 Authors note: Hello everyone. Thank you everyone for the positive feedback and comments they mean the world to me and have brightened my days. Thank you once again to Paul who continues to be my second set of eyes. ~ellie. 

*

Hella woke and rolled over to pick up her phone and look at the time. She had known that it was dangerous moving her pet Pussycat into the room adjoining hers, but when she had done it, she had believed that the time constraints placed on her training would not allow her to give the girl all the time needed to explore and test her limitations. Now she woke several times a night and fought with her conscience about waking the pet to indulge her own needs. She hadn't been this horny or infatuated with a submissive in many years, and as Cat's departure date loomed, she felt a strange sense of dread and relief mixing inside her to confuse her senses and make her desire for the girl even stronger.

Hella got up and padded across her bedroom, opening the door to the adjoining suite. She leant on the door frame watching her Pussycat curled on her side and breathing in the deep, steady rhythm of sleep. The heating in the building was such that no sheets or blankets were required, and Hella could take in her lovely, marked body. It had been a tough session for Cat that day as they continued to test out her limits with harsher equipment, and she could see red lines refusing to fade easily from her skin, even in the darkness of the room.

The pet was obedient but she never responded with the devotion and adoration that a true pet should after such an intensive training course. Hella was used to pets who lived for the slightest praise and attention from her but even after bring this so much pleasure and pain she remained detached and unbonded to her mistress. It was as if the true owner had erected a wall around her heart that Hella couldn't break through.

Even those who knew Hella well didn't question her actions bringing the girl here. The types of pain and humiliation she was forcing her pet to endure now required enormous amounts of aftercare to ensure no harm was done physically and mentally. Very few girls made it this far down the darker paths of the training, but while Hella was pleased that while Cat was able to embrace some of the harsher forms of pain, her levels of comfort with humiliation were not so dark, and she used her safe words often when those limits were tested.

The girl had an inner strength and resilience that Hella admired and found extremely attractive to go along with her sexy body and sweet smiling face. She took a deep breath and approached the bed looking at the pet she had an insatiable desire for. At the age of fifty, Hella had thought herself beyond mere infatuation. She had watched the girl struggle through her preconceptions of taboos, her trust issues, and her obvious sadness at being separated from the man she loved to give Hella the trust and control she craved and accept her as her dominant for her time here. The eventual full submission of the girl had remained elusive however and she had built up a great deal of rage toward her owner for keeping that part of her from Hella.

This wasn't a girl running from the real world or the law, she wasn't here looking for a new life or a new purpose, and she certainly wasn't a masochistic nymphomaniac like her friend, Nymph, all of which Hella was used to dealing with on a daily basis. This was a girl forced to change her ideas from what she knew about society and accept a new patriarchal world order so she could be accepted by the families of the twelve tables and marry the man she loved. Hella felt protective of the girl and was reluctant to return her so soon to a man who couldn't possibly appreciate her gifts.

Hella picked up the medicated body lotion that would help the girl heal quickly and climbed gently onto the bed. With a whispered voice and soft hands, she encouraged Cat to roll onto her belly and began a long slow massage to smooth the lotion into her fair skin that held the marks for far longer than someone of a darker complexion. She smiled as she heard the girl purring softly. It was a sound Hella had encouraged and enjoyed. Her purring pussycat was by far the most favourite pet she'd possessed in years.

Hella lifted Cat's hands and arms, resting them on the pillow above her head as she massaged her back to inside her ribs and the soft rounded sides of her breasts before spending a long time massaging the cheeks of her ass and running a finger consistently over the dark star there. She'd taken well to the anal toys Hella used on her, and even though she hadn't tested the limits of a double penetration by living men, she had fucked her with a good-sized strap-on while she wore a large plug. She was confident that Cat would not only rise to the challenge when presented, but that the girl would enjoy it, Hella thought disgustedly. As always, her thoughts turning dark as she thought of her pussycat being used by dominant men.

Despite having a male assistant to help her with some of the trickier restraints, the only cocks Cat had been allowed to touch or see in the last two weeks had been hard, cold plastic or glass. Hella knew she had stepped over the line between trainer and real intimacy, but she didn't care at this point. This beautiful girl who lay so relaxed and trusting under her massage was hers for this time, and she intended to take full advantage of that fact.

Once again using soothing tones and soft hands, Hella encouraged Cat to roll over and expose the front of her body for the massage she was receiving. Hella kissed the barely awake girl softly and let her hands roam over her body before starting on her shoulders and arms. Lifting her hands well above her head, she gently wrapped the wrists in the soft cuffs there and kissed away the small whimpered protest of her half-asleep pet, reminding her who was in control and who needed to do as they were told in hushed whispered tones.

Hella straddled Cat's head, her calves and thighs running parallel with the girl's arms. She was careful not to smother the girl as she gently lowered herself and sighed in pleasure as she felt a lazy tongue beginning to slowly lap at her slit. Content for the moment, Hella gathered more lotion and began her massage of Cat's breasts and torso. She caressed every inch of her breasts to her hips and pelvis before working her way back up to Cat's breasts with the pale pink nipples. Unable to resist temptation any longer, she took the nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, squeezing with increasing intensity until her pet cried out into her pussy, the vibrations exciting her all the more.

Needing more, she twisted the nipples and pulled them upward from her body, making the girl buck beneath her and squeal loudly. Hella lost herself in the sensation and ground down onto her mouth, absorbing every sound and the delicious tongue that continued to try and dance across her moving clit. Hella's first orgasm came quickly as she rode the wave of pleasure that inflicting pain on her willing pet gave her, intensified by the screams that vibrated through her pussy.

Hella knew she wasn't alone in her pleasure, it was yet another attractive feature of her pussycat that she was aroused by such treatment. Cat's insistent tongue and suctioning lips finally became too much for her oversensitive clit to bear, so she lifted her hips slightly and ran a hand down Cat's body to her pussy and slid her fingers between her folds, smiling as she felt the girl's obviously wet arousal.

"Mmmm... my pussycat enjoyed that, didn't she?" Hella cooed, rubbing her fingers over Cat's clit and smiling as her hips lifted slightly from the bed.

"Yes, Miss!" Cat hissed as she felt Hella grasp her clit with long nails, digging them in somewhat to hold the slippery little bud without losing it.

"Are you hissing at me, pussycat?" Hella twisted the clit trapped between her fingers, revelling in the cry Cat emitted in response before losing the slippery bud. "We. Don't. Hiss. At. Miss. Hella. Like. A. Nasty. Stray!" Hella punctuated each word with a slap to her pussy followed by soft rubbing as if to soothe pain she felt as she settled her own pussy back over Cat's mouth to enjoy the sensations of her cries and whimpers. "Such a naughty pet pussy," she spanked her again and felt her second orgasm rising.

Feeling generous, she changed position slightly and lay over Cat's body to lick her clit gently and delve her fingers into the hot wet hole to begin to fuck her. In this position, Hella could feel the body of her pet rock beneath her to movement of the fingers invading her and the small tremors that ran through her as she drew close to coming with her Mistress.

"Come for me, pussycat!" Hella commanded and buzzed her clit with her lips. Cat arched up hard against her body and cried out her orgasm into her Mistress's pussy, sending the woman over the edge with her.

Hella lay for several minutes motionless, the orgasm that ripped through her still sending soft waves of pleasure as her pet's tongue gently lapped at the nectar that slowly oozed from her. She moved slowly, turning her body so she could look into her pet's come covered face. The sight only added more fuel to her desire, and she moved to straddle one of Cat's thighs and press her own thigh against the hot tortured pussy of her pet. She rolled her hips, rubbing her clit against the muscle and let out a long pleasure filled sigh, convincing herself that she was not greedy wanting the third orgasm in the middle of the night from her clearly exhausted pet.

Cat felt Hella's tongue softly loop around one of her nipples before drawing it into her mouth as she humped her thigh and purred loudly. She rocked her hips, wanting greater contact with the thigh her Mistress had pressed against her pussy, and pulled on the restraints holding her hands as she tried to position herself for greater contact. Her Mistress had taken the time to get to know her body and all of the ways to excite and arouse her, and she felt like an oversexed teenager that Hella could make her come so quickly. 

She had never believed she could enjoy sex with a woman but Hella knew how to bring her body to amazing sexual highs. She doubted she would ever seek out the touch of a woman after her time here, but it had not been as bad as she had thought going through the motions of bring her mistress to climax and let her own body respond to the pain and pleasure rained down on her. While enjoyable to a point, she knew she wouldn't seek out the soft curves of another woman when she craved the hard bodies touch Matteo's and it was his face that entered his mind every time she came for Hella.

She loved Matteo. She planned to spend the rest of her life with Matteo and have him do to her the things she had learned that she loved about the BDSM lifestyle. Cat knew not having to serve Hella on a daily basis would be no significant loss but could admit she was grateful for such extensive and thorough training. She had been nervous when Hella had moved her room to one adjoining her own, but now, as she lay approaching another orgasm with her Mistress, she could understand why she had done it. Cat had become as bad as her friend, Nymph, getting through the hours of dance and elocution or etiquette just to be back in the room of pleasure and pain imagining all of the things she would be able to enjoy with Matteo.

Even the watchful eyes of Nurse James, who had volunteered to be Hella's assistant when she was with Cat, provoked a reaction in Cat. The sadist who enjoyed strapping Cat into torturous devices and frames could only ever look but not sexually touch Cat. He remained fully clothed at all times, and if he ever got an erection while watching Hella's use of her, it became a source of derision and humiliation that Hella seemed to enjoy heaping upon him, reminding him that she would never share her pretty pet with him. Still, he came back every day to bind her and watch each scene with her Mistress. In the hospital, he had been cruel when alone with the girls, and she wondered if he, too, was a sadist who had never had the training to seek consent before touching a submissive. If he ever tried to hurt her or speak to her, Hella was quick to step in and admonish him and make her feel safe.

There was a certain excitement to being watched as she was used and tormented. Often, she imagined Matteo, or even Ricco, who she assumed she would need to let into her life and bedroom, were watching her with Hella. Her purr became a deep groan as she felt Hella's teeth fasten around her nipple and she bucked her hips, seeking more and giving more as she and her Mistress humped against each other's thighs.

They came almost simultaneously, and Hella rested her head on Cat's breasts, softly tracing her nipple and flicking it with her nails as they both came back to earth.

"Sleep like this," Hella said as she undid the restraints. "On your back." She nestled beside Cat, wrapping an arm around her waist and draping one leg over her thighs. "Sleep, pretty pussycat, you've made me very happy tonight."

Cat purred knowing her Mistress enjoyed the sound and closed her eyes, imagining Matteo, and possibly Ricco, enjoying the sound just as much.

*****

"I've been in contact with Marcus this morning," Roberto said casually as his sons walked into the library. Both Matteo and Ricco spent their mornings at the company and their afternoons and evenings with their fathers taking over some of the responsibilities of running such a large and complicated family. "In light of who and what Catriona will become within our family, he has suggested an extra week where she can spend time with the future mother of the Battaglia and Peri Donati, who has consented to two days of her time. This will not be an easy role for her to absorb, and Theresa may not have the energy or be in the best frame of mind in the coming months to instruct her as she might otherwise be."

"No!" Matteo said abruptly, not entertaining any further discussion on the subject.

"I have to go with the big guy on this one," Ricco said. "You and the others told us that we could tell her what her future would entail, not Marcus or Peri or another. As you said, it will be a lot for her to absorb, and we need to be the ones to tell her."

"That is why Marcus has extended an invitation to us to attend the Gentleman's ball for the graduating officers this weekend. We will fly up Saturday afternoon, and you will be able to spend time with Cat after the ball as well as the Sunday before we return home," Roberto explained.

"She will be at the ball?" Matteo tilted his head curiously.

"It will serve as the culminating assessment of her social graces training to escort a graduate from one of the twelve families," Roberto explained and smirked as he saw his son's temper flare in his eyes.

"Steady there, big guy," Ricco said calmly, seeing the sly smirk of his father. "Who will she be escorting, exactly?"

"Kalum is graduating, and I thought you might like to escort Mia as a surprise for her for being so patient. Kalum has been away for six weeks, not three," Roberto spoke to Matteo, but then turned his eyes on Ricco. "You are becoming too clever for your own good!" he growled.

"Just keeping the big guy out of trouble. He's been out of sorts lately, and with this extra delay, he might just lose his shit if he sees her with anyone else, although Kalum might pass under the wire if we get to do something nice for Mia," Ricco grinned and nudged his brother.

"Yeah, alright, as long as it's Saturday night and all day Sunday. I want a separate place to stay too. I'm not sharing with you or Mia," he didn't mention Ricco because he wasn't sure how he wanted that to play out yet or how Cat would feel about it. "No short changing me either; or I won't leave her there when we come home," Matteo warned. He'd spoken to her twice in the time she's been away, and everything else he knew came through Marcus. He could see the importance of the extra week's training, but he needed to see her and hold her so bad he didn't think he could give up that time without seeing her at all.

"I'll let him know you'll be there on Saturday," Roberto smiled slyly again. "I'm looking forward to seeing if the experience has changed her in any way. It was brave of you to request a female trainer not knowing where her preferences lay." He chuckled at the eye roll Matteo gave him.

"I know her far better than you think I do," Matteo growled out, even though after his last conversation with her he had wondered the same thing. She seemed eager to continue her training with Hella rather than apprehensive as she had been the first time they spoke. He'd been relieved, but as the week had gone on he had let his imagination get the better of him more than once.

"Cosimo is running late, why don't you call Mia and let her know we are taking her to the ball this weekend, she will need a dress."

*****

"Now it's all about the packaging," Kate said. "Women who look available and desperate are enjoyed for a moment and forgotten the next. What you always need to remember is that with all things, men enjoy what they have to work to get more than those given to them easily. Be it a rare bottle of wine, a fine cigar from an embargoed country, or the glimpse of skin from a woman who appears cool and untouchable."

"Sexy is a state of being, a conscious attitude, not the gift wrapping that goes around it. Truly sexy women could wear a flour sack and have men notice her. Girls these days mistakenly believe that men want the slut, and they do, to a point, so they dress as provocatively as possible. The reality is that men want the good girl who is corruptible," Edith took up the conversation.

"I don't disagree with my sisters," the third woman, Felicity, joined the conversation. "But there is something to be said for a figure-hugging style that may leave less to the imagination but still promises delights unseen."

The three women presented dresses to Cat two days before the ball. Each had their own design and reason why the ball gown they had chosen was best suited to Cat.

"I don't believe I could pull off the Cinderella look with such a full skirt, but I love the bodice of this one," she said honestly. "I'm not sure I have the right figure for the tight dress either, but the neckline is lovely." She looked at the third dress that Edith stood proudly alongside. "Do you think that we could maybe take the strip from the off the shoulder sleeve and place it on this bodice with this more slimline but still full skirt and put a peekaboo slit in the folds of the skirt for that flash of the leg you were talking about?"

"Which material would you want the finished design in?" Kate asked as the women started talking quickly, discussing the idea that Cat had put together.

"It could be difficult to put the off the shoulder pieces on top of the corsetry lacing in the back without it sticking up awkwardly," Felicity pulled at the garment and considered how to make it work.

"It could work if we laced it upside down with a different ribbon, made it more of a decorative feature," Kate turned to her sister as Cat considered the original question.

"I think I am more of a satin than a lace or tulle person, so maybe that material," she pointed at a sapphire blue dress.

"No lace? How do you feel about Diamantes?" Edith asked, who preferred more decorative materials.

"I wouldn't want the whole bodice to be covered in them, but otherwise I don't mind a scattering or small clusters of them," Cat admitted.

"Excellent. Come back tomorrow morning and we will have exactly what you want," Edith grinned.

"I'll walk you," Kate said. "Edith forgets you're not supposed to be walking anywhere on your own. Marcus will be with his father."
