 As I sat on the couch with my laptop staring at endless amounts of naked bodies doing naughty things, the rain continued to fall. It had been raining for two weeks. It didn't bother me, though. I loved the rain. It was very peaceful to me, very calming...very sensual at the moment. The sweet blond girl in the movie I was currently viewing was slowly licking her shy partner. She licked up one side of the timid ones pussy, and down the other. She flicked her clit with her tongue as she teasingly inserted a finger into the wet opening. The one receiving arched her back in anticipation, but the sweet-turned-suddenly-wicked little blond stopped abruptly, and removed her finger. Didn't seem so sweet anymore. My kind of girl... At that realization, I slowly moved one hand down to my own wetness. Damn, it was hot down there. I fingered my clit while I watched the shy ones torture commence. She was squirming all over the place. The more she moved, the more turned on I got. I inserted my index finger into my already dripping wet pussy. The friction of pulling it out made me moan with pleasure. I pushed it back in and enjoyed to sensation again. I used my thumb to play with my clit a little while I continued fingering myself. Having my hood pierced helped at this moment. I had often wondered how beneficial it really was, but as I flicked it with my thumb, and it hit against my most sensitive spot, I knew it had been a mistake to worry about it. The blond had now strapped on her bright pink dildo, and was pounding the poor shy girl's pussy hard. I was really getting into it, too. I had my eyes fixated on the little screen as I fingered just as wildly. 

I almost didn't hear the knock on the front door. The second time, it was much louder. Startled, I sat my laptop to the side, and went to answer the door. Since I was wearing a nightshirt, I didn't have to cover up. I just wiped my finger on the bottom edge of the shirt...just in case. As I approached the door, I asked who it was. 

"I just need to use your phone. My car is dead," replied the very lovely, but frazzled voice from the other side. I peered out the peephole only to be confronted with two beautiful blue eyes peeking out of the hood of a raincoat. Wow, I thought to myself. I may not need my laptop after all tonight. I unlocked the door, and opened it. 

As she came into my house, she said, "Hi, my name's April. Sorry to bug you like this, but..." 

Don't worry about it, I replied, please come in...let me take your coat...yada, yada, yada...all the stuff that makes me look like a hospitable, nice person...blah, blah, blah... As she slid her coat off, I noticed the sheerness of the shirt she had on beneath it. It was a soft pink color that fit rather snugly...no bra either...and beautifully perky breasts to boot. I felt the hot wet liquid from my pussy begin trickling down my inner thigh a little. I busied myself with hanging her coat on my coat rack so I didn't get caught staring. 

As I turned and walked her into the living room, I realized that I had left the movie playing on my laptop. She must have realized what it was by the sounds, I assume, and turned a little red in the face. I rushed to the couch to close it while I made some lame excuse about getting bored sometimes and whatever... To my surprise, she was right beside me as I grabbed the top of the screen to shut it. She placed her hand on mine. 

"No," she said. "Leave it." 

Suddenly unsure of the stranger in my house that was OK with the porn I was watching, I said, "I thought you needed to use the phone." 

"I will," she replied, "Eventually." 

I couldn't tell if I was awake or dreaming, but at that moment, she leaned forward. In one swift move, she was kissing me, had lifted my night shirt with one hand and was fondling a breast with it, and had begun fingering my already sopping pussy with the other. I started to protest, but it felt so good, and I was so horny already. She must have had some amazing power over me because I just let her. 

As she worked me, I started to bring up my hands to remove that cute pink shirt and reveal those perfect breasts. She protested, and told me that I wasn't allowed...not yet. She began kissing me again. Her mouth tasted of peppermint. Since I wasn't allowed to touch the parts of her that I wanted, I just put my arms around her neck, took the clip from her the back of her head, and ran my fingers through her long blond hair. I closed my eyes and moaned in pleasure as she fingered me and played with my clit...much the same way I had been doing before. 

I had a fleeting thought of, "How could she know that??" I opened my eyes for a split second, and noticed that I had left the front blinds open. She must have been watching me through the window before she knocked on the door. For whatever reason, this realization made me so much hotter. She sensed that I was getting more turned on, and moved me to the couch. She stopped what she was doing briefly to move the computer to the floor, and then she laid me down, and was right back at it. 

Once I was on the couch, it was a little awkward for her to continue what she had been doing exactly. She had me sit up so she could remove my nightshirt. After doing so, I laid back down, and she kissed me again. She moved from my mouth, and began kissing down my body. She kissed my breasts and sucked them a little before continuing downward. She stopped at my belly button and played with the ring in it for a little bit, and again, continued downward. She reached the top of my bare wet pussy with her lips. She was already fingering me, and the addition of that just sent my head spinning. She kissed around the top a little, and then suddenly latched onto my clit. She sucked it hard and flicked it with her tongue as he fingered me faster. Since I was already so worked up, I could immediately feel that I was about to orgasm. She could tell too, and stopped. 

She looked up at me and said, "Not yet." She kissed me on the mouth again and began fingering me again slowly.