 I'd just like to say thank you to everyone that has responded to my real life adventure. Its nice to know that some people out there are enjoying my stories. My fire has been re-ignited by a special girl (you know who you are) to finish this part of the story. Thanks again everyone Michelle xx

* * * * *

Another month had come around. This was to be my 5th ultra sound in as many months, but the one I was looking forward to the most. For the last 4 weeks all I could think about was my last visit to the clinic. I have never been so sexually turned on before in my life. Just months before I had never had a thought of having sex with a woman, let alone 2 of them. Or doing sexual acts far beyond my wildest thoughts. But Sandra & Jane had taken me there on the most incredible ride of my entire life. I was now 8 months pregnant and it was becoming very hard to drink and hold in a large amount of fluid for the ultra sound. I arrived at the clinic early this time hoping that they might be ready and waiting for me. 

But today they were very backlogged due to a machine malfunction. I sat in the waiting room with one other soon to be mum. It was now just on five o'clock and the lady next to me still had to go in before I. We looked at each other both of us twitching around on the chairs trying to get more comfortable. She leaned over to me and said "If they don't hurry up I'm just going to wet myself right here in the waiting room." Another few minutes had past and then Sandra came out and called her into the room. Sandy looked over at me with this wicked smile on her face and just winked at me and went back inside. As the lady walked across the floor heading towards the room I noticed a small trickle of pee running down her leg, as she tried to compose herself so she wouldn't let it all go. 

I looked back at the seat next to me and noticed as small puddle on the chair. I looked over at the receptionist to she her head down doing paper work. I reach over and ran my fingers in the still warm puddle and raised them to my mouth. She tasted so sweet. I continued to do this until I soaked up all of her pee. God how I wanted to just go in there and drink the rest of it and relieve the pressure for her. Its amazing when your mind is occupied and you don't think about going to the toilet how much longer you can hang onto it.

Another 15 minutes had past by now and my own panties had now become wet not with just my pee but also my juices. I had to really concentrate hard now not to pee as I wanted it all over Sandra and not on the waiting room floor. The door opened and the woman came out looking a lot more relaxed. Sandra called me in and said to the receptionist that she could go home after fixing up Mrs. Kennedy. As I got up I noticed her looking at the chair were she was sitting. She had this funny look on her face as she knew what she had left behind but it wasn't there anymore. 

She looked up at me as walked past her licking my fingers. I looked at her and said "mmm tasty" as I stepped into the room. God what a huge turn on it was. I just basically told a woman I didn't even know that I was a pee drinker. Sandra closed the door behind me and I spun around and pushed my tongue deep into her mouth and swirled it around letting her taste Mrs. Kennedy. I pulled away from her and asked her if she tasted it. She asked me "What couldn't you hold on any longer and had to drink some of your pee." I told her that what she had tasted was her last appointment. Sandra looked at me strange until I told her the story, and then she pushed her tongue into my mouth searching for the last taste of Mrs. Kennedy. 

I reached up a pulled Sandra's hair from the clip and let I fall down. I slowly started to unbutton her top when there was a knock on the door and it started to open. It was the receptionist Lea she said "Sandra I will be off now ok" as she poked her head in the door. Sandra pushed me back so I was now standing behind the slightly open door. She then moved in front of the opening door to confront Lea before she could step into the room. Sandra said something like "ok Lea I'll see you tomorrow - don't forget to lock the door on your way out." I'm sure Lea thought something was going on. You only had to take one look at Sandra. Her hair was splayed all over the place and her top three buttons were undone exposing her breasts poking out of her bra. Sandra stood at the door and watched as Lea left and locked the door behind her. While all this was happening I realized that I had let go a large squirt of pee into my panties. The thought of being caught must have jolted my mind back to reality. I knew I had to pee and pee right then.

I walked over to where Sandra was standing and told her to sit down on the floor. As she sat down I lifted my dress and stood over her. I looked down at her sitting under me and just let it go. I filled my panties then it started to pour out all over Sandra's head. I reached down and pulled back the elastic and continued to shower her with all my pee. She was soaking by now. It was running down her face and neck filling the crevasse made by her bra encases breasts. Her top and skirt were now completely wet as she sat in a puddle of my piss. I leaned forward to support myself on the back of a chair as I felt my legs starting to become weak. As my flow slowed down Sandra reached up and started to drink the last few squirts and then dove in and tongue fucked my aching cunt.

I could feel her hands parting my butt cheeks trying to get better access to me. I lowered myself down a little giving her the room that she wanted. I could feel her tongue running all over my hot cunt, licking from my clit all the way around to my ass. She pulled her head back and spat a large amount of spit on my asshole and then, I felt her middle finger pushing at the tight entrance. As her finger pushed past my now loosening sphincter her mouth was back on my clit sucking hard. That was it for me the thought of licking up Mrs. Kennedy's pee and nearly being caught by Lea (I'm sure she knew what was happening). I screamed at Sandra that I was going to cum that I couldn't hold it back any longer as her expert mouth brought me to an extremely powerful orgasm. I pumped my hot sticky pussy cream down her hungry throat. It seemed to go on forever my body giving up buckets and buckets of juice.

As my mind and body drifted back to reality Sandra had got out from under me and was now standing behind me caressing my ass. She leaned forward and said to me "God how I want to fuck you doggy with that strap-on of Jane's." I told her to fuck me now but she again refused until after the baby was born. But she did say that if I could get it on I could fuck her with it. I don't think I have removed my clothes faster than that day. It was a tight fit but I eventually got the harness on. But I was in so much of a hurry I forgot to fill up the dildo. Sandra was in the middle of removing her wet cloths when I told her to leave them on, as I wanted to feel them against my skin. I also told her that I needed her to fill up the ball sack. So she took it and pushed it up into her pussy and filled it full of her piss. She handed it back to me and told me to fuck her slowly because she didn't want me to exert any extra pressure on my pregnancy. She also said that if Jane knew that she was letting me do this she would freak out. I asked her where she was and she told me that she had a business meeting in town and was hoping to be back for our little session.

I bent down behind her and started to lick her pee-covered pussy getting her all juiced up ready for my very first dildo fuck. Sandra couldn't help herself as she released a squirt of pee into my mouth. God she tasted so sweet I just wanted to stay there all night but I had other "pressing" matters to attend to. As I backed away from her I also spat on her asshole just like she had done to me earlier. I started to rub my thumb around her ass as I slowly started to insert the strap-on into her waiting pussy. Sandra let out a low moan as I pushed the dildo deeper into her. I started to hump her slowly as I pushed my thumb into her ass. It was a strange feeling actually fucking another woman. It was very hard to get the rhythm right but after a while I managed to get it going. I was difficult with my pregnant belly in the way so I got Sandra to lean forward on a little stool so her ass was poking up in the air. This gave me the access that I need. I was now able to go harder without straining myself.

As I drove the dildo deeper and harder Sandra started to grunt at me " God fuck me harder Michelle fuck my cunt you horny pregnant bitch." I started to feel my thighs getting wet from my own juices running down my leg as I pushed and twisted my thumb deep in her ass. I could feel Sandra pushing back trying to get as much of it into her steaming slit. Then suddenly she yelled out that she was going to cum and cum hard. I told her I was going to cum with her as I reached down and started to squeeze the fake balls full of Sandra's piss. Her body went stiff as her orgasm ripped through her. I was now pumping the balls forcing all of her piss back into her pussy. I tried to pull my thumb from her ass but she had it clamped in there until she was ready to release it. I could feel her pee splashing back on me as she was riding the fake cock. I had become just a bystander that the dildo was strapped to - as Sandy screamed and shook through the biggest orgasm I had ever seen her have. 

Sandra's body finally went limp as my thumb was released from her tight grip and she slumped on the floor in front of me. As she fell forward the dildo popped out of her pussy releasing the final squirt of pee onto her upturned butt cheeks. She was breathing so hard I thought I might have to give her mouth to mouth or something as I sat down pondering what had just happened. As she recovered and sat down on the chair next to me Sandra told me that she had never experienced anything like that before. I told her it must have been the thought of an 8-month pregnant woman fucking her brains out that made the difference. I told her to get out of those wet cloths before she caught a cold. For the next half-hour or so we just sat chatting as we drank to replenish our fluids. I still needed to have the ultra sound I reminded Sandra. So I jumped up on the table naked as Sandra naked herself proceeded to do it. I asked her if this was the first one she had done naked and she just laughed at me. 

Just as Sandra had finished the door opened and in walked Jane "Good I thought I might have missed all the fun" she said as she walked over behind me unbuttoning her slacks. "I've been caught in traffic and I haven't peed for 4 hours and I'm busting" she said as she straddled my face and let go a full bladder of hot golden piss right onto my face and in my mouth. As Jane was filling me up at one end I was emptying it out the other end into Sandy's mouth in more ways than one. Two hours later and after another 3 orgasms we were all ready to leave. The girls said to me that I had no need to return for another ultra sound as in another four weeks or so I would be giving birth to my beautiful son Josh (the best day of my life). But at anytime I wanted to return for a "follow up" just ring and book a late session. To this day I still see Sandra and Jane at the clinic and privately as well and all three of us share something very special. These two women have opened up a side of me that I never knew existed and I'm eternally grateful to them. I only wish I had found out about lesbian sex and watersports earlier in my life. My husband still knows nothing about any of this and that’s the way I like it. 

Again I'd like to thank all the people that Responded and any feedback on this chapter would be appreciated. Also any and all encouragement required if you would like to hear of any more adventures between the three pisscatears.