 *This work is purely fiction, or something like that. Based upon a dream i had involving a very close Friend of mine ~blows kisses to Her~. Names were altered to give Her the privacy She deserves, but published for mostly Her enjoyment. Enjoy!* ~*the kitten*~

An unexpected yet pleasant surprise.

Star absently brushed at her jeans, to rid herself of invisible dust, trying to ignore the tight feeling within her chest, and the butterflies darting around within her stomach. She knew this trip was foolhardy at best, being as Bridgette did not know that she was coming to see Her. The idea struck Star while they were chatting on MSN, when Star asked Bridgette what it was she wanted for Yule, or Christmas in this case, as that is what Bridgette celebrates, not Yule. Astoundingly, Bridgette had replied, 'You and only you.'. Now at first, she did say nothing. Well it was actually, nothing that I can have, so Star was thinking along the lines of a vacation. Bridgette worked just about as much as Star, pulling over time, and double shift days often, for no other reason then to pull in more money, which it never really seems to do, as the extra always seems to go to taxes and everything of the like. So Star let it go, and didn't ask again. 

This was around the beginning of December. Around a week before Christmas, Star asked again, only to stare dumbfounded at her message text, at the reply. Star got her address from her, by telling her she would send Bridgette a card with a picture of her newest hair style. Chunky blonde streaks, one of Star's favorites. Then, on the sly, for Star's parents wouldn't approve, she bought a bus ticket to Bridgette's area, or as close as she could get to it, and told her parents that Bridgette had bought it for her, in the hopes they would not refuse her going in that instance. What could they do? Star was 21 going on 22 soon, and while she lived at home she was an adult. They let her go. Star took the last five days of her vacation, and scheduled it over a weekend. For two reasons. One, Star did not work weekends, so they would not count for her vacation days. Second, she knew Bridgette had gotten off the weekend after Christmas for personal days, they had spoken of it. So now, here she was, on a Greyhound, minutes from the depot, trying to squelch the uneasiness that plagued her. 

When the driver called for the stop, her heart leapt into her throat, and she swallowed down the uneasiness. She grabbed her carryon, and her luggage bag from the top slot, and got off the bus. Swiftly Star moved away from the crowds of people, fighting to find a spot in a corner where she could sit and gather herself before the last end of the journey. She refused to think of the reaction she would get from Bridgette, other then it being joyful. 

After most of the turmoil died down, she moved towards the outside, to hail down a cab, hoping one was available, and she didn't miss them all in her wait. Sure enough there was one.. she set her stuff in the trunk, slid into the cab and gave the cabbie the address. Then she settled down to wait, rubbing slightly sweaty palms on the legs of her black corduroy pants. She dressed nicely for this occasion, more so then her normal everyday clothes, yet not enough to be called 'dress clothes'. Low rise black corduroy pants, frayed at the tops and bottoms, black t-shirt with a silver playboy bunny on it, and her black duster. Black agrees with Star on most days. To top it off, she styled her hair slightly. A shocker for those that know her, for she never does much to it, but the sides are pulled back with silver clips. Upon her feet are what her sister terms "fuck me boots"; Knee high black leather, with a square, but short heels. 

All during the drive, she chewed on her lower lip, a habit of hers, when she's nervous or upset, and fidgeted some on the seat. She watched the scenery go by without really seeing it, her mind clearly on other things. Sooner then she thought, they pulled up in front of a house. There was a car in the drive, so she was home. It was nice looking. Grayish paint with green shutters and a green door. Quickly before she changed her mind, she gave the driver money..more then was warranted probably even with tip, grabbed her things and moved to the door..there she hesitated, with her hand poised to knock. 

While she waited, the door was pulled open, and there, Bridgette stood, pulling on her coat..with Star on her steps, eyes wide. They both stared for a moment, jaws hung open in astonishment. Finally, Star, her voice trembling, faint and unsure, whispers, "Miss Bridgette?" To which the reply was "Oh Goddess.... STAR?". Star bites her lip and nods her head shyly, glancing down. Bridgette, after staring a moment or two more, steps back and motions Star within.

"I am sorry, Star.. I am normally not.. I was just stepping out for some desert, do please come in." 

Now, Star, being the normal smartmouthed one she is, murmured, without thinking "You could always have me for desert Miss Bridgette..and..Merry Christmas" 

Bridgette stared again, and Star blushed from her hair line and down, knowing by the feeling of warmth on her neck that it trailed down there as well. Already it started. That feeling she got just talking online with Bridgette. The tingling of her breasts, and between her thighs, much to her embarrassment, which only lead to making the blush deeper. Bridgette closed the door and rested her hand on Star's cheek, and murmured "I have been waiting months to do so, dear one. I can not believe you are really here. How..Why..?" and was interrupted in her question when Star stepped forward and, with a murmured "Goddess forgive me", placed her lips to Bridgette's. 

Any resolve either of them had, prior to this action melted away. With a soft sigh, Bridgette slipped her arms around Star, pulling her close against her body, holding her gently while they kissed. Lips moved over lips, and soon tongues met lips, and intertwined with tongues as the kiss deepened, to an almost urgent pace, passions flaring.

Soon they broke apart, breathing harsh and irregular, green eyes staring into blue. "Wow.." Bridgette stated, swallowing and licking her lips. Star nodded and then leaned up to kiss Bridgette again, coaxing her lips open with her tongue, to draw Bridgette's tongue into her mouth, sucking on it, as her hands trailed over her back to cup her ass, gently squeezing it, causing a moan to slip from Bridgette's mouth into Star's. Star purrs softly, pulling back, taking a few steps back, with a throaty murmur. 

"Does Miss Bridgette wish Her kitten to introduce Her to the pleasure of sexual lust and cravings between women?" for Star knows, that she is the first woman Bridgette ever even thought about doing this with. Part of Star's mind registered surprise at this statement.. as did Bridgette, who's eyes widened, then fluttered closed, followed by a moan and a hissing "Yes" Bridgette took Star's hand then pulled her to the family room where a couch lay. 

That is all Star needed, and she wasted no time in taking off her duster and tossing it to the table. Then she moves forward, guiding Bridgette to sit, while she kisses her softly, teasingly, hands trailing over Bridgette's form, sometimes pressing, others times just skimming, delighting in the gasps and moans that slip from Bridgette. Star took her cues from Bridgette, allowed her to call the shots, as was proper, but also for the fact Star didn't wish to push her. When Bridgette nudged her away to lift up her shirt, Star helped, and lowered her head down to nuzzle her breasts through the material of her bra. When she closed her mouth over one nipple, through the bra, she was rewarded by Bridgette's cry, and the arching of her back, which pressed it more fully into Star's mouth. 

At that Star undid the clasp, freeing the firm heavy globes, reaching up to catch them as they fell free. Again Bridgette cried out, as Star started to tease and suck on each nipple, while she massaged and squeezed the full breasts. Star was only to happy to comply when Bridgette took one of her hands and led Star's to the button on her jeans, with a choked, whispered 'Please'. Star groaned, and moved down, unbuttoning and yanking down the zipper, then the jeans and panties... and shivered, eyes fluttering at the sweet smell of aroused woman, knowing she brought Bridgette here, that alone was enough to drive Star closer to the edge. She looked up at Bridgette, into her eyes as she lowered her head to place a soft, chaste kiss at the top of her mound, and grinned as Bridgette's hips jerked upward, and a groan torn from Bridgette's sweet mouth. 

Star whispered softly "You are so beautiful" then lowered her head to lick at Bridgette's clit, gently, teasingly, moaning aloud at the taste of Her.. the sweet taste, slightly salty, but the taste that is only Bridgette, and unable to hold back any longer, and by the way Bridgette was squirming, she could not anymore either, Star shifts some and slips her tongue within Bridgette's sex, feeling the velvety walls clench around her tongue. Star moans again, and shivers, while her tongue darts in and out of Bridgette, tasting, touching, fucking Her, bringing her closer to that edge, the small death. Over the sounds of the blood roaring in her ears, and that of her tongue plunging in and out of Bridgette, Star heard her voice, "Oh... Oh goddess Star.. yes.. Please.. so good..more..oh.. mmmmmm" and Star was only to happy to comply. 

She slipped her tongue out, smiling at the whimper she hears, then gently slips a finger inside, then out, and adds another. Soon she is working two fingers in and out of Bridgette, feeling her muscles clench and try to hold them within her velvet cavern, while Star leans up to kiss Bridgette, deep and long, so she can taste herself on Stars lips, then Star dips her head down, to suck on Her nipples, her thumb rubbing her clit while her fingers stroke deep within. Suddenly Bridgette's hands drop to Star's head, nails digging in, and Bridgette goes tense for a moment..before she starts to buck Her hips, wildly, thrashing on the couch, screaming out her orgasm. Star pulls away gently, licking her fingers then crawls onto the couch to hold Bridgette while she calms down. Star kisses her gently and whispers "Merry Christmas"

*More to follow*