 Lucy was spreadeagled, naked, on her bed. Her wrists and ankles were held by ties which were attached to the bedposts. To make things worse, a pair of her panties were stuffed deep into her mouth. Not only could she barely move her arms and legs, but she could hardly make any noise.

It was her own darn fault. It was Saturday afternoon, and she had been bored and horny. She decided to fool around with a little self-bondage, which she had done before and enjoyed. She left the door to her apartment slightly ajar because the thought that she might be discovered added to the thrill of her fantasy. Then she had put the ties on her ankles and on her left wrist. To keep from being completely restrained and helpless she had slipped the other tie just partly onto her right hand; she was going to just pretend that she was completely restrained. Unfortunately, she had sneezed unexpectedly and violently, and the movement had caused the tie to slip all the way to her wrist. When she instinctively tried to pull her hand free, the slip knot just tightened, and she couldn't get loose.

She had been on the bed for about a ½ hour, and she was getting scared. She hadn't heard anyone in the hall or next door, but she tried to make noise all the same. She shouted every few minutes, but the panties muffled the sound.

Megan was walking to her apartment when she noticed her neighbor's door was slightly open. She had never met the neighbor, who had only lived there for about a month, but she knew the young woman lived alone. Out of concern, Megan knocked, pushed the door open a little more, and called out:

"Hi! You left your door open!"

Not hearing a response, Megan got more concerned and stepped a little farther into the apartment. She called out again, and this time she thought she heard a noise from the bedroom. Walking toward the bedroom she called out again, and this time she was sure she heard a noise.

Reaching the bedroom doorway, Megan looked in and was stunned by what she saw. She rushed in, shouting:

"Oh my god! Who did this to you?? Are you o.k.?"

It took her a moment to realize that the young woman had something stuffed in her mouth. Megan reached down and pulled out what she immediately recognized as panties, and then repeated her questions. As the young woman tried to talk, Megan pulled her phone out of her purse and said that she would call the police.

"No! Nobody...umm.. I... I... don't call the police...please."

Confused at first, Megan suddenly understood. "You did this yourself?"

"Yes... please...just untie me. This is so embarrassing..."

Megan leaned down and was going to start unfastening the ties, but then she stood back up. She stared at the young woman, and for the first time really noticed her body. She had full, firm breasts with large nipples, a flat stomach, and a neatly trimmed small bush of dark pubic hair. With her legs spread so open, the woman's labia were clearly visible.

"Well, I don't know about releasing you..."

"What!!?? Pleaaase release me! You have to!"

Megan looked down at the naked young woman and smiled—more of a smirk, really. "No, I don't. Besides, you should look at this as an opportunity."

"Opportunity??!! What are you talking about??

"Well, you clearly had a fantasy, and now we can act it out." Megan suddenly climbed on the bed and sat down heavily on the woman's mid-section.

"What are you doing?? Get off of me!"

"We're going to play a game...sort of like Truth or Dare. I'm going to ask you questions that will help me get to know you really well. Are you ready?"

"No! Get off of me!" Megan reached out and pinched the woman's left nipple.

"OW! What the hell are you doing??!!"

Megan pinched the nipple again and twisted it. The woman yelled in pain again. "Are you beginning to understand how this is going to work?" Megan asked.

"Ye...Yesss", the woman whimpered.

"Good. We'll start with the easy ones. What's your name?"

"Lucy Perez".

As she fondled and gently squeezed Lucy's breasts Megan said, "Well, I'm Megan, your neighbor. "Have you got a boyfriend or girlfriend, Lucy?"

Megan's warm hands actually felt good on her breasts, but Lucy said, "Please stop it."

Megan pinched and pulled at Lucy's nipples, and said, "Answer the question."

"Ow! No, I don't!"

"When did you have sex last?"

"That's none of your busi...OW!! O.K., o.k... it was about six months ago."

Megan released Lucy's nipples, smiled and said, "Well, that explains why you're horny. Was it with a guy or a girl?"

Lucy said, "With a guy—I'm not into women." 

Megan laughed, and ran her fingernails back and forth across Lucy's erect and now swollen nipples, which caused her to suck in her breath. Megan said, "We'll see about that." Then she got up from the bed and took off her pants.

Startled and concerned about Megan's intentions, Lucy sputtered, "What are you doing?? I answered your questions, so untie me!"

Stepping out of her panties, Megan looked over at Lucy and said, "Oh no—I'm not going to untie you just yet. We're just getting started." With that, she climbed back onto the bed, straddling Lucy's body again but this time facing her feet. As she scooted back toward Lucy's face, she asked, "Have you ever tasted a woman?"

Horrified, realizing what the other woman was going to do, Lucy said loudly, "No! Don't! I told you, I'm not..." Lucy quit talking and gasped for air as Megan settled her pussy and ass onto Lucy's face, covering her mouth and nose. 

As Lucy struggled to breathe, Megan said, "Stick your tongue in me." Lucy made protesting noises, so Megan said, "I won't let you breathe until you do." She emphasized the point by jabbing her fingernail into Lucy's right breast. Lucy let out a muffled scream and then tentatively pushed her tongue out. "That's it—now lick me." As Megan felt Lucy's tongue start to move back and forth, she raised up a little to give her some air. Then she settled her weight again and began to grind herself against Lucy's face. "The sooner you get me off, the sooner I get off you." She laughed at her own clever wordplay, and then moaned softly as Lucy's tongue did its work.

Megan leaned forward, stretched out her arm and began to softly rub Lucy's sex. Lucy responded immediately by letting out a muffled squeal and raising her hips. When Megan started finger fucking her, Lucy let out a long moan and began nibbling at Megan's tender parts. "Oh my god, that feels so good... you're a natural...", Megan gasped out. She took her finger out of Lucy, sat back and, as she felt her orgasm building, began to rub herself harder and faster on Lucy's face. 

With her nose pressed into Megan's ass and her mouth plastered against a very wet pussy, Lucy had the fleeting thought that she had become a human dildo. Suddenly Megan shuddered, and then stopped moving but uttered a long, drawn out "Ohhhh!" After a moment, Megan slowly got off the bed and stood up. "Good job, rookie. Now it's your turn."

Megan got between Lucy's widely-spread legs, leaned down and stared at her very exposed pussy. "My, my, what a nice sight. I think I see a little moisture dribbling out—are you sure you're not into women?"

Lucy quietly said, "I'm not...please let me go." But Lucy's thoughts and feelings were in turmoil. She had never felt so helpless and exposed, and she couldn't deny that she was excited—very excited.

"You mean you're not into women, or you're not sure if you are?" Megan asked with a smile. "Let's find out." With that, she moved forward and poked her tongue into Lucy, and then began to lick her. Using long, slow strokes she worked from the bottom to the top of Lucy's pussy for a couple of minutes, as Lucy moaned from deep in her throat. Then, using her thumb, Megan pulled back the hood over Lucy's clit and began to lick and suck the little nub. That caused Lucy to start rocking her pelvis up and down, and the pitch and volume of her moans got higher. Megan raised her head and said, "I think you really are into women—what do you think?"

Lucy knew she was being taunted, but in her lust-crazed state, all she could do was scream, "Don't stop! Don't stop!"

Megan smirked and said, "I'll take that as a "Yes", then she lowered her head, licked Lucy's clit hard one more time and then clamped her teeth on it.

Lucy let out a loud "Ahhh!!" raised her hips and then her body became rigid as a powerful orgasm swept through her. A moment later her body relaxed and sank back down on the mattress.

Megan looked down at Lucy for a moment, then retrieved her phone and walked back to the bed. Lucy, laying there with her face still covered with Megan's juices, was exhausted by her ordeal and had just been watching Megan without speaking. When she realized that Megan was starting to take pictures of her, though, she yelled, "Stop it! Stop it! Don't take my picture!"

Megan just smiled and said, "Honey, you're a hot mess and I think we should memorialize what you look like after your first time with a woman." Then she bent down, rubbed her fingers over Lucy's face to collect the juices, and then shoved her fingers in Lucy's mouth and rubbed them against her tongue. "Now you can say you've tasted a woman."