 Teresa, exhausted after watching the video that she had discovered the previous night, had fallen asleep almost as soon as her head touched the pillow. Anticipating that Jenni might be returning by the morning to greet Teresa, she was disappointed to wake up to a empty room, with barely an hour to spare before the first lecture of the day. Deciding that she needed to have a shower, she picked up her toiletries and proceeded to the communal bathroom.

Teresa's parents had been insistent that, should their daughter receive the best of education, that she must at least live in a all women's dorm. Believing that this might restrain their daughter from making any dire choices in the arms of a horny young man, Teresa smiles to herself as she enters the bathroom. 

It's not the boys they should've been worried about, Teresa mused to herself.

Removing her clothes as she prepared to have a shower, she exchanged some pleasantries with the other women in the bathroom. While her experience last night was still fresh in her mind, she drifted into a fantasy while she stepped into the hot water. Looking around at the bathroom, her mind started to change the shape of it, revealing something of a sinister and seductive imagination that she had. The room has tiled beautifully, thanks to the arts and interior design department, and the shower stalls offered ample space for the people using them. But in Teresa's mind, she saw something different entirely.

There was no privacy that was allowed, she thought. She imagined tall and cruel mistresses, assigned to the morning shift of toilet monitoring. The women, sorted upon applying to the university, were divided upon whom was submissive and who was dominate. Those who were submissive wore a collar of black leather, with a stainless ring to which a leash could be attached. The dominates, who were allocated specific shower time, would enter to the arms of the slaves who would care and ensure that their mistresses are well attended to.

The slaves would enter the room, already naked and present themselves to the mistresses and their attention. Should the slaves have to go to the toilet, they would be make to squat, humiliated, as the cold eyes of the mistress would monitor the slaves as they relieved themselves in front of an audience. Then checking to a health schedule, the mistresses-in-training would then apply, to the unlucky few, a enema of warm water. Chained to a leather horse, the nozzle would be unceremoniously forced up the anuses of the slaves, their moans and cries ignored as they are flushed. The sounds of the occasional slap to a naked ass would resound in the bathroom, mute testimony that even this ritual was not above punishment.

Then it would be time for the shower. A mistress-in-training would take a quick inspection of the slaves, noting any hair that would need to be removed and smelling to see if the skin and hair was to be washed. Lined up in a row of six, each slave is again chained to the wall, only this time their hands as well would be bound above their heads as they would wait, in the damp room, until the lowliness of slaves, those sentenced to duties for the crime of cheating on their mistresses, would come to clean them. Six disgraced slaves to clean six slaves apiece, the punishment evident from the looks on their faces, butt plugged and nipple clamped, they are forced to clean their betters slaves.

And they would be rough and cruel, thought Teresa, as she soaped her body and let her mind drift, forced to clean female body after female body, denied to pleasure themselves until they begged and groveled for their mistress forgiveness.

Feeling the tingle as her body became warmer and more sensitive to the ministrations of her shower, Teresa's mind continued to wander, as the mistresses would smile and joke among themselves, as the slaves squealed and moaned as their bodies were washed and scrubbed to sheen with the glow of soap and sweat, for the shower was indeed hot. It was not uncommon that the washing slaves would occasionally tease the vulva of their bound sister slaves, or to pinch the offered nipples. While the shower would not last any longer than ten minutes, all women by the end of their shower would be left panting and moaning, not from the heat of the water itself nor the touch of the women who had cleaned them, but for simply being six women in heat at the beginning of the day. Even though this was a daily event, it was noted this was the fastest way to make the women hot and ready and willing.

It is the drying, however, that presents the most unusual. The slaves, now free of the bondage that held them, would be given a few minutes to brush their teeth and attend to any parts of them that the washing slaves may have missed. They are then herded into a separate part of shower facility, where fresh towels, already warmed up, would be awaiting them. Ordered to quickly dry themselves, they are then told to bend over and present their anuses for inspection, holding their ass cheeks apart as they were scrutinized. It would not be uncommon to hear the moan of a slave as the mistress would taste a slave, or insert a finger into the proffered pussies on display. The problem with the inspection, many a slave will have mused, is that they can go on for as long as those that are inspecting them wishes it to. Oh, the shame of being bent over, ass and pussy on display for a mistress to deem acceptable!

Teresa woke herself up at that point, realizing that she had been pinching her nipples and caressing her ass. Realizing that she could be late for her class, she quickly turned the shower off and proceeded to dry herself. Opening her doors that gave her a sense of privacy, she was slightly relieved that there was no one to see her exit. Just when she thought herself in the clear and free to leave, she heard a moan from the next door. It was soft over the sound of water running, but Teresa heard it. On a impulse, she leant closer to the stall and listened. Sure enough, the unmistakable sound came again, and this time her imagination went into over-drive.

She imagined herself, collared and clean after the shower ritual, dried and inspected, when the head mistress of the morning shift would enter the room. Consulting a list, she informs the slaves in the room that one of them has earned additional points for service and has been granted the chance to come. The head mistress, however, was renowned for her imagination, and sure enough sat down and extended her leather clad boot in front of her. Ordering all the slaves to pay attention, she pointed to the petite red head, who obediently came forward. When she stood in front of the slave, she ran a finger along the very wet vulva, eliciting a shudder from the slave. Smiling cruelly, she pointed at her boot and the slave, blushing furiously, turned to face her sister slaves and lowered her aching pussy onto the boot.

It is particularly humiliating, being made to masturbate in front of people. To force yourself to display your most private of rituals, as you feel your body become looser and warmer and sweatier. The slaves, however, have long since abandoned the pretence of dignity, and will take pleasures where offered. It is with this mind-frame that the red head closes her eyes and begins to rub, slowly at first, and then with increasing vigor. However, not one to shy away from a willing audience, she begins to exaggerate her hips and her moans become louder and throatier. Pinching her own nipples, her eyes closed as she smells the room's scents, of horny wet cunts and hears the low moaning of the slaves enduring an enema.

The mistress, obviously aroused by the enthusiasm of the horny woman, watches closely as she is getting closer and closer to climax. All slaves are trained that self control over orgasm usually yields better experiences, and the mistress remembers her training well. Wrapping her hand in the luxurious red hair, she pulls the slave towards her, the slave's back arched as she runs her hands over the lithe body before her. Oh she is close! The women in the room, all silent, hear the erratic breathing, and the squelching of the slaves juices on the boot. Then, in the silence, the mistress whispers to the slave, and she comes, wailing and crying and begging, though she doesn't know what to beg for. Her orgasm envied and craved by some slaves, they watch with hungry eyes, knowing what she wants, what she craves, what they all crave. To be slaves, free forever bound in leather and chains....

Teresa shakes herself again, as the bathroom door has opened up and more women come in, chatting and laughing as their day begins. Teresa decides she needs to leave the bathroom and go back to her dorm room. If this is only the morning, what the hell will happen in the end of the day?