 Teresa stared at the screen, amazed at how tempting the offer stood before her. Just moments before, she had had one of the best orgasms in her life, sprawled on the chair as she watched the scene before her unfold. She felt relaxed, her hand on her pussy, not rubbing or caressing, but rather keeping her hand on herself , a reminder that there may be more to see. Slightly covered in a sheen of sweat, she held her breath anxiously as the woman on the screen adjusted her own naked self, a little bit more straight backed and her eyes coming to thoughts and emotions. Clearly, the woman was thinking about what she was about to say, and it surprised Teresa the sheer intelligence the woman had in just her commanding presence. Whatever the woman was about to offer, she had already thought about how to go about it.

The other two women in the scene have also adjusted themselves. The blonde,  eyes glazed with a sexual heat, simply sat on her haunches, her naked form open and blatantly on display to the camera. Jenni had been ordered away from the wall and now stood behind the woman. Teresa was startled to notice that Jenni seemed relaxed, despite the way she was switching from foot to foot. Evidently, she must be going crazy with a wet pussy but no permission to touch it.

Then the older woman, the one in charge, cleared her voice and spoke. Her voice was very rich and clear, and seemed comforble talking in the nude, as though she was simply discussing the weather.

“Hello Teresa, my name is Professor Lilith Smith, Lily to my friends. As you have probably guessed,  this video is obviously very sexual in nature, but you must be a bit curious as to who I am, and how it is this video came about coming into your possession’

‘I’m a professor currently teaching at the University opposite the one you attend. Rest assured that myself and Jenni are not breaking any rules that would implicate both her or I in any school rules. As you are both clearly over the age of 18, what we do with our own selves behind closed doors does not concern neither the board nor anyone else of authority.’

‘The reason for this tape coming to  you is that some of my colleagues, and a few of my lovers, have been noticing that you have been awkward lately around women, getting flustered and blushing a lot. One can deduce that you are clearly becoming attracted to the female form. This is a perfectly natural part of you, however sometimes it has been the trying times of young people to be able to explore their sexualities with like minded people so that they can grow and adapt to new experiences. With this in mind, about 12 years ago, I started to bring about me young women with intelligence and potential,  but also with the same feelings that you are currently experiencing. A natural dominate person, I tended to get submissive to follow me. Usually I have been able to secure some women while they live in my house while doing their courses, usually for 3 to 4 years. The only current submissive I have retained is Jo here’ Lily waved her hand in the direction of the blonde woman on her haunches.

‘Now, how does the idea of being able to explore your sexuality reflect on your life? I believe, that with daily exposure and conversation, one can break down many social taboo’s that you are engrained since childhood. This will result in three positive outcomes, which to this day have not been proven wrong to me. The first is that you will become less stressed about the small things in life. Having something about your personality secured and understood will mean that you will be more free and open to new ideas. This can only be achieved though constant exposure of your own naked self, because we can only create our own personality once we are comforble with our own skin.

‘The second benefit is that your sexual need will be taken care of. Now obviously I am not talking about you using your hand to relieve yourself. While living with me here in my house, I will constantly pit your imagination and enthusiasm through many different challenges and kinks. And while I confess that I will be undoubtly turned on my the display you will create for me, this will help you be able to concentrate on your studies and your social life outside of the house, as you will have a outlet that can help with stress as well as your personal goal of sexual satisfaction.

‘And finally, you will be safe and protected throughout the stay with us here. Yes, there is a measure of violence that comes with being here, whether that be by spankings and much more, but I make all the girls sign a contract that states that every two months, they go to a certified doctor of the uni campus to evaluate any threats to your health. I take no pleasure in permanently damaging anyone in my care. As you can see from Jo here, she enjoys any form of a spanking, while Jenni here has only just come into my care a month ago, but as you have guessed, she is more aroused by shame and her lust. Always bare in mind that I will have a safe word used before each session, and the use of it does not offend me. I want you to trust me, Teressa, and I value people’s trust more than others.

Now, I have one more thing to take care of, which is Jenni tonight. The reason why Jenni has been punished is that she refused to pleasure her mistress with her mouth, instead opting for a few minutes extra sleep. She has spent the day with a butt plug inserted and some of the professors that I know, and share in my lifestyle, have been delighted in calling Jenni into their office’s and have her present her ass, and compliment on just how much it’s going to receive tonight. Because the offence was made to me today, but it does not have any long reaching effects, I try and conclude the punishments by the end of the day.”

Teressa sat there, stunned. This sounds so much like a good deal, yet there was a panic rising up. How can she think to leave her dorm room and move in with a domineering mistress? What about all her friends, about the drama of convincing her parents that it’s better for her? No one would quite believe that moving into a house of a older woman for sexual satisfaction is without consequences! She sat up a bit more in the chair and watched the video, a bit more anxious now.

“Alright slut!” Mistress Lily barked to Jenni “go and get the black strap on! Yes, you know the one. Do you think I wasn’t going to fuck that nasty pussy of yours? Your right, maybe I should force it up that ass of yours and have you visit the teachers for a free fuck? Now, move!”

Jenni rushed out of the camera range, and by the sound of the running, she was going up some stairs. Then Mistress Lily turned to Jo, a cruel smile on her lips.

“When the slut comes back, you’ll be putting on the strap, whore. But I’ve already taken that ass of yours too far, so you won’t get anything else, you pain slut” said Mistress Lily. Jo looked disappointed, but as soon as Jenni came back with the strap-on, she cleared up. Standing up, she proceed to wrap the strap-on on herself, while Mistress Lily hugged Jenni form behind.

“Your going to mount that cock, whore, and I’m going to cane you” said Mistress Lily “ and you’re going to not come until I tell you to. If you do come before I give permission, tomorrow I’m going to call up some of my friends, and you’ll be there pet for a day. I can only imagine how much you’ll be sorry by if you do”.

Jenni, looking scared (or was that a curl of a smile on her lips) walked over to Jo, who lay on her back, a black shining dildo standing proud from her loins. It wasn’t so much long as it was thick, about six inches high but at least three, maybe four wide. The purpose of the dildo, Teressa assumed, was to force the hips out lewdly for the cane. Jenni also came to that conclusion, bending her wet pussy by her knees on to the cock. She moaned quite wantonly at the entrance, while Mistress Lily walked to a side of the room and picked up a simple yet flexible cane.

“Jo, tease and pinch her nipples while I cane the slut. Do every trick on her nips as you can, because the more I think about my friends and her ass, I almost come!  Jenni, you’ll receive six of the best and your hips better keep moving in rhythm. Ah such obedience! Look at you, you whore! Jo’s biting your nipples as all you can do is moan like a bitch in heat! Right, you better count these, because if you miss one, you earn another stripe, is that clear?” Cooed Mistress Lily, clearly aroused by the sight, her hand rubbing her cunt-lips while she witness the display.

“Yes, mistress! Oh, Please hurry, your Slut wants to come so much!” cried Jessi, seemingly forgotten about the camera and the fact that her roommate will be watching her.

Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK! “One Mistress, thank you!”

 Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK! “OOh, Two mistress, thank you!”

Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK!  “Arrgghh, T-three mistress, thank you”

Mistress Lily had paused her assault, while she heard her two sluts moaning and withering. Jo may have one side of the dildo in her own seeping pussy, but it does not mean she is not being affected. Kissing and licking and biting the nipples before her, she fights valiantly not orgasm herself, as she needs her mistress’s permission. Jenni, on the other hand, her hips moving on their own accord now, seemed beside herself with lust, as well as the mix of her burning ass and full pussy. 

Damn, she’s going to come soon if Mistress Lily doesn’t start again, said Teressa, her hand once again finding it’s home between her legs. Teressa, with a sudden inspiration, decides to get onto her knees, and opens her legs lewdly. It feels so naughty, yet her body sings with the thrill of the blood rush and her pussy, exposed to cool air, begs to be caressed, to be touched till it’s satisfied. Oh, how the scene’s turn her on so!

Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK! “Ooo-hh, Four Mistress, Thank you!!”

Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK! Sobbing now, the “Five Mistress, thank you!” could barely be heard over the strain of the woman being punished. All Jenni could do now was dig her nails into her palms, forcing herself to not come. The ministrations of Jo beneath her were tantalizing, and  Jenni really did not want to be a piece of fuck meat to her Mistress friends, even though it causes her mind to go into over-drive of swollen cunt lips and heaving breasts. 

Ssswwiiisshh-CRACK! “Oh, thank you Mistress, that’s six Mistress, please can I come Mistress?!”

“Not yet!” Barks Mistress Lily, as she places the cane down and walks over to the women fucking on the carpet. Standing in front of Jenni, who is bouncing harder and harder on the plastic cock, Mistress Lily opened her legs and showed Jenni her wet pussy.

“You see this, you slut? This morning all I asked was that you lick me, but no, you only thought about yourself! Isn’t this nice, juicy pussy with the attention, or is it your own sleep important?” Mistress Lily cooed, as she fingered her own pussy in front of the anxious Jenni.

“I’m so sorry Mistress, let me make it up to you Mistress, let me make you come1 I’m a worthless slut who only thinks about herself, please let me make you come Mistress, I want to make you happy Mistress” wailed Jenni, so close to the edge now.

“Good Slut!” Shouted Mistress Lily, as she forced the eager mouth onto her pussy. She might as well have used a vacuum, Jenni sucked so hard! She was close now herself, and satisfied from tonight’s session, that she decided the reward should be appropriate now.

“Slut’s, cum now!! Fuck each other, hurt each other, scream……!” Screamed Mistress Lily, as her whole body convulsed in her orgasm. She was faintly aware that Jenni was holding her by the hips, so that she would not fall.

Jenni slammed herself down on Jo, knowing the vibrations would tip Jo over the edge. Sure enough, Jo started to buck her hips Just as Jenni orgasm herself, her Mistress throbbing pussy in her mouth and her cunt full. She knows she’s come wet, as the inner legs of both herself and Jo are soaked with her juices, their tangy smell filling the room with heat.

And Teressa came, eyes rolling into her head as she heard the loud fucking in the background. Her body shook, her hips moving on the power of orgasm, until she too moaned loudly as she came, images of punished red asses and doleful eager faces with wet cunts crashed into her, until her fingers touched her clit again and she lost all control of herself!!!

Yes, she thought, I will defiantly check this offer out. I wonder when Jenni will get back?