 You were lying there, pretending to sleep as I went in the other room and pretended to slip into something a little sexier. I'm sure you were imagining lace in some combination of black and red- vampy vixen style, since I'd promised you bits of velvet. What I hadn't told you, is where the velvet would go. 

Once, when I was trying out for the Vagina Monologues, I was asked the question: What would my vagina wear? The answer is: combat boots, my well-worn motorcycle leather, and a strap-on. I tucked the black, loose ends into my art-jeans, you know, the ones with holes, and paint splotches all over them? I tightened the clasps, tugged at my crotch hard and grinned as I heard you turn up the music. As if I was a bit loud when you and I were fucking... the nerve. I pulled my cyber-skin cock up and to the side, snug against my purple and velvet corset strap-on, and zipped myself up. My nipples harden underneath my gray t-shirt, and I walk out of the extra room and into the bedroom, where you are waiting for me. 

This is part of the game. The waiting. Sitting there, or lying there anticipating how it's going to feel when I run my fingers across your skin. How it feels when I tease your nipples with your ridged a-frame, or barely wet them with my soft, moist tongue. Then, there's my anticipation and how I revel in how process feels. Often, before masturbating, before even beginning to touch myself, I'll close my eyes and imagine how it felt when you ran your hands across my body. How it feels to have you catch my nipples, gently with your thumbs, teasing them and then sliding your palms against my breasts. No one has yet to top the feelings you coax out of me, just by running your fingers across my skin. It is so easy for me sometimes to forget what feels good and what annoys me during sex. You slow me down. You remind me to relax and enjoy the build up, to enjoy anticipating where you'll touch me next. But this time, it's not about me. At least not yet. It's about you, and the way I know you're getting nervous in the next room, waiting for me to come back in, wearing something meant specifically to turn you on. 

The door handle turns, and I open the door. Your eyes are closed and the TV is still flickering from whatever film we ended up distracted from. The music pumps, soft and low, Enigma, and I start to smile. You're learning me so quickly. My pussy is throbbing behind my jeans and I'm walking slow, stalking you, waiting for you to acknowledge my presence, acknowledge the effect I need to see on you. My boots stop at the edge of the bed. A rarity, after your surgery, you're turned on your side, facing my crotch directly and I wait... three beats. Five... ten heartbeats and I tap my foot and run my fingers across your face, tracing down under your chin, caressing your neck. I hear your breathe quicken and your eye lids flutter- a desperate attempt to stay quiet and focused. My nails catch your throat and I dig them in, tilting your head up, watching your face. I have been in this place.

This place is quiet, and just for a moment, I close my eyes with you, taking myself back to the struggle behind eyelids, and twisting fingers. The struggle I know well, of staying quiet and hoping, hoping, my lover will keep touching me... just ... a little... lower, just there. This bond of silence seems to add an edge of painful enjoyment to my fucking. As if through silence, I could will you on to touching me exactly where I want you too, speaking only body to body- a language of moans and hip thrusts. My eyes open and you're looking at me. You've caught me unawares and I thread my fingers gently into your hair, then pull your neck roughly back- hard. I've caught you on the sharp edges on myself, and my fingernails are digging into your scalp, a firm grip on your hair, your eyes watering and open, looking at me. 

I sneer down at you, and unzip my pants. "Take off your clothes" I order, and watch you scramble to do exactly what I tell you, struggling a little on your sports bra, getting caught and then turning to me, half sitting half reclining, waiting for my next command. 

"Lie down. On your side. Keep your eyes open. I want you to see this. I want to see every inch of my cock going down your throat. Ever sucked a dick before? Well now, you're going to suck my dick, and you're going to really, really enjoy me fucking your mouth." Your mouth falls open just a little and my smirk gets broader. God, I'm going to enjoy sliding into your mouth and watching your eyes as I slide deep, behind your teeth. My thoughts are sliding all over the place as I watch you shift into position. I'm wishing I had the ability to fuck both your cunt and your mouth, but I haven't figured out the mechanics of that with you yet. I'm not worried. We have time. Goddess, I love fucking you. 

By now, you've managed to make it into position and I began realize there is so much potential for this little 6 inch cock I bought, as I slide my index finger into your mouth. My hips arch up and my nipples harden again, as I feel the moist warmth of your mouth, against first one and then two of my fingers. I slowly fuck your face, and watch you suck my fingers down, tonguing them and biting gently against the tips as I pull out and push them back in. It's the way your mouth feels like a cunt, the way your tongue tries to pull me down your throat, and the motion of fucking in and out of your mouth that's making my hips rock. Do you know the effect you have on me? When you only need to suck on my fingers and promise the potential of your tongue, and I've already soaked through my panties. Not many lovers have done that. I don't think you know. Goddess, my cunt is wet just writing to you about this. I'm aching for you. 

"Pay attention." My own voice snaps me out of the revere your tongue has put me into, and I pull my dick out of my jeans, and your vibrator out of my leather jacket pocket. I hand you the vibrator. "I want to be fucking your face when you cum. I want my dick in your throat when you're cumming. Put that on your clit now." I watch you stretch out into a different position, placing the little butterfly vibrator against your large clit, slipping the thin part under your hood. Tugging my jeans down just past my butt, just enough to allow me to slide into your mouth, without cutting your face on my zipper, I turn your head to me with my right hand. I tilt your face up and look into your eyes. You ok with this? At your nod, I relax and push your face down. "Suck my dick." and then I giggle a little. I glance down and see your hand holding the base of my cock and your tongue licking my head, and my breath stops. My throat goes dry and I slowly push my hips forward. You open your mouth and let me into you, as I watch your chest, breath in and out, and your nipples harden inside your scars. Goddess, I love seeing you naked. As my dick slides into your mouth, you grab my ass with your right hand, and guide your vibrator with your left. 

I'm watching a piece of myself, I can't feel, slide down your throat and come out of your mouth, slick and I begin to ache to have something I can feel inside of you. You are so sexy. I pull your mouth hard onto my cock to distract you, and bend over the bed, propping myself up with my right arm, and parting the lips of your cunt with my left. Omg. You are so wet. That thought soaks my jeans as I slide my middle finger deep into your pussy and I feel you arch up, gasping, into me. Fuck, I like being the person who makes you moan. My hips start thrusting faster into your mouth and you grasp my ass, hard, pulling me into you as my middle finger fuck slow and deep into your cunt. Your cunt is so wet against my fingers, against my palm, that I slide a second finger in next to the first and I feel the vibrations as you moan against my cock. Oh god. If this was a real dick, I would have just exploded into your mouth. My fingers fuck you faster, sliding into you a little bit harder, tapping that spot just behind your pubic bone that you love me touching so much when I have my tongue on your clit. I begin to forget which part of this was the fantasy as your thrust into my hands, working deep into your cunt. Omg, I am so ready to hear you cum, but I slow down. Just a little. I want it to be good for you too. My body is so close to cumming, that if you touched my clit I would explode. 

My fingers thrust into you, solid, hard, curving up into the shape of your cunt as my dick thrust down, solid, hard, into your mouth, filling you from both angles, and making your hips push back into me, and the fingers you have on my ass, clench harder and harder, pushing me forward, into you. 

I can't hold back much longer from touching myself, so I slide deeper, harder, faster into your cunt, pushing you further as your vibrator buzzes your clit, and I watch your body writhing. Did you know the noises you make, are what makes me so desperate to cum under your fingertip, your dick, whatever you want to use on me? Your noises get louder and my dick starts to hum, as your pussy, your cunt, starts to clench around my fingers. I don't stop fucking you, and you begin to scream around my cock, as the vibrator and my fingers finally push you over the edge- into orgasm. 

As you cum around my fingers, around my dick, I slowly, gently pump into your clenchings and then pull myself out of your mouth, to lie down on top of you, my dick resting near your cunt, making your clit jump as you squirm to turn off the vibrator. I brush the hair out of your eyes and whisper, "Thanks babe for that. I fucking love making you cum. Let me know when you feel up to it, because I really need you to fuck me now. " 

You get that glint in your eye, and start to grin, and my whole body begins to squirm, as you casually draw a gloved finger between my ass cheeks and slip just the tip into my asshole.

I can't wait.