 THE UNUSUAL SUCCUBUS

Rupert sat quietly on his chair and examined the egg. It was somehow obvious that this was no ordinary egg, it came from no bird and would not be hatched beneath one.

The man was a novice hiker, but he liked it and tried to do it as much as possible. He had been on a day trip to a nearby national park when he heard what sounded like a mild explosion nearby. As he searched for the source of the sound he stumbled across a large patch of grass that appeared to have been burned away. In the center of this unusual clearing was the egg, surprisingly clean and perfectly untouched. Normally Rupert would do the right thing and leave nature the way he found it, but something about the egg called to him, and he obeyed.

Unlike the usual eggs that one would possibly encounter in the park this one was excessively large, the size of a bowling ball. The color was even stranger, fuchsia with a hint of dark purple at the tip. The texture of the shell may have been normal, and once the egg hatched he would have an idea how thick it was, although that situation would have more interesting consequences.

Once home he managed to keep it a secret, he waited until his wife and daughter were sound asleep the snuck the egg into his study and hid it under his desk. He had no idea why he didn't want the rest of his family to see his discovery, but once the deception began it was easy to continue.

Rupert shifted his position slightly and took another photograph of it. The egg had somehow gotten bigger since its arrival, it was now the size of a child and showed no signs of stopping.

"Well," he said to himself, "At least I don't have to feed you. Not yet, anyway."

Suddenly there was a knock on the door. "Rupert?" It was his wife.

"Yes dear?"

"You just got a message from Dan, he says there is an emergency at one of the stores across state."

"Shit. Things must have gotten worse." He said to no-one in particular. He quickly threw a sheet over the egg then got up and left the room, making sure not to give her a good look inside.

"Elizabeth," he said to her, "I was worried this might happen. I'll probably have to spend a few nights out of the house."

"Oh no."

"Don't worry, I won't possibly be gone for even a week, the boys and I just have to get things in working order again, but I'll have to leave first thing after dinner."

The meal was simple, their daughter was staying with a friend so Elizabeth had only prepared a chicken salad, which despite the impending separation they ate in silence. After he had packed a suitcase Rupert suddenly had an urge to check on the egg once more, luckily Elizabeth was in the back garden watering the flowers.

It was strangely dark in the study, for a brief moment he wondered if the bulb was malfunctioning, but he was in a hurry so he ignored it. Suddenly he noticed that the carpet around his desk was wet, a closer inspection revealed that the liquid was not water but something slightly thicker but still mostly clear, it also had a slightly familiar musky smell. He slowly walked around the desk to check on the egg.

Lying beneath the solid wooden surface in a pile of thin broken eggshell and even more of the unknown liquid was a woman, naked and sticky. She looked tall, (taller than Rupert in any case) her fiery red and very long, her skin pearly white. His first instinct was to take a turn away, but the temptation to peek was too great and he turned back, only to be greeted by the woman watching him with mild interest.

"Hell . . . hello?" He said meekly.

"Hi there," she responded with a grin.

The strange woman ran her left hand along her breasts and down all the way to her left knee.

"Well, are you going to help me out of here or just stand there and enjoy the view?"

He broke out of his shock long enough to make a quick judgement and help her out from under the desk. One she was free she stood up and stretched her glistening legs, then idly began to play with her breasts while looking slightly amused.

"So," she cooed, "I guess you're in charge now. I shall call you master, what shall my name be?"

Rupert was taken aback, but eventually managed to reply, "What do you mean? What are you?"

She licked her lips, then said, "Why I'm a succubus of course."

"Really! So, do you want to fuck then?"

"Strangely enough, no. How about you give me a name and then we see how I feel."

"Right of course," he said. He thought about it for a second, then into his head popped the image of his secretary, "How about Mona?"

"A name is a name."

"Well, how about you suck my cock?"

"I don't think so master. I'm not in the mood, and if I'm not mistaken, you are in a hurry."

He remembered, "Shit. All right, I guess I'll be gone for a few days, there's no time limit on this deal is there?"

"No master."

"Great. I'll hurry back as fast as I can, while I'm gone you stay in here."

"Naked?"

"Hmmm . . . how about you wait until my wife is out of the house then borrow some of her clothes."

"Is there anything in particular you would like me to wear master?"

"Something slutty, if possible. Just be careful."

He left the room and ran out to the car in a hurry, forgetting to say goodbye to his wife. He had certain other things on his mind.

Elizabeth spent the night in the house without noticing the new guest, and early the next morning went out to a local mall for groceries. She arrived home with an SUV packed to the brim with bags full of food and clothing, enough food to last a month and a fresh set of winter-wear.

The front door was ajar, and she dropped the first two bags next to it and rushed inside to make sure nothing bad had happened. It wasn't until she was sure the first floor looked safe that she noticed the strange woman seated on her favorite sofa.

"Hello there," the stranger said. She was wearing an old red sleeveless dress, and Elizabeth could tell she had no underwear on as she had her knees far enough apart to give a clear view. She stayed in this position long enough to give a clear impression, the seductively crossed her legs.

Elizabeth cautiously responded, "Hello yourself, would it be terribly rude if I were to ask who you may be?"

"Not rude at all. I'm a . . . friend of your husband, my name is Mona."

"Nice to meet you Mona. I'm sorry, but we apparently haven't met before. How well do you know Rupert?"

"Not very well I'm afraid. I'm very pleased to meet you too. Would you like some help?"

Elizabeth considered the offer for a second. The woman seemed strange in some unquantifiable way, but not frightening, and there were a lot of bags. She gave an affirmative nod and headed back out of the room to begin.

The first bags she put on the kitchen counter, Mona copied this as closely as possible. By the third trip out the two women were a good few feet apart, with Mona trailing behind. Elizabeth just reached the kitchen again when she felt a pair of hands on the inside of her legs. She quickly turned on the spot, but to her surprise Mona was well out of reach.

"That was a little odd," Elizabeth muttered, flashing Mona a shy smile.

Mona responded by locking eyes and biting her bottom lip seductively, but Elizabeth barely noticed.

By the seventh trip inside the kitchen was packed full, especially the counter, so Elizabeth had to bend over in order to put her bags down on the floor. Just as she reached the peak of this maneuver, when she was most exposed she suddenly felt a cool breeze against her behind, as though the bottom of her dress had been lifted.

Her fist instinct was to reach around and check, but she decided against this and awkwardly stoop up instead. Once more she looked to Mona but again she was not close enough. The rest of the job went by without incident.

"Thank you so much for the help," Elizabeth said with genuine emotion, "I usually don't buy so much, but when I do it is pretty damn tiring."

"It was my pleasure to assist you," Mona replied, "You do seem tired, why don't you take a seat?"

Elizabeth knew the doors on the SUV were still unlocked, but something about Mona's voice made her legs feel weak, so she wandered to the sofa and collapsed onto it. Mona followed her into the room, waited until she was sitting down, then knelt in front of her.

The extremely tired mother felt her body giving out and slowly slid down until her ass was near the edge of the seat and her head was buried in the cushions. She vaguely realised that now her own knees were just a little too far apart, exposing her black silk panties to the world.

"You really are tired," Mona said softly.

"Yes, I feel tired."

"How about we wake off those uncomfortable heels and relax a little then?"

"Can't think of a reason to say no. Could you help?"

Mona moved forward and gingerly lifted Elizabeth's left foot, then gently removed the heel and tossed it away.

"Is that a bit better?"

"Oh, yes, much better."

The other heel was gone in no time then, before Mona could be dissuaded, she leaned forward and ran her tongue from Elizabeth's foot up to her knee.

In some part of her mind Elizabeth resisted, but for some reason could not find the energy to rise up and complain. In light of this, Mona moved on to the next step by reaching beneath Elizabeth's skirt and running her nails along the soft surface beneath.

"Ooooooooooooh noo," Mary moaned in distress, "You shouldn't do that."

"Why not?" Mona replied innocently while continuing the stroking.

"For one thing, we barely know each other, but most of all, I'm not in to women."

"What about your husband?"

"I forgot. Anyway, I'm still not a lesbian."

"Neither am I."

Mona gently lifted Elizabeth's ass off the surface of the sofa and pulled off her panties, letting them drop to the carpet below.

"Mona!" Elizabeth said, begin to feel alarmed at the turn of events, "Please stop that . . . ."

Mona ignored the command and ever so slowly pushed Elizabeth's knees even further apart.

"I'm telling you, I'm not into women, there is nothing you can do that would change things," inside she could feel her willpower slipping away.

"Don't be so sure," Mona said with a sly grin, "I'm an expert, and we can stop whenever you want, all you have to do is push me away."

"Really?"

Mona nodded, "Of course. Just let me make one move."

"I guess one isn't that many . . . ."

Elizabeth relaxed a little and the succubus moved her head forward, then in a flash stuck her tongue between the soft folds and licked around.

"Oh God," Elizabeth moaned while her remaining resistance snapped.

She reached down and grabbed the top of Mona's head, pushed it away for a second, then forced it between he legs once more.

Mona wasted no time and started coating Elizabeth's inner surfaces with saliva while she she stroked the enraptured mother's thighs, in no time Mona's face was covered in warm juices.

"Oh yes, oh God keep going Mona!"

Elizabeth frantically unbuttoned her top and pushed her bra aside, then began to tweak her nipples and massage the soft flesh around them.

There was not a sound in the room other than the wet noises between Elizabeth's legs and the soft moaning from her mouth. Mona worked slowly and precisely, and in no time Elizabeth's began to move back and forth in a gentle rhythm.

"Oh fuck, that feels amazing!"

Again and again Mona kissed the lips before her, softly but firmly, alternating from one to the other at random. Elizabeth grabbed onto her knees and spread her legs as far as possible, then began running her hands across her face and through her hair in ecstasy.

Mona removed her tongue from the wet hole and began flicking it across Elizabeth's engorged clitoris, making sure to keep no detectable pattern in her movements. Elizabeth began whimpering and her movements became frantic.

"Please, it's too much. Please let me come."

With an earth shattering scream she did, her nails digging into the soft cushions while she buckled her hips. The pleasure shot through her like a bolt of lightning from deep inside all the way to the tips of her fingers.

The triumphant succubus slowed down and let Elizabeth experience the most pleasure she had ever felt, using her tongue just enough to extend the experience for as long as possible.

It ended peacefully, and after a few minutes of silence Elizabeth grabbed Mona's shoulders and pushed her away.

"Mona," she said in a whisper, "The was the single greatest experience of my life."

"I'm very glad to have served you."

"Are you in a hurry to leave?"

"Not yet, but perhaps you should go up to bed and regain your strength. I'll be ready."

"Oh, all right," Elizabeth said, getting up and leaving the room, "Could you just do me one favor while I'm asleep?"

"Anything."

"When Lauren gets home don't mention any of this to her. Maybe you even could encourage her to stay with a friend again or something."

"Don't worry Elizabeth, I'm sure I can handle your daughter . . . ."