 Once inside the front door Sam guided Ginny to the living room.

"I'm just gonna go and get us some drinks," she said as she headed to the kitchen, "white wine ok?"

"That's fine." said Ginny as she made herself comfortable on the settee.

When Sam entered the living room she handed Ginny a glass and said, "I don't know about you but when I go to someone's house for any length of time I always take my coat off."

Ginny smiled, "Well, as long as you're going to join me and make sure I keep warm."

At this Ginny stood up, removed her coat and tossed it over the back of a nearby armchair.

Sam took a sip from her glass as she stood admiring the sexy, young body in front of her. 

Noticing Sam's gaze, Ginny did a slow twirl for her host, "I hope you approve," she said. She then proceeded to move behind Sam and unzipped her dress letting it fall to the floor once again. Without pausing she unclipped her bra and lowered it down her arms before moving her hands around and squeezing Sam's breasts, gently pulling on her nipples the same way she used to pull on her own.

Sam's breathing had started to become ragged, "Let's move this into the bedroom," she said, "we can get more comfortable there."

Sam took Ginny's hand and led her to her bedroom where a spacious king-sized bed awaited them. "Make yourself comfortable," she said, "I'll be back in a minute."

Puzzled as to why her new lover had left her, Ginny placed her wine on the bedside table and lay on top of the covers running her hands over her breasts and feeling between her legs. She was wet in anticipation of what was to come and burning like a furnace. She dipped a finger into her love-hole and closed her eyes imagining Sam was with her.

"No starting without me." said Sam as she re-entered the room, holding her glass which was chinking due to the addition of ice-cubes. She placed her glass next to Ginny's, slipped out of her panties and climbed onto the bed, hovering over Ginny before lowering her body onto her and placing a passionate kiss on her lips. Their tongues were soon dancing together as they dipped into each other's mouths. Ginny reached down with her hands and grasped Sam's butt, squeezing and massaging the cheeks; she desperately wanted to get her hands to Sam's pussy but couldn't stretch them far enough.

Sam gave a playful bight on Ginny's bottom lip before turning her attention to her neck, slowly lowering her kisses until she was at Ginny's breasts. She licked all over them before taking her right nipple between her lips and sucking on it long and hard; meanwhile her right hand was caressing her left breast alternating between light strokes and firm squeezes, occasionally flicking the nipple with one of her fingers. Ginny was lost in a world of pleasure, not knowing where to concentrate her attention but feeling the familiar sensation of arousal in her groin. She was no longer able to reach Sam's butt and had to content herself with running her fingers through Sam's luxurious red curls whilst enjoying the sensations spreading through her body.

Sam continued her journey down Ginny's body, kissing her abdomen and licking her belly button but before she continued any lower she reached for her glass, taking a large swig of the wine and swirling it around in her mouth before swallowing. After this she quickly moved her lips between Ginny's spread legs and straight on to her pussy. Ginny gasped at the feeling of an ice-cold tongue on her burning pussy and grabbed at Sam's head pulling it up tight against her mound, moaning incessantly at the incredible feelings she was experiencing. Sam was now in her element, eating the pussy of a beautiful woman and swallowing as much of the freely flowing juices as she was able.

"Sam," called Ginny, "bring your legs up here - I want to eat you at the same time."

Sam quickly adjusted position so that her succulent pussy lips were now hovering over Ginny's face. Ginny grasped Sam's bum cheeks and pulled the inviting pussy to her mouth, almost instantly inserting her tongue into Sam and extending it as far as she possibly could before pumping it in and out in her best impression of a penis. Sam was squirming at Ginny's attentions and was finding it difficult to concentrate on the task before her, but she lowered her head again and returned to nuzzling Ginny's heavenly pussy. 

Ginny had now extracted her tongue from Sam's hole and was giving long hard licks the length of Sam's pussy, starting them very close to Sam's anus and licking all the way up to her clit before continuing the journey south again. With each lick she was applying more and more pressure, increasing the pleasure experienced by Sam every time.

Sam broke away from what she was doing, "Are you sure you've never eaten pussy before today?" she asked, "Cos if not you're a bloody natural."

Ginny didn't respond but increased the speed and pressure of her tongue even more before finally concentrating her attention on Sam's clit. Her fingers were pulling Sam's lips apart so that the little bud was protruding, and Ginny took it between her lips and sucked hard.

"Oh my God, oh my God, oh my fucking God!" screamed Sam, "That tongue of yours is a-fucking-mazing."

Sam then collapsed on top of Ginny, pinning her to the bed while she recovered her breath. Ginny just lay there, pleased with the result of her second pussy eating session and happy at the feeling of Sam's body on top of her.

After a couple of minutes Sam raised her head and looked over her shoulder at Ginny who lay there smiling at her. 

"You have got to let me make you come," said Sam, "You've given me two amazing orgasms - I need to make you come too."

"Help yourself." laughed Ginny, as she spread her legs as wide as she could.

Sam got up from the bed and took hold of Ginny's legs, swivelling her round so that she was now lying across the bed with her legs draped over the side. Sam then knelt between her legs and placed them over her shoulders, taking another long gulp of wine before placing her lips firmly against Ginny's pretty peach of a pussy. Ginny gasped again at this fantastic sensation and used her hands to pull Sam's mouth as tightly as possible against her cunny, writhing in sheer ecstasy as she did so. With her right hand Sam reached beneath her bed and extracted an open shoe box in which she kept her dildo collection. Briefly pulling her mouth away from Ginny's tasty pussy, she selected one of her favourites, a beaded glass one which she knew would produce incredible sensations in Ginny's love hole.

She placed the end in her mouth to wet it in readiness and then stroked it along Ginny's lips.

Ginny, who had been unaware of what Sam was up to asked, "What the hell is that?"

"Just a little treat for you, my love." replied Sam as she continued to stroke the end of the dildo along Ginny's lips, teasing the entrance to her honey pot before finally starting to insert the tip of the 8-inch dildo into Ginny's pussy. The dildo was a curved one and Sam made sure that she inserted it with the curve heading upwards so that it should make contact with Ginny's G-spot. She eased it in gently, each glass ball being slightly larger than the preceding one and giving it occasional half turns to maximise Ginny's pleasure. Ginny's breathing was becoming ragged and Sam now began fucking Ginny with the dildo, moving it in and out at an increasing pace. Ginny was mauling her own breasts and pulling at her nipples.

"Oh, fuck yes." screamed Ginny, "Yes, do me - screw me - that's so fucking good!"

As Sam pushed the dildo into Ginny as quickly and as far as she could, Ginny finally climaxed, and a stream of juices flooded out of her pussy. Sam quickly extracted the dildo and placed her mouth against Ginny, lapping for all she was worth; pussy juice should not be allowed to go to waste! She licked all that she could from Ginny's pussy and thighs before getting on the bed next to Ginny. She turned to face her and gave her a long kiss, extending her juice covered tongue into her mouth so that Ginny could get a taste of her own cum. Ginny sucked on Sam's tongue, savouring the taste, whilst caressing her lover's breasts, pinching her nipples with one hand and stroking her cheek with the other.

"Thank you," she said, "I haven't had a climax like that for God knows how long."

She kissed Sam tenderly on the lips and put her arm around her waist, snuggling her body up against her and dozed off.

Sam's alarm went off at 6:30 am. As she opened her eyes she realised that Ginny was no longer beside her. She propped herself up on her elbows and saw the top of Ginny's head beside the bed.

"What you up to, lover?" she enquired.

Ginny stood up holding Sam's box of toys, "Just exploring your collection." she said.

"Well," said Sam, "I've got about an hour before I need to get ready for work. How about we have some play time?"

Ginny smiled and placed the box near Sam on the bed before climbing back on. 

"Anything in particular take your fancy?" asked Sam.

"I was kind of admiring this one." said Ginny, lifting a seventeen-inch monster from the box.

"Good choice," said Sam, "It's one for the two of us. You suck one end while I suck the other to get it nice and wet." she instructed.

Ginny did as she was told. 

"Nothing like a real cock." she stated.

"It's not intended to give oral pleasure," said Sam "Just you wait till we've both got this baby inside us."

She instructed Ginny to sit facing her with her legs apart, admiring the view on offer. Sam then proceeded to place one end of the dildo into her pussy, instructing Ginny to do likewise. They had both inserted about four inches when Sam began thrusting, pushing more of the dildo into Ginny. Ginny let out a squeal and thrust back, fucking Sam with the dildo. They built up a regular motion taking turns to thrust until almost all of the dildo was inside them; Sam reached across and toyed with Ginny's clit with two of her fingers producing a low moan from Ginny. She then raised herself onto her knees and knelt over Ginny pumping her pussy up and down on the dildo which had the effect of pushing the dildo further into Ginny. Ginny reached up and grasped Sam's breasts, squeezing them and moulding them with her fingers. They both came within seconds of each other and collapsed in a sweaty mass on the bed.

After taking a couple of minutes to recover, Sam made her way to the bathroom to shower. Ginny followed her and sat on the toilet seat watching her as she showered. Sensing Ginny's eyes upon her Sam made a show of lathering her curves, encouraging her nipples to grow and soaping her smooth snatch. Ginny was idly playing with herself whilst taking in the show on offer, dipping her fingers into her pussy and licking the juices off her fingers.

Once finished Sam left the shower, grabbed a towel and started drying herself.

"Have you ever had a threesome?" enquired Ginny.

"Wow, you do come out with the direct questions don't you," replied Sam, "why do you ask? Fed up with me already?"

"No, no way!" exclaimed Ginny, "But have you?"

"Well there is this girl at the store who has a twin sister and I meet up with them occasionally - about once a month or so. You wouldn't believe the things they do to each other! They are great fun though - do you want to try a foursome with them?"

"Maybe some time." said Ginny, "I was thinking more about one involving a guy."

"You know I'm not into men." said Sam, "Is it something you want to do?"

"Well," said Ginny, "you remember Jack, my step-dad?"

"Of course," said Sam "You little perv, you got a thing for your mum's fellah?"

"Sort of," said Ginny, blushing slightly, "you see it's his 40th birthday coming up and I wanted to give him something special, something he'll remember and I kind of thought a threesome with us would be something he would never forget."

Sam ran her fingers through Ginny's hair, lifted her chin up and kissed her tenderly on the lips.

"Give me a couple of days to think about it," she said, "It's a bit of a shock and I want to think it over."

"Course, no pressure Sam. I wouldn't want this to change anything between us; I just got the idea when I noticed how much he was ogling you at the pool."

"Okay," said Sam, "Jump in the shower if you want and help yourself to something from my wardrobe - you're gonna need something to wear home!"

She smiled at Ginny as she left the bathroom to apply her make-up and get ready for work.

Ginny quickly showered and towelled herself dry before joining Sam in the bedroom where she stopped briefly to admire Sam's skilful application of make-up.

Noticing her watching, Sam said "Did a course in fashion make-up at college. Had all these big dreams about getting into TV or films as a make-up artist and I end up as a bloody sales assistant in a store."

"I'm sorry it didn't work out for you," said Ginny, "but I'm glad for me. I would never have met you if you hadn't been there to serve me yesterday."

Sam smiled at Ginny in the mirror, "Every cloud." she said simply before continuing with her make-up.

Ginny turned her attention to Sam's wardrobe and selected a tight fitting black three-quarter length jumper which left her abdomen on show matched with a pair of denim hot pants.

"Braless and commando eh?" said Sam. "You sure don't like to overdress do you?"

"Your bras would be too big for me and I don't like to wear other peoples' knickers." said Ginny.

Once they were both ready they left the house and walked towards the bus stop. Sam wanted the bus into town while Ginny was catching one in the opposite direction. As they reached Sam's bus-stop they stopped to say goodbye; Sam took Ginny by the arms and kissed her passionately on the lips. 

As they parted lips Ginny noticed an elderly couple passing by; the woman was giving them a disapproving look, but the man had a smile on his face and could hardly pull his eyes away from the two attractive young ladies.

"I think he wants to join us," laughed Ginny as she pointed the couple out to Sam.

"Dirty old man," said Sam, smiling and giving Ginny another peck goodbye before watching her cross the road to the bus stop opposite.