 It was Valentine's Day, and it was dark and stormy. It had been raining all through the night and into the morning, a cold winter rain with a dark sky that didn't show any signs of stopping. It wasn't the passing rain that Southern California usually experiences, and Andrea loved it and appreciated it as a welcome and exciting change from the usual.

She had just finished up her shopping early in the day, picking up the things she needed for around the house. She was glad that she had most of the running around done and had the rest of the day free to herself. Maybe she would finally be able to go home and relax and catch up on some of her favorite shows and enjoy the stormy weather. As she walked to the car, the wind and rain pulled at her umbrella as her phone buzzed with a text message. She reached for her phone to see who it was from and immediately stopped walking as a wave of nervous energy spread like a shockwave through her body. It was Jill.

Although they exchanged numbers after the day their yoga session turned into something much more fun and exciting, she hadn't heard from her since everything that happened that day. She hadn't been able to stop thinking about her or her friend Kelly since that day...and had actually used several of her moments alone to lay on the couch or bed and allow her mind to wander back to that day to replay every detail of what happened over and over in her mind while gently rubbing and fingering her pussy.

It was so fun and exciting remembering all the fun she had in the shower and on the bed with both of them! It was one thing to be excited by the memories of everything that happened that day, but another thing to grow frustrated that Jill and Kelly had not contacted her since...it had been over a month! Maybe it was just a one-time thing, she thought.

Maybe they were embarrassed by everything that happened so strangely and suddenly and maybe that was the reason for the silence. She half-way expected never to hear from them again or meet awkwardly somewhere like a grocery store in the near future. Her frustrations altogether vanished with the text and gave way to complete and total shock and nervousness.

She couldn't believe it was actually her, and was at first too stunned to even read the message, let alone consider responding. Curiosity finally allowed her to overcome her nervous fear and she opened the message. It said, "Hey, I know we haven't talked in a bit but I need a little help getting my house ready to surprise my husband for Valentine's Day. I don't think I have enough time. If you're not busy, do you think you can help real quick?"

She finished loading the car and sat down. She felt excited and nervous to reply. The first thought that came to her was how Jill seemed to be able to read her feelings when she caught Jill and Kelly together in the shower. She remembered that it was Jill who had noticed that she chose to stay and watch and was the one who decided to do something about it. She was somehow able to sense her curiosity and how she became frozen in wonder and how her pussy seemed to tingle at the sight of the women making out and touching each other in the shower right in front of her. Rather than leave her out or ignore her, Jill was the one who walked out of the shower to grab her by the pussy and pull her into the shower, doing exactly what needed to be done to help her join them together. She pulled her into a fun situation that she had thought and fantasized about but never thought could or would actually happen.

If it weren't for Jill, she would have not experienced that day the way she knew she was meant to experience it. She knew it, and was happy that Jill invited her in to join them.

She caught herself daydreaming in her car about everything that happened in the shower and on the bed...remembering how Kelly was masturbating almost uncontrollably with her eyes fixed entirely on the sight of her and Jill rubbing and grinding their hot and slippery pussies together. As she thought of how to respond to the text, other thoughts filled her mind, preventing her from answering right away.

What if it was like Kelly said in the shower and everything "just sort of happened?" Was it really maybe just a one-time thing? It probably was. Jill was married with kids, too...but did she do things like this with lots of girls? She probably had texted simply to reach out and be friends rather than have some sort of awkward weirdness between them or the chance of an awkward meeting.

"Screw it!" Andrea said out loud, as she started to text her back. Whatever happened, happened. I'll just go with it. She would probably be a good friend anyway, bold, nice and also very attractive. "Sure, what do you need and when do you want me to come by?"

While waiting for the next text to come back, Andrea had another memory come to her. All she could think about was staring down between her legs and seeing Jill down there, staring into her eyes as she slowly kissed at her lips, sucking them into her mouth while gently pulling away and releasing them with a beautiful kissing noise over and over. She thought of how Jill would then push her mouth into her pussy and deeply French kiss her while looking into her eyes as she would grind her hips up and down with the pace of Jill's tongue.

Her pussy suddenly tingled deep inside and her little clit started to stiffen at the thought. Then the phone buzzed again, rudely awakening her from the daydream of how Jill kissed her pussy that day. Andrea shook the thoughts away as a fantasy that would never happen again.

The reply text said, "Just come by. My hubby gets home at 2:00 and I have to be done before that. The door is open and I am upstairs decorating."

Andrea wrote back, "I'm on my way. See you in about 20 minutes."

She started driving and suddenly was struck with a self-conscious feeling. She had done her hair, but wanted to redo her make up. As she started putting it on, it dawned on her that maybe deep down she wanted Jill to think that she was hot and beautiful and was definitely trying to look her best and at her most attractive for her. After a few minutes of making sure she looked great for Jill, she was finally satisfied with her looks and continued her drive.

Andrea pulled into the driveway of Jill's house. She was home, and her car was in the driveway. It was a really nice home with white stucco and Spanish tile. You could see all the way down the hill and across the ocean to Catalina from the driveway. It looked the part, definitely something straight out of California. A brick pathway led from the driveway, through a little courtyard to the front porch. The courtyard was cute, with tropical plants and flowers surrounding the perimeter and a fountain on the wall.

Andrea walked up to the raised brick porch and reached out to knock on the heavy wood door, but there was no answer. She started to text but remembered that Jill had asked her to come in when she got there. She let herself in using the heavy latch to open the door to find that there was a trail of pink rose petals leading from the entry way up the stairs to her left. Andrea thought it was really cool that she was doing something so fun and special for her husband and though that she might do something like that for her husband, too. She followed the trail up the stairs, admiring the home as she climbed up.

At the top of the stairs, the trail of flower petals followed down a hallway to the right and stopped right at a set of double doors. Andrea followed the trail to the doors, where she stopped. It was odd to be allowed into someone's house who you had just barely met, especially to go into what was probably a bedroom...but Jill seemed so laid-back that Andrea just thought it was probably her nature and she was overthinking it. Then again, she reasoned that they also had pretty fun girl on girl sex with each other, so being allowed to let yourself in might not be that big of a deal, either. However it all happened, the fact remained that she had gone through with it and was inside her house.

Andrea knocked on the wooden double doors. After what seemed to be a long time, Jill's voice answered, "It's open!" Andrea opened the door and couldn't believe everything in front of her. It was like Hallmark cupids had invaded the room...it looked really cute! The ceiling could not be seen because it was covered with pink, red and white heart shaped helium balloons.

The bedroom had a fire in the fireplace and it was really warm and toasty inside, which was perfect considering how cold and stormy it was outside. There were candles lit on the dresser and on the nightstands of the bed, but no other light was on. Only the fire and candles lit the room. A sign reading "Happy Valentine's Day!" in large red foil letters hung on the wall behind the bed...but she wasn't really prepared to see Jill. 

This was the second time in a row that Jill did something that made Andrea stand completely still and frozen...the first being catching her and Kelly in the shower together. This second time was even more of a shock.

Earlier that day, Jill was hard at work trying to put together the pieces of a plan she had slowly put together in her mind since the last time she saw Andrea and Kelly at their yoga session at Andrea's house. It was often in her personality to throw a little bit of caution to the wind and risk putting herself out there, and her idea this time was certainly no different.

Up until that day, Jill had also never experienced anything like what happened, and although she had a lot of thoughts and curiosities about what it would be like to be with another girl, had never been even close to a situation like that. Frankly, she didn't generally even like other women. She found them to be vain, stuck-up, catty bitches for the most part. She also knew she loved her husband very much and loved getting a generous amount of dick from him whenever she could.

Things were different with Kelly and Andrea because they were different than other girls...they were nice and fun and not complete bitches. These qualities caused her to start to be attracted to Kelly and she had been nervously trying, unsuccessfully, to somehow break the ice between them for quite some time.

The day that everything happened, she knew Andrea would be there. She was attracted to her, too, but didn't really think that she would do anything with a girl and didn't really have a chance to get a feel for her, as they had just recently met through Kelly at the gym. Before she left to take a shower, she did notice Andrea staring at her and even caught her staring at her boobs a couple of times, but dismissed it because a lot of girls think other girls can be hot or sexy, so it wasn't such a big deal to her and she didn't give it much of a second thought.

Jill was so nervous to send that message that morning...because she knew it would leave her no choice but to try and make her plan come true. Everything made it so hard to send the message that the nervous energy was uncontrollable and her hands would hardly cooperate as she tried to text, shaking and misspelling everything so much that it felt like it took forever to write the stupid message.

She had spent a lot of time over the last month thinking of everything that happened, too. Something inside her really felt fun and exciting being with Andrea and Kelly. She was scared that Andrea wouldn't go along with everything she put into her plan, that she would be left extremely embarrassed, and that it would ruin everything, including their friendship.

The moment she got the text back from Andrea that she was on her way, she felt every nerve in her body twinge and she felt like a ball of electricity. It was actually happening and there was no way to stop it. If she was going to put her plan into motion, it was now or never. She knew that she did not have a lot of time to get everything ready or to second guess everything she wanted to do.

Quickly, she went to the bathroom mirror and took a few deep breaths. Her hair and makeup were done ahead of time in the hopes that Andrea would agree to come by. She took off her robe and started put on the Valentine outfit that she had picked out for the occasion. She had picked out a black silk cupless bra with pink flowery lace trim. She put it on and looked at herself in the mirror.

She was immediately terrified that her plan was way too over the top and that there was no way that Andrea would go along with it. But it was too late to turn back now. Besides, she thought to herself that her titties did look pretty awesome in that bra, making her nipples point upwards. She grabbed the garter belt and thigh highs that matched the outfit and put them on, followed by her pink matching high heels. There were matching panties, too...but she would not be putting them on just yet. She admired herself in the mirror for a moment, but had to hurry.

Knowing that Andrea might be just minutes away, she looked at the room. She hoped that Andrea would quickly realize that getting the room ready for her husband was all just a lie, and would know that it was all done for her...that she was going to try to make herself Andrea's special Valentine's Day present. She quickly lit the fireplace and all the candles in the room, which she thought looked great against the dark and rainy sky outside. All the balloons she had blown up that morning covered the entire ceiling.

Finally, she went to her nightstand and pulled out a large purple silicone vibrating egg. It was about as big as a large lemon and had a cord with a remote control attached. It had a clear and sparkly purple silicone gel skin covering the hard plastic inside. It was slightly squishy and it was covered with lots of soft nubby bumps about the size of rounded off pencil erasers.

Setting it to pulse with strong vibrations every few seconds, she held it close against her completely shaved pussy, the pulses of a few seconds of pleasure buzzing onto her freshly shaven clit and lips. She spent more than a few minutes using her hands to grind the egg up and down her pussy while grinding her hips to match the motion. As her pussy began to get more and more slippery she became almost addicted to the buzzing sensation. She slowly slid the egg between her now swollen and pink slippery lips, pushing it against the entrance to her pussy with two fingers with just enough pressure to part her lips without letting it get quite past the point where her hungry pussy would swallow it up. She would begin to slowly insert the egg, but would use her muscles to push it out, over and over, fucking herself gently with the large egg without quite letting it slip inside as it buzzed away on her lips and stiff clit.

Losing track of how long she was playing, she noticed that she had forgotten the finishing touch. She pushed the egg past the point where it would slip inside, the entrance of her vagina resisting the girth of the egg until she pushed with enough force that is suddenly slipped right inside, sliding deeply inside of her hungry pussy. She gently moaned as the egg quickly slid deep inside, the inner muscles of her slippery pussy pulling it deep and clamping around it tightly. She put the remote control in her garter belt and ran out of the bedroom and downstairs to the kitchen.

She grabbed large glass bowl filled with rose petals and scattered them on the floor of the entry way. She could only manage to throw a couple of handfuls of petals at a time, as she couldn't help stopping to gently slide her fingers up and down her slippery pink lips and clit as the toy inside of her started working its magic. After a few stops on the way up to tease her hungry pussy and stiff clit even more, she finally made it up the stairs and into the bedroom.

Closing the door behind her, she continued dropping petals across the floor and onto the bed, right where her now starving pussy would be waiting in hopes of Andrea's Valentine's kisses. Laying on the bed, she pointed each of her feet at the end posts of the four post bed. Starting with her left ankle and followed by the right, she wrapped the heavy velcro straps around her ankles. 

The ropes from the post to the straps did not leave any room for her to close her legs. Reaching behind her pillow, she grabbed her final accessory. Her handcuffs. She placed the handcuff on her right wrist and clicked it closed. She knew that once she reached behind her head and closed the next cuff on herself, that she would be shackled to the headboard and at Andrea's mercy...if she decided to leave after seeing her, she would be stuck there.

Would she leave her there after seeing her? Breathing in deeply, she closed the cuff over her left hand. Now there was no way out of it now. Would Andrea even show up? Would she get nervous and not come? She couldn't answer the phone or text now. "It is all in her hands now," she said to herself as she started gently moaning and sighing as the egg buzzed away and worked its magic inside of her. She noticed that she was starting to get hot, and that her breathing was getting heavy, and that she couldn't seem to stop rocking her hips up and down.

Her pussy wanted more, and had become so swollen and pink. Her clit was now fully erect, the vibrating egg buzzing powerfully from within to tease it from inside her pussy.

Losing herself to the feelings, she lost all sense of time, so much that it startled her when there was a knock at the bedroom door.

"Oh my God!" she said to herself...she came! She was actually here! Although she had spent all day preparing herself and the room, she still felt unprepared and scared. It seemed to take forever for her to find her voice. "It's open!" was all she could manage to say.

Jill was able to watch Andrea walk into the room and take a look at her surroundings, but just as Andrea turned to find Jill on the bed, a wave of pleasure swept over Jill from the toy inside of her. He head snapped back as her eyes rolled up and she moaned uncontrollably. Her body stiffened as her hips uncontrollably rocked in a grinding and humping motion. As the wave of pleasure washed over her, she was able to again fix her eyes on Andrea. "Do you like your Valentine's present?" was all she asked.

Andrea stood there, a look of total surprise on her face and her body frozen in shock...even moreso than receiving the text or finding Jill and Kelly in her shower together. Andrea noticed her cute outfit and shoes, her makeup and especially that Jill was looking her right in the eyes...the same eyes she remembered looking up at her as she deeply kissed her pussy last month.

Andrea's look of shock began to melt away into a slight smile, as she noticed that Jill was looking incredibly hot and had tied herself up and done this all for her...it was flattering to her in a way. 

Andrea said, "How did you know I would come or that I would stay?"

"I didn't...I was just hoping you would...and I noticed you didn't leave again", said Jill, smiling and slightly sighing between her words.

"What do you want to do?" asked Andrea.

"I think that's your decision...I'm the one that's tied up."

Andrea paused there for a moment just watching everything that was happening in front of her. She could feel that the room was very warm from the fire in the fireplace and it felt good on her face from having just walked in from the cold wind and rain outside. Other than the warm sensation, all she could focus on for the moment was Jill.

She looked even hotter than the day they played in the shower and on the bed after their half-naked yoga session along with Kelly together at her house last month. Andrea first looked at Jill's legs and saw that they were restrained to the posts of the bed by pink, thick ropes. Each ankle had a black Velcro cuff around it, the ropes pulling her legs apart. Each foot was inside a cute pink high heeled shoe and each leg was in a thigh-high stocking, which were shiny, silky and black with black lace trim around the openings.
