 (Lady Sappho enjoyed reading my stories about the Vicar's Wife, as I enjoyed reading her erotic tales. We exchanged thoughts about them on line and it was she who suggested that we write a joint story about an encounter with my lover. This is her story told in her own inimitable erotic style, edited by me and added to where appropriate. The first part is written from her point of view, whilst the second part from mine.)

*

I always knew that Sue and Sarah were very careful ladies. They cared deeply about the health and vitality of their village. The devoted hours of their time to charity bazaars, clubs for the elderly, fetes for the children and good works for the church. They were well loved by their families and well respected by everyone. They also had a secret which they took great care to protect. Chance or fate had brought them to the village, destiny or maybe even something more mystical, had helped them find each other. Every Tuesday and Thursday morning, they made tender and passionate love.

As the vicar's wife, Sue was more inclined to believe in divine intervention as the key to the joy she had found with Sarah - faith wasn't compulsory for her role, but why, she thought, turn down the possibility of a company benefit? Real and sincere though her love and desire for Sarah was, she was acutely conscious of the need to emulate Caesar's wife - she might not regard her affair with Sarah as infidelity in the strictest sense, nor as shameful in any sense, but most of her husband's congregation would. She had no truck with illiberal Anglican curmudgeons who rant at anything with a hint of passion, but she knew well enough that no church would forgive a clergyman with a scandalous wife.

She was, therefore and understandably, shocked and frightened by the note and attachment that fell through her door that Tuesday morning five minutes after Sarah left.

Sarah had every reason to want to preserve her marriage and her reputation. Even so, she accepted that however much she had to lose should her affair with Sue be discovered, the consequences for her lover were infinitely more serious. Of course, she no more anticipated the note that fell through her door, but the distress she heard in her lover's voice as soon as she picked up the telephone made her instantly anxious. She walked briskly back to the vicarage, the crisp white envelope inanimate and inert next to her pounding heart.

With tears barely held back they sat side-by-side on a sofa overlooking the garden to examine the source of their disquiet. Two identical envelopes contained two identical notes, handwritten on thick, expensive paper.

Attached to each were slightly different photographs of the same scene: Sue, naked, her head thrown back in rapture, her elbows playing inharmonious chords on an open piano behind, hypnotized by the loving attention of a woman whose face was buried between her naked thighs. Few would have had any difficulty recognizing Sarah from the cut of her hair or the distinctive rings on the hand rapturously caressing Sue's right breast.

"What will we do?" Sue begged.

"Exactly what we're told," Sarah replied.

Pretending to be engaged in nothing of even the lightest importance, Sarah got up early, showered, dressed, breakfasted and left her husband to look after the house and the staff. She drove the ancient, choking Volvo round to the vicarage and waited, as silently as the old car would allow, for Sue to walk down the drive, her face etched pensively. In silence, they drove to the appointed place, parked in the appointed car park, walked along the appointed path. They were both familiar with the managed and protected woodland they had been brought to, both apprehensive and completely uncertain where the specific path they were on ended.

Stopping suddenly to check the note clasped tight in her hand, Sarah whispered: "Here." Taking a visibly nervous Sue by the hand she led them into the narrowest of gaps through a cluster of trees - a gap few, they both trusted, would notice let alone use, unless someone pointed it out. Who, they wondered in uneasy silence, had brought them to this place?

Through the trees they entered a hollow, warmed by the early morning summer sun, scented by the random sprinkling of wild flowers. "There," Sarah sighed, pointing to a large checkered blanket smoothed flat beneath the arms of a majestic oak. As they walked onto the blanket Sarah felt Sue shaking nervously.

"Hush," she whispered, pulling her friend close to her and holding her tight, kissing her hair lightly. "Hush," she repeated, "we just get through it, just do it, maybe we ..."

"What?" Sue cried, her voice only a step or two back from a sob, "enjoy it ... enjoy putting on a show for some frustrated old Harridan."

"Yes," Sarah replied, "yes, that's exactly what we do. Don't you see, whoever and whatever the mysterious Madam S is, Harridan, Harlot or Heavenly Angel, we can't let her feel like we're her playthings."

"That's just what we are, toys in some dirty game. Why are we here? - because she's got photographs we daren't risk her sharing with anyone else ... and soon she'll have more!"

"But she's obviously not going to share them, is she? Sure, she's probably hiding somewhere in those trees right now as excited as a bitch on heat, but she's a voyeur not a blackmailer. As you said, she's already got photographs we daren't risk her sharing ... which she's used to get us here."

"Exactly."

"Sue, darling," Sarah whispered, combing her lover's hair from her sad face, "trust me, I know I'm right. Whoever has got us here has done so solely for her own pleasure - OK, yes, I'm sure she's going to take more photographs, but for her own amusement ..."

"But her note ..."

"... told us to come here - it didn't actually threaten us if we didn't, we just assumed we had no choice ..."

"... so we can just leave now?"

"Well," Sarah pondered, "I suppose, if I'm right, yeah, we could." Silent in thought for a moment she gently caressed Sue's shoulders, loving as always the feel of her lover's warm body beneath her fingers. "But why should we? This place is a lot safer than the vicarage - let's face it, we've been in danger of getting 'caught' since the day you first seduced me ..."

"... I seduced you!"

"OK, since we seduced each other."

The two lovers stood still and silent for a moment, speaking only through the look in their eyes and the gentleness of their touch. They had made love many times, finding in each other and for each other, depths of passion and sensual expression neither had imagined possible. Though both had enjoyed, and occasionally worried about, moments of curiosity before falling into each other's arms, the moment they had actually fallen into each other's arms had been a shock.

Almost without realizing it was happening, they became close friends so quickly that one accidental and innocently intimate embrace in the ladies room of the Parish Hall, after the official lunch, led to a kiss of such passion that they simply could not resist, breathless and confused though they were, rushing their hands up and down each other's body.

"Phew - but not here darling. Anyone could come in!" Sarah smoothed down my skirt.

"Come for coffee,' insisted a flustered Sue.

And that was it for the time being. Having agreed to meet at the vicarage when circumstances allowed, the get-together happened sooner than they could have imagined. 

Steered by some magical intuition, they had pulled each other into the study, undressed hurriedly and surrendered to the gifted calm of Sapphic desire. It was a desire they had delighted in ever since. It was a desire that, notwithstanding the unreasonable iniquity that had brought them to this place, they could not deny lived strong inside them - irresistibly strong.

As if wanting to recreate all the first-time passion of that first kiss, Sue let her head fall slightly to one side, opened her mouth and pulled Sarah close. As they kissed they caressed, as they caressed they undressed. As they undressed they lost themselves, just as always, in the comfort and beautiful expectation of sensual fulfilment that their love always brought them.

Just as Sarah had guessed, I sat twenty feet away, hidden but not really hiding, a voyeur, not a threat - too young to be a Harridan, too discerning to be a Harlot, but too impious to be an Angel. Too impious, I have to confess, to resist a burning desire to seduce a vicar's wife. To that extent, Sarah had misjudged me. Of course I had no intention of using my photographs to cause them harm - they were for my continued pleasure; though the pleasure I intended winning for myself went beyond just watching.

Even so, for now, I was content to watch and amuse myself. I took a few pictures of them caressing, semi-naked now, their loving hands glancing up and down their firm thighs and buttocks. They were women in their prime - still beautiful, still blessed with smooth creamy skin, still lithe and supple, but also deliciously mature and beguiling. I put my camera down and just watched as they finished undressing, enjoying with shameless want the look and scent of their lovely bodies - their full yet soft breasts, darkly alluring nipples and achingly desirable pussies.

As they knelt together on the smooth and expensive blanket I had provided, woven according to the label from the finest lamb's wool, I slowly unbuttoned my sleeveless blouse and caressed the familiarly warm and soft roundness of my breasts, feeling my nipples harden in my palm, feeling my heart racing beneath. While Sarah tenderly kissed Sue's beautifully aroused nipples, one after the other, I slid my favorite fingers down to my hot, waiting sex. While Sue casually ran her fingers between her plump labia, happily lost to the pleasure of Sarah's kiss, I copied her - pressing my knickers into the juiciness of my vulva. I wanted to feel my first orgasm - oozing, creamy and wanton - through the faux-virginal-purity of cool white cotton. I wanted to come with Sue.

In truth, I wanted much more besides. I wanted to come with Sue and for her. I wanted her to feel and taste me while I came. I wanted to have her for my own. I wanted to hear her crying out for more and more as my tongue worked her magic. I wanted to hear her beg for me to love her and please her for ever ... and I wanted to do all that with Sarah nearby, watching and accepting the joy her lover would find beneath my touch.

I continued to watch them, watch as Sarah's kisses eased down Sue's wonderful body - a body I desired so much. I watched as Sue's fingers began to squeeze and caress her clitoris more ardently - a clitoris I wanted sp much. I envied Sarah so as she entwined her lips and tongue with Sue's fingers, tasting and pleasing the lady's delicious vagina.

Slowly, my concentration turned inward. I needed to come. I needed to please myself now. I needed to feel once again those fabulous fluttering angels at play deep inside me. I needed to feel once again their sparkling beams of lust fizzing through me. I needed to feel once again the sensuous certainty of impending and inexorable joy warming every part of my body. With Sue's now demanding and unrestrained cries of exhilaration and want filling the air I closed my eyes and let passion command me. My first orgasm, as always, was beautifully ... and, as always, I wanted more.

With quiet control I slipped off my knickers, lay back against a tree and masturbated openly, wonderfully, dirtily, unceasingly for thirty minutes, while Sarah and Sue made noisy and mutually satisfying love. Mmm, ladies, make me come, I moaned softly to myself while my fingers slid in and around my wet pussy, my clitoris pulsing more urgently beneath my fingertips. I squeezed, pressed and caressed my familiarly swollen and sensitive clitoris, swooning beneath the intensity of my arousal.

Sensing an orgasm of violent and significant meaning, I drove a third finger inside my hot and slippery vagina, shuddering gorgeously as ripples of lustful pleasure began to fan out through my body. Rocking side to side with pleasure and desire I felt my hard nipples flow across the softness of my breasts, like ships laden with Sapphic want. I took myself completely, took full a complete possession of my body, teasing and loving myself towards satisfaction, luscious vibrations coursing through my body.

I wanted to come so much now, wanted to exploit the depth and intensity of my lust for another woman's lover. I want you Sue, I sighed as quietly as I could, my mind flooding with a riotous tumult of salacious thoughts and impious longing. As I felt the first tremors of climax quivering inside me I craved the feel of Sarah's lips around my excitedly-hard nipples and of Sue's tongue inside my succulent pussy.

I took myself above and beyond the first plains of pleasure, higher and higher towards the Sapphic goddesses, with Sue and Sarah my spiritual soul-mates. Who knows how many times I came - a lady doesn't keep score. All I can say is I was, at least for a while, sated before my victims and my inspiration.

Picking up my camera I rushed off a dozen or so shots of them lost in delirious lust, slipped my knickers back on and left them. When they got back to their car they would find two fresh envelopes on their seats, each with a selection of new photographs and an identical note: 'tomorrow, same time and place as always'.

Sarah takes up the story.

At 10.30am, Thursday morning, as always. It was a warm day. The scent from the blossom in the rear garden was fragrant. I loved that garden - so much more personal than mine at the house. But that's probably because it was associated with my dearest friend and lover. After letting myself in through the kitchen door at the back of the vicarage, I was surprised to hear a familiar but curious noise from the study - a discordant chord on the piano as accompaniment to a squeal.

I didn't recognize the squeal as Sue's - I'd heard that often enough to know. But it was, nevertheless, the kind of sound that would accompany a female orgasm. I was curious to say the least. Well, it's what was the study for the previous occupants but now more of a music room, and Sue's private lounge, with the grand piano in the bay window, a comfortable chez facing the fireplace with a cotton throw over it, a coffee table and sheepskin rug in front of it. But the old name stuck. To me, it was our love nest. 

I walked quickly through the hall and into the open doorway to the study - and stopped dead, gob-smacked. I was stunned and bewildered at what I saw. Sitting on the piano stool which I and Sue used so many times to pleasure each other's vulva, leaning back with her elbows on the piano lid, was a young woman. She had a beautiful face. A flawless olive skin, with sparkling green eyes, high cheekbones, pouting lips, a pretty little nose, all framed by lustrous dark hair. She wore a light-green summer dress, reflecting the color of here eyes, but now unbuttoned and parted from top to bottom.

Beneath it she was completely naked. I was amazed, to say the least, as I stared at the young woman's small but perfect breasts, her dark, almost black, erect nipples, her flat smooth belly with trimmed public curls. And gorgeous long and muscular thighs, now open wide enjoying Sue's lips and tongue at their center. All I could see of Sue was the back of her head. 

A coffee pot was already glugging away on the coffee table at the side of the room, giving off a pleasant aroma. A plate of M&S biscuit curls, cups and saucers and the other necessary things were set on the table in front of the chez, on which we often made love, together with the usual overflowing fruit bowl. It's curious the way some familiar things look different at such life-changing moments. 

"Sarah!" The woman breathed my name with aristocratic confidence, drawing my attention back to them. "We've been waiting for you." Our eyes met. 

I found it difficult to speak for the moment. I just looked at her questioningly. 

"Er... and er... you are?" I replied, clearly shaken.

Falling back on her heels while turning to face me, Sue whispered smoothly, with lips shiny with the ladies come, "Sarah, darling - this is 'Madam S', or as you know her better, Lady Sappho."

"Clara!" I cried.

"Of course, who did you think it would be?"

"I ... er ..."

"Darling," Sue breathes seductively, standing now to usher you towards us, "come here..."

"Did - er... did you ..."

"Make her come? Yes angel, and so must you, she has the sweetest tasting pussy ..."

"I mean," I said, irritation clear in my voice, "did you arrange what happened yesterday?"

"Er, well, yes," Sue smiles.

"How?"

"Just like you," Clara smiled, "Sue sent me some feedback ... and we e-mailed ... then, we, er, chatted and ... well, you know what happens."

"And then you started trying to seduce her," I added.

"Well, it wasn't hard putting two and two together and ..."

"And I," Sue whispers, "wanted to do something special," she continues, now next to me, unbuttoning my blouse.

"She is naked," Clara said almost as a narrative. "Naked and fragrant, the scent of my pussy on her lips, the want of your's in her eyes. She wants you Sarah - we both do. Will you share yourself with us both? Will you let us both kiss you and lick you? Will you let me join you and your lover, let you both use and enjoy my younger but no less lovely body?"

Clara leaned back against the piano, legs apart. Her loins and vulva attracting my gaze. They were lit by the sun shining through the window, glistening through the pubic curls. Her hand reached down. Her slender fingers toying with the labia and clitoris. She masturbated lazily whilst spinning her fantasy in her soft low, sexy voice.

"As my nipples ache for a woman's touch - I would so love to feel your lips around them right now, feel your tongue coiling around them, capturing them, drawing them into your mouth ... while your fingers slip between my thighs. Oh I, I have to confess, I have been playing with myself there already. I couldn't wait for you, couldn't bare the agony of wanting to come for someone new any longer."

Sue was now exploring my6 own aroused vulva with her sensitive fingers, drawing out the juices. I was mesmerized watching Clara finger herself.

"When did you last seduce someone new Sarah?" she asked. "When did you last slip your hand between two warm yet unfamiliar thighs, slide your fingers between unfamiliar labia, ease them inside an unfamiliar vagina? I can see you trembling now, imagining doing all that with me? I know you love me talking about my vagina Sarah. How much more would you adore the taste of her? Mmm, she's so wet now, waiting for you ... imagine those are your fingers slipping inside me now"

Her voice was seductive. As I imagined the scenario she spoke of, my own fingers had wandered into Sue's soft, wet vulva.

"I had a lovely time with Sue," she continued. "She was lying back on the chez, one knee bent, resting on the couch, the other stretched on one side, giving me access to her knickerless groin. I toyed with it, teasing the clit and labia, until the vagina dilated and closed with her in her muscles flexing gently. Her juices were beginning to ooze. Without a word, she took my head in her hands and pressed it into her groin. She was purring - really purring!"

"And I," Sue whispered, "wanted to do something special." She was unbuttoning my blouse as she spoke. "Just for you." and my blouse was eased from my shoulders. Of course, I wasn't wearing a bra - I rarely do when I go to visit my friend. Then Sue reached her face to mine and kissed me softly, smearing my lips with Clara's pussy juices. Oh fuck! They tasted so good. So fucking good! I wanted more. 

"She is naked I - naked and fragrant." Clara added. My senses were already disturbed with lust. "And the scent of my pussy is on her lips as well. She wants you I - you can tell by the look in her eyes - we both do. Come on, share yourself with us? Will you let us both kiss you and lick you? Will you let me join you and your lover, let you both use and enjoy my younger but no more lovely body?" 
