 Sleeping with Lara was an experience. I have a king size bed that gives lots of room for any partner I may have in it. I got it a long time ago and have never regretted it. Sleeping patterns are as unique as people's sex behavior.

We were both naked and I slept on the right side of the bed, which is not my normal side but it was the side I ended up on when I fell asleep in her arms. Which is a delight, by the way. I love nothing more than to find myself drifting to sleep in a beautiful woman's arms. 

Once asleep I tend to roll over and not want to be too close, though I reach out with my legs and like to have some small touch.

Lara thrashed about. She was an "active sleeper" which was fun to learn.

There is something incredibly intimate about sleeping with another person. Sex can actually be a lot less intimate than other things. You would think that letting someone manipulate your body, actually sticking pieces of their body inside your own and then stimulating you to the point where you lose it for a moment... that seems like the most intimate thing you could possibly achieve. And I guess it is, in some ways.

But sleeping with a lover is something different. When you have sex, you are in control of yourself and know what is happening and can interact with it. When sleeping... you basically become 100% vulnerable, and even let your lover see you with smashed hair and drooling on the pillow. 

Things got a lot calmer in the early morning hours and I woke with daylight coming into the room. It was summer and the sun rose early. She was still asleep, she had a habit of sleeping very late in the mornings (maybe because she thrashed around so much when she went to sleep, ha.). So I lay in bed and sort of watched her sleep for a while. I marveled at how beautiful she was and the peaceful way in which she breathed. The sheets had slipped off her a bit and I watched her right breast rise and fall. 

She has perfect breasts, in my opinion. I wanted to touch them, suckle them again, but she was asleep. Dammit.

I rolled over and lay there for a moment, thinking about her, thoughts running through my mind. Wondering what was going to come. I had a lot of affection for her, we had become very close very quickly, and I could feel myself falling but I didn't want to. She was too young and young girls are too volatile. She was inexperienced, and I might be a stepping stone for her, but it was unlikely I would be anything long term. These thoughts rolled around in my mind and then gave way to the passion of the night before, and it made me happy.

It was just about then I felt her arm come over my shoulder and her breasts against my shoulder blades, her stomach against my back, and finally her hips against mine as she scooted over to spoon me. Some girl's won't spoon the morning after, it's too intimate and they want to keep an emotional distance. It felt good to be spooned by Lara. Usually I am the big spoon. Lara is smaller than me, but it was still good to be the little spoon.

Eventually, I rolled over and faced her, taking her face in my hands, brushing her hair away. She was looking sleepy and happy. It warmed my heart.

"How are you? Did you sleep OK?"

She nodded, and smiled. "I slept really well."

I didn't say anything about her thrashing around, but just scooted in closer and wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. She kissed back, tongues playing and darting.

She sighed and got up and went to the bathroom. She came back after a couple of minutes, and I went. When I came back she was sitting cross legged on the bed.

She was sitting like that because she wanted to talk, was ready to talk, and wanted to be facing me. But to me, a woman on my bed sitting with crossed legs means something else. Scissoring. I smirked to myself and then settled in front of her, cross legged, knees touching. We kissed and our hands found each other. We held hands.

She did talk some. She told me how much she had loved the night before, and how grateful she was to me. She hoped she had been a good lover. I didn't like her being grateful to me, as if I had somehow done her a favor, and told her as much.

"Last night was an amazing pleasure for me, as well, Lara. Making love to a woman is a sharing experience, one of giving and accepting. It's like... Christmas."

We laughed at that one and she kissed me again. I uncrossed my legs and moved in closer to her.

"If you want to know something I like, then let me show you," I said. "Uncross your legs."

She did. She had put on her T-shirt while I was in the bathroom, I was still naked. So I slipped her T-shirt off (she had a penchant for wearing band T-shirts).

To get a bit closer I lifted my right leg over her left thigh, then grabbed her right leg and dragged it over my right thigh. Classic scissor position, sitting up facing each other. I leaned forward and kissed the beautiful Lara gently, lovingly, letting lips become as soft as possible and tongues just barely touch. But in leaning forward, breasts brushed against each other, as well. My hands went to her hips in a relaxed way, and held her as we kissed.

In that position we simply kissed for a while. I ran my hands up her sides, and then showed her something. Placing my hands on her sides, just under her arms and to the side of her breasts, I said, "This is an erogenous zone for me. On the side, right next to my breasts."

She smiled and said, "Yeah, I do like that." Her own hands rose automatically and touched me there and I closed my eyes and smiled. Her fingers slid lightly on the sides, and then around to the front.

"It's so amazing that I can touch you like this."

I knew what she meant. "It's amazing to be free with the body of a lover. To know you are allowed to touch," I admitted.

My own fingers had moved to her breasts but now went to her stomach where my palm pressed against her abdomen, just below her belly button (jeeze how cute it was...). And my fingers extended down and touched her pussy, spreading lips and finding her clit. 

"See? I feel free to touch you in the most private areas now. It's allowed. You are allowed. You are my lover."

Lara was smiling, maybe blushing a bit, but she followed my example, letting her fingers slide around my body as we faced each other. She stuck one finger into my belly button and laughed, as did I. 

"Yep. Even there," I admitted. "You are allowed to touch me anywhere now."

She slipped her fingers down below and felt my clit and then spread my pussy lips. We were face to face, eye to eye, looking at each other as she did this. 

Her finger slipped into me and I sighed a little, then she lifted her fingers to her mouth and sucked them for a second. "You are wet," she observed.

"Duh," I said. I scooted forward another couple of inches and our pussy lips touched. Another inch and our breasts were touching firmly, and our pussies were pressing against each other. My arms went around her and we kissed deeply, and kept kissing.

I slipped one hand between us and began slowly rubbing her clit. In the process I was also rubbing my own clit. The stimulation brought a reaction from her, she wrapped arms around me tighter, shifted hips closer, squeezing my finger between us. Her kiss became more urgent.

"Lean back," I said when the kiss broke. I leaned back on my arms, my hair falling back against my shoulders. This created a bit more pressure on our scissored hips and when she leaned back as well, our pussies were pressing hard against each other. I began to slowly move my hips up and down, feeling her naked flesh against mine, pressing hard enough to make sure my clitoral hood was squeezed out of the way and my clit rubbing directly on her.

She imitated me, moving her hips up and down slightly, slowly, so that we stimulated each other in a leisurely manner. Our eyes were locked on one another, watching each other, but feeling the sensation in our genitals as we undulated.

It wasn't long before that position grew tiresome and I lay back all the way. But I reached out and grabbed her hand first. She lay back and we were laying in opposite directions, our legs scissored, pussies grinding. I held her hand tightly and pulled, making sure our bodies pressed hard as we continued to grind.

The sensations were getting more intense. Pussy grinding, scissoring, is not the best way for me to orgasm, but it has a certain psychological, mental aspect that is incredibly arousing. We lay there for a while, moving, pressing grinding, holding hands, cooperating together to create the stimulation that was making both of pant.

I got up, keeping my legs scissored with her. All this was new to her and she was following my lead, I knew. When I sat up my knees bent and hooked on her legs, still scissored but I was able to push up and down more, almost as if I were a man fucking her.

Which I did for a while. I fucked her by grinding ourselves together. 

I got tired of that position after a bit and lay on my side. We ground pussies together scissored at an angle for a while, but I knew we weren't going to climax this way.

So finally, I moved away. We were still facing opposite directions so I simply scooted down until my face was next to her hips, reached my hand in between her legs, lifting one leg up (her right), and dove in. My lips found her pussy and I enveloped the entire thing (or most of it) in my open mouth and sucked the soft flesh in, finding her clit with my tongue and flicking it fast. She was already very aroused from our tribbing, and was breathing hard, her hips making very small movements as I flicked and rubbed and sucked.

I felt her lifting my leg and cooperated, moving my right leg until the knee was bent and it was up, point toward the ceiling, open to her own lips. She dived in to my pussy with an aggressiveness I've seldom experienced during my first experience with a woman. 

Once again I got the distinct impression she wanted me to press hard, delve in deep, stimulate her to the max. She wanted me to work her hard. So I did. My tongue worked, my lips worked, I sucked and moved and did everything I could. 

Her hands were on my ass, holding me as she sucked. Normally I would not have done this, especially not with a first timer, but I reached down and took one hand and moved her fingers to the flesh behind my pussy, just before the anus. In fact, I urged her, showed her, how to rub the flesh there and actually brought her finger to the very edge of my anus.

She learned quickly and I was in heaven.

I shuddered and climaxed. I couldn't keep eating her while I came, so I stopped and just gasped with my head laying on her left thigh, face about two inches away from her pussy.

I think I whimpered a bit.

When I began to recover I dived into her pussy again with everything I had. She had stopped suckling mine, though her fingers continued to massage my pussy and play with it a bit, something that made me very happy.

I pushed my head in as hard as I could, stimulating her with everything I had. I inserted a finger deep inside her vagina, curling it. I kept motion on her clit, changing it constantly. I grabbed her ass, spreading her ass cheeks, though I stayed away from her anus, not knowing what she liked. 

Once again it was hard getting her to cum, but when she did it was incredibly satisfying. She didn't cum easily. When she did her entire body tensed, her toes curled, she grabbed me and held her breath for a second or two and then let it out in a whimper and moan and pant.

And we collapsed.

It was over. I could have gone again after a few minutes, but she was new and I was not going to press my luck. This was a lot for her to take in.

I turned around so my head was at the top of the bed next to hers, wrapped our legs together and held her. We snuggled for a bit, after which I told her we needed to shower.

We did shower, together, and it was great fun, though there was minimal sexual contact. Just enough to reinforce that we were lovers, and that as lovers we were free to touch the other's body in any way we wished.

After drying off, dressing and breakfast, we kissed and she asked if we were going to get together soon.

I smiled and kissed her back. "I sure hope so. I am not sure I can wait very long," I admitted.

It had been a very, very good date.