 This story contains explicit descriptions of sex between consenting adults - male to female and female to female, including reference to anal play. Should these themes offend you please move on!

As always, my characters are over 18. They are also entirely imaginary so any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental. 

Having said all of that, I hope you enjoy my story...don't forget to vote and perhaps leave a comment at the end!

H_S. 

The Virgin Teacher 

Lucy Bayliss, twenty six years old and a predatory lesbian, stood in the delicatessen section of the local supermarket and watched the girl as she pushed her shopping trolley down the aisle. 

She was a stunner, that was for sure. Eighteen or nineteen, at a guess. About five foot eight, slim. Blond hair tied back in a pony tail to expose a long, graceful neck and a little oval face with perfect skin adorned with a pair of startlingly blue eyes, a little button nose and rosebud lips as sweet and innocent as a choir girl's. But it was the way she walked that attracted Lucy - a lithe, slinky movement that showed off her tight little body. It rolled her cupcake ass and thrust out her pert little breasts, promising a degree of sensuousness that to Lucy's expert eye promised a burning sensuousness in everything she did. She might look like an innocent schoolgirl, Lucy thought, but she walks like a streetwalker. 

Lucy knew most of the youngsters in Therlmere but this was a new face, and its youth and virtuousness stopped her in her tracks. She followed her surreptitiously, watching her slim figure moving with its tight little buttocks and breasts like hard round apples under the pink tee shirt. She watched her stretch to the higher shelves, exposing her midriff with its firm flat belly and the delicious curve of her hips; and she watched with baited breath when the girl dropped her purse. She crouched to retrieve the coins, her little white panties exposed to Lucy's hungry gaze with the outline of her tender young pussy inside them, the dark shadow of its lips pressed against the thin fabric. Lucy knew then she must have her, and she followed her around the shop waiting for a chance. 

The opportunity came at the check-out. She'd deliberately queued behind the girl and she watched as her goods were processed and the assistant presented her with the bill. 'That's sixty three dollars.' 

The girl fumbled in her purse, spilling out the notes and rummaging through coins. She counted them in growing confusion until she finally raised her eyes to the assistant. 'I'm sorry, I don't have enough.'

The check out girl stared at her with bored eyes and shrugged. 'Credit card?'

'Um, no.'

'It's still sixty -three dollars then. Cash.'

'I'll...uh, I'll have to put some things back. Can I do that? Um, these things here -'

'Perhaps I can help.' Lucy moved forward quickly. 'It's a shame to put stuff back and it will hold up everyone. Let me help.' She proffered a twenty-dollar bill.

'Oh, no, I couldn't....no, thankyou. I'll just -'

Lucy pressed the twenty into the shop assistant's hand. 'Here,' she said. 'Take that. Charge this young lady the balance.'

The girl protested but Lucy insisted. 'It's nothing,' she said. 'Really. You can pay me back when you like.' She regarded the girl's face, seeing for the first time the little lines around her mouth and the gleam of awareness in her bright blue eyes. A little older than I first thought, but not by much.  'Are you from around here?'

'No - well, I mean yes.'

Lucy smiled. 'Is that a no or a yes?'

'I've just moved here - two days ago. I'm staying with my grandmother for the holidays...up in Claxton Street - the old green house.'

Lucy nodded. 'I know it. I go right past it on the way home. Let me give you a lift.'

'Oh no, there's no need.'

'I insist.' She smiled. 'I'm new too and I'd like to meet a friend.'

They loaded the bags into Lucy's little Golf and they chatted as she drove, taking the long way around to make the journey last. 

'I'm Lucy, by the way. What's your name?'

'Jennifer - Jenny.' The girl looked out of the window. 'Is this the right way home?' she asked. 'I don't remember it.'

'I've brought you round the coast road. It's not much further and I thought I could show you a few places as you're new to the village.' She glanced at the girl. 'I'm assuming you haven't been here before?'

'No. Gran usually comes to us, but she's just had a hip replacement. Mum would have come with me but she's really busy at work so I said I'd help.'

'That's very kind of you. Not many young people would do that.'

The girl smiled. 'I don't mind. She's a wonderful old lady.' But I'd rather be at home, having fun. 

'What about you, Jenny?' Lucy didn't want to hear about the old lady. She could smell the warm fragrance of the girl's body and she wanted to know more about her.

'Me? Well, I've just finished high school - I start at Uni next year. My Mum's on her own too, so I'm usually at home with her.' She laughed briefly. 'That tells you how boring I am.'

Lucy smiled. 'You can still have a good time, even in Thirlemere looking after your Gran.'

'Really?' the girl glanced out of the window. 'I'd have said this was the arsehole of the world...uh, I mean -' she turned to Lucy, her cheeks pink with rising embarrassment. 'Sorry. I guess it's your home...I didn't mean to be rude.'

'No problem. In winter it is the arsehole of the world. In summer it's delightful.' So she's a party girl.  'Do you have a boyfriend?'

The girl shook her head. 'No. I've had a couple, but no one at the moment.'

'I know exactly how you feel.'

Jenny didn't answer and they drove in silence for a few moments before Lucy spoke again. 'Would you like to come to dinner tonight?' She glanced at the girl, watching her open her mouth to refuse. 'No - wait. There's a few of us - single girls like you. About your age, or just a bit older. We all go to the local seafood restaurant on Saturdays...it's sort of a regular thing. Sometimes there's a couple of us and sometimes five or six. It's totally relaxed, Jenny, a few drinks and a few laughs, that's all. It's always a good night, and it won't be late.' She paused to judge the girl's reaction. 'I can't think of a quicker way for you to meet a few folk just like yourself,' she added.

'Well -'

'Thirlemere really will be an arsehole of a place if you don't get to meet a few people,' Lucy interrupted. She reached over and touched the girl's arm lightly. 'If money's a problem -'

'No - no, its not that. I just don't want to intrude.'

Lucy laughed. 'You won't be intruding, I promise. The girls will love you and it will be a great night - ah, here we are!' She drew up alongside the old green house. 'So it's settled, then. I'll pick you up at seven.'

She watched as the girl stepped out of the car and collected her bags and she drove away, humming to herself. She would make sure the others kept away tonight - there would only be herself and Jenny and all of her instincts told her she was in with a chance. 

* 

The dinner went well. Jenny hadn't even asked about the others not turning up, and from the start they'd hit it off, chatting together though the meal. The girl drank steadily and by the time dessert was served she was speaking freely. Lucy let her do most of the talking, content to sit back and admire the view. 

Jenny was talking about her father. 'So what happened to him?' Lucy asked. 

'He ran off with his secretary. She was about half his age - well, she looked it anyway.' Jenny took another sip of her wine. 'Apparently he'd been fuc - um, having it off with her for months and Mum didn't know. Bastard!'

'If your Mum looked anything like you then he's a stupid bastard.'

Jenny smiled at the compliment. 'We found out he'd been dipping his wick in other girls around town too. What a prick!'

'So what happened to him?'

The girl shook her head. 'He had to leave town in a hurry - apparently some of the local guys didn't take kindly to him porking their wives. He lost his job, too. Last I heard he was on the dole with an ugly baby and his girlfriend doing tricks to make ends meet.' Her eyes met Lucy's. 'Well, perhaps not - but that's what he deserved.'

'Is that why you're not too keen on blokes?'

Jenny regarded her new friend with surprise. 'Who said I wasn't?'

'No one. Just an impression you've given.' 

The girl took another mouthful of wine and was silent for a few moments. 'He put me off men, that's for sure,' she said at length. 'And so did the first boy I had - all over me like a rash. I'll never be treated like that again. I'm going to pick my next guy really carefully, no matter how long it takes.' She smiled to herself. If only she knew. 

'That's the problem with being pretty. You can be sure it's not your mind they're after.'

The girl nodded absently and held up her glass to the candle, watching the light diffused though the soft amber liquid. 'So have you got a guy?'

Lucy shook her head. She'd spent a lot of trouble on her appearance and she knew she looked good. 'Nope. A bit like you, really. I had a couple and got royally shafted, so to speak. That was three years ago - I've been alone ever since.' In fact she'd been a lesbian all her life and the thought of cock was repulsive.

'Bastards!' Jenny lifted the glass to her lips. 

'Indeed. I can't say I've missed them.'

'So don't you get lonely?'

'Not at all. I've got my girlfriends - most of them are in the same situation.'

'Bastards,' Jenny repeated. She regarded Lucy with interest. 'Are you -'

Lucy nodded, her eyes on the girl's face. 'Not what you expected, I bet.'

'No. I thought you were all butch and wore sensible leather shoes.' The girl smiled. 'So you've been making a pass at me all night, and I didn't get it. Is that why the others aren't here?'

Lucy shook her head, surprised at the girl's perspicacity. 'We're not like guys. Not predatory, like them. I'm here because I like your company, Jenny,' she lied. 'Nothing more.' 

'So why do you like it - girls, I mean.' The wine made her bold.

'Why not? They're softer, smell better, taste nicer and don't have the ego trips that most guys do. And because they have the same architecture they know how to please you.'

'But isn't it awkward? At least with a guy you know what he wants.'

Lucy smiled at her naivety. God she is lovely she thought, and so fucking innocent too.  She felt the rising tide of excitement in the pit of her belly at the thought of seducing the girl, and at the thrill of the chase - like a spider waiting in the shadows, watching the juicy young fly flitting around the edge of its carefully laid web. 

'If another woman wants you she'll let you know,' Lucy said. 'My first was my aunt - my Mum's younger sister. She was only eight years older than I was - about the same difference as you and me, I guess. I'd always thought of her as trendy...you know, much more fun than other adults. I had no idea she was gay although I don't think it would have changed things if I had...come to that, I had no idea I was gay either.' She laughed, remembering the night. 'I was staying over and she came into my room that night as I was reading. Next thing I know she was kissing me...I guess I'd put out some sort of message. Anyway, before I could say boo she was in bed, eating me.'

Jenny glanced around the room in alarm to see if anyone could hear, but the nearest table was too far away. 'Weren't you embarrassed?' she whispered.

'Shit no! What she was doing with her tongue was magic. She sure knew just where to put it, and how often and how hard. I'm not offending you, am I?'

The girl shook her head, her eyes wide at what she was hearing. 'And did you....do her, too? Is that how it works?'

'There's no rules, Jenny. You do whatever you're comfortable with. All she wanted that first night was to make me happy.' She regarded the girl, seeing the brightness of her gaze and the flush of colour in her cheeks, and her vulva crimped at the thought of having her tongue inside her. 'Pretty different from the way guys try to get across you, wouldn't you say?'

Jenny nodded vaguely. 'Did you go back?' she asked. 'With your aunt I mean.'

'Hell yes! We were an item for a couple of years until she found a more permanent arrangement.' In fact her aunt had broken it off when Lucy got too aggressive one night. 'Since then I've never looked back.' She studied the girl for a moment. 'I hope I haven't made you feel awkward.'

The girl shook her head. 'No...no, you haven't. There were girls at school who were rumoured to be...well, you know, um - that way inclined, but they kept to themselves. I've never really had the chance to talk to someone like you.' She regarded the older woman, careful to keep her expression neutral. 

Lucy laughed softly and leaned forward. 'You can say the word, you know,' she said. 'Lesbian. You had lesbians at school.' She paused for a moment, watching the girl's face. 'I'm not surprised, Jenny. There are lots of us around, you know, probably far more than you think and for the most part we're normal, decent people just like you.'

'I didn't mean to be -'

'You weren't, trust me,' Lucy interrupted. She glanced around the restaurant. 'I bet there's probably three others in this very room,' she said.

Jenny was intrigued. 'How can you tell?' 

'If they're attracted to you it's easy - there's the eye contact, the smile...the look, if you like. But even if they're not hunting you just sense it...it's like an aura, I guess'. 

Jenny smiled at her. Well, you haven't picked my aura,  she thought. So you're not as clever as you think.  She liked the idea of appearing naïve and innocent, of watching the hunter become the hunted. 'What aura do you think I have?' she asked.

Lucy smiled. 'A lonely one.' She glanced at her watch. 'I promised you an early night, Jenny. Do you want dessert or coffee?'

'No thanks. I'd better get back.'

'Right. I'll drop you off home, then'

Jenny was quiet on the way home and Lucy let her think. She could see the girl's interest and sense her arousal, but she also knew that if she pushed too hard she'd frighten her away. They arrived outside the big house and Lucy killed the engine and turned to her. 

'So did you enjoy tonight?'

'Yes, thank you. You've been very kind.'

'I enjoyed it too...perhaps we can do it again soon, if you like.' She regarded the girl's face, illuminated in the glowing lights of the instrument panel. It was turned towards her, the soft full lips slightly open and Lucy could see desire and nervousness in her expression. On impulse she leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the mouth, her lips lingering. For a moment she thought Jenny would pull away, but she didn't: her mouth was soft and Lucy could taste the sweetness of her breath and the faint bouquet of the wine she had drunk. 

'Do you want me to go?' she whispered. The lips under hers were as soft as feather down and the perfume of her skin intoxicating. She felt Jenny shake her head and she reached up and cupped the girl's cheek, her fingers lightly touching the soft skin of her face and neck. She could feel the thready pulse of Jenny's carotid artery racing under her fingertips and smell the warm musk of her excitement. Lucy broke the kiss briefly. 'Come home with me,' she whispered. 

'I can't...I have to be near my grandmother.' 

A sudden image floated into Lucy's mind: the old woman alone in her bed whilst her granddaughter lay spread -eagled in a nearby room, her hands clutching the bedspread and her pale body twitching as Lucy ate her. She smiled to herself. This could be a really interesting night.  'Then let me come in. Let me stay with you.'

Jenny nodded nervously and Lucy felt a surge of triumph and excitement. I'll have her tonight,  she thought. A little virgin, mine for the taking, and I'll teach her...show her what I want and how to give it. She'll be mine.  Lucy bent her face forward again and allowed her tongue to penetrate her willing mouth, and the smell of the girl's excitement was as sweet as honey in her nostrils.

*

Jenny Phillips was nineteen years old but had the sexual experience of a woman twice her age. 

She'd found out early that sex was a necessary part of her life, and she'd started young. Her first time was with a local boy a year older than her, a Friday night fumble in the back of his car fifty yards from her house: sweaty kisses tasting of cigarettes and stale beer and rough hands on her tender skin; the lancing pain of his penetration and almost immediately the flooding warmth of his semen splashed carelessly into her body. She went home with blood on her thighs and a burning resolve to try it again, preferably as soon as possible, to find out if sex was really that bad or whether she'd just been unlucky. 

She rose late the next morning and went down to the kitchen, dressed in a tank top and cut away shorts. There was a note from her mother to say she'd gone into town and would be back after lunch, and her breakfast was in the oven. Jenny took the plate out to the verandah and sat at the little table looking over the back garden. The sun was well up and it promised to be a hot day. She could hear the barking of dogs and the buzz of lawn mowers, and the muted roar of traffic on the freeway to the south. She thought about last night and grimaced in distaste: there had been nothing good about it. She knew instinctively that wasn't right - there were slut girls in her class who went all the way just about every night, or so the stories went, and they seemed to be happy. She picked at her food, frowning with concentration as she thought about who she could do it with - not a boy, that was for sure: she needed someone with experience - someone who'd done it before, lots of times. Someone who had demonstrated credentials. Someone married. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a flash of movement from behind the wooden fence to her right. There were gaps where the timber had warped and as she looked the movement occurred again: a glimpse of dark hair and the gleam of an eye pressed against the fence. David. He'd moved in next door a couple of months ago with his wife and a new baby. She'd seen him a couple of times, gazing over the fence but she'd not paid much attention. He seemed old to her - twenty five at least, and anyway his wife hustled him away every time he stopped to look. Jenny looked up at the house to see where she was, but there was no sign of her. She stood up and walked over to the fence and bent suddenly to peer though the gap where his eye had been. 

'Hi David.'

The eye retreated suddenly and his head appeared over the fence, a sheepish grin on his face. 

'Um, hi....um...Jane.'

'Jenny.'

'Yeah...Jenny. Sorry... I'm not so good with names.' He regarded her with open admiration. 'But I never forget a face.'

'So what are you doing?'

'Just about to mow the lawn.'

'And let me guess - you were checking out my lawn to see if you could trim that too.'

Dave laughed at the double entendre, his teeth white in the sunbrowned face. 'Yeah, something like that.' He looked over her boldly, his eyes roaming over the tight little breasts and the delicious curves of her body. Man, she was something.  'I couldn't see it too well though,' he said. 'Does it?' 

Jenny ignored the question. 'So where's your wife, Dave?' she asked. 'I don't think she likes you looking over the fence.'

'Pippa? She's gone to her mother's. She's sick.' He regarded her again, his eyes caressing her body. 'She won't be back 'till tomorrow at least. What are you doing, Jenny?'
