 Lara is a girl that had been through a lot of self searching and confusion. She was (is?) a christian, and had been focused very strongly on her faith. She had been educated in an "alternative" sort of school that taught some rather bizarre things (it was a 'holistic' kind of education that emphasized thought patterns instead of facts), which I decided early on I didn't want to know about because I would just end up questioning and insulting her. She was also into alternative medicines and health techniques.

I was attracted to her because she was artistic and passionate, both items that are very high on my female attractiveness list. Lara was a girl that desperately wanted to find herself, and had been searching hard. She had focused on the concept of finding the "right man" and eventually getting married and having children and being happy and fulfilled that way. 

Except she kept liking girls. She kept being attracted to girls. It was contrary to her concept of herself and what she wanted. So she was rejecting it. And yet she fell in love with a straight friend, refused to admit it and pushed her away because of it. She kissed a girl, and then wondered why. She later kissed and even made out a bit with a girl and felt guilty about it. Yet she kept coming back to it. I could see it was causing a ton of conflict inside her.

One of the things she did during this time was read lesbian fiction. I write lesbian romance and that's how we met. She read some of what I wrote, and contacted me. Asking me about things. We began to talk, we met, and it was like sparks flew. Her curiosity was insatiable, and while I was attracted and knew down deep this girl was not straight, she was lesbian, I just was there as a friend and tried to understand and listen and reflect back what she said and simply... help her understand herself. 

It didn't take long before she was admitting to me she really liked girls better. She also admitted she liked older women better. (I had a problem being called an 'older woman' but... she was like... 20 at the time, I think... sigh...). She admitted she had fallen for this friend of hers, Julia (it was obvious to me Julia was straight and was part of the frustration Lara had, she kept wanting things she couldn't have and the things she could have she circled around and then moved away). As I have said, I flirt without knowing it, and I had flirted with her some, and when she began admitting she really felt much happier with girls I guess my flirting ramped up. It came to a head with me kissing her at lunch once. Just leaning over and kissing her. She kissed back and it was really, really nice. I remember our hand just sort of reached for each other and rested on each other gently as we kissed, and the kiss lasted about... maybe 5, 10 seconds.

Things moved very quickly after that. She was really sort of hesitant because she didn't know whether to pursue me. I mean, I am 12 years older than she is. That's a big difference to someone that is 20 and inexperienced with someone that is 32, 33 and very experienced. She was intimidated by me, but then one of the things that drew her to me was how open, friendly, understanding and accepting I was. She had never met anyone like that before, I don't think. 

The second kiss happened in the parking lot, before we parted, and was much more romantic, with tongues and arms wrapped around each other. Once you do that, there is sort of an implied, unspoken willingness to pursue a romance, or at least to explore how far intimacy can go. 

The sexual tension between us skyrocketed at that point. I think she had turned a corner suddenly, deciding she wanted to experience being with a woman. I had started out trying to be a friend and she had suddenly turned into a prospective lover. I was hesitant because she was so much younger than myself. So I shared the situation with a good friend of mine and asked what she thought. The answer she gave was obvious. I had forgotten my friend had been in a long term committed relationship with a guy 12 years younger than herself. It came as no surprise she simply asked if the girl was mature enough to handle a relationship, and if so, she didn't see an issue.

So I texted Lara and asked if she'd like to go out that Saturday. I didn't say "date", but I did ask her out to dinner. She agreed immediately, no hesitation. Somehow in the back of my mind I pictured her doing a tiny happy dance. 

She came over to my place that evening and I kissed her on the lips when she came in. And then kissed her again a moment later.

We didn't go to dinner. She was clearly nervous about the evening, and about intimacy, but that nervousness somehow translated into aggressiveness. It was like I had unlocked something in her. I knew by now she was impulsive, energetic, passionate, and would randomly approach things or run away from things. She was approaching me, not running.

Instead of dinner we sat on the couch. It wasn't like we had said, "oh, let's sit and talk for a while," or "Would you like some wine before we go?" or anything like that. No, it was more like... we kissed and then we walked to the couch and wrapped arms around each other and kissed some more. Her hands were on my body and began finding intimate places (my breasts at first) so it was pretty obvious in the first 60 seconds on the couch that we were in foreplay.

I could tell I was getting wet. There's a sort of warm, engorged sensation I get between my legs when I am aroused and it was happening. It was like the warmth between my legs was saying, "hey, it would be really cool if something touched me right now."

Lara has really long hair and at the time I did too. That was a fun thing, because I love putting my fingers into long hair, and I love having fingers in mine. I leaned back and sort of yielded to Lara, letting her be on top on the couch for a while, and her long hair flowed over my shoulders and then on either side of my face as we kissed. 

I remember my hands on her ass, holding and squeezing, and pressing her hips in. She has an amazing ass. Not super skinny, but it felt tight. Muscular. She's skinny, not super skinny, but thinner than me. I could feel her ribs against mine, I remember.

My legs spread, with one leg hanging over the edge of the couch, the other with the knee up and then eventually sliding over her thighs. Her hands had slid up under my top, which was a pull over blouse, and were reaching for my breasts. I remember thinking she was going to beat me to touching the first intimate sexual part of the other's body by getting her hands on my breasts. She was being aggressive. And she was a good kisser. 

She reached my breasts and I think I must have moaned or said something because she backed off and stopped kissing for a second. I was like... god no don't stop, and removed one hand from her ass and moved hers back up to my left breast. When my hand returned to her ass, it was in an attempt to get underneath her jeans. Which were tight, and I couldn't get underneath very far.

This sort of heralded the need to begin removing clothing. Thank god we were both raging horny at that point otherwise it would have been awkward. My hands left her ass and began fumbling with her jeans button and zipper. She lifted her hips to help but... I needed help. 

So we disengaged, she sat up and so did I. I stripped my top and bra off while she undid her jeans. She slid out of her jeans and as soon as she was done I leaned over and removed her top and bra.

I moved in at that point and pushed her down. Our naked breasts came together, and pressed. That is one of those things that happens between two women that has like... well, emotional sort of significance for me. The feeling where the softness comes together, and it is clear we are two women, not a man and woman, it is like a trigger for me. I want to align nipples, feel my nipples (which are rather sensitive most of the time) to feel hers. I kissed her, my hair hanging down over her head this time, and felt her naked torso and mine come together. 

She was naked except for socks and panties, but I still had my jeans on. Not fair. My hands were roaming, aiming to get down between her legs, though I was having a lot of fun just letting my fingertips feel her skin around her ribs and side and waist. 

Instead, I reached up and felt her breasts. She has larger breasts than I (of course) and they felt marvelous. My lips were on her neck and clavicle, my favorite location and a woman, and it was turning out to be amazingly fun. I was exploring her body for the first time, which I find an amazing treat for any woman. 

I moved to a slightly bent sort of kneeling position, my right knee between her legs and my left down on the ground supporting me. We were still on the couch and it was narrow enough we were both sort of wriggling around, maintaining position and yet trying to find ways of exploring each other. 

My lips slid down to find her right nipple and I suckled. Her nipple hardened immediately and she spoke. I didn't understand her so I looked up but she had her eyes closed, so I figured she was enjoying. Her hands were in my hair, gently, then my shoulders, then under me and on my breasts, then my hair again.

The couch thing was getting old. I abandoned my position and stood.

"Let's go to the bedroom." 

She nodded and we went. I stripped my jeans and panties off and she stripped her panties off and we were naked when we lay on top of the bedspread.

Passion can be satisfied and even enjoyable on the couch. Especially if one needs it urgently. But moving to the bed meant the ability to spread out, literally and figuratively. It was like freedom. Freedom to do anything with her I wanted.

She was new to this, in fact, she was a virgin. I knew this from earlier conversations. She had made out with some guys, but had never done the deed. She had kissed girls, one passionately, but otherwise... nada. This was about as new to her as anything could get.

So, I made love to her.

I started at her lips, kissing and caressing her, then moved to whisper in her ear, "you are amazing, I want you so badly..." or some such... I can't remember exactly, but you get the idea. It was true, too. She was young, sensual, sexy, beautiful, passionate, and open to me. It was clear she wanted this, like, really badly. 

From her lips I moved to her neck, feeling her breasts and body as I slid down, moving further, slowly. I spent time on her nipples, then her stomach, and diverted to her hips and then inner thighs. She spread her legs for me to accommodate.

I could tell she wanted it badly, that I was teasing her and even frustrating her a bit, by her body movement. She alternatively arched her back, then thrust her hips up. I refused to go to her pussy right off, I wanted to make love to her, to explore her, to have my tongue and fingers slide along every curve, every smooth flat bit of flesh. Her body was marvelous, and deserved time.

But I finally acquiesced and my tongue slid in and felt the folds of her pussy.

It was interesting. My tongue felt her pussy before my fingers. Not the usual, but in this case... just the way it worked out.

She was shaved. Freshly. I can tell you for sure she didn't normally shave. She wasn't experienced enough. The fact she was shaved meant she had intended (hoped) that we would make love that night. She had anticipated this. (I had freshly shaved as well. I guess we had both wanted it.)

And she was wet. Soaking. I could taste it before I even found the folds of her pussy, it was on her thighs. 

Moving between her legs my tongue found her labia and began caressing it. She pushed her thighs up toward me. I found her clit, and my tongue pushed down. She grabbed my hair. I flicked. She pushed my head in, smashing my face into her.

I began to get the idea. It was learning her. It was different than my last, not quite the way I did it normally, but she needed more aggression. OK. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and dove in, my tongue sliding over her pussy and massaging her clit. The reaction was immediate. She began to writhe, moving her hips in rhythm to my tongue and face. 

I moved my tongue to penetrate her pussy. My nose found her clit, something I've learned to do at times; tongue inside, nose on clit to keep the stimulation going. I tasted her. I realized, this was the first time someone had actually been inside her, even if it was just the tip of my tongue. Her taste was slightly sweet (she eats a lot of fruit). 

My arms were wrapped around her legs, but she was clearly wanting as much stimulation as she could get, so I unwrapped my right arm and brought my fingers in. I slipped one inside, curling slightly and began movement, gentle but steady, matching the movement of my tongue on her clit.

I didn't know her well enough to know whether I should do any anal stim, and it was too early to try and find out. Right then I wanted her to cum, and would do nothing to distract from that.

My left hand went up and searched for her right breast. 

She didn't cum right away. It took a little while, but I was persistent, changing my rate of stimulation, the angle and pressure slightly, trying to take cues from the way she was reacting. I couldn't understand her talk, so it was all based on how her body moved and the noises she made.

But she did cum, eventually. I could tell. Her eyes were open for it, though she was looking at the ceiling. Her lips pursed together as if she was straining to lift something. I was rubbing her clit with my tongue and massaging inside with two fingers (she was tight) as hard as I could without being afraid of hurting her. But she came. Tensing, her movement (which was sort of constant before) slowed and became still, though it was a tense stillness, like she had tightened every muscle in her body. She held her breath for a second or two and then gasped for air and must have sworn or something... and her hips vibrated like they were exhausted and weak.

When she relaxed and took a few deep breaths, I slid up next to her, laying on my side with my right leg over her left (which was splayed out wide to the side. I sort of rubbed my own pussy against her thigh a couple of times and used my wet fingers to play with her nipple as she slowed and recovered from a very strained, difficult orgasm. She had really had to concentrate on it, it hadn't come easily, which worried me a bit. I wondered if she was having trouble because she wasn't that thrilled about femsex.

She took my hand and smelled it, smelling her own scent. I moved a finger to her lips, not wanting to force it on her, but sliding one finger tip over her lips. She licked and then took my two fingers, the ones that had been inside her and sucked them for a moment.

"I've never tasted that before," she admitted.

"You taste sweet," I said. 

I think she actually blushed at that. She was at times very shy, others very open and aggressive.

Suddenly she rolled over and wrapped arms around me, hugging me close. She said something in my ear. I pulled her back and looked at her lips and she repeated it. "Thank you."

"Of course, I ... well, I hope you enjoyed it." I said.

She looked weird. Like she was happy but not happy. But she nodded and said, "I am so glad it was with you. It was... amazing."

I smiled and kissed her and she kissed me back, hard and deep. 

I figured out later that the experience was more than she had ever hoped for. She was just trying to process it. It was her first time, and it was with a woman, something she had never expected and just recently had come to accept. And it was better than she had imagined. She was literally coming to terms with the fact she was lesbian at that point, and it was consuming her mind.

She wanted to respond, to take care of me at that point. I told her no, that pleasuring her and being there with her was more than enough. Which was true. So we simply snuggled, cuddled, did the things that girls do after making love. Small playful things, talking, petting my cat.

I asked if she wanted something to eat (we hadn't gone out like we had planned). "Nope. Not hungry, maybe... later."

Which wasn't unexpected. She watches what she eats very carefully and doesn't eat much, which is why her body is pretty much perfect.

Eventually, she said, "I want to taste you."

So I guided her fingers down between my legs, showed her how to massage my clit a bit, and then guided two of her fingers inside me. I spread my legs for her, and shifted up a bit, and she sort of moved in and out a bit. It felt good, and I reacted and she sort of did that for a while, watching my expression.

She kept her fingers down there for a while, but eventually pulled them up and tasted them.

"You taste different than me. It... isn't bad. I thought it would be bad."

I laughed. "Well, it's... biological. Changes subtly sometimes. But I have never found the taste bad, not at all. In fact, I enjoy it a lot. The taste means a lot to me. It's the taste of sex, of intimacy."

She reached down again and began rubbing my clit, and I simply lay on my back next to her, legs spread, and let her go. It felt good. I let her start slow, and then told her when to go faster. Showed her how to get one finger or thumb on my clit, not at first, but later when I was ready. And two fingers inside. (She had trimmed nails which was really a good thing).

"Some girls like one, some two. Some none. A few like more, not many," I said in sort of a raspy voice as she kept going. She leaned down and suckled one breast and I moaned and said, "fuck... yes..." I added the "yes" to make sure she knew I loved that. I do, too. I love my nipples being sucked.

As I began to get close to cumming, I rolled over, keeping my legs spread for her and when she tried to pull away I grabbed her hand and pushed it back in. I wanted to kiss her and feel her body next to mine when I came.

She kept going, and I pushed her hand harder, urging her to push and go faster. "I'm going to come... keep going.."

When I came I wasn't kissing her. I was on my side, my right leg up, knee bent, left leg out straight. My hips were slightly parted from hers, and I was moving them as if I was being fucked, which I was sort of. Our stomachs were pressed together, breasts touching slightly, but my head was leaned back away from hers.

I closed my eyes and swore and moaned as I came. 

When I was done I pulled her hand out of me and wrapped my legs around her and arms around her and kissed her and then just held her as tightly as I could. I cried... which I do sometimes when I have sex with a woman.

That worried her, of course. It isn't big sobs, but she could see the tears. I had to explain that I sometimes cry when I have an intense sexual experience with a woman and it isn't a bad thing.

I think it must have been like... 1:00 in the morning when we got up and got some food. I had a few things in the fridge and made sandwiches. We ate nude and played footsie I remember.

We slept together afterward, and she didn't leave until 10 or 11 the next morning.

But that's a different story. Not a lot different, but different.