 Chapter 2: More than Just Friends

The limousine turned off the main road and moved between the old stone pillars that secured the open ornate iron gate. The car made its way though the heavily wooded grounds towards the large and impressive 200-plus year old stone manor house. It was all very imposing yet welcoming. 

The driver opened the car door and I began to step out. Even I was reasonably sure that I had regained my mental and physical composure after my delightful spontaneous tryst with myself, I wasn’t completely sure that what I had done was completely undetectable. I certainly had the lingering scent of sex with me but the driver gave no indication either way.

Linda must have been watching for my arrival. I was barely out of the car and still trying to evaluate my driver’s demeanor when the front door of the house burst open and Linda came rushing out at me. She practically took us both the ground with a crushing bear hug. We were wrapped in each other’s arms, crushing our bodies together, sobbing with deep emotions, telling each other how much we missed and loved each other, our voices muffled by crying and our smothering embraces. 

It took a while but we eventually calmed down and moved into the house. Linda gave me a tour of their lovely home. We walked through the manor hand in hand. The tour ended in front a beautiful upstairs bedroom. My suitcases had already been placed beside the bed. While Linda and I hugged again, she said, “I’m sure you would like to relax after your trip. How about a sauna? I’ll be right back with some wine. There is a robe in the closet if you need one.”

I did have a robe but took advantage of the oversized plush white one that was provided. I wrapped it around my naked body and instantly I felt warm and secure. Linda returned in an identical robe carrying two fine crystal glasses containing the most exquisite Chardonnay. We talked and sipped down the long hallway and entered the sauna anteroom. Large towels hung on finely carved wooden hooks. A full bottle of the same Chardonnay sat cooling in an ice bucket. I followed Linda’s lead and removed my robe and wrapped myself in the towel. Linda went from robe, through nakedness, to towel with amazing ease. I deliberately took advantage of the opportunity to see Linda’s naked form. It was perfectly lovely. Linda watched and smiled at me while I made that same transition.

Linda pulled her long auburn hair back in a ponytail, grabbed the wine bottle and opened the door to sauna. I felt the hot air on my face, arms and legs. We sat together on the long center bench. We reminisced, drank wine, giggled, hugged and enjoyed each other’s company. 

It didn’t take long before the combination of our emotions, the hot steamy air, and the Chardonnay made up both lightheaded. The tone of our conversation turned. We became a bit more somber and wistful, not a giddy as before. We missed each other so very much. We sat together on the bench, she leaning back against me, my arms wrapped around her. She turned her head and looked up at me. I returned her gaze. Our faces, dotted with tiny pears of sweat, moved closer. Our lips touched gently but with the heat of a thousand saunas. Our eyes closed, my arms tightened around my Linda. Our lips pressed together just a bit harder. Our breaths were deep and filled with emotion. We stayed in that first kiss until it was just natural to end it. We looked into each other’s eyes and we knew this was right. We could kiss again. We should kiss again. We did kiss again.

Linda turned so she could also hold me in her arms. “Oh, Lisa”, she purred. “I love you so much. I am so glad you are here. Stay with me. I love you!”

“I love you too Linda. I have missed you so much. You mean so much to me. It has been so hard for me since Jeff died. I need you very badly.”

There was little else to say at that point. I kissed Linda again. Her perfect mouth parted and our tongues met. It was a delicate dance, filled with deep love and passion, not hard or rough. She tasted as she looked, so very soft and so very sweet.

This kiss ended and I whispered, “Linda. I want to make love to you. Please.”

She hugged me to reassure me that I had not hurt her or our friendship. “Yes. I want you to but not here. Not like this.”

We left the sauna and used the anteroom shower in complete silence. Again wearing the robes, Linda lead my by the hand into her and Bob’s grand bedroom. We laid on the bed still in our robes and resumed our kisses with an increasing intensity to our passion. Lying side by side, we paused and looked at each other longingly, our hair in damp tangles, our robes doing little to cover us. This time I kissed Linda’s lips very softly. I drew in her breath. My hand slowly moved down the side of her trim body, still draped with the open robe. My eyes looked at her firm luscious breasts as they swelled with the rhythm of her deep breathing. My hand made its way over her waist and down past her hips and touched the bare skin of her beautiful thigh. Linda knew of my intentions and she wanted me to continue. Her leg lifted and my hand rested against the inner thigh of her lower leg. Her eyes closed and her body relaxed into a willing surrender as my hand moved up her thigh. She twitched the instant that my hand touched her womanhood. I felt her. She was smooth, soft and damp. Her legs parted further as if begging me to probe her. My fingers cupped the wet entrance to Linda. Her flesh was very warm and seemed to pulsate with passion. My fingers delicately traced her slippery pouty lips. I gently parted them and tickled the entrance and brushed against the hard swollen bud of her clitoris. Linda brought her face to mine, her eyes still closed. She kissed me, extending her wet tongue slowly past my lips. My fingers duplicated this act and effortlessly slid deep into my precious Linda. She squeezed down hard on my fingers, wrapping them in her wet internal folds. We had finally crossed into that special area. There was no fear or concern now. We could freely express our love physically as well as verbally. We now shared our bodies as well as our feelings.

I withdrew from Linda and brought my hand to her breast. I placed the tips of my wet fingers to her nipple and circled it, spreading the clear wetness. Her nipple contracted quickly. I delighted in the sight of seeing it become so hard and erect as I liberally spread the juices of her pussy. I brought my face to her breast. I was eager to taste my Linda. My own pussy flowed with liquid anticipation. I first licked the wetness from her nipple with my tongue before absorbing her nipple deep into my mouth. I sighed deeply when Linda’s velvety taste bathed my tongue. My tongue swirled around her nipple until I had replaced her juices with my saliva. We both cooed and moaned.

I was startled when I felt Linda’s fingers touch my lips at her breast. They were very wet and smelled of her pussy. She was presenting me with more and more of her taste. We began to do it together. Together, both our hands made trips to the source of Linda’s wet passion and together we brought it to her breasts and my mouth. We both drew in her exquisite scent. I looked deep into her eyes and as our hands once again moved up from between Linda’s legs but this time we did not touch her breasts. Her hand went to my mouth and mine to hers. We kissed, our tongues mingling and sharing the taste. Our hands left our faces. Mine again slid deep into Linda but this time, hers opened me and filled my dripping pussy. Oh how I welcomed that great feeling! Now we kissed hard and with no restrictions. Our tongues pressed deep. Our mouths pressed together hard. Our fingers, coated in cum, slid across our faces and into our mouths. Our separate tastes created one unique sensation.

The heat of our lovemaking rose to a new level. We needed more. We needed the release of orgasm. I wanted to taste, smell and feel Linda, not from her mouth or her fingers but directly from the source. I wanted to feel the power of her orgasm on my mouth. I wanted my tongue to feel what my fingers had already known. I also wanted her to experience the same from me. I wanted to feel her hands against my buttocks and the feeling of her face pressed completely between my legs. I wanted to feel the delicate probing of her tongue deep inside of me. I wanted her to quell the ache of my clitoris.

We were of like mind. There was no need to say anything. In moments we were completely naked. I was atop Linda looking between her legs, my own on either side of Linda’s head. Linda’s pussy was so lovely and inviting. Her hard clitoris was no longer covered by an unaroused hood. Her lips were wet, pink, swollen and parted, presenting me with the slippery entrance to her ecstasy. I lowered my face and pressed into Linda. My hips did the same and Linda’s mouth slid against my pussy. With identical motions and caresses we moved ourselves to orgasm. My face slid effortlessly about Linda’s wet and hairless pussy. I sucked her fleshy lips with my mouth, savoring the scent and texture of her nectar.

It felt so wonderful to have Linda’s face at my pussy. I could easily feel my body clench and expel more and more of my own lubrication with each dart of her tongue into me. As I became wetter, Linda and my union became more and more slippery. It was a wonderful sensation!

“Lisa! You taste and feel so wonderful. I want you to come!” Linda exclaimed.

I felt two fingers fill my pussy. Linda’s tongue furiously danced about my clit while her fingers mimicked the motions of a cock.

“Oh Linda! I’m going to come. Please don’t stop! I want to come so badly. I want to make you come too!”

We performed a wonderfully symmetrical sexual dance, she doing to me exactly what I was doing to her. It took only moments and our climaxes took us over. We both quivered and clenched in orgasm. My tongue was blessed with the contractions of Linda’s pussy, my face drenched with her seeping cum. My own spasms produced no less of a result. 

We collapsed on the bed as if momentarily paralyzed but our lovemaking could not end there. We faced each other again and hugged. We kissed, our wet faces still wet with our love, our scent all about us. A calm easy sleep crept over us. I dreamt of Linda. I also dreamt of Bob.