 On her visit to her friend's home city, Katrina was so bored that night because she had nothing planned. She was a brunette with majestic hybrid silver/hazel eyes. She wasn't skinny but she had curves that guys drool over. Contemplating where to go that night, she decided to do something she had never done before but had always thought of and had fantasies of in the back of her mind. She told her friend, Madison, that she wanted to try going to a gay bar and that it would be something different and fun for the both of them. Being the party animal that she is, Madison quickly agreed. Madison was definitely skinnier and taller than Katrina but stunning in her own ways; she was a red head with dark eyes that could expose your deepest, darkest fantasies.

While they were getting ready, trying to rock a look that they know will turn all the girls' heads, Katrina couldn't help but notice Madison and the way she looked that night. Similarly, she caught Madison giving her the same glimpses of secret desire as she turned to see how good her tight jeans looked on her big, round ass, but decided to go with a dress that better showed her curves and D cup boobs. Both of them had fierce looks in their eyes they had both noticed before, but tonight those looks meant a little more than they should; they were magnetic and almost too seductive.

They got in their car and drove off to the gay street in town. They both walked down the street and randomly chose a bar with a noticeably large number of girls in it. Hot girls, butch girls, slutty girls, and nerdy girls, this place was full of viable options for Katrina to live out her sexy little lesbian fantasy with.

As soon as they walked in they noticed the typical bar look but with big TV screens and a nice fountain in the back. The hostess gave Katrina a seductive look that made her blush, and then spoke into the microphone saying, "Looks like we have a new comer! What's your name, beautiful?"

"Katrina."

"What a beautiful name. It doesn't look like you're from here. Where are you from?"

"Not from around here," she said with the mysterious smile she is known for.

The hostess gave a knowing smile and said " Well then, hope you have fun tonight."

Katrina smiled, flipped her hair, looked at Madison who was absolutely stunned at how quickly things were looking up for Katrina and they both took a seat at a table near the bar. Katrina quickly took two shots for some liquid courage and lit a cigarette with Madison. They talked about how hot they looked that night to boost each other's egos. Even though Madi wasn't planning on getting a girl that night, she still wanted options.

As they sat there, drinking, Katrina caught looks coming her way from the gorgeous hostess. She had a magical aura that Katrina found absolutely hypnotizing. She had long locks of golden hair and a golden headband. The hostess looked mysterious, she wore ankle high boots, tight high-waist jeans and a top that showed off her perfect cleavage. She smiled at her. Katrina felt nervous. The first thing she though of was to make her jealous.

Katrina turned to Madi and explained this to her. Madi understood exactly what was to be done. She put her hand on Katrina's thigh and began to stroke it in and out while she gave her a puff of her cigarette to smoke out of her hand. She did this with such seduction and the same piercing eye glare that Katrina knows all too well. For a second she forgot all about the hostess and instinctively stroked Madi's hair behind her ear while softly pulling her hair just like she knows she likes. Madi's eyes closed for a second too long and Katrina knew that she was completely turned on by this move. They both looked like they were enjoying each other's company as Madi continued to stroke Katrina's thigh closer to her ass that she loves so much. The closer Madi got to her ass, the harder Katrina pulled her hair and softly scratched behind her ear.

Just when things were getting a little too hot for the both them, Katrina looked at Madison and said, "I think it's working baby, your work here is done. Thank you." Surprised at how abruptly Katrina left her hanging, Madi blinked twice and said, "no problem, we're jut trying to have a new kind of fun tonight!"

The hostess started to make her way through the crows towards Katrina. It worked.

She smiled at the both of them but was standing a little too close to Katrina. She smiled at her and asked where she was from claiming that she was too curious not to know. Katrina reached out and stroked the hostess's arm and charmingly told her that she should probably know her name before telling her all these things about herself. At this point, Madison announced that she would go get more drinks to give them some time alone. The hostess introduced herself by putting both arms on Katrina's shoulders bringing her close and whispering her name in her ear, "Hailey."

At this point, Katrina was definitely feeling her. She put her arm around her waist and told her it was a beautiful name. Hailey asked her if she smoked and when Katrina nodded, they both went outside the bar, away from all the people, to smoke. Katrina put a cigarette in her mouth as Hailey held out her hands to light it for her. Their eyes met in a seductive moment of give and take. Katrina then proceeded to tell Hailey that she thinks having someone light your cigarette for you is one of the sexiest things. Upon hearing this, Hailey blushed and said, "well then. Your welcome."

She was pretty cheeky.

As they stood there talking, each girl was slowly analyzing the other's soft lips, hair flips, the look in their eyes, and how they smile and the things they laugh at. They were really beginning to see the sparks. Now that they were closer to each other, Katrina could notice Hailey's hazel eyes, her favorite! She quickly interrupted her and admitted, "Oh my God. I'm really sorry to interrupt you like this, but you're talking and all I could focus on are your beautiful eyes. Has anyone every told you how gorgeous your hazel eyes are?" Hailey just looked at her surprised that she even noticed her eye color, she bit her lip and felt like Katrina was one of a kind.

After being stared at by Hailey like that Katrina began to think she had said something wrong so she looked away nervously. Before she could turn her gaze back towards Hailey, she felt her step uncomfortably close to her and grabbing her by her waist. Katrina quickly responded by telling her that it was just a compliment and that she had never done this before. Hailey told her she didn't have to do anything she didn't want to but that it feels too right to ignore.

Katrina whispered, "yeah but this is not fair. Who told you I loved to be grabbed by the waist like that? You're playing all the right cards, how can I say no?"

Hailey pulled her closer and allowed her lips to linger close to Katrina's, and waited for her to make a decision. No longer able to control the feeling, Katrina let her lips touch Hailey's, still unsure, Hailey didn't kiss back and let her lips be controlled by Katrina's. Little did she know that was Katrina's forte; she loved to be in control. Katrina stroked Hailey's back ever so slowly but quickly got into the groove. They were both kissing passionately now with Katrina letting her hands slip under her shirt lightly scratching Hailey's back all the way down to her ass and thigh pulling her leg closer and squeezing just enough to feel her squeal in her arms. Between her heavy breathing Hailey asked Katrina if she was sure she had never done this before, but all Katrina could do was nod to say yes.

Now that Hailey felt that Katrina had finally made her decision, she reached for her legs, which she noticed to be very toned and stroked up to her thigh and up her dress. She stopped her hands at Katrina's big, firm ass to make sure that she wouldn't mind. When Katrina noticed what she was doing, she took Hailey's hands and closed on them telling her to squeeze however much she wants. Hailey tugged Katrina's thong upwards pushing it deeper into her ass. Katrina moved with the rhythm and let out a big gasp to which Hailey silenced with a deep kiss and her tongue intensely pushing against Katrina's mouth.

Now Hailey was in control.

Hailey pushed Katrina up against the wall and held her head in her hands while her left hand felt over Katrina's entire body under her dress. When she got to her thong again, she softly tugged on her hair and moved her hand around the front of it. These two simultaneous movements caused Katrina's eyes to roll back into her head because she knew what was going to happen and the anticipation caused her to get a little too excited. Hailey stroked up and down Katrina's creases only to discover that she was soaking wet. To this she smiled and bit Katrina's bottom lip and told her to grab on tight. She slid one hand down her thong and stroked her soft shaved pussy to tease her and quickly removed it. Katrina's eyes gave a pleading look to which Hailey told her not to worry.

Hailey got on her knees and Katrina held on to her head giving her seductive strokes alternating between fingers and nails softly enough to know that Hailey was getting a nice passionate head massage.

On her knees, Hailey stroked up and down Katrina's thighs making her beg harder. She then stopped at her thong and slowly pulled it to the side with her teeth. Feeling Hailey's lips on her vagina made her squirm a little in anticipation of what was to come. Hailey gave her little pussy one deep kiss and then sucked on her clit with such immense passion that Katrina started to beg for mercy. After she felt Katrina had had enough of that, Hailey licked her softly from the very bottom of her vagina all the way to the top where she flicked her tongue so fast that Katrina's hips started to move just as fast. Then Hailey held her hips down and sucked her clit once again. She drove Katrina insane. She would suck and let go, suck and let go, and suck and let go until she felt Katrina was close to coming, and then she stopped. Katrina was breathing heavily but incredibly frustrated at the same time. Hailey then came up to look Katrina in the eye and tell her she wanted to see her face when she comes. She unzipped the front of Katrina's dress to squeeze her boob as she stroked her quivering pussy first around the edges, then on her clit. Hailey kissed her so hard right before she stuck her middle finger into Katrina's pussy and while still rubbing on her clit she felt that Katrina was close to the edge. "It's okay to scream baby, let it out as loud as you want I got you."

To these re assuring words and with Hailey's fingers still rubbing and stroking her clit and her hard nipples, Katrina gave a loud moan into Hailey's mouth as she quivered in her arms. As soon as this happened Hailey grabbed her by the waist, pulled her close to her as they grinded and kissed. Katrina breathed heavily into Hailey's mouth as she sucked on her bottom lip explaining that she is still recovering from that amazing orgasm. Hailey smiled and licked the side of her neck all the way to her ear.

To this rhythm, Katrina whispered in Hailey's ear, "you're fucking amazing. I want to thank you well for what you just did for me." Then she softly bit Hailey's ear and sucked on it before she made her way down to her neck and sucked on a spot right next to her shoulder. She let her teeth grind from her neck down to her exposed cleavage. They were on each other like wild animals at this point.

Katrina pulled Hailey's top and bra down and kissed all the way down to her nipple. She licked around the nipple knowingly teasing her. Then she locked lips with her nipple and sucked on them until she felt Hailey breath hard against her neck. She squeezed her left boob with her hand while she sucked on the right one, and while she was alternating she smoothly slipped one had down to rub against Hailey's already soaking pussy. She aggressively pulled the zipper down and pulled the button apart. Hailey was pleasantly surprised at Katrina's strength. She slid her hands into the backside of Hailey's panties and pulled her ass up and scratched her back up and down again. She pulled her leg up against her again and grinded against her semi exposed vagina until Hailey was moaning uncontrollably. Then they switched places as she turned her around and pinned her up against the wall. Katrina gave Hailey a seductive smile and told her to relax as she got down on her knees.

Letting her hands slide down Hailey's body, Katrina went down to greet her long awaiting pussy. She pulled her jeans and panties off, lifted her left leg over her shoulder. She spread her wet pussy with her fingers as she kissed her exposed clit just as Hailey had done for her. She licked her clit in a circular motion while squeezing Hailey's boob. Hailey was still tugging on Katrina's hair in amazement at how well she was doing, which turned Katrina on even more!

Katrina sucked on Hailey's vagina and stuck her tongue in her hole while still rubbing her clit. This made Hailey moan so hard. So she continued flick her fingers around her clit and sticking her tongue in and out faster and faster. The heavier Hailey's breathing got, the slower Katrina licked just to tease her. Hailey pulled Katrina's hair and begged her to let her come. But Katrina stood up and led Hailey's hands down to her vagina and told her she wanted her to guide her fingers while making herself come. Surprised but turned on by this request, Hailey quickly complied.

She put her hand on Katrina's while she held her other hand and stroked her pussy. Hailey guided Katrina's hands up and down her clit so fast while she sucked on her tongue that she quickly came close to coming. Katrina tightened her grasp on her pussy and made long passionate strokes as she came hard in her hand. Katrina was still cupping Hailey's vagina when she came and kissed her long and hard until she was done.

Hailey pulled her hair back and screamed out Katrina's name. "Are you SURE this was your first time with a girl? FUCK!"

Katrina smiled and told her she was a fast learner. Hailey pulled Katrina closer and stroked her hair back as she kissed her passionately.