 "Let's find someplace a little quieter," she shouted over the din of the club music.

Joy got up to leave. Vicki didn't hear Joy's shout completely and looked at Joy. Joy held out one hand to Vicki and with her other hand motioned toward the door of the club. Vicki took Joy's hand and followed.

Joy lead Vicki outside to a small alleyway. They both stood with their backs to the wall. Joy pulled her blond hair back and laughed.

"Oh, God, Vicki...I'm sorry. I haven't been here for quite a while. It's changed. It was never so hot and crowded, but shit, wasn't that some rhythm in there?"

"Yeah...left me tingly."

"Oooo...tingly, eh? Tingly where, my dear?"

Vicki smiled a slightly embarrassed smile. "Oh...someplace."

"Well, it left me downright wet!"

Before Vicki could respond to Joy's bold statement of wetness, Joy swung around so that she was just inches in front of Vicki, her hands on the wall on either side of Vicki's head.

And, Joy rapidly changed subjects.

"You really like staying home and taking care of the kids?"

"Yeah. It's nice."

"Shit! That would just kill me if I had to stay home all the time with my rug rats!"

"How many kids do you have?"

"Two. One's 5 and one's just 18 months. And I love them dearly but I don't think I could do that full time mom shit. Uh, you and Jack are pretty active aren't you?"

"What do you mean, exactly, by active?"

"Uh," Joy laughed a nervous laugh, "you know, like sex."

"Yeah," Vicki smiled broadly at Joy, "you might say we're active."

"So! What all do you do? Anything kinky?"

Vicki looked a bit stunned.

Joy looked ill at ease for just a moment.

"Shit! I'm sorry...it's the beer and the heat and the bass line and everything. You know, like, I'm a little bit stoned and really, really horny. Like, shit, you know...I am like a fuckin' bitch in heat. But, really, I'm not that..."

Vicki cut in, "Jack likes to bring other men home to have sex with me."

Joy's eyes widened slightly. "Je-sus! No shit?!! Do you like it?!"

Vicki smiled another embarassed smile and nodded. "A lot of times Scott has them tie me up and do me. It fulfills my rape fantasy."

Joy lit a cigarette, her eyes widen more. "Shit...," it was a hushed whisper. "Does he, like, uh, do it too...uh, while the guy's there?"

"Sometimes. When it's a couple of guys. They like to do me on my knees. One in my mouth and the other doggie."

Joy was now completely stunned.

Vicki arched an eyebrow and smiled at Joy. "Anything else you'd like to know? Hmmmm?"

The space between Joy and Vicki was now millimeters. Joy leaned as closely into Vicki as she could without touching her. Being taller than Vicki she bent close to her ear. "Well, now that you mention it," Joy sounded rather hesitant, a sheepish grin on her face, "like I said, you know...I'm kinda stoned and *REALLY* horny...and I guess I was wondering what would happen if I put my hand under your dress like this..."

Joy lifted the hem of Vicki's peasant dress and slid her hand up Vicki's thigh.

Vicki pressed her arms and hands back against the wall for support and tilted her pelvis toward the approaching hand.

Her head pressed back, eyes closed, lips parted.

When Joy made contact with Vicki's sex, they both gasped.

"Ohmygod...you don't have any panties on and you're so fucking wet..." Joy's voice was a hoarse whisper.

"Uh huh." Vick kept her eyes closed enjoying the sensation.

She quickly looked at Joy when the hand was withdrawn.

She started to protest.

Joy looked into Vicki's eyes and smiled a conspirator's smile. She whispered. "Wait. I'm gonna make you feel real good, lady."

Joy leaned close and kissed Vicki softly on the lips.

"Real good, baby..." Joy's hoarseness deepened and her voice trailed off. The carefree, half-stoned smile disappeared and Joy took on an intent, dazed stare.

Joy kissed her again, holding Vicki's face in her hands. This time the kiss lingered, tongues met.

When Joy broke the kiss she stared at Vicki for a few seconds. A small smile came to her lips.

Another hoarse whisper, a little dazed, "Mo-ther-fuck-er... you are so sweet. Shit...I...I've...never been with a woman before."

Vicki stared back, not knowing what would happen next.

"Me neither..."

Joy came out of her lethargy. She took Vicki by the shoulders and pinned her to the wall. She hiked her own skirt up around her crotch so that her upper thigh was bare and pressed it between Vicki's naked thighs.

"What...!" Vicki didn't immediately know what Joy had in mind. Then, as her sex and Joy's leg made contact, "OH... oh...ahhhh...ohmygod!"

Except for slowly starting to rub her sex on Joy's offered leg, Vicki remained completely passive.

Joy seemed to become more inflamed from Vicki's passiveness. She kissed Vicki again. Slow, lingering. Joy held Vicki's face again and slowly drew back, watching Vicki work toward release.

They were both sweating now. Joy pulled her damp hair back then brushed the damp strands away from Vicki's face.

"Go for it...do it...do me."

Vicki reached down between her legs and pulled her sex lips apart, reseating on Joy's thigh with more exposed skin.

"Oh, Shit you feel good. Work it slow on my leg..."

Vicki wore a simple, one piece peasant dress with an elastic top that pulled off her shoulders. Joy pulled Vicki's top completely down, exposing Vicki's small, loose breasts.

Vicki was losing herself to the moment. Her eyes were tightly shut and she rocked back and forth against Joy, making small cries as she rubbed.

Joy began to follow Vicki's narcotic daze...she pulled her own top up and feverishly unfastened her bra.

"Suck this, Vicki...suck my tit...Come on! Do it..."

Vicki did as she was told.

Joy groaned, "Oh...FUCK! This is SO good..." Joy held Vicki to her breast, both hands tangled in Vicki's hair.

Vicki sped up, increased the suction on Joy's nipple and increased the volume of her cries. Soon she shuddered and all motion stopped. Joy pressed her to the wall, the only sound was Vicki's whimpers and heavy breathing from both of them.

Joy pulled Vicki's head up gently with her hands and kissed her, pressing her naked breasts into Vicki. Joy tongued slowly, mixing her strokes with soft bites and sucking of Vicki's tongue and lips.

Vicki's hands went under Joy's top and pulled her nipples. Joy started to softly moan and breathe loudly as she savored what she was doing.

Joy let Vicki's head loose and put her hands over Vicki's hands under her top. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations for a moment.

Vicki laid her head against Joy's chest.

"Come on. Let's go to the van. I want to get off on you." It was a hoarse whisper, filled with urgency.

Joy took Vicki by the hand and pulled her along behind.

Vicki was in her usual post-orgasmic langour and offered no resistance. She left her dress bunched down around her waist, baring her breasts to the club goers as she and Joy passed the club's front door on the way to the van.

###

It was a full size Dodge van with four captain's chairs and a bed in the very back.

Joy unlocked the door and climbed in, pulling her top off as she went. Vicki remained standing outside. Joy pulled her skirt off and sat on the side of the bed.

"Fuck! Vicki! Get in here! Come on. Pull your dress off and kneel down here in front of me."

Vicki remained transfixed outside the van but she pulled her dress off over her hips and stood for a moment naked in the moonlight.

"Vicki!"

Vicki giggled like she was stoned. "Sorry." She climbed in the van and the pull the door closed behind her. Joy quickly stood and slipped her panties off. Vicki knelt inbetween Joy's legs.

Joy looked at the semi-dried liquid mess on her leg that was Vicki's passion with the singular intensity of her semi- drugged state. "Man! Look what a mess you made."

"Shut the fuck up and lay back, silly." Joy looked from her leg to Vicki, a bit confused.

"Down you go." Vicki gently pushed Joy to her back and bent to her sex.

Joy's sex was distended and slick with moisture. Vicki gently parted the swollen lips with her fingers and gave Joy's exposed core a doggie lick from Joy's perineum to the top of her slit.

Joy jumped with the touch of Vicki's tongue.

"Oh...god..."

Joy reflexively closed her thighs around Vicki's head and rubbed her sex over Vicki's face. It took exactly 5 rubs before Joy burst into obscenities from her pleasure. Slowly her thighs parted. Vicki sat back on her haunches, breathing hard, her face slick with Joy's moisture.