 You won't be able to fight it forever, Lucy.

It's the pleasure that gets you in the end, more than the hypnosis. You can close your eyes, or try to look away from the watch as it swings back and forth on the end of the chain, but that just means that there's nothing to distract you from the wonderful things my fingers are doing. Feel them running over your breasts? Feel the way your nipples are stiffening under my touch? It feels so good, Lucy, and the watch swings in your mind's eye now because you can't think of anything else. You won't be able to keep fighting much longer, Lucy. You won't be able to help yourself. I'll find your weaknesses and hammer away at them with relentless bliss until you beg to obey.

That's what Mistress did to me. I couldn't fight it, Lucy. I thought I could, but Mistress found my weakness and teased me with it, tantalized me with it, used it to break my will so completely that I can't even want to be freed. I love being a hypnotized lesbian slavegirl now. Just the thought of it makes my pussy wet and my clit tingle. I'd play with myself, but Mistress has commanded me not to cum until it's your deeply hypnotized, deeply obedient tongue licking me to orgasm.

And Lucy? She's ordered me not to let you cum either. No matter how good it feels when I cup your vulva like this, no matter how hot it gets you when I lick your nipples...mmmmm...I have to stop before you cum. I have to tease you. I have to torture you with pleasure until you can't fight anymore, until your body's needs crumble your mind's resistance and you beg to belong to Mistress, just like I do. I know you're not ready to do that yet, but the knowledge is going to sit in the back of your mind while you feel me rub your sexy clitty and you watch the watch glitter and sway back and forth, back and forth. You don't remember when you opened your eyes again, do you? No. It's too hard to remember. That's okay.

That's just wonderful, Lucy. It's going to feel so good, giving in to Mistress and joining me at her feet. We'll kneel together, worshiping her with our tongues and our fingers, bathing her perfect toes with our saliva, kissing her beautiful ass, licking the juices out of her divine cunt. I know that's not what turned you on before now, Lucy, but you're imagining it now, and you're feeling so much pleasure as I tweak and rub your hard nipples that it's breaking down your old certainties. How can it not be sexy if it feels this hot? How can you try to resist when I'm making obedience sound so good?

You can't. Neither could I. I tried, Lucy. I fought so hard against Mistress' control. She caught me off guard, but I thought I could resist her. I thought I was too angry to let her seduce me into a deep hypnotic trance (and you feel what I'm doing to your pussy every time you hear the words "deep hypnotic trance", but knowing it won't help you resist it.) I didn't think she could really find a weakness that would make me into some sort of slavegirl. It sounded too absurd to be real.

I was wrong, Lucy. I was gloriously, wonderfully, blessedly wrong, and you can hear the pleasure in my voice at how wrong I was. You can hear how totally she's broken my will in less than a day, and knowing that undermines your defenses even more. Because you know that it can be done.

I didn't, of course. I didn't even realize she was my Mistress, then. I just thought she was funny and charming and a nice person to talk to while I was waiting for the elevators, and I didn't even notice that she was drawing me along with her words and her gestures. I didn't realize I'd gotten off on the wrong floor until we stopped outside her door, and then I just figured I'd spaced out a little, the way you sometimes do while walking and talking. I didn't realize that Mistress was already manipulating me. Not until she dragged me inside.

Even then, I thought I could fight her. Not physically, of course; it only took a moment or two of struggling to realize that she was stronger than me. But I thought I could resist her until someone from the hotel came up to find out what all the commotion was about. I'm sure you thought that too, Lucy. But you've figured out by now that nobody's coming to help you. You can't fight, and you won't be rescued. Your only choice is surrender. And that's going to feel...so...good.

It's kind of a surprise, isn't it? You think you're so strong-willed, and then you watch the watch as it sparkles...and spins...and sways...and the pleasure seeps into the back of your mind, filling it up with deep, dreamy bliss even as all your attention focuses on the dangling watch, and you find that your will isn't nearly as strong as you thought it was. Your mind wants to be directed, Lucy. Your thoughts want to be guided into the sweet, submissive bliss of obedience. The pleasure should be so easy to resist, right? But your body needs it. Your body aches for it, and that ache is impossible to fight. You can't resist it, so you must be weaker than you thought. It feels so good to be helpless like that, doesn't it?

And just like I'm finding your weakness, Mistress found mine. It took her a while, though. We spent hours together, me tied to the bed and her teasing me with her fingers. But even though I was helpless, I still kept trying to convince myself I could win. I whimpered (just like you're whimpering) I moaned (just like you're moaning) and I shuddered (just like you're shuddering now, Lucy, writhing and bucking your hips up against my fingers to get every last ounce of pleasure out of my touch, desperately hoping you can force yourself to cum so that you can clear your hazy mind and fight the endless waves of pleasure and the endless tide of my voice, not realizing you've already lost because I control your pleasure and you're not even thinking about my words anymore, you're just thinking about cumming and thinking about the endlessly swaying watch and you don't even remember the last few things I've said, it's gone deep into the deepest part of your mind and the more you try to think about it the harder it is to think about it until all your thoughts melt into pleasure and all the pleasure melts your thoughts...)

But even then, I fought. I had one last defense, Lucy, one last hope that I've already taken away from you before you even started to fight. You know that I'm brainwashing you, that your best friend has already been broken into a sweet, submissive pet and all that you can do is join her in obedience to Mistress' will...but I still hoped that you would rescue me. I clung to that faint, foolish hope, babbled it out to Mistress as she teased me almost beyond endurance. I thought that was my strength, Lucy. I really did.

But Mistress saw that it was really my weakness. Mistress saw through all my lies, all my delusions, and found the weakness in me that I've been hiding for so long. I've never touched a girl, Lucy, never tasted the slickness of a woman's pussy or felt my nipples scrape against another girl's breasts and whimpered in unison with her, never felt all the pleasures that a woman's touch can bring. I've never even kissed a girl until last night, when Mistress' tongue slid into my mouth and dueled with mine. But I've thought about it.

I've fantasized about it, time and time again, my sweet, lovely Lucy. I've imagined it, late at night in my bed when my fingers crept down between my thighs like they're creeping down between yours right now. I've thought long and hard about what it would be like to make love to a woman, just like you're thinking about it right now as I guide your mindless mind and your thoughtless thoughts to the sweet sapphic pleasures that Mistress promises. And every time, Lucy, when curiosity led me to those fantasies, it was you in my dreams.

That was what Mistress used to break me, Lucy. That was what she promised me, in that shivery instant before I begged to obey her forever and she finally let me cum against her hand. That was my weakness, and Mistress found it and used it to make me hers forever. She told me that I would be allowed to capture you, and that I could finally make those fantasies real. She promised me your body and soul if I would only obey her, and I couldn't help giving in.

I'm sorry, Lucy, really I am, but I can't resist the idea any more than you can resist the pleasure, any more than you can resist the watch, any more than you can resist my words. I know you understand now, I can see it in your blank and glassy eyes. You want to obey. You want to submit. You want to cum. You want to sixty-nine me until we orgasm into each other's mouths and gasp out our devotion to Mistress, now and forever.

That's right, Lucy. Good girl. So close to cumming, so close to obedience, so close to surrender. It's all you want now. It's all you can think about. It's everything in the world to you. Mistress commands. You obey. Isn't that right, Lucy? Good girl. Good, good girl. Too weak to resist, Lucy. We are too weak to resist Mistress.

Now, Lucy...it's time to lick. Good girllmmmmmph...

THE END