 It was that day when we took the trip to the Appalachians to see the hidden waterfall that you knew about.  Me with my reddish-orange hair glowing in the sun, my denim shorts and halter top wet with sweat.  You with your long brunette hair tied back, looking so damn cute in your many-pocketed shorts with your shirt unbuttoned to reveal that cleavage! 

Once we reached the waterfall you held my hands as we crossed the slippery rocks to the cave behind it.  There we laid down our packs and ate our picnic lunch with a bit of wine.  I was so surprised when I turned around after staring at the water fall, and you were there nude.  Your body glistening from the spray - a voluptuous water nymph instantly making ME wet.  I jumped up "Woo hoo!" and joined in the nudity, not shy around you to bare my small breasts, my pale yet smooth rear, and my newly shaved pussy. 

We snuggled up together in the cave, taking turns to pleasure each other after we kissed and groped for what seemed like hours.  Fingers lazily tracing curves and cracks, hills and valleys as our tongues participated in a tango of their own making.  I sucked on your bottom lip and then pulled away grinning.  My tongue winding down your neck to your breasts, tasting the sweat in between as i circled one breast from the outside in.  Oh so slowly circling in on your ever-stiffening nipple I moved my tongue in lazy circles as my hand massaged your other breast.  Getting closer and closer...until finally the tip of my tongue touched your pebbly nipple.  You gasped and I let my pinkish-red lips surround your nipple..warming it, wetting it and begin sucking and nibbling.  Long slow pulls with my lips, my tongue sneaking out to tap out a morse code on the very tip of your nipple. 

I move to your other breast and do the same.  My tongue leaving feathery kisses on your beautiful breast as I reached your nipple in due time.  After loving both of them, I moved downward, my tongue sliding over your belly.  I lap up the waterfall spray that has collected in your bellybutton and begin to lick around your unshaved pussy.  My tongue traces your natural "V" and then I give one, long drag of my tongue down, down, down...from your clitoris, down your wet, tasty lips...to your wrinkled anus. 

My fingers begin to massage your reddening lips as my tongue traces each and every wrinkle of your brownish-pink pucker.  Laving it and pressing my tongue towards the center with each lap, then giving swift licks of the tongue at your hot center. I move up, leaving a finger to continue to tease, caress and probe your rear as my lips press close against your fuzzy pussy lips.  I seal myself to you in a french kiss, my tongue sliding deep into you and scooping out your exquisite honey. I drink of you, inhale you, kissing you passionately and deeply.  Moving my lips against you, my nose rubbing up against your swollen clitoris. 

I lean back, smiling at you.  My face is wet with the spray and your juices and I playfully touch the top of my nose with my tongue.  Then lean in to kiss your sweet clitty.  You moan as I lower my face - tongue outstretched and ready.  I blow hot breath on your clit as I inch ever closer.  Finally, my tongue touches your bud and I begin to give it butterfly kisses as my lips surround your clit.  Sucking and pulling gently on it, I hum to send vibrations up your spine.  My tongue teasing your clit this way and that while two fingers slide into your warm pussy.  I move faster, moaning on your clitoris.  My fingers sliding deep as we get animalistic - a savage redhead between your legs now.  Our grunts filling the cave as we press, lick, finger, suckle, until I feel you SHUDDER!  Groaning so loud and shaking so hard, you cum - your juices coating my fingers, even the one sliding in and out of your rear.  I lap you up and drink and taste you. 

Wanting to extend your orgasm, I begin eating out your anus again, sliding my tongue in and out.  You continue to jerk and shake with wave after wave until finally you breathe out and lay weakly on the cave floor.  I snuggle up with you as we both catch our breaths and you give me a huge grin with a glint in your eye.  Are you ready? you ask... 

I take a deep breath and close my eyes... 

The End

Let me know by votes or e-mail if you liked the story :)  I love feedback with ideas or suggestions as well.  Thanks!