 Sarah lay in the warm grass languidly masturbating. She was stretched out on the lawn in her parent's walled garden, lulled half asleep by the warm sun on her flesh and the drone of the bees. Drowsy as she was, she restricted herself to just the gentle rubbing of her index finger on her clit, her finger slipped between the lips of her pussy while she stroked her neatly trimmed pubic hair with her palm. 

Sarah would always play with herself with her legs closed, one knee cocked and pressed just above her other knee, her leg gently moving back and forth in time with the motion of her finger, thighs rubbing against each other, pressing against her pussy. It seemed to Sarah to be the proper way for a girl to get herself off, demure and dignified. 

She certainly never masturbated naked. Only in the shower anyway, when the hard jets from the power nozzle played over her breasts, making her nipples stand up. Even then she'd rarely plan what came next. She'd wash herself thoroughly all over, enjoying the feel of the lather on her skin, soaping her large breasts for just a little bit longer then she meant to, enjoying the feel of her hands over her erect nipples. 

Then she'd run the sponge over her long legs, rubbing her calves and then her thighs, moving onto her rounded hips before carrying on to her inner thighs, not really thinking about it, just catching the outside of her pussy with the sponge, opening her lips a little and lightly stroking the rosy flesh with a whisper thin caress.

What followed was only natural and not really thinking what she was doing she'd drop the sponge, move one thigh over the over and slide her fingers inside herself. 

Once started though she didn't seem to know how to stop, she had just enough self control to remember that she needed to get ready and get to college that she couldn't spend as long as she'd like and so, after a couple of long, slow anticipatory caresses would start to rub herself furiously, her left hand kneading insistently on her breasts, rolling a nipple under her forefinger.

Normally though she'd wait until she was alone in bed and everyone was out. Not that she was ever so deliberately calculating, it was just that these were the times she felt most relaxed. She would let her hands wander over her body until they found her secret places. 

Today was the first time she'd ever touched herself this way outside and she felt naughty and reckless, both pleasingly exciting and uncomfortably dangerous all at the same time.

But she knew she was safe, her parents would be out for hours and the garden had a high wall, there was no way anybody could see her. She was trying out her new black bikini and that had made her feel naughty and reckless enough by itself.

The bikini, far more revealing then she would normally wear, was an eighteenth birthday present from her best friend, Laura. Sarah had never been entirely comfortable with swimwear, feeling even the demure one piece she used to wear showed off her curves more than was proper or than she was quite comfortable with.

She could no longer get into that however as her breasts had swelled in the last six months, filled out and firmed up, so Laura had suggested buying her a new bikini, something to show her figure off.

Sarah hadn't been sure but had allowed Laura to convince her. Anyway Sarah was secretly pleased with her new tits. She had noticed the way the boys looked at her. It made her blush but it made her pleased too. It wasn't just her cheeks that would feel the heat though. Something about those admiring glances left her aching to be touched but she would push the thought away.

Laura had picked the bikini out. It had seemed quite natural for both girls to go into the changing room together until they got in and Sarah realised she was going to have to strip completely naked sharing this small space with Laura. She had felt shy and awkward taking off her clothes, Laura hadn't seen her naked since they were little girls. 

Slipping her white cotton panties off, she turned away from her friend only realising too late that Laura could see her full form reflected in the mirror, breasts hanging free, pussy exposed. Sarah caught a glimpse of Laura clearly checking her out.

"God, when did you get so hot?" Laura asked.

Sarah blushed and quickly slipped into the black bikini, not feeling much less exposed than she had when she was naked. The bottom half was little more than a thong, a narrow triangle covered her pussy but soon narrowing down to a thin band riding high on her rounded hips and all but disappearing between her arse cheeks. It seemed to accentuate rather than cover her bottom.

The top half was barely any better. Her tits seemed to be straining to get out of the two triangles of fabric that were barely covering them. Sarah looked at herself in the mirror and was both excited and appalled but what she saw.

"You're a proper little sex kitten, Sarah. All the boys will want you now, you know."

Laura was always saying things like that but this was the first time Sarah had ever felt they could be true. Laura had always been the hot one with her long legs, slim waist and firm pointy tits. The ones the boys wanted.

Sarah would always sit amazed while Laura told her about her latest sexual exploits with John or Richard or one of the others. Sarah had always told herself that she wasn't like that, that she disapproved even, wasn't a bit jealous. But it always got her wondering and that would make her aware that she was getting moist between the legs.

So, scarcely believing that there would ever be a time when she would wear it, Sarah had let Laura buy her the bikini, had taken it home and put it away somewhere. Sometimes late at night when her parents were asleep Sarah would get up and slip into it, checking herself out in the full length mirror in her room.

She would feel a little silly but she liked feeling hot too. She would self consciously strike poses like a 1950s pin up; one hip out, an arm behind her head, boobs thrust out. She had to admit that she pulled it off quite well and that she had a properly womanly, hourglass figure.

After a while though she would start to feel too silly and take it off and go to bed, invariably though she would have got herself a little too excited and so would have to finger herself to go to sleep.

This was the first day that she had worn it outdoors. The plan had been just to come out sunbathing but she couldn't quite relax with what she was wearing, feeling self conscious, although nobody could see, feeling daring and sexy and then hot and then moist, fantasising about admiring stares.

Shifting around on the grass to try and get comfortable, she felt her inner thighs rubbing together, pressing on her pussy, and she didn't want to stop, she slipped a hand down, her fingers needing to snake in to play with her self.

So she lay in the sunshine for some time, rubbing, fingering, stroking, playing, fucking herself almost to climax. Only almost though.

There was a loud knock, instead. Sarah sat up suddenly, whipping her fingers out of her pants, blushing furiously, sure she'd been caught. She took a few deep breaths reminding herself that whoever was there couldn't possibly have seen in. 

The knock came again. It was on the door that led from the garden into the neighbouring field. Sarah desperately wanted whoever it was to go away. She had been so close and knew now that she couldn't relax until she had finished. The knock came again. Sarah's sense of responsibility finally triumphed and she called out, "Coming."

God she wished that was true.

Suddenly she remembered what she was wearing. Too late to do anything about that now. She also realised that the fingers on her right hand were thick with her pussy juices. There was nothing for it. She put her fingers in her mouth and licked them clean.  

It was the first time she'd ever tasted herself in that way. She thought she'd be disgusted but something about it sent a spasm right through her body, down to her wet, aching pussy and almost sent her over the edge.

She got up and ran to the wooden door in the high wall, her boobs bouncing rhythmically as she did so. She stopped by the door and took a deep breath. Hopefully whoever it was could be easily fobbed off and leave her in peace. She took a deep breath and opened the door. It was Laura.

She was pleased to see her friend but frustrated that she couldn't have come just five minutes later because now she had this ache between her thighs that only an orgasm could satisfy. Feeling how close she had come to getting caught also made her flustered and nervous, bringing colour to her cheeks. 

Sarah was also very self-conscious of what she was wearing, aware that once again Laura was checking her out. Feeling suddenly emboldened Sarah decided to return the favour, looking Laura up and down. 

Sarah had always thought Laura pretty but had never noticed before quite how ravishing she was, not so ravishing as she looked now that Sarah was thoroughly aroused, her pussy wet and throbbing and crying out to be touched. A sudden thought of Laura with her fingers inside her flashed into Sarah's mind. She pushed it away quickly.

Laura was dressed in a simple pastel yellow, halterneck sundress with blue forget-me-nots and a wide brimmed straw hat. Her long, tousled blond hair falling over her bare shoulders, like a simple child of nature.

The artless effect of her dress and hat was both highlighted and contradicted by the heavy, filthy pair of army boots she had on, thick with creamy grey mud that had splashed up her creamy white legs. The dress came barely half way down her smooth toned thighs and Sarah could see that some mud had splashed even that far up.

Laura let herself in and closed the door behind her.

"I'm glad to see you're finally wearing that bikini, Sarah. Although it's a shame there's no one else here to see it. You look great in it."

"Apart from you, you mean"

"Sure apart from me but then I've seen you naked before."

Sarah blushed at the memory. 

"I'm still not sure why I let you do that."

"Oh come on Sarah, what's the big deal? Don't be such a prude, we're all girls together. I'd let you see me naked."

"Yeah right."

"Course I would."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah."

"Prove it."

Laura hesitated for just a moment, then, "No problem."

Laura stood in front of her friend, kicked her boots off and put one hand to her shoulder slipping off one of her dress straps so that it hung down over her arm. She paused to look at Sarah. 

"Sure you want to see me naked?"

Sarah was sure Laura was just teasing but decided to call her bluff. She nodded, just once but very decidedly.

Laura looked back at Sarah, their eyes locked in something like a battle of wills but with something else going on as well. Although still not thinking she would, Sarah realised she was actually hoping she would get to see Laura naked.

Laura suddenly seemed to make up her mind, smiled and shrugged as if to say, 'whatever, no big deal.' So in a simple, fluid motion she slipped the strap off her other arm too. Her dress immediately slid off her taut, young body, just catching a little on her firm breasts before falling down around her ankles. 

Sarah gasped. "My God, Laura, you aren't wearing any underwear."

Laura just smiled at her friend, standing completely naked except for the sunhat. She was taller then Sarah and her body was stronger and firmer, though less curvy, her tits were round and perky rather than large and voluptuous like Sarah's. The first thing Sarah noticed though and what she couldn't keep her eyes off was Laura's smooth, perfectly shaved pubic area, pussy lips clearly visible. Sarah wondered what they would feel like to touch.

"I never like to wear underwear after I shave my pussy," she said, as though it were the most natural thing in the world, "it feels so smooth it's delicious, it makes just taking a walk a turn on."

Sarah didn't know what to say, Laura was always shocking her with stuff she said but this seemed like a step beyond.

Laura stepped out of her dress and gave Sarah a twirl shaking her arse at her friend. Embarrassed as she was Sarah couldn't help but laugh with her friend at the deliberately provocative gesture. She also couldn't help noticing how tight and smooth her arse cheeks were which made her feel a little envious but also made her feel something else altogether.

Assuming the show to be over Sarah felt both relieved and disappointed but to her surprise Laura simply lay down on the grass without getting dressed again. She took her hat off and tossed it like a Frisbee over to where her dress lay. She extended her arms all the way above her head and stretched her whole body.

As she stretched she arched her back, pushing her tits out. Small, firm and round Sarah noticed how they didn't change shape when Laura lay down, like Sarah's did, but stood out proud above her smooth, taut belly. 

Laura wriggled a little in the grass making herself comfortable.

"What were you doing out here?" She asked.

Sarah blushed and felt uncomfortable. Her first thought was that Laura must somehow know what she\rquote d been up to.

"Sunbathing?" Laura asked.

Sarah felt relieved.

"Yes, just sunbathing. Trying out my new bikini."

Sarah struck a little pose with her hip and her shoulders as she said the word bikini but instantly felt a little foolish so awkwardly moved to lie down next to her friend.

The two girls lay there in the sunshine for some time soaking up the rays, Laura completely naked, Sarah barely less so. They chatted for a while, Laura talking about a guy she was fucking. She was more explicit than normal. Sarah didn't say anything but she felt herself get more and more horny as Laura talked. 

Her pussy was so wet she was sure her juices were soaking through her bikini and into the grass. She could think of nothing better than sliding a finger into herself, stroking her clit while her friend talked dirty next to her. Well almost nothing.

Eventually however Laura trailed off and the two of them lay there in companionable silence. In fact so quiet and still did Laura become that Sarah was convinced she must have fallen asleep.

Sarah should have been feeling relaxed but the feeling in her pussy was making her tense and irritable, on edge. She knew she couldn't enjoy the rest of the afternoon without first having an orgasm but she didn't relish the thought of sneaking off to the bathroom to finish herself off, not her style at all.  What she really wanted was just to lie back where she was, slip a finger under her bikini and push the button, rub her rosebud and just let the feeling take her away. She was wet and she wanted to come, she had been feeling horny anyway and Laura's little display and her sex talk had only aroused her more. She knew she wouldn't need long and she felt cross and resentful that her friend was getting in the way. 

Except that Laura was asleep. Sarah could just give herself the attention she needed while her friend slept next to her. It was daring and not the sort of thing Sarah would normally even contemplate but something about the thought of getting herself off while her gorgeous friend was stretched out naked next to her was quite appealing.

She instantly dismissed the thought but it kept coming back. Still Laura didn't move. Without really thinking what she was doing her hand found itself rubbing her crotch over the outside of her bikini fabric. Sarah hadn't got a plan at this point but it felt so good that she couldn't stop.

Soon she needed more, she needed to feel the press of flesh on flesh. To stop the fabric rustling she didn't slide her hand under her panties like she normally would but instead she twitched them to one side to open up her pussy lips with her forefinger.

"My God, Sarah." 

Laura had sat up and was staring at Sarah's hands as they slid over the exposed flesh of her pussy. Sarah instantly whipped her hand way, letting the fabric cover her up again.

Sarah was mortified and curled up. She wanted to leave but this was her garden and she couldn't just throw Laura out.

"God, I'm so sorry Laura."

"Don't be. You know you can't embarrass me with that kind of stuff. I never believed you anyway when you said you never did anything like that." 

Sarah just looked even more embarrassed and miserable. The two girls had once talked about masturbation and Sarah had lied and primly said she never did anything of the sort, Laura had confessed to fingering herself often and unashamedly.

"God, that's what you were doing before I came round wasn't it? No wonder you seemed a bit off. I hate it if I'm interrupted. I'd probably have done the same in your position."

"Really?"

"Sure. Look, it's no big deal, we're best friends, we should share everything. You can do whatever you like around me. Its really no big deal."

"Whatever I like?"

"Honestly, its fine."

Something about Laura's tone was soothing, reassuring and she reached an arm over to Sarah to cradle her and Sarah began to feel better. She turned over and sat up and looked Laura full in the eyes, their gaze locked, holding each other by the shoulders, the girl in the bikini seeked reassurance from the nude in her arms.

"You really don't mind?"

Laura's reply was gentle, even tender, "Shh, of course not."

"And you won't tell anyone?"

"Not a soul."

Sarah leaned closer, the fabric of her bikini just brushed Laura's exposed breasts. Sarah was suddenly very aware of Laura's mouth with its glistening lip gloss, she wanted to move closer but didn't dare, remaining locked in the moment with Laura. All the while aware of Laura's lips, her naked body and the still unsatisfied ache in her own pussy.

After what seemed like an age Sarah felt Laura's grip loosen. Sarah lay back on the grass and Laura lay down next to her. Both girls had their arms by their sides, their fingers just touching.

"You should finish yourself off."

"God Laura, I thought you agreed not to talk about it."

"No, I agreed not to tell anyone, and I won't. But really, I hate it when I'm interrupted. I'm so grouchy til I come."

"So what, you just wait down here while I go upstairs and finger myself." Sarah felt really daring just using the phrase 'finger myself' in front of Laura.

"Sure, why not. Or you could just lie back here and do it. I'll close my eyes. Promise not to peek."

"No. Sarah's tone was definite.

"I'm sorry I said anything at all. I should just have kept my mouth shut and let you get on with it. It's just that I wasn't expecting it and, well, you looked so," Laura paused for a moment, "hot," she said finally.

There was something really sexy about the way she said 'hot' or maybe it was just that she'd pretty much admitted to being turned on by watching Sarah masturbate, but Sarah almost moaned at the sound of it. The ache in her pussy was almost unbearable.

Neither girl said anything again for a while. They both pretended just to be sunbathing but they both knew that they were both thinking about the same thing. And the feeling in Sarah's pussy just wouldn't go away.

"You really wouldn't look?" Sarah couldn't believe she was even asking the question.

"Cross my heart and hope to die."

"No. I just couldn't." Sarah's tone was doubtful. 

There was a further short pause.

"You absolutely promise?"

"Yes." 

"Really, truly promise?"

"Yes"

"Well, OK, shut your eyes."

Sarah sat up and looked over at her friend lying peacefully next to her with her eyes dutifully closed. She lay back, and with one last glance to check out whether her friend was peeking and feeling more reckless then she ever had in her life, she slid her hand down under the fabric of her bikini bottoms.

One thing she didn't do though was take her eyes off her friend's naked body. As her fingers brushed the engorged lips of her pussy her eyes slid over Laura's curves, her pert nipples, her rounded hips, her smooth shaved pussy, a tiny sliver of the vibrant pink within just visible. The fabric of Sarah's bikini bottoms were getting soaked in her pussy juices but she didn't care. Sarah imagined what it would be like if it was Laura's fingers spreading her pussy open and rubbing her clit, not her own.
