 The groom stood waiting anxiously happy for his bride-to-be, and the bride-to-be was wrapped around my waist as I tongued her ear and bit her neck lustfully. She pled through giggles to not leave any hickeys for anyone to see, but I don't really give a fuck what everyone sees. I pin the bride against the wall of her dressing room while falling to my knees and lifting her left leg over my right shoulder. My tongue now began to devour and savor the erotic juices flowing from the brides eager and pent up urges. I had her right where I wanted her as I entered three fingers into her sweet little cunt and began thrusting hard and fast. Her moans were starting to get me aroused. I lifted her into my arms quickly when I stood up from the floor. Pinning her against the wall opposite to the one we were just using. Her under gown stopped just above her bald pubic mound. Reaching under her firm and soft ass I wrapped her legs around my waist as I pushed the turgid rubber dick between her legs. The leather straps of the harness around my waist held the phallic intruder in place as I fucked the blushing bride harder than she had ever been fucked by the incompetent bridegroom awaiting her at the end of the aisle. This little bitch had it coming ever since I started making her dress four months ago. 

~

I would see her a few times a week to make minor adjustments here and there, but one day when she came in for a premarital fitting I noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties. Well, needless to say I couldn't wait to get her alone. Once her friends had left to check on the cake halfway across town I backed her into a corner of the fitting room and slipped my fingers right up against those moistened pussy lips of hers. She let out a sigh and begged me not to tell anyone after I ate her out and gave her the best orgasm she had ever felt in her life. I agreed not to say anything, and we continued to fuck each other once a month and sometimes twice a week every month. 

~

So back to the present situation where I'm fucking this dirty little slut with my best and widest strap-on. Her breathing starts to grow quicker and heavier, and she lets out little mewls of ecstasy every time I thrust hard against her cervix. She begs me for release and I give it to her as I bend her over, grip her hips roughly and start to fuck her tight little cunt as hard and as fast as I can manage. She screamed my name when she clinched her sweet little pussy lips around the dildo within her moist little snatch. She limps down to the floor as I roll her on her back and begin quickly tonguing her swollen clit and making her clinch her fists on the curtains behind her. When I push two fingers inside her wet hole she screams in pleasure and yanks the curtains from the rod over the window. Luckily for the both of us the shutters were closed from the inside. I quickly stopped fingering her when she had her second orgasm and climbed over her pressing my own clit hard against her eager tongue. She quickly darted her tongue impatiently over my clit as she tried to make me cum. Finally she hit my sweet spot and I started riding her tongue hard and fast as she continued to drive me closer to an orgasm. I leaned back and pinned her hands to the floor as my pussy rode her mouth while she manipulated my clit like a naughty little novice. I started to feel myself contract my muscles and was rushed with an amazing orgasm as I came onto her tongue. She lapped up any of my escaping pussy juices and we both stood slowly. She leaned back against the wall at first to catch her breath while I lit a cigarette that I got from my jacket on the bed. The blushing bride sauntered over to me and wrapped her arms around my waist and thanked me for her amazing orgasms over the past few months. My naughty little slut will want more. The pleasures of being a domme never get old. Now for the next bride-to-bed, oops, I mean, bride-to-be.