 The last thing she could share with her rigid military husband is her longing for women and her severe boredom with his thrusting cock which seems like it has a mind of its own and not the least of his mind-heart-body melded with hers. His lack of awareness and attention to her pulsing clit which was only truly satisfied by a desirous tongue, especially before they fuck, but he seems to forget her needs. Every time in the very few times he went down on her, which was less and less and seemed more of an effort than a need, his tongue felt rough and awkward, not sensual and she could only climax if she imagined his friend brushing her fingertips across her naked shoulders, straying a seductive pause across her nipples. She imagined her electric but soft feather approach to making her body want to follow or command her needs and desires. 

Even though his tongue would go in the wrong places making her squirm ever so slightly to one side to try to get off, she could only go back to the crevice of her memory to her friend with the ample and beautiful breasts, perfect nails and eyebrows and the delicious gardenia smell of her just shaved pussy. Once when she threw a party, the woman, Jade intentionally swept her hand through her hair and said, what milky, beautiful skin you have, it's no wonder your husband fully desires you. Her lips were pouted and parted in the typical way you'd imagine soft porn describing a curious, but confusing overture toward interest. She looked as if she would bend her supple body and full breasts toward me, sucking my breasts, twirling her lush dark hair around my nipples. The wife's tits literally ached for someone to nurse them, to suck her, to talk in a whispery tone that only women could reach. Sometimes hearing a soft voice itself would make her cum. 

One of the loveless evenings, the wife made a beautiful spread. She was preparing and serving and keeping herself amused and was uplifted especially since she knew Jade was in her presence. The wife looked sideways as if to give a signal to Jade when she entered the house to go to the kitchen. The swinging door hit her in the ass, and Jade was just behind. "Oh, I saw that!" "I wish I were that door." The wife laughed tried to be formal and relaxed, trying hard to not show any interest. She had to get the salmon out of the oven and the rice settled and was ready to be fluffed. The perfectly green artichokes were ready to be drizzled with the lemony-buttery hollandaise sauce that was as perfect as it could be. Jade dipped her fingers in the succulent sauce and licked them. "Umm, warm and creamy." "I would love to be able to cook like you do." Jade was playful and said she'd rather eat the food the wife prepared, but she loves to eat. She spoke of the food she enjoys, but she leaned over to show her ample cleavage and softly whispered that she loves to lick women even more. She hoped to show her appreciation with her mouth to taste her host. The wife was feeling a warmth move even more to her pussy, but she wondered if she was being played and she gave a sarcastic, "of course you would, but let's have dinner first. . . "

Given that dinner was about to be served and the wife needed to get things out and plated, she had to ignore the little pout that her clit made literally moving against her black lace underwear. It gave both a relieving and painful intention that only sliding the viscos of her wetness could cure. She had to shift to get the cotton rather the silky lace part against her throbbing button for relief and a little bit of tension. She asked Jade to fill the glasses with the wine. The glass was curved much like the shape of her breast and the wife imagined putting her fingers in the wine and circling around her friend's areola and then sucking her nipples deep into the fullness of her longing mouth. The salmon was perfect, plump, pink and delicious. She watched as people licked their lips, especially watching Jade. She enjoyed the work of seductively gorgeous food that one had to work for - as people peeled the outside leaves of the artichoke and then worked around the spikey core to the sweet and beautiful heart to slice and to dip into the hollandaise sauce, she imagined herself being opened like the outside petals of the artichoke. 

She dutifully tended to the 5 guests that were there, pulled plates and silverware and put them in the sink. The 3 went out to the fire pit and she promised to plate up the dewy strawberries and tend to prepare the whipped cream by hand. Jade followed her in. she said something about dying for a strawberry and couldn't wait for the whipping cream to hit the cold of the steel bowl and she wanted to help with the peaks and the whipping. The wife still had on her apron which Jade snuck her hands under and felt the tight pencil skirt - edging it up above her knees, but allowing just her hand to whisper a fingertip tickle on the edge of her panties. Then, with one hand as if rehearsed, she used her middle finger to move the cotton part of her thong over to the side and with her index finger, she began to stroke her friend. She pulled the wife closer as if she was fucking her, but more holding her from behind. 

The wife dropped the French whisk on the floor. "Shhhsh," the wife whispered with her passionate voice now unable to deny her dripping pussy.. "Let them smoke and enjoy the fire - it will take him 45 minutes to get it started, he sucks with starting the outside pit. In fact, he sucks at just about everything especially sucking my pussy." The two crouched down and Jade continued to pleasure the wife's aching pussy. The wetness was like sticky and delicious sugar drizzling over her fingers. Jade put her other fingers on the outside of the wife's asshole, but using the wetness and just feather circling, not entering. The wife kept thinking of herself as a flower opening to the most delicious part. She wife felt sultry, naughty, clean and so horny, but she didn't want Jade pushing even her fingers inside. Not yet. 

The wife came harder and more softly securely than she had in years. And it was the first time her mind didn't wander to the imagination of the woman, but to the reality of the woman on her kitchen floor desiring her and providing her with a nourishing and delicious orgasm. Her tongue softly swirling in every right direction, staying in just the right place for her to relax and succumb to the warmth that went all through her body and flushed her breasts.

"Now, dessert." 

The wife removed the cool metal bowl from the refrigerator. She set it down to allow a moment to first lightly pull Jade's silk blouse to the side to take a full nipple into her mouth. She placed just the perfect amount of whipped cream that she just made and placed it on Jade's left pink nipple and sucked with her tongue working the hardening button while Jade threw her head back. "We must not leave a stain on that beautiful blouse." The wife took her time to unbutton each tiny shell button until Jade's voluptuous body gave way to told Jade to wait as her turn would truly be an award winner. She couldn't wait to delight in satisfying her friend who moved from fantasy to reality in that evening over dinner, just before the final course.