 After moving to a new area to be with my boyfriend, I ended up living with the most heinous girl ever. Talk about a personality clash. I don't think I could have hated her anymore. Knowing my predicament, Don and Nora, my boyfriend's best friend and his wife, offered me the spare bedroom in their apartment. I was overly grateful since that meant that I wouldn't have to move back home. However, I didn't know what kind of people they really were...sexually. 

Now, I have always had the fantasy of being with another woman. I just never thought the chance would come along, and if it did, I wasn't sure if I would take it. Well, one evening, we all journeyed to Don's parents house for a BBQ and some heavy duty drinking. Well after boozing by the pool all day and sipping on Tequila Sunrises in the Jacuzzi all evening, we were all pretty damn horny. So we decided (for the neighbor's sake since we were rather loud) to head for the guest bedroom. What a guest room! Complete with a king size bed, candles, two large comfy chairs right next to the bed. It was awfully cozy, and inviting.

Well, since we were all friends and had been living together for quite awhile now, changing clothes in front of each other was no big deal to us girls. As we started ripping off our bikinis, the boys took their seats in those comfy chairs. I was taking of my top when Nora looked over and said "you know, you have the most perfect little titties I have ever seen." (I'm only BARELY a 34B, compared to her 36D.)At that she removed her top. It was my turn to compliment now. "Well you have the most luscious big titties I have ever seen." And did she ever. They were perfect. Perky and round with these cute little nipples. Don, being the little instigator that he is, puts his 2 cents in. "Why don't you girls play with each others titties if you like them so much?" We giggled and then she looked at me and you could tell that both of us were dying to. "OK!" I said. 

I walked over to her and reached out grabbed her left breast. As I did, she let out a little moan. This turned me on , and my nipples instantly got hard. "Well would you look at that?" she said. "Looks like yours need a little tending to." So she bent down and took my right breast in her mouth and started to tug at my engorged nipple with her teeth. This made me so hot. Amidst all the titties, I had completely forgot that both of our men were still present. I looked over at them and both of them were on the edge of their seats. I think they were a little surprised that we actually did it.

 "So are we gonna get a show here?" asked Don. Nora looked over at him and asked "would that make you happy, my Love?" He looked at my boyfriend and said "Uhh, I think that would make us both very happy." My boyfriend just nodded eagerly. She looked at me with that cute little smile on her face and asked "is that alright with you?"

"Hey, I'm always ready to keep my man happy," I said. 

So her and I both climbed on this monstrous bed, still clad in our bikini bottoms. The guys were pulling their chairs closer to the bed and getting ready for this awesome show they were about to receive. Nora wasted no time at all and crawled right on top of me...her large pendulous fun-bags resting on mine. She leaned in and started kissing me. First little pecks, then diving in for some tongue. We laid there, making out for a few seconds then she went back to my breasts, right where she left off before. Licking and sucking. All I could do was lay there in complete awe. I couldn't believe this was finally happening! And it just kept getting better.

Next thing I know, Nora is sitting up and stuffing her huge breasts right in my face. "Suck on them" she pleaded. So I did, like a little baby. "Harder!" she yelled. She was a bit of a dirty talker which only got me more excited. So I sucked and nibbled away. She was loving it. Another voice then piped in. "We want to see some more" my boyfriend said. "Yeah" said Don "more action." We both looked over at them. "You want more action? You got it" said Nora. 

With that, she ripped off my bottoms, licked her finger (not necessary since I was sopping wet down under) and stuck her middle finger deep inside of me. I arched my back to better receive her. The only thing I could do was return the favor so I hooked my fingers around her bottoms and removed those with no problem at all. I used my finger to massage her clit. I think she was just as wet as I was. As she was poking away at me, I was massaging her into orgasm. She followed my lead and started rubbing my little button. We were both heaving, trying to catch our breath. Then, at almost the exact same second, we started moaning. I knew we were both about to come. We continued to rub each other to our first orgasm of the evening. You could hear the moistness of our pussies, as well as their sweet aroma that was filling the air. We kept going faster and faster until both of us reached orgasm. We both let out little moans until we were done and then laid on the bed. We looked over at that guys who were completely taken aback by what they had just seen. 

"WOW!" said Don. "That was the most erotic thing I have ever seen." Both us girls giggled. Then I took the reins. "Well" I said "it's about to get even more erotic." I climbed on top of Nora. She had no idea what I was doing so I gave her a little "trust me" wink and scooted my body down in between her legs. She took my lead and spread them wide for me. I was about to taste another woman's pussy for the first time. The thought of it made me even hotter. I leaned down and breathed in her sweet smell. She smelled just like me. I couldn't wait anymore to taste her so I literally dove right in. I took my fingers and spread her puffy lips apart and I licked long, hard, and slow. She arched her back and let out a loud sigh, like I had just relieved her of some sexual tension. Then I started to suck on her clit. 

She started jerking violently and telling me how good it felt. She grabbed my head and pushed me down so I could go back to licking her. I started probing the inside of her with my tongue. I licked all around the inside of her cunt and she started going into convulsions. She let the entire neighborhood know that she was about to come. Then she ordered me to suck her clit until she came. So I went back to sucking and flicking her clit with my tongue. She grabbed my head again, only this time she pushed my head harder against her. I sucked away until I could feel her juices pouring out of her. I lapped them all up as it was the best thing I have ever tasted. I think I did an OK job for my first time considering she came in about 3 minutes. She sat up quickly and said "OK, your turn."

How excited was I?! Yeah, I love receiving oral sex. What woman doesn't? But receiving from another woman for the first time had to have been the most intense feeling up until this point. Instead of her climbing on top of me like I had done to her, she told me to sit on the side of the bed and lay back. So here I was with my legs spread for the boys to see my most private parts. I expected her to get on the floor and go for it from there, but she did something else. She knelt next to me and took her 2 fingers and spread my lips apart. "Look honey" she said to Don. "Look how pretty her wet little pussy is."

"Taste it" he told her. "I bet she tastes as good as she looks" she said. She leaned down to lick on me. She went the reverse route that I did and she licked from my clit down to yearning hole. The longest stroke of tongue I had ever experienced. "She tastes even better than she looks" she told Don. He just smiled big, the same way my boyfriend was. Then she went to town. She ate me into oblivion. She licked and poked and sucked away until I was telling everyone in a mile radius that I was going to come. And as I did that she just started going faster and faster until I exploded all over her hand and mouth. She licked me completely clean. 

All four of us were completely mesmerized by what had just happened. Nora and I were puttered out. So we all decided to call it a night. Neither of us girls had any intention of giving it up to our men after what we had just done. So we all climbed into the huge bed. Nora and I in the middle and the boys on the outsides. Nora and I wrapped our arms around each other and dozed off into a deep sleep. When we woke up the next morning I pulled my boyfriend in the bathroom to make sure what happened wasn't just a really good dream. He reassured me that it was a really experience...one that none of us would ever forget.