 Claire and I have been friends for ages. From the moment we first met we've felt like soul mates. It was Saturday morning and I had popped over for a natter and a catch up, and she was telling me about the fact that she hasn't had a break in ages.

"I'm exhausted Fiona," she said, running a hand through her beautiful, shoulder length blonde hair. "I need to get away and have some me time, but I don't know how I can."

I looked at her and thought to myself that she did look a bit harassed. I wondered if everything was alright, "Is there something wrong? No problems with Jackie?" Claire is a single mum, and has her daughter most of the time.

"No! No! Really. I just feel I'm burning the candle at both ends."

"Phew," I said, relieved. A thought came to me. "Why don't we have a girly weekend away? A cottage in the country, or a spa or go down to London and have a weekend in the smoke?"

"But I can't just up and leave Jackie," she replied.

"Of course you can, darling. That rat of an ex can take her a weekend, surely? We could leave on a Friday and be back Sunday afternoon. We can plan it. I know Brian will be fine with it. He keeps telling me I should have some me time, because I never get a break either."

Claire sat and thought about it, holding her coffee cup between her hands, her beautiful brow furrowed. "Let me think about it. I'll call Charles tonight and see what he says."

"Think about it. It could be great. What would you want to do," I asked, "assuming you decide to."

She thought for a moment. "I think I'd like to go to the big city. More to do, more chances to socialise and have fun."

"Deal. You talk it over with Charles and I'll do some searching for weekend breaks."

We finished up our coffee and I left, giving her a hug and a peck on her cheek, and making her promise once again to think seriously about it.

Let me tell you about Claire. She's a knockout, with such a lovely, cheeky smile that just lights up the room. She's also got a knockout figure, and I mean knockout. Those wonderful boobs of hers could take your eye out. She's always complaining that they're too big, but I actually am jealous. I'd love to be so blessed. She's a 38dd, I'm a 34b. So when we go shopping, we can't exactly buy the same outfits and try them on, but I do love going shopping with her. We always have such a great time, and she's such a laugh. I swear she's an exhibitionist. She's always flashing her flesh at every opportunity. I've seen her blouse come "accidentally" open on more than one occasion.

When I got home, I started looking on the internet for some weekend breaks in London, and found a couple of reasonably priced options staying at quite fancy places in the West End.

The next morning I got a very excited call from Claire.

"Fiona, It's on! And if we can do it, next weekend works really well because Charles says he'd love to have Jackie and spoil her a bitt."

I was so thrilled, "Claire, that's brilliant. I found a couple of great deals. Do you want me to come over so you can see them so we can choose? There are some that are a bit expensive, but if we shared a room we could do it. And it's my treat. Brian insisted."

I could hear the excitement in her voice as she said, "Wow! That's wonderful. But I can pay my way you know!"

"I insist, and I won't take no for an answer. You can buy me dinner."

She pretended to sigh, "Oh, okay. If you must. And as for the hotel, I trust you. Just pick one and it will be a nice surprise."

So I picked one in a swanky hotel, right in the heart of the West End. We would have to share a room, but that didn't bother me. After all we'd be going out most of the time.

Friday came, and Claire and I met at the station to get the train. Claire got out of the taxi and I was immediately knocked over by the outfit she was wearing. She was showing a lot of her gorgeous cleavage, and was wearing a loose, pale pink, above the knee skirt that was one of those that looks like it could be see through but isn't. I was just in a boring tee shirt and jeans, and felt very drab next to her.

She ran over with her case, and we hugged and air kissed. We were like a couple of schoolgirls, giggling in excitement.

"Okay, let's go," I said, taking my pull along case. I had the train tickets already, and so we went straight through and fifteen minutes later we were on the train, in First Class, puling out of the station. It was a Friday lunchtime, so there weren't many people, and none other than us in our carriage. We sat in the big comfy seats facing each other. We were talking about what we'd do, what we'd sight see.

At some point in all this, Claire decided to get more comfortable and lifted her legs up to tuck them underneath her, and as she did, the hem of her skirt lifted briefly and I was shocked when I realised what I had just caught a glimpse of.

I was pretty sure that Claire wasn't wearing any knickers. The way her legs were parted I was sure I could see her pussy lips, and also that she was completely bald down there.

Now, I should explain that I am not a lesbian. Obviously. I'm married with an almost grown up son. But I have often had fantasies about being with another woman. And yes, I mean masturbation fantasies. And some of those fantasies have involved Claire. Quite a lot of them actually. Of course, I've never acted on them, it's always been just that: A fantasy. But this brief glimpse of her pussy sent my head spinning. I already mentioned that she was an exhibitionist, but that was just her wonderful boobs. I felt a stirring in-between my own legs at the sight. This had the effect of making me keep trying to catch furtive glances of her as we talked, and I kept losing track of the conversation.

"Fiona? What do you think?"

I looked up, "Sorry, hun, I was miles away. Think about what?"

She grinned at me, "I knew you weren't listening! Think about going to that Jamie Oliver restaurant. I booked us in for tonight."

"Oh wow! That is wonderful! Yes, perfect."

With that we travelled onwards towards London and my thoughts kept returning to that brief glimpse. And then, as we pulled into Liverpool Street Station, Claire uncrossed her legs again and I got what I had been wishing so hard for for the whole journey. Unconsciously or not, she sat there with her legs slightly apart, and her skirt up high again. I was treated to the delightful sight, for all of five seconds, of her pussy. I could clearly make out her lips, and could see she was slightly damp, and the little hood of her clitoris was swollen. I tried to be sneaky in my glances, but I was sure that Claire must have known what she was doing. The next moment she smoothed her skirt out and we both stood up, retrieved our cases and went to get a taxi.

All the way from the train to the hotel, I was in a haze. I just couldn't stop thinking about what I'd seen, and I was trying to work out whether she had done it deliberately. Was my fantasy going to come true this weekend?

As we got out of the taxi, a concierge from the hotel came over and said, "Are you staying with us tonight ladies? Can I take your bags?"

I was still flustered, and Claire stepped in, "Yes, thank you." As the concierge left with our cases, she turned to me and said, "Fiona, what on earth is the matter with you? You were all lively and chatty on the train, and then you just stopped and have been all distant ever since. Did you forget something, are you regretting our weekend away?"

This brought me out of my completely weird state. I needed to focus. From what she'd said, Claire's actions were far from deliberate. If she'd done it deliberately, she would know exactly why I was so distracted. I hid my disappointment and smiled ruefully. "No sweetie. I didn't forget anything, I was just miles away in La La Fiona land. I'm back now. Let's go check in and start the fun. This is our girly weekend!"

We followed the concierge in. I have to admit that although I was disappointed, there was a certain part of me that was relieved. The idea of actually fulfilling my fantasy with Claire made me at once turned on, but at the same time incredibly nervous. What if I had misread the signals and done something? She would have rejected me and I'm sure our friendship would have suffered, and I loved her too much for that. I was also now was regretting getting a shared room. If I had been on my own I would have added another chapter to my fantasy and been able to play with myself thinking about what I'd seen on the train.

But we were where we were, and we were doing what we were doing, so with a slightly lifted heart, I went with her to the reception desk.

The rather attractive, if somewhat plastic and over made up, young woman behind the desk, her name badge said she was called 'Stacey', said, "can I help you?"

"Yes," I said, "We have a double room booked in the name of Edwards. Fiona Edwards."

She looked at us with a quizzical air, but kept a professional detachment. She obviously thought we were lovers or something. How wrong could she be?

To my regret.

"Certainly madam and... madam." She tapped some keys on her keyboard and I saw her eyebrows raise. "Ms Edwards - you appear to have booked... the honeymoon suite?"

"I certainly did not!" I said, "What on earth do you take me for?"

She looked down again, "Yes - you definitely have the Penthouse Honeymoon Suite. I even have an instruction here to make sure you have a bottle of Veuve Clicquot champagne on ice with two glasses for your arrival."

I looked at Claire, somewhat bemused, and said, "Did you do this? Is this some sort of prank?"

"No! I would never do that!" She said, "There must be some mistake. You booked a package. Was it some sort of honeymoon package you booked by mistake?"

I was really confused now. I know that the weekend break was advertised as a 'Getaway Break' with suggestions for all the sights that were within easy reach of the hotel. At this point 'Stacey' broke in to our confusion and said, "Ms Edwards, I can assure you that this room is not part of some 'Getaway Break', but the bill has been paid in full, in advance, so don't worry on that account."

Now completely at a loss as to what was going on, I said, "Could it be that another Fiona Edwards is expected?"

Stacey tapped more keys and stared at her screen. "No, Ms. Edwards. There is nobody by that name, or even surname due to check in tonight."

In my mind I just said to myself, "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth." Out loud I said, "Well, that's absolutely fine then."

Claire and I looked at each other in confusion, but what the hell? We were going to get a luxury suite, which was several notches up the scale from what I had originally booked. But who had paid? If it wasn't Claire, and I suppose it still could be but she seemed completely sincere, then who?

Stacey handed over a small envelope with our key cards in it and explained that we were on the 15th floor, and directed us to the lift. A bell hop took our bags and led us over and we ascended to the 15th floor in that awkward elevator silence. We got out and the bell hop led us to our room and opened the door.

Onto a scene of such amazing opulence that we both took a short breath. The suite was stunning. We were on the top floor of the hotel, with huge windows looking out over London. The room was tasteful yet huge, the colours all pastel shades, with Scandinavian style furniture, but the most amazing part of it was the bed. Only one bed. When I'd booked, I'd made sure we had a room with two beds in. But this bed was big enough for three. It had a beautifully curved and moulded headboard, that seemed to be a long slow wave tumbling down from the wall to the bed.The furnishings were exquisite, with deep, comfortable looking chairs, and a large soft fabric covered sofa.

In a daze once again, I tipped the bell hop and he left, seemingly happy.

As the door closed, we looked at each other and for some odd reason cracked up laughing. Almost doubling over, every time we looked at each other we laughed again.

"What... what... how?" I said trying to catch my breath.

Claire composed herself and said, "Best not to ask. Oh, and look! There's our champagne!"

And sure enough, in an ice bucket on the pine coffee table in the centre of the room was a bottle of Veuve Clicquot and two glasses. There was an envelope on the table next to it. It was addressed simply "To Fiona and Claire."

Intrigued I picked it up and opened it. Inside was a card, "Hi girls! Have a great weekend. You both work really hard, so I thought I'd treat you to an upgrade. Enjoy the champagne! Oh, and you're not coming back until Monday, Love Brian, xxx"

My wonderful husband had arranged it. Mystery solved. Well, sort of. Poor darling clearly hadn't realised that when he asked to upgrade us to the best suite we would get one, admittedly very large, bed rather than two.

Claire was reading over my shoulder, her chin resting on me, "Oh wow! That is so lovely of Brian! What a kind and thoughtful thing!"

I turned my head, and the desire to kiss her was almost overwhelming. I suddenly had a flash back to the train and the memory that she was so close to me with her bare pussy made me almost swoon with desire.

I pulled myself together somehow and reached down for the bottle and turned to face Claire. I worked on the cork, which is something I'm not particularly good at to be honest, and I was struggling, and suddenly the cork popped and the champagne frothed out, a little spilling over the front of Claire's dress. I quickly took the bottle and poured into the two flutes while Claire laughed, "Well, I suppose I'd better unpack so I can change into something dry."

"I'm so sorry sweetie! I don't get to open champagne very often," I said.

"Don't worry, silly! Accidents happen. Nothing can be allowed to ruin our girly weekend." With that she squatted down, opened her case and sorted through until she found a dress she liked. It was one I'd seen her in before. A lovely autumn gold loose fit with a slightly flared skirt. "Could you unzip me please, hun?" She said.

I looked up, "Uh, yeah. Sure," I said, and went round behind her to unzip her dress. I slid the zip down and was so incredibly conscious of her body. I could see her bra strap, and of course when I got to the bottom, I could see her beautiful, bare bum. "There you go," I said.

What I expected next was that she'd take her outfit into the bathroom and slip into it. What actually happened was that she reached back and unclipped her bra, then turned around, completely naked, standing in front of me. I had never seen another woman, let alone Claire, completely naked in front of me before. Well, not strictly true. Of course, there were times in the showers at school, but that was so different to this. I couldn't help myself. Speechless, I just stared at her beautiful curves.

"I need to ask your honest opinion, Fiona. I have such terrible self image. Do I look ok to you?"

I didn't know what to say, but I felt that my honest feelings were the best way to go. "Claire, your body is as delicious, delightful and delectable as I've always imagined it was. You are gorgeous, wonderful and so, so super sexy."

"You really think so? You're not just saying that?"

"I really think so," I said, "There isn't a man on the planet who could resist you." I suddenly realised that there must be something behind this, "Is something wrong? Has somebody said something to you?"

"No. No, they haven't. I just worry, that's all."

I didn't know quite what to do The oddness of the situation suddenly struck me. I was standing with my best friend, who was stark naked, feeling a little turned on, a little nervous, and a little concerned for her feelings.

Tentatively I reached forward and stroked her arm. "You really don't need to worry. Hell, if I was a bloke I'd fancy you," I said in a half confession.

"Would you?"

"Yes, sweetie. I would."

"What about as a woman?"

I tried to get my head around that question. Was she asking what I thought she was asking?

"You mean do I fancy you as a woman?"

"Yes."

I took a deep breath, "Yes. Yes, Claire I do."

"Really?"

I was shaking with lust and nerves as I admitted, "Really. I always have. I probably shouldn't tell you this, but you are my fantasy woman."

"Fantasy woman? Like as in, 'perfect'?" She asked with a slight quizzical smile on her face.

"Well, yes. And more," I said blushing, "Like as in when I fantasise."

She looked at me, tilted her beautiful head to one side and said, "Show me..."

I stood frozen to the spot. Something that had been a private fantasy in my head, was now on the cusp of becoming reality. I swallowed, looked at her beautiful nakedness. A silence seemed to fall over us, and we were in this bubble where the rest of the world just didn't exist. Claire was no more than three feet from me, so I took a step forward and planted a kiss on her lips. A tentative one. She responded by wrapping her arms around my waist and pulling me to her, returning the kiss more passionately. I placed my arms around her and we were locked in an embrace. I could feel her naked, glorious breasts pressing against my tee-shirt, against my braless breasts. I felt a huge surge centred on my pussy move out in waves around and through me and I had to draw in a breath, so I pulled back slightly and Claire opened her eyes, just as I did.

Without a word, she lifted my tee shirt, and I loosed my hands and held them up as she raised it over my head to reveal my breasts. I could feel how hard my nipples were. Claire now undid the button on my jeans and slid my zip down. I put my hands on the waist band and helped her slide them down over my thighs and down my legs. I stepped back and sat on the bed while Claire removed my shoes and slid my jeans off. I was now just in my panties, sitting on the bed.

Not one word had been said, and Claire rose up out from her crouch and pushed me down onto the bed, then lay down beside me. I was shaking with a combination of nerves and lust. She was on her side and reached a hand over to cup and stroke my breast. My nipples were so engorged they almost hurt. But I wanted more than that. I wanted to touch her as well, so I turned on my side and put my arm over her and pulled her to me. We kissed again, more passionately, our tongues intertwining. I could feel her breasts squashed against mine and just that fact was driving me wild. I could feel the wetness in my panties, and I so wanted to be touched there, and I so wanted to touch her there as well.

With one hand I was stroking the back of her head, as she did to me, and with the other I stroked down her back to her bum cheeks and caressed her, pushing my sex against hers. She opened her legs a little and I lifted my bum a little and slid my lower leg between hers and slid it up gently so that my thigh was rubbing her. When I felt her wet, naked pussy on my skin it was one of the most erotic things I have ever experienced. As we locked together, she slid the leg between my legs up to press against my own pantie clad sex. We started a movement that seemed to come naturally, her wetness sliding on me, mine on her. We started to moan into each other's mouths as we continued to kiss.

We were slow, and gentle and yet there was something urgent and wild about the way we were stroking, kissing, riding each other. I could feel her wetness against me, and how my own clit was throbbing and desperate.

I wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of eternity exploring Claire's body, and to have her explore mine. I broke away from the kiss and opened my eyes. We looked directly at each, deep into each other and no words were needed. We were almost hanging off the enormous bed, so I pushed her gently back so that she was flat on her back and I started to kiss her, first on the neck, nibbling under her ears, down to her beautiful breasts, licking and kissing over the flesh to her nipple. I took the nearest one in my mouth and felt its hardness, circling it with my tongue. With my free hand I stroked down over her other breast and took that nipple in my fingers. I was acting with such unusual abandon. I am normally fairly quiet and reserved, but not at that moment. This was my fantasy coming true, and I didn't want it to stop.
