 Greetings everyone,

This story was inspired by a lovely woman I have had the privilege of speaking to on here. She enjoyed my stories and suggested I write one for her (Note: This is not likely to happen to you). I thought that seemed like a nice idea and got started, after which I decide to change things up a little bit... Enjoy!

Much love,

-LadyDaisy 

*

"Mmm, I wanna be fucked so bad..." Tessa said as I lowered her onto the bed. She stripped herself, and I soon went to work on her tummy.

Her hands went up to my shirt. She pulled down my panties enough so that my ass could breathe. Tessa laid a soft, yet pleasing hand on them.

"Darling, I'm gonna make you cum like you've never came before-"

I got off work after what seemed like forever. The city streets entered their usual menagerie of people walking down them- black, white, old, young, on two legs or on wheels. I stopped then for a second.

I was staring at the girl on wheels. She looked rather tall for sitting down. Blonde hair in a pixie cut, hazel eyes... she was pretty.

I glimpsed at her. She caught my eye and stared back. 

"Hey, baby. I'm Tessa."

"Um, hi," I said, "You need a push?"

"Normally, I can handle things on my own, but I like ya."

I giggled. "Thank you, lovely Tessa."

I got her to her car. Once she was seated, she told me how to put her wheelchair back in the trunk. Tessa gave me the directions back to her apartment, and I got her in.

"Thank you. It's nice to have someone helping me."

"Oh, no problem, no problem at all."

Tessa groaned as she saw some of her cum on my tongue. There was enough to make it trail from my tongue twice or more. It turned out to be four. Her pussy was still wet from my lesbian magic. She was just as genius as I was, as I had come to learn.

It certainly turned out like that, when our lips touched and we started Frenching. Tessa's hand gripped my bare shoulder tightly. I grabbed her boobs, flicking her puffy nipples playfully. We moved up and down, making us get closer and closer to cumming our juices all over each other...

We both groaned as hot cum came out from our underlying parts. I licked it all up from Tessa's tummy, sticking my tongue in her bellybutton. Her body shook at this... her skin felt so warm and arousing... I think I came again just there!

"Darling... time to wake up..." I said, hoping the smell of the breakfast I had prepared would entice Tessa out of bed. It was morning, and a holiday as well, and the sun was shining. I felt like we would have some fun today.

"Mmm, yes, dear thank you..." I got her out of bed, placing her nude self in the wheelchair. I was still nude as well. I ate a little, then sat on Tessa's lap with my legs spread delibrately. She chuckled as she tried to eat in our new position. As she did so, I moved up and down, and up and down some more as I relentlessly felt her pussy on my ass. It was sensual, to say the least. Of course, I didn't want to make either of us come right then, that would be rude. After all, I was planning on being naughty later...

Once we were settled in her apartment, we talked for a little bit more. She told me she was left in a wheelchair after a botched surgery. It was unfortunate, but she rebounded right back and was happy in her new life. I smiled and told her I was happy to hear that. She didn't mind my questions, and I was happy to respond to hers. The subject of lesbianism eventually came up and she was so inclined as I was.

"Now is everything there in working order?" I asked, glancing to her vagina.

"Oh, yeah, my pussy's fine. I should know." She responded, laughing.

"Hmm, well, maybe I could test it a bit later."

It was a sunny day, I thought to myself as I pushed Tessa out onto the balcony of her apartment. We hadn't bothered to get dressed. I felt sparks fly when I rubbed against her skin. I had to breathe in and calm myself down for a moment. My friend noticed and gripped my hand. She took it to herself and kissed it. I went and sat on her lap again. She started massaging my pussy, apparently having noticed what I liked. My exposed lips were feeling her electrifying touch, and they were loving it. The arousal was was hitting me hard- but Tessa's fingers were hitting my pussy harder. My head flew back as I erupted into orgasm, spraying Tessa's fingers with my cum.

I felt I should return the favor and kneeled down on the floor. Tessa had a beautiful vagina, now that I was able to give it a close examination! What a great meal it would make... I didn't wait and went right for it. She started moaning instantly... It was incredibly arousing for the both of us. My tongue went to the vast, unexplored regions of her pussy... I didn't care how much of her juices flowed from her, I wasn't tired yet... We both had many, many orgasms on the porch. I think we might have been seen, but that didn't matter. Soon, I was hired as a housekeeper for a special woman...

I had excused myself to the restroom where I found Tessa looking at her clothes, then looking at me with a naughty smile.

"You wanna help me get into my pajamas?" she asked playfully.

"Uh, sure..." I said.

"Can I get in bed first, though?" asked Tessa.

We started kissing and touching. "Dear... Would you like me to fuck you?"