 "Alone at last", you yell as you grab my shirt and pull me down to the couch on top of you. 

"Baby, I have to finish unpacking the car," I said kissing your forehead and slowly getting up. That pouty look on your face could melt stone, and you always knew the perfect time and place to use it.

Life has been somewhat crazy lately. Both of our jobs are financially rewarding yet not satisfying anymore; the addition of a new puppy that equally satisfies and infuriates our 9-year old dog; and the on-going struggle of small town USA. But I would gladly walk to hell and back for this girl, she is 'my person', the one. Now, if only I could make her see that somehow. 

Finally, the car is unpacked and the dogs are settled and I look back at the love of my life who is half asleep on the couch. A shower is the only thing standing between me and wrapping my arms around her. A nice, hot long shower feels amazing after a long drive; relaxing even coupled with the peaceful surroundings and the in-explainable views. Standing on the back porch, smoking, listening to the water run in the creek, as your breast protrude in to my back. My natural reaction is to spin you around and hold you as close as possible for as long as you allow. There is something comforting and chest swelling about feeling the most tense person you have ever met, relaxing in your arms. "Let's call it a night baby. We have a long day of nothing ahead of us tomorrow." The corners of your mouth start to slyly turn upwards. Your excitement evokes a genuine smile from me. I don't think I knew what a genuine smile was before you.

Turning down the covers, I shoot you a look that makes my intentions clear. "Baby, it's been a long day and we have all weekend." I knew by your voice you were testing me for a reaction. I give you my best pouting face and lay back on my pillow. Turning just in time to see you bending at the waist to slide your thong down your thighs lifting one leg at a time to release your feet. The moonlight coming through the window providing just enough light to glisten the sheen of your arousal. I shift my eyes and turn slightly away, so you don't catch me looking. You do your slow seductive crawl into bed as I turn over to act like I am about to go to sleep, smiling from ear to ear trying not to let you see. As I feel your breath on the back of my neck my hair rises before you ever make contact. I can't take it! 

You know the back of my neck is my greatest weakness. I roll over flipping you on your back, holding your hands above your head, kissing you like it was during those first days of our relationship, up against the kitchen counter. Moving down your neck, releasing your arms allowing your fingers to run through my hair. Teasing your nipples with my tongue as your grip tightens and you start pushing my head lower. Trailing kisses down your side as you guide my focus where you want it. Your moans turning to impatient groans as I break free from your grasp and kiss down the inside of your thigh. Looking up to see the frustrated expression on your face, I smile and place a small kiss on your lips just to receive a small smile. 

Pushing them apart to make a long broad stroke with my tongue evokes a throaty moan that almost seemed to surprise you. The most self-controlled person with no control scares you slightly. Your back arches as I suck your clit into mouth flicking back and forth, your hips holding rhythm as I randomly dip down to the center to make sure I am not missing a single a drop of the nectar you are proving for me; sucking on your inner lips while I run my tongue in and out of your center. Right when your hips raise up and stay there I pull away; I'm not ready for you to cum yet. I pull away and your hips fall as your head raises. "What the hell!" I cut your sentence short by covering your mouth with mine, kissing you hard; as bad as you hate it you know how much it turns me on, so you allow it from time to time. Your gasp breaks the kiss as your head throws back as I slide in. Giving you a second to adjust to the new sensation of being full, I slowly start rocking my hips back and forth moving in and out of your tight wet pussy. 

Your hips rocking opposite of mine, matching my rhythm as I speed up going a little deeper each time. You whispering in my ear to go harder is almost my unraveling. But just as you find the rhythm you need I pull out flip you over and pull you up to your knees. Indulging my fantasy, you rock back against me. Running my hand up the inside of your thigh to reach your clit, circling it, flicking it, and driving you insane. Your rhythm picking up, rocking back harder and moans getting louder. A satisfied grin on my face; you say you can't cum like this. I bend to kiss your back, running my free hand down your back and side and across your ass. Rimming your back door with my thumb as your back bows and your rhythm becomes as erratic as your breathing. I can't make you hold out any longer. We both collapse to the bed as I gently pull out and you slide to lay your head on my chest, my breathing levels out and I ask "Aren't you glad I packed it." laughing a little you simply reply "Ass". 

"So what do you want to do tomorrow?" You ask half breathed with a smile. "That" is my simple answer. 

"Good night beautiful" I say, as I kiss your forehead. I can't wait for tomorrow.