 "What a bitch!"

The insult come from someone waiting behind me, but I decided to ignore it for the moment.

I gave the cashier a dirty look, "Hurry up."

"Ma'am," she said, "I truly am sorry, but I just can't help you. Without a receipt there is no way I can authorise a return. It's company policy."

"Listen up little girl, I'll spell this out for you: I don't have a receipt. This dress was a gift. I'm not going to say it again."

"Perhaps you could ask the person who gave you the gift to return it for you?"

"This was from my husband! How do you think he would feel if he found out that I don't want it! Try using your little head!"

I could tell she was getting upset.

"Please, I truly can't help you. Can I just call my manager?"

"Don't you dare, you whore. I want this taken care of right now, no more stalling!"

The cashier gave up. She opened the register and started counted out my money.

"Here you are ma'am," she said in a small voice, "I'll just give you the refund now, and I'll try to take care of the details when my manager gets back from lunch. I'm sorry if I have inconvenienced you."

"Finally," I gloated, "You're just lucky I'm in a good mood today; I could easily have called the head office and had you fired."

I carelessly tossed the bundle of notes in to my handbag. As I turned to leave a petite goth girl with raven black hair blocked my escape. I recalled the earlier insult but chose not to act on it.

"Excuse me?" I said to her, "You are in my way."

"You weren't very nice just then," she said quietly.

"Being nice won't get you very far in this world."

"She could be in serious trouble because of you."

"As if I give a shit. She'll be lucky if I don't arrange trouble myself."

I smiled at the thought.

"I think that you should try to treat other people with respect," she said, now with a definite edge to her voice.

"I think that you should take your own advice. Do you know who I am?"

"I've seen you shopping here several times, you're always a bitch. You need to get laid."

"Very mature. How about you get the hell away from me right now, or else I call the police."

I pressed on ahead. I could hear her muttering something under her breath as I parted, but I couldn't understand her. I moved a little quicker and was soon safe outside. A friend and I had arranged to meet at a nearby restaurant and I decided to travel on foot.

After my walk I took a moment to check my make-up. Flawless as expected. I made my way inside without interruption, no one dared to ask if I had had a seat reserved.

We had agreed on a corner table, it was positioned against a large window. I like privacy like everyone else but who can resist showing off their expensive taste?

Mary was already waiting, she sat there observing the street through the glass. I took a seat on the opposite side. Her hair long brunette hair had been recently curled, she was wearing an expensive white dress. The color contrasted against her olive skin impressively.

"What can you see out there?" I asked her, not really interested in the answer.

"There's some kind of convention going on this week, I had to escape from a swarm of dykes on my way here."

"How dreadful. I can't understand those people at all."

"I can't argue with that."

She turned to look at me. As her eyes met mine she suddenly blushed and looked away.

"You... you look nice today," she said.

"I doubt it. My maid woke me late and I only had an hour to prepare!"

"No, really, you look so much better than usual."

Now it was my turn to blush, "Er... sure. Are you feeling all right?"

She blushed, "I don't know, since you arrived I do feel a little flushed."

She grinned at me and I turned to the window.

The waitress arrived in good time.

"Good afternoon. Can I take your orders?"

"A fruit salad."

"Well.. I think I'll have a great big chocolate sundae," Mary said with a grin.

The waitress looked at me, "Have we met before?" she asked.

"Probably, we come here a lot. Hurry up and get on with your job."

She looked at me awkwardly for a moment the walked off.I kept my attention on the street outside. There certainly were a lot of freaks stumbling around.

Something brushed against my foot.

"Sorry," said Mary.

I ignored her. A second later it happened again.

"Seriously now," I said with a frown, "Try to be a little more careful."

"I'm so sorry," she said with a giggle.

Several poorly dressed women had paired off, they were milling around holding hands and exchanging kisses.

"It's simply awful," I said discouragingly.

Eventually the waitress returned and placed our meals on the table. I gingerly picked at the salad while Mary greedily devoured her sundae.

"Please, show a little restraint," I said, barely holding back a laugh.

Mary ignored me and was finished in no time at all. She didn't seem satisfied by it.

"How about we order some drinks?" she asked.

I nodded absentmindedly and she called the waitress back.

The waitress arrived and handed me a wine list, I casually looked it over. I noticed that Mary had disappeared from sight.

Something brushed against my leg and I reached down. My hand was just below the tablecloth when it was suddenly grabbed. I choked back a yell of surprise.

"Do you require assistance?" asked the waitress politely.

I swallowed hard, "No. I'm fine. Could you make a recommendation?"

"For you? Certainly."

A second hand ran up under my dress. The waitress was saying something but I was too distracted to hear her.

"How about you decide," I mumbled.

Below the table a finger hooked around the side of my panties. I pulled away as much as I could manage.

"I'm not really allowed to make suggestions," said the waitress.

The finger gave a tug and the flimsy underwear were torn off! My hand was instantly released, the assailant quickly forced my legs apart.

I held my breath.

"Seriously, are you feeling well? That dress looks awfully tight."

"I... I'm fine," I stuttered.

A tongue ran up my thigh. I pulled down on the hemline of my dress.

Beneath me came a familiar giggle. I carefully lifted the tablecloth and was shocked to see Mary between my legs, pawing at my dress. She gave me a dirty grin then pushed her lips up against my pussy.

I tried to stay still as Mary's tongue ran along my slit. She was clearly in no mood for foreplay, her tongue danced across my skin with wildly. My knees pushed against her uselessly, she refused to budge.

Mary pulled her head back for a second and a prepared to escape Before I could gather my senses she pulled my legs up over her shoulders then dove back in.

The waitress was watching me with interest.

"Wow," she said.

I felt a bolt of pleasure run down my spine. No one had ever eaten me out like this before, and certainly never in such a public place. She was like a wild animal and my body was responding.

The tongue between my legs pressed against me forcefully. I slid forward, unconsciously grinding again her face.

My heart was beating faster every second. Her tongue began approached my clitoris, I prepared myself as best I could but when she made contact I still buckled wildly.

"Oh God," I moaned, "That's so good! Whatever you do don't stop!"

I glanced at the waitress and the look of lust on her face pushed me over the edge. The orgasm enveloped my entire body, the waves of pleasure were so powerful I nearly passed out. I had to bite down on a napkin to keep myself from screaming.

Mary gave me a final lick then ran her tongue back down my thigh, a moment later my feet were back on the ground. She climbed out and took her seat once more. I looked at her glistening face incredulously.

"How was that?" she asked me.

I took a deep breath, "What the hell came over you? I've never come so hard in my life!"

"I don't know. I just had the urge to get you off," she answered, licking my cum off of her lips.

The waitress looked at me, "Hardest you're ever come?"

She grinned and made her way under the table. A second later there was a new tongue running up my leg.