 (the reader may wish to read the earlier chapters to understand the characters and relationships. I apologize it has taken so long for chapter 5. The girl-girl scene is new to me.)

*

The First Dinner

I was the first to arrive in the dining room for our first meal on the cruise. Charlie was off getting Carol, his girl friend, and Linda, my daughter was out and about. While I waited for the others to arrive, I thought back to the first time I met Ellen, Carol's mom.

It started back at one of their High School Speech competition. I had volunteered to help, and they put me to work in the concession stand. As I walked up to the booth I'm to be working at, I saw this attractive petite lady. She had shoulder length sandy blonde hair, beautiful green eyes and an inviting smile.

"Hi, I'm Terry, I guess we are working together this afternoon" I say as I held out my hand to shake hers.

"I'm Ellen. Aren't you Charlie's dad?" you replied.

"Yes, I am."

"I'm Carol's mom. I think our kids are seeing each other." 

We spent most of the afternoon talking about our kids and what they were doing. Our business was very sporadic, so we had a lot of time to chat. We also talked about our spouses who both worked too much.

When Ellen turned away, I got a chance to admire how nice she really looked. Her jeans were tight enough to see that she had a great ass and shapely thighs. Looking at her profile, it's hard to imagine she'd had two kids. The breasts aren't big, but they looked firm. Later, when we were carrying things out to the cars, Ellen choose not to wear a coat. It was rather chilly and coming back inside; her nipples were showing nicely through the pullover shirt.

Around 6 o'clock, the people running the tournament came around and told us to close up shop so we could attend the awards ceremony. We chatted on the way to the auditorium where you ran into a friend. I went ahead and found a seat. I was pleasantly surprised when you came in and sat down next to me. It was very enjoyable whispering during the awards. Our legs touched a few times. When I didn't pull my knee away, I notice you hadn't either. Nothing else happened, but the seed was planted in my mind. 

A night of dreams

That night, I couldn't seem to get you out of my mind. I kept conjuring up different scenarios where you and I were together. Sometimes we were just flirting, other times we had hot sex someplace together. A particularly hot one involved bending you over the serving counter and taking you from behind.

There you were your sweater still around your neck. Your breasts swaying free with our motion, unencumbered by your open bra. Your jeans and white bikini panties were around one ankle leaving your other leg completely naked. Your hands are spread on the cold stainless steal counter. You feel my fingers around your nipples as I pound into you. You start moaning, "Harder..."

"Dad. Dad. Dad, are you OK?" Linda asks.

"Huh, what?" I mumble, getting jerked back to reality.

"Where were you? You seemed a thousand miles away, with the biggest grin on your face." she kids as she plops down next to me at the dinning room table. "Where's the rest of the gang. Don't tell me I'm the first."

"Charlie went to escort Carol and Ellen. They should be here any minute." I reply. "And who is your friend?"

"Dad this is my new friend Lacie. Lacie, this is my Dad." you say formally trying to keep from laughing. "We met at the Captain's party this afternoon. We are both in college for pre-law and we are both swimmers."

I take a minute to look Lacie over. She looks like a dwarf next to Linda who is 5'11". I'm guessing Lacie is maybe 5 foot even. She has short sun bleached hair and blue eyes. Nice figure, more curves than Linda, and very young looking. But the way she is dressed, I'm sure I'm not the only one whose attention she has caught.

Linda reaches her arms around my neck; a move I know is the prelude to getting me to agree with something she wants. "Daddy dearest," she lays it on, "Lacie and I were talking earlier. Her brother Eric couldn't get away from work due to some big project or something that came up. Anyway, she is in a double cabin all by herself." she swoons. "I know that with the three of us in our cabin, it is a little tight, not to mention awkward. So, Lacie invited me to move into her cabin with her. Can I?" she asks with her blue eyes looking up at me. "And her grandparents are just across the hall to keep us safe." she adds to try to seal the deal.

The first thing I think of is that with her gone, that will mean one less person with a key to interrupt Ellen and me. I decided that I shouldn't look too anxious, so I give her my "pondering" look. "Is it ok with your parents Lacie?" I ask.

"Sure Mr. Schumacher, they were worried I wouldn't have any friends onboard given there are only 70 some passengers." Lacie adds, trying to sound very grown up.

"Ok Linda, if it is ok with her grandparents, it's ok with me. Just don't make me regret this. I just feel sorry for the young men on the boat" I grin.

Linda leans over and gives me a big kiss on the cheek before saying, "Thanks Daddy. I love you." 

"What did she talk you into now?" Charlie asks as he, Carol and Ellen walk up to the table. I see he and Carol are holding hands. When I look over at Ellen, I think my jaw dropped. She's wearing a sun dress with spaghetti straps and a hem about halfway up her thigh. There is just a touch of make up present and her lips look absolutely luscious.

"Dad is letting me move in with Lacie for the rest of the week. Her brother couldn't make it at the last minute, so she is in the room all by herself." Linda replies.

"God help the guys on the ship" he chuckles, knowing how wild his sister can get sometimes. Then he remembers that I'm there and hopes I didn't catch his comment.

Lacie joins us and we find out she too is 21, just like Linda. The meal was Mahi Mahi over local vegetables. The food is delicious. So is the company. Part way through meal, I feel your toes sliding along the inside of my ankle. 

"Have any of you seen that new movie about Navy Commandoes?" you ask with a grin. I see the twinkle in your eye and wonder if you are telling me the truth. Did you "go commando"?

After desert, I look over and notice that both Charlie and Carol have their hands below the table. I snicker thinking what might be going on. Carol did have a short skirt on when she came to the table. I catch your eye and glance over at them.

Meanwhile, I hear Linda and Lacie snickering and pointing. I follow their gaze to see the victims of interest. Seems they found two guys that look to be around their age. They look so alike; I'm betting they are twins. They are sitting with their mom and dad. Mom is rather attractive in California way. Their dad looks very pale. I wonder if he is ill or just seasick?

"Dad, Lacie and I are going to move now." Linda says as they excuse themselves, but not before walking by the table with the twins. I watch as the boys first see the two girls and then turn to follow them with their eyes. I swear Linda has an extra sway in her hips, and Lacie might just have a little more bounce in her step.

Charlie and Carol are the next to leave. "We're going up top to do some dancing Dad. That island band sounds pretty cool."

After they have left, your foot begins sliding along my calf again. "I guess it is just you and me. What do you think we should do?" you ask with a grin.

"I think we should take a walk, to let me verify you are in fact 'going commando', and then I'll take you back to my cabin to let you practice your cowgirl routine." I whisper.

"Sounds like a plan to me," you reply, "Lead the way sexy." you whisper. 

Her First

Meanwhile, Linda and Lacie have gone to our cabin to get her stuff. "Damn Linda, you have such sexy legs." Lacie comments as she admires Linda's long toned legs.

Linda blushes before saying, "I call them my swimmers legs. It keeps them very sculptured."

"I bet the guys and girls love it when you wrap them all the way around their waist." Lacie adds with a lusting look in her eye.

The mention of both boys and girls enjoying it caught Linda off guard. Like most girls, she'd been curious about girls, but had only been with guys in a sexual way. Her eyes slowly move down Lacie's body, admiring the firmness of her breasts pulling her shirt tight across her chest. It is obvious Lacie isn't wearing a bra because her nipples are very aroused.

"And I bet they enjoy playing with your boobs. They look scrumptious." Linda replies.

Lacie just grins and wiggles her eyelids. They pick up Linda's suitcases and head down the hall. "Did you see how those boys looked at us when we walked by?" Lacie asks.

"Ya. I think the one on the outside, you know the one, with his tongue on the floor as you and your titties went bouncing by, would have followed you like a puppy anywhere." says Linda.

"Well, did you catch the way the other one was watching your ass as you sashayed away? And you do have a walk that should be bottled. You'd make a mint." snickered Lacie.

They arrived at Lacie's room and she showed Linda where to put her stuff. "I think we need to go meet those brothers don't you? Now to decide what bait to use to catch them?" Lacie winks.

"Why not what we have on now? It seemed to get their attention earlier" inquired Linda.

"I'm feeling nasty tonight. I want to show off some of this cleavage you were admiring earlier. In fact, I'm already getting wet just thinking about it" she responds will taking a closer look at Linda.

Linda saw the glance while looking into the mirror. She wonders what Lacie has in mind. When she turns around she sees that Lacie has pulled off her shirt, exposing her firm breasts. She guesses they are D's which dwarf her own small B's. The nipples are hard and a dark pink.

"Do you like them?" Lacie asks before holding her mounds in her hand. Her fingers begin gently pulling on her nipples and a little moan escapes her lips. She then slides her hands down her torso, taking her shorts and thong with them. 

Linda has never been around a girl who has been such and exhibitionist. It is then that she notices Lacie has a clean shaven pussy. "Do you just shave or do you get a wax?" she asks.

"I save the waxing for special occasions. This is just a shave. Would you like to touch it? It's nice a wet for you Linda." Lacie adds before walking over to Linda. She gently grabs her hand, placing Linda's palm on her thigh. "That's it. Can you feel how hot I am? Guess who got me that way?" Lacie chides.

Linda is shocked. She's never touched a girl, much less a beautiful naked girl who is urging her on. "Lacie, I've never touched a girl before." She says sheepishly.

Without a word, Lacie move her feet, creating an opening between her legs. She then slowly moves Linda's hands in a circular motion along her inner thigh. "Hmm, that feels good Linda" Lacie murmurs.

Linda begins feeling the wetness that is coming between Lacie's legs. She feels how slippery Lacie's skin is with her arousal. Lacie jumps when Linda finds her clit.

"Yes Linda. That feels so good" Lacie breathes as she guides Linda's fingers. She moves her other hand to begin caressing Linda's tight ass. Fingers start moving faster as Lacie's breathing becomes more rapid.

Linda freezes when she feels the body next to hers begin to shake. "Did I do something wrong?" Linda asks as Lacie's eyes begin to focus again.

"Oh girl, you are a natural." she murmurs. Lacie then takes one of Linda's fingers and licks it dry of her juices. She then offers the other finger to Linda. "Try it, you'll like it. Maybe not as well as a hard cock and hot cum, but sweet never the less."

Linda reluctantly licks the nectar she is offered.

Lacie then reaches down to lift Linda's tank top up over her head. She chuckles inwardly when she sees the plain white bra underneath. With Linda's arms in the air in anticipation of taking off her shirt, Lacie reaches up to caress the firm cloth encased mounds. She quickly lifts the bra off, exposing Linda's large puffy nipples sitting atop her smallish breasts. Without thinking of it, she bends down to suck Linda's left nipple into her mouth. Lacie hears the rapid intake of breath this causes Linda. 

Linda throws off her shirt and reaches behind to undo her bra. Next she grabs Lacie's head, pulling it tighter against her chest as she moans in pleasure. Lacie makes quick work of undoing Linda's shorts and sliding them and her panties to the floor. Without letting go of the nipple in her mouth, Lacie guides Linda back to the bed.

Kneeling next to the bed, Lacie looks up at Linda's long trim body with lust in her eyes. Keeping eye contact, she licks her way up Linda's thigh towards the tasty treat she can already smell. She feels Linda's muscles quiver in anticipation as she gets closer. A slight pressure on Linda's knees spreads them further apart, allowing her to see Linda's petals open for her. She marvels at how hard and erect her clit is. Linda yells out in pleasure with the first swipe of her tongue along her little button. She raises her pelvis in response, trying to get more pressure. One hand moves up to Linda's left breast while the other grabs her right cheek. She begins flicking her tongue over Linda's sexy mound, enjoying her panting response.

"Yes, don't stop now. Gaud I never had a guy do it like that" she moans.

A tweak of her nipple and gentle bite are enough to send her over the edge. She screams out as the orgasm rakes her body.

Lacie slows her pace; gently bring Linda down from the hill top. "That should get you in the right frame of mind for the rest of the evening. Those guys don't stand a chance." Lacie grins to Linda who has a bewildered and quizzical look on her face.

"Why did you stop? That felt so good." Linda pleaded.

"My roommate and I use to always eat each other out to get us ready for a night out on the prowl. I swear the boys will smell the sex and will do anything you ask. Just watch" Lacie replied. With that she got up to wash Linda off her face and to re-do her hair and makeup.

Linda just lay there, naked while trying to recover and come to grasp with what just happened. If that was just the prelude she thought, what will the main event be like?