 For hundreds of years people spoke of a woman living in the forests of Elthian, not too far out from the little village those forests surrounded. Little was known about her, as most accounts came from the occasional merchant or hunter who lost his way before finding it again. She was described as a hideous creature, whose teeth looked like daggers from a distance. And from a distance was the only way she'd been seen; the few men who dared to wander closer were shocked by her allusive nature—in the blink of an eye she was gone. As if this wasn't puzzling enough, most women who went into the forest never returned. The enchantress, as they called her, was blamed by the villagers. They deemed her evil and forbade their children from stepping foot in the forest. Eventually, she became the stuff of legend, and the villagers claimed that she feasted on young women to stay alive and immortal.

Although some time has passed since anyone last claimed to see the witch, and the talk of her has died down to the occasional spooky story told to bad little girls, many people still avoid the woods as a habit and as an unspoken rule. 

That rule, however, does not seem to apply to Luella. A young, charming girl of nineteen, Luella ignores silly fables like that of the Witch of Elthian. She tends her parents' garden, feeds the chickens and the cows, shaves the sheep when the time comes, and—most importantly—takes care of the horse, Mabel. Mabel belongs to her father and is only used when he travels to other villages to trade. Still, when her parents go to sleep, she often rides Mabel happily and freely to the end of the village where the cobblestone road begins to lead into the forest. 

One evening, shortly after her mother and father go to sleep, Luella decides to once again take Mabel. But instead of turning back once she reaches the forest, they venture slowly into the woods. She breathes in the smell of pinecones and rich soil and smiles, running a hand along Mabel's neck and giving her a pat. The sun is still setting, so wildflowers and rose bushes are still just barely visible. Taking in the beautiful sights and sounds of the forest, she wonders why people make such a fuss about it. 

Realizing she should head home, Luella turns Mabel around when she hears a whisper and pauses. It's faint, but she swears someone is saying her name. Luella . . .  the voice purrs. Luella gets off of Mabel and grabs the reigns, looking around to find the source of this seductive voice. 

She hears the voice again, this time closer. Luella . . . She quickly turns around, and a loud gasp escapes her lips as she sees a woman, illuminated by a lantern, standing only a few feet away from her. Eyes wide with horror, Luella takes a step back. 

"Hello," the woman says in a sultry voice, a glint of amusement in her eyes. 

Luella swallows, and laughs nervously to herself. "Hello," she says sheepishly. "You startled me."

A rich, sexy laugh escaped the woman. "Silly me. You shouldn't be in the forest anyway. There are . . . witches that live in these woods, they say."

Luella, reigns still in hand, takes two steps closer to the woman, branches cracking beneath her feet. "I-I don't believe in witches," she stammers. "They are just stories meant to make girls behave."

"Oh?" The woman smirks. "And how do you know I'm not a witch?"

Luella shifts in her spot. "They say the witch is an ugly beastie with white hair and sharp teeth who eats the ladies of the village." 

And clearly, the woman in the forest with Luella did not match that description. This woman was young and beautiful and seemed to look the exact opposite of Luella. While they both had radiant beauty, Luella's was considerably softer, whereas the woman in the forest had chiseled features. Luella had white blonde hair, a faint tan, and bright blue eyes, whereas the woman had hair so deep red that it looked black, alabaster skin, and very dark green eyes. Her beauty was inhuman.

"That is true," the woman purrs. "My name is Taegan. And you are . . ." 

"Luella. If you don't mind me asking . . . where are you from and why are you here?"

Taegan smiles brightly. "I live across the forest in a neighboring village. I come to the forest often to . . . relax."

Taegan begins to walk slowly deeper into the forest with Luella at her side, who seems to have forgotten she was on her way home. 

Luella strokes Mabel and smiles. "Are you a noble there? I can't help but notice your jewels." 

Taegan is dressed quite strangely and differently from women in Luella's village, who all wear peasant gowns. Atop her head lies a black circlet with a large black jewel in the center of her forehead. That doesn't seem too bizarre to Luella—it's the rest of her attire; ornate black leather covers most of her torso and throat, although her smooth waist is completely bare. A strip of the same fabric attached to her top runs down her belly button and meets her underwear, which sit high on her hips. To Luella's disbelief, the underwear have slits along the sides where they hug her hips. And on her ankles are bracelets that match the circlet, encrusted with the same large jewels. Despite being so exposed to nature, her body is soft and smooth. 

Taegan smiles again. "As a matter of fact, darling, I'm the queen. Would you like to see my village?"

Excitement fills Luella's lithe little body and she smiles eagerly at Taegan. "I'd love to!" she squeals in a whisper. She takes the hand Taegan has offered her and goes deeper and deeper into the forest; yet the deeper she goes, the stranger she feels. Her feet eventually grow numb to the feeling of branches and twigs snapping beneath her and the sound of the crickets chirping has become mere background noise. After what feels like hours of walking in circles, they arrive at a cabin alongside a stream. 

"W-where are we?" Luella asks groggily. Suddenly, she feels so dizzy. Taegan shushes her with that same seductive whisper Luella heard earlier and guides her inside, sitting her down on a chair next to a wooden table. 

From her tired, blurry eyes, Luella could easily make out how quaint the cabin was. It had a crackling fireplace going, a nice couch from which to watch the fireplace, a cozy kitchen, two doors, and what looked like a basement. 

"Taegan?" Luella asked, starting to panic. 

"Hush, child," she cooed, running her ring-covered fingers through Luella's soft blond locks. "Drink this."

Luella happily obliged, sipping the delicious, sparkling drink slowly to make it last. 

"Yes," Taegan purred in Luella's ear behind her, "drink up."

Taegan slowly began to untie Luella's dress, the excitement of seeing a new naked body making her hot between her thighs. Luella's bare back was exposed and illuminated by the fireplace contrasting beautifully with her blonde hair. With one hand still on Luella's back, Taegan made her way before Luella and got on her knees. 

She looked deeply into Luella's confused eyes and snickers a bit, rolling her eyes. "Foolish girl. Do you think I'd let those filthy men see me as I really am? Indeed not." She stood back up and straddled Luella, whose eyes were wide with terror. "That delicious little drink you just had was something I conjured up myself." She laughs to herself and sighs gleefully. "Yes, darling. In just a small matter of time you will be mine to do with what I please. It's been so long since I've had fresh meat. I was getting weak," she winked, grinning sinfully. 

Standing up, Taegan went sit on the edge of the couch. "Undress yourself and come to me," she demanded. Any amusement in her tone evaporated, and only sinful lust was left behind. 

Luella smiled, doing as told. She slides her dress off her shoulders to reveal her nakedness in all its glory. Taegan licked her lips at the sight of Luella's perky breasts and lets out a moan before curling her finger inward. Luella wasted no time going to her new master, kneeling down before her. Without hesitation, Taegan leaned back with her legs spread and moved her panties to the side to reveal her smooth pink pussy, dripping at the thought of having a new slave. 

She grabs the back of Luella's head and says, "Eat my pussy," before slamming her face into her wet mound. She lets out a gasp as Luella's tongue explores, lapping up her juices. She moans loudly, pulling Luella away and then bringing her back again. Back and forth, back and forth, Luella sucks and licks her throbbing clit, rubbing her face in it in circular motions. Saliva mingles with Taegan's juices as they run down Luella's soft chin. 

With a growl of lust, Taegan stands up on the couch. In one swift motion she has Luella leaning against it on her back with her head on the cushion. Playing with herself gently, Taegan, facing away, lowers herself onto Luella's eager tongue. 

"Ooh, yes, darling," she moans as she bounces up and down. A sight to behold, she looks down and relishes the the image of Luella's tongue working so hard to please her. Luella's delicate little nose is nestled between Taegan's voluptuous cheeks, even now and then grazing the puckered hole. "Mmmmm," she moans again, reaching down to cup Luella's soft breasts as she grinds her pussy back and forth on Luella's lapping tongue. 

Close to release, Taegan hops off. "I'm not finished with you yet, darling. Get on the couch."

With a whimper Luella does as she is told. Teagan quickly gets on her knees, forcing Luella's legs open and holding them upward by her knees. Without blinking or hesitating she dives into Luella's pussy and eats it like her last meal. Starting from her tight asshole, she licks all the way up to the tip of Luella's pussy, ravaging it like an animal. Wildly and loudly Luella moans and pleads, fighting the urge to writhe and buck on Taegan's tongue. Meanwhile, Taegan smiles to herself as she sucks Luella's clit and pulls on it, letting it pop out of her mouth before flicking it with her tongue. 

"Turn around and get on your knees," Taegan orders, patting Luella's swollen pussy. 

It takes Luella a lot of strength to move, the ecstasy draining her of her energy. Still, she does as she is told and bends over with her legs spread, torso low with her ass high in the air. 

Mmm, perfect, Taegan thinks to herself and she looks at the dripping wet pussy before her. With deliberation, she slowly licks Luella's pussy from the bottom of her pussy to the top of her asshole, using her entire tongue. Luella's eyes roll to the back of her head and she moans loudly. Taegan licks and sucks her pussy dry, rubbing a thumb over her tight asshole. 

Close to the edge of insanity, Luella begins to bounce her pussy up and down on Taegan's wet tongue. Moaning wildly, she cums and eventually collapses. With a cocky grin, Taegan smiles and sits on the arm of the couch. Her legs are spread wide, one leg on the back of the couch and one on the edge of the seat, her pussy glistening in the light of the fireplace. 

"My turn," she winks. 

Hungrily, Luella begins to lick her pussy again, up and down, side to side. Taegan lowers her bodice to reveal her supple breasts, squeezing them with one hand as the other holds the back of Luella's messy hair. Without even having to be told, Luella slides two fingers into Taegan's eager pussy, curling upward and savagely going in and out. 

Taegan's moans grow louder and louder as her pussy is being licked and fucked, her head lolling back. As she feels herself about to cum, she buries Luella's face deeper into her pussy and let's her body writhe in sexual bliss. 

Smiling devilishly, she gets up from the couch, Luella in hand, and walks toward the basement door in the floor. "That was so worth the wait."

Opening the door, only a faint light is seen. Luella, frightened yet again as the effects of the potion begin to fade, hesitates. "Go on," Taegan purrs. 

Down Luella goes, startled at what she sees. Dozens of skeletons and bones. "W-w-what is this?" she whimpers, looking around frantically. "What have you done?"

Taegan shoves her in. "This is where you will stay until you are too old to give me your youth and beauty."

Terrified, Luella backs up against a stone pillar, clinging to it for dear life. Angry and scared, she barks, "What are you talking about, witch!" 

Radiant yet again, Taegan laughs and waves Luella's anger away as if she had made some asinine joke about the weather. "Don't worry, child. I'll be back. Hopefully," she grinned sinisterly as she began up the steps, "with company."