 "You're so wet," Leila breathed. And Rosia was wet. She was practically dripping. Leila ran her fingers up and down Rosia's labia, then hooked one finger underneath the little rosebud of skin at the top of her vagina, and - 

Rosie's hips rocked up and she let out a long, loud moan. Leila smiled, knowing that she was doing this to Rosia. She moved her fingers slowly at first. She rubbed and tapped Rosia's clitoris in an intermittent rhythm, just watching the beautiful woman convulse from her touch. She increased the frequency slowly...Rosia lifted her head, her hands clasped over her breasts, playing with her nipples. She looked almost as if she was in pain, frantic with her desire for Leila. She let her head hit the floor and pushed her hips up once more, urging Leila with her body.

Leila pushed the satin panties to the side and slipped a finger into Rosia's vagina. Rosia gasped, and Leila knew she was close. Feeling how wet her beautiful lover was, she slipped a second finger in, and then a third. Rosia released a noise somewhere between a moan and a growl as Leila moved in and out of her, rubbing her clit all the while. The moaning became louder and more frenzied. Leila waited until Rosia was right on the verge of orgasm and quickly pulled her fingers out and stopped rubbing her clit. 

"What are you doing? I was just about to cum!" 

Leila just smirked at her. 

"Oh, you're going to cum. But it's not going to be as boring as that." 

She pulled the panties off of Rosia and spread her legs. She began kissing her immaculately waxed thighs, taking her sweet time with her tongue as she moved closer and closer to the vagina. Rosia even smelled amazing. The unfairness of it all was truly astounding. 

Just when Leila was about to come into contact with Rosia's wet labia, she pulled back and grabbed Rosia's ass. She turned her around. 

"Sit," Leila commanded. 

"Where?" 

"On your desk." 

"You're the boss now, huh?" 

But Rosia, dripping, went to sit on the desk. Leila responded to her question by crossing over to the woman, naked and glorious, and biting her neck. 

"You bet your ass I'm the boss." 

She got down on her knees. 

"Wait," Rosia interjected. 

Leila looked up at her. She smiled mischievously. 

"Put the Louboutins back on." 

Leila did so, and Rosia got the full view of Leila's gorgeous body striding over to her in the confidence that only the red-bottomed shoes could have given her. Leila sunk to her knees and resumed licking Rosia's thighs before putting her mouth where the money was. 

She licked slowly around Rosia's labia, then probed Rosia's red flesh until she found the clitoris. She spared no expense. Maybe it was the added heat of doing it in front of the office windows, but Rosia was sweeter than any other woman Leila had ever tasted. She licked frenziedly, Rosia's hands gripping the back of her head, pulling her closer. Rosia looked down into Leila's eyes as her mouth was buried in Rosia's pussy. The look in there was defiant, like she was just challenging Rosia to come too quickly.

"Aah...ahh...aaah...aaah!" 

Rosia's entire body quivered as the lightheaded wave of orgasm washed over her. She collapsed back onto the desk, sending a stapler and a cup of paper clips crashing onto the ground. Leila crawled up and straddled the woman. Her cheeks were flushed, and she was breathing heavily. 

"So...I think you liked that." 

"Liked it?!" Rosia exclaimed. "That was some of the best sex I've ever had." 

Leila closed the distance and kissed Rosia, long and deep. 

"Well, it's my pleasure to pleasure a beautiful woman." 

They kissed again, this time letting each other's tongues slip into the other's mouth. Rosia's hands fondled Leila's small, perky breasts, then slipped down to her ass, sliding under the underwear Leila hadn't even noticed she was still wearing. She nibbled Leila's earlobe. She whispered hungrily, 

"I think it's my turn to watch you under my control." 

Leila felt the shivery need in her sopping underwear. She responded by kissing Rosia ferociously. She could still taste Rosia on the older woman's lips. She smiled, remembering how Rosia had quivered under the power of her tongue. 

I did that, she thought, and a little rush ran from her feet to her shoulders. Rosia's hands were moving up and down her body. They slid back under her underwear. She grasped one of her cheeks firmly and her fingernails dug into Leila's soft skin. She placed a long, wet kiss on Leila's collarbone. She bit it softly, as Leila gasped. Rosia removed one hand from under Leila's panties, and ran it over her breasts. She used it to guide Leila's nipple back into her mouth as she swept the young girl's long, dark hair out of the way. She sucked and nibbled, and Leila threw her head back in satisfaction. Rosia moved onto the other nipple, watching Leila convulse. Suddenly, Rosia moved her hand to the base of Leila's neck and pulled her back. It was forceful, but not painful. Leila smiled playfully at Rosia. She enjoyed the power struggle. It turned her on to know that either one of them could change at any moment. 

"Fuck me," Leila breathed.  Rosia responded by dragging her tongue slowly from in between Leila's breasts all the way up to her chin, holding her by the hair the entire way. Leila closed her eyes, ready to receive Rosia's kiss. But instead she felt the older woman's finger in her mouth. She closed her mouth around it, swirling her tongue around as it moved in and out. Leila's pussy was screaming for her lover's touch. Rosia used her other hand to push Leila's underwear down. Unlike Leila's teasing technique, Rosia went straight for Leila's clitoris. Leila was already so wet she couldn't help but let out a moan that was louder than usual. She rubbed in circles as Leila writhed under her. 

"Are you going to cum?" she asked. 

"Yes. Fuck, yes!" Leila practically screamed. 

"Good," said Rosia, and promptly removed her hand. Leila looked at her, confused. Rosie was serious. She reminded Leila of a hungry tiger. Wordlessly, she slid Leila's panties off and slid off the desk. 

"Get on all fours. Face the window." 

Leila promptly obliged, although the Louboutins made it a bit difficult. She felt Rosia's tongue travel down her ass cheeks. She parted them, and found Leila's vagina gaping up at her, begging to be filled. She inserted one finger, and Leila moaned. A second, and Leila moaned louder. She began moving, pumping them slowly. 

"Jesus," Leila exhaled, "you're torturing me!" 

"That's the way I like it, baby," said Rosia as she quickened her strokes. "I want to see you writhe under my control. Now tell me, do you want to cum?"

"Yes!" 

"Are you gonna cum for me?" 

"Yes, oh my god, yes! Please, please make me cum!" 

Rosia's fingers were moving quickly. Leila almost couldn't stand the friction. She pushed her ass up so that Rosia's fingers would hit closer to that sweet spot. She felt the wetness of Rosia's tongue inside her. The coolness of her mouth mixed with the friction of her fingers. One, two, three. Her body froze. She felt the white energy of orgasm move from her toes all the way up to her shoulders. 

"Ahh...ahhh...AAAHHH!!" she practically shouted. Leila rolled over on the desk and collapsed onto her back. Rosia climbed on top of her and kissed her, long. Leila couldn't even think of moving after that, but Rosia immediately removed herself and began dressing. 

"You should get dressed," the older woman said. "There's only a certain amount of time an interview can go before they get suspicious." 

"Oh," was all Leila could manage. She crossed over to her deposited dress and pulled it back on. She took the mirror out of her purse and pulled her hair back together as Rosia did the same. When they were both acceptable, Rosia walked her to the door. 

"Well," she said in a very professional manner, "I'd like to formally offer you the position. You start Monday at nine. Does that work for you?" 

"Yes. Absolutely." 

"Good. I'll see you then." 

Rosia extended her hand. Leila shook it, confused about what just happened. Rosia opened the door and Leila walked out. She smiled at Madison and promptly got into the elevator, where everything had started. 

What the fuck just happened? 

She thought about it. 

Well, I just had the best sex of my life. With my boss!

As she thought about Rosia's tongue buried in her, Leila couldn't help but slip her hand under her dress. There were fifteen floors, after all. And that's when she noticed she was no longer wearing any underwear. She'd left them in the office.