 I appreciate all the feedback I've received about this story. Some of you have guess the path in which this story has taken. There's more to come after this, so please keep reading and commenting! Feel free to PM me any comments, questions, or requests for new stories you may have. 

Thank you for reading. Enjoy! 

Chapter 03: The Second Week 

*Saturday evening after lunch with Gina* 

Things went a little differently at lunch than I expected. I wasn't expecting to tell an unfulfilled story, but it has me filled with such excitement that I couldn't help but tell my best friend Gina! I could tell she was getting turned on and I don't blame her. Melissa has me in a tizzy more often than not these days, and now I feel like I've ignited the same fire inside Gina. Regardless, I was home and things needed to get done before my husband Ben comes home tomorrow from his trip. 

After dinner, I sat down on the couch with a glass of wine and my laptop. I wanted to learn the art of lesbian love making from something other than those 6-minute, bogus lesbian scenes that are plastered all over the free porn sites. After some browsing, I found an independent film that looked somewhat promising. I selected it and was about to start it when my phone sounded. 

"Whatcha doin'?" Gina asked. 

This wasn't out of the ordinary as we kept in contact all the time and would often text each other when we were bored or had something exciting to tell the other. 

"Just sitting here about to watch a movie." I replied. 

"I'm bored and I've seen all the movies I have. I'd watch one of my shows I have queued up, but I'm not interested in those right now." 

I think I knew what she was getting to. She was probably thinking about our conversation earlier and wanted to hear more. I wonder if she got off on it after she got home? The idea intrigued me. I'd like to see where this goes. 

"Why don't you come over and we can watch a movie together?" I replied, wondering if I should change the movie genre or start with this and see how things go. 

"I would like that! :) I'll hop in the shower and be there shortly." She replied, not too urgently. 

That's probably a good idea. I could use a freshening up and perhaps trim some areas that may need attention. I looked at the phone and it was only a little after 7. I wonder if Melissa would text me later or if she is expecting me to text her first. Maybe Gina will be here to witness a conversation. No matter, I needed to get into the shower. 

Not long after I finished showering, Gina arrived. She brought some wine with her and shared some with me. We sat on the couch facing the TV and she snuggled close to me as she usually does, shoulders touching each other. I decided to leave the movie choice as it was. 

"So, I picked out this particular movie because it will probably help me in the not too distant future." I said, staring at the TV. 

"Yeah? What's it about?" She asked, unaware. 

"Well, with the story I began telling you this afternoon, I realized that when I do actually meet up with Melissa, I may want to have some idea of what to do, right?" I said, genuinely wondering if it was a good idea. I'm not sure why I was asking her, she wasn't a lesbian or even bisexual, so she wouldn't know. 

"So, it's a lesbian porno!" She said, laughing out loud. 

I playfully slapped her arm. "No! It's a lesbian movie, but it's an independent full-length movie I found on this streaming service we have." 

"Well, you never did finish telling me the story, you know. I'd like to hear that, and I think we're in a more comfortable environment for that, yeah?" She asked. 

I don't think she took care of business after she got home. 

"Sure! And you might even witness her texting me tonight. I was debating about whether to text her first, but I'll wait a bit more and see if she texts first. So, where did I leave off? Oh, right. I told you about the first week and the text conversation that followed it." 

"Yes! It seems you have another full week to catch me up on! But first, I'm going to get another glass of wine. Would you like another?" 

I looked at my glass and realized I would want another before too long. "Grab my bottle and yours and we'll sit for a spell and I'll tell you all about last week!" 

As Gina walked away, I caught myself staring at her ass. This seems to be a new thing for me, and it's weird considering I've never contemplated relations with another woman before. I'm not sure where it's coming from, but clearly, I'm open to it since Melissa came into my life. At least, I think I'm open to it. 

Gina came back with both bottles in hand, set them down on the coffee table, and got comfortable on the couch facing me after pouring us each a glass. She stared at me with anticipation. I guess I felt the same considering I kind of left her hanging mid-story. 

*week 2 - day 1* 

After our quite explicit exchange the previous Saturday, I was anxious to see what Monday would bring. I did my extended primp and polish session as I did the week before. One last look in the mirror and I was ready to go. My heart was beating with anticipation of what would happen on the bus this morning. I could barely sleep last night thinking of last week, our text conversation, and what the combination of the two could bring for today. 

The bus turned the corner and my heart started racing. The last couple days I rode the bus, she made her way onto it before me. It came to a stop in front of me and I scanned the windows to see if I could see her before I boarded, but I couldn't. I stepped on to a mostly empty bus and, again, looked around. She was not there. I don't think anything I said would have scared her away from me. I resigned myself to the thought that she would be at her normal stop. 

My anxiety kicked into overdrive as the bus rounded the turn toward her normal stop. The bus had filled significantly between my stop and hers and there were few seats remaining, none of which were next to me. How was this going to work out? It would make me seem overly needy if I got out of my seat and sat next to her. We pulled up to her stop and I straightened my posture to see if I could see her outside. I watched as everyone boarded, and my heart sank when I realized she wasn't there. What did I do? Maybe she was just sick? She could have told me she wasn't going to be here today. I was disappointed to say the least. 

There was one more stop before mine and then I would have to be on my way. I was not going to be happy today. Thoughts flooded my mind about what I could have done differently and what was said that could have made her run away from me. Next thing I know, she was standing in front of me! I was overwhelmed and could not speak to her if I wanted to. I was so relieved, I felt as if my head was spinning and I hadn't realized I had put my hand on her leg. As soon as I realized what I had done, I quickly removed my hand and snapped my head up to look at her. 

She was already looking down at me smiling and could see the visible redness in my cheeks. I must have had the most idiotic smile on my face as I watched her drop her backpack on the floor. She was facing away from me and I scanned her from top to bottom, admiring her curves. It appears she took the extra effort to show a little skin this morning. Her pants hung a little lower on her hips, her shirt didn't go down quite as far as it used to, and her perfume was a bit different this morning. I couldn't place it. 

It felt like only moments until I was at my stop. I stood up slowly and made sure to brush up against her every chance I could. When I grabbed my bag off the seat and turned again to walk away, she turned to me and placed her hand on my arm. I got instant goose bumps. She leaned in and whispered in my ear. 

"Are you ready for this?" I said excited. 

'Tomorrow, wear a skirt... and no panties.' I looked at her, shot her a sly grin in confirmation, and walked away. My god, the things that were on my mind all that day. 

"Were you instantly wet?" Gina asked me, touching my arm. 

"Yes, and most of the day as well. Do you know how difficult it is to function when you have encounters such as this? It was clear she planned all of this out. At least now I know that if something is different than the day before, then it was almost certain her plan for it to be that way." 

That evening, I was careful to pick out what I was going to wear. I picked out a sexy skirt that didn't make it obvious that I wasn't wearing panties, but also was appropriate for work. I matched it with a silky blouse that was heavy and showed the outline of my bra. 

*week 2 - day 2* 

I was excited. I quickly showered and dressed. All the usual makeup was applied, and I put on my favorite perfume. As much as I wanted to ensure she smelled it, I had to ensure I didn't smell like a whore all day at work. I grabbed my things and was about to walk out of the house when my phone beeped. I locked the door on my way out and took my phone from my purse. Melissa sent me a text message. 

'When you see me sitting, stand in front of me and no matter what happens, don't turn around. <3" 

My heart jumped! What was this little devil up to, I wondered? I smiled the entire way to the bus stop and it approached just as I arrived. I was ready for whatever she planned. I looked around and spotted her in a seat at the rear of the bus. She wasn't looking at me, having her nose stuck in her book like she did last week. I did as she asked and attempted to nonchalantly move through the people to my destination. As I moved, I realized she did not specify how I was to stand. It would have been obvious if I stood there facing her and probably would have looked like I was one of those people who intentionally didn't observe personal space. When I reached her, I didn't pause. I turned around and grabbed a handhold. 

My senses were heightened. I was waiting for any sound or touch. It seemed like forever until the bus hit a small bump and I dropped my guard. It was only a second until I realized something dropped behind me. I didn't fully recover from the distraction before I felt a hand on my ankle. I instinctively tensed up at the touch but remembered that she clearly had a plan. Her hand slowly felt its way up my leg, traveling like a skier on a steep slope going side to side. She focused on my calf then proceeded to move to the sensitive area behind my knees. 

I could have collapsed under her touch, but I stood my ground as she continued her exploration. Her hand passed the back of my knee and maneuvered to the inside of my thigh. I felt myself start to tremble under the command of her fingers. She was the teacher and I was being taught. I've not felt a touch like this in my life. It's true that women are more attentive to the sensations of another woman. She stopped for a second before placing her entire hand print at the top of my thigh. My skirt was riding high in the back and I looked to see if anyone was noticing, but they were all involved in their phones, books, or staring straight ahead. 

To steady myself, I used my other hand and took hold of a pole and opened my legs slightly, giving her permission to touch me further. Her pause continued longer than I could stand. She was driving me crazy. I was about to turn and look at her before I felt her hand move higher to the winner's circle. I froze instantly. A woman has never touched me in this manner before. I wanted more and hoped she would continue her present course. Instead, she gently moved her hand inward until the tip of her finger just grazed my clit. She circled it just once and retreated. I internally whimpered for more and could feel my juices start to flow. 

She kept moving her hand back and forth like a knife cutting through the tough outer shell to release the succulent juices inside, and that she did. For her efforts, she was rewarded with a mess of a hand. It was then I felt her begin to travel back the same way she came, leaving a trail of my juices on my inner thigh. She restored herself back to the position I first observed her as if nothing at all had happened. 

I was oblivious to the fact that the bus was approaching her stop as she gathered her things. She stood and moved in close to me, put her hand on my hip and whispered in my ear, 'I'll enjoy your... perfume all day. Thank you. Tomorrow, you will receive the same gift.' I stared blankly straight ahead as she moved passed me and got off the bus. I didn't know what she meant, unless she intended for me to perform the same action on her as she did on me. I didn't know if I was ready for that just yet. 

*back to the present moment* 

"What do you think, so far, Gina? I'll tell you..." I stopped as I stepped out of story mode and looked at Gina. She had one leg draped over the front edge of the couch and the other stretched out the opposite direction, bent at the knee with her foot brought in as if stretching. Her hand was inside her pajama bottoms, making tiny circles. She often wore pajamas when coming over for TV and wine as she would stay over some nights if she drank too much. 

Her eyes were closed, and I stopped to watch intrigued with the show being played out before me. I was tempted to join her. I was tempted to HELP her. Before I could decide what to do, she snapped out of her dream state, jerked her hands out of her pants, and her eyes flew open wide. 

"I'm so sorry, Christy! Your story this afternoon started my engine and then it got better as soon as it started and I couldn't help it..." She rattled off quickly, bowing her head. 

I smiled softly at her and went for the hand that was inside her pajamas. I don't know what I was thinking but I took her hand in both of mine as she watched. I brought it close to my face and took two fingers in my mouth. I sucked on them for just a moment and released her hand to see where Gina was at with everything that is happening. 

"Christy, I have a confession." She stated, a tear forming in her eye. "We've been friends for a long time; longer than I can remember. Not long ago, though, shortly after my husband left me, feelings I didn't understand began emerging within me and I stuffed them deep down inside me thinking it was misplaced anger or loneliness. Once you began telling me your story this afternoon, it all came flooding back to me. I went home and cried most of the afternoon." 

She sniffled a little and continued. "It's not that I'm in love with you. I do love you, but I just want to be closer to you than I ever have before. I'm so sorry, I got caught up in the moment. Do you want me to leave?" She squeaked out, tears flowing from her eyes. 

I gently touched her face, turning it to face mine. "Why would I want you to leave? You're my very best friend and your feelings are valid and important! I can't compare mine with yours, but perhaps together we can search through them and we can both figure out where we're going. Besides, I've been recently thrust into such feelings, thanks to Dumbo up here!" I smiled, pointing to my brain trying to make light of the situation. She sniffled and smiled at me, wiping her tears from her eyes. 

"Where do we go from here? I feel like a giant weight is off my shoulders and now I feel like I'm wandering through a forest blind folded." She said. 

"Well, for one, I think I should continue my story. Why don't you get a little more comfortable and I'll give you the abridged version of what happen the rest of the week and we'll see what happens?" I said, sliding down to the floor and moving in front of her. "Does that sound like a plan?" 

I felt bold. I was empowered and I was going to run this show. 

"What are you doing?" She questioned me. 

I reached out to her, putting my hands on both hips, sliding them into the waistband of her pajamas. 

"When I start to pull these down, you're going to remove your top at the same time, ok?" I reassured her. 

She nodded, clearly as uncertain about everything we were doing as I was. I began to pull her pajama bottoms down and she instinctively raised her butt to make it easier for me. Shortly after I started, she was unbuttoning her pajama top. She didn't remove it right away as I did her bottoms. I sensed she was a little uneasy about what was happening, though she did let me completely remove her bottoms, leaving her naked as the day she was born from the waist down. As I was about to reassure her, I couldn't help but notice she was clean shaved. I reached my hand out and touched her and she was beautifully smooth. 

She shook beneath me and I looked her in the eye and nodded. "It's ok, Gina. This is a safe place and you're my best friend. I love you." 

Her smile broadened and she nodded at me, continuing to remove the remainder of her clothes. 

"Lay back and I'll begin." I said. 

She rested against the back of the couch, and I leaned in closer. "I spent the rest of that day smelling whiffs of perfume and my sex. It was an intoxicating blend." I said, beginning to gently run two fingers across her clit. She closed her eyes and exhaled. 

"So, the next day, absent of any instructions, I boarded the bus and she was not on it at my stop." I said, looking at her vagina. I wanted to lick her, to suck her clit into my mouth, but I had a story to tell. "I waited for her stop and watched as she boarded. The bus was full that day, before I even got on so, she stood next to me. A little while after we left her stop, she put her arm around my waist and stuffed something into my jacket pocket and held her hand there. 'This is for you. I hope you enjoy it.' She told me." 

I moved my fingers down to Gina's opening and rubbed her slightly, getting my fingers wet before inserting them inside her slowly. She quickly gasped and looked down. I looked up into her eyes as I continued the story of my interactions with Melissa. 

"I didn't look what she put in my pocket until I got to work and used the ladies room. Inside the stall, I pulled it out and it was a bag with a note and a pair of panties. I read the note: 'Christy, I bought these special for you and wore them last Saturday night.' I couldn't believe it. Without thinking, I snatched the panties out of the bag and brought them to my nose. It was an intoxicating mixture of her perfume and her scent. I spent longer than I should have in there smelling her panties," I said, getting visibly excited as I pushed and pulled my fingers in and out of Gina. 

Meanwhile, I had gotten on my knees and my other hand found its way into my own panties. I paused a moment and reflected on the fact that I was now engaged in my first ever girl-on-girl experience and I was enjoying it. I was going to make us both cum. 

"I kept the panties in my pocket all day and would smell them whenever I could. It was very distracting." 

"Did you want to do to her what you're doing to me now?" Gina breathed out. 

"She committed me to that idea with all those text messages she sent." I replied, continuing to finger her while using my thumb to rub over her clit in the same motion. "Do you remember the audio message? The one where you could hear her long, loud orgasm?" I teased. 

"Play it for me!" 

I was expecting that request, but I was happy to oblige since I nearly forgot it was there. I removed my hand from between my legs and grabbed my phone. I found the audio and turned up the volume. The clip was about 30 seconds long and I had an idea. I was already neck deep involved here, I might as well dive in. 

I pressed play and Melissa's orgasm filled the room. At the same moment, I went in and assaulted her clit with my tongue. I've never done it before, but I knew how I liked it, so I tried to emulate what I liked, and was immediately rewarded. She raised up, moving her hands from her own breasts to the back of my head and moaned... loudly. Her legs began to shake as I quickened up my penetration of her. 
