 Leila bit her lip as she stepped into the elevator, nudging her purse onto her shoulder. God, these heels are killing me. The Louboutins had come out of their hiding spot in her closet; she'd spent the last of her severance pay - that is, the part that didn't go to student loans - on them. They were her good luck charm. Or at least that's what she told herself.

"Fifteen, please." She nodded at the young man in a standard suit in the elevator.

She couldn't breathe particularly well, either. She'd chosen the red sheath dress that she normally saved for weddings where she didn't have a date and wanted to get laid. Hopefully, this company would lay her - preferably with six figures, eventually. The elevator doors were just sliding closed when -

"Wait!"

An impeccably manicured hand slid between the doors. They glided back open. And there stood the most beautiful woman Leila had ever seen in her life. She was tall, and svelte. Her hair cascaded down to her shoulders in brown curls that glinted in the light. She had high cheekbones and lips that actually pouted. Leila looked away quickly, then back again. Did the woman just knowingly smirk at her? No, she was making things up. Her heart was pounding just being so close to somebody so beautiful.

"Fifteen, please," the woman said to the young man, who obliged happily. She took her position in between Leila and the man and up they went. The smell of coconut drifted into Leila's radius. It's just unfair, she thought. She can't be that good-looking and smell so good. It's just not fair. 

A cheerful ping announced they had arrived at floor fifteen. Leila let the woman step out of the elevator first - although if she was being completely honest, it might just have been to watch her round ass as she walked away. Stop it, she thought to herself, you're objectifying this lovely woman! But she couldn't stop thinking about how she would love to slide her hands up under that dress and grip, firmly, her hands exploring as she moved against...

"Hi, Leila?"

Leila snapped out of her fantasy. She could feel the blood rising in her cheeks as she briefly wondered if it was possible anybody could actually read minds. A perky blonde girl with thin wire framed glasses and her hair in ringlets was holding the door open for her.

"Yes, that's me!" Leila exclaimed.

The blonde girl extended her hand.

"Hi, I'm Madison. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Likewise."

"Well, welcome to Headspace headquarters. As you can see, we're a small but intimate office."

She gestured to the building - it looked big enough to Leila. She could count at least three private offices and couches and tables scattered throughout the space, magazines and fabric swatches left lying on tables. "It's a fairly laid back space, but we always put on appearances when an interview comes in. But don't tell anybody I said that."

Madison led Leila over to a particularly well lit, fashionable couch area.

"You can wait here. Ms. Hernandez is in a meeting for another fifteen minutes, I'll let her know that you're here. She'll appreciate that you're punctual, she likes that. Do you need anything? Any water or...?" Madison trailed off.

"Actually, do you have a bathroom I could use?" asked Leila.

"Sure, it's just down that hallway." She gestured towards the end and Leila was off, practically running. She felt a bit nauseous, the way she always did before interviews, but it was somehow worse this time. Had that woman in the elevator really thrown her off that much? This was so unlike her. Usually Leila was very confident in her conquests, no matter what gender, and there were plenty of each. But when she closed her eyes she could smell the coconut...

She splashed some water on her face and stared herself down in the mirror. Cool down. 

Yeah, that's it. She leaned against the corner of the sink to examine her makeup. Mascara, check. Eyeliner was good. Maybe some concealer? She leaned forward to look at her chin, and let out a little involuntary gasp as the sink hit that spot.

"Oh," she sighed. Just a little bit. Just to take her mind off that woman. She put an arm up against the mirror, watching herself as she rubbed on the corner of the sink. Leila had always thought she had a particularly good O-face, all fluttery eyelids and flushed cheeks. Her hair was beginning to come out of the tight bun in little wisps, a good look for her. Her teeth poked out from underneath her top lip.

"Ah..." Leila fought the urge to pull up her dress and indulge fully. Just a little bit longer with the sink, she told herself. "Mmm..."

Suddenly, the door creaked open and Leila practically jumped away from the sink. A woman Leila hadn't seen before entered and gave her a brief smile. There was nothing knowing to her gaze. She either didn't know what Leila had been doing, or she was too polite to imply. Leila quickly gathered her things and rushed back to the couch area. She tried to busy herself looking at the issues of the Headspace corporate magazines around her. Now this was a place she'd wanted to work - well, forever.

They were the leaders in innovative fashion, meaning that they did it all, and they did it sustainably. They made clothes, they made magazines, they did fashion shows, they found models, and they worked for many, many bigger brands doing quiet behind the scenes work that the bigger companies got to take credit for. But Headspace took home the paycheck. When Leila saw there was a listing for a creative concept developer on the company website - well, that was that. She had poured her heart and soul into that cover letter, and here she was. About to interview with Rosia Hernandez herself, the elusive queen of the fashion industry. She almost never appeared at public events, and when she did, she did it veiled; it was her trademark. Some said she just didn't want the fame, some said it was a botched plastic surgery job, and others said she was actually a man. There were many theories, all unproven.

"Leila Nguyen?" Madison called, snapping Leila out of her fantasy. "Ms. Hernandez will see you now."

Leila stood up, straightened her dress, and entered the lion's den. Once she got inside, she stopped dead in her tracks. There she was. The woman from the elevator. But how? Leila hadn't even seen her walk inside! She had to fight her mouth - it wanted to fall open.

Rosia Hernandez, for her part, hadn't even looked up from her desk, where she was scribbling on a tablet.

"Please," she said, "take a seat."

Her voice was low and husky. Leila took a seat in the chair in front of the desk.

Jesus Christ. It's so unfair. 

"Leila. Leila...remind me of your last name?"

"Nguyen."

"What is that? Thai?"

"Vietnamese, actually. I'm only half, though. My dad."

"I see." She looked up from her tablet and peered at Leila. "Yes, I see. You have excellent bone structure. Nice round eyes, thick lashes. But I'm afraid we're not scouting for models at the moment."

"Oh, no...I'm not a model," said Leila as she released a nervous chuckle. "I'm actually here for the creative content development position."

"Oh! Forgive me. You see so many beautiful girls, you know, you just assume they're here to model. Yes, creative content development. I reviewed your portfolio, and I have to say it's very impressive work. You have a real eye for the little details that draw an ensemble together."

Rosia stood up and crossed to the front side of the desk. She was close to Leila now. Her décolletage was very close to Leila's face, and it took all her effort to keep her eyes on Ms. Hernandez's face.

"You know, Leila, as far as I'm concerned you've got the job already. But I'm afraid I can't hire you."

What? 

"Wh...Why?" Leila sputtered. "Ms. Hernandez," she said as she stood, "with all due respect, I am a top candidate for this job and I really want it. You aren't going to find someone better than me, I guarantee you."

Rosia sighed. "I know...and that's exactly the problem." She crossed to where Leila stood. She was close. So close. The smell of coconut filled Leila's nostrils. Rosia reached out and grabbed one of Leila's undone wisps of hair, twirling it around her finger. "I'm afraid...it would be a conflict of interest."

Leila could feel all the breath go out of her body. Was this woman, this unearthly woman, really hitting on her? Was this really going to happen? But could it happen? If it did, how would it affect the job? Did she care?

"What if..." Leila whispered. Her eyes flickered up to Rosia's. They were so dark and soulful. Her lips...her lips in that pout. It was like they were begging, just begging for the tip of Leila's tongue...

"What if I'm interested too?"

Rosia Hernandez smirked.

"It's unprofessional."

"I know. But it could just be...you know, it could just be this one time. And after that, we forget it. We go back to being professionals. You haven't hired me yet, so it can't be counted as sexual harassment. I just...I have to know..."

Their chests were touching now, hands hovering just above the other's hips, the heat radiating through them, the sheer desire.

"Well, when you put it like that..."

Rosia closed the distance between their lips. It was unlike anything Leila had ever experienced. Her lips were angelically soft. Leila let her hands rest on Rosia's hips before they started to move, up to the curve of her waist, then down to the firm muscles of her ass. Leila couldn't help but dig her finger nails in. Rosia gasped with pleasure, her mouth still pressed against Leila's. Leila used the opportunity to run her tongue along Rosia's top lip. Rosia moaned, and let Leila's tongue into her mouth. Their tongues swirled together and Rosia's hands made their way up to the small of Leila's neck. She grabbed Leila with a sudden urgency, pulling her head back, forcing their lips to part. It was forceful, but not painful. Leila grinned at Rosia and pulled her hair out of its updo. Rosia watched with satisfaction as it tumbled down.

"God," she said, "you're so beautiful," and pushed Leila back against the wall. Leila closed her eyes and prepared for another incoming kiss, but she felt the cool of Rosia's mouth on her neck instead. She took Leila's tender skin in between her teeth and pulled. She made her way down Leila's neck to her sternum, kissing, sucking, biting. Leila let out sighs of pleasure. Out of all of her partners, this was different. Rosia kissed down Leila's chest and made it to where the fabric of her red sheath dress covered her breasts. Rosia looked up at Leila as if to ask permission, but there was also a hint of challenge in her eyes, as if to ask Are you game?

"In your office?"

"There aren't any windows."

Leila gestured to the windows that overlooked the city.

"Not into the office. Besides, it's the fifteenth floor. Nobody's going to see us. And they certainly aren't going to hear us. I had it soundproofed." Rosia grinned. Leila cocked an eyebrow. "So they can't hear what deals I'm making, not so I can do this." The stunning brunette rolled her eyes. "You," she said, moving her head back to Leila's exposed, heaving flesh and giving it a long, suckling kiss, "are." Kiss. "the." Kiss. "First." Kiss. "Interview." Kiss. "To ever get this exclusive pleasure." She moved the fabric of the sheath dress aside, exposing Leila's breast, her nipples erect.

"No bra?" she teased. "They're not big enough," answered Leila.

"No," said Rosia, "they're perfect."

She licked in between Leila's breasts, then moved her attention to the exposed flesh. She started on the outside, moving inwards slowly, kissing, sucking, biting. Leila's nipple seemed to grow harder by the second, screaming for the contact of Rosia's tongue. And there it was. Rosia licked under the nipple, slowly, teasing, watching Leila squirm. She took it between her teeth, gingerly, and pulled.

"Fuck," Leila breathed.

Rosia smiled and pulled with her teeth again. She close her lips over Leila's areola, and slid her tongue over her nipple, up and down, pulling all the while. She pulled down the other part of Leila's dress and did the same to her other breast while fondling Leila's nipple in her fingers. She finished with the second nipple and kissed her way back up to Leila's mouth, where Leila met her with an open mouth.

"That," she said between kisses, "was fucking amazing."

Leila was seized with a sudden desire to watch Rosia shudder underneath her.

"Your turn," she breathed. She grabbed Rosia by her waist, and pulled her close, eliminating any distance between their bodies. She began to kiss Rosia's exposed flesh, grinding against her. She felt Rosia's hands in her hair, and they made their way to the zipper of her dress. She slipped it off her shoulders and left it in a pile on the floor. Frenzied, she fumbled to unhook Rosia's dress. Rosia found her hands and guided her. Leila stepped out of the Louboutins and Rosia out of her Manolo Blahniks. They were closer in height this way - Leila standing there only in her lace black underwear, Rosia in a matching burgundy set that definitely hadn't come from Victoria's Secret. All Leila could think about was how badly she wanted to take them off.

She practically attacked Rosia, pushing her down to the floor. She straddled Rosia and smothered the smooth skin of her neck in the same long, suckling kisses that Rosia had given her. She felt Rosia squirm under her and moved her hips against Rosia's, feeling her wetness through her beautiful, expensive underwear. Leila sat back and beckoned for Rosia, who met her enthusiastically. Leila moved her hands to Rosia's bra and unhooked it. She pressed her own breasts agains Rosia's. They were exquisite. She moved her hands down them, squeezing the soft flesh. She moved one hand to Rosia's neck, tightening her grasp just enough. She pushed Rosia down, and began to kiss down her naked breasts. She licked Rosia's breast, and looked up at her. Rosia looked at Leila as she took the hard stub of Rosia's nipple in her mouth and began to suck. Leila smirked at her. She felt the involuntary jerk of Rosia's hips as she used her teeth to apply light pressure to the nipple."Oh my god," Rosia moaned. Leila kissed her way over to the other breast and repeated her motion. She tested the waters, her hand creeping further down Rosia's stomach. She brushed past the belly button lightly, nipple still in her mouth. Closer, and closer. Suddenly, Rosia grabbed her hand.

"Wait."

She got up, and Leila got the opportunity to watch her toned back muscles move and of course, the way her hips swung as she walked to the door and locked it. She turned back around to face Leila, and Leila was once again reminded why she had been so awestruck. This woman was perfect. And Leila wanted to make her do dirty, dirty things.

Rosia came back to Leila, and Leila quickly rolled back on top of her, her fingers resuming their exploration. She watched Rosia's face tense with anticipation as she slipped her hand under the satin panties.