 Chapter 01: The First Week 

*At lunch with my friend, Saturday afternoon* 

"You've been pretty happy lately." Gina commented bluntly. There's no way she knows, but she I'm bursting at the seams to tell her. 

"What do you mean?" I ask without alerting her that she may be on to something, "I consider myself fairly happy more often than not." 

The waitress comes up to take our drink orders, pointing to the list of sodas, juices, wines and mixed drinks available from the bar. 

"I'll have the Rose Moscato!" I said a little too quickly. I would probably need a little help to tell this story. I might have given something away, though. 

We were in the corner of patio area, facing each other. There are enough passersby that those stationary around us would not pick up on what I'm saying unless they were trying to. If that was the case, then by all means - listen. 

Even still, I motioned her to move closer to me so that we would be facing the street, our voices projecting that way. The waitress would still have room to serve us as we... people watch. I sense her curiosity rising and I lean over closer to her ear. 

"I'm going to tell you exactly why I'm happier than normal." I clearly state with no ambiguity in my tone. "It started on the 613 route I take from home to work." 

*day 1* 

I didn't have a usual seat on the bus, I just sat wherever was more open. I didn't like crowded spaces, but I enjoyed saving money not making a car or gas payment. I had been riding this route for quite a while, as you know, so nothing really seemed out of place. I was only one of a few regular bus riders so I never really payed attention to anyone, particularly any new people. That particular day, though, I did notice someone. 

"YOU'RE FUCKING SOMEONE!" She abruptly said, interrupting my story. 

"SHHHH! If you're going to interrupt, could you not be so loud?!" I demanded. "You'll have less questions when I'm done with the story. Now if I may continue?" 

She was a young brunette sitting at the rear of the bus on the opposing side. (Looking at Gina, I happily acknowledged her wide-eyed 'OMG' stare). She had to be in her late 20's, I thought to myself when I noticed her. Her hair was up, and she was wearing jeans, a shirt with frilly sleeve ends and tennis shoes. She had on light colored glasses on and I could tell they were likely only necessary for reading since they didn't thick from my perspective. 

She had her legs crossed, reading a book she was holding upright on her knee. She didn't notice me the first glance, but the second time I looked, we met eyes for a split second. Now, at that moment I was confused as to why I looked again but the word that kept going through my head was 'beautiful.' Gina, she was what men would call 'eye candy.' I've never had much interest of other women outside of some envy over a woman's feature that I wished I had. Outside of that, the thought of admiring a woman simply because she was beautiful never crossed my mind, consciously or otherwise. 

I resisted looking again but couldn't help it. This time, she had a small smile on her face and her stare seemed to linger on longer than usual. I tell you, I instantly time warped back to my awkward teenage years and became that shy little girl when a boy said something nice to me. There I was in my business attire, trying to get to work and this girl was snatching my attention. I don't consider myself necessarily old and while I don't think I'm old enough to be her mother, I would have guessed if she was looking for a partner of the female type, she would have searched more around her age group. 

I spent the rest of my time on the bus considering why she was smiling at me and why I found her particularly appealing, especially considering I was not nor have ever been on the prowl for a female lover. Regardless, the bus stopped as the station before mine and she left. Watched her pack her stuff up, toss her backpack over her shoulder and exit the door at the rear of the bus. She never stopped to look at me again so I thought I was making the whole thing up in my head, but the next day told me a different story. 

*day 2* 

The thought of her was pretty much out of my mind by the time I got out of bed. I got in the shower and the rest of my morning went on as it always had. Everyone was gone already, and I locked up the house and proceeded towards the bus stop. That's when her face popped back up in my head. I didn't know what to expect from today's bus ride, if she would even be there again. I had not noted her as a regular before today. 

Sure enough, I caught myself watching everyone who got on at every stop. Now, you know I work a good ten miles from home so there are quite a bit of stops on the way. Well, there she was. I noted the stop we were at and brazenly watched as she got on the bus, looking for a seat to take. I wasn't in the spot I was in the day before, but I saw her look over that way and then again to somewhere else looking for a place to sit. I must have been staring at her because as soon as she sat, she scanned the people on the bus and her eyes locked on mine when she saw me. We stared at each other for what seemed like an hour before she smiled and reached into her backpack for her book. 

She was now beginning to pre-occupy my thoughts. If I also had a book, I would not have been able to read it. Instead I had a conversation with myself to try and figure out what was happening. Did I just admire her beauty? Did I want her? If so, why? Was I having a dry spell? No, my husband is happy to provide for me in that department. Is this my midlife crisis... is SHE my midlife crisis? The biggest question I had for myself is am I misreading everything that's happening? 

This conversation went on and on in my head when I was suddenly brought out of my dream world by a tap on the shoulder. It seems the bus stopped at my stop and one of the regulars pointed to the digital sign in the bus and told me the driver was about to close the doors. I thanked them immediately and quickly departed the bus. I was sad I didn't see her leave. That sounds bad, I know. It's not as if I wanted to watch her butt as she walked away, I just wanted to observe her more and see if I was reading this right. 

She was on my mind all day that day and my worked showed it. I tried to snap out of it, but her face just sat in my mind. She smiled at me all day in my head, shifting her eyes carefully about. I finally just gave up and let her take control of me. I smiled at her back and followed where her eyes went. It was like I was in love. 

"Thank you!" I said cheerfully as the waitress brought our drinks out. 

"Your server will be out shortly to take your meal order." She said. 

*day 3* 

I left that morning the same as I had, only this time I was determined. I was going to decide about what I was seeing and go with it or leave it alone. I wasn't going to let her torture me any longer, though I must admit, it was making my life anything but mundane as I felt it had been lately. I did the same thing as I had prior. I got on and sat in a place where I could see most of the bus, or at least make her walk past me to get to a seat. 

The stop came, and she was there, waiting. My heart skipped a beat and I could feel the adrenaline flow through me. She did the same as she had done the day before, except this time, she walked past me. Sunflower. I smelled it, she wore sunflower perfume and it entranced me. That wasn't my sign, though. I lazily sat back in my chair with my bag on knees and casually scanned the crowd watching her from time to time. She didn't pay particular attention to me and her nose was stuck in the book she was reading. I was a little disappointed but still waited for my sign. 

Nearing her stop, I noted she paid attention to where the bus was and when her stop was to be next, she closed her book as if she had just remembered something. You know, the light came on over her head and she quickly jostled around in her backpack. She drew out a pen and a sheet of paper and began scribbling. She soon put the pen back in her bag and folded the sheet of paper. I realize now that it had just dawned on her how she can reach me. 

"Why do you say that?" Gina asked, having turned even more towards me hanging on every word I said. 

When the bus stopped, she got up, put her backpack on her shoulder and looked at me. I returned her look and held it as she walked closer to me. She put her arm down as she passed me and motioned the folded paper to me as she continued walking. This was it, I thought, this is where she tells me to stop being a creeper and stop staring at her. I was wrong. The note said 'You're reading it right. I hope you like my perfume today.' 

Gina, I about died right there. It's like she knew she was dancing in my head all day. She could have said 'liked' as in, I won't smell it again and think of her. But she said like, knowing full well I think of her when I'm not on this bus. I didn't know where this was headed, but I was onboard for the ride. I think I committed myself to being with her, in bed, if that was where this was headed. Needless to say, she danced heavenly numbers in my head for the rest of the day. 

That night, my husband noted a change in my mood. I know, I was at a crossroads here. Did I tell him and make it an adventure for me or keep it to myself and call it an affair? Once upon a time he told me it was a fantasy for him to see two women together. He never said me and another woman, though. So, it was a tough road. I certainly wasn't going to tell him at the dinner table. I decided to wait until bed. 

I'll leave the details out, but in the end, he was as interested as I was and genuinely for my sake. See, he's slowed down a bit lately but when his fire is lit, it's an inferno so he understands where I'm at with this new adventure. I tell him each night what happened that day and she enjoys the story. I think mostly because it's not some text posted on a website. He's hearing it from my voice which tantalizes him even more. 

*day 4* 

The next day I was a nervous wreck. I woke up and did all the things I normally do, except I spent a little more time in the primping department. First my time in the shower was a tad longer as I shaved some areas I had previously neglected. I don't know what my mind was anticipating that morning, but whatever it was, I was going to be prepared. Then I pulled out my perfumes to see which I thought would grab her attention. I picked a light lavender that morning. I stared at the mirror and re-did my hair probably a dozen times. I decided to leave it down, but I ran a flat iron through it to give it some shine. 

I made my way to the bus stop and patiently waited. This morning was different. Instead of getting on the bus and waiting for the bus to get to her, she came to me. She was already on the bus when I stepped on. I was not prepared for this turn of events! Where do I sit? Do I say something to her? Well, it turns out that there was nowhere to sit this morning. She was seated next to the door at the front of the bus. For the first time in my life, I took a bold step and stood next to her, holding one of the hand-holds dangling from the top of the bus. 

My mind was racing, Gina. I think I knew what I wanted her to do, but I could not say a word to her. I did look down from time to time to see what she was doing and I noticed she kept shuffling about in her seat. I didn't know exactly why, but I had more time to find out today. Also, since I had more time and I was already feeling bold, I decided to see how I can move whatever this is forward a bit. Maybe exchange words finally or something. How was I to move this forward when fate took the next step for me. The bus turned unexpectedly and since I wasn't sitting, my body shifted a little more than I compensated for. 

I overcompensated once I realized I had to adjust and found myself leaning, or perhaps even falling towards her and in quick thought I found my angle. I allowed myself to get closer and braced myself on the window behind her, allowing her to smell my perfume. I whimpered out a meek 'Excuse me' and stood back up. I looked back down at her and saw that she was smiling. The next thing I knew, it was her stop. The bus slowed and she began to gather her things and herself. When it stopped, quite a bit of people began shifting around trying to either depart the bus or move so others could. She stood up right next to me and placed her hand in the small of my back. She turned to me and whispered 'Thank you.' 

I melted at the sound of her voice. She was truly a Siren. I knew tomorrow I had to up the game. 

*day 5* 

The last day of that week, I made sure that I was ready to see her again. Oh, whatever fate wants to deal me today, I'm ready for. What I was not ready for was the weekend without contact. I suddenly realized that while we were not exchanging conversation, maybe she will take my number and text me. I tell you, I spent a long time writing down the ten digits. What if she hated how I wrote my nine's. Did I put a little heart at the bottom of the question mark? Again, I felt like a nervous teenager. She took notice of me without knowing these things, and if she's going to walk away because of how a number is written then by all means, have at it. 

I decided today I was going to be a little bolder and throw the ball back in her court. 

I was happy, once again to see her on the bus before me. The bus was crowded again so I resumed the same spot in front of her, despite there being a couple open seats. I had the piece of paper I wrote my number on in my hand but had not yet decided how I would give it to her. I was going to put it in her backpack, but she didn't have one with her today. I don't know if that was planned or not, but I had to come up with something else. With my decision to be bolder, I looked in that direction for an answer. 

My face lit up when I realized what I needed to do. I waited for my moment. 

The bus turned a corner and I knew her stop was next. I studied her movements as she prepared to leave when I she turned and looked me in the eyes. We both smiled and that was my moment. I reached forward and took hold of her hand, passing to her the small note. She looked down at our joined hands and my thumb took a mind of its own. I gently moved my thumb across her skin and it was as if an actual fire started within me. I looked at her face and noticed an obvious blush. The game was set, and the timer was ticking. 

I simply waited for her to text me. 

"Gina, I'll tell you..." I started watching her. Her demeanor had changed, and I realized what was going on. I think Gina was getting turned on. "I had to wait until late Saturday evening to hear from her when she finally sent me a text." 

Right as Gina was asking me what the text read, the server showed up asking what we would like to order for our meals. We had both gotten so engrossed in what I was telling her that we forgot to look at the menu. We ordered quickly and waited for the server to walk away. 

"The text said 'I missed you today.'" I whispered right in Gina's ear.