 Melissa and Gina Meet in Person

It turns out that Melissa had no additional plans for the evening. We spent a long time in the shower, soaping each other, kissing, talking and that sort of thing. She said that while seeing Gina was a special surprise this evening, she couldn't wait to meet her tomorrow. I admitted I was also looking forward to the three of us being together in person. When I thought about it, my mind when in a million different directions about where that meeting would take us.

After the shower, we went to bed. We laid side by side, looking at each other. We smiled and kissed and smiled some more before I saw her eyes close and he body slacken as she fell into a deep, tired sleep. I watched her breathing shallow and develop a more rhythmic pattern. I spent a lot of time observing the natural beauty of her face. I gently touched her arm and ran my fingers down a little until I reached the bed sheets. I pulled them down a little, exposing her breasts to me again.

She was so beautiful laying there. I slid my hands between my legs and rubbed slowly as I watched her. It was late, otherwise I might have woken her soon. I was drunk on her pussy and I wanted more. I masturbated until I finally came what seemed an eternity later. I pulled the sheets over both of us, kissed her gently again, and fell asleep.

** Sunday - December 9, 2018 **

I woke the next morning as Melissa straddled her naked body over mine and leaned over, wrapping her arms around me in a tight embrace. 

"Wake up, love!" she said in a tone louder than I would have hoped for.

I opened my eyes and she was there on top of me, her breasts hanging slightly above mine before she pulled herself close to me. Her face was nuzzled in the crook of my neck. 

"I'm so glad you stayed with me tonight," she whispered in my ear, "Would you like some breakfast?"

I returned her embrace, kissed her ear lob gently, and whispered "I sure do."

I reach down and placed my hands on her ass, pulling her up to my face. She knew what I wanted for breakfast and hopped up until her pussy was just above my mouth. 

"I've unlocked the beast within you!" she said, giggling as she lowered herself down onto my tongue.

I didn't say a word. My tongue danced around her clit as my fingers began to find their way to her ass. Melissa leaned forward and grasped the headboard with both hands, like she was preparing for a wild ride. My tongue moved up and down her slit, pressing into her vagina then returning its exploration as I penetrated her ass with my finger. I moved it gently in and out as I sucked her clit into my mouth, hoping to make her cum.

"Push your finger in more!" she breathed out.

I did as she asked. Slowly but surely, I moved my finger in deeper as I continued sucking her clit. Past the first knuckle and onto the second, she let out long, guttural moans. I pulled my finger out and pushed it back in, going further in than before. Her legs tightened up and her asshole clenched my finger as her orgasm began to overtake her. The headboard shook as she began to convulse. 

"Cum on my face, love, cum all over it." I begged her.

She lost control of herself and sank down onto my face, suffocating me for a moment before her orgasm subsided. She moved down my body slightly as she continued to catch her breath. 

"Now that I've had my breakfast, it's time for me to make yours!" I said without giving her an opportunity to take me. 

I didn't bother to put any clothes on as I made my way to the kitchen to see what food was available and where the cooking utensils were. Before long, I had what I needed and began to make fried eggs, bacon, and toast. I didn't like bacon much, but the smell is akin to the smell of impending spring rain to me. It wasn't long before Melissa, also still nude, made her way to the kitchen table and sat.

"I love breakfast food," she said, "I could have it for any and every meal of the day."

I turned and smiled at her, announcing my agreement over the sound of oil crackling in the bacon pan.

"I love your butt, too!" she said in a giggle.

I shook my ass at her a little, laughing as well.

We sat naked at the table, talking about our adventure and the circumstances that brought us to that moment. She finished her food and stared lovingly at me for a while as I ate.

"Would you like more?" I asked.

"I want to eat, but not this." She said with a wink.

I smiled and collected the dishes. After putting them into the sink, I walked over to the table, exaggerating my hip movements. She pushed her chair back a little. I stood in front of her and sat on the table and leaned back with my legs draped over the edge. 

"I'll be your dessert," I said to her, looking at the ceiling.

She spread my legs and pulled her chair closer to the table. She used her tongue on my pussy in ways I didn't know. It was like she was writing a story and her tongue was the pen, my juices the ink. Slow, methodical, accurate. She brought me to the edge a dozen times before allowing the tsunami to finally take me. When it was over, I put my hand over my face and cried.

"Oh my god, that was the best I've ever had." I said, trying to contain my emotions. "How do you even know how to do this to me?" 

She stood over me and moved my hands from my face and kissed my forehead.

"I don't know. I just do what feels natural to me and hope it's good for you. It obviously was."

Her hands roamed my body as I recovered.

"I think it's time we shower and get ready to go meet Gina," she said.

I nodded and got off the table. We got into the shower and we made an event out of soaping each other up. I teased her by pinching her nipples as my hand drifted across her tits. She would take a little longer than usual applying body wash to my pussy, circling her finger around my clit. We agreed there was no time for shenanigans in the shower that morning.

We got out of the shower and I went to the room to get dressed while Melissa went to another, smaller room. I looked around and saw that there was no dresser in the room. I didn't want to be nosey, but I guessed that her dresser was in the small closet and she hung her clothes in another room. As I finished dressing, she came in.

"What do you think?" she asked.

She was wearing a nice matching skirt and top combination with flats. Her hair was brushed and kept down, and she had a nice amethyst necklace on.

"You look great, as always! My clothes got a little wrinkled before we picked them up off the floor, but they'll do." I said, posing a little.

She came up and wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me to her. She kissed me softly on my lips and said that I looked great. We both looked in the mirror one more time before heading out. I reached the door first before I had a thought.

"Hey, why don't you bring that strap-on with us? Never know what today will bring and I think we would rather have it and not need it than the other way around, yes?"

"I'm already ahead of you, sweetie. I tucked it into my bag here," she said, tapping the bag around her arm, "because I thought the same thing you did."

We walked out and got into my car.

On the way to the restaurant, Melissa seemed a little nervous.

"Are you ok?" I asked, hoping she wasn't having second thoughts about seeing Gina.

"I'm a bit anxious about meeting Gina."

"Why's that? I mean with the video chat we had, I think you would have been beyond that," I said, chuckling a bit.

"You would think so, but it's different when you see them standing in front of you. Especially when you've seen each other naked." 

I laughed and looked over at her. She had a smirk on her face, so it seemed while she may have been nervous, she still wanted to meet her and see where the day would go. I let her know the parking was coming up on the left and that is same side as the restaurant, so when she hopped out, she didn't look like a lost puppy standing around not knowing where she was going.

We got out and walked through the restaurant to the outside seating area. The waitress greeted us, but I already noticed Gina, so I told the waitress our friend was already here. She smiled at me handed me a menu. 

I smiled at the first thought I had, 'Won't need this dear, I know what I want to eat.'

I took both menus and walked over towards Gina. She was at the same table we had when I first began telling her about the bus rides. 

"There's Gina," I said, pointing, "She's at the same table where I first told her about our encounters on the bus."

"Ah, this is the place where you two started." She said, looking around.

"Yes, had we never had that conversation, she and I would probably never had started with each other and last night I would have likely been a nervous wreck."

"I'm glad you weren't, so, I guess I should thank Gina for that."

"She'll probably like that," I said, "Hi Gina! I think you know who this is?" I added, putting my hand on Melissa's lower back.

Gina dispensed with all the pleasantries and hugged Melissa immediately, kissing her cheek as she did. Melissa seemed to have lost her anxiety and returned the hug warmly. I was fairly certain I saw the hand of her distant arm grab Gina's ass, but maybe I was wrong. We all sat and looked over the menu when the waitress came to collect our drink orders.

"I'll have Moscato." I said

Melissa looked at Gina, waiting for her to say what she wanted.

"Oh. Ok, I'll have the Pinot Grigio."

Melissa looked over the drink selection and chose a dry Martini.

"I feel a little odd getting something other than wine." She said.

"No, you have what you like! Depending on how the day goes, I might just have a little of the harder stuff later." I said.

We spent the next hour enjoying our meals, and again discussing the different perspectives on how Melissa and I met, how that brought Gina and I together, etc. Gina was fixed on Melissa the whole time. I don't blame her. She heard my perspective already and not only was Melissa's perspective new, she was someone that, until now, or rather last night I suppose, she had only heard of. I listened to Melissa talk passionately about our adventures while watching Gina. It wasn't long until I noticed the same change in Gina that I saw when I was telling her my side of the story for the first time.

Her hands became fidgety and she shifted in her chair a lot. I leaned over and whispered in Melissa's ear.

"You're turning poor Gina on just like I did the first time I told her the story." I said, as my tongue found its way discretely to her ear lobe. She took a sharp breath.

"Don't look at me. Keep telling your story. She's going to get worked up enough and suggest we leave." I said, watching Gina carefully. One arm disappeared from the table.

"She's rubbing her pussy and whatever plans she thought she had, are now cancelled in her head. She wants to take you home have you for dessert, just like I was to you." I whispered before kissing her neck.

I continued watching Gina and Melissa told her story. Melissa, meanwhile, moved one of her hands to my leg and was creeping up my thighs with her fingers. I hoped Gina would get worked up enough and want to leave soon, or else there may have been a small orgy happening right there in front of everyone.

Sure enough, before Melissa even got to our little alley scene, Gina suggested we get the check.

"I'll get the check if you two want to head out and go somewhere else?" she asked.

"Sure, that would be great. I guess it'll be my turn next time!" I responded with a grin.

She got the check and went to the cashier while Melissa and I grabbed our things and met her out front. I hopped in the driver's seat and Melissa sat up front with me. Gina got in the back and I asked where everyone wanted to go.

"I didn't really have a plan after lunch. Maybe go to the Mall and see what there is to do?" Gina asked. 

I looked at Melissa and she nodded her approval of the plan. I drove off heading towards the mall. Before long, Gina whispered from the back.

"Melissa, keep going with the story." She said, her pants and panties draped around a single ankle, her legs opened wide and her hand working her clit.

Melissa turned around in her seat and resumed the story from where she left off. She occasionally provided encouragement for Gina to cum all over her fingers, but she was determined to hold off.

"Christina..." Gina said, "please just go to my place. I want to fuck Melissa so bad." 

I laughed out loud and said "Ok, I wouldn't mind watching that!"

Melissa began climbing into the back seat. 

"Well, if you're going to fuck me when we get there, I'm going to make sure you're satisfied before we do." She said, sitting next to Gina, replacing Gina's hand with her own.

"...and then I called to her as she walked past me standing in the alley. She stopped and looked around before finally turning to look at me. I motioned for her to come to me."

Every moment I got a chance to stop and witness what was going on in the back seat, I did. I wanted to teleport to Gina's house. Melissa has a way of turning my vagina into Niagara Falls with her antics and this was no different. 

"...I knelt in front of her, two fingers in her pussy and I was jack-hammering them in and out of her, when I slowed down and used my third finger to probe her asshole." Melissa said, pulling her fingers from Gina's pussy and showing her how she fucked me in the alley. She licked her fingers while staring into Gina's eyes, and re-inserted them where they were.

"Don't worry, love, I'll show you that part later." Melissa whispered to Gina, "I had her cumming on my fingers in seconds. She collapsed on top of me." 

I pulled into Gina's driveway just as she described my orgasm to Gina. I quickly threw the car into park so I could witness Gina's orgasm.

"Melissa... It's happening." Gina whimpered.

"Cum for me, love. Cum on my fingers so I can lick your juices off. Release the wave and ride it in, baby."

Gina began to convulse as her orgasm overtook her. When she finally rode it down, Melissa reached down and took hold of Gina's panties.

"This is my prize." She said, tucking them into her pocket. Gina didn't care, she was recovering from Melissa's masterful hands.

Melissa helped Gina regain her composure and with getting her pants back on. 

I got out of the car wondering how this would work tonight. It was obvious we were all worked up, but I'd never been in a threesome situation, so I didn't know what to do. It seemed maybe just do what comes natural, which was the case with my encounters with Melissa and Gina. I'll see what Melissa does and adapt from there.

Gina seemed to scurry in the house ahead of us. I showed Melissa in and we made our way to the living room and sat on the couch.

"Well, that car ride was not what I was expecting," Melissa said.

"I didn't even know what to expect once we got to the restaurant. Gina is a little fireball, so I half expected her to start something while we were eating!" I laughed.

"Well, I'm going to start something now." 

Melissa got up and had me sit at a certain spot on the couch. She flipped through her phone before putting some music on and setting her phone down on the coffee table. She walked around slowly, moving her hips a little more dramatic than usual. Before long, she began to unbutton her shirt slowly. She came closer to me, opening the shirt a little to reveal that she wasn't wearing a bra. I would not have guessed she wasn't wearing a bra, but she has nice, firm tits so it probably wasn't noticeable to anyone.

"Planning for some fun, I see." I said, grinning at her.

She smirked back at me before looking to the hall as Gina walked in. Melissa put her finger to her mouth and pointed at the seat next to me. Gina had a big smile on her face as she sat down. Just as she did, Melissa straddled Gina's leg, opened her shirt and pulled Gina's head into her chest. Gina wasted no time taking a nipple into her mouth, holding Melissa steady. Melissa took her shirt off and wrapped her arms around Gina's head.

I happily watched them enjoy each other and I hiked up my skirt a little and unbuttoned the top two buttons of my blouse. Melissa stepped back and removed her shirt before coming over to me. She grabbed my hands and put them on her tits, using her hands to move mine around them. I squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples, causing her to get goose bumps on her arm. She turned so that the zipper of her skirt was facing me and pointed at it while locking eyes with me. I reached over and unzipped the dress as she began to bend at the waist.

She turned so her butt was facing Gina and locked her thumbs into the loosened waistband of her skirt and pulled it down. Gina reached out and smacked her on one cheek and giggle.

"She has a nice ass, doesn't she?" I asked, looking at Gina.

Gina only nodded, mesmerized by what Melissa was doing in front of her. As she stared at Melissa, she began to remove the clothes she changed into. Melissa stepped out of her skirt and continued to dance to the music that was playing. Gina had her shirt off and pants down around a single ankle and I had my skirt at my waist and blouse open. I watched Gina rub her pussy as the stared at Melissa dancing around her living room. Gina was opened to a whole new world just as I was, and she was loving it.

Melissa came over and stood in the area between our outstretched legs. She held her hands out to her sides, motioning on each hand for us to lend her our hands. We both did and she brought them to her panties and we both knew what to do. We hooked our fingers into the elastic and pulled them down together. She stepped out of her panties to Gina's side, still holding her hand and letting mine go. Melissa leaned over and took two of Gina's fingers into her mouth and practically gave them a blowjob before moving them down to her pussy. 

Gina found Melissa's hole and got it wet before inserting both her fingers inside. She grabbed Gina's wrist to keep her hand steady as she raised up and lowered herself down. I inserted fingers into my own pussy as I watched the show. I still wondered how Melissa became so adept at the things she's done with no actual experience outside porn movies and perhaps some self-practice. Regardless, I continued fucking myself watching Melissa fuck Gina's fingers.

When she was done with Gina, Melissa took Gina's hand and moved it close to me. I leaned over and licked a single finger from bottom to top before taking both into my mouth and repeating the same experience she had from Melissa. As I was doing that, Melissa got onto her hands and knees between Gina's legs, removed Gina's hand and started to tongue her clit. After tasting Melissa's juices, I wanted more. I got on my back on the floor with my head between Melissa's legs and put my hands on her ass, pulling her down onto my face.

"Oh, God, I can't believe what I'm seeing." Gina gasped, "I've only seen this in the porn I've watch!"

"You and me both, Gina." I said, pausing my lapping at Melissa's pussy.

Melissa sat up completely and looked down at me.

"Do you think she would believe me if I told her I've also never done this?" she said, smiling at me.

"No. Fucking. Way." Gina said in disbelief.

"Yes. I told Christina yesterday that I was a virgin. That everything I had done to her were things I've seen online or done to myself." Melissa said, leaning back in.

After a few minutes, Melissa grabbed my head and pulling it into her pussy.

"I'm Cumming!" Melissa said loudly.

I went in hard on her and pulled her tighter to me. She used one of her hands and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled. It was as painful as it was fun knowing I had her trapped. She tried to make audible words, but all I heard were squeaks and moans as her orgasm traveled through her body. I continued my tongue dance even after she was finished, dipping it into her vagina to taste her juices. I think the sight alone is what pushed Gina over the edge.
