 Amy never considered herself pretty, but by the time she got to college it was obvious that she was very attractive. Of Korean descent, she had a trim figure with perky breasts, large round eyes, soft shapely lips, and long silky black hair. Above her lip was a tiny black mole. Her blossoming beauty was embarrassing to her. The attention from boys made her feel even more shy. But she hated being shy. She envied other girls who could talk so casually to the boys in her freshman dorm. One of those girls was Janie. Blonde, confident, beautiful, she seemed to love teasing the boys, her smile so easy, but with a mischievous gleam in her green eyes. 

Janie. Yes, there was a time when Amy thought she wanted to be her. But after the events of the previous night, her feelings were in a tumult. She didn't understand what she wanted anymore, even if she wanted to stay in college, no matter how much dishonor it would bring to her parents.

Amy sat in the lecture hall for Psych 101. It was the class she had been dreading all day. She had been in an agony over whether she should go to it or not, but she finally decided that she did not want to be a coward. She would go, and whatever happened would happened. Her stomach in a nervous flutter she sat down in one of the back rows. After settling herself, she allowed her eyes to sweep the hall. No Janie. Amy relaxed somewhat, yet also felt a keen disappointment. She started to daydream about what Janie had said to her, and all the events of the last week, when her heart felt a jolt. It was Janie. She had arrived just before the lecture started, sitting two rows ahead.

Amy didn't want to look in Janie's direction. She was there to learn. Dutifully, she took out her notebook and started to take down what the instructor was saying. Transference... mental block... Repression... Her handwriting was shaky. Irritated with herself, she bore down on her pen harder. But ten minutes into the lecture that she barely heard, she felt she had earned a look in Janie's direction.

She started. Janie was staring at her, as if waiting for Amy to finally look at her. Janie smiled that beautiful smile of hers. Amy managed to tighten her lips in a return smile. Then, just as she was about to look away, Janie slumped slightly in her seat and with her left hand partially shielding her from others, she extended her middle finger on her right hand and put it slowly into her mouth.

Amy nearly fainted. It had not been a dream. It had really happened. Heart knocking in her chest, she cast down her eyes. But she could not unsee the image. And she knew exactly what it signified. That had been the very finger, the finger belonging to Janie Hervoldt, one of the most beautiful and popular girls on campus, that had been inside her, that had violated her. Her tongue moved seductively around the finger... It was still too unbelievable. Amy thought again of the times she had met Janie briefly in the halls of their dorm or in the cafeteria and noticed the gleam in the girl's eye when she said hi. What was it? But Amy had ignored those signs at the time. She was new to college, after all, and there was no knowing what people were thinking. Perhaps Janie was making fun of her? But then came the incident in the library.

Amy had been in a cubicle late at night when a piece of folded paper dropped nearby. She looked up to see a blonde girl walking off--Janie?--and then, a little bored with her studies, she decided to see what the paper was. Unfolding it, it simply said, "Meet me in the study room." Amy looked around. Her? Was it really meant for her? Amy sat for a long moment. At last, thinking to cover her confusion by going for the drinking fountain, she walked past the study rooms. There, behind the door with the window in it, was Janie Hervoldt. She motioned at Amy.

"Hey," Janie said. "I have a question for you."

Amy stood holding the door to the study room. "Yes?"

Janie laughed. "I promise I won't bite. Come in. I just want to ask you about the class we have together. Mr Foster's psych class? You have that too, right?"

"Oh, yes. Yes."

"Great. Well, I need some help. I thought maybe we could study together sometime?"

With relief, and even some joy, Amy agreed to meet Janie at her dorm room after the library closed. It seemed she was going to have a friend at last. Once there, however, she started to feel nervous again. Janie sat on the edge of her bed, wearing a tight pink shirt and sweats, her hair tied in the back. It was late, nearly eleven, and Janie had a beer in her hand. Amy's intuition told her this wasn't merely a study session.

"Thanks for coming. I study better when I'm relaxed. But I guess you don't..." Janie laughed a little. Amy was still wearing her somewhat formal style of dress--a skirt and button-down top with a collar. "Have a beer with me."

"No, thanks."

"Come on. Just one."

Amy found herself sitting on the bed with her new friend, sipping at a beer. It seemed to her, as the beer starting to make her feel a little dizzy, that Janie was the one who should have been teaching her about psychology. Amy didn't like to drink, and yet here she was getting a second beer. And what happened to studying?

"You must get a lot of guys hitting on you," Janie said suddenly.

"What, no, me? What?"

"Wow! You're really blushing. That's really cute."

Janie told Amy about herself, that she was an Army brat, going from base to base in her childhood years. She thought of joining the military herself, but decided to enter college instead, thinking she could meet nice people.

"Like you," Janie said.

"Oh, thanks."

Janie scooted closer to Amy on the bed. Amy could smell her friend's breath, feel the warmth of her soft body, her large breast sometimes brushing against Amy's arm... What was she thinking? She had to go. She had to leave. She set down her nearly-empty beer. It was stupid of her to drink.

"I have to go," Amy said. "I have early class, and I..."

"No."

As simple as that. Janie didn't grab Amy, or seem to move a muscle. And her voice was level, calm. But at that one word command, Amy was frozen. She sat, confused, not moving. Janie smiled.

"We're having too much fun. So tell me, what do you think about..."

"Think about?"

"Yeah, I mean, when you're masturbating."

"What?" Amy had never been asked such a question before. She almost fell off the bed. And yet Janie asked it such a matter-of-fact tone.

"I bet you like to touch yourself, don't you." Janie's voice became a little ragged. She stared at Amy.

"No, no, I..."

"Have you ever had a girl do it for you? That was my first time. My friend showed me how to do it... She was so good, too..."

"No, I should go, please..."

But Amy didn't move as Janie's hand slid up Amy's thigh. She blew in Amy's ear.

"You'll like it, I promise."

It seemed that Amy had lost all rational thought. She watched as if from far away as the insistent hand lifted her skirt and then snaked down into her panties. The hand felt her pubic hair. It stroked and caressed. Then one finger, the middle finger, hooked into Amy.

"Ohhhh..." Amy moaned without meaning to.

"It's nice, huh. My friend is an expert. She knows just how..."

Janie got closer, her free arm going around Amy's waist and her right hand pushing into Amy as her middle finger buried itself deeper. She started to saw it back and forth, as Amy lifted her hips. She was getting wet. It was so embarrassing, but she couldn't help it. Janie held her as she worked her finger in and out, sliding it and twisting it around, making it go in as far as possible.

"That's nice, huh. That's nice. Say it. Say you like this."

Amy, breathing hard, nodded. At last, she said it. "I like it."

"Mmm, that's so hot. Nice pussy. You're so wet now. So what do you think about? Do you think about girls touching your pussy?"

Amy moaned. Janie shook her a little.

"Answer me. You think about girls...?"

"Yes. Yes, I do!"

"Nice. God, you're sopping." Janie at last removed her finger. It was coated with Amy's juice. She brought the finger to her mouth and then sucked on it. "Nice," she said. "You taste so good. Here."

Amy flinched. The finger was brought to her mouth. She didn't want to taste herself, but she also knew she could not disobey Janie. She opened her lips and let the finger invade her mouth.

"Suck it. Ohhh. That's nice, huh."

Amy moaned on the finger. The taste was not as bad as she thought it would be. Janie put her finger back inside Amy, and then returned it to Amy's mouth several times. Her mouth and chin became coated with slobber and pussy juice. Amy became more eager to suck on the finger every time it came for her mouth. Janie, laughing, sometimes teased her with it... Then there was a knock at the door. It was a friend of Janie's. Amy composed herself as best she could, and then, in a panic, she fled, nearly knocking over the friend at the door.

And again she felt that same panic. She got up and ran out of the lecture hall. Back in her dorm room she flopped on her bed and wondered what to do. How could she ever go to that class ever again? Had Janie told her friend, had she told anyone? Amy was in an agony of doubt. What disturbed her most was how much she enjoyed Janie's finger. She could not blame it all on the beer. That was her, her real self enjoying sex with a girl. She was not a lesbian, so what was wrong with her? Why didn't she stop Janie when it went too far?

It was growing late in the day, shadows growing in her sparse dorm room, when she heard something at the door. A paper was slid under it. Not wanting to, but knowing she had to, Amy got off the bed and got the paper. It was Janie. The message simply said, Come to my room at eleven. 

The next hours nearly killed Amy. She thought of leaving the campus altogether. But she could not do it. She could not make herself start packing. Nor could she confide in anyone. She sat and turned over every possibility in her mind and then suddenly the time arrived.

Heart thumping, she stood at Janie's door. No one was around. She felt grateful for that. She didn't know what people would think of her coming over at such a late hour on a Wednesday night. Then she realized no one would think anything of it. What was strange about a girl seeing another girl late at night?

"Hey! Come in."

Amy had her speech all ready. She wanted to tell Janie that she thought of her as a friend, but what had happened last night was an aberration, never to be repeated. But her speech fell out of her head when she saw another girl sitting on a chair. She was another blonde beauty, one of Janie's inner circle of pals.

"This is Casey," Janie said.

"Oh, hi."

"Thanks for coming over."

Amy was told to sit on the bed. Casey had been in the middle of telling a story about some frat party she had been at the previous weekend. Janie laughed. She got Amy a beer, and Amy knew better than to refuse. She felt utterly enervated, as if her limbs no longer obeyed her brain. She sat on the bed, nursing a beer, and laughed politely at Casey's story. She had long black eyelashes and rosy cheeks. She wore more makeup than Janie, as if to compensate for not being quite as pretty as her friend.

Then, as if Amy's thoughts were read, Janie said, "And don't you think Amy is pretty? I love her Asian looks. They're so beautiful. Don't you think?"

Casey smiled, as if knowingly. "Sure," she said.

Janie suddenly turned on Amy. "So I told her."

"What?" Amy nearly dropped her beer.

"Yeah. I told her you liked me finger inside you. You liked it, didn't you?"

Amy stammered a response.

"Hey, I've got an idea." Janie smiled wickedly over at her friend. "Since you like the taste so much, why don't you go down on Casey?"

Amy said nothing. She could only shake her head.

"That sounds awesome," Casey said. "My boyfriend is such a lunkhead. He never does that for me. And I'm so horny!"

"Come on."

"No, no, I couldn't..."

Casey stood in her stocking feet and unzipped her jeans. She took a last swig of her beer, and then pushed them off. Then she rolled off her panties.

"Wow," Janie said. "Did you just shave?"

"Yeah," Casey said. "You like it. Nicely shaped. Not even Toby has seen it yet."

"Come on," Janie said. "You should try it. Come on."

Janie was practically pushing Amy off the bed. Casey made herself comfortable on the wooden chair, scooting her rear to the edge of the seat. She smiled over at Amy, and then crooked her finger. Amy stared, not believing that this girl she just met was naked before her. And wanting her to do... that.

"I can't... I..."

"It's okay. Look, I'll help you."

Janie got down on her knees and pulled Amy down with her. She tugged on Amy's arm, bringing her closer to Casey. As Amy leaned in, Casey reached out and stroked the shy girl's black hair.

"Such pretty hair."

Janie pushed Amy forward, and before Amy knew what was happening, she was inches away from Casey's pussy.

"Now just give it a few licks. Come on. Like you showed me last night."

Casey looked down, her face serious, and then smiled when Amy's tongue came out and made its first contact.

"There you go. That's nice."

Amy drew in a sharp breath, smelling the sweaty saltiness of Casey's arousal, and licked once more. It tasted interesting. She ran her tongue over the folds and to the hood of the clitoris, her nose exhaling in Casey's brown hair. Casey moved her hips slightly as Amy licked several more times. The room was very quiet as Janie and Casey watched Amy lick the pussy, her tongue running up and down. Amy looked up at Casey.

"You're doing great, honey," Casey said. "But my clit too. Suck on it."

Casey pulled back her hood and Amy saw the bright red clitoris. She attached her mouth to it and started sucking. She alternated sucking and licking. A lot of fluid started to seep from the opening, and she caught that on her tongue. Casey let out a long moan.

"Fuck. Toby never does it like this!"

"That's so hot," Janie whispered.

Amy licked and sucked on the pussy, her mind having shut down. All that mattered was making Casey feel good. She wondered, briefly, how long she would have to lick the pussy. But she continued to suck and lick, as Casey stroked her hair, and then Casey started to moan louder, her hand gripping the back of Amy's head. Amy was pushed in deeper. She moaned herself, feeling the hot juices envelope her. Then Casey jerked violently, holding Amy hard to her cunt. She slowly came down, releasing Amy. Amy continued to softly lick until she was pushed away.

"Wow," Casey said, panting. "That was incredible."

Amy sat back, wiping at the drool around her mouth and chin. Then from the corner of her eye she saw Janie on the edge of the bed. She knew what was next.

"You are so fucking hot," Janie said. She was naked, her breasts exposed, and her legs wide. Her pussy was not as neatly trimmed as Casey's, the red lips protruding from the hair. "Come and do me, baby."

Amy let out a little moan and turned to Janie. It seemed even more humiliating, and yet exciting, to know that Casey was watching her do this--and with little coercion this time.

"Mmm."

Amy let her tongue slide over the hair. Then she licked and sucked as she had with Casey. Janie held her head and seemed to have an urgency to cum.

"Yeah, eat my pussy. That's it. Eat me, oh, god..."

Janie came, and Amy slurped out all the come. She then went down on Casey again. Both girls had Amy eat them out for hours. At the end of it, they got Amy undressed and forced her to masturbate herself and repeat that she was a whore and a pussy licker. Amy so badly wanted to be licked, and yet she knew it would not happen. She was to serve these girls, and the thought of that turned her on even more. She tried not to wonder what was wrong with her. She had an explosive orgasm. As she came down, panting, Janie rolled over to her, smiling.

"Expect a note under your door this weekend. I know some other friends..."

Amy could only nod.