 - 6 -

Christy Introduces Melissa to Gina

**That Saturday -- Continued**

I wasn't prepared to hear what Melissa just said. I didn't think I had described Gina in such a way that she would want to meet her. I mean, I guess there was no harm in the matter, but what was the purpose behind Melissa wanting to meet her?

"Why do you want to meet her?" I asked, desperate to know what was on her mind.

"Well, she was the first woman you had sex with despite me being the first you considered it with, so I thought I would ask to meet her since you were the first I was ever with?" She said, fairly uncertain of her words.

"So, you'd like you meet her because she had her face in my pussy before yours?" I asked, inquisitively.

"No, it's not that necessarily, it's just that you said she found me attractive by the way you described me, but I also seem to find her attractive by the way you describe her."

"Fair enough," I said, conceding to her argument, "I'll just have to find a way to get us all together."

"I would enjoy that. I say that with some reservation, though."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, I'm sure you've wondered how I learned all the 'tricks of the trade' as some would say."

I did wonder how she was able to master me being a virgin, but I guess in the grand scheme of things, I was also the virgin here.

"I guess I never thought about it, or I assumed more than I should. But regardless of that fact, you still seemed more experienced than you let on." I said, waiting for an adequate reply.

"Christina, I'm 25 years old. Most girls have had sex with a boy by the time they were 16. So, you would think me naïve being this old without having a cock inside me. You'd be wrong." She said sternly at me. I was a little dismayed by her continued aggression towards me.

"I was born in the age of the internet. I've had free access to porn my entire life. I've watched everything from incest to orgy to lesbian videos. While I've not had a penis inside me, I do tend to know what I prefer, and I prefer you more than I do some random cock," she said, her voice veering on the edge of a scream by the end.

I touched my hand to her face. "My love, I wasn't trying to offend you. You have as much experience with men as I have with women. We have things we could teach each other. I would rather us teach each other, though." I said, hoping she would agree.

"So, are you saying you're mine?" She asked.

I thought about this for a moment. I don't know if she realized that primarily, I was married to Ben. I've already mentioned him at least once, so if she's looking for a solid lesbian, I'm not the one. Second, she's seemed to have forgotten about Gina who is my very best friend and next best lover. Third, she says she wants to meet Gina which I assume she wants to be involved with her much as I am, which means she wants to fuck both of us.

"I'm yours as often as I can be." I said, without further hesitation.

She understood what that meant and didn't press on. Instead, she asked if Gina would be interested in meeting her. I laughed out loud at that concept because I knew Gina would be absolutely thrilled at meeting the young woman who make me hungry for her pussy.

"Will Gina like me?" she asked.

"Gina will love you simply for the fact that your bold actions alone gave me the presence of mind to seek her out sexually. But I think she also wants to meet you because you started the fire inside me.

"So, you will allow me to meet her, then?" She asked.

"As long as you approach her the way you did me, it will be a magical experience for all of us."

"Christy, I don't know much about her so I would absolutely approach her with caution, but knowing she was your first and I assume you were hers, I don't think I have much to worry about, right?" She accurately questioned.

"You're right. I'll mention all of this to her and I have no doubt she'll be on board. Between you and I, she was a little jealous that I'm over here tonight." I admitted.

"Well, since she's already jealous, what say we make her properly jealous?" she said with a smirk.

"What do you mean?" I asked, pretending I had no concept of the current situation.

She got up on her knees and pulled me close to her so she could whisper in my ear. "Rub my pussy, bitch," she whispered to me.

I was taken back a little by the sudden change in her tone, but she pulled back and looked me in the eye. Her eyes had a sense of confidence about them, but also trepidation as she appeared to need validation for her actions.

"Bitch, eh?" I said, lurching forward and grabbing her hair. "It seems someone has found themselves on the wrong side of that track, little girl." I said while smiling.

"Oh, god, yes. Pull it harder," she said through gritted teeth.

"Who's the bitch now?" I said as I plunged two fingers into her pussy.

"Me! I'm your bitch, if you'll allow it!"

I felt as if she was acting out some video she saw on the internet or some dream she had. I slid three fingers in her pussy and left my pinky finger to explore her asshole. I was going to be the dominant one here.

"Please fuck my ass." She whimpered.

"How do you want me to fuck you? Would you like this," I said, inserting my pinky in her ass, "or would you prefer this," I added, removing two fingers from her pussy and replacing my pinky with them. She groaned louder at the latter.

"I see you enjoy that. Would you like me to continue that or would you like me to fuck you with that fake cock over there?" I said, motioning my head to the side table where the strap-on was.

"That one," she said motioning her eyes to the side table, since my hold on her hair prevented her from moving her head and her hands were braced on my shoulders.

"I see. If I let go, you'll be a good little girl, won't you?" I asked, removing my fingers from her and looking her in the eye like a mom scolding her daughter.

"Yes, ma'am," she whimpered again.

I released my hold on her hair and got off the bed when I suddenly had an idea.

"If you're an extra good girl, I'll do something special for you. Can you do that?" I asked, maintaining my mom-like dominance over her.

She nodded. I got back into the bed and laid her down. I didn't want to carry out this idea while in this role play scenario we found our way into. I laid next to her and told her my idea.

"I'd like to see if Gina wants to watch me fuck you."

"You think she'll want to just jump right in like that?" she asked. It was a valid question that I did not have the answer for.

"I'll have to feel her out to see if she would be willing to start that way. I'm certain she would want to meet you, but I don't know if this is the way she had in mind for her first time with you." I said, unsure of exactly how to precede.

I picked up my phone and carefully crafted each text I sent to her.

Me: Gina! Are you awake?

Gina: I sure am! Are you back home from Melissa's? It's pretty late!

Me: Well...

Me: I'm actually still here.

Gina:?!

Me: I know, just listen for a second. Are you interested in meeting Melissa?

Gina: You know I would enjoy that ;)

Me: I figured. Did you have any thoughts on how you would prefer that to happen?

Gina: Not, really. I never gave it much thought since I figured if you ever wanted me to, you would tell me face to face.

Me: I would have guessed so as well. So, here's the deal...

Me: We've been fairly active tonight and we thought you might like to watch for a while?

There was a long pause between that text and her reply. I initially thought I offended her or something, but it turns out, she was just getting ready.

Gina: I would enjoy that. Did you want to use skype?

I didn't think this through all the way since I wasn't completely sure it would even get this far. When the idea came to me, I simply imagined fucking Melissa while she watched. That's what turned me on, not the technical details in making that a really.

Me: We'll get that set up and call you when we're ready. Sound ok?

Gina: I'll be ready!! ;)

I turned to Melissa who was now rubbing her pussy behind my back. I slapped her hand and informed her that she can wait to do that. She stopped while letting out a quick laugh and said she would go get her iPad since that would be better than my phone. I watched her walk away, her hips swaying gently to each side as she took a step. She was beautiful. While she did that, I resumed the task I was supposed to be doing earlier which was putting the strap-on on me.

She came back in the room and laughed as I was looking down at the fake cock, holding it like a man does.

"Hey baby, want to come get some of this dick?" she mocked in a male-like tone, bursting into laughter.

I walked over to her, having not laughed at her joke and asked "well, do you?"

She looked at me and nodded.

"Get on your knees," I demanded while pointing at the floor.

She set the iPad down as she did what she was told. I was kind of liking this dominant stance I had over her. Her range of sexual prowess was also impressing me, especially for someone with limited actual experience.

I didn't need to tell her what to do. With her hands behind her back, almost as if she were naturally a submissive, she opened her mouth and welcomed the rubber cock into it. I watched her slowly accept more and more of it into her mouth then pull her head back a little. She kept it in at length for a moment then released it, allowing it to all but slip out of her mouth before she repeated the process. I reach down and grabbed a bunch of her hair. As I did, she reached out and put both hands on my butt and squeezed as she pulled me closer, shoving the cock into her mouth.

I watched her do this while also getting wetter and wetter.

"I want you to lick my pussy before we call Gina. I want to cum before we call her." I said, removing the cock from her mouth and bending over to press my lips against hers.

"I would love to!"

I stood back up and lowered the strap-on harness as quickly as I could so to give her full access. She put both her hands on my ass again and dove, tongue first directly to my pussy. As always, she was masterful with her tongue. Her fingers danced around my asshole while her tongue jabbed at my clit. Despite the earlier evening's exertions, she had my body shaking quickly.

"Oh, baby, I'm going to cum. Suck my clit into your mouth and hold it here while I do!" I said between heavy breaths. I steadied myself on her shoulder and the wall behind her as she did exactly as I asked. I always feel as I'm about to fall when someone makes me cum standing up, but it's a bit more intense for me that way.

"I'm cumming..." I meekly whispered as the true power of the orgasm was about to hit me.

"MELI-," I started to yell as my breath was taken out of my lungs before I could finish. My muscles tensed hard and I truly could not breath for a moment.

"OH GOD!" I shouted as soon as I was able, "Stop sucking it. STOP SUCKING IT!" I added.

She used her teeth on my clit gently as she withdrew, and I collapsed onto my knees in front of her. I had to catch my breath a moment before I looked at her. When I finally did, I saw my juices all over her mouth and chin. I used the tip of my tongue to lick a path from just beneath her chin to her mouth as I pressed my lips against hers.

"I still don't know how you learned to do that so well." I said in genuine wonder.

"A woman knows what a woman wants, am I right?" she said nonchalantly.

"That is a fact," I said, standing up, putting the strap-on back around my waist, "I think it's time we called Gina, don't you think? And to be honest, when we're done with that... I'll be ready for bed!"

"I agree on all counts," she said standing and walking towards the bed with the iPad.

She set it up on the night stand next to the bed, so it was facing the bed diagonally. I looked at what we had to work with and knew how I could get Gina the best view. I laid on the bed and used the selfie camera view to ensure the proper angle was obtained. Once I was sure it was, I told Melissa what I wanted her to do.

"I'm going to call Gina now. When I do, she's going to see me laying here, holding this." I said, wrapping my hand around the dildo. "She may or may not want to say anything, but I'll give you the clue to hop on when it's time, ok?" I asked.

"I think I see what you mean. I'll sit over here," she said, sitting on the corner edge of the bed.

I called Gina and she answered immediately. It wasn't a surprised that she was naked already. I smiled at her and gave her a quick air kiss. She responded in kind and said nothing more. I knew she wanted to see some action.

I set the iPad down on the night stand and got back into position. I tapped the bed on my opposite side, signaling Melissa it was time. I figured she would just hop on, but it seemed Gina was going to get a show. Melissa straddled me at my knees and began sucking on the fake cock much like she did before. Her hair was covering her face, so Gina could not see her. I looked over at the tablet and Gina has set back a bit of a ways and I could see her completely nude now, not just her boobs. She was watching Melissa work.

"You like what you see, baby?" I asked Gina.

"Oh, yes, she looks like she knows what she's doing with that thing," she replied.

"Just wait, this is just the beginning of the show." I said, winking at her.

It wasn't long before Melissa had gotten it nice and wet, and she was ready to slide up and mount it. She grabbed it with one hand and kept it steady as she positioned herself over it. I looked back at the tablet's picture-in-picture display to ensure the proper angle was showing. Gina could see my tits and Melissa's ass as she began to sink down onto the rubber cock.

Melissa slowly accepted the entire thing inside her and exhaled deeply. She turned her face to the tablet.

"Would you like to watch me grind her or bounce on this cock?" She asked.

Gina thought for a moment.

"I would like you to lean forward and slowly bounce on that cock. I want to see it slide in and out of you," she said.

"Would you like me to play with Christy's tits while I do that?" She asked, still looking into the camera.

"Damn, you're hot," Gina commented under her breath, "yes."

"Are you going to imagine laying right here and leaning in to suck my tit as I do that?" Melissa asked, her tone becoming more and more seductive.

"Yes," Gina whispered.

Melissa leaned forward, allowing the cock to slide partially out of her pussy. She used one hand to tweak her nipple before moving it to Christy's and doing the same. She slid back down on the cock as she still watched Gina masturbate.

"You want to sit on her face and play with my tits as I fuck her, don't you?" Melissa asked, fucking the dildo in and out of her pussy.

Gina simply nodded as she rubbed her pussy with one hand and played with her tit with the other. Melissa closed her eyes and turned her head towards me.

"I want that too," Melissa whispered as she picked up her pace.

I put my hands on Melissa's ass and leaned up a little to whisper in her ear.

"I want to fuck your ass." I said quietly in her ear.

She nodded at me and slowed her pace. It was only a moment before she let the dildo slip from her pussy and her hand held it steady again. I watched simultaneously as Gina sped up the motion of her fingers and Melissa slowly slid the cock into her ass. I was sure this was not quite what Gina was thinking was going to happen, but it looked to me like she was very much enjoying the show.

Melissa had completely settled down and allowed everything to adjust and began rising up. As she did, she picked up the tablet and put it in front of her face.

"She is fucking my ass, Gina." Melissa said, staring into the camera.

"I love watching it, too." She responded.

"I wish I could have my face buried where your hand is while she fucks me." Melissa added in that same seductive tone as she continued letting the cock slide slowly in and out of her ass.

I reached down and thumbed her clit while she rode the dildo.

"Oh, god!" she breathed.

She laid the tablet next to my head and closed her eyes tight as I'm sure her orgasm was approaching.

"Gina, I'm going to cum! Will you come with me?!" she asked loudly.

"I'm ready, darling!" Gina responded.

"Oh. OH! Here it comes!" Melissa announced.

I felt her body shake around me as I picked up the tablet and used my arm length to hold it a distance away from me without shifting my body and disturbing Melissa's orgasm. She began to convulse as she slammed herself down on the cock, taking it all the way in.

"Put a finger in my pussy!" she demanded.

I did and she almost leapt off me as her orgasm rocked her body. She braced herself as her orgasm continued and I looked to ensure Gina was able to witness it all. When I looked at Gina, she was in the middle of her own orgasm. I smiled, happy that this turned out as it did and not an awkward situation for anyone. Melissa was very good with Gina and I caught myself imagining the three of us together in the same room.

Melissa came down from her spell, and gently removed the dildo from her ass as Gina was laid back, arms outstretched, breathing hard. She laid next to me, and rested her head on my shoulder, watching Gina.

"You're as beautiful as Christy said. I'm glad to finally have met you, though this may not have been what you had in mind?" She asked, smiling.

Gina laughed a little, "No, not exactly what I pictured, but it was intense, and I loved it! I'm looking forward to meeting you in person, though."

"I would enjoy that. I'll let you two figure that out since I think I'm the outsider here."

I turned to her and told her that while she may not be the common denominator here, she's certainly the one who deserves all the credit for all what just transpired in that bedroom. She blushed.

"You know, I wasn't exactly expecting all of this. I just saw you that day on the bus and never had anyone capture my attention as you did. It was wildly unexpected, but as you alluded to, not at all unwelcome!" she said.

Gina laughed and agree with everyone while I explained that we'd been at this for a while now and the bed is looking like it needed to take back its intended purpose for a while. I needed to get some sleep.

"Would you like to meet up for lunch tomorrow?" I asked Gina, "We could go where I began telling you about this whole thing!" I suggested.

Gina quickly nodded, "Yes! I would love to meet the two of you there! I'll get us a table at 12, how does that sound? And no funny business making you late!" She said, wagging her finger at the camera.

We both chuckled and agreed on the offered time. We waved at the camera and ended the call.

"I would like to get a shower with you before we go to bed." I said, turning my head to gently kiss Melissa.

"I would like that. I'm pretty beat and going to bed feeling fresh would be nice. Do you sleep with clothes on?" She asked.

"Sometimes," I said, "but tonight will not be one of those nights."

"Good!" she replied, kissing me again before rolling off the bed and walking toward the door.

I couldn't wait to hold her as we slept. I also could not wait to see what tomorrow held.

"I can't wash you properly if you don't follow me!" she said, beckoning me to come with her to the shower.

In that moment, I felt like Melissa had more plans for the evening.