 The Evening Threesome Continues...

Gina went to her room and brought back her own strap-on. When she returned, Melissa already had me on my side on the carpet, fucking me from behind. Gina put hers on and got behind Melissa and performed the same act on her. If only I could have been a fly on the wall to witness this scene. I heard a chorus of moaning from the three of us as we all gyrated into each other on the floor. I reached back to put my hand on Melissa's hip only to find Gina had hers there already. I began to think about the future of where this was going and what arrangements would be had.

I suddenly wasn't as into the scene as I was before as I began to think about Ben. He was missing out on a fantasy of his and if Melissa weren't here, he would be. I decided that maybe the three of us needed to have a talk about where this was going, but I wanted to get back into this.

"Fuck me harder!" I said to Melissa.

She put her hand on my hip and held me still.

"Let me be the one moving here, I'll fuck Christy and with that motion, Gina will essentially be fucking me," Melissa said, educating us on the details of strap-on threesomes.

Gina and I stopped moving and let Melissa do the work. Melissa reached around and began to rub my clit. I focused on her movements in and out of me, begging for my orgasm to come. After some time, it finally did, and I fell back into my previous thoughts when an idea came to me. As much as I loved Melissa, I was starting to think she was simply meant to be the one in my life who affected change and that she wasn't supposed to be with me forever.

I pulled away from her and sat watching Gina pump her fake cock into Melissa. 

"I'd like to watch you two for a while." I said to them both smiling.

Gina got the idea and told Melissa to take hers off, that she would like her to be on the receiving end of the pleasure for once. Melissa took hers off and got on her back on the floor. Gina had other plans as she went to sit on the couch. Melissa mounted Gina's cock and slowly slid the shaft inside her. She stared into Gina's eyes as she put her hands on Gina's shoulders. When it was all the way in, she sat and looked Gina over.

I watched as Melissa went in to kiss her. There was passion there. Perhaps not as much as Melissa and I shared, but that by itself could have been simply pent up sexual aggression we both had. I felt there was something else between them. The issue is I didn't want Melissa to walk away from my life. She was a good person and I enjoyed being around her.

I watched as Melissa began to rise and fall on the cock as she placed her hands on both of Gina's cheeks, kissing her passionately and she rode the strap-on. I smiled, knowing Gina might have found a lover who will treat her right and who could really love her. I just didn't know what Melissa was feeling at that moment. I didn't know Melissa long enough to understand her expressions and her meaning behind her words or motions. 

I watched happily as they both smiled at each other while their hands roamed each other's body. It was like they were truly making love to each other. It seemed, though, that I was still quite turned on by everything that was happening as my hand found its way between my legs and was slowly making circles around my clit.

"She's enjoying the show," Gina said out loud.

Melissa looked over at me and motioned for me to come to her. I got on my knees, still rubbing my pussy and knelt next to her. She went around my hand and began getting the tips of her fingers wet with my juices. She inserted her fingers inside me while still sliding up and down Gina's cock. I put my fingers up to her mouth and she took them in, getting them good and wet with her saliva. I put the wet fingers on her clit in an effort to help her cum.

"Cum for me, baby, I want to see your body shake," I whispered in her ear.

"Let's cum together," she responded. 

I looked her in the eyes and nodded as I leaned in to kiss her.

"That is so hot." Gina said, watching us.

"Fuck her faster!" I said, looking at Gina. She smiled at me, put her hands on Melissa's ass and began thrusting in and out of her quickly.

Melissa had to catch her breath as Gina picked up the pace. I was on the verge of another orgasm watching everyone be so intimately close to each other. All I needed was Ben to be here and my circle of lovers would be complete. I would had put him behind me and when he tried to fuck my pussy, I would have suggested 'another place.' He would have looked at me wide eyed and I could have nodded at him. The thought of him fucking my ass while Melissa fingered me had me near the point of no return.

"I'm going to cum!" I said to Melissa as I removed my hand from her clit and move it to her ass. My fingers started to wander as they found her tight, unoccupied hole and began to press in. Just as one entered, she burst the dam.

"I'm cumming!" she said loudly.

"Me too!" I responded.

Gina kept fucking Melissa as both Melissa and I came down from our orgasms. It was not a surprise that when she was done, she leaned in to kiss Gina and not me. I watched as they resumed the passionate kiss I witnessed before. When I was sure everyone was calm again, I began thinking out loud.

"It's too bad I have to go back home tonight. I'm going to miss more fun!" I said, feigning disappointment. I was a little, but I also wanted to get back to Ben and tell him about everything.

They both looked at me with sad faces. 

"It's Ok," I said, touching Melissa's leg, "You could stay here if Gina would like you to."

Melissa turned her gaze to Gina and stared as if silently asking permission. Gina nodded quickly as I expected she would have. 

"I think someone likes you!" I said, squeezing Melissa's leg a few times then looking at Gina.

Gina looked at me and nodded again.

"I don't blame you, honey, she is a rare spark that anyone would be lucky to know!" I said, looking at Melissa. She leaned down and kissed me gently.

"Thank you, but I don't know if I'm all that! I would like to stay over and get to know Gina better. I knew it was only a matter of time before you had to go home to your husband."

"Yes, the old man is probably at home daydreaming about what I'm up to! The last time he knew anything about any of this, he saw pictures of Gina for the first time naked!" I said, laughing. 

"I would like to do one more thing before you go, if that's ok?" Melissa said.

"Of course, I don't have to leave this moment."

She withdrew herself from Gina's strap-on and asked her to take it off. She told me to put the other one on and I think I knew what she was getting at. I put the other one on and laid on the floor facing Gina. Melissa put the other one on and knelt in front of Gina as she sat on the couch. She leaned in and began to lick Gina's pussy. Gina moaned under Melissa's expert tongue.

She grabbed Gina's hand and helped her off the couch. I laid on my back, anticipating what Melissa had in mind and she nodded at me. 

"You sit on that," Melissa said to Gina, pointing at the strap-on I had.

Gina seemed to figure out what was going on and happily mounted me. I pulled her close to me, smiling at her as I wiggled a little underneath her. She scrunched her nose at me playfully. Melissa straddled my legs and positioned the head of the fake cock at Gina's asshole. 

"I don't know how this is going to feel," Gina whispered to me as she suddenly widened her eyes. I knew Melissa had entered her ass just at that moment.

"She's very gentle and won't hurt you, love. Let her go slow and she'll stop once in a while to let you adjust."

"It's filling me up so much!" 

I leaned up and began kissing her lips and Melissa completed her entry of Gina's ass. She opened her mouth and accepted my tongue into her mouth to dance with hers. We kept this up until I began to feel Gina's body rocking back and forth. I pulled back from Gina and looked over at Melissa. He had a handful of Gina's hair in one hand and her other hand was on Gina's hip, pushing her back and forth so both cocks were going in and out of her.

"Oh. My. God. This feels amazing!" Gina said. 

I couldn't help but think that Gina and Melissa could get together, but at the same time, Melissa may try to keep her all to herself. I didn't want to stop being intimate with Gina just because I let Melissa have her. It was a predicament I hoped to solve before I left. My thoughts must have gotten away with me since the next thing I knew, Gina was thrashing about, apparently experiencing an intense orgasm. I reach up and grabbed her breasts and pulled a nipple into my mouth.

She finally came down from her orgasm and asked Melissa to pull the strap-on out of her. 

Within a few minutes, we were all laying on the floor, Gina still breathing harder than normal and Melissa and I kissing Gina's face all over.

"Could we go lay in the bed and talk?" I asked timidly.

Gina and Melissa both looked at me and Melissa spoke first, "I thought you needed to go home? Did you change your mind?"

"No, I just wanted to talk for a bit before I went is all." I said without conveying too much.

They both shrugged and we got off the floor and headed to Gina's room. Just as we were on the floor is how we were in the bed. Gina was in the middle and we were on either side of her. The bedspread was pulled over our naked bodies to keep warm and I started the conversation.

"So, obviously I'm married and I need to go back to him. I wish I could take you both home, but I feel like that was never meant to happen," I said, pausing to see if anyone would have an immediate comment, especially Melissa.

"So, I don't know exactly how to move forward here. Who's with who, who's allowed to be with who and when, et cetera."

The both had a 'thinking' face on for a moment when Melissa began to talk.

"Well, you already know I adore the hell out of you," she said, bopping her finger on my nose and smiling, "but I think we both knew from the start that we were not going to end up attached on a permanent basis."

"I think that's fair to say," I responded.

"So, the question I think you're asking is, 'will this be happening again?'"

I chuckled a little, "Yes, I suppose that is a pertinent question. For me, I would love to meet up once in a while for lunch or dinner and see where the day takes us!" I said rather excitedly.

"I would also enjoy that!" Gina chimed in.

"Ok, so, what happens here after I go back home? Are you two going to explore anything with each other?" I asked.

They both looked at each other and then back at me.

"I think that was what was on the menu for tonight," Melissa said with a sly grin on her face.

I slapped her hand lightly, "I already knew you two were going to go at each other! I meant is there room for a potential romance here?"

They both snapped their heads looking at each other again.

"I don't know. I'm not going to say it's impossible." Gina said, still looking at Melissa.

Melissa nodded and added, "It's a concept worth exploring. Are you trying to determine if Gina will be able to come to you sometimes if a relationship here happens?"

"Yes," I answered immediately, "I would hate to lose my best friend."

Melissa reach out and touched my face, "Darling, I would walk away from everything before I let that happen between the two of you. I think it's best if we take it a day at a time and just see where it all goes? Quite frankly, I'm happy to have been able to spend the time I have with both of you and look forward to whatever time we can get. I may even have to stalk you at the bus stop again!" she said smiling at me.

"I'm willing to also explore things, but I need you to know that I'm not committed to the lesbian lifestyle yet." Gina said to Melissa.

"I know, babe. That's why we take it a day at a time. Christy was my first physical sexual experience and she has a place in my heart after weeks of getting to know her. We just need time together to figure out what each of us wants."

Gina leaned over to Melissa and gave her a quick peck on the lips and repeated the gesture to me. I leaned over and kissed Melissa.

"Well, my loves, I need to go home. I have a lot to tell Ben about! Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" I said as I began crawling out of the bed. Just as I began to step away from the bed to go find my clothes, I remembered another question I had.

"If you two begin exploring each other, would you consider Gina off limits to other people?" I asked Melissa.

"Like I said, we'll take it a day at a time, but could you be more specific?" she asked me.

"Would you allow her to have a male partner at least once? See, I discovered since this all began that Ben has a thing for Gina and the first time she and I were together, I found out the feeling is mutual. I'd like to offer that to Gina if she still wants it."

"Eeeewwwww! She's going to have a slimy penis in her?" Melissa said with a funny face. She laughed and told me that Gina was obviously free to do what she liked, but would like to know when that happens simply as a courtesy.

"If there comes a time where this becomes something true, I'll ask her to commit to me. Until then, it's simply exploration, you know?" Melissa added.

"Geez, I feel like decisions are being made about me without anyone asking me!" Gina said, laughing a little.

"No, love, I just think she wanted to get my opinion on all of that because she already knew your take," Melissa said, looking at Gina.

"Oh, I know, just giving you a hard time," Gina said. She turned and looked and me, motioning me to come to her.

I got back on the bed and got close to her. She pulled me in and kissed me deeply on the lips.

"Thank you for all this. You didn't have to tell me the story as you did that one day but you let me in and you trusted me." 

I kissed her again, just as passionately as she did to me.

"There's no one else I could have trusted more than you!"

I walked towards the door and turned around to look at them both. 

"One of you better call me tomorrow to tell me what happens after I leave here!" I said before turning back around and walking to the living room to get dressed. I could hear them giggling to each other before going silent. No doubt they were beginning round three... or four. I couldn't even remember. What a night.

*****

Thanks for reading! Hope you continue to enjoy the series! Chapter 9 will be a repeat of parts of the story from another character's perspective, but who? Stay tuned! :)