  (This is the second half of the story of Anne and Jen. Thank you for the nice comments on the first part. For those of you who are typo critics, I will apologize in advance. I do this for my enjoyment and for the enjoyment of those who read it.)

Anne couldn't believe how good that felt. It took her awhile to get her breathing back to normal and for her body to fully relax from the heights it had reached. She looked down between her legs. Jen was still there gently kissing her inner thighs and her lower belly right above her pussy. 

"Wow," Anne said breathily, "Are you sure you've never done that before?"

Jen looked up her and smiled, "No, this is a first for me. I've not even been with boy yet."

Anne smiled back at Jen noticing her shinny face and knowing that it was her own juices that had produced that condition. Anne opened her arms inviting Jen to come up her body and meet her. Jen slowly crawled up until she was face to face with Anne. Anne gently touched her face and pulled her long hair back. She looked into the young girls blue eyes and saw how innocent and sweet she looked. Anne pulled her face closer to hers and placed a gentle kiss on Jen's lips. Jen came back for a second and then a third. In the next round Anne opened her mouth as Jen kissed her and touched Jen's lips with her tongue. Jen responded and soon they were making out like a couple of teenagers. 

Anne tasted the familiar taste of her juices as she kissed Jen. Anne always enjoyed kissing Jim after he had gone down on her or after he had cum in her mouth. When Jen came up for air, Anne kissed Jen's cheeks and chin tasting herself all along the way. To Anne this was such a gentle moment. The realization that this young teenage girl had made her cum and cum hard almost seemed surreal. She looked up at Jen and smiled. The younger woman seemed to ooze sweetness and innocence. Anne couldn't believe it but she was feeling the fire building back up in lower regions. She was always able to recover fast but this seemed too soon even for her. 

Jen could feel the warmth coming from Anne's body that seemed to originate between her legs. She began to kiss Anne's face and neck working down to those gorgeous breasts that stood at attention. To Jen they were perfect. They didn't sag even when Anne lay down on her back. Jen began to caress them which brought a moan from Anne. Bringing her mouth down, Jen began to kiss and suck on Anne's breasts concentrating on her nipples which now stood up in attention.

Anne couldn't remember the last time she felt this hot. Jen's mouth on her breasts had awakened her once more and she was feeling that familiar feeling deep within her. "God, you don't know what you are doing to me," Anne said almost breathless. 

"Making you feel good," Jen replied with a little more confidence in her voice.

Anne moaned and whispered "Yes...."

The heat coming from between Anne's legs was now undeniable. Jen could feel it burning on her stomach even through her nightie. It gave Jen a sense of satisfaction that she could bring so much pleasure to such an experienced older woman. 

Anne stroked Jen's hair as the young girl kept up her assault on her breasts. Every time Jen moved her body it would put pressure on Anne's mound and it would bring a moan from Anne's throat. Anne began to slow grind her mound on Jen's stomach. Jen knew that something needed attention and so she began to kiss down Anne's body pausing at her belly button before planting herself once again between the older woman's legs. 

This time, though, Jen knew just what to do. She began with long even strokes starting at the opening moving up to the clit. When she got to the clit she would pause and suck on it until Anne started bucking and then she would release it and go back down. This continued for several minutes until Anne pleaded with Jen, "Please, Jen don't tease me!" But Jen didn't concede right away. She went back to her the opening and licked all around it drinking up the juices that once again were flowing freely. Jen was enjoying the fact she had Anne under her control. She didn't know why but it felt good to have this power over this older woman. 

Anne was in a whirlwind of emotions. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own and she could not control it. She could feel her arousal in every fiber of her body. Her nipples were hard and on fire. If it wasn't for the fact that what Jen was doing to her felt so good she would swear it was torture. 

Finally, Jen relented and clasped her lips around Anne's clit and starting sucking and licking like it was the best thing she had ever tasted. She also inserted first one and then two fingers as deep as she could get them into Anne's tight pussy. Anne went ballistic. She threw her head back and groaned as every muscle seemed to tighten and then the waves began to roll. Anne felt as though she could feel it all the way down to her toes. She bucked into Jen's mouth like a brand new bronco. This one seemed to last twice as long and felt twice as intense as the first one. She could not remember the last time she had such a mind-blowing orgasm. Waves kept coming as Jen kept her lips over her clit and fingers in her hole. Anne wasn't sure how much time went by before the waves subsided and her clit started feeling the soreness of Jen's assault. Anne gently put her hand on Jen's head and moved her back away and cried, "Ok, Ok, Wow what a ride..."

Jen kept kissing Anne all around her mound being careful not touch the clit. She felt a sense of pride that she was able to bring so much pleasure to Anne. Never in her wildest dreams would she have guessed that before this night was over, she would be having sex for the first time, much less with another woman. But this was not just any woman. This was Anne Morris, whom she had always admired and even envied for her beauty, class, and charm. Jen had never met anyone quite like Anne with that rare mixture of beauty, brains, sweetness, and confidence without being high-and-mighty. Jen almost felt honored to be able to please this woman whom she admired so highly.

Anne lay still trying to catch her breath speechless. She could feel Jen planting kisses on the inside of her thighs and above her pussy mound. Jen seemed fascinated with the small strip of brown hair above Anne's pussy placing kisses all around it.

Finally, Anne recovered her composure and simply said, "Wow, what a ride."

Jen looked up at her and shyly asked, "Did I do ok?"

"Ok?" responded Anne. "You were awesome. I can't remember..." Anne tailed off still gathering herself. Jen once again moved up Anne's body kissing along the way. She paused again on Anne's breasts kissing and sucking on them gently. She finally made it all the way up so she was once again face to face with Anne. She kissed Anne gently a few times until Anne responded and opened her mouth offering her tongue to Jen. Once again Anne could taste herself on the younger girl's face which brought back the memories of her love-making with Jim.

After about few minutes of softly kissing each other, both women were drawn to the noises coming from the large TV screen. They both looked up and saw a scene of two women making love to each other. Jen looked at Anne and Anne looked at her and then they both busted out laughing. "Maybe we should have waited to watch this so we figure out what to do," said Jen through her laughter.

"I don't know," responded Anne, "I think you did great without their help." 

"Well, thank you," said Jen. "No, thank you," said Anne and both women laughed again. They kissed again with Anne reaching around stroking Jen's back through her nightie. 

Anne looked up to Jen and said, "What do say we go upstairs and get into bed?"

"Fine by me," answered Jen. Both women got up off the couch. Anne gathered up the towel and her panties after putting on her nightshirt. Jen gathered up the popcorn bowl and tea mugs and headed to kitchen. Anne set the TV channel to Johnny's favorite channel and walked to the laundry room and started another load of delicates. When she walked into the kitchen Jen had placed the cups and the popcorn bowl in the dishwasher. Anne smiled at her and reached out her hand and they walked hand in hand up the stairs.

The girls walked into the Master bedroom. Like the rest of the house it was beautifully decorated. Every detail of the room was carefully laid out and planned. Anne led Jen to the master bath which was huge by any standard. It had a large Roman tub with jets that could easily sit four people. It also had a large glass-encased shower stall with several shower jets. Anne led Jen to the huge double sink area and handed her a brand new toothbrush. The girls brushed their teeth in unison. Anne reach for some face cream and started to remove her makeup. Jen watched her with admiration. Anne offered Jen some and the young girl took a little dab and removed the little bit of makeup she had on. She still could not believe how beautiful Anne looked even without makeup. She stared at the older woman through the mirror admiring every aspect of her features.

Anne pulled out another jar of cream and rubbed some on her legs and thighs as Jen continued to watch. Once again Anne offered Jen some cream and Jen mimicked Anne like a little girl pretend to put on makeup while watching her mom.

They walked into the bedroom and Anne walked to the bed and pulled down the covers. "Do you have a favorite side of the bed?" asked Anne. "Not really," replied Jen, "I've not slept with too many people." 

"Well I usually sleep on the side closest to the door just in case the kids come in the middle of the night," said Anne.

"That's fine with me," Jen replied while moving to the other side of the bed. The room had two night dressers on each side of the bed and two large arm chairs on either side. As Jen reached the other side of the bed, she hesitated for a moment while she watched Anne for a cue as to what to do next.

Anne walked over to the closet and pulled out a large robe and placed on the large chair. Then she removed her night shirt and climbed into the large king-size bed. Jen walked over to the chair on her side of the bed, pulled her nightie shorts off and her top and placed them on the chair and hurriedly crawled into her side of the bed. 

Anne turned to face Jen and without saying a word reached out and stroked her hair and face. She leaned in and softly kissed Jen on cheek moving to her lips. Once there, Anne kissed her softly at first then a little more passionately. As she did this she let her hand travel down Jen's body from her shoulder to her side proceeding down to her outer thigh. Anne caressed the younger girl like this for several minutes while she continued to kiss her softly. She didn't want to move too fast to be sure that Jen felt comfortable. Eventually, Anne moved her hand up to Jen's breasts massaging them gently. Jen moaned into Anne's mouth as her body responded to the older woman's touch. It felt like she was on fire and every stroke of Anne's hand on her body made her hotter.

Anne kissed down Jen's neck moving slowly and gently toward the young girl's breasts. Once there she paused taking the whole nipple in her mouth and sucking it gently. Jen whimpered in delight at what Anne was doing to her. Anne moved from one breast to the other spending equal time on each nipple. Jen placed her hands on Anne's head stroking her hair as Anne worked on her breasts.

Jen had never felt this kind of arousal before in her life. As Anne worked on her breasts, Jen could not resist reaching down with one hand and feeling the wetness that was building between her legs. She whimpered and moaned in sheer pleasure, pleasure that she had never felt before. She was so hot she could not stand to have the sheets and blankets on her. With her legs she kicked them off so that she was fully exposed.

Anne looked down and saw that Jen was touching herself. It was obvious that the younger girl had a little experience in self-pleasure. Anne debated whether or not to interrupt her at this point or just let her go for it. While keeping her mouth on one of Jen's small breasts, she took her fingertips and slowly traced a line from between the younger girl's breast to her bellybutton. The difference between Jen's pale white skin and Anne's tanned arm was an amazing contrast. Unlike her own belly which was toned and muscular, Jen's belly was soft and looser. It reminded Anne of her body at that age. Jen was not fat by any means, but it was obvious that she wasn't an athlete. For some reason Anne thought that was sexy.

Anne kept working her hand towards Jen's mound and upon arriving slid her hand under the younger girl's and gently began to feel her pussy. Jen's pussy had soft blonde hair that was a little darker than the hair on her head. It was apparent that a razor had never touched Jen's pussy but it really didn't need to because she was not naturally hairy down there. 

Anne ran her fingers through the young girl's pussy and noticed that her lips were swollen and she could feel the protrusion of her clit sticking out of its hood. Anne inserted a finger into Jen's wet hole and she could tell by the tightness that the younger girl was not lying, she was a virgin. Anne felt a slight sense of guilt over this fact. But by now she had already run through all of the red lights in her head. This young teenage girl had awakened feelings in her that she never imagined were there. How could she back out now? It would be so incredibly selfish to have received so much pleasure and then not at least try to return it. She had learned that from her years with Jim. He had always done everything in his power to satisfy her which in turn made her want to do the same for him. It was not in Anne's nature to receive such an incredible gift and not at least try to reciprocate. 

Jen could not believe the feelings of excitement and arousal she was experiencing. She now knew how Anne had felt when she pleasured her. Her whole body seemed to be responding to the movement of Anne's hand on her sex. She drew up her legs and spread them wide to give Anne more access. Anne moved her fingers slowly but steadily bringing Jen to verge and then slowing down. She wasn't trying to tease the younger girl but wanted to make sure she got the ultimate pleasure. Jen raised her hips to meet Anne's fingers whimpering ever time Anne touched her clit. Her breathing became labored as she felt the muscles in her loins tighten. 

Anne could feel it too and she knew these were tale signs of an impending climax. Anne took her finger and reached deep in the young girl's sex and found the G-spot and began to message it gently while keeping her thumb on her clit. Jen's legs began to shake. She whimpered and cried out, "Oooooh.... Ooooooh...." The wave that hit her was like nothing she had never felt before. It was like her body took over and her mind could not control it. Wave after wave rolled through her body and she thrashed her head back and forth in sheer pleasure. Anne couldn't believe how strong Jen's orgasm had been except that she remembered her own and knew that Jen was experience one of those rare mind-blowing climaxes. Anne kept the pressure on Jen's clit and G-spot until Jen's orgasm subsided. She then gently rubbed the younger girl's mound. All this time Anne had not stopped sucking Jen's breast. Once Jen calmed down Anne moved up and started to kiss her face and lips. 

"Wow, that was amazing," Jen said still out of breath. "Glad you liked it sweetie," Anne whispered in her ear. They kissed again passionately and sweetly. Anne stroked Jen's hair while Jen reached up and caressed Anne's face. The whole event had seemed so surreal and dreamlike to Jen. This incredible, sexy, experienced older woman had given her the best orgasm of her young life. Jen wanted so much to jump on top of her and do her all over again but she just didn't have the energy. All she knew was that she felt satisfied in a way that she never felt before. It was hard to put words exactly what she was feeling; contentment, warmth, serenity or something in between. She wished this moment would never end.

To be continued...