 (The continuing story of Anne and Jen)

Jen was impressed as the car rolled through the gaited community. As Anne pulled up to her in-laws house, Jen was even more impressed. The house was huge with a circular driveway and a large door. The inside of the house was even more elaborate than Jen could ever remember seeing. It looked like something out of a TV show or a movie. 

Anne's in-laws were nice and pleasant and very happy to see the kids. Anne introduced Jen to them explaining her predicament because of the weather. The girls didn't stay long and ran out to the car trying not to get too wet. The mall was only about 15 minutes away. It was an upscale mall and one that Jen and her friends didn't go too much because it was just too pricey. Anne drove her BMW SUV to a covered driveway and a couple men in red vests ran out and opened the door for the girls. One of them handed Anne a valet ticket while the other parked the car. 

The ladies walked into the mall which had a few people milling around but was not very crowded. "So where do you want to go first?" asked Anne. 

"I don't know. I haven't come here much. We usually go to the Riverside Mall. This is one was always a little over-priced for me," said Jen. 

Anne laughed, "I know what you mean. I don't shop here much either but I'm sure that the Riverview Mall is probably inaccessible right now." 

"Why don't we go and find you some new jeans," asked Anne. 

"Are you sure? For the price we will pay for one pair here I could probably get three where I shop. I would have to babysit for a month to afford them," replied Jen. 

Anne smiled, "Probably true, but then there are some shops here that you probably don't have in Chestnut. We don't have to buy anything but if you find something you like I will buy it for you my treat." 

Jen looked a little apprehensive, "You really don't have to do that, Anne." 

"I know," replied Anne, "But I want to if it is ok with you."

They walked into a large department store which was definitely set up for upscale shoppers. Jen couldn't get over how many different styles of clothes the store carried. Every once in a while she would peak at a price tag and would gasp. A simple dress was $350.00. She had to admit though that the quality and styles were much nicer than where she and her friends normally shopped. As the girls went through the racks they would pick out dresses and hold them up to each other to see which ones looked good. Anne couldn't remember the last time she had had so much fun shopping. Most of her friends kind of pulled away after Jim died. It was nice to have someone to do the "girl" stuff with. They laughed and giggled at some of the outfits and before long they had a handful of stuff to go try on. 

They went to the dressing room area which had couches and chairs along the outside wall opposite some large mirrored stalls. The stalls were actual rooms not like the stalls in the stores where Jen usually shopped. The individual dressing rooms where large with wing chairs on one end and a large mirrored wall on both ends. As Anne and Jen walked into the dressing area, the attendant gave Anne a key to one of the rooms and told Jen she would have to wait on the next available room. 

Anne looked at the attendant and asked, "Can we share one?" 

The attendant didn't even blink like it was a common thing for two women to share a dressing room, "Go right head."

The girls walked into the room which was at the far end of the dressing room area. The room had hooks to hang clothes on the wall directly opposite the doors. Jen and Anne hung the assortment of clothes that they were going to try on hooks on the wall. 

Anne unzipped her boots and took them off looking at Jen, "Do you want to go first?" 

Jen smiled, "Sure, what do you want to see me in first?" 

Anne reached up and picked a dress they had picked out that was black and it hung over the shoulder and was open all the way down the back to almost the top of her butt. In front it swooped low so that the gap between the breasts was exposed. Jen removed her sweatshirt and stood there topless with her jeans and boots. Anne smiled admiring how sexy Jen looked standing there in front of her. Jen unzipped her boots removing them followed by her jeans. Anne helped the younger girl put on the dress. Jen couldn't believe how nice it looked on her. 

"The only thing missing is some nice heels to go with it," said Anne. They admired the look in the mirror. Anne thought the dress really looked nice on the younger girl. 

"So what do you think?" asked Anne. 

"It's awesome! I just don't know when I would wear it," answered Jen. 

"The occasion will happen and it's nice to know that you have it if you need it," answered Anne.

Jen looked at the price tag and gasped. "Anne, even on sale this dress cost $600.00. That's too much to spend on a dress that I might wear only once," exclaimed Jen. 

"Honey, do you like it?" asked Anne. 

"Well, yeah, but I like a Jaguar too that doesn't mean I can have one." 

Anne laughed, "Jen, don't worry about the price ok. If you like it then we'll get it. Money is not a big deal for me right now so don't you sweat ok. Splurging on you makes me happy," Anne explained as she placed her hands on Jen's hips and put her chip on her shoulder. 

"Well, if it makes you happy..." Jen said still a little unsure. "I bet this dress would look great on you," Jen said looking at Anne through the mirror.

Anne got lost in thought for moment, "It reminds me of some of the dresses I wore at the galas and dances that Jim and I went to with his firm or on legal convention we attended through the years. Jim had this thing about showing me off to his colleagues or peers." 

Jen smiled, "I don't blame him one bit. I know I would show you off too if I had the chance." 

Anne spanked her gently on the backside, "Oh, you would, wouldn't you?" Anne helped Jen out of the dress while still talking, "He got a kick out of the way guys tripped over each other trying to get close to me or asked me to dance." Anne took off her sweater and jeans, removed her bra and then surprised Jen by taking off her panties before slipping on the dress. 

"So, did you go commando to those galas?" asked Jen with a tone of surprise. 

"Sometimes I did. I would lean into Jim while walking into the ballroom and whisper in his ear, 'Underneath this dress I'm totally naked,' which he would interpret to mean that I was not wearing any underwear. He would smile and reach down and squeeze my ass. Guys would begin to lineup to ask me to dance trying to get a look down my dress. The look in their eyes when they would let their hand drop down to my ass and realized that I was no wearing any panties was priceless." 

Jen smiled and shook her head, "Mrs. Morris, you are one naughty MILF!" Anne smiled as both women admired the look in the mirror. 

"Well, one thing is for sure, that looks much more appealing on you that it will ever look on me," said Jen. 

Anne smiled, "I'm sure we can find something that brings out the sexy features of your body and figure. It's just a matter finding the right cut for you." Jen looking at her and still amazed at how sexy Anne looked said, "That maybe true but honestly you can make a burlap sack look sexy." 

Anne laughed, "Well, thank you Jen that is sweet of you to say." 

She turned around and looked at the younger girl standing there in her panties and nothing else and leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips. Jen responded and they kissed tenderly for few minutes. Jen took Anne by hand led her to one of the chairs at the other end of the room. She lifted the dress off Anne's body and laid it on the twin chair which was on the other side of a small table that separated them. She gently guided Anne making her sit on the large wing chair and kneeled down in front of her stroking her inner thighs with her hands.

"What are you doing?" asked Anne almost in a whisper. 

"Shhhh... just enjoy," replied Jen. 

"I don't think we should be doing this in here," whispered Anne again. 

"What Mrs. Commando letting guys look down her dress is now shy?" responded Jen as she leaned in starting to kiss Anne's inner thigh and belly. 

"What if we get caught?" asked Anne again in a hush tone. 

"By whom?" exclaimed Jen, "As far as anybody is concerned we are trying on clothes." 

Just as Jen finished saying that she reached out her tongue and licked the full length of Anne's pussy opening. 

Anne moaned, "What if somebody hears us?" asked Anne but noticeably aroused by what Jen was doing to her. Jen lifted Anne's legs so that her feet hung over the arms of the big chair and her ass hung over the front edge. Jen now began to lick in a slow but steady pace. She reached up with both hands massaging Anne's breasts while her tongue and nose worked Anne's pussy area. Anne reached down with both hands and held Jen's head in place stroking her hair and running her fingers through it. 

As Anne looked up she noticed the view from the other side of the room and it surprised her. The reflection in the mirror was so sensual that Anne groaned in excitement. There she was with her legs spread over the arms of the chair with the Jen's head buried between her legs. She could see Jen's bare back and Jen's thong clad ass in the air. The scene was so hot it made Anne's spin. 

She pulled Jen's head back and looked down and in breathless whisper asked, "Could you do something for me sweetie?" 

Jen looked up with her face obviously wet with Anne's juices and said, "Anything." 

Anne asked, "Could you take your panties off for me?" Jen was a little puzzled but she stood up and removed them laying them on the little table right next to the chair. Looking up Jen could see her reflection on the mirror behind her from the mirror in front of her. 

She smiled, "Oh, I see what you are getting off on." Jen kneeled back down and looked over shoulder admiring the reflection of her backside on the mirror on the other side of the room. 

Jen leaned in and picked up where she left off. This time instead of kneeling though, Jen got on all four and started lapping at Anne's pussy. Anne could see Jen's ass and pussy through the mirror. The sight was so erotic and Jen's tongue felt so good. Anne was once again moaning and panting. She tried hard to muffle her sounds but the pleasure was so intense that it made it almost impossible. She tried holding her hand over her mouth but that did little to silence her cries of excitement and pleasure. 

"God that feels good," Anne whimpered. 

"Shhhhh..." said Jen from down below. 

"I'm trying," whispered Anne, "But you are driving me crazy. Maybe we should stop." 

But Jen was not having any of that and kept her assault on Anne's pussy. When she clamped down on Anne's clit, Anne would raise her ass off the chair feeding more of her pussy into her mouth. Anne now had both hands on Jen's head guiding her into her hot pussy while her body moved up and down providing more friction on her clit. Her cries and moans were getting louder as her body build to a climax. Jen realized that Anne was unaware of just how much noise she was making and was afraid they might be discovered and thrown out of the store. Jen reached out and picked up her once discarded panties, wadded them up and stuffed them in Anne's open mouth. Anne bit down on the cloth which now muffed her cries and for some reason the sight she saw on the mirror was the hottest thing she had ever seen. Here was Jen's ass in the air while her head was buried in her pussy. Her legs were spread wide and now in her mouth were the baby blue panties that Jen had worn to the mall. She could taste that familiar female taste on them and could smell the familiar female scent too. All of this sight, scent, and touch stimulation was more than Anne could handle which caused the familiar spasms to begin flowing through her body. She came hard pressing her chin against her chest while pushing Jen deep into her pussy with both hands. Her ass came up about six inches off the chair causing Jen to have to rise to meet her. 

Wave after wave flowed through her body. Anne couldn't believe how every orgasm she'd had in the last two days was stronger than the one before. Maybe it was the fact that it was in a public place or the maybe it was the mirrors that allowed her to watch Jen eat her out. Whatever the reason this was by far the best orgasm she had experienced in the past two days. Anne couldn't believe how good Jen had gotten at this. 

She took the panties out of her mouth trying to catch her breath, "Oh god that was so good. I think you are becoming an expert at this." 

Jen looked up at her, her face glistening with her own juices, "I'm still learning but you are so easy to please. It's like you go from 0 to 100 in no time flat." 

Anne forced a smile through labored attempts to regulate her breathing, "Believe me, it's mostly you."

Anne lowered her legs and scouted down off the chair so that she was face to face with Jen and kissed her gently. Then something snapped in Anne's head. Something that had not taken place in over two years. All of the sudden she was lost in passion. She hugged Jen like if they had been long lost lovers and kissed her passionately, almost desperately. She ran her hands all over the younger girl's body squeezing her ass while burying her tongue deep in Jen's mouth. When Jen came up for breath Anne continue kissing her moving her tongue to her neck and shoulder. Eventually she pushed Jen down on the carpeted floor and went back to kissing her mouth and face. Jen opened her legs and Anne's leg fell between them. Anne started to grind her mound on Jen's as a man would do if he were fucking her. Jen pulled her legs up and wrapped them around Anne as both women made out. The heat and friction between the bodies caused both women to moan in each other's mouths. When Anne slid up on Jen's body she would deposit a streak of wetness on the top of her pussy mound which provided enough moister to keep them from burning each other. 

Jen, in the heat of passion, pushed Anne over so that she was now top. She looked up and saw the view in the mirror which reached to the floor and understood why it made Anne so hot before. The scene was so erotically hot. Anne grabbed hold of Jen's ass cheeks and pulled her up her body leaving a trail of pussy juice along the way. Anne then pushed Jen up over her breasts and shoulders until the younger girl's pussy rested right over her mouth. Anne could smell the aroma of arousal and see that Jen's pussy was moist. Anne grabbed hold of Jen's ass and lowered her body so that Jen's pussy made contact with her mouth. Jen whimpered in a high pitch voice as she looked down and saw that beautiful face covered by her sex. Anne's tongue fucked Jen's hole occasionally moving her body down so she could lick her clit. 

Jen looked up at the mirror again and the sight made her shiver with excitement. There lay Anne underneath her. Anne's nose would rub Jen's clit as her tongue fucked her hole and Jen could see all of this in the mirror in front of her. Jen was on fire. The same passion and hunger that Anne had sensed in few minutes ago that led her to attack Jen was now burning inside Jen. She began to rock back and forth on Anne's face moaning quietly and softly. Anne could feel the muscles in Jen's legs tighten as she built to the impending orgasm. Just as Jen began to peak, something inside her pussy gave way and juices started flowing soaking Anne below. 

Anne knew what was happening and opened her mouth over the pussy opening and started drinking it up as fast as she could. This juicy outflow tasted sweeter than she remembered the first time she tasted Jen. Perhaps in the shower it got deluded or maybe Jen didn't cum as hard then. Whatever the reason, Anne was getting a mouthful of Jen's pussy juices and it tasted wonderful. The younger girl shook and grinding her pussy on the older woman's face. Anne held on making sure she got every drop. She couldn't believe how turned on she was at the thought of doing this. She had always loved to have Jim cum in her mouth. It made her feel sexy and in control. 

When Jen came down she collapsed right over Anne's head. Anne scooted down and turned on her stomach facing the Jen's ass. The younger girl was lying on her stomach spread eagle on the floor. Anne kissed up her legs, inner thighs, and her butt cheeks. She spread the cheeks and licked the remaining juices that oozed from Jen's pussy hole. Jen moaned wiggling her ass. Anne licked up to the rosebud shaped anus parting the cheeks more. Jen's ass was covered in her own juices which Anne diligently cleaned up with her tongue. 

Jen moaned softly again, "If you keep that up you will have me going again in no time." 

Anne didn't respond but keep on licking and kissing every square inch of the younger girl's backside. She then moved up her back kissing and licking along the way. When she got up to Jen's head, Jen leaned back and kissed her. For the first time Jen tasted herself on Anne's mouth. She could also smell herself on Anne's face which glistened with pussy juices. 

Anne rolled to the side and both girls kissed each other for a few minutes. 

"I guess we better get moving or they will think we fell into a black hole or something," said Anne while running her fingers through Jen's hair. 

"We fell into a hole alright," responded Jen bringing a laugh from Anne. 

They got up and tried some clothes on picking out a couple of things that looked good on them. Once everything was in its place, the girls started to dress. Before Anne could get dressed though Jen came up from behind and hugged her. They stood there looking at the big mirror in front to them. Jen reached up cupping Anne's breasts with both hands. Anne thought back about the times Jim would come up behind her when she was in front of the bathroom mirror and do the same thing. 

"Mrs. Morris, you are one hot mama!" pronounced Jen. 

Anne smiled big almost blushing, "If you keep saying that you are going give me a big head." 

Jen reached down with one hand to small patch of hair on top of Anne's pussy and ran her fingers through it before rubbing her pussy lips. 

"I can only speak the truth as I see it," replied Jen. 

Anne shook her head smiling, "Girl we better get out of here before they send a rescue team in here to get us." 

Jen reached around and cupped Anne's ass cheeks, "If you say so Madame." 

As they started to gather their clothes, Jen got this mischievous look on her face. She reached down and picked up Anne's panties, looked up at Anne, and proceeded to put them on. 

"What are you doing silly girl?" asked Anne. 

"Well, since you had mine in your mouth, I think I will wear these." 

Anne smiled smacking Jen on the backside, "Whatever!" 

Anne picked up Jen's baby blue panties and put them on. They got dressed, gathered their stuff and walked out of the dressing room. As they handed the dressing room key to the attendant she smiled and winked at them as if she knew what they had done in there. Anne and Jen blushed and laughed as they walked out to the main mall concourse. They did some serious shopping and then had lunch in a quaint little restaurant on the second floor of the Mall. After lunch they headed out to get the kids and then back to Anne's house for the evening.

(More to come...) 