 Anne couldn't believe her bad luck. This was the third date in the last month and this one was the worst. None of them had been her choosing. They were set up by friends and family. It had been a year and half since she had lost Jim. Her husband Jim was killed in a car wreck. Although, they had been married only seven years, Anne knew that there were few men out there that could measure up to Jim.

Jim had been such a great provider, father, and husband. They met in college while Jim was in Law School and she was finishing up her undergrad. Jim waited until she finished Law School herself before launching his career. It didn't take long though because Jim was a brilliant lawyer. It wasn't his courtroom presence that made him stand out; it was the little things like how he treated his clients. Jim made partner just 3 years into his practice in a very up and coming firm. Soon, they both decided to start a family and nine months later Johnny was born and then two years later Gracie came along. Gracie was only 18 months old when Jim died. Both kids missed their Daddy immensely. 

Anne seemed lost for almost the first eight months. She missed Jim so much. All around her were memories of him. Jim had worked hard but he always made time for her and the kids. Jim had also been a great provider. He made an awesome salary and he had made sure that Anne and the kids were taken care of. He had taken out 2 life insurance policies, one when they first got married, and another when Johnny was born. Combined the policies paid out two million dollars to her and the kids. He also took out a policy that would pay off the house should something happen to him. Anne had no worries in that area, but all of that did not replace Jim in her life and she would just as easily trade all that money and the trappings for his presence. She missed the warmth of his body next to hers when they slept; his strong hands when they held her; his lips on hers and on her body.

Anne snapped out of the day dream in time to pull up in her driveway. The rain was still coming down. It had rained for six straight days and the city and surrounding areas were showing the marks of impending floods. Anne ran up to her door under her umbrella and overcoat. As she walked in she immediately saw Jen sitting at the kitchen counter with her books open and pencil in hand. Jen looked up surprised to see Anne walk through the door at 8:45. 

"Wow that was a short date!" Jen said with a tone of surprise. "Don't ask." Anne replied rolling her eyes. "Kids in bed already," asked Anne. "Yes, I think the rain made them sleepy."

Anne smiled at Jen and for the first time noticed how cute and sweet she was. Jen had babysat for Anne several times through the years since Johnny was about 2. They had met Jen and her family in church. Johnny simply adored her and he would through a fit anytime Anne or Jim would have someone else babysit him. Gracie, now three, also loved Jen and always asked when "Jin" (as she called her) was coming back. Jen had not babysat for Anne for almost year. She did some right after the funeral when Anne had some affairs to take care of but nothing for last 11 months.

"I can't believe how miserable it is out there. Between the cold and the rain I'm chilled through and through." Anne said as she took off her heels and hung her overcoat. 

"I think I'm going to make some hot tea, would you like some?" she asked Jen.

"I think I better get going before I get rained in and you will have to babysit me." Jen said noticing the disappointment in Anne's face. But she really needed to go home and finish her school work. Her senior year was harder than she had anticipated. 

"Let me call my Dad and let him know that I'm heading out just in case." Jen picked up her cell phone as Anne went into the kitchen and filled her tea kettle with water and turned on the burner.

"Hey, Dad, I'm heading out in few minutes, just wanted to let you know." Jen looked up and smiled at Anne as her Dad spoke to her on the other side of the line. "Really? That Bad?" Jen replied. "So what do I think I ought to do?" Jen put her hand over the receiver and whisper to Anne, "Dad says the bridge heading out of town is out and he's not sure about the long way around."

"I was afraid of that," said Anne, "I heard it on the news in the car on the way over here."

"Do you think I can stay here over tonight?" Jen asked.

Anne motioned for Jen to hand her the cell phone and held it up to her ear. "Mr. Clark, this is Anne Morris, how are you? I'm fine thank you. No don't mind at all, in fact, I welcome the company. She can stay as long as she needs to. No problem at all. Good night."

"Well, it's settled you are my guest for the night. So will you have some tea with me now?" asked Anne with a smile.

"Sure, that will be great." said Jen. 

"Well, you watch the kettle while I head upstairs and get out of these soaked clothes," Anne said as she walked up the stairs starting to undo buttons on her way to the top. 

Jen stared at her as she walked up the stairs admiring her walk. Jen had always been impressed with Anne. Even as a housewife and mom, Anne had that air of composure and confidence that Jen admired so much. She had always been impressed with how Anne and Jim had gotten along and how good they were together. She was absolutely heartbroken when she heard about Jim's death. Jen had missed the kids the past year and was so glad when Anne called her up last month to babysit.

The whistle of the tea kettle woke Jen up of her daydream and she walked over and put two tea bags in two mugs and poured the water into them. She picked them up and headed for the kitchen counter just in time to see Anne come down the stairs.

Anne was wearing a half sleeve night shirt that came halfway down to her thigh a with slit on the end. The first thing that caught Jen's attention as she walked down the stairs was Anne's legs. They were slender but muscular and well toned. She couldn't remember ever seeing Anne's legs before except under a skirt or dress and in high heels. 

Jen stared at them as Anne made her way down and then looked up to notice Anne smiling at her. Jen blushed a little in embarrassment for being caught looking. She hoped that Anne hadn't really noticed. They sipped their tea for few minutes in silence until Jen realized that she didn't have a change of clothes. Anne must have noticed the perplex look on Jen's face or read her mind because she said almost in the same instant, "I guess we need to find you something to wear if you are going to spend the night."

"I was thinking the same thing." Jen said with a surprised look on her face. 

"What size are you a four or six?" Anne asked trying to size Jen up. 

"It depends on the clothes. I can wear a four in dresses but I can't get a four past my hips in jeans, so I wear a six in jeans." 

"Well, you are in luck. I wear a four to six also depending on what items of clothing. However, to sleep in it really doesn't matter as much as long as it is comfy. Tell you what why don't you go upstairs and look in the top drawers of my mirrored dresser and find something to wear and I will pop us some popcorn and see what's on the TV. Maybe we will get lucky and find a good chick flick to watch."

"Ok," said Jen as she headed up the stairs to Jen's room. She hated to admit that a few times she had looked in Jen's drawers and closet to see some of the nice things that Anne had stored in them. Now she was going to be able to pick out one to wear. She remember seeing a silk purple two piece nightie (shorts and short-leeve top) and thought it was the prettiest thing she had ever seen. She walked into the spacious master bedroom and wet to the large cherry dresser and opened up the top drawers. She picked up a few items and held them up to the mirror to see how they would look. As she opened the third drawer she saw it. The purple nightie was there unmoved. To Jen it was the prettied thing she had ever seen. She held up the top put it next her body as she looked into the mirror. Her strawberry blonde hair and her pale skin seemed to match it perfectly. She wondered if Anne would let her actually wear something so nice. There was no harm in trying it on though even if she wasn't going to actually wear it. She took off her grey sweat shirt and held the nightie up again to her body. The silk felt so good on her skin. She reached around and undid her bra and her 34b breast with nickel size areolas and small nipples stared back at her from the mirror. She put the nightie top on and it felt just as good as it looked. She quickly took off her tennis shoes, socks, and jeans, and was about to put on the nightie shorts when Jen heard Anne's voice.

"Those would feel better if you didn't have anything on underneath them," said Anne standing at the door looking at Jen. Jen froze for a moment and then turned red in embarrassment. "I...I... was... just trying them on. I hope you don't mind," Jen shuddered.

"I told you to find something to wear. It appears you have and it looks great on you. But if you really want to feel the full affect of the silk on your skin you might want to lose the panties." Anne said with a smile. "Here let me have your clothes and I will put them in the wash for you and that way they will be clean for you to wear tomorrow." 

Jen bent down gave Anne her jeans and sweats, socks and bra. Anne walked towards the door and looked back, "Bring your panties down and I will wash them with my delicates," and proceed down stairs.

Jen quickly pulled her panties down and put on the silk pants. They felt so soft on her skin. They were loose and open at the ends and came halfway down her thigh. She looked at herself in the mirror and was impressed with how sexy it made her look. She turned sideways, first right then left, and then turned around to look at it from the rear. Her cute little butt accentuated it perfectly. She smiled as she turned back around and stepped back to get a full-length view. Her 5'7" frame, her pale white (with some freckles) skin, her long blond hair and blue eyes were made for the nightie, or at least she thought. 

"Still admiring yourself," Anne once again at the door. Jen blushed again. It seemed par for the coarse this evening. "Sorry, it's just that I never worn anything like this before." 

"Well, I think it's missing something on this cold, wet night," responded Anne as she reached into her closet and pulled out a matching purple silk, short robe. "Here this will keep you a little warmer downstairs."

"Wow, that is so cute," said Jen as she turned and let Anne fit in on her. They both turned toward the mirror and admired the look. "That looks better on you than it ever did on me," said Anne admiring the view. 

"That I find hard to believe," responded Jen. "You have an awesome body." Jen turned red almost as soon as she said it. Except this time she had company as Anne smiled but noticeably blushed too. As Jen looked in the mirror she was amazed at how beautiful Anne was. Even at 33 years old, she had not lost any of her youthful beauty. Although, she no longer had the features of teenager, she was still a stunning woman. Jen figured that Anne stood at 5'8" and possibly weighed 120 lbs. She had shoulder length brown hair and big beautiful hazel eyes. Her best feature was her beautiful smile which would light up a room when she walked through it. Jen had always thought that Jim was hunk of a man, but Anne was absolutely gorgeous no matter what she wore.

"Well, the popcorn is getting cold, let's get down stair and see what's on TV," Anne leaned down and picked up Jen's panties and she couldn't help notice Jen's legs and even got a glimpse of Jen's upper thigh through the opening in her shorts as they flared out when she moved.

Anne walked down the stairs and into the laundry room. She could not make sense of the feelings she was having. It had been a long time since she had any sexual contact. Eighteen months to be exact. But she had never been attracted to woman before. Even in college when all her friends were experimenting with same sex stuff she never was drawn to that. Anne shook it off her mind as just dating frustration and her lack of sex.

She started a load of her jeans and put in Jen's and set the washer, took a few things from the dryer and folded them and put them a basket and walked back to the kitchen got a bowl and poured the popcorn into it. She walked over to the den where Jen was already seated on the big comfy couch with a big blanket over her legs. Anne walked over to the fireplace and lit the gas logs and closed the door and turned on the fan. She placed the bowl of popcorn between them as she crawled under the same blanket as Jen.

"So anything good on?" asked Anne. "Nothing yet, but then you have about 1000 channels to go through," said Jen as she scanned the TV guide. "I know Jim was a sports nut and he got this package that has more channels than one can watch in a year if we watch one day."

Jen kept scanning through and she got to the movie channels. She scrolled through but nothing seemed to fit the bill. "Do you see anything you like to watch," asked Jen. "Nope, not particularly, but keep scanning and maybe something will hit us," said Anne.

Jen did as she was told and kept working the remote. As she got to the upper channels she started to notice titles that she had never heard before. She paused at one that had "love" or something on it that had just started and when the picture came on the 52" screen, it was scene of a blond woman stroking a man's cock. Jen's jaw dropped and she froze at the scene. "Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot those channels were on here," Anne said. 

Jen's eyes didn't move. She was mesmerized by the scene unfolding in front of her. Jen had had a few boyfriends in the past, but nothing really serious. A few had cupped a feel of her breasts and she had let one touch her pussy once but that was the extent of it. With the exception of some accidental nudity at home with her brother and Dad, she had never seen a man's penis before. Not one that big anyone. 

"Jen, are you ok?" Anne spoke to the teenager. Anne knew that Jen had just turned 18 and figured that this was probably nothing new to her. But the way Jen sat there glued to the TV she wondered.

Anne reached over and touched Jen's arm, "Jen do you want to watch this?" Jen jumped at the touch as she came out of the trance she was in. "Oh, I'm... so... so... sorry... what did you say?"

"Do you really want to watch this?" Anne asked again. "Ah, oh, only if you want to, I mean I don't know... I have never watched this stuff before..." Jen was almost babbling. "It's ok hon, I understand. I was a teenager once too. But, I don't want to be guilty of perverting you in anyway," Anne said once again with her reassuring smile.

"Oh, no, no... If you want to watch something else it's ok." Jen was now blushing profusely. If she could crawl under the couch she would have done it. Meanwhile, the scene on the TV was still unfolding and the couple was getting more and more vocal as the woman worked her magic on the man's cock. Both women turned to the TV and watched in amazement as the scene unfolded. Soon the man was going down on the blond, who Jen notice had very large breasts. Anne couldn't believe her eyes and much less the feeling between her legs. It had been so long since she had thought about sex. It seemed like all of those buried, pent-up feelings were now coming out and her mound was on fire. If it weren't for the smell of popcorn, Anne was certain that her scent of arousal would give her away. She wondered if Jen would notice if she reached down and touched herself. 

The scene on the TV grew hotter as the man began to pump his huge cock in the woman's pussy. Jen was glued to the TV. Never in her life had she seen anything like that before. The man's penis looked like an over-sized salami. She couldn't image a woman being able to take such a huge thing in her vagina. The more she looked at the scene the more she felt this tingling down in her private part. She had touched herself there before but she always felt guilty doing it which kind of took the pleasure out of it. Then it happened. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the blanket moving in front of Anne. She sheepishly looked over trying not to get caught looking. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. Anne had closed her eyes and was obviously touching herself under the blanket. She would open her eyes and focus on the scene on screen and then close her eyes again. 

Jen was now staring at Anne in complete bewilderment. But at the same time she too felt the heat rising from between her legs. Anne open her eyes again and happened to look toward Jen and the realization of what she was doing hit her like a slap in the face.

"Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Jen. I don't know what has come over me! I should not be doing this. I'm so sorry!" Anne was almost at the point of tears but her hand had not moved from under the blanket. Jen did not say anything but alternated looking from Anne's face to Anne's lap. "It's been so long since, well, you know what..." 

"It's ok Mrs. Morris. I understand. I'm not offended or grossed out or anything." Jen said and she meant it. The awkwardness of the moment was obvious to both of them. Where do they go from here? Jen turned back to the TV as the scene continued to get hotter. To Jen the thought of Anne masturbating right there in front of her was hotter than the scene unfolding on the TV screen. "I don't mind if you, you know, if you need to do that... I understand..." Jen heard herself say.

Anne, felt a mixture of shame and excitement. She was ashamed of having let herself lose control right there in front of her babysitter. What would her parents say if they found out? Hearing Jen's reassurance did little to alleviate the guilt but the fact that she was still extremely hot and horny left her confused and conflicted. "Oh Jen, I don't know if I should..." Anne said with obvious pain in her voice. "Maybe if we do it together?" Anne could not believe those words came out of her mouth. Had she just asked a teenage girl to masturbate with her? Before she could take her words back, there was shy "Ok," response from Jen. 

"Are you sure? You don't have to if you don't want you know?" said Anne again trying to find a way to back out before it went too far. "I know," responded Jen, "but I want to..."

"Jen, I have never done anything like this before. Don't even know what I'm doing," said Anne doubting herself. "Neither have I," replied Jen, "but I want to try it. I mean, I want to do with you. Does that make sense?" Jen asked.

"I don't know if any of this makes sense Jen, but I'm so horny right now that I'm about to pop." Anne said this with her hand still rubbing her clit. She noticed that she hadn't stop rubbing it the whole time. God, she was so horny. Had it been that long? 

"I know what you mean," replied Jen. "So, how do we do this?" asked Jen sheepishly. 

"Wish I knew," answered Anne. "Maybe we should begin by getting comfortable. Anne got up and went to the laundry and brought back a large beach towel.

"I think we need to put this underneath us so we don't ruin the couch," motioned Anne as Jen got up off the couch.

Anne laid the towel on the couch which was large enough to cover the whole seating area. Jen sat down and as she turned she saw Anne pull her panties off and find her seat on the couch. Jen looked down at her robe and nightie and wondered what she needed to do to get "comfortable." She decided to take the robe off and then sat cross-legged on the couch. Anne was seated on the couch with her butt scooted towards the edge with her feet on the coffee table. Jen couldn't get her eyes off Anne. Her legs were tan and muscular – not too muscular – but enough to show that she worked out and kept in shape.
