 This is a letter that I meant to send to a friend I hadn't talked to in a while, chronicling all the sexy times he missed in the year we couldn't talk. It wound up being a little bit too racy for me to send to him with a clear conscience, so I'm posting it here. Maybe someone will enjoy it. 

All persons mentioned in this are over 18 years of age. I'm supposed to say that this is a work of fiction and that any true names have been changed to protect the innocent, only it isn't and I haven't because I'm too lazy and the names are pretty commonplace. 

I always hoped I would get a chance to tell you everything you missed in that year and a half that you were away. It's a shame, you missed the most sexually adventurous part of my life. What I have to tell you belongs more between the covers of a Penthouse book than in a missive to a man I used to fantasize about.

As you know, I had been living with Tim, a tall, skinny man who has perhaps the most gloriously perfect cock that I've ever seen. We had been engaged for four years at that point, but the relationship wasn't going particularly well. The sex was always fantastic and would last for hours. He was very vanilla, but he could fuck for hours. We would do it in just about every imaginative way. He would fuck me in the front yard right up against my truck, against walls, on the kitchen table, on the side of the road, in the private airport in my parents' back yard, not much was off limits. He even liked to fuck my tight asshole, sliding his gorgeous cock in slowly, letting me get used to his girth and then fucking me until I'd had at least two orgasms and my pussy was sopping wet. He used to finish me off with one of my toys, making me cum so much I would scream for mercy, my body trembling, lungs gasping for air, but he knew no mercy. He would slide that huge cock into the warm folds of my pussy and fuck me until I came again. He would then slam his cock in me, his balls slapping against my ass as they emptied a huge load of cum into my cunt.

We couldn't talk though, and that's always the death kiss of a relationship, isn't it?

On top of that every month brought another wave of disappointment. I would walk up to him and soberly announce that I wasn't pregnant. We would sit and stare at each other, unsure of what to say or what to feel. As every month passed by it got a little more depressing.

The real complication started when I met her. As you know, I've always been uncomfortable around women. I'm not the best at talking to them and I can never find a good excuse to break the ice. I worked at a record store, which helped some. I could help hot women find whatever they needed, but it rarely went beyond that.

Walking into the store one day I passed this car that caught my eye. It caught everyone's eye. It was old, gaudy, and stood out in a crowd. Whoever owned it had taken an orbital sander to the entire car and then obviously taken several cans of spray paint to it. The result was a rainbow hodgepodge all over the car. Who would do such a thing? It was quite literally the gayest car I'd ever seen. I wanted to see who owned it. I saw the car a couple more times but I'd been unable to catch the owner. Labrys sticker on the back window, it had to be a woman, it had to be my type of woman.

I went to work and it was mostly boring for the next two hours. Then she walked in. This woman was gorgeous. She had the most piercing green eyes I've ever seen in my life. They were beautiful. Her name, as I would later find out, was Ginger. It was a fitting name for her, for more reasons than her brilliant auburn hair. She was a spicy woman, sweet with quite a bit of bite. She was my height and my build. She could have passed for my sister. My much hotter sister.

She walked right toward me, asked for a couple things, and I helped her the way I helped every customer. I didn't know what else to do. She obviously had her eyes on me, she asked me a few more questions that she could have figured out herself and she knew that. Was this girl interested in me? Not possible, she was smoking hot! I don't attract women who are smokin hot. It's just not me. I panicked. I fled into the backroom and out the back door, where my assistant manager was enjoying a cigarette. He's quite the ladies man, so I figured he would be able to give me advice. I lit up my own cigarette and explained what had just happened.

He waited until we had both finished our cigarettes and then he slapped me on the back of the head, called me an idiot, and told me to go get her number. I blushed more fiercely than I have have in my entire life.

I went back onto the sales floor and looked around, but there were no more hot girls in the store, let alone the hot girl I had my eyes on. Goddamnit. I walked up to my roommate who was working the register and told her about the girl. She confirmed that she'd rung her out a minute or two ago and she was gone. Then she started making fun of me. The girl had apparently been asking about me! About me! Of all people! She was a hot girl! Asking about me! This doesn't happen to me, not ever!

When my roommate and I got home that night, Tim was there too. Tina wasted absolutely NO time at all, telling Tim all about this girl who came into the store today and how hot she was and how interested in me she was. No big deal, Tim knows I'm bisexual, he'd already said he would be alright with me fucking another girl. He's also one of those odd men who DOESN'T want to watch. He gave me all sorts of tips on how to get this girl.

A couple of weeks passed and she finally came in again. We started chatting, where is she from, what does she do, what's her name. It was calm. It was relaxed. She looked just as hot as always, wearing a floor length gypsy skirt, a ratty t shirt with the sleeves and collar cut off, and a black bandana. She was definitely channeling the spirit of those WWII We Can Do It posters. She looked capable, tough, and yet somehow very very female. The message was clear: I wear lipstick, eyeliner, and high heels, but I can still fix your boat. I was instantly wet. I saw myself lifting her up onto the cd bins, flipping her long skirt up around her hips, grabbing the hair at the nape of her neck, pulling her head back, and biting the side of her neck as my fingers lost themselves in her warm, wet pussy.

Shit. She asked me something. Stay cool. Stay cool. What? Oh, no, I love sushi. I invited her to join my boyfriend and I at our favorite sushi place. She was visibly taken aback at the mention of my boyfriend, but she soldiered on regardless. She said forget about the sushi, how about we just get together tonight? There was a meteor shower, she had a great place to watch it, and she made a mean sandwich.

I was completely flabbergasted. I got her number and told her I had to figure out how to get there. She offered to meet me in the mall parking lot. I texted Tim and told him I was going out and asked him if it was okay. He congratulated me and said he was fine with it.

After work I went home and took a quick shower, I was so excited about everything. I had a date. I. Had. A. Date. WTF?? Whose life was I living, because obviously this wasn't mine. I drove my little Celica to the mall and met her at her car. Would you believe that she's the one who drove the rainbow colored car? I was blown away and thought it was just the coolest thing ever. I followed her to her lookout point. Best star gazing spot ever. It's about 30 minutes from the city I live in, right past the light house, at a fantastic deck built for bird watching.

The view was unbelievable. We were pretty far from any nearby settlements, the lighthouse wasn't lit anymore, and there was not a single cloud in the sky. We watched the sky fall until we grew cold, and then huddled under some blankets in the front seats of my car. We talked for hours about what we wanted to do with our lives, how our lives had brought us to this moment, our exes, our loves, our losses, everything. I was so in love with this girl already. She was fascinating!

I still remember the way I trembled when I reached across the center console and brushed the hair back from her cheek and tucked it behind her ear. I gently placed my hand on the back of her head, tangling my fingers in her hair, and drew her slowly in for a kiss. Her lips tasted sweet and soft, the kiss drew on and on. Then she opened the door and stepped out of my car. I was confused. I also got out of my car and loudly asked her what the fuck was going on?

She smiled slightly, bit her bottom lip, and beckoned me to her side of the car. Oh. I see. She drew me in for a kiss, wrapped her arms around me as she leaned back on my car, and slipped her hands underneath my shirt, then slowly dragged her nails down my back. I tried to bite back a moan and failed miserably. I reached up and grabbed her hair, twisting it around my hand and pulling her head back slightly so that I could bite her neck. She moved sideways quickly, successfully escaping my embrace. Again, I was confused, but not for long.

She grabbed my wrists, turned me around, and slammed my back against the car. She jammed her thigh into my crotch, rubbing it against my clit and my sopping wet pussy, grinding into me, teasing me. She managed to get both of my wrists behind me and into one of her hands, not that I struggled. With her other hand she had pulled down the collar of my shirt and sports bra, exposing my 38DDD breasts to spring's frigid night air. My nipples instantly hardened even further.

She took a second to admire my tits. I must admit they really are quite glorious and worth more than a glance. She let go of my wrists, it was clear that I wasn't going to struggle. I leaned back against my car, she ran her nails down my sides, causing my skin to shiver with anticipation, sending chills straight to my pussy. I came before she even touched me.

The next thing I knew my pants were off. She knelt down in front of me and buried her face in my pussy. She knew what she was doing. She slowly circled my clit with her tongue before burying it into my cunt. She tongue fucked me a couple of times before once again circling my clit.

I leaned back on my car with my hands folded behind my head. This was. The best date. EVER. I felt like the king of the world. Queen. Whatever.

She slid two fingers into my eager pussy and clamped her mouth down on my clit, sucking on it gently as her fingers disappeared inside of me. Her other hand explored the rest of my body, dragging her nails up the back of my leg, up my thighs, before gouging into my ass, pulling my hips toward her hot mouth. She trailed those same fingers up my hips, around my waist, tracing invisible patterns onto my skin. I came again, my pussy clamping down on her fingers as I moaned my delight to the frogs in the marshes.

God this bitch was fuckin amazing.

Something told me that she also liked it rough. I gently stroked her head, running my fingers through her hair as my after orgasm shudders subsided, then gathered her hair up in my fist and pulled her to her feet. She moaned and shuddered. I dragged her slowly by the hair to the back of the car. I quickly took off her shirt and then pressed her face down over the back of my car, I could see her flinch at the feeling of cool metal against her breasts. I flipped her skirt up and admired her perfect hourglass figure, her oh so grabbable ass, and her perfect pussy lips. What a sight she was. I hadn't seen another woman's vagina, other than my roommate's who was a nude model, in over 4 years. I stood there, drinking in the sight as she she shivered with anticipation and the cold.

Awkwardly I tried to maneuver my pants over so that I could pick them up. She tried to crane her head around to see what I was doing, but I held her in place. I finally managed to pick my pants up with my foot and retrieve my belt. I let her hair go, but before she could move WHACK went my belt over her ass cheeks. She moaned even more loudly than I had earlier when I came. She also wiggled her ass at me, wordlessly begging for more, which I gave her in the form of three more quick whacks. I pulled her off of the car and turned her around, both to let the cool metal of my car sooth her red ass cheeks and so that I could kiss her again, our tongues exploring each other's mouths.

I lifted her up onto the small spoiler on my Celica, which was handy as she couldn't slide off the trunk of my car. I leaned her against the back window and spread her legs. I teased her slowly, nipping at the inside of her thighs, drawing closer and closer to her honey pot, so close that she could feel my breath against her labia. Then I pulled away and began on the other thigh. This was my first time with a woman in four years. I was going to make it last. I was going to draw it out and tease her until my first touch caused her to cum.

I took my own shirt off, wanting to feel her skin against mine. I leaned over and softly bit the side of her breast, close to her areola, teasing her, always teasing. I dragged my finger nails across her breasts, starting from her breast bone and circling closer and closer inward until I was nearly touching her nipple, and then drawing away again to start all over again on her other breast. She was trembling and moaning, begging me to fuck her, begging me to slap her again. I pulled back again and brought my belt down on her thigh. I told her to be a good girl and wait. She tried for a while, but soon began begging me again, telling me that she was so close, telling me how badly she wanted to cum.

I took her nipple in my mouth, gently holding it between my teeth as I flicked it quickly with my tongue. I placed the palm of my hand against her pussy and gently pressed down, moving my hand in circular motions. I'm sure that there were people across the bay in Atlantic City that heard her cum. She tried to pull me close to her, but I pulled away and quickly inserted two fingers into her sopping wet pussy. I could still feel her orgasming around my fingers as I mercilessly fucked her causing her to cum again which quickly rolled into a third orgasm.

I darted into the car to grab a both the blankets and then I got up onto the trunk of my car with her, both of us with our breasts bared to the cool night air. We continued to watch the sky until the stars stopped falling, before begrudgingly putting our clothes back on and heading back to our separate homes.

On the way back to the house that I shared with my boyfriend and three other roommates, I was overcome with guilt. How did I let this happen? I never fuck on the first date. Not ever. I was lost in my thoughts the whole ride home along abandoned roads.

When I pulled into my driveway, I pulled out my phone to check my texts. There was one from Ginger.

"Meet me tomorrow in the park?"