 (This is the continued story of Anne and Jen. I'm sorry for the long delay. It's hard to find the find time these days. I want to thank all of you for your nice comments on the first five chapters. I'm sorry about the use of "gaited" in chapter 4. That's what I get for not trusting "spell check." I hope you like the twist that this chapter will take. I'm trying to keep it realistic so I hope this chapter keeps everyone interested)

*

The remainder of the weekend was filled with a series of tender movements where Anne and Jen explored each other in as many ways as two people could. School was cancelled on Monday but Jen was able to drive home that night. It was difficult for the two women to part after such amazing weekend, but life had to continue and Anne felt it best that they keep things as normal as possible. Jen agreed with that strategy. So every other weekend Anne would call Jen to babysit but they actually just stayed home and continued to explore their relationships.

Just before Spring Break Anne called Jen to see if she could baby sit over the weekend. Anne's baby sister Lori was coming to town and the two wanted to go out one night. Anne felt strange actually asking Jen to officially babysit.

"I would totally understand if this seems weird for you to do in light of all that we have shared. So, Jen please say so and I will find another babysitter," said Anne with apprehension in her because she knew the kids would have a difficult time with a new person.

"Anne, don't sweat it. What are friends for if not to help when we are needed? I would be glad to watch the kids anytime and you know it," replied Jen.

"Jen, you are amazing doll. I do you need to be available overnight if possible. Lori wants to go to the capital and we might not be back to the wee hours of the night. Is that ok?" asked Anne.

"No problem, I will be there right after school if you all want to leave early and get a head start on the traffic," replied Jen.

"Oh, that would be awesome. Thank you, Jen. You are a true friend." Anne meant it. She still felt a little guilty about asking Jen to do this but she was really out of options and she really hadn't spent a lot time with Lori in the past few years.

"You are most welcomed and I'll see about 3:00 on Friday," said Jen.

When Friday rolled around Jen was at Anne's door at 3:30 sharp. When Gracie and Johnny saw her they ran up to her and almost tackled her to the ground. It had been almost three weeks since they had seen Jen and they were thrilled. They showed her their new games and told her all the plans they had for the weekend. 

When Jen saw Lori coming down the stairs she was almost in shock. Lori was a younger version of Anne except she appeared taller and not quite as endowed. She was, however, absolute gorgeous. "Who ever put this gene pool together must have been drawing from the gods," Jen thought to herself. Lori had darker hair than Anne and as she approached Jen to great her, Jen noticed that she had the prettiest green eyes she had ever seen. Lori's features were striking. Jen could not get over how much she looked like her big sister. In fact, with the exception of the hair and eye color, Lori looked the picture of Anne in her wedding album. 

Lori reached her hand out and said with a smile, "You must be the famous Jen I've hearing about all day."

"Guilty as charged," replied Jen taking Lori's hand and shaking it. 

"That's all these two munchkins have talked about all day, 'When's Jen coming over?'" said Lori smiling at the two kids that were hanging all over Jen.

"Yeah, I have missed them too," replied Jen.

Looking back at Lori, Jen noticed Anne making her way down the stairs. Anne looked radiant.

"Wow, look at you!" exclaimed Jen. "Should I call a body guard for you two?"

Anne smiled, "I think we can handle ourselves, what do you think Lori?"

"Oh, we will manage somehow I think." responded Lori.

"Well, I don't know where you are going but I know one thing you two will be hottest women there." Jen said playfully.

"Ah, nobody will take notice of us, me an old widow and Lori a married woman. They will take one look at us and turn right on their tracks," answered Ann.

"We'll see," replied Jen, "I bet the guys will be tripping on their tongues trying to get at you two."

Anne and Lori laughed. "Well, we better get on the road. You have my cell as usual but I left the number of the restaurant and I will call you if we go anywhere else afterward," Anne said taking a more serious tone.

"We'll be fine," scold Jen, "Just go and have a good time!"

"We will definitely give it our best shot," said Lori as she head out the door leading to the garage.

Anne hugged and kissed the kids while she gave them her last motherly instructions. She leaned in and kissed Jen on the cheek and whispered a thank you in her ear. 

"Go and have fun," whispered Jen, "You deserve it."

Anne winked at her and went out the door.

...............................................

Anne and Lori did a lot of catching up in the car. The drive to the capital took about 45 minutes to an hour depending on the traffic. Anne had made a reservation at a five star Italian restaurant in the center of town. Lori asked Anne if she knew of a good place to maybe going dancing after dinner. Anne remembered a placed that was owned by one of Jim's friends not far from the restaurant. She wished that she had called ahead but it had escaped her mind. But she was sure that she could get in.

The girls had a delightful dinner complete with desert. The restaurant had a violin trio that played sweet Italian music while people ate. The whole ambiance was romantic and classy.

After dinner, the girls headed for the club owned by Jim's friend. As they drove around the front they noticed a long line that moved from the center of the building to almost halfway around one of the sides. 

"Wow, Anne, I don't think we are going to get into that place," said Lori. 

Anne pulled up the front and a valet came out to her car. Anne rolled the window down and spoke to the young man, "Looks like a long wait. How long would you say?"

The young man looked at Anne and said, "It's about an hour to an hour and half wait right now."

"Wow," replied Anne in amazement. "Is Mike here tonight?"

"Mike Tinsdale?" asked the young man.

Anne nodded in the affirmative

"Yes, Mam, he is," replied the attendant, "Do you know him personally?"

"Kind of, he was a friend of my late husband," answered Anne.

"If you like I can park your car for you and you can check with Antwan at the door to see if he can get Mike for you," said the young man.

Anne and Lori exited the car, the attendant jumped in while another one gave Anne a claim ticket. Antwan was hard to miss. He stood about 6'5" and must have weighed at least 250 lbs and none of it was fat. Anne thought he could have easily played pro football. His arms alone were the size of Anne's waist. Anne and Lori approached Antwan and the large African-American man smiled at them and asked, "What can I do for you lovely ladies tonight?"

Anne, "Antwan, I was wondering if Mike Tinsdale is here tonight?"

"I believe he is," boomed Antwan, apparently used to speaking over the loud music coming from within the club. "Would you like to speak to him?" he asked.

"Yes, if it is not too much trouble. Tell him that Anne Morris is asking for him." Anne wasn't sure if Mike would even remember her or not but it was worth a try.

Antwan got on his walkie-talkie and called for Mike. Anne couldn't hear the conversation over the music but soon Antwan made his way back to the Anne and Lori and said, "Mr. Tinsdale says to wait right here and he will be with you momentarily."

"Thank you," replied Anne still uncertain.

About five minutes later, Mike came out looking just like Anne had last remembered him. The last time Anne saw him was at Jim's funeral almost two years ago. Mike smiled at her and came up and hugged her. 

"To what do I owe the honor?" asked Mike apparently pleased to her.

"My sister and I came into town to kind of let our hair down a little and I thought that maybe we could check out your club. But I see the line is half around the block. You must be doing really well," responded Anne.

"Well, I wish you had called ahead of time and I would have sent my limo to get you." Turning to Antwan, Mike continued, "Antwan let's escort these ladies in."

Mike took Anne by the arm and led her into the club. The building was huge with lights flashing from the high ceiling and a large wooden dance floor that was flooded with dancing bodied. On the far end was a large bar that could probably seat 50 or more people. Above the bar there a balcony which Anne remembered served as a lounge area with tables, booths, and couches for people who just wanted to hang out. Mike led the ladies to one end of the bar which had two seats reserved and helped both ladies take a seat on the stools. 

Mike motioned for one of the pairs of bar tenders to come to him. A young man of about 23 and young woman of about the same age came over to Mike. "This is Anne and Lori," said Mike pointing out the women to the bar tenders, "Anne and Lori this Chris and Amanda."

Anne and Lori held out their hands and greeted the couple. Mike continued, "Whatever these ladies want to drink tonight is on the house and I will take care of the tip personally. You two understand?"

"Yes Sir!" came the reply from both. 

Chris turned to Anne and Lori and asked, "What can I start you with?" 

Lori ordered a daiquiri. Anne turned to face Mike and said, "I probably need to do something without alcohol since one of us needs to drive home."

Mike looked at her as to say, "Are you kidding?" He called on his radio for a guy named Andrew. When Andrew came -- another handsome, twenty-something young man -- Mike introduced him to the ladies. 

"Andrew," Mike instructed, "These ladies are my personal guests tonight. Whatever they need you get for them. When they are ready to leave I want you to get Oscar drive them home in the limo while one of you follows them in their car."

Andrew agreed saying, "Yes, Mr. Tinsdale." 

Mike turned to Anne, "Do you have your claim ticket for your car?" Anne reached in her purse and handed it to Andrew. 

"Now, if I remember correctly you are white wine lover," Mike said with smile.

"Wow, you have a great memory," responded Anne in genuine surprise.

"Andrew, you know where I keep some of my choice stuff in my office. I believe on the third row up about two-thirds of the way down I have two bottles of a really nice white wine that I picked up a couple of years ago. Go get it and bring to Chris," instructed Mike.

"Chris, when you get it, serve it only to Anne and when she leaves if there is any leftover give her the bottle to take home. Also, Andrew as soon as you can, reserve the VIP booth in the lounge area for them." 

With that said Mike turned to the women and said, "Ladies, I hope you have a great time tonight. If you need anything just ask Andrew or Chris and they will make sure to get it for you. When you are ready to leave let Andrew know and he will take care of you."

"Mike this is so nice of you. You really didn't have to go to so much trouble," said Anne with an overwhelmed look on her face.

"Anne, Jim was one of the best people I have had the privilege of knowing in my life. He helped me get this place and he was the only one who saw the vision that I saw in this place. If it wasn't for him I would not be where I am today. This place was as much his as it is mine. Next time you plan to come to town call me and I will be sure that I have everything ready for you," said Mike as he reached out and kissed Anne's hand.

"Thank you, Mike," said Anne and Lori almost in unison.

Lori looked Anne with an impressed look on her face. "Wow, do you have connections or what?"

"Believe me I'm as surprised as you are. Jim brought me here a few times but I don't remember being treated this good," said Anne.

Soon Andrew came back to the bar area handing a bottle of white wine to Chris. He popped the cork and served it in an elegant glass to Anne. Anne tasted it and it was just like Mike described it, exquisite.

Anne and Lori scouted the dance floor trying to determine how to best approach the challenge of getting on it. As they both turned back to the bar Amanda appeared with another daiquiri for Lori. Amanda pointed with her head towards the other side of the bar, "This is from the guys over there," pointing at them. 

Three good looking young men waved at them from the other side of the bar. They all looked like they were in twenties and cut out of an Abercrombie & Finch magazine. Lori smiled and waved back. Anne just shook her head in disbelief.

Soon the young men made their way toward Anne and Jen introducing themselves. Adam was tall, muscular with blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes. Derik had a military hair cut with muscular arms and beautiful smile. Greg had black hair which made his blue eyes look even more stunning.

Derik asked Lori if she wanted to dance and without waiting for a reply whisked her away. The other two stood close to Anne trying to figure out who would ask her first. Finally, Greg asked if she wanted to dance and Anne accepted. About the time they hit the floor the music slowed down to a slower dance. Greg held Anne at a safe distance but close enough as to not make the dance too difficult. Anne appreciated his attempt at being a gentleman but moved in a little closer which Greg interpreted as a go to holder her closer.

It felt so good to Anne to once again be in a man's arms. At the same time she was conflicted. She had told herself that she had not given up men altogether despite her attraction to Jen the past few months. But a part of her felt like she was cheating for feeling this way.

The dance was soon over and Greg walked her back to her seat at the bar. Chris refilled her wine glass while she scanned the dance floor. The music was so different then when Jim brought her here. She loved to dance to swing music and even a little salsa. None of that was playing tonight. As she scanned the flood she saw women moving seductively almost grinding against their partners. Then she saw it. There was Lori dancing with Derik in the same seductive movements that the other girls were using. Anne could not believe her eyes. She almost had to pick up her jaw off the ground. First, Lori had one of her legs between Derik's and he had one his legs in between hers. Then Lori would spin around with her back to Derik and ride her ass up and down his mid-section. Anne could not believe her eyes. Her married baby sister was doing what she thought was a slutty dance with a stranger she just met.

When the music was over Lori and Derik made their way back to the bar. Anne noticed right away that Lori's dancing had produced a rather large lump in Derik's pants. As Lori got closer she smiled wickedly at Anne. Anne gave her a disapproving look like a mother to a teenage daughter. 

"What?" asked Lori. 

"Well, for starters you are married woman," said Anne discretely so to not be over heard by the guys.

"I'm just having a good time," answered Lori.

"I can see that," scold Anne, "and he is wearing it with pride it seems."

"I can't help that," answered Lori still smiling wickedly.

"Just be careful," warned Anne, "You don't want to start something you know you can't finish. Plus it's cruel to tease these poor guys."

"I'll be careful," answered Lori, "Plus that's what I got you here for to watch me like a mother hen."

With that Derik asked her to dance once again and off they went. 

Anne shook her head and smiled. Almost instantly Adam reached out his hand asking her to dance. Anne looked at him a little unsure seeing the kind of dancing that was taking place on the floor.

"I'm not sure if I know how to do that?" said Anne kind of hoping to dissuade him. But Adam would not have any of it and led her to the dance floor. 

"Just do what you feel comfortable doing," he said over the loud music. So Anne looked from side to side and tried to mimic the moves of the girls around her. She had always been a good dancer so it wasn't hard for her to get into the rhythm of music and moves. She would not have had any problems doing this kind of dancing if Jim was her partner. But she felt strange doing this with a complete stranger. By the second song she had down the nuances of the dance moves. To anyone looking at the dance floor it would appear that she knew exactly what she was doing. The movements of her body brought her ever closer to the muscular young man. As their bodies touched Anne could feel the electricity flowing through her body. Maybe it was the wine or perhaps the atmosphere but somehow Anne let herself go, not outright, but enough to encourage Adam who pushed the envelope a little further. When Anne turned her back to him, he put his hand on her hips moving her closer to his body. She could feel his manhood rubbing against her backside. After a few gyrations she felt something growing between his legs. She wanted to stop but didn't want to make a scene. When the next move brought her face to face with him she could see the desire in his eyes. That definitely brought back memories. Her leg touched the inside of his which brought it in direct contact to his now enlarged member. She could believe the size of it. It was aiming down toward his knee extending almost half way down his inner thigh. 

Mercifully the music stopped. Anne was about to turn and go back to her stool when Greg came up behind her.

"You're not leaving now are you?" he asked in hurt voice.

Anne appeared breathless and a little disoriented. "I was going to get something to drink," she said fishing for an excuse. But once again the music started and Greg took her hand bringing her back to the dance floor. Adam was still standing where she left him. Greg started dancing encouraging her to join him. Reluctantly Anne started to move with music. Within a few bars she was back into the rhythm of the music. When she spun around she was surprised to find that Adam was still there. Both men were dancing with her at the same time. Greg pressed in from behind holding her hips as she moved up and down. Adam pressed up against her body from the front putting one of his legs between hers while placing his hands on the side of her body. Both men were now pressing close to her body. When they stepped back it was her cue to turn and face Greg, Once again the boys moved in almost squeezing her between them. Anne could again feel the growing member in Adam's pants. "It must be huge!" she thought to herself. She could also feel the hard-on in Greg's pants. The heat between the two men was so intense that it was making Anne's head spin. She felt powerless and powerful at the same time; powerless because she was not in total control; powerful because she could make these two young, virile men react to her body in such an exciting way. 

Finally there was a pause in the music and Anne asked, "Ok guys I really need to go use the little girl's room." She made her way back to the bar stool where Lori was sitting looking right at her. 

Lori raised an eyebrow much like Anne had done to her. "This is different," said Anne breathless, "I'm not married."

"I see," answered Lori, "How about the being cruel part, because it appears that you got double the response I got."

"Like you said," responded Anne, "I can't help that part. I need go to the restroom."

Both ladies went to the restroom. When they came out they danced a few more dances before deciding to call it a night. As promised, Andrew and Oscar took the ladies home in the club's limo. Oscar drove the limo and Andrew drove the Anne's car. On the ride home Anne and Lori recounted the events of the night and laughed almost all the way home. 
