 I'm a cook. I love my job. The heat, the pace, the pressure - all in a good day's work. If you've ever worked in a restaurant, you know how it can be. Tempers run high, but at the end of the day, all is forgotten.

At my particular restaurant (and I'm sure many others), closing is left up to one or two servers and a cook. Those nights are often slow, and afford a lot of time for socializing. Recently, my favorite nights have been closing with Natalie. We both got hired at the same time, but she went home for the summer. Then, 3 months later, she came back and she got HOT. So of course, I spent most of my long closing nights sitting out in the bar with Natalie, just bullshitting.

"Hey gorgeous, come here often?" I asked with a grin as I slid onto the barstool in my usual spot. That greeting always got a smile and a giggle.

"Hey stud, tough night?" came Natalie's typical response.

This little exchange, our nightly ritual, was just the tip of the iceberg of our flirting. It drove the guys nuts that she flirted with me and hardly batted an eye at them. What they didn't know was that we'd known each before. We went to school together. We were never close, but when we started working together, we instantly bonded.

"So what are you doing after work?" I asked.

"I got wind of a great after party at Therapy."

"Yeah? Looking for company?"

"You up for it?"

"Of course."

We would often accompany each other out, even though our taste in venues was often different. We'd go to clubs and parties with each other and if we ever couldn't get rid of an undesirable companion, we were each other's loophole. It was a handy, if somewhat cliché setup. Therapy was one of our favorite bars. Being one of the only bars open after hours, from 2am to 6am on Fridays and Saturdays (well, technically Saturdays and Sundays), it attracted crowds from both the straight and gay clubs looking for more party time. It was a good mix for both of us.

"Cruising for guys tonight or are you just looking to chill?"

"I could stand to get some," Natalie said with a wink.

"Well if that's an offer, I'm sure it can be arranged," I winked back.

"I wish MJ could hear this....I'd love to see the look on his face," said Jill from across the bar, referring to the cook with the biggest crush on Natalie.

"That boy needs to get laid more than any of us, I think. One of these days I'll be nice and teach him how to pick up girls," I said as I sipped on my 'cape codder, no vodka' (a.k.a. cranberry juice...no drinking on the job).

"Yeah, 'cause that's working so well for you," laughed Natalie as I threw a pretzel at her. 

"So I've had a dry spell. Picking up straight chicks isn't easy, ya know, and it's been a long time since you've been my wingman," I retorted, now dodging the pretzel I'd just thrown.

"Well, stud, start living up to your reputation!"

And on it went. This is how we passed the boring nights until closing. Then we bust ass for a half hour cleaning, and head out to whatever late night party we've chosen that week.

This week I was dressed in my tight low-rise Guess jeans and my "give blood play rugby" t-shirt, as if anyone needed further validation of my dyke-ness. I had a blazer in case it got chilly, but in mid-may it was unlikely. I'm a tall, thin, athletic type with very short red hair. I keep it that way mostly because of my job...it's a lot easier to keep it short enough so that I don't have to wear a hat. A lot cooler too. And I can cut it myself. I have 5 tattoos (well, 10 if you count all the Japanese words individually). I like to keep my body toned, and when I have time to work out I like to go rock climbing.

Natalie is pretty opposite. Long, chocolate brown hair and matching eyes, curves in all the right places, unbelievable cleavage. She wore her tight black serving pants (she says she makes more tips when her ass looks good) and a simple clingy red v-neck top. She could make simple looks like that look unbelievably sexy. It's hard not to stare - sometimes I still do, and then I get teased about it for days.

Jill, Natalie, and I walked through the parking lot together to where the employees park. At 1:30 in the morning, you can't be too careful. We said goodnight to Jill and Natalie and I headed to Therapy.

"Ready? You think you can keep up with me tonight?" asked Natalie as we walked into the club.

"Oh, I'll drink you under the table tonight. Better yet, I'll drink you into bed with me," I replied over the thump of the music.

"Oh really...we'll see about that..."

We walked up to the bar and I put my credit card on the counter as the bartender started on our usual - double southern comfort on the rocks and a bass for me, sambuca shot and a cosmo for Natalie. We started on our drinks and surveyed the room.

"Guy in the black blazer just gave you the twice-over," I said.

"Check out the hottie in the little school girl skirt...looks like she's wearing a garter belt," she said, knowing my weakness for garter belts.

"Mmmm...yeah. Straight. I tried that one 3 weeks ago."

"What about him? In the ripped jeans...oh what an ass!"

"Queer as a football bat honey."

"Damn. You know, you should just get a sex change. That would make my life so much easier."

"Hey, just because I don't have a penis doesn't mean I can't make your life easier."

"You keep trying....let's go dance." And off she went, pulling me on to the crowded floor. We had more drinks and danced for a while before she wandered off with the guy in the blazer. After 20 minutes I headed back to the bar, figuring that was it for the night...usually she'd have come for me already if she needed me. I had a couple more drinks when she suddenly appeared at my side again.

"Ok, so he's a loser. A very dense loser. Help." And she walked off. That was my cue, time to be the backup. I made my way over to the table they were at and she grabbed my hand.

"Oh, Jim. This is Ari, the girl I told you about."

"Right. Your....roommate? Pleasure," he said, shaking my hand.

Natalie pulled me down on the bench and put her hand in my lap. I tried to disguise my surprise and said, "yeah, my roommate."

"So what college do you two go to?"

"What?" I asked, "Oh...no...not that kind of roommate."

"Then what-" Jim started to ask but was distracted when Natalie grabbed my face and kissed me. I felt her tongue work its way deep into my mouth and again tried to hide my surprise. We'd kissed for effect before, but never with tongue.

"That kind of roommate," Natalie said when she broke the kiss. "Goodnight Jim, nice talking to you." And she motioned to me that we were leaving.

"Oh did you see his face? That was priceless!" Natalie laughed as she stumbled out of the club.

"Well it was nothing compared to the face I wanted to make when you put your tongue down my throat!"

"What, you didn't like kissing me?"

"No, I liked it a lot. I was exaggerating. But seriously, if you don't want me to follow you home and jump your bones, that was not the best plan of action."

"Well who says that's not what I want? Here - I'm not driving. Poor Jim bought me 5 more cosmos," Natalie said, handing me her keys and wobbling slightly. I stood there for a second, unsure of what to think, then helped her to the car.

I drove us to a diner - I had the drunk munchies and she needed to sober up some. We'd have to pick up my car the next day. After a little while, and a large stack of pancakes, Natalie stopped wobbling so much and started speaking more coherently, so I suggested we head to my place and she could sleep in my guest room.

We got to my place, and I went to take a shower. Natalie had been there enough to know her way around. When I got out of my shower I was surprised to find her sitting on my bed. I went into my closet to get ready for bed.

"So I've been thinking about that kiss..."

"Yeah?" I said as I pulled on boxers and a t-shirt. Natalie was already in (my) pajamas.

"Yeah. It was nice."

"Yeah, it was." I got into bed, and she got in next to me. My heart was pounding. I thought I must be dreaming. So many times I'd fought with myself to push aside my desire for her and reminded myself that she was my best friend. So many times I'd lie awake wishing I could have brought her home instead of some jackass from a club. And here she was.

"Maybe....maybe we could do it again?"

I searched her face for any signs that she was teasing me, or still drunk, and found nothing but burning lust in her eyes. She must have seen it in mine too, because she put her hand on my cheek and kissed me again. Slowly, deeply, her tongue explored every inch of my mouth. Then she broke the kiss and started laughing.

"What?"

"You always said you'd drink me into bed with you...and here I am."

"Here you are..." And this time I kissed her, massaging her tongue with my own, my hand going for the buttons on her (my) pajamas. I moved down her neck, leaving a wet trail of kisses as I went. I undid the buttons slowly and kissed each new bit of flesh that was revealed. She sat up and pulled the top off, and grabbed my face and kissed me hard.

"I want you..." she said between kisses.

Any hesitation I still had evaporated. I rolled her over so I was straddling her, still locked to her delicious mouth. Her hands were at my waist, tugging my shirt up. I let go of her lips long enough for her to pull my shirt off. Her hands trailed up my back, lighting my skin on fire. I leaned down to kiss her neck, starting at her ear and working down. I bit down slightly on her shoulder, at which she gasped. I kissed further down to her left nipple and took it between my teeth. I pulled on it gently and Natalie gasped louder, arching slightly off the bed. I licked little circles around her nipple, eliciting a moan from her lips before I bit down again, drawing another moan out of her. I licked my way over to the right nipple and started sucking on it. At this point Natalie's hand moved to the back of my head. She moaned and arched up into my mouth as my tongue flicked rapidly over her nipple.

I replaced my mouth with my hand, gently caressing both breasts and kissed my way up to her mouth again. I wanted to taste her so badly but I didn't want to rush. The look in her eyes told me she was ready and didn't want to wait. I got off the bed and said, "you need to be naked." She smiled and pulled of what remained of her clothing. God she was sexy. She looked at me and spread her legs, giving me a full view of her gorgeous shaved pussy. I climbed back onto the bed and kissed up her luscious legs, alternating from one thigh to the other. By the time I reached her pussy, her hips were rocking and I could see her glistening wetness.

"God, Ari, just eat me....Fuck I can't wait any longer!"

I was more than happy to oblige the beautiful woman in my bed. I lightly licked her pussy lips, my first taste. She tasted so sweet. I tickled her labia with the tip of my tongue just before plunging it as deep inside her as it would go. Natalie released an animal moan and thrust her cunt into my face. I reached up to massage her breasts as I fucked her with my tongue - in and out, as deep as I could go. I loved the sound of her moans. I replaced my tongue with 2 fingers which made her moan even louder. She certainly was a screamer. My tongue moved up to her clit and flicked little circles over it. I could feel her pussy walls clench around my fingers.

"Oh FUCK! I'm cumming!" Natalie screamed as I pumped my fingers in her pussy. I closed my mouth over her clit and sucked gently, flicking my tongue over it. Then her body tightened and she arched off the bed with a loud scream. I licked her clit until she pushed my head away.

She grabbed my head and pulled me up to kiss her. "Holy shit, that was amazing! Where did you learn that?"

"Practice."

"Oh my god you have the most incredible mouth..." and she kissed me again. When her breathing returned to normal, she flipped me over with a smile and said "your turn."

And with that she began kissing my neck, my chest, my stomach, then up to my right breast. She sucked my nipple into her mouth as her hand worked its way down my stomach. She pushed past my boxers, and I reached down to pull them off for her. Her fingers trailed lightly over my labia. She slowly pushed one finger inside of me and worked it around, massaging my walls. Soon it was joined by a second, thrusting in and out of my cunt. She kissed her way down my stomach and blew gently on my clit. She was driving me crazy. My hips were rocking against her hand and I was moaning her name loudly. She licked a slow circle around my clit, not making direct contact.

"Oh fuck Natalie, don't tease me anymore!"

"She licked my clit rapidly, back and forth, not relenting, causing my orgasm to build quickly. Her tongue moved faster and faster until my orgasm crashed over me, wave after incredible wave of pleasure hit me. Natalie licked me through at least two, I'm not sure, not stopping until I pulled her up next to me and kissed her, tasting myself on her lips.

"Are you sure you're new at that?"

Natalie laughed and said, "definitely my first time." And she lay down next to me and we drifted off to sleep.

=====

The next morning I woke up alone, which wouldn't have struck me except I was naked. The night before flooded back and I got a little worried, thinking Natalie may have freaked out.

I pulled on my boxers and t-shirt from the night before and went downstairs. I was comforted by the smell of coffee brewing.

"Hey stud, want some breakfast?" Natalie appeared from the kitchen, wearing my pajamas again.

"Yeah, smells good...I'm glad you're still here."

"You think I'd leave?"

"I wasn't sure. I'm not sure of many things that I thought I knew."

"Oh. Right."

"I mean, we had a good balance...a good friendship...and I'm not upset about anything. I just worry that you might be."

"Well I realized last night, when we kissed, that there was no reason it couldn't be you...in fact you were the reason I couldn't find a decent guy. I liked what we had so much that I didn't want anyone to come between us."

"So...what happens now?"

Natalie walked over and sat on my lap, put her arms around my neck and kissed me ever so gently and said, "well, I'd love to be your girlfriend."

I looked in her eyes and she took my breath away, I was incapable of speech. So I kissed her slowly and passionately. She understood my answer.

"Excellent. Now, how about some breakfast?"

I ate my fill of French toast and bacon and coffee and then pushed my chair back from the table. I watched Natalie finish off her plate. Her hair was slept in and her makeup from the night before was a bit streaked, and my pajamas were entirely too big for her - and she was more beautiful than ever. She caught me staring and flashed me her incredible smile.

"Well," I said, "that was good. I'm going to take a shower. Then we have to go get my car, and you have to go to work." 

"Are you kidding? I'm not going to work. I traded with Jill, I'm working for her tomorrow. Today it's all you and me baby."

I laughed as I walked to the bathroom for my shower. 

After a nice hot shower I headed back to my bedroom. Natalie was sitting on my bed again, looking like the cat that ate the canary.

"What did you do?" I asked walking over to the bed.

"You know what would be really hot?"

"Um...120 degree weather?"

"No...You know how I always loved you in drag?"

"Yes...but hon, that takes a while to do..."

"No, I don't want you in drag. But I do think it would be hot if you wore this," she said, pulling out my strap-on. She must have found my box o' fun. 

I took the strap on from her and kissed her on the lips lightly, "all day?" 

"As long as I can stand, then I'll drag you back here and fuck you silly."

"Ok," I said, putting it on and adjusting the straps, "what are we doing today?" The dildo she chose was one of the smaller ones they sell for harnesses - 7 ½", and it had an extension that went below the harness to go inside me, so that I enjoy using it as much as the woman I'm using it on. This was certainly going to be an interesting day.

"Well Jill wants us to come by for lunch, and I need to go shopping for my sister's birthday party, so that's a start."

Natalie showered and we got ready to go out. Lucky for me she's a dress-and-go kind of girl, doesn't spend too much time getting ready. After the quick run to and from the club to get my car, we were on our way to the party store. Shopping with Natalie was an interesting experience. When nobody was looking she would fondle my crotch, which only heightened my constant arousal from the dildo inside of me. We had to get all the basic party supplies - streamers and balloons and all that jazz. Her sister was turning 24, but Natalie had chosen to do a kids party with a twist. She was getting ice cream cake and pizza and everything you'd expect at a kid's party, but what her sister didn't know was that it was going to be a sex toy party as well. You know, with one of those companies that send representatives out with trunkloads of sex toys and they go to your house and show them all. I found the whole idea pretty funny.

A couple hours later we were finally done and went for lunch. We sat in a booth with Jill, who joined us on her break. Once again, Natalie's hand went straight for my crotch. She slowly stroked the dildo which made the one inside me move rhythmically. I hoped Jill couldn't tell what was happening, and by her steady conversation with Natalie, I was pretty sure she couldn't. After we ate, I excused myself to the bathroom. I went upstairs to the employee bathroom - it was cleaner and besides, I didn't really want to deal with walking into a women's bathroom with an obvious bulge in my pants.

When I walked out, Natalie was waiting for me in the break room. Without a word I grabbed her hand and let her over to the "cage" - what we call our dry storage area. It's pretty much exactly that, a cage that locks, inside there's shelves of all our dry goods like cans, napkins, take-out containers, etc. It's not exactly secluded, but it's easy enough to hide.

She was thinking the same thing I was, because as soon as we got to the far corner, she unzipped my pants and lifted her skirt. I lifted her up and she guided the dildo into her pussy. She must have been thinking something like this would happen because she wasn't wearing any underwear. She wrapped her legs tightly around me and grabbed onto a shelf as I started thrusting the dildo in and out of her. I was so aroused already that it was all I could do to stifle my moans.

"Oh my god I've wanted your cock all day," she whispered, her lips brushing against my ear. She started moaning very softly in my ear with every thrust, and I could feel my orgasm building. Then, suddenly, she stopped. She lifted herself off and straightened her skirt and said "I've got a better idea, come on."

She walked out of the cage and went and opened her locker. She got her keys and opened up the manager's office (all closers have keys to it, just in case). I closed the door behind me and she sat down on the desk, spreading her legs wide. I knelt down in front of her and dove into her cunt. I licked her clit furiously, and hoped nobody came upstairs as her moans got louder and louder.

"Fuck! I want you inside me now! OH!"

I stood up and guided the dildo inside of her hot pussy. I kissed her hard and she worked her hands up my shirt and pushed my bra aside. She pinched and rolled both nipples as I fucked her hard and fast.

"Cum with me, baby, OH I'm so close!" She moaned.

I thrust a few more times and her legs stiffened around me. Her cries of pleasure as her orgasm hit her was enough to push me over the edge. My pussy clamped around the dildo and I shuddered as a huge orgasm rushed through my body. As we came down from the orgasm, I pulled the dildo out of her, and then took my pants off so I could pull it out of me. I was too sensitive to leave it in any longer. Natalie took it from me and licked it clean and put it in her purse. I put my pants back on and we left, locking up the office just as the second shift started arriving. We looked at each other and laughed as we walked out and headed back to my apartment.