 Lori woke up to the sound of the waves and of the ocean breeze blowing through the open French doors in the bedroom. She had no idea what time it was but by the brightness outside she knew it had to be late morning. She turned over and noticed that she was alone in the bed. Lori wondered to herself if maybe she had dreamed last night. Just then Anne walked out of the bathroom wearing a yellow bikini top and a floral, see-throw wrap tied at her waist. 

Anne looked at Lori and smiled as she walked towards her sister. Anne kissed her on the forehead, "Good morning sleepy head. Hope you slept well. Any regrets this morning?"

Lori looked up and smiled while stretching exposing her breasts as the sheets slid down. "No regrets here, not even an ounce," replied Lori. "What time is it by the way?"

"It's a little past ten but there is no hurry. You can stay here as long as you like," replied Anne as she made her way back to the bathroom.

Lori curled up again for a few minutes just taking in the ocean scent as it blew into the room. Her mind ran through all of the events of the night before. She felt a wave of contentment flood her mind. It was strange but she really felt no guilt or shame. As her mind drifted back to sleep her nose caught the scent of fresh brewed coffee. Now the urge to get up overcame the urge to stay in bed. So she dragged herself out of bed and went to the bathroom to do her morning ritual. 

A few minutes later, Lori stepped into the family room area and saw Anne and Jen sitting on the patio eating breakfast. Jamison was working in the kitchen. "Good morning Ms. Jen," called out Jamison in his British Island accent. 

"Good morning Jamison. How are you this morning?" asked Lori. "I'm going gorgeously, thank you," answered Jamison.

Lori walked out to the patio where her sister and Jen were sitting. "Good morning," she said as she plopped down on one of the patio chairs.

"Good morning," came the reply almost in unison from Anne and Jen. Lori noticed that Jen was wearing a dark blue bikini top with a blue floral wrap covering her legs. Lori was wearing a light blue bikini with dark blue flowers on it and a pair of white short-shorts. The table in front of them had an assortment of muffins, fruits, and cereals with a big bowl full of ice that held a container of milk and orange juice. Lori picked up a blueberry muffin and started to eat it. She all of the sudden realized that she was famished. 

When Anne finished her last bite she got up and walked around the pool towards the opening that led to the beach. There was a row of vegetation that extended about 50 feet from the pool area. The hedges were about 12 feet high and thick enough so that one could not see the ocean from the house except through a 10 foot opening in the middle. Anne walked through past the hedges and she noticed to the left a 10 X 10 canopy tent with three beach lounge chairs with two little tables between them. Behind them was a large cooler and plastic rack with several beach towels in them. Anne smiled shaking her head think that Jamison had thought of everything. Anne walked a little further past the canopy and looked down both sides of the beach and noticed that there was not a soul on the beach that she could see. 

She walked back to the house and sat back down on the patio chair as Jamison came outside to clear some of the plates off the table. "Jamison," Anne spoke up, "Can I ask you a question."

"Sure, Ma'am, what can I help you with?" replied Jamison.

"Well, I noticed that there is no one on the beach as far as I could see. Is that always the case?" asked Anne.

"There aren't usually many people on the beach on this side of the Island since most of these homes are private residents which are rented out. It so happens that the houses on both sides of this one are vacant this week. As you can see they are separated by several hundred meters and so even if there were people on the beach you would be separated by good distance," explained Jamison.

"One more question, if I may," asked Anne, "Would there be any objection to doing some topless sunbathing on this beach?"

"No, Ma'am," answered Jamison, "People sunbath nude along this beach all the time and no one bothers them."

"Really, nude?" asked Anne with a hint of surprise.

"Yes, Ma'am," replied Jamison in a matter of fact tone like it was no big deal.

Anne looked at Lori and Lori was already smiling with her devilish smile like this could lead to something wicked. Jen had a puzzled look on her face wondering where Anne was going with this. She and Anne had agreed before the trip that there would not be any messing around between them. Now Anne was thinking of parading herself naked in front of both her and Lori.

Anne got up from her chair and went inside the house for a few minutes and then came back out topless with a book in her hand, sunglasses on her head and a large beach hat. Lori and Jen watched her walk past them and then through the opening in the hedges and disappear to their left. Lori finished her drink and ran inside and almost as quickly came out also topless with her sunglasses and a book. She ran past Jen and disappeared like her sister towards the left. Jen sat there for a few minutes before deciding to get up and go inside to get her sun lotion and a book she had brought to read.

Jen walked past the pool and through opening in the hedges. As she looked out to her left she saw the pavilion tent which now only had one beach lounge chair left with the cooler and the towel rack. Her eyes then focused about ten feet beyond the tent where she saw Lori and Anne already reclined on their chairs. Jen picked up the lounge chair and dragged it out to the sun until it was right next to Lori's. When Jen looked up what she saw took her breath away for an instant. Both Lori and Anne were completely naked reclining on their lounge chairs. Jen froze for a moment unsure of how to proceed. Lori looked in her direction and Jen quickly diverted her gaze. She looked down at her body trying to decide how much to take off. She turned her back to the girls and undid her top to the bathing suit. Jen tied it to the chair. She did the same with her wrap. She then began to put lotion on her face, neck, and arms. 

Lori looked up and asked, "Jen, do you need some help with that?" Jen looked at Lori with a bit of surprise mixed with shyness. "Yes, if you don't mind," replied Jen in hushed tones.

"I don't have skin like you two. I will burn really bad if I don't have lotion on," continued Jen as Lori got up and walked to the teenage girl. Lori took the bottle and poured a good glob of the lotion in her hand.

"Turn around, let's start with your back," commended Lori. Jen turned around and moved her hair out of the way to give Lori full access to her back. Lori started to rub the lotion in slowly, almost sensually. At first Jen didn't think any of thing of it, but as Lori continued to move slowly, Jen couldn't help feel like she was being sensually groped. Jen dismissed it as her imagination. That is until Lori finished with her back. Jen was about to turn around and thank Lori when she felt Lori rubbing lotion on the back of her thighs. 

"You don't have to do that, I can reach..." Jen said before being interrupted by Lori.

"It's ok, I'll make sure that you are covered really well," said Lori. Lori rubbed the back of Jen's legs beginning at the bottom edge of her bikini bottoms down to her ankles. Lori could feel Jen's apprehension as she applied the lotion to first one leg and then the other. She tried to make the younger relax by talking to her.

"Jen, you have very soft skin. I envy you," said Lori encouraging the Jen. 

"Thank you, but mine is not as good as yours and Anne's. You both have such nice tone and it's so smooth." Jen cringed the second it came out of her mouth. But Lori just kept working on Jen's legs as though she had not caught Jen's slip up.

"Are you going to keep your bottoms on?" asked Lori matter of factly. "You won't get a better chance to get a natural even tan without tan lines."

"I don't know," replied Jen shyly. "That part of my body has never seen the light of day. I hate to imagine what it would feel like to have a sunburn down there."

Lori laughed at the younger girl's innocence. "Well, if you put lotion there and keep reapplying it will not burn."

Jen didn't say anything for a few minutes before reaching with both hands and removing her bikini bottoms. Lori helped her out of it and then resumed her lotion application. She moved up the back of Jen's leg up to her butt cheeks messaging the lotion on the soft backside. Jen could not believe how good that felt. She had not been sexually touched for almost three weeks. She could not deny how good it felt to have Lori touching her sensitive backside. Lori made sure that she messaged plenty of lotion into Jen's cheeks. Then, to Jen's ultimate surprise, Lori ran a lotion soaked finger through the younger girl's crack. Jen gasped and clenched her butt cheeks in a natural reflect motion. 

"Relax Jen," Lori commanded, "You don't want to burn in between the cracks."

Jen relaxed and Lori continued to apply the lotion between the cheeks. Jen couldn't help to think that Lori's hands and fingers were having an effect on her. Lori stood up behind Jen and instructed the younger girl to turn around.

"Ok, let's do the front side," commanded Lori again.

"Oh, I can do that," replied Jen nervously, not wanting to give away the fact that she was starting to get turned on.

"Nonsense," scold Lori. "I never leave a job half done." Lori spun Jen around so that the younger girl was now facing her completely naked. Lori took in Jen's body from top to bottom. Jen's pale white skins shined in the bright sunlight already starting redden. Lori poured lotion on her hand and slowly started to trace a line down Jen's shoulders. She slowly traced around the outer part of the younger girl's breasts. Jen's breathing became deeper and heavier. Jen felt a short moan release from her lungs when Lori began to message the lotion onto her breasts. To Jen it seemed that Lori was drawing the process out longer than it needed to be. But the younger woman couldn't help to think about how good it felt. 

Lori looked at Jen and marveled at the feel of the younger's skin and when she moaned at her touch, Lori felt a familiar tingle in her body. Anne had been right. She had told Lori that there was nothing like the excitement of knowing that she could turn another woman on. It was obvious that Jen was beginning to be aroused. So Lori continued to take her time message Jen's breasts with her hands and fingers. Jen's nipples responded to the touch by becoming erect and hard. Jen's breathing now picked up pace and with every breath her breasts rose up her chest giving Lori more access. 

Lori had this insatiable desire to suck on Jen's breasts which now glistened in the bright Caribbean sun. Before moving down Jen's body, Lori pinched Jen's nipples between her fingers making it obvious to Jen that Lori was now doing more than just applying suntan lotion. Jen looked up at Lori and gave her a sheepish smile. Lori smile back at her and then moved her hand down to Jen's stomach and sides. 

Lori kneeled down in front of Jen and slowly began to apply lotion on the front of her legs. Lori could not help take a deep look at Jen's sex which now was staring her right in the face. As she moved up Jen's leg, her hand got closer and closer to Jen's love box. Instinctively, Jen spread her legs a little as Lori continued to move up the inside of part of her thighs. Lori worked her way up Jen's leg until she was once again face to face with her pussy. Lori noticed that Jen's pubic hair was light and very thin. It was easy to see the pale white skin behind it. Jen had trimmed the outer part of the pubic area in order to wear her bikini bottoms without showing through. Lori took a little dab of lotion and worked right over the small patch of hair above the pussy mound.

Jen's knees began to shake. She couldn't believe how Lori's touch was affecting her. She could feel the heat building between her legs and the wetness gathering at the opening of her sex box. 

Lori looked up, "We really need to make sure this area is coated well or else this sensitive skin will burn and it will ruin your vacation."

Jen just mumbled a guttural response. Lori made sure that the area on top of the mound got a good coat of lotion. 

"I think maybe you need to lie down in order for me to get some of these newly expose parts. You don't want to burn down there, trust me. It will be no fun to walk around with a burnt bottom," instructed Lori as she led Jen to the lounge chair and had her sit and recline. At first Lori reached over Jen's body and applied lotion on the inside of Jen's thighs. Jen had her legs opened but stretch straight out. Lori got up and moved to the foot of the chair. This forced Jen to pull up her legs bending them at the knees. Lori looked up at Jen and smiled at her as she reached out and gently pulled her legs apart. 

Jen turned her face away from Lori putting her arm over her eyes covering her shyness and embarrassment. "I'm not going to hurt you, Jen," Lori comforted the younger woman. "I just want to make sure you don't burn. Believe me it's no fun."

"I know," replied Jen in very low tone. "It just feels funny to have you do that to me."

"Do what? Touch you down there?" asked Lori.

"Yeah," replied Jen.

"You mean you've never had someone touch you here before?" asked Lori as she ran her fingers the length of Jen's outer lips.

Jen moaned sweetly in a high pitch moan. Her arousal was more than obvious. Lori could see the moister building up at the entrance of Jen's opening. Lori didn't have lotion on her hand as she felt up and down Jen's pussy lips. Jen was none the wiser but her excitement continued to build. She felt guilty wanting to stop Lori but at the same time powerless to stop her own arousal. Once again, instinct took over causing Jen to open her legs even wider for Lori's exploration.

Lori didn't miss the obvious invitation and moved her fingers lower towards the opening. She pressed two fingers over the opening and instantly she was reward with Jen's juices that now pour out freely. Jen moaned again raising her ass from the lounge chair. Lori smiled knowing that Jen was now at her mercy. She inserted her middle finger into the opening eliciting another louder moan from Jen. Lori wiggled her finger inside Jen's pussy causing Jen to buck her ass up even more. Lori pulled her finger out of the younger's opening and brought it to her mouth sucking them clean. 

"Mmmmm," moaned Lori, "Damn Anne, no wonder you like eating this little vixen. She is absolutely delicious."

Jen's head snapped up looking at Lori with a horrified look on her face. Then she looked over at Anne with a face of complete bewilderment and confusion. Her head rotated back and forth from Lori to Anne searching for an explanation. 

"It's ok Jen," Lori consoled, "I know all about you and Anne. And no she didn't tell me. I saw you two making love the night that I stayed over Anne's house while you baby sat our kids. I thought it was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my life. I came on this trip hoping that you two would include me in. Anne and I shared a wonderful night last night of love-making like I have never had before. But we felt guilty that we didn't include you in it. So, we were hoping that you wouldn't mind if I got to experience what you two have if only for this week. But it's entirely up to you Jen. If you say no or feel uncomfortable at all, I will stop and I will not bring up the subject again. This will not change at all what you and Anne have shared and will continue share you should choose to do so."

Jen looked at Anne for some kind of reassurance. "Jen, what Lori just said is true. What we have shared is both special and priceless to me. I don't want to ruin it. So if this is way too weird for you just say so and nothing more will be said about it. But if you are ok with it, I think we could be in for a very exciting and fulfilling week. What do you say?"

Jen looked back at Lori and then Anne again and then Lori again. Her mind was overloaded trying to process all this new information. At the same time Lori had resumed touching her and her shock coupled with her arousal added to the mixed emotional confusion she was feeling. Could it be that Anne and Lori, sisters, actually had sex the night before while she slept? What about Lori's husband? Her mind swirled trying to visualize the two sisters having sex. She wasn't sure how she felt about expanding the circle of her sex life to add another person to it, especially Anne's sister. As Jen raddled all of these thoughts around in her head, she noticed that Lori's fingers were exploring her sex and that her body was once again responding to her touch. Jen closed her eyes and resigned herself to just enjoy the pleasure of the moment and sort the rest out later. 

Lori noticed that though Jen had said nothing, she not resisted or put a stop to what she was doing. In fact, Jen opened up her legs even wider. Lori scooted down so that she was facing Jen's pussy. While continuing to work her finger into Jen's hole, Lori leaned in licked the length of Jen's pussy. Jen's body bucked at the sensation. Every hair on her body stood on edge. Lori parted Jen's lips with her tongue and snaked its way towards the now enlarged clit. Upon finding it, Lori clamped down on it sucking it between her lips while using her tongue to flick at. Jen moaned out loud in obvious delight. Lori's sucked like pro on Jen's clit inserting a second finger into the younger girl's pussy hole working them upward in search of her G-spot. 

When Lori found it she was reward by another loud moan. Jen threw her head back and for the first time in several minutes uttered her first words, "I'm.... coming..." Lori took this as her cue to keep up the pressure on the clit and pussy. Jen threw her head back as the waves poured over her body one after another each one more powerful than the first. Lori held on to the younger girl until the waves subsided and Jen collapsed on the lounge chair. Lori released Jen's clit and moved her mouth down to opening lapping up the juices that now flowed out like a gusher. Lori licked her clean before moving up Jen's body until she was face to face with the younger girl.

"Thank you, Jen," Lori said softly, "You can't begin to imagine how thrill I am to be able to share this with you. I have been dreaming about this since the night that I saw you and Anne making love." Lori leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. She repeated this several times allowing Jen to catch her breath. When Jen finally opened her eyes she found herself looking into a beautiful pair of blue eyes. Jen couldn't deny the similarity to Anne's eyes and facial features. As Lori came closer to kiss Jen, Jen answered her kiss with one of her own. Soon they were kissing each other tenderly as each explored the mouth of the other. 

"I guess we are going to get some sun I'll need to move off you," said Lori smiling down on Jen.

"As long as you promise that when you need lotion I get to apply," replied Jen with a sheepish smile on her face.

"You got a deal, little girl," laughed Lori.