 "There's nothing better than looking out over the Hudson" I think to myself as I jog along the path. The summer sun baking my skin as my body sweats from exertion. My long brown hair bobbing back and forth, swiping my neck with each step. My heavy breasts bouncing up and down. I swear, even with two sports bras, they still bounce. Speaking of which, you know who had nice boobs? Jess, the bartender from last night. I could NOT stop staring at her tits in that white, tight stretchy shirt. That's how I get into trouble...first, I keep staring at someone's boobs, then I start thinking about boobs in general, then my pussy gets wet, and THEN I get horny. Lol...oh well.

I continue my run, thinking about boobs and getting hornier by the second when all of a sudden I hear "I thought that was you!" I turn my head and who do I see behind me but Jess the bartender.

"Hey...How are you? How did you know it was me?"

"I was tying my shoes when you ran right past me. I've been trying to catch up to you for the last half mile."

"Do you usually jog around here?" I asked.

"Oh yea. I live on 77th and its so easy to come out and run. I do it about three or four times a week. Funny how I never saw you before."

"Wait...you live on 77th? I live on 78th! We're neighbors!"

"Imagine that!! Well, if I'm not intruding and you want some company, I'd love to run with you."

"Sure. Sounds great!"

We ran next to each other and talked some more. I found out that she was from Virginia originally. She's 26, graduated from NYU, and never left. She wants to get into broadcasting but hasn't had any luck. While she was talking, I couldn't help but steal little glances at her breasts. God, they looked perfect, especially with her sweat making them look so shiny. I must have zoned out because all I heard next was "take a picture, it will last longer!" She laughed while I felt myself blush a little.

We got to the end and decided to turn around and head back. As we got halfway to our places, the heavens opened up with a surprise sun shower. We screamed and laughed as we became soaked from the surprise deluge. As we rounded the corner to her block she stopped and asked what I had planned for the rest of the day. She suggested that I go get changed then come over and hang out. I agreed and walked away. When I got home, I showered faster than I ever have in my life, threw on some comfy shorts and a t-shirt and ran back over there. She answered the door in a towel, her long brown hair matted to her shoulders.

"Sorry I took so long." She said. "I had to...ummm...take care of something first."

"Oh no worries." I said, sitting on her tan couch.

I sat and looked around her apartment. What a great place. And her view of the river is amazing. As I went to turn my head to say I loved the view, I saw her...in her room, rubbing lotion on her flat belly. She was looking down and didn't see me staring at her. Jess had a perfect, athletic body. Thick, muscular thighs, rock solid abs but still soft looking. Her tits were beyond amazing with perfectly round pink nipples the size of silver dollars. Strong shoulders rounded off her look and I was thoroughly in awe of her. Saving the best for last, I moved my eyes down to her pussy. Tight as tight could be and completely bald. I felt my breath catch and a twitch in my own pussy. I couldn't believe I was seeing this when I heard my name being called.

"Ummmm...yea...did you call me?" I stammered.

"Yea...can you come in here. I got a burn on my back and was hoping you could put some aloe on it for me."

"Uhhhh...yea. sure." I replied.

I walked into her room, which looked like a clothes bomb went off, and walked over to her. I admired her strong back and lowered my eyes to her firm, tight ass. Tan, muscular, not a single dimple... Everything a girl's ass should look like.

"I was at the beach yesterday before work and I burned the shit out of my back. I tried putting aloe on it but I can't reach it very well."

"Oh yea...sure. No problem." I said.

Now, I've rubbed lotion on my mom before and even my brother on occasion but never on a complete stranger. And a hot, sexy stranger at that!

Jess handed me the bottle and I tipped it. Squeezing hard, a thick glob of green aloe shot out onto my hand. I put the bottle down and rubbed the cool lotion between my hands. I got really nervous all of a sudden as my cool hands touched her hot skin. Immediately, I felt my pussy flood from the mere touch of her skin to mine. I rubbed my right hand first in a circular motion then my left hand joined in. I heard her softly moan as my hands glided across her red back.

I squirted more into my hands and rubbed them together again. This time, I began towards the middle of her back. I started in the middle and worked outwards. My hands began to tremble a bit as they came very close to rubbing the sides of her boobs. My pussy was on fire now thinking about how close to touching them I was.

I reached for the bottle a third time and squirted more into my hands. This time, I motioned for her to bend over a little and I began rubbing it on her lower back. My left hand rubbed hard but soft on her skin and I accidentally on purpose rubbed right at the top of her crack. She turned her head and smiled at me, then stood up and walked into the bathroom. About thirty seconds later, she came out in a white bra and black thong.

"Go wash your hands and then let's go grab some take out. We can eat while watching a movie." Jess said as she stepped into a pair of jeans shorts.

The rain stopped as quickly as it started and the sun came back out. Jess and I walked down the block towards Broadway to this amazing Mexican restaurant. Their burritos are to die for! Anyway, we talked more about her and her family. 

As I said, she's from Virginia and went to NYU. She told me that her Dad was in the Navy and when she was little, her and her mom, older brother and sister got bounced around from country to country until he was permanently assigned in Virginia. As a result she said that the three kids became very, VERY close.

We picked up our food and started walking back and we started talking about boyfriends and dating. She told me that she was dating a guy she knew in college but it didn't work out. She said that while he was a nice a guy, he just couldn't commit to her so she ditched him.

I told her about my last boyfriend, Charlie. He was a nice guy but very needy. He always wanted to know where I was, who I was going with, when would I be home. It got real old real fast. I told her that I've had so many bad dates with guys that for a solid five minutes, I decided to switch and just date girls. 

Jess stopped dead in her tracks and started laughing. I looked at her and said "what's so funny?"

Jess said "OMG...I totally said the same thing after Steve. I was so fed up with his bullshit that I said 'fuck it...I'm just going to be a chick lover'"

We both laughed as we kept going. As we got to the front door of her building, she turned the key and opened the door. Whole holding it open, she said "after you!" To which I replied "no...after you!". We both took a step and walked right into each other. Instead of backing off, we both pressed ourselves through the narrow door. As our bodies pressed tightly against each other, I could feel her nipples press against mine. Her breath felt hot on the soft skin of my neck.

We both popped inside and laughed but it was a different kind of laugh...more of a nervous laugh. We got to her apartment and she opened the door. We walked in and I sat on the couch while she ran to get drinks.

Jess came back with two beers and handed me one. We clinked the tops to "cheers" each other and then took a sip. Something about a cold beer and Mexican food that goes so well. 

"So...what should we watch?" Jess said. "Drama? Comedy? Porn? Action?"

"Did you just say porn?" I asked.

"Ummmm...yeah! Do you have something against porn?" She said in a fake angry tone.

"No. I just don't normally offer watching it to strangers." I replied.

"Well, now we're going to because you're being a prude!" Jess laughed.

"Fuck you!" I said.

"I'm sure you will...later tonight." She said under her breath.

Jess jumped up off the couch and opened up a drawer on the TV stand and pulled out a DVD remote, then crashed back down onto the couch.

She switched the TV input and immediately the image of a blonde getting fucked doggy style popped on the screen. Her audible screams followed as the guy slammed his cock into her.

"Pause, please." I said.

"What?"

"Ummmm. This just HAPPENED to be in your DVD player?" I said with a loud laugh.

Jess laughed loudly and said "hey...don't judge! Besides, when a girl isn't dating, she's got to take care of certain things on her own..."

I knew exactly what she meant. I love masturbating. I love how it feels; I love cumming; I love toys and dildos and especially my own fingers. I do it every day. Apparently, though, I've met someone who loves it a bit more than me. She's got it locked and loaded in her DVD player. 

Jess hit play and we watched more of this blonde getting fucked hard. You could hear their bodies "clapping" together as he moved in and out of her. As if my pussy wasn't wet enough from before, it was damn near dripping. I could feel my juice slowly sliding down my vaginal canal headed towards the opening and I became afraid that I was going to soak through my shorts. 

I took another bite of my burrito and washed it down with my beer. I looked over at Jess and she had this zoned out look on her face, like she was really concentrating on what was happening.

All of a sudden, the guy pulls out and the girl spins around and drops to her knees. She opens her mouth wide just in time as the first squirt of cum landed across her tongue. She quickly stuck her tongue out as the next four blasts of cum squirted all over her face, nose, eyes, hair and mouth, with the remaining drops spilling over her big tits.

"Mmmmmm...I fucking love that!" Jess said. "I haven't done that alot but when I did, it was so fucking hot. Have you ever done that?"

"Only twice." I said. "Once was in the shower and the other was with an ex. We were camping and he was supposed to shoot it on my tits but I leaned up too far in the dark and he shot it all over my face."

Jess laughed and then took another sip of her beer. The screen went black then up popped a shot of two girls hanging out at a pool. Both girls couldn't have been a day over 19 and their bodies further proved the point. One girl was a brunette with gorgeous big breasts and full pouty lips. The second girl was a dark redhead with pale white skin and a row of freckles across her nose. Her breasts were smaller and not as full as the brunettes, but equally enjoyable to look at.

Jess picked up the remote and began fast forwarding it. "I hate all of the talking. It's so ridiculous that they think we're watching for the plot."

"I couldn't agree more!" I said.

Jess stopped right as the redhead girl turned around as she closed the refrigerator door and the brunette girl was standing there. The brunette moved closer and ran her finger over the redheads nipple, which was hard from the cold air of the fridge. She leaned in and kissed her, timid and apprehensive at first but then with more passion. 

Jess moaned audibly and I decided to make fun of her a little. I moaned loudly as I watched the screen. She didn't look. I moaned louder and this time, out of the corner of my eye, I saw her look at me. Then she looked back at the screen. This time, I moaned really loud and in an exaggerated way. Jess spun her head towards me and laughed. I couldn't hold my laughter in any more and broke up laughing. 

"I know what you're doing and I don't sound that way when I'm turned on." Jess said.

"Oh really?" I replied. "And what DO you sound like when you're turned on?"

Oh. My. God. Did I seriously just say that out loud? I was thinking that to myself but had no intention of saying it out loud. I immediately felt my face flush as this wave of embarrassment came over me. I quickly looked down at my plate, then back up to her face. Jess was staring at me. I think I caught her off guard. She looked like she was thinking of something. I got scared.

In one quick move, Jess tossed her plate to the coffee table and lunged at me, landing on top of my body. She grabbed my face between her hands, looked me right in the eyes and then kissed me. Softly at first but then with passion. Passion that no man has ever shown me before.

Jess pulled away from me and sat up. "I'm sorry." she said. "I don't know what came over me. I saw you last night and thought you were gorgeous. I wanted to say hello but I got nervous. Then I saw you running and caught up to you. I was really having fun with you, which is why I invited you back to my place. I really just want to be friends with you but then you're sitting here watching porn with me and you look really cute and I just took a chance and I'm sorry!". Jess took a deep breath after that one giant run on sentence.

I didn't know what to say or do for that matter. I was beyond shocked. I knew I had to say or do something quickly to defuse the situation but what? What to do?

My body made the decision for me.

I tossed my plate on the table and this time grabbed HER and kissed her hard. She pulled away from me and using just her eyes, gave me a look as if asking if I'm ok with this. I pulled her back to me and kissed her again, sliding my tongue inside her mouth.

I leaned backwards against the end of the couch and pulled her down with me. Her warm body crushed down onto mine as my tongue explored her mouth. I could feel her nipples press against my chest as her tongue met mine. They danced around as if in some sensual trance. I grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her down on me, as if trying to get her inside me. I felt some rumblings go on between us and realized that it was her hand unbuttoning both her shorts AND mine! Once she pulled her hand away, I slid my hand into the top of her shorts and felt the very top of her ass crack. My pussy spasmed as I touched her hot skin.

Jess sat up and broke our kiss. I watched as she stood up and began walking towards the bedroom, shedding her clothes along the way as if leading a trail for me to follow. And I did!!

I got up and for every article of clothing of hers on the floor, I dropped one of mine. By the time I got to her bedroom door, I was completely naked. I stood there in the doorway, my hands on either side of the frame and I saw this gorgeous girl lying up on the pillows, her arms stretched out as of on a cross, and her legs spread wide. I slowly walked over to her, slightly exaggerating my walk so that my tits would shake for her. I stopped right at the foot of the bed.

"Tell me what you want.." I said, slowly cupping my own breasts in my hands and squeezing them.

"I want to watch you play with yourself." she said.

Happy to oblige, I slid two fingers into my mouth and sucked on them as if they were a cock. I got them all wet then went right for my clit. As soon as my fingers touched it, my whole body jolted as if I was shocked by electricity. With one hand on my tit, I masturbated for my new lover. I rubbed my clit in a circular motion stopping every forth or sixth time to dip them inside my dripping pussy. Over and over I did this and I could see the lust growing in Jess' eyes.

Jess raised her left hand and spit on it. Immediately, she put it on her clit and began rubbing. Seeing her big tits jiggle in place as her hand rubbed her mound was so hot. My lips parted and a moan escaped my throat as I watched her face wrinkle up. I knew she was getting close to cumming. 

I knelt down onto the bed and slowly crawled over to her legs. Starting on the right, I kissed the top of her foot, then her ankle, then up her thigh then across the top of her pubic mound and then down around the other leg until I got to her other toes. 

I moved up and lightly nibbled on her thighs. She moaned as my lips touched her soft skin. The smell of her lotion was intoxicating and made me hungry for her. I needed her. I wanted her!!

I moved closer to her bald pussy and took my time to explore it. First off, it was sealed shut, super tight. No inner lips hanging down or even protruding. She had plump, fat lips that hid her rock hard clit. She jumped as my fingers touched her pussy then she laid still while I continued to explore.

I placed my thumbs and forefingers on each lip and lightly pulled them apart, opening her up for me. The inside of her cunt was pink and dripping wet. I saw the tiny pee hole sitting there and I took my finger and began to rub it in small circles. She moaned as I did this. 

I looked further where the "meaty" part is, surrounding her hole. I wondered how much activity did this little hole see? How many hair brushes went in there as a teen learning to masturbate? How many fingers and tongues licked and probed that spot? How many cocks...real AND fake...plowed in and out of there? Again, I rubbed my finger over the hole, being careful not to go inside. This was killing her slowly. She was desperate for me to lick her.

I finally moved up to her clit. I pulled the hood back, completely exposing it. It stood up like a mini cock, all pink and wet. I looked up at her to see her looking down at me. I gave her a grin and slowly stuck my tongue out and gave it a firm but soft lick. She gripped the bed with both hands and moaned loudly. 

Her juices tasted sweet and I began my assault on her. I flattened my tongue and began licking her clit. Softly at first then harder. Her clit felt like a rock on my tongue. I began alternating between flicking it with my tongue, taking hard long licks and sucking on it.

Jess' moans grew louder and louder as I ate her out. Her cunt was leaking all over the bed. Only one thing left to do to get her creamy cum in my mouth.

I took my left middle finger and slowly slid it into her. Her back arched up off the bed and she practically came right then and there. Her breathing got harder and more labored as I finger fucked her while eating her out. I looked up and saw her big tits jiggling as her body began to convulse. 

"I'm...I'm... cumming...uuuuggghhhh..." She wailed.

Her body raised up then flopped onto the bed. I felt her pelvis buck upwards. My finger got caught inside her pussy and it was not letting go of it. I could feel her muscles spasming around it. She tried desperately to moan but nothing was really coming out. I continued to eat her and finger her as best as I could until her body finally began to come down from it's high.

I felt her muscles relax around my finger and I slowly slid it out of her. I gave her clit a final kiss and she bucked under my lips. 

She grabbed my head and pulled me up to her face and kissed me. Hard. Like she was trying to devour my lips. Our lips slid around each others easily from her pussy juice. She rubbed it all over mine. 

I could feel the heat of her body radiating into mine. Her skin was hot to the touch. Her dark hair lay matted to her face and the pillow beneath her.

She broke away from our kiss and half rolled me over. She climbed out from underneath and moved me back over. She straddled me, our pussies resting on each other. She leaned down to kiss me under the shroud of dark hair and then whispered

"Now it's MY turn!!"