 I stood in the small village shop thumbing through the sparse selection of magazines that far from covered the shelves, vainly attempting to find something that might help to keep me entertained for the evening. It was still a few days until my pay day and I found myself in my usual position of being rather short of funds until my pay cheque arrived. I could hear Susan Smith talking to Mrs Gwent, the shop owner, although I couldn't quite make out what they were saying.

Susan was a very tall, slim lady who I guessed was about 40 years old. Always immaculately dressed she was a very well spoken woman who always seemed to sport a natural sun tan. I knew it was natural as she seemed to holiday almost as often as not. Other villagers, who knew her much better than I, often commented about her jetting off to the South of France, a Spanish Costa or some other exotic location 'to catch a bit of sun'.

I glanced towards the front of the shop and noticed that she was wearing a full length tan coloured leather coat and matching knee high boots and I thought to myself that the clothes she was wearing probably cost her more than I earn in a month.

She was also wearing her normal style of 'dangley' earrings. They always stood out as she wore her blonde hair very short, almost cropped. I had turned back towards the magazines when I heard Mrs Gwent mention my name. Instinctively I turned around to face her.

"I was telling Susan that you liked to visit the Theatre." she said.

"I do like to go and watch a good thriller if I have the time and money." I replied, "There is an Agatha Christie play this week at the Theatre Royal in Norwich I wouldn't have minded seeing, but funds as they are, well, you know the story."

"Well Sarah," Susan said, "I have two tickets going spare for tonights performance if you would like them. I was going with a friend but she has had to call off at the last minute. I hate visiting the theatre on my own so if you have a friend, or a boyfriend who you would like to take you are welcome to them." Susan announced.

"That is very kind of you, and I do appreciate the offer very much, but I don't have anyone to go with, and besides, I can't actually afford the train fare to get there at the moment, but again thank you very much for the offer."

"Well then, why don't you let me treat you to a night out? I would really like to see the play, the tickets are already paid for, and they will only go to waste if we don't use them."

Being embarrassed by my lack of funds I came up with a couple of excuses as to why I couldn't go but Susan wouldn't take no for an answer. In the end I agreed and she said that she would pick me up at about 6.30.

I was a little surprised with myself for agreeing, mainly because I didn't really know her. I had occasionally seen her in the village during the two years that I had lived there but this was the first time that I had actually spoken to her except to say hello as we passed each other in the street.

Apart from both liking to visit the theatre I didn't think we had much in common. For a start, age wise, being only nineteen myself made us a generation apart. The lifestyle she led obviously meant that she didn't have any money troubles whereas I lived hand to mouth for much of the time. I lived in a small cottage where the rent and running costs alone took up the large majority of my wages and she lived in a very large house with huge gardens. I couldn't afford to run a car and she drove a new, expensive sports model.

Although we were both slim I was much shorter than her, there was probably about six inches difference in our heights. My red hair just reached my shoulders and as previously mentioned she wore hers very short. We do have two things in common physically, we share the same shade of blue eyes and are both very slim and small chested.

I chose the clothes for the evening very carefully. I didn't want to look like Susan's poor relation on our evening together. I had picked a dark blue short skirt, the hemline about four inches above the knee and a matching jacket, complimented by a light blue blouse. As usual I didn't bother with a bra, my 34a breasts not needing any support.

I made myself a quick sandwich and had only just finished eating it when the doorbell rang. I looked at the clock to see that it had just gone 6.00. I opened the door to see Susan standing in the porch.

"Hello Sarah," she said cheerfully, "I hope I'm not too early. I thought we might have a drink in the bar before the play starts."

She looked stunning. She was wearing a loosely fitting light pink semi-transparent blouse beneath an open black jacket and tight black slacks. A sexy, black lacy bra was clearly visible through her blouse.

"Come in," I said as I beckoned her into the hallway, "I'm almost ready, I'll just get my coat."

To say that the evening was a disaster would be an understatement of the highest order!

Susan's car broke down on the way and as a result we arrived at the theatre as the curtain opened for the start of the play so we didn't have time for our drink. During the play itself I found myself sitting next to an old gent who nodded off just as the play started. He then snored loudly through the entire first act.

During the interval we arrived at the bar to find a large queue had formed so we didn't manage to get a drink then either. When we were making our way back to our seats Susan tripped over a bag that a member of the audience had left in the gangway and the contents of the bag of sweets she was carrying went flying over the balcony to shower the poor unfortunates below. 

This was greeted by a load cheer from those who benefited from the unexpected free candy, much to Susan's embarrassment. This of course wasn't helped by me laughing loudly because I found it so funny. It did however have the effect of making Susan laugh as well as she soon saw the funny side.

The play itself was enjoyable and as it ended Susan suggested that as we no longer had the use of her car we would have to catch the late train home. She suggested that we should use the extra hour and a half to find somewhere to have a meal.

I told her that I felt a little uneasy with this as I didn't have any money with which to pay my way but she insisted on treating me as a way of trying to salvage something from the evening. How wrong she was!

We found a little Italian restaurant half way between the theatre and the train station. We both ordered a spaghetti dish and Susan ordered a bottle of white wine. The wine was very nice but the least said about the meal the better. The spaghetti was stone cold and the sauce burning hot. It was horrible.

Susan was going to complain but in the end we decided to finish the wine, leave the meal, cut our losses and leave.

The train ride home wasn't very pleasant either. The train was dirty and smelly and the heating didn't work. Two men, much the worse for drink, kept trying to chat us up and we were both relieved that we only had to endure a short journey of about twenty minutes.

We walked from the station to the crossroads about halfway between our homes and stood under a street lamp for a few minutes to reminisce about our disastrous evening. Susan said that although it didn't quite go as planned she had still enjoyed herself, and my company, and hoped that we could do it again sometime. I said that I would look forward to it.

She then leaned forward, gently put a hand on either side of my face and kissed my forehead before bidding me good night. As she did this I felt goose pimples run down my neck. Although taken slightly aback I found her actions to be very pleasant. She then turned away and started walking home.

It didn't take very long before another chance for a night at the theatre came along, just two weeks in fact.

I was sitting at home on a Tuesday evening when I was surprised to hear the doorbell ring. When I opened the front door Susan was standing on the doorstep.

"Hi Sarah, can I come in?" she asked.

"Of course you can, you're very welcome." I answered.

Susan stepped in. She was wearing a fully buttoned long black coat which I offered to take from her.

She undid the buttons to reveal a tight yellow top and a very short black skirt held up by a wide black leather belt. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her tight top moulded itself around her small breasts and her nipples pressed into the material. I couldn't help but think of how sexy she looked.

I took her into the lounge and she sat on the black leather sofa. Her top and long tanned legs contrasted against the leather seat.

"Would you like a drink?" I asked, "Tea, coffee, or would you like a cold one? I have a couple of bottles of white wine in the fridge."

"A glass of wine would be nice." she replied, shifting her legs a little to make herself comfortable.

Within a minute or two I was back from the kitchen with a bottle and two glasses and as I re-entered the room I noticed that Susan had slipped her shoes off and lifted her long, slim legs onto the sofa causing her skirt to ride even higher. 

"Here, let me do that," she said as she took the bottle and cork screw from my hands, "I'm quite a dab hand when it comes to de-corking a wine bottle."

I placed the glasses on the coffee table that was positioned in front of the sofa and then sat down beside her.

Why I sat there I don't know. I have two very comfortable chairs positioned opposite the sofa but something drew me beside her.

"I popped in to see if you fancied another trip to the theatre," she said as she poured wine into the large glasses, "Hopefully one that will be a little more enjoyable than our previous outing."

"Actually I enjoyed our last trip," I replied as I picked up the glasses, passing one to her and placing the other to my lips.

She went on to say that there were a couple of good plays being performed shortly and we decided to go and see one the following Friday.

Through the course of the evening we drank both bottles of wine as we chatted. I learned quite a lot about Susan that evening and I guess she learned a lot about me.

During our conversation she told me that she was fifty five. I couldn't believe it as I had always thought that she was at least ten years younger and she told me that she was surprised to learn that I was only nineteen.

On a few occasions during the evening our legs brushed against each others and although the skirt I was wearing wasn't anywhere near as short as hers there was nevertheless quite a lot of bare flesh making contact. I liked the feel of her leg against mine and when they did make contact I didn't make any effort to move away.

She made a comment about how much she liked my shoulder length red hair and asked me if it was natural. For some reason I replied that it was, all of it, all over. She smiled at this comment and ran the fingers of one hand through my hair as she placed the other on my knee.

It was at this point that I realised that she had been touching me all evening. I wasn't disturbed by this, in fact I think I was a little turned on by it.

As she continued stroking my hair I found myself placing a hand onto her leg.

A few moments later she suddenly announced that she had better be getting on her way home as she had a early appointment the next morning. I felt very disappointed that she was going to leave so soon.

As she left she placed her hands on my cheeks and kissed me gently on the forehead as she had done two weeks previously, only this time I responded by giving her a quick peck on her cheek. She looked rather surprised by my action.

After she had left I tidied the room and made my way to bed. As I lay there I couldn't get the memory of the way Susan had been sitting on my sofa, touching me, out of my head. I was beginning to get feelings for her that I had never experienced with anyone else before, feelings that I liked.

Our next trip to the theatre was very successful. A brilliant play followed by a super meal. I had just been paid and although it meant that I would be a little short of money for the rest of the month I was relieved that I could pay my way. I didn't want Susan to think I was free-loading and although she kept telling me that she was willing to stand the cost of the evening I insisted on paying my share.

When we arrived back in the village she invited me into her home for a drink and I eagerly accepted her offer. During the couple of weeks since we had last met I had constantly thought of that evening and the way she had touched me. I had never had any feelings towards another woman before but the thought of being with her excited me. I was hoping that she would touch me again.

I had purposely worn a short, tight top and short skirt so that if she did touch me, hopefully she would touch bare skin and I was bitterly disappointed that she had worn a blouse and leather trousers. 

Her house was immaculate and so big. She gave me a guided tour and I was very impressed. There were four large bedrooms and each had an ensuite bath or shower room. Her bedroom was the last to be shown to me and it contained a king sized bed and very expensive looking furniture. 

She told me that there was some wine in the fridge and asked me to go and select a bottle and open it as she wanted to change as her leather trousers were making her hot. I nearly said that it wasn't her trousers that were making me hot but rather the person wearing them, but thought better of it.

I opened the wine, found a couple of glasses and made my way to the lounge. I sat on the sofa and positioned myself in a similar position to that Susan had done when she visited my home. I kicked off my shoes and lifted my legs onto the seat. I made sure that there was plenty of leg to see.

As I sat waiting I could feel my heart rate rise and I was beginning to get a little excited with the thought that Susan would soon be coming to sit next to me. I kept imagining her gliding her hands softly up and down my leg. I didn't know why I continued to have these exciting thoughts about Susan, all I did know was that as each day passed I was growing more and more attracted to her.

At first I kidded myself that I thought of her as the older sister that I never had but over the past few days I had come to realise that my feelings were becoming less sisterly and more..., well..., I didn't quite know. But I did know that the feelings I was beginning to experience weren't the sort that you should have for your sister.

Why I should start to have feelings for another woman I didn't know. It is true that I had never had a proper boyfriend but then again I hadn't come across any boys who I particularly wanted as one, and I certainly had never before had any kind of emotional feelings towards another woman. And why Susan I asked myself. She was old enough to be my mother. Was just the way that she touched me, careful, gentle contact. No lingering and no attempt to grope, just soft, gentle touches?

My thoughts were broken when Susan entered the room and my heart sank as she sat in the chair opposite and not on the sofa beside me.

She was wearing a dressing gown and my heart started pounding when I realised that was all she was wearing.

As she leaned forward to pick up her glass of wine the gown opened slightly, not enough for me to see anything but at that moment I knew that I wanted to see what was under it. Throughout the rest of the evening I kept changing my position hoping to see a little more of her body, but to no avail. No matter what position I moved into or what movements she made the gown stayed firmly placed covering what I was now eager to see.

After about an hour of conversation and a bottle and a half of wine, Susan suddenly asked if I had ever seen Agatha Christie's 'The Mouse Trap'. I told her I hadn't but that it was definitely on my list of 'things to do'.

"Right," she said, "That will be our next theatre outing. I will treat us to a weekend away in London and we will take in the play while we are there."

I protested that I couldn't possibly afford a weekend in London but she insisted that she wanted to treat me and in the end I agreed to accompany her. She leaned forward and we 'clinked' glasses, my eyes were firmly on the front of her gown but again with no luck. Her body was going to be kept firmly hidden from my eager stare.

Susan assured me that she could obtain tickets for the weekend after the next and realising that it was getting late I told her that I had better be getting home.

She walked me to the door and as before she cupped my cheeks and kissed me on the forehead. This time I responded by giving her a peck on the nose. She smiled.

As I lay in bed that night I realised for the first time that my feelings for Susan were getting sexual. I couldn't stop thinking about her sitting there in her gown and imagined that it had fallen open in front of me. It was then that I realised that when I was thinking of her I had my hand on my pussy and was slowly caressing it.

The thought of her gown slowly falling open to expose her tiny breasts continued to pass through my mind as my hand continued to play with my now wet pussy. I imagined that I was still sitting opposite her and that I was playing with myself in her full view. I then imagined her parting her legs to expose her clean shaven pussy to me before opening her gown fully and pleasuring herself. 

My hand quickened its movements and within a few seconds I experienced an amazing orgasm. I turned over and fell asleep, only to dream of us together all night.

The two weeks seemed to pass as slowly as two years. Susan had to go away for most of it so I didn't see her again until the morning of our departure. 

We travelled to London by train and completed our journey by taxi.

The wheels of the cab had hardly had time to stop turning before the hotel doorman had the door open.

"Good morning madam," he said as her reached into the cab and took her hand, "How very nice to see you again. You are keeping well I trust?"

"Very well, thank you James," she replied as he helped her out, "And you?"

"Very well madam," he said as he offered his hand to me, "And this charming young lady, is she your daughter?"

I laughed as Susan said, "No James, this is Sarah, a very dear friend."

"Oh, I humbly apologise madam," James said.

"There's no need for apologies James, in fact I take it as a compliment your thinking I could have a daughter as delightful as Sarah."

Susan and I made our way into the hotel as James retrieved our cases from the boot of the taxi.

The hotel lobby was huge and it took a few moments to walk to the reception desk. A charming young man met us with a smile.

"Good morning madam," he said in greeting, "I took the liberty of reserving your usual suite for you. I hope that was in order."

"That was very sweet of you Christopher, thank you very much." Susan replied.

She took some keys from his hand as she signed the hotel register.

Within a few minutes we had arrived at a door on the fifth floor with a name shield beside it which proclaimed 'The Royal Swan Suite'. Susan unlocked the door and we entered. Inside it was like a palace, the main room was huge with a thick cream coloured shag-pile carpet covering the floor and long red rich velvet curtains adorning the four large windows.

James followed us into the room with our cases and Susan went to get her purse from her handbag.

He placed his hand onto hers and said, "Please madam, that won't be necessary." 

With that he turned and left the room, gently closing the door behind him.

Susan then showed me round the suite. The main room contained a king sized bed, a large four seat sofa, numerous tables and chairs including a large dining table and a very large wide-screen television was affixed to a wall. I looked above the bed and saw that a huge mirror was fixed to the ceiling.
