 It was a warm, carefree summer night for Felicia and Rachel. High school was over, but there was still time before they would be leaving for college. The two young lovers had spent the day at the beach before heading to a small concert for one of their favorite indie bands. Felicia particularly liked the band for their vocal stance on animal rights; Rachel just liked how they rocked. She also liked how the venue had had several small nooks and alcoves she could pull her girlfriend into to feel her up unobserved by anyone else. The shy Felicia would blush furiously and make half-hearted protests about doing something like this in such a public place. But Rachel knew all about her tremendous embarrassment over anything sexual, and never took it too far. 

They had been close friends since childhood, and last fall, after a few emotionally confusing and painfully awkward days, they had finally admitted their feelings for one another. Their relationship started off with some nervous uncertainty on both of their parts, but, taking things slowly, it had solidified, and they were now the happiest they had ever been in their young lives.

Rachel drove Felicia home after the concert. It was just after midnight when she pulled up to the curb in front of the house. Fireflies danced over the lawn and a couple swirled around them as they walked hand in hand up to the front porch.

"Well..." Rachel said when they stood in front of the door. "I guess this is goodnight." She started to walk away. As always when they parted, their fingers remained entwined and would stay like that until they both were at arm's length, when they would finally separate. Tonight, however, Felicia didn't let go. Rachel glanced back at the unexpected resistance with a questioning look on her face.

Felicia was nervous; or at least more nervous than usual. "Um...do you...do you want to come in for a bit?"

"Uh...y-yeah, sure," Rachel stammered and let herself be led inside the house.

Inside, they found Felicia's parents in the living room. They had fallen asleep in front of the TV, leaning against each other on the couch. The girls couldn't help but giggle at how cute they looked together. Felicia turned off the TV and found a blanket to drape over the pair. Her father shifted slightly and her mother made an uncharacteristically indelicate snort, but neither woke up. With the older couple tucked away, she once again took Rachel by the hand and led her upstairs.

In her room, Felicia used a couple of old sheets to cover the cage holding her pet rabbit and the bigger one in which a large doll house was now the home of some small songbirds. The girls then kicked off their shoes and sat on the edge of the bed sharing slow, soft kisses. Rachel was not groping and pawing like at the concert, that had really only been to hear the adorable little squeaks Felicia would make. Here and now was something different. So she was gentle; a light touch on her hip, a soft stroke up her side, one hand cupping her cheek. And Felicia responded, melting closer in their embrace, caressing her love in return, tangling her fingers in Rachel's multicolor dyed hair.

Rachel began making her way down Felicia's neck, kissing and nibbling lightly at the sensitive skin of her throat. Felicia suddenly pushed her away with a gentle pressure. "Um, I-I just need to..." she gestured toward the door leading to the attached bathroom.

"Oh! Right, right." Rachel moved her hands to let her get up and watched her until she closed the door. She looked around the room while she waited. Felicia's room was decorated with posters of animals, a litter of puppies, an orangutan mother holding her baby, and a herd of horses running across a grassy meadow among others. Under the horse poster, there was a shelf full of colorful pony toys, which she was pretty sure Felicia still played with sometimes. A flowering vine climbed up a trellis outside the window, and its flowers filled the air with a sweet fragrance. She idly wondered how difficult it could be to climb the trellis and slip in to surprise Felicia as she slept.

A small "Um..." drew attention back to the bathroom door and her jaw dropped. Felicia stood in the doorway, hands held behind her, and completely naked.

Rachel stared in stunned silence, taking in every detail. Slender legs led up to round hips and a small patch of sparse, wispy golden hairs surrounding her womanhood. Pert breasts as big as softballs with small, pale pink nipples hung above a flat stomach. Straw-yellow hair spilled down over one shoulder and her chest. Her face, along with the rest of her, was turning rosy as she blushed. Her sea-green eyes kept nervously flicking to Rachel's own, away, and back again.

"Um...s-see anything you like?"

Rachel came back to herself and closed her gaping mouth. "Oh yes. Yes I do." She stood and wrapped her arms around Felicia and her newly exposed flesh, savoring the feel of it under her finger. "So, does this mean...?"

Felicia nodded. "I'm ready. I want to make love with you."

"And you're really sure?"

"Yes." A hint of worry crept into Felicia's voice as she asked "Do you want to?"

"Oh, I do, I do. I reeeally do," Rachel said hurriedly, planting several small kisses in the general vicinity of Felicia's mouth. "But I mean, like...well, it's my first time with a girl, and it's your first time ever, and, you know, I just want to make sure everything's perfect for us. For you."

Felicia smiled that sweet, kindhearted smile that always made Rachel's heart melt. "Rachel, I'm with you. It is perfect."

"Aw, jeez," Rachel suddenly felt very awkward.

"I'm sorry," Felicia said, looking away. "I know you don't like mushy stuff."

"Hey," Rachel caught Felicia's chin between thumb and forefinger, and turned her back to look her in the eye. "I like it when you say it." She then kissed her lover deeply and held her close in her arms.

The kiss went on and on and quickly became more passionate, more eager. Their hands explored each other's bodies, Rachel's hands running over Felicia's silky smooth skin, Felicia's starting to reach under Rachel's clothes. Working together, they got Rachel's t-shirt off, lips parting for barely a second, revealing her trim, athletic body with skin tanned bronze by the sun.

They started moving toward the bed, Rachel walking backward, as they both reached for the clasp of her bra. Rachel's legs hit the edge of the bed and she lost her balance, dragging them down together. They tumbled onto the bed, Felicia landing heavily on top of Rachel, nearly knocking the wind out of her. They looked at each other, laughed, and continued as before, giggling between the kisses.

The bra quickly joined the t-shirt on the floor. Felicia pressed close, her breasts nearly flattening Rachel's smaller ones. She started moving downward, kissing all over her neck and chest, getting an appreciative moan in response. "Aaah, Felicia, I've never seen you this, mmm, aggressive before."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Felicia sat back, pulling her hands away. "I can slow down if you want."

"Nonono! Please," Rachel put a hand behind her head like a model and said "ravish me, Felicia."

Felicia smiled playfully. "Well, if you insist." She leaned down again and began massaging Rachel's breasts and Rachel let her. She stroked Felicia's arms and up her shoulders, brushing golden hair out of her face as she took a nipple into her mouth. She groaned and arched her back, holding the back of Felicia's head to encourage her to continue the pleasant suckling sensation. Felicia pinched the other nipple, delicately at first, and when this received a whispered 'yes,' a little harder.

Moving further down, Felicia left a few kisses across Rachel's toned abs as her hands went for the waist of her skirt. Kneeling at the edge of the bed, she slipped off the skirt and the underwear beneath, spread Rachel's legs wide...and froze. Her face turned crimson as she stared at the first vagina she had ever faced other than her own.

Rachel propped herself up on her elbows and looked down at her. "Felicia," she said gently, "you don't have to—"

Screwing her eyes shut tight, Felicia leaned forward and gave her pussy lips a big lick.

"Or you could, I guess." Felicia lapped at Rachel's pussy vigorously, and Rachel sighed as waves of pleasure began radiating through her. She let out a long, low moan and grabbed fistfuls of bed sheet when Felicia started licking around and sucking on her clit. She was panting hard as felt her orgasm building. Those pleasure waves carried her closer and closer to the edge and she rocked her hips in a steady rhythm while Felicia kept going. Finally she climaxed and spasmed in toe-curling ecstasy. Felicia didn't seem to notice the orgasm, her eyes still closed, focusing intently on her task. Rachel's brain felt fuzzy and though she tried to tell Felicia to stop, the only sounds coming out of her were pants, gasps, and moans.

Another orgasm came close on the heels of the first, and she held her hands over her face to muffle her scream. A third welled up and crashed through her before she could regain control of herself. Eventually, she was able to reach down and push Felicia away, moaning "Stop stop stop, please! Oh my god..."

Felicia looked up at her with a worried expression. "I-I didn't do anything wrong did I?"

"No! No, no. That was amazing," Rachel said, taking Felicia's face in her hands and kissing her. Leaning back, she pulled Felicia up with her until she was lying next to her. "Where did you learn how to eat pussy like that?"

Felicia looked away and mumbled, barely audibly "...porn..."

Rachel laughed. "You watch porn? You nearly failed sex ed because you were too embarrassed to look at the textbook."

"Well, it was just kind of...research," Felicia said, fiddling timidly with a lock of hair that had fallen across her face.

"Research? You mean research for...for tonight?"

Felicia nodded. "I-I wanted to make sure I didn't mess up or anything. I mean, I found some tips and instructions, but I wanted to see a...practical demonstration, and well..."

Rachel smiled and again guided Felicia's chin so she could kiss her once more. "So, did you play with yourself while you watched?" she asked.

Felicia let out a little embarrassed whimper.

"I'll take that as a yes," Rachel said. "Did you grab your tits like this?" She rubbed one of Felicia's breasts, squeezing lightly. Felicia closed her eyes and moaned quietly.

"And did you pinch your nipples like this?" Felicia bit her lip and squealed as Rachel tweaked and rolled the nipple between her fingers. Worrying that she may have squeezed a little too tight, Rachel took the nipple into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the hard little nub. Felicia's hand snaked up across the back of Rachel's neck and wound itself in her prismatic hair, pressing her head to Felicia's ample bosom.

Rachel pushed a thigh between Felicia's and hooked her leg with her own. She slid her hand across Felicia's belly and down to her inner thigh, where she stroked the sensitive flesh until opened wider, allowing her access to Felicia's pussy. "Did you touch yourself down here, too?" she asked, rubbing Felicia's mound with the heel of her hand.

Running her fingers through the slit below, she parted the lips and felt the wetness inside. Felicia breathed a shaky sigh and buried her face in Rachel's shoulder. She worked her finger around Felicia's hole, and then slowly pushed it in. Felicia moaned as the finger slid all the way up inside her. Rachel started rubbing Felicia's clit with her thumb while she picked up the pace of her finger plunging in and out of Felicia's wet pussy. Felicia started thrusting her hips in time with the fingering, and Rachel heard her mumbling into her shoulder "Oh, Rachel...Rachel...Rachel..."

She started licking at the hollow of Felicia's throat before dragging the tip of her tongue up along her neck and up to her ear. Felicia's earlobes were one of her most sensitive spots, and as Rachel started sucking and nibbling at them, she started thrashing wildly, trying to hump Rachel's hand.

Suddenly, Felicia stiffened, squeaking breathlessly. Rachel held her close until the orgasm finished, leaving her trembling in her arms. Noticing a small sound, she looked at Felicia. "Are you crying?" she asked with concern.

Felicia looked up at her with tears in her eyes. "I love you so much, Rachel. I love you."

Rachel smiled back at her. "And I love you, Felicia." With that, she kissed the tears out of her lover's eyes, and once more on the lips before they simply held each other in a quiet embrace until they fell asleep.