 This is a straight continuation, so a couple of things may need explaining. Kathy and Jane are college freshmen roommates. Tuesday night, below, Kathy's period is over. Their friend Laura has more experience, which jumps to a new level, when she sleeps with her friend for the first time. 

*

After studying all Sunday evening, Kathy goes to the bathroom. Jane hears her use the toilet and then washing. When she returns, she remarks superfluously: 

"I washed."

Jane looks up and sees that she is holding her jeans and panties, and then sees that she is smirking slightly. Jane snorts and replies: 

Wondered why you told me. I'd better too."

Kathy nods with a smile. Jane closes her book with a chuckle, nodding. When she returns from the bathroom with all her clothes in her hand, she chuckles again; Kathy isn't lying in her own bed, but in Jane's, the covers flung back. They both chuckle. Jane makes a point of hanging up her clothes, but then she joins Kathy. 

They do it all again: kiss, breasts, pussies and finally, another kiss with wet faces. Just chuckling warmly, they curl up together and say goodnight. 

Monday night, they don't. But Tuesday night, Jane finds Kathy's pliers, snapping them. Kathy snorts and says: 

"That's unfair! You've been counting days."

"Um-hmm. Want me to do something especially good for you."

"And if I don't?"

"Laura and I have; your turn."

"I guess I have to then. What about you?"

"Good thing you asked; then me too."

"Hmmm! Be careful; you could regret this!"

Neither of them does, despite each of them having to exclaim "Oh God!" a couple of times between her aroused moans. Snickering, they wipe up the floor and wash their hands and pussies, and chests, which had also felt the other's squirts. Kathy comments proudly: 

"I can too."

"You sure can."

The next morning, Kathy remembers to wash Jane's asshole like Laura had washed hers, and gets hers washed as well. They chuckle, and one recalls that Laura had said that they had to do something else to make it good.

That night, they don't, and not the next night, Thursday. Saturday they have dates for the football game and whatever happens after it. When they talk to Laura on Friday morning, they hear that she also has a date for the game. Then she smirks slightly and says: 

"Won't be as good as with you." 

"Ours either, with you," Kathy replies.

Jane nods with a grin. Laura also nods, smirking, and replies: 

"Good way to keep from wanting to do too much with them, then."

The others nod with grins. Then Jane asks: 

"You might want to?"

"Not tomorrow, of course. Just said that, but he's a junior, might think a frosh girl would do anything with an upper class man."

"Oh, hadn't thought of that," Kathy replies. 

"Ours are just freshmen like us," Jane explains, then chuckles and adds: 

"But if you think you need to have a reason ...?"

"Not really, but I want to."

"Don't we, too?" Kathy asks, glancing at Jane.

They all snicker, nodding with grins. Jane says: 

"Just beer, I'll buy it."

"I'll pay," Kathy adds.

They all nod with grins and go their ways, Jane and Kathy hooking little fingers again for a moment.

That evening, the beer is on a desk and the beds already together again. Jane and Kathy have removed their bras, chuckling as they do so. As they are putting their blouses back on, Jane remarks with a snort: 

"Before I want to suck yours."

"Or yours."

When Laura joins them, with chuckles, their blouses come off again, Laura's too, of course, before they open their beers. And the rest of their clothes follow after their first drink. As Laura strips off her panties, she remarks: 

"This time I did shave."

"I'm going to," Jane replies."

"Not for me," Kathy remarks.

"Nor for me," Laura rejoins.

They drink again and sit down on the beds. Their free hands immediately rest on the thigh of one of the others, and they drink again. Laura remarks: 

"I brought it along, of course."

"And we have Kathy's," Jane replies.

"Almost too much," she replies with wry smile."

"Just 'almost'. You squirted all over me."

"I did! Never thought I could do that. You did too, over me."

"Sounds like it was good," Laura remarks.

The others nod with smirks, and they all drink again. Then Kathy murmurs: 

"But I like to taste it, like to do that."

"Don't we all?" Laura replies.

Jane nods with a grin, and they drink again, chuckling. Their hands rub their neighbor's thigh; their fingers further down on the soft skin nearer her pussy. "Um-hmm," they all respond softly. After a few moments, they drink again, having to tilt their cans higher. When their fingers creep even closer to each other's pussy, nipples pop out. They chuckle warmly with grins. Then the fingernails of one them scratch gently. With another chuckle, the other one also scratches, and then the third one. "Um-hmm!" they agree with smirks, their fingernails scratching down and nearer her neighbor's pussy. They chuckle again, watching the others' hands, all of them creeping closer to a pussy. Knees twitch slightly. "Um-hmmm!" they agree again and emptied their beer cans.

They all put them aside and smile at the one whose fingers are arousing her. With deep hums, almost simultaneously they begin to lie down, offering a thigh for the other's head and raising the other one, presenting their pussy. As they get comfortable, one murmurs: 

"Oh, you're already wet."

"Aren't you?"

"She is," the third answers with snort.

"You too. Mmmm! Tastes good."

The other two nod with chuckles. Moist noises confirm why they do, and chuckling hums confirm that they all appreciate how the other one is making them. 

For a while, they exchange hums and more aroused moans, taking turns making it more arousing for each other. One does, and then the next one, and the next one. The one who can relax for a few moments, chuckles, when the next one sounds more aroused. 

After a couple of rounds like that, Laura's finger's creep into the crevice of the ass behind "her" pussy. She snorts and lets her fingers find its asshole. "Oooh!" is the response. When they rub, the response is: "Hn-hn-hnn! Uhn-hnnn!" Soon the next one responds the same way, and then Laura nods with a snort, then with an also aroused "Uhn-hnnn!"

As a three-part chorus of moist noises and more aroused moans continues, hips begin to twitch, thighs quivering, and then the sound of gasps and very wet sounds and pulsing groans fills the room. The groans subside to long moans, but the wet sounds continue, now that of tongues' lapping up pussies. There are a few more gasps, when tongues touch still aroused clitorises. 

Then for a while, there is only the sound of long sighs with softer moans. Hands rub hips. When one then slides up to find a breast, the two other hands also do. They each nod on the other's thigh, then with a soft "um-hmmm." They roll back, looking at the ceiling. One and then another snorts. Finally, Jane snorts again and murmurs: 

"That was good. I was right; like I said last weekend: someone else has to do it."

"Oh? Rubbing there?" Kathy responds, then snickers and murmurs: 

"You were!" 

"I hoped so," Laura replies.

They all snicker. Kathy snorts again and remarks: 

"Sure never thought that was a ... - what's it called? - zone."

"Erogenous zone," Laura helps.

"Yeah, that; must be."

They chuckle, and their hands fondle one of the other girl's breasts. Then Jane snorts and says: 

"My turn to say it."

"Got to go?" Kathy asks."

"Um-hmm!" 

Jane sits up with a wry grin and scrambles off the beds. Laura snorts and calls after her: 

"Shower; can't miss."

Jane nods. Kathy and Laura follow her, chortling at seeing her strong stream arching out in the shower. Jane snorts and says: 

"Thanks for the suggestion; I might have."

They chuckle, and Kathy and Laura use the toilet. They all wash their pussies and faces, complimenting each other for coming so good, and then - with smirks - for having made the other come so good. Then Kathy remarks: 

"Guess we all knew what we wanted to do. Sure didn't wait."

"Hmm! Sure didn't," Jane agrees with smile.

Laura snorts, nodding, and adds: 

"Not my fault; you two had already shoved the beds together.

"And taken off our bras," Jane murmurs, glancing at Kathy with a smirk. She nods, replying: 

"We both wanted to, well, we both did, just smiling at each other."

"I guess so," Jane agrees with a grin. 

Back in the room, they pop the tabs for a second round of beer and drink, before they get back on the beds. Their hands again rest on one of the other's thighs, but not the same one's. They have a sip. Laura remarks to the girl whose pussy she had licked:

"You taste better."

"You both do too."

"You too," the others reply together.

They all chuckle and drink again, nodding. After a moment, Laura murmurs:

"But probably guys don't." 

"You really want to do it?" Kathy asks.

"Only one way to find out. I want to. I'm pretty sure that it must be nice to have his cock in my mouth and lick and suck on it."

"'His'? Whose? Your date's tomorrow?" Jane asks.

"Not tomorrow. Just any 'whose'."

"'Any'?!" Kathy asks.

"Of course not. Whoever's, if I like him, and we get that far."

"But you really want to suck it?"

"Maybe not all the way, but I know what they like me to do with my hand; can do that with my tongue better."

"Hmm? Hm-hmm! For me, for sure!"

"You too!"

They all chuckle, almost laughing, and drink. When they have, Jane remarks: 

"I hope you do, and that you like it."

"And tell us," Kathy adds."

"Hmm! You'll hear, but don't hold your breath waiting; maybe it won't be him. Hm-hmm! Or maybe your dates will be 'better'."

"I doubt it," Kathy murmurs, adding: "He sounded like he just had to have date for the game."

"Mine too, but of course, we also wanted one for the game."

Kathy nods, and they all drink again, and are silent for a few seconds. Then Laura says: 

"Oh, I also brought a big paperclip and tape, in case you want to do that."

Jane and Kathy glance at each other, exchanging wry smiles, both nodding for the other to reply. Kathy nods again, and Jane does: 

"Okay, thanks. If Kathy wants to do it by herself, ..."

"More likely, you."

Jane shakes her head slightly, and replies: 

"Just maybe; we like what we can do together."

Kathy nods strongly with a smile, returned by Jane. Laura also nods and smiles, replying.

"So do I, why we're here together."

The others nod, and they all drink again. After another silent pause, Laura holds her breast, then purses her lips slightly, as a finger slides over her nipple. Kathy snorts and remarks: 

"When we were taking ours off, Jane said we should put our blouses on before she wanted to suck mine."

"You did too."

"Of course!"

Their nipples pop out, also Laura's other one. They all chuckle, and drink again. Smirking, Jane and Kathy also find one of their nipples, circling a finger around its stiff tip. They all chuckle and drink again, their cans almost empty. Jane snorts with a smirks, and asks: 

"I wonder what it feels like for a mother of twins."

Laura and Kathy exchange grins, nodding. Laura grins at Jane and replies: 

"Only if you let me find out."

"And me!" Kathy enjoins. 

Jane grins and slides her hands up under her breasts. Snickering, they move around to let her lie between them. She hums, offering her breasts, as they curl their heads down over them. She hums more strongly and murmurs: 

"I want twins!"

Laura and Kathy nod, humming as they suck and lick. After a few moments, Laura's hand slides down over Jane's stomach. Her fingers scratch in her pubic hairs, eliciting a chuckling moan, and then explore further, eliciting an even more aroused moan, and another. Then Jane exclaims softly: 

"Damn! Where's your toy?"

Laura nods with a hum, sucking, as the sound when she raises her head reveals. Jane gasps. Kathy's hand immediately slides up and pinches and pull on her wet nipple. Jane moans with a nod.

For a few moments, Kathy's mouth and fingers arouse her. Then they hear the buzz of Laura's toothbrush, and then Jane gasps and then moans. Laura's mouth returns to her breast, Kathy's fingers relinquishing her nipple, sliding down the squeeze her breast and press her nipple in Laura's mouth. 

Jane's hand finds Laura's and takes their buzzing toy from her. She gives a chuckling moan as she holds it against her pussy. Laura's fingers are still there, pressing the other end of it. When Jane turns it up, Laura's fingers help guide it into Jane's pussy. She moans loudly and pushes it deeper.

For a few seconds, she fucks it in her pussy. Then she gasps! Laura's fingers have caught the fluttering paperclip, making the handle twitch in Jane's pussy. An aroused, pulsing moan! 

"Oh damn!" she exclaims, but resumes fucking her pussy with the twitching toy, moaning and gasping. Kathy and Laura also moan, their lips and tongues arousing her nipples, also their teeth,

but Jane seems oblivious to their biting on the base of her nipples, as they suck with almost equally aroused moans.

Her hips rock up and down, moving the twitching toy in her vagina, giving rise to even more aroused moans and groans. She gasps, and a spurt of pussy juice floods her hand, but she continues to fuck herself, just adding an aroused chuckle to her moans, and spurts again, chuckling warmly, as her hips jerk. Laura releases the paperclip. Her toothbrush just vibrates in Jane's pussy.

Kathy and Jane also chuckle, nodding and reducing their mouths' activity, just sucking gently.

Jane gives a moaning sigh and pulls it out of her pussy and clamps her thighs together. It buzzes louder, until she turns it off, 

She gives another and longer moaning sigh, and another, her thighs relaxing.

Laura and Kathy have let her nipples slip from their mouths, their heads resting on her shoulders, their hands stroking her reassuringly. After a few more sighs, Jane snorts and remarks: 

"I could have thought one of you would do that."

"Didn't you want to?" Laura asks.

"Yeah, but when I wanted to, when I was expecting it."

She rubs her nipples gently with soft moan and murmurs: 

"You weren't just sucking."

"I guess not;" Kathy murmurs: "it was so arousing listening to you."

"Hmm? Twins don't have teeth yet."

Laura chuckles and says: 

"And it's unlikely that you would be doing that, while you were nursing them, nor their father."

They all chuckle, nodding. The Kathy asks: 

"What about your twins, Laura?"

"Hmmm! Hm-hmm! If they don't bite."

"No promises," Jane replies with snicker and begins to climb over her.

With chuckles, they change places. Kathy rubs her hand on Laura's stomach and then up to hold her far breast. Jane reaches over and holds her other one. Laura nods with a hum, then snorts and says: 

"Maybe I should just let you suck."

They do, and she hums in appreciation. After a minute or two, however, she turns on her toothbrush, just letting it vibrate, and holds it to her pussy and moans. After another minute or two - and several increasingly aroused moans - she tilts it down and finds her opening, chuckling as it vibrates into her pussy. The others rub her stomach, as though to suggest that they will keep their hands there. 

Laura fucks herself with it for a while, moaning, and then just lets it buzz and vibrate in her pussy, holding her hand over the fluttering paperclip to protect it from the others. She chuckles warmly and then grasps it. When it begins to twitch, she responds: "Oooh! Uhn! Uhn-hn-hnnn!" and the fingers of her other hand grasp the inside of her thigh.

The others nod with chuckles, rubbing again, as they continue to suck and nibble. She lets go of the paperclip, letting her toothbrush just vibrate. The fingers of her other hand slide up and begin to rub her clitoris. Then she grasps the paperclip again and gives a more aroused moan. That happens a couple of more times, and then she begins to fuck herself with her twitching toy. 

When her hips begin to twitch, the others' hands slide further, hugging her between them, and they moan with her. She moans desperately and then with a gasp loses control of her body, her hips rocking up, rising off the bed, as her shoulders jerk up, flattening her breasts against the others' mouths. They hug her tighter, and she convulses again with whimpering groans - and again! 

Gasping, she snatches on the paperclip, but it slips off the pin, leaving her toothbrush vibrating in her pussy. Her body spasms again, as she gasps. "Oh, damn!" she exclaims and tries to grip the pin, but it is now twitching too fast to hold. 

Finally, she gets hold of the handle and pulls it out of her pussy with a relieved, deep moan. It is still buzzing. She takes a deep breath and chuckles and finds the switch to turn it off, sighing. 

The others have loosened their hold of her and let her nipples slip from their mouths, and sigh with her, rubbing her stomach again. After another sigh, she murmurs: "Fuck!"

Jane and Kathy snort with nods. Laura then also snorts and remarks: 

"Forgot that it slips down the pin, that I push it back up before I do it again."

The others chuckle. Jane remarks: 

"Must do it more often than I thought."

"Only a couple of times like this, twice in succession. But then I had remembered. Hm-hmm! Looking at it before I did again in the morning."

"Spoiling yourself," Kathy murmurs, adding: "You said no ... cock could be like that."

The others snort at her hesitating before using the four-letter word. Laura nods. Kathy murmurs again: 

"Even if you do, I don't think I want to spoil my almost virginal pussy."

"You didn't think of that, when we did with your pliers," Jane replies.

"Hmm! No, but maybe why I do now."

The others nod. Then Laura remarks: 

"Probably can't fit the paperclip back on, anyway," then asks:

"But you want to know what it would be like to have twins?!

"Hmm?! I guess so. Hm-hmm! We said that both things wouldn't happen at once."

Jane and Laura nod with chuckles, and Laura rolls towards Kathy and begins to clamber over her. When her legs are straddling her, she chuckles and drops down flat on her and plants her lips on hers. Kathy chuckles, and they kiss - as good as they can - Kathy embracing her. When her hands slide down and grasp Laura's ass, they chuckle and rock their hips together.

Jane chuckles and remarks: 

"You both just wish the other one had a cock."

"Um-hmm!" they agree, nodding, and retrieving their tongues and chuckling.

Laura rolls off Kathy, and Jane moves closer to her, then chuckling and saying: "Me too."

They also kiss, longer than enough for Jane and Laura to start holding Kathy's breasts. Laura snorts and remarks: 

"Well, the father could kiss you while you had a child on each breast."

"But she doesn't yet," Jane responds.

They all nod with a snort, and then Kathy does have a mouth on each breast and hums. When she moves her arms, they let her free them, and she hugs them to her. Their "um-hmm" vibrates on her nipples.

Their hands rub on her chest. When Laura's slides up and squeezes the breast that Jane is sucking, she nods, and her hand finds Kathy's other breast to press its nipple deeper in Laura's mouth. Kathy gives an appreciative moan and hug, and they suck and nibble. Then Laura snorts and slides her hand over, finding one of Jane's fingers, and urges it to follow hers back down to Kathy's stomach. 

They both snort with a hum, and together their hands slide further. Kathy also snorts, drawing in her stomach and then inhaling deeply, it rising, as though to suggest that their hands slide down further. They do. When she exhales with a long hum, their fingers have to creep upwards to her mons veneris, finding her sparse pubic hair. She draws a deep breath, nodding, and then humming as their fingers explore.
