 Perhaps it is superfluous to explain that this is happening before teenagers could learn on internet more about sex than their grandparents ever knew, say, in the last half of the 1980s. 

*

Back in their room, Kathy and Jane make an effort to continue their reading, but after they each have glanced up from her book up at the other a couple of times, Jane glances up again and says: 

"Can't stop thinking about it."

"I know, me neither. We really did it, all that?"

"Hmm? 'Toys and tongues', we did."

"And never imagined I would."

"Well, I don't know about the toys, but ..."

"The tongues."

"Yours, especially."

"Anyone's, but also 'yours, especially'. No, mine!"

"Um-hmm, mine too," and Jane licks her lips with slight grin. 

Kathy snorts, licking hers in response, returning Jane's grin, but then she catches her breath and murmurs:

"You don't want to do it again?"

"Do you?"

"Hmm? That's not why I asked."

"I didn't think so, but since you did."

There is a long moment of silence. They both snort silently, no longer looking directly at each other. Their eyes meet and shift away, and meet again. Jane murmurs: 

"If you want to."

One corner of Kathy's mouth twitches. Then she replies in a whisper:

"If you want to."

Jane nods very slightly. The corner of Kathy's mouth twitches again, and she also nods. 

"Um-hmm," Jane hums softly. 

"Um-hmm," Kathy confirms. 

They start getting undressed, until they have to stand up to continue. When Jane takes off her bra, Kathy murmurs: 

"I want to suck them."

"And suck yours."

They chuckle softly with smiles. Their nipples are aroused. They take off the rest of their clothes, watching each other like they never had before Laura joined them. Jane unconsciously fluffs up her pubic hair. Kathy snorts silently with slight nod, and then asks in a whisper: 

"And kiss?"

"If we can do that."

"Um-hmm."

They both close the couple of steps between them and embrace. They only hesitate for a moment to know which way to tilt their heads, then their lips meet, and their tongues. Their mouths open wider, and their tongues explore further, and they both rock their hips up, pressing them together, nodding slightly with hums. Their hands slide down and clasp the other's ass. For several seconds, their tongues entwine, more in one mouth and then in the other, each of them chuckling in her throat when the other one extends her tongue into her mouth, and she then sucks on it. 

They stop to take a deep breath, their stomachs pressing together, and exhale with chuckling hums. Jane murmurs: 

"You kiss better than some guys."

"You too, better than most of the few."

"You wanted to suck them."

"Um-hmm. That too."

"That too."

Jane clasps their hips together and leans her shoulders back enough to move her breasts on Kathy's. She chuckles and does the same. 

"Hn-hnn! Um-hmmm!" Jane responds, and they loosen their embrace enough to move to one of the beds. Jane drops down on it, rolling back to make space for Kathy to join her, and slides her hand up under her breast, offering her tight nipple. Kathy nods with a smile and drops down on her side next to her and takes Jane's breast from her hand. As she leans down over her, Jane's knee presses against Kathy's thigh, urging it to slide over hers. It does, Kathy lying half on Jane, as her mouth finds her nipple.

Not just finds it; her tongue and lips do everything they can, and Jane moans in appreciation, murmuring once: "Suck harder." Kathy does, and Jane responds with an aroused "oooh!" Then she demands softly: 

"The other one, ... before I suck yours."

When Kathy begins to suck it, Jane's hips roll towards her, and her other thigh slides over Kathy's, holding it. Finally, after several delighted moans, Jane murmurs: "Now yours." Kathy rolls back with an enthusiastic "um-hmm!" 

Jane follows her, and they rearrange their legs, Jane's holding Kathy's other thigh, as her mouth begins to arouse Kathy's nipple. Eventually, she shifts her mouth to her other nipple, without Kathy's suggestion, but after she has been licking, nibbling and suck for a while, eliciting more chuckling moans, Kathy murmurs questioningly: "that too?"

Jane nods, still with Kathy's nipple in her mouth. It slips out, and Jane nods again with an "um-hmm!" and begins to move around. Kathy hums, rolling towards her, her hand reaching out for Jane's hip, before she can touch it. When she can, she raises her head. Jane's thigh slides under it, and Kathy draws hers up under Jane's head. They draw each other's hips closer and then draw their other thighs up over and passed the other's head, curling their hips up. 

With a long hum, they find the other's pussy with their tongue, and clutch her hips even closer, locked together with their open mouths pressed around where their tongues are licking, playing with the hood over the other's clitoris. They exchange encouraging, aroused hums and continue. Then one of the them rocks her head back and murmurs: "No hurry."

The other one nods on her thigh and licks down to play with the other one's inner lips. She nods and does the same with an "uhn-hnn," and slides her hand down from the other one's hip and finds her breast, fondling it. The other one does the same, and for a while they just enjoy keeping each other mildly aroused, snorting with a nod, when they take turns probing in each other's opening. 

Then one of them snorts again and licks back up to the other's clitoris and squeezes her nipple. With a chuckle and nod, the other does the same, and they return to arousing each other better, their hands sliding back up to hug the other's hips to their faces. They exchange more arouse moans.

Then it is the other one whose hand slides down again and she licks elsewhere. The other one nods, and they both let the other's arousal subside a little. She murmurs: "This is just so good," her lips moving on the other's pussy lips. She nods with an "uhn-hnnn!" For a few moments, their fingers are more active than their tongues. 

Then one murmurs: "I want to come," and slides her hand back up. The other nods vigorously, and their tongues return to where they can arouse each other best. They both respond with an aroused "uhn-hnn-hnn!" nodding. When their hips begin to twitch, they hug them tighter, restraining their bodies to movement between the hips and shoulders. 

First one and then the other responds with a pleased, growling moan as her face is flooded with pussy juice. Or was it because she was flooding the other one's face? 

It didn't seem to matter. When their bodies had stilled, and their long sighing moans had subsided, the first murmured comment is: 

"I just love it when you come like that."

"Mmmm! And when you do!"

"Hmm? Hm-hmm! I do too, of course, but that was the first thing that came to mind, what I said."

"Um-hmm!" 

They both nod, rolling apart, their heads still on the other's thigh, and then chuckle, then finding the other's breast again and fondling it, and chuckling again. They lie there for a minute or two, just gently fondling. One and then the other snorts. They both snort again, squeezing the breast in their hand. The first one to snort remarks: 

"So much for homework tonight."

"Hm-hmm! Um-hmm. Late enough to go to bed."

After a short pause, the other asks softly: 

"Together?"

There is a shorter pause, and the other replies: 

"If you want to?"

"Um-hmm. ... If you do?"

"Hmm? If one of us doesn't roll over and fall out of bed."

They chuckle, nodding again on the other's thigh and squeezing her breast again.

They sit up and exchange wry smiles. When one licks her lips, the other one does. They both nod and embrace, kissing, licking around each other's mouth. One snorts and remarks: 

"I taste as good as you do."

"Me too."

They chuckle and kiss again, then get up and go to the bathroom. While they are washing their faces and pussies, one asks: 

"Shower in the morning?"

"With you?"

"Um-hmm."

They nod with smiles and return to the room, just snorting slightly as they get into bed together. They lie facing each other. One puts her hand the other's side; then the other one does the same. After few moments, breathing in each other's face, Kathy murmurs: 

"I guess we like to do it."

"Um-hmm, we do," Jane replies, rubbing Kathy's side. 

"Never thought this would happen," she murmurs, rubbing Jane in return.

"Me neither, but it's nice, good."

"Um-hmm, better than, ... well you know, at least, from my couple of times with him.

"It should be; we know what we like."

"But I still like boys."

"Oh, I do too. This is just something else good."

They rub each other again, drawing each other a little closer. When one of their knees moves up and touches the other's leg, she raises it. The other's leg slides under it, and the other one's draws up and holds it. 

"Nice," Kathy murmurs, rubbing Jane again.

"Um-hmm. Sleep like this?"

"If you want? I was thinking I should hold your breast, since one of us didn't last night."

"Hm-hmm, also nice; maybe easier to sleep that way. Want me to turn over?" 

"After a goodnight kiss."

It is a little better than a goodnight kiss, just the tips of their tongues caressing for a moment. Then Jane rolls over under Kathy's arm. Her hand finds her breast, and they settle closer together and tell each other goodnight.

When they stir during the night, the one on outside is awakened by feeling that she is on the edge of the bed, and murmurs: 

"I'll go to my bed."

"Um-hmm," the other responds sleepily. 

When they wake up in the morning, they glance across the room at each other and chuckle; they are lying in each other's bed. The one who hadn't moved murmurs: 

"Oh, right, hardly noticed that you left. That was good. Not that you did, that I didn't notice. Mmmm! And all the rest was good."

"Um-hmm, it was. Shower?"

They use the toilet and get in the shower stall. With chuckles, they begin to wash each other, with more chuckles when they wash each other's breasts, and more than chuckles when they wash each other's pussy. Jane snorts and asks: 

"There too?" as her soapy fingers slide down between Kathy's hips.

"Hmm? I guess so. Never did with my bare hand."

"I do."

"Hmm! If you do."

Jane does. Kathy chuckles, and then she does, snorting as her fingers find Jane's asshole. She nods, also chuckling.

Washing each other's legs and feet elicits no more chuckles, but a squeal when the sole of the last foot is tickled. It's owner jerks it free with a giggle and says: 

"I'll get you back!"

"Next time."

"Um-hmm! Next time!"

They grin and let the shower rinse them. Chuckling, they find their towels and dry themselves, exchanging smirks.

Laura had been right, showering together didn't save much water. 

On the way to breakfast, they chuckle and exchange smiles, and when they happen to see each other during the day. In the evening, they both have activities and return to their room late, their normal bedtime. While they are undressing, there is a pregnant silence. In the bathroom, Jane asks softly: 

"When's your period start?"

"Probably Thursday. ... We don't have to do it tonight."

"That isn't what I asked."

"Hm-hmm! But what I was thinking, I guess."

"I guess what I was, too."

They both chuckle with nods. They return to the room and get in their own beds - nude, without remarking about it. In the dark, Kathy says: 

"But it was nice, sleeping with you."

"Um-hmm, it was, goodnight."

"Goodnight."

In the morning, their shower is more routine, until the one's foot is tickled, better than she had done, since it was being securely held. 

During the day, Jane runs into Laura, who greets her with a smirk. After a glance around to see that no one can overhear her, she chuckles and says: 

"I did it, found that I could hold it with a big paperclip. Oooh!"

"Oooh! Really!?"

"Um-hmm! And with both of them, both ways: clicking my cellphone inside, with my toothbrush buzzing; and then the other way, it just buzzing."

"Hmmm! All last night?!"

"Didn't find the big paper clip until yesterday. Don't think I want to use the paperclip and my cellphone. Hmm? Probably difficult - no, impossible - having to have a hand to keep clicking it on. And you?"

"Wild!" Jane replies, shaking her head in amazement.

"And you?" Laura repeats.

"Hmm? Yes, we did, just Sunday evening; couldn't get it out of our minds."

"Why I used them both. And you used yours?"

Jane shakes her head with grin. Laura nods with smirk and murmurs: 

"Nice, lucky."

Jane nods, and then they have to go their ways.

That evening, Kathy and Jane study in their room without glancing at each other until bedtime. As she is closing her books, Kathy looks up and murmurs: 

"It could start tomorrow."

Jane nods with smile, that Kathy returns with grin. They do it all over again, just not postponing their orgasms once they start enjoying each other's pussy. Without washing, they go to sleep, this time with Jane's arm around Kathy. This time, they manage to turn over and stay together, waking up with Jane's arm around Kathy, but her hand not on her breast. 

It is then, as soon as Jane wakes up. Kathy clasps hers over it with a cheerful "good morning."

"Not as good as last night."

"Hm-umm! And that you're still here."

"Um-hmm! But we've got to get up."

"Pity, but I guess so."

Jane nods, but her fingers arouse Kathy's nipple for a moment. Then they get up. On the way to the bathroom, Jane chuckles and says: 

"If we really want to save water, we can go in the shower."

"Do you?!"

"Don't you?"

"Hm-hmm! Sometimes."

"Me too. Hardly realized it the first time, just standing there in the warm downpour and relaxing."

"Like a naked three year-old."

"Something like that."

"Hm-hmm! Then, save water!"

"It washes off."

They step in the shower and turn on water, then smirk at each other and relax. When their streams arch out, splashing on the other's legs, they snicker and grin. They wash each other, this time without tickling, but Kathy chuckles and laughs, when Jane tells about her conversation with Laura. Kathy remarks at the end: 

"I've got my pliers; I'll do it to you."

"Hmm! Your toothbrush twisting like that, back and forth in my pussy?"

"Only if you dare to let it."

"Hmm?!"

They leave it at that. 

That evening at bedtime, Jane asks: 

"Period?"

"Not yet. Hm-hmm! I cheated last night."

"Hmm! Could have thought so."

"You wanted to, too."

"Of course."

"But just in case."

In the bathroom, Kathy gets a tampon. Till now, they have been private about using them, but now Kathy only smiles wryly as Jane watches her insert it. Then Kathy murmurs: 

"Why I mentioned my pliers - for you."

"Maybe I will."

That and the next night they don't do anything, but boys call them for dates Friday evening. As they get ready for them, Kathy remarks: 

"We do like boys."

"Of course, better, if they are as good as you are."

"Or you, but if they aren't?"

"I'm not going to worry about that, or want to find out, ... like I did a couple of times."

"Has to be better than my only a couple of times."

"I hope so, but not tonight."

"Gosh, no! Or the next time, if we go out together again."

"Um-hmm. Or the next date, ... unless I really think I like him."

"And him, you too, I hope."

"Of course."

"Hm-hm-hmm! And then you would do it to him?"

"Oh? That's what you're thinking about! Hmm? If he did."

"I'm not so sure."

"I'm not either, and we're counting unlaid eggs."

"Hmm! One of mine at the moment." 

They nod and chuckle.

After their dates, back in their room as the get undressed, they compare experiences: confirming that they had a nice evening; that the guys were nice; that they would go out with them again; but that they could imagine someone else could be better. Jane remarks:

"Probably we can be more choosy now."

"Um-hmm," Kathy agrees with a nod and smile, returned by Jane.

She doesn't watch, while Kathy changes tampons and washes. But as they are about to go to bed, she says softly: 

"We could still sleep together."

"Um-hmm, with a kiss, just a little one."

"Um-hmm."

It turns into a better kiss with hands arousing nipples. When Kathy's hand slides down to Jane's pussy, she murmurs: 

"I can do it to you, for you."

"Mmmm! If you really want to; can't say no."

Kathy nods and begins to turn around over Jane. When her mouth is on her hair, her tongue exploring, Jane's hand holds her hip, and she murmurs: 

"I want to, too, even if ..."

"Really?"

"Um-hmm."

They roll together, embracing each other's hips.

Jane's "even if" is no problem, as she confirms, when Kathy turns around again and gives her kiss. They curl up together and go to sleep.

Saturday, they meet Laura for lunch. Before they sit down with others, they agree to talk later. Outside the building, they all smirk slightly and walk by themselves. Laura also had a date. After she hears about theirs, she also agrees that they could be choosier. Then she smirks again and asks: 

"And after that?"

Kathy and Jane exchange glances, snorting softly. Jane nods to Kathy for her to reply. She wrinkles her nose, but nods: 

"We did. I wanted to."

"'We'? You did too, Jane?" Laura asks.

She nods with wry smile and replies: 

"Yes. I wanted to, 'even if', like I told her."

"And?"

"It was just as good," Kathy quickly answers.

"Um-hmm," Jane agrees with a nod.

"Oh?! Really?"

"Um-hmm."

Both Jane and Kathy nod. Laura looks surprised, but then also nods with a grin and remarks: 

"Don't know if I would have done that."

"I wanted to, not for that reason," Jane replies.

They walk on a few steps, then Kathy murmurs: 

"If she can, I can," and glances over at Laura, who looks surprised again, but then replies softly: 

"With me? You want to?"

"If you do?"

"With you? Hmm? If you want to."

"If Jane did."

"And what about me?" Jane asks.

Laura grins and replies: 

"You can use my new toy."

They all snicker, so loud that a couple of people further away glance at them. Jane snorts with a shrug and says: 

"Better than nothing."

"A lot better!" Laura whispers with grin. 

They snicker again, and then walk on till they are further away from others. Then Laura asks Kathy: 

"You really want to?"

"You taste as good as Jane."

"Hmm? Even that way?"

"Kathy does," Jane remarks, adding: "but don't forget your new toy."

"I won't!"

They agree to meet that evening, and Laura says that she will bring a six-pack. With broad smiles and chuckles they separate. On the way back to their room, Kathy and Jane link little fingers again. They agree to go to the library to study, and do, sitting out of sight from each other.

After dinner, again back in their room, they exchange quizzical glances, glancing at their beds, and then nod with smirks and move one across next to the other one. Then Jane plucks at a button on her blouse with another quizzical glance. Kathy shakes her head, but grins and murmurs: 

"Not yet."

Jane nods and rearranges their covers, overlapping them and then stapling them together at one side, tossing their pillows together against the wall. When she turns back with a grin, Kathy nods and remarks: 

"You must be eager."

"If you don't want me to take off my clothes yet."

"So you can find out how good her toothbrush is."

They smirk. Then Kathy says: 

"We'll want to wash first."

"And one beer, first."

Kathy nods, and they wait for Laura. After a few moments, Kathy murmurs: 

"And I want to suck her breasts, too."

"Hm-hmm! Of course, better than mine."

"Hm-umm, just wanted to remember to."
