 OK, yes that first day I saw her, Julie licked me 'til I passed out. But it's not like *that* between us...

I woke from a dream of sucking my husband's cock after he fucked me hard, but when I started to open my eyes, I realized Julie was kissing me deeply thrusting her tongue deep into my mouth. And I was sucking it, hard. 

As soon as my eyes opened, though, I sat up quickly and Julie drew away. Before I could say anything, she laid her head on my chest and hugged me saying, "Oh, Erin. You are such a friend. I just can't believe how kind you are to help me like this! I never new I could get off like that..." 

I couldn't help but think that I'd never passed out when I came before. My mind was spinning and I tried hard to figure out what I was thinking as she continued. "I feel so much better now, and I can't thank you enough." When she looked up at me, Julie's eyes where aglow and she had a smile that was, I guess you'd say radiant.

I don't remember what I said to her then, I was nervous and afraid to let her see how uncomfortable I felt. I think I muttered a bit. In a few moments I had gone from the most relaxed and comfortable to a state of confused anxiety. 

I felt a twinge as her cheek brush my nipple, and I quickly sat up, mumbling about the oven being on or something. Julie didn't notice a bit, she just led me by the hand to the door and kissed me on the cheek as I left. 

That evening, my husband was amazed by my ardor as I sucked him off twice without his asking. The next morning I awoke with a start as in a dream I sat sipping wine with Julie on her couch and she turned to me, leaned in, and kissed me. Then her tongue slid into my mouth, and it was when I felt myself suck her in deeper that I awoke. I am *not* a lesbian, and I repeated that to myself as I looked over to my still sleeping husband. I wished he were awake and would fuck me hard, but instead I decided how better would there be to prove it to myself, and I crawled under the covers to wake him in a way I knew he would enjoy.

My husband has never been happier than that week, though once or twice when he surprised me in the kitchen I had to say I had to pee in order to slip away and get some KY.

It was a couple of days since that last encounter with Julie when I saw her next. I had convinced myself that I was OK, and knew that if anything, it was certainly not her fault; and I didn't want her to suspect that anything was wrong.

I went over in the afternoon and Julie opened her door in a bikini. She greeted me warmly and kissed me on the cheek. (Well, OK, it did end up on the corner of my mouth because I was afraid to turn my head too quickly.) As she led me inside, my eyes dropped naturally to her ass.

You see, Julie and I are very similar in build: we are both slender with an hourglass shape and our asses are the kind that people say are too big. You know, like Jennifer Lopez? I never thought it was, and my husband loves mine. I had reassured Julie in the past.

Her bikini is one I have seen before. Because she is sensitive about her butt, she does not wear it in public, but the thong bottom is perfect for tanning in the back yard. As she walked away from me, my eyes were drawn to the strip of cloth that seemed to disappear between her cheeks. I marveled at the smoothness and lack of cellulite and how her hips flared from her waist into those beautiful globes.

"Erin?" Julie had turned to face me, and I realized she'd been saying something, but I couldn't remember what she'd said. I recovered all right, though.

"I'm sorry, Julie, just a busy day. What did you say?"

She looked at me in an amused kind of way and said, "Drink?...Usual?"

"Um, oh, yeah. Sorry."

She showed not a hint of what went on the other day, and I relaxed quickly as we chatted. After talking for a while in the kitchen, we went to sit in the living room. I thought nothing of it as she sat on the couch with me and we continued on as usual.

It's weird, but everything changed very quickly. 

After discussing the shopping we needed to do, Julie asked innocently how Dave was doing. I don't think anything changed that instant, but just then my eyes caught site of her erect nipples under the small cups of her bikini top. As I replied that he was as usual, I tried without success to remember if her nipples had been hard all through our conversation.

Julie continued, "I'm so glad. I know I keep saying this, but thank you so much, Erin."

I replied without thinking and said, "Hey, what are friends for?" And almost at the same instant we both started giggling. 

That broke the tension in me a bit, and I proceeded to tell her how randy Dave had been. I didn't tell her, though, how much I had been sucking him off. Julie laughed when I told her how I had to slip off to get KY when he wanted to do it in the kitchen and I began to get into the spirit while telling her the titillating tale. 

I didn't notice as she moved closer, and I didn't notice when her hand had found my thigh, but when I finished laughing at one point, I asked her how she'd been, and that's when I felt her closeness.

"Oh, um, OK, you know." 

"Hmm?" I was puzzled.

"Oh, come on, I'm all right..."

But I was a bit dense, I guess, so I asked, "What do you mean?"

Julie answered, "Well, I'm back to where I was..." and she seemed to trail off.

It was then that I realized what she was saying, and I laid my hand on top of hers and said, "I'm so sorry, Julie."

She took my hand in both of hers and as she looked me deeply in the eyes said, "I'm so lucky to have you for a friend."

I felt the warmth of genuine friendship for her then, and stayed like that looking back into her eyes. After a moment I heard her ask, "Erin, could I?"

I had relaxed again and just replied with a "Hmm?"

"Would you let me try again? To cum I mean." And as I realized what she'd been saying I felt it. I guess with all that giggling I didn't recognize it, but my nipples were straining and I was a little damp.

I was still looking into her eyes and all the love and friendship that I saw there. I could feel a conscious part of me drifting away a bit as I heard myself say very softly, "OK."

Julie held my eyes as she lifted my hand to her mouth and kissed it lightly. She moistened her lips and kissed the back of my hand again and I felt her lips open a bit. My hand was limp and Julie, still looking into my eyes, turned it over palm up and again kissed it lightly and then again in a more open wet kiss. 

I tingled all over, and it was this most incredibly mesmerizing feeling. I could feel a pleasant tingling sensation in my head at my scalp, and that same buzz was in my breasts, in my nipples seeming to extend them further, and down to my belly where the warmth spread to my pussy. Then July opened her mouth and her tongue came out and licked from the tips of my fingers upward. As she reached my knuckles her tongue separated my fingers and as she slowly dragged it through the V-junction, I felt a spasm in my pussy and I knew I was very wet. I felt my eyes start to flutter.

It was like a strange dream. This part of me had separated and was thinking over and over again, "no don't do this, not again" while my body reacted to Julie and did exactly as she wanted. Again I lifted myself as she unfastened my shorts and pulled them off of me. This time she did not dwell on my panties. She ran her hand up over my wet mound and clasped the waistband with both hands and pulled. Again I lifted myself so she could pull them off. All the while her eyes never left mine.

As my panties came off she place her hands on the insides of my thighs and slowly moved them up separating my knees until I was sitting there with legs spread wide and my pussy exposed to her. As her hands reached my junction, her eyes left mine, dropping to my pussy. 

It was like my eyes were still drawn to hers as my gaze fell to my opening. I could see how swollen my lips had become. Julie this time was different. She was careful and deliberate, and it held me spellbound. With both thumbs she pulled my lips apart to reveal the wetness within, then moving slowly she brought her face closer and breathed my sent deeply through her nose. Then in one slow languid motion she brought her mouth over me and began to make love to me with her tongue.

This time was more amazing. It felt so good, and there was a depth of intoxication to it as I felt her love seem to enter me. Still a part of me rebelled and as Julie devoured me, I became vocal. In my cries I tried to stop her, but my "No, Julie" was interrupted by the spasms she was causing and it came out as "Oh, no, Julie. Oh! God! Oh! No, oh, please, oh, no." I think I knew the tone of my voice would not stop her.

This time she held me at a peak for the longest time without sending me over. I'd get closer and closer and my voice would raise incoherently and then she'd back off or stop. Once or twice she clamped down and seemed to shake and quiver and stop. Then just as I'd begin to regain control, she'd start again. I had never known anything like that before.

I looked down at her again and saw her focused intently on my pussy and the thought passed through my mind that she *liked* licking my pussy and I lost all resistance. I ran my fingers through her hair coaxing her trying not to grab her and pull her in. There were no more words coming out of me, just mumbling and keening, and finally she let me go: She surrounded my clit with her lips and tongue and gently but firmly sent me over, and again I lost all sense...

---

I awoke from the most relaxed state to find her head on my chest again, and I thought she was asleep as she lay with her arms around me. I was in a kind of fog as what had happened slowly sunk in. Again Julie had brought me off like nothing had before, and I felt a deep dread in the pit of my stomach. I wondered at what was happening to me.

In my mind I remembered the pleasure I felt and I began to tingle again. Quickly I thought of David: of bending over the couch in our living room as he took me from behind. I loved it when he did that, the feel of his hands gripping my waist, and as he speeds up I imagine he is unable to stop and it always sends me over. Sometimes when he comes home he'll hug me and I'll feel his hardness against me and it makes me feel so sexy that he is so immediately hot for me...

Julie stirred and looked up at me. In her eyes were none of the fear, and she smiled broadly and said, "Oh Erin, you made me come so many times and so hard!" 

My immediate reaction was to correct her, I mean, she made me come only once, and then I realized that she was talking about herself. My eyes went wide as I began to realize what had been going on while she was licking me.

Julie continued, "I must have cum a half a dozen times, it was so wonderful and you are a friend like no other, thank you." She propped her chin upon one hand and grinned up at me. 

Again my thoughts whirled and a slow panic began to over take me. I needed to do something. I needed to not go there with her... I needed to get fucked. As that last thought crossed my mind, I pictured David taking me again, and I calmed a bit. I grasped a hold of it and decided I needed to take charge of the situation.

"Julie, uh, you need a man." 

Julie smiled again, and wistfully replied, "Yeah... I do..." And then she looked back up at me and said, "But until I find one... thank God I have you for a friend."

I almost choked but I managed to stifle myself and fish for a reply. "You know what you should do?"

"Hmmm, what?" Julie again looked at up at me with those beautiful eyes.

"Uh," I cast about for anything and then that image of David pounding me came to mind. "You need a dildo. Or how about a vibrator?"

"Oh but I do! I have my Wand, I mean."

"Wand?" I asked.

"You know, Erin, 'Magic Wand' that's the brand name of it, my vibrator. It works great, and it's fun to use, but all I'm able to do is get more frustrated. Back when I was seeing, Tom, I'd use it sometimes before we went out. Tom didn't know but he loved it those times when I was so randy."

I felt better now that we were on a more, um, "straight" track. And finding an area she hadn't tried I decided to push her more in that direction. "Yeah, but what about a dildo?"

Julie flushed a bit and lowered her voice. "Well, I've tried some things... You know, like candles."

"Was it OK?" 

"No." I could see Julie begin to tear up a bit as she continued, "Don't you see, it's the excitement from what I know my partner is feeling that sends me over." 

In my mind I saw her again intently, lovingly, and I imagined longingly sucking my clit and I began to understand what she was talking about, I felt myself begin to moisten. Again I tried to focus and I shook that thought off. "But you can do it Julie. I'm sure of it, anybody can learn to bring herself off, it just takes a new approach. I'll help you." And too late it occurred to me what I might be saying.

Julie gave me a quick hug saying, "Oh, thank you!" And she stretched up to kiss me. On the mouth this time as I was too stunned trying to figure out what I had gotten myself into...