 On Thursday I was back at Julie's door. The day before I had left quickly and in some confusion: I had started to heat up a bit and I needed to get home and fuck Dave as soon as I could. The next day I stood there at her door with my tummy doing flip-flops. 

I was excited and scared and still terribly confused. I had come back with the determination to help Julie get over whatever prevented her from relieving herself. I wanted to help her as a friend, and I needed to help her so that I wouldn't have to "help" her in that other way. Letting her lick me until I passed out was an amazing thing, but I did not want to go down that road: Dave and I were happy and I was not going to end up a lesbian.

Still, I could feel a slight tingle of anticipation pass through me as I stood there hesitating to ring the bell. In my determination, I had brought my vibrator, the KY, and the dildo I'd been given at my wedding shower (my friends called it my "Sunday Saver" in reference to football season). I started to get cold feet standing there, so I pushed the bell.

Julie answered dressed casually, and as she greeted me and I followed her inside, I noticed again what an attractive woman she was. We sat in her kitchen and made small talk, and I avoided the reason I came as long as I could. And then as our conversation wound down it got a little awkward.

After a little bit of fumbling in our conversation, Julie asked me if everything was OK. I assured her things were fine, and then she asked if things were OK between us. That managed to break my hesitation and I blurted out that I had brought something for her.

Her eyes lit up and she smiled eagerly asking what it was. Instantly I regretted saying anything. I flushed and stammered a bit, but then I regained control as I realized this was just my good friend Julie. "Well I think I have what you need to get you past your little problem." There was immediate recognition in her eyes and I knew she had been looking forward to it. I cast a glance at the door and suggested, "Why don't we go in the other room?"

Julie led me out of the kitchen, but instead of turning into the living room, she led me down the hall and into her bedroom. I swallowed hard decided to I'd have to take control of the situation or it might end up like before.

I sat on her bed and pulled out each of the things I brought, and began to casually describe to her how I used each. Her eyes lit mischievously when she saw the dildo, and she immediately picked it up to look more closely at it.

"Wow, it looks so real. It has little veins and everything." Julie said.

"Maybe that's what you're missing: a little realism. An extra little bit of that while you fantasize can't hurt, right?"

"Um, I guess not." Julie replied. "But how do you use it?" Julie was trying different grips, at one point holding it like a knife out of Psycho.

"Here, let me show you." And I took it from her. "What I usually do is sit back against the headboard... Uh, why don't you go ahead and, um, take off, uh you know..."

Julie nodded and began to get undressed. As I watched her I thought again about how beautifully proportioned she was. After pulling off her top and shorts, she pulled off her panties, and then surprised me by unsnapping her bra as well and tossing it away. As Julie paused for a moment, I thought about how nice her breasts went with the rest of her. I could see her nipples stiffening further, and I began to feel that tingle again. Again I tried to take charge.

I had her sit against the headboard beside me and I handed her the dildo. I then began to describe to her the process I often went through of getting my fantasy started and warming the dildo in my hands. 

"Actually," I confessed to her, "I call it a 'cock' or 'my cock' because it sounds better."

Julie hesitated with the cock in her hands and said, "Uh, Erin this feels kind of weird."

"Well you have to use your imagination more..." I began to reply.

"No, I mean, like this, on the bed here with you... I mean I'm naked and you're not. I feel very exposed... Could you take off your clothes too?"

I started to object, but then I realized I would feel the same way in her place. And, I really wanted to help Julie learn to do this, so I slid off the bed and quickly discarded my skirt and top. Then in my bra and panties I asked, "Is this OK?"

Julie smiled and said, "Yes, I don't feel so embarrassed now."

So I resumed my place next to her and continued. I began to describe our encounter with David over again for her to spur her imagination and get her juices flowing. I told her to take the cock in her mouth and imagine blowing David. Then I had her move the wet cock to her nipples and circle them a bit, before slowly working her way down to her pussy. 

Julie gasped as she circled her nipples with the cock. Her nipples were standing tall and she had goose bumps all over her areola.

I described to her how I like to caress myself over the hood of my clit and excite myself to the point that my pussy begins to leak. When I'm not taking my time I lick the dildo to get it wet enough for easy entry, but I prefer to take my time. That way, when I'm wet already, I don't have to use anything on the dildo to get it in. If I'm really wet, it may slide all the way in without pause.

Julie was breathing heavy now and I could see how her pussy was beginning to open, already a hint of wetness could be seen. It wasn't long before she had the entire cock inside of her pumping away with one hand while, with the fingers of her other hand, she circled her clit, and occasionally reached down to feel her wetness between her fingers as she slid the cock in and out.

It didn't take long for her to get going, I was amazed at how fast she'd taken to using it, and how excited she'd become. Already there was a sheen of perspiration on her that made her glow. As I watched, I was fascinated by the beauty and sexiness she exuded in her passion. She gasped and moaned as well, and before I knew it my panties were very wet. 

After several minutes of watching Julie get higher and higher, I knew she had to cum soon. She was breathing very hard now, and then she started to make stabbing thrusts into her pussy and rubbing her clit franticly. I became concerned and told her to slow a bit. She reached up and began alternating pinching her nipples violently and returning to rub her clit.  She didn't seem to hear me so I tried harder to interrupt her, finally I grabbed her hand and said, "Julie, stop!"

She stopped immediately and looking up at me began to cry in frustration. As she sobbed she explained that this was how it had always been for her. I pulled her head to me and held her as she continued and let it all out.  Finally she wound down and I told her, "Don't worry, you just need to relax more. Here start again slowly and I'll help you more."

So Julie settled herself back again and began to go through it. I told her to imagine David fucking her again from behind and I added color to the description. I used my hands to caress her thighs, her neck, her hair. 

As she got deeper into it again, Julie moaned and said, "My nipples."

"Hmm?" I replied.

"My nipples are very... uh... sensitive." And I realized she wanted me to help her there.

So I brought my hand up to her breast and lightly circled the nipple. She moaned and moved a bit, so I used a little more pressure and, surrounding the nipple with the tips of my fingers, I pulled gently. 

"Oh, yesssss." Julie licked her lips and moaned again.

I saw that this was making her hotter so I scooted down a bit so I could use both hands. This made Julie more vocal. "Oh, yeah. That's it." I then cupped and gently squeezed her breasts before returning to her nipples. "Oh, Erin, yes..."

Julie continued to get higher and as my hands began to get tired, I leaned in and started using my mouth, suckling at her like a baby. 

Julie seemed to go to the moon. "Oh my god! Oh, yes, Erin, Oh, that's it. Yes!"

I tasted her sweat, and I found myself caught up in her emotion. Instead of turning me off it was exciting me more. I licked broad circles around her nipple and resumed working on the other with my hand. I was very wet, and while I continued to lick and suck at her, I remember thinking that it was no wonder guys go crazy over women's breasts. I wanted to rub myself, but I couldn't let her go. I needed to help Julie get off, and I found myself enjoying her breast. 

Soon I moved to my knees so I could get at her other breast, and Julie continued vocally, and getting higher and higher. I was entranced by the feel of her hard nipple on my tongue and began enjoying it like sucking cock. I found myself getting so hot, I wondered if one could cum from just this...

But soon Julie was at that point again. "Oh, Erin, I can't... It's not working..." As her movements slowed, her tone became pleading. "Erin, let me again? I need it, oh God, I need it. Please let me do you like before... Let me lick you, Erin. I need to eat you, please, I have to cum!"

My mind started to short out. I felt a spasm in my cunt as she said that and my nipples twinge, and I felt a deep desire to let her. To let her lick me again and overwhelm me once more. But as soon as that thought came I felt that deep fear in the pit of my stomach. I quickly tried to think of David, of being married, of being called a dyke...

"Oh, please Erin, just once more? I need to feel you cum..."

And then I knew what I needed to do. I knew how I could get her off, and how I could avoid the seduction of her tongue on my pussy.

"No, Julie, I'm so close..." I knew I had to make it sound real. I had to make her believe I was going to cum from what I was doing to her. I had to make her believe. "Oh, God." I resumed sucking on her nipple trapping it with my tongue and coaxing it from underneath. In between sucks I spoke. "Your nipples are like little cocks and I'm so hot Julie. Oh, I'm so wet, I'm going to cum from just this..."

Julie's pleas faded with an, "oh", and her motions resumed more methodically. My words were greeted with longer moans and deeper thrusts. I continued for several minutes.

"Oh, yes, so good" My licks and caresses were passionate as I continued, but I was running out of what to say. I was hotter than I'd ever been. Usually by the time I get to this place, a few rubs or one plunge of a cock will send me over. I began to want to have her lick me and that thought spurred me to more action. I remembered that she hadn't need to be vocal at all to send me over.

As her nipple popped from my mouth I caught it with one hand and continued pulling it as I made my way lower. I felt the spasms in my pussy as I neared her hand that was working on her clit, but I tried to suppress them as I moved in. 

Her hand moved aside as it brushed my cheek, and I started with a short kiss and then a long lick. Her juices were as I remembered on my husband's cock and later on her tongue. I felt her hand wet with her juices in my hair and again my pussy twitched. As best as I could I did what she had done to me the other day.

Soon her other hand had left the dildo and had begun to caress my back while the other petted my hair and head. I moaned and immediately felt a response from her. Then I heard her gasp as my lips smacked once and I began making more sound. She seemed to like it so I continued further, and as I did my horniness was overtaking me. 

I began to get urgent in my movements, I knew I needed to get her off soon or I wouldn't be able to resist her. So again I spoke to her in between licks.

"Oh, God, I'm so hot Julie... I need to cummm,... I need to feel you cum for me baby." She began to thrusting up at me and I cupped her ass to hold myself with her. "Yesss, that's it... (lick) almost there (suck)... yesss (kiss)."

Her thrusts where quick now and I knew it was the time. "That's it honey... (lick) (kiss) (suck) ...Now, baby, now. Make me cum!" and I planted myself to her and vibrated my tongue over the hood of her clit.

"Oh, Erin, Oh God!" As Julie began to spasm I felt a tidal wave over take me. Exploding from my cunt, a massive orgasm over took me. I found myself riding with her for what seemed like ages as I came. I pushed my tits down onto her belly to feel the motion on my nipples. My heard my moans begin to harmonize with her cries as we were carried away...