 I had never been the type of girl to really look at other girls. I mean, yeah, I had seen my fair share of porno and don't get me wrong, I was a little bit fascinated and turned on by the idea of lesbian sex, but really I never thought any of that was for me. I was perfectly content with boys, the perverted comments and rough touches. Yeah, that was kind of a turn off every now and then and let's just say, I didn't quite make them too happy when they didn't pleasure me quite like I wanted to be, but they dealt. I was good with my hands so in turn, it was enough for them.

It was until lately that I had enough of the boys and their bodily appendages that I didn't enjoy pleasuring as much any more. I was looking for something more, but where could I find it? All my girlfriends are straight. In fact, they all have their own boyfriends. Ugh and personally, I hate hanging out with them because they're so disgusting and repulsive. Question: Why do guys find it necessary to burp out or fart? Can't they just be nice, flirtatious, and charming? I ask myself this all the time and really I think it's becoming a lost cause.

Which is why recently, I've been kind of avoiding hanging out with my friends and their boyfriends. I've found that I have a better time when I'm alone. I don't have to worry about impressing anyone, or keeping my rude comments about the boys to myself. Yeah, I'm rather cynical so I always have something smart to say to my friend's about their boyfriends. They don't enjoy it too much, but whatever, I've never been one to care so much. I have more important things to worry about, not my friend's annoying boyfriends and their heinous habits.

So since all my friends were out with said boyfriends, I decided my quality alone time could be spent at the mall. Honestly, what girl doesn't love to shop? I was actually in Victoria's Secret, looking at sexy lingerie for 'him.' I laughed to myself while looking at it, wondering if I ever would find a guy I could wear this stuff for. I'm a senior in high school, haven't dated in years. Just had those casual friends with benefits for a little while. I was really beginning to wonder if I should just give up on guys entirely. That maybe there could be someone else out there for me who would want to see me in one of these sexy lingeries.

I backed up, my body hitting something firm but soft. I turned around, seeing that I bumped into a brunette girl. "Wow, I'm sorry," I said, placing my hand lightly on her forearm. 

She looked at me and smiled, shaking her head. "No, really, it was my fault," she replied sweetly. I smiled back at her. This girl was really pretty. She had these bright blue eyes, practically like the sky, and silky chestnut brown hair that flowed lightly over her breasts. Type of girl that would knock a guy out, take anyone's breath away. She was probably in here looking for something to wear for her boyfriend that night anyway. Okay so, why did I even care?

"No, I'm just such a klutz sometimes," I stated, pushing some dirty blonde bangs out of my eyes. My green eyes skimmed over the girl quickly. Not a real big chest, but decent sized. Maybe a 32C, but sorry, I knocked her out of the water with my 34D's. Gift from my mom. She had a tight little tummy, curvy hips, and pretty nice legs. She was in one of those cute little jean skirt things that let the eyes wander. I tried not to though, but it was hard. This girl was pretty gorgeous.

It was weird though, how had this connection. We started talking about how, miraculously, she was a klutz too, and silly times where we bumped into people, knocked things over in public. The girl really had a great personality, very bubbly and energetic, yet she had something mysterious about her. Something I really wanted to explore and get to know. And as surprising as it seems, we left Victoria's Secret together and shopped for a while, just enjoying each other's company. It was nice to meet another person who had similar tastes in clothes, and for as beautiful as she was, struggling in the guy department as well.

"Hey, tonight I'm having this get together with some of my friends. Do you want to join us?" She asked me and immediately my eyes lit up. A little desperate and eager for socializing? Yeah, maybe I was but she seemed just as eager to have me over. I nodded, flipping out my cell phone to get her number and she did the same. I saved her address in the notepad on my phone, as lame as it sounds. Hey, I like to keep things easy and accessible. We bid our farewells and I went home, totally excited for this little party I was going to attend tonight.

I arrived home around 6 o'clock, my mom cooking dinner in the kitchen. She asked me how shopping was and all those other annoying motherly questions. Hello, mom, I'm eighteen. Leave me alone, alright? But whatever, I told her about Becca, the girl I met in the mall and how we had a pretty good time. That she actually is a freshman in the local college, and she's having a Mary-Kay party at her apartment tonight. Mary-Kay party my ass, most likely a drinking party, but I figured the Mary-Kay would score me major points with my mom. Which it did, she totally said I could go. I threw on a pair of hip hugger jeans, and a low cut, metallic silver top. Grabbed my purse, slipped on a pair of matching shoes, and headed out the door without dinner.

I got to Becca's apartment and knocked on the door, hear soft jazz music from inside. Becca opened the door, a big smile on her face. "Hey!" She exclaimed, ushering me inside. I stepped in, some people looking at me quizzically, not knowing who I am. It's not like I knew who they were either so I smiled awkwardly at them. "Guys, this is Anna. I met her at the mall today. She has guy problems just like us." They all nodded and smiled all knowingly and I smiled back, genuinely this time. She led me inside, introducing me to a couple of her girlfriends. They were all extremely nice and probably some of the prettiest girls I had ever seen in my life. I could not wait until I got to college.

This girl Sasha and I were chatting it up for a while. I really enjoyed her conversation and I could have sworn I caught her looking at boobs every now and then, but I thought nothing of it. "Hey, if we do partners tonight, you're mine," she said to me before walking off to get something to drink. I looked after her, eyebrows raised, extremely confused. Partners for what? I had no idea what she was talking about. I looked around, some other people paired off, some in threes. It all looked normal to me, they were just talking and drinking, and everyone seemed to be enjoying herself, since the party was all girls. I thought nothing of it.

Becca used her ring on her finger and tapped her glass, a ringing sound filling the air and everyone looking over at her. "Everyone, I'm happy to announce we have a new recruit tonight, Anna. I hope you all make her feel good and welcome. We're gonna get things started now that everyone has seemed to have selected who they're going to spend the evening with." I looked at Becca oddly, then around the room, everyone nodding, some girls taking hands with the other or putting their arms around each other. What was going on? Was I at some swinger party or something?

Sasha walked back over to me and slipped her hand in the back pocket of my jeans, leaning over and nibbling on my earlobe lightly. I was too afraid to back away from her, I wasn't sure what to do. It felt kind of nice though. You know, guys don't do things to make girls feel good anymore. They just do it so they can get some serious ass back. "Okay, great. Since Anna is new, she and her partner which seems to be Sasha. Yeah, you go girl! Anyway, she gets to pick where they're located tonight. And also if she just wants it to be her and Sasha, or if others are allowed joining when they're finished with their partner or partners in some cases," Becca winked at everyone and some of the girls laughed.

So now I was put on the spot. Okay well, if I was going to do this, I wanted to at least pick somewhere I wouldn't have to worry about making a fool out of myself. "Uh, the bedroom," I mumbled nervously. Sasha whispered 'us alone' in my ear, so I then stated, "Sasha and I, just us." Becca nodded and there were some disappointed groans, but Sasha took my hand and led me into the bedroom, shutting the door behind us and locking it.

"Listen, Sasha, I have to be honest with you. I've never-" she cut me off with a hard kiss before I could even finish. She pushed me over towards the bed, kissing my passionately, her hands running through my hair. I went with it, kissing her back, both of my hands on her cheeks. The back of my knees hit the bed and I sat down and scooted backwards, Sasha crawling to be on top of me. Her hand instinctively went between my legs and she began rubbing my clit through my jeans. I moaned into the kiss, moving to kiss along her jaw then down to her neck where I sucked viciously at it. Okay, this was all kind of turning me on so I wasn't about to stop whether it was a first time experience or not.

Sasha, who was clearly in total control at this point, yanked my shirt off over my head fiercely. I even heard some seams rip, which caused me to pout slightly, but then smirk as her long, platinum blonde hair that dangled from her head teased my nipples. She leaned down and began to ravish my right breast, sucking and biting, causing me to arch my back and force more of it into her mouth. She flicked her tongue over my nipple, making it hard and aching, while her free hand worked the buttons of my pants.

I felt this was extremely unfair and pulled off her shirt as well. But she, unlike myself, had a bra on to make those plump ample breasts push up. I unhooked her bra with ease, letting it fall away with our other discarded clothing. I reached up, taking her one breast in my hand, groping at it, rolling her nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I had no idea doing things like this with another girl could be so hot, making me so wet and throbbing between my legs.

She pushed my hand away, shaking her finger and mouthing 'no' to me. All right, I was fine with that. If she wanted to be the one get down to business, I wasn't in any position to stop her. She slid down, kissing between my breasts, down my stomach, to my navel, dipping her tongue inside and swirling it around. She looked up at me and for a moment we made eye contact. Her eyes were full of lust and want, some lust and some lust as well. I wasn't going to deny it, I wanted this. I had always been curious, wanting to see what it was like, and my opportunity arose. Like hell I was going to make her stop now.

She tugged down my jeans and tossed them. She came back up to kiss my lips again while her hand worked and rubbed at my clit through my sparkly green thong. She rubbed me hard, making the bud between my legs swell and ache. I moaned at her touch and shifted my hips. She knew exactly what she was doing. "Awhh, is little Anna getting ansty?" She asked me in a teasing tone and I nodded, biting my lip.

"Uhhh huhhh," I moaned and she smirked at me. She moved down on me, her legs dangling off the bed. I scooted upwards for her, my back sitting upright partially on the headboard. Her face was between my legs and she ran her nose up and down my slit in such a teasing way, I almost screamed out for her to fuck me.

"Ohh, you're so wet," she looked up at me, grinning. "Do you want it, baby? Do you want it?" Oh god, I couldn't take it. Her voice was so seductive, her fingers were running up and down my slit now as she awaited my answer.

"Please," I gasped. "I want it." She nodded at me, still smirking and then disappeared. Her face pressed between my legs, her nose running up and down in that teasing way again, and then she dipped her tongue inside of me. I moaned out, practically screamed, revealing the feel of her mouth on my soaking wet sex. She buried her face inside me even more, practically shoving her whole face between my legs. She wiggled her face as her tongue went deeper inside my hole. She sucked on the soft skin around it, even biting once or twice. I could hardly bare it, I bucked my hips and pushed myself into her face while gripping the sheets of the bed.

"Ugh, are you gonna cum? Cum, baby, cum!" She removed her face from me for a second, looking up. I nodded at her, desperate for her to keep going. She grinned and dove right back in, licking around my clit, flicking her tongue over it quickly. She continued working my clit with her mouth while inserting two fingers into my dripping cunt. I screamed out, feeling myself build to the max, my legs shaking and quivering, before cuming all over Sasha's face. She licked up my juices and crawled back on top of me, laying her own wet pussy on mine.

I took a few deep breaths before grinding my hips into hers, rubbing our pussies together. She groaned and straddled me while I sat up and spread my legs. She wrapped hers around my back and forced her own pussy down on mine, causing the friction and wetness between them to grow. She pushed hers down with a rough demeanor and I too grinded mine right back into hers thrusting my hips to make her groan. She did, her wet self sliding all over me.

I decided that I had to make this girl cum. She was so close too it, I could feel her body shaking, but she wasn't there just yet. I slid down beneath her, grabbing her ass and pushing her pussy up towards my face. She lowered her pussy over my mouth, sitting on my face. Her hands grabbed the headboard as I slipped my tongue inside her, sucking and licking fiercely. I never thought another woman would taste this good, that I would want to do this so bad to her, but I did. I wanted this girl to cum all over my face. I wanted to do whatever I had to to make that happen.

I licked up her slit and moved my tongue over her clit lightly, teasingly. "Harder. Harder, please," she cried out but I continued my slow pace over her clit. Her body tensed and her hot juices poured over my face and I licked them up eagerly. She pulled herself off of me and laid down beside me, panting and gasping for air. I too did the same and looked over to her, smiling. She smiled back and rolled over to lay herself on top of me. Her body felt so good against mine, her boobs mashing with my own, our bodies complimenting each other's curves. Wow, I never thought lesbian sex would be this phenomenal.

"So what were you saying before?" She asked, trailing kisses down from my jaw, to my chest, to play with my boobs a little with her mouth. I laughed lightly which turned into a light little whine at her tugging at my nipple with her teeth. But before I could reply, there was a knock at the door. Sasha looked up at me with a sly grin, "looks like some others want to play."