 You walk out of your house, and get inside a car with her. The love of your life, the one who you do risky things in public. You both love being able to get away with doing sexy things in public places with out being caught, you even have a board marked with all your successful and un successful happenings. the only rules are don't get caught, and both of you have to climax. Today was a big day for both of you, as this was a new restaurant a place you have never been before. 

It only took 10 minutes to get to this place, but it felt like forever to actually get there. When you finally arrived you glance over to see her, looking right at you with a smirk. "You ready?" she asks, and you nod your head fixing the strap on hidden under you jeans. As you both get out you realise that there was a line but luckily you get pulled by her into the back of the place, you immediately panic not knowing what she is doing, but quickly calm your self when you find it was someone who was letting you both into that back. She quickly ran to the bath room with you and pushed you into a stall. 

You watch as she gets undressed, looking at her whole body. You watch as her breasts bounce out of her shirt, she glances at you and you quickly blush and start to undress. You take your pants off and the strap on springs out, you take it off and hand it to her. "Be nice" you say watching her take the strap on and put it on. "I got my friend to put the bath room as out of order,-which I should have mentioned first- we got the whole thing." You smile and she opens the stall door and starts to kiss you.

You kiss back, while she puts you on the counter and pulls your shirt and bra off. She leans in and kisses your neck, trailing her way down to your breast sucking on your nipple. she continues her way down to your belly then your vagina. You are dripping wet by this time, she then grips your legs and opens them slipping her tongue into you. You moan a little running your fingers through her hair, pushing her mouth closer. She moves her hands up and starts rubbing your clit while still licking you. She stops and starts to frown, "you are looking so tight baby, ill fix that." she pulls you closer and starts to take off the strap on ,she takes your hand and puts it on her and soon you end up with your fingers inside her wiggling then around in her wetness. 

She softly moans and starts to kiss you again, while she slips her fingers into you as well. You think to your self,could this get any better? Just then it did, as she brought out your favorite toy. The double end vibrating dildo. You getoff the counter and sit on the fresh clean floor with her. You slip the toy inside of your self the same time she does, you both push it in so deep your crotches rub together. Then she hits a button putting it on the highest mode, it vibrates like crazy and you both moan. You start to kiss her double D breasts while she rubs your clit again. She breaths on your neck making you melt inside.

She starts to breathe heavy but in pace with her rubbing of your clit, then it hits you, she is going to climax! You quickly take out the amazing dildo and she frowns, you then lay her down and put your body so close to hers you breasts touch. She blushes as you put your hand on her belly. You pick up the strap on and strap it on. "i'll be careful babe." you whisper in her ear, then you start to thrust into her. She moans your name and pushes you onto the floor, getting on top of you and rocking her body. You grab her bum and she puts her hands on your shoulders. She starts to move up and down picking up her pace. "oooohhh f-fuuck baby i-i-im gonna..im gonna c-cum!" she says slowly. She goes faster, once again you rub her clit while still grabbing her bum.

A few seconds later she cums like crazy and just seeing that is enough to make you cum as well. "wow baby girl, you are amazing!" she says still panting. I laugh at her and thank her telling her she was better, we both get dressed and put away are toys. We walk out the back again getting into the car. I pull out a note book marking down another success, and put it away. "Where to know?" she asks. 

"Lets get something to eat, and after for dessert I'll eat you in the candy shop down the street." I wink at her and she slightly moans "that would be great."

-END-