 I walked into her office as I had every Thursday afternoon for the last few months. She greeted me with a smile, as I sat on her leather couch. I sank into it, while she continued to write things in files. I glanced around her office, noticing the art on the wall, as usual. I wondered to myself, is that what I think it is? It seemed to be of two women dancing, but I wasn't sure. She cleared her throat to let me know that our hour had officially started.

We talked of the things we usually talked about...my self worth, my issues with feeling inadequate, things of that nature. She was always looking at me in an odd way, but I figured that she was just 'analyzing me' like all good shrinks do. Funny thing is, I felt her stare piercing right through me, warming me inside in a way that I was not familiar with. She asked me how my sex life was, startling me.

She laughed softly, telling me that it was all part of how I really viewed myself as a person of worth. After all, she stated, it was in the throes of passion with another person in that realm of complete giving that one truly knew just how comfortable they really were with themselves. I blushed and glanced around the room, finally staring at the picture of the women dancing. This caught her attention, as she leaned forward and also enjoyed the picture with me.

She asked me what I thought of that picture and I told her that while I feel connected to that picture in a way, I could never be with a person in that sense, truly opening up and being myself. She told me that I was a very sensual person, that I held a fire inside that she hasn't seen in a long, long time. As I turned to look at her, boggled by her comment, she reached out and lightly touched my cheek, tracing my jaw line.

This made me gasp and stiffen. It felt like she had electrified me with her touch. My pussy quivered to my surprise as I secretly wanted her to go further. She was very beautiful, long dark hair, green eyes, soft, clear skin. I never realized until now just how attracted I was to her, it made so much sense now why I enjoyed coming to therapy every Thursday afternoon.

Her hand continued down my jaw line, until she held my chin in her palm. With her other hand, she ran it through my hair, making me close my eyes in desire. The leather couch made that lovely sound that turns me on, that delicious squeaking under my weight. I laid back on it as she rose to greet me there, in the corner on that hot buttery couch.

As she leaned into me, her hair fell across my breasts, brushing my cleavage. I took her scent in, as well....she smelled like the woods on a clear, fall night. She grabbed my hair and pulled back slightly until my head was resting on the armrest, exposing my neck. Her mouth was so hot, her tongue ever hotter. She licked my neck, my earlobe, where she stopped to suck and nibble, causing me to moan in her hair.

I reached around to play my fingers on her back, feeling her bra and so desperately wanting to unhook it, but at the same time, was so afraid. She noticed this, looked me in the eye and winked before kissing me full on the mouth. I unhooked her bra feeling her breasts lay their weight on my own now, their warmth feeling so right on me. All I wanted to do at this moment was to see, feel, taste her breasts as I unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her full breasts and hard, brown nipples.

She leaned back a bit as I caressed her left breast, lightly flicking her erect nipple with my tongue. I rolled her other nipple between my thumb and finger, causing her to arch her back. Her moans were now so load that I was afraid that her secretary would hear us and interrupt us. I sat up, her straddling my legs, while my hands are still manipulating her nipples with my fingers and tongue. Her breath quickens, letting me know that she is liking what I'm doing.

She leans back onto the couch, still across my legs, as I get on my knees and lower myself onto her. I kiss her neck, her collar bones, her breasts and nipples and down her belly. I stay awhile there, lightly brushing my lips on her smooth, flat stomach, dipping my tongue in her belly button. My hands are grasping her ass cheeks, pulling her crotch against mine, feeling the heat generated there. This causes her to moan loud again and grind into me. I know she's ready, as I find no resistance when I undo her black slacks and find red lacy panties underneath.

I slip my hand beneath them, my fingers searching for her center. I find wetness everywhere, and I slide my finger into her pussy while my thumb strums her clit. A low whimper escapes her mouth as she quivers on my lap. I insert another finger while pumping her cunt slow and deep, stroking her G spot. Her hands are on my breasts, manically squeezing and pinching my nipples. With my free hand and one of hers, we manage to remove my top and bra, freeing my breasts for her to pleasure.

She is rocking on my hand, her tight, wet cunt gripping my stroking fingers as she rubs her ass on my lap. I slip yet another finger, making this three now, deep inside her soaking pussy, still thumbing her rock hard clit. She begs me to stop and suck her clit and fuck her with my tongue. I glance over at the dancing women in the picture, as I happily oblige her wish.

I take my soaking hand from her core and she takes it and licks my fingers clean, taking them deep into her mouth. I stand, all the while keeping hold of her, making sure she's comfortable on the couch as I kneel on the carpet in front of her. I remove her heels, she raises up as I slide her slacks off and lay them on the floor. All that is between her and I now are her red lacy panties, which are soaked, and her black thigh high stockings.

I take the stockings and unroll them one at a time, all the while kissing her legs and inner thighs. Her scent is so powerful as I get closer to her center. She pushes her cunt into my mouth as I pull back and grin up at her. I reach under her, grabbing her soft ass and pulling her to me, extending my tongue towards her hard clit. Her legs quivered as I lapped at her clit and tasted what I had done to her. She arched her back and grabbed my head, guiding me to where she wanted, needed me.

I continued to flick my tongue on her clit as she moved her cunt on my chin. I slid two fingers into her tight pussy as she let out a loud moan. Her hips were finding a rhythm to match my tongue, my fingers, our breathing. She let loose, spilling her juices onto my hand, drenching my fingers as they were being squeezed by her contractions. She rocked her cunt faster, then slower with periodic thrusts as wave after wave swept over her.

She raised up and leaned forward, taking my face in her hands while grinning slyly at me. We kissed softly at first, then more passionately as she helped to clean my wet chin, running her eager tongue over it while squeezing my breasts. My nipples were so hard that they felt like little pebbles in between her fingertips as she toyed with them. She bent to kiss, then suck them into her mouth as her free hand wandered below to my wetness.

My knees started to buckle and she told me to sit in her chair at her desk. I obeyed her and was treated with her yanking my Levi's down around my ankles first. My white cotton panties were damp by now, and this turned her on. Her chair was cool against my hot skin, and forced me to let out a soft moan. She held me, wrapping her arms around my shoulders, kissing me softly. I took in her scent as she lingered there, whispering in my ear the things that she wanted to do to me.

She slowly descended down my front, stopping only to nibble and bite my now sore nipples. I let my fingers play in her dark hair, guiding her. She allowed me this, but did not rush her journey. She knew what she wanted and was not going to allow me to quicken her path for my own pleasure. My belly danced under her sensual kisses. Her hands played across my belly, down to my cunt. As she neared, I moaned loudly and begged her to hurry. The look I received told me that I was to wait for her. She licked my stomach, from side to side and down to my belly button, where she kissed it as she would my mouth.

I could feel my wetness growing as she got closer to my core. I needed her. I needed her to release my pleasure, my desires. I leaned my head back and noticed the picture of the dancing women. They seemed to be caught up in our session here as well. They danced with each other around and around in sheer delight, when it finally hit me. I told her that I had to have her in me now. She lunged her tongue into my dark wetness. She fucked me with her tongue and then brought her fingers up to my dripping, aching cunt.

I moaned as she slipped one, then two, then three inside me. Her tongue moved to my clit, where it didn't take long before I was squirming and writhing on her hand and mouth. I looked up at the picture as I came hard and furious in her chair. She continued to lap up my juices until I stopped quivering. We stood to dress, but stopped as we hugged each other, kissing and nibbling. I dressed while watching her. She was an amazingly beautiful woman who had just taken our therapy to new heights. 

She made another appointment for me on the following Thursday, smiled, and let me out of her office. After reaching my car in the deserted parking lot, I looked down at the slip of paper. Under the date and time, was a hand scrawled note. It was her home number. I smiled as I started the car and drove towards home.