 "Language Theresa!"

"But Mrs. Bradshaw, I only said. ..."

"Hush Theresa, I will not have such rude vernacular spoken in my boarding house! Also, kindly remove your elbows from the tabletop. More over, the fork was placed on the left side of your plate for a specific reason." Theresa blushed as she looked around at the other five girls, some of them putting on airs. 

"I never ate before with my left hand Mrs. Bradshaw."

"You are a student now in the most prestigious Ladies College in this country Theresa; you must learn assume the manners of an aspiring lady. Snickering is not polite Helen! I will make a note of this in your ledger."

"Yes Mrs. Bradshaw, I'm sorry."

***

"What is with that woman Diane; it's just a boarding house for heavens sake. She's not my mother." They were dodging traffic, crossing the broad avenue heading for the college across the street.

"It's better than living in one of the dorms, Theresa and there are no other accommodations within walking distance. You'll get used to her; she is a warm caring woman inside that highbrow amazon exterior."

"She's stricter than any of our teachers and she has nothing to do with the college. And her boarding house entrance requirements are tougher than the college's "

"This is my third year Theresa. I lived the first year in the dorms and was glad to get out She wants a certain type of girl in her house. You know, so there won't be fights and all that." They mounted the steps and headed for their respective classrooms. 

***

"Diane, wake up."

"What, what...?" 

"Listen, in the next room, somebody is beating up somebody." 

"Oh they're just having a little innocent fun."

"What do you mean fun? Somebody is being slapped in Kirsten and Sue Lin's room."

"Oh just a little hand spanking, only a few love taps; they'll kiss and make up. There'll be ecstatic moaning in a minute. Listen."

"They're giggling now, Diane." 

"Don't worry maybe it'll be our turn tomorrow night. Go to sleep."

"Our turn for what, flagellation and lesbian love making?" Diane sat up and kissed Theresa warmly on the cheek."

"You want to do it with me now?"

"Do what Diane? I'm not a lesbian that's a sinful act."

"So is masturbation, don't tell me you've never done that."

"Never! ... Well, not really; not ... very often that is." Diane threw herself back on the pillow and pulled Theresa over next to her. "No Diane I'm not doing that with you, never!"

"Alright let's just hug then and listen to the next room. You don't mind hugging me do you?"

"No, just as long as you don't try anything else." They listened to the moaning in the other room until it fell silent. Diane kissed her on the cheek and again half on the lips, hugging her tightly. "That ... that was on the lips Diane, please don't do that.

"You are snuggling into me, you like that don't you?" Theresa pulled back and pushed Diane's hand away.

"I ... I did for a minute but it's not right. I'm not a lesbian. They were silent for a few minutes. "Diane?"

"Let me sleep now, we'll talk tomorrow, OK?"

"I just want to know one thing?"

"What? I'm tired."

"What's it like being a ... a lesbian?"

"First of all, I'm not a lesbian. I just take orgasms where I can get them. Secondly, what's it like being heterosexual?"

"Well I don't know I've never had an orgasm, with ... a person." 

"You still got your cherry?'

"No. ... I don't think so. I just..."

"You deflowered yourself. Lost of girl's do that, horny girls that is. You're sexual be glad of it. Some women never have one orgasm in a lifetime. You must have had plenty of guys after you though?"

"Good looking boys are not interested in me, I'm too fat and anyway I'm saving myself." Diane sat up and turned the night light on. 

"Honey you're not fat, just well developed. In our grandfather's time you would have been the belle of the ball." "Yes but that's not the Hollywood image today, is it?"

"Well sweetie, you turn me on." Diane turned reaching one arm across her bedmate. They gazed into each other eyes in the dim light. Theresa nervously pushed one hand against Diane's shoulder. 

"No Diane I can't. I won't, it's wrong!"

"You eyes are saying yes, yes, Theresa; you know that." She began to gently caress Theresa's hip and outer thigh. Theresa was breathing deeply, her mind desperately searching for a logical reason to stop her body's desire to let go and surrender. Diane's hand moved to her inside thigh groping and caressing the soft flesh while slowly moved closer to its inevitable destination. Theresa vainly closed her thighs on the invasive hand but it was too late. She gasped as a finger slipped under her panties groping through her bush, gently tracing her outer labia.

"No Diane, no please." Her thighs spread and her pelvis rose as she spoke, belying her words. Diane palmed her mound, her fingers gently closing, squeezing probing. "Oh no, Diane oh no, what are you doing to me? Please..." She began to rock her pelvis into the probing hand while her own was transformed from brace to hook, pulling Diane's face down to her open mouth. A tongue entered there, as a finger entered her vagina. She shook spasmodically while her thighs opened and closed in time with her breathing. Diane worked one finger inside, her thumb caressing the inner labia and clitoris while another finger ever so gently stroked her perineum. Totally intoxicated with passion for her lover but uncertain of how to respond she gingerly caressed Diane's back. They sucked on each other's lips until Theresa began to moan loudly, as her orgasm shot ever-increasing rushes throughout her body. Diane kissed her neck and breast while caressing her body gently as Theresa's rush wore down. 

"I never thought sex could be that great Diane. I've never felt like that doing ... it myself."

"That was only the beginning sweetie." She brought her dripping fingers to Theresa's face and wiped her lips with the honeyed juices of her climax.

"What, what are you ... that's my...."

"That 's right honey your own love juice." She inserted her finger past Theresa's lips. Suck it sweetie." Theresa tasted cautiously and Denise then kissed her, inserting her tongue. 

"Oh Diane I should hate you for doing this to me but I felt so good, so good, um so good. What do you mean, this is only the beginning?" Diane licked Theresa's lips and inserted her tongue wiggling it teasingly 

"Next time you get the tongue dear."

"You don't mean down there?"

"If you think you had a great climax this time just wait. Next time you'll scream so loud the roof will come off."

"You don't really mean you're doing it down there, do you?"

"Good night Theresa." 

***

"Is every thing prepared Diane?"

"Yes Mrs. Bradshaw, I'm just buttering the toast and Theresa is setting the table in the dining room."

"How is your gender reform project going Diane."

"Step by step Mrs. Bradshaw, I'll know better in a few days. I must say Mrs. Bradshaw your intuition about such matters border on the magical. It has made the development and practical implication of the project much easier. I can't thank you enough for guiding me."

"Your success is my pleasure Diane, life has taught me that it's all in the eyes. I knew there would be complications because of the subject's common upbringing and family background. You are becoming a very accomplished lady Diane. I'm very proud of you."

"Thank you Mrs. Bradshaw, I'm gratified to hear that."

"Oh there you are Theresa my dear, have you completed the table setting?"

"Yes Mrs. Bradshaw and the other girls are ready to say grace as soon as you come in."

"The sugar and cream tray is still here Theresa; so you are not finished are you now?"

"No Mrs. Bradshaw, I'm so sorry. I'll get right on it." 

"You do that dear." Theresa picked up the overlooked item and head back to the dining room.

"There seems to be a distinct change in Theresa's manners this morning Diane; slightly more worldly somehow." 

"People change sometimes, Mrs. Bradshaw; like you said many times: life is full of surprises."

"That is very perceptive of you Diane; again I'm very proud of you." 

*** Theresa got in bed first while Diane undressed. She turned facing away as Diane cuddled up to her under the covers. "You're shaking Theresa, you're not sick are you?"

"I ... I don't know Diane. I just feel strange that's all." Diane hugged her tightly cooing expectantly.

"You're afraid of what I told you last night?" She whispered the words into Theresa's ear, nibbling on her ear lobe while caressing her stomach. 

"I just can't believe people do that, you know with the tongue down there. You're completely naked aren't you?" Diane whispered a throaty yes into her ear. Theresa turned on her back. It just seems so ...I don't know? So unnatural." She gazed into Diane's eyes in the faint light, as if searching for an argument to her dilemma. "I ... I just couldn't do something like that, ... it..." Diane sealed Theresa's lips with her own, stirring a yearning passion in Theresa's body that warmed, but at the same time confused her. Everything she had ever learned about sexual morality was opposed to what her feelings now steered her towards. She put both arms around Diane and squeezed her, while their tongues played a passionate game of hide and seek, in that combined sea of saliva. 

Diane found her breasts under the nighty as Theresa spontaneously squeezed her thighs together in anticipation of a finger that would bring her the orgasm she now desperately hungered for. The finger didn't come, even as her pelvis raised her buttock of the sheets twisting and jerking as her entire body begged for that magic hand. When Diane steadfastly refused to move her hand from Theresa's breasts, she gasped with unfulfilled desire and grasped her hand, attempting to move it down into her crotch.

Diane stopped kissing and smiled at her nearly out of control novice lover. "What do you want Theresa?"

"You know what I want; same as last night, please I can't stand this. Do it to me; please." Diane just smiled and licked her lips teasingly. 

"Take your panties off dear." Theresa began to shake spasmodically as her facial expression became pained with both apprehension and frustration. She quickly removed the flimsy item and then leaned back closing her eyes, spreading her thighs, while her pelvis churned a slow dance on the sheets. "Now ask me for it. Tell me what you want me to do." 

Theresa still breathing rapidly opened her eyes her face pleading. "Please Diane. Please don't make me say it." Diane kissed her passionately. 

"Yes Theresa, I want those sweet lips to say what it is you want." 

She closed her eyes and pursed her lips to speak, as her breathing became spasmodic. I want ... I want you to do that down there please." 

"Do what Theresa?"

"You know with your tongue."

"Do what with my tongue, where honey."

"Lick my ... lick my ... vagina." Diane got on top of her and kissed her passionately. She pulled the nighty up over her breasts and began to kiss and lick her way down Theresa's heaving twisting body. She smiled up at her when she reached that magic crossroad where the torso becomes thighs, sheltering the temple of erotic pleasures.

"Put your hands on my head and lift your bottom until we make contact dear." Theresa obeyed palming and pressing Diane's head while eagerly lifting her hips, resulting in an oral to vaginal collision.

"Ooooh Diane," her body shook as if she'd been given an electric shock, while her thighs clamped around her lover's head and then opened again. She churned Diane's head in to her rocking twisting crotch. "Oh God Diane, what are you doing to me?" Her voiced resonated through the house; she knew but in that moment of ecstasy all modesty was thrown to the wind, as Diane's tongue explored where no tongue had ventured before. She climaxed immediately, her groaning oh's and ah's proclaiming to the boarding house that Diane had bought her to the pinnacle of oral female gratification. 

Diane moved up over top of Theresa reaching her lips, muffling her diminishing passionate moans. Theresa threw her arms and legs around her lover's body, as if that could somehow squeeze a perpetual rush out of the warm flesh that had brought about her first oral climax.

As the feeling wore down, Theresa began to tremble again. "What wrong honey, you were just screaming with pleasure?"

"Oh Diane I've never felt better or worse in my life. God will punish me; I just know it."

"Oh nonsense honey but I will punish you if you don't stop talking like an idiot."

"What do you mean punish me? How?" Diane rolled of her and sat up.

"Turn over on your stomach!"

"Why? What are you going to do?"

"Turn over I said. Now!" Theresa in her dazed state turned over not knowing what to think.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! 

Theresa was too shocked to move a limb and began to cry. Not so much from the hand spanking but rather from the emotional upset of having been made love to and then beaten almost in the same breath. 

"Why Diane? Why?" she sobbed and began to roll on her side.

"Stay where you are, I'm not done yet!" Theresa rolled back, unable resist Diane's will. Diane got on her knees and proceeded to kiss and grope the buttocks she had just inflamed. Theresa, totally confused watched over her shoulder, still sobbing but no longer trembling. Diane stopped and pushed her to turn over and then reversed her position end to end. Theresa turned on her side and let Diane lift her thigh. "I want you to do exactly what I do now honey, Alright? First raise you hip."

"Do what Diane?" She didn't answer but moved one arm under Theresa's waist and then grasped both her cheeks while placing her head on Theresa's lower thigh. Theresa reluctantly, with her head spinning in a trance like state, moved into the requested position staring at that forbidding area illuminated clearly by the bed lamp behind her. 

Diane moved her thigh slowly up and down revealing and then concealing the inner folds, the clitoris and that foreboding entrance to orgasmic ecstasy. Theresa closed her eyes, as the cleft became a long thin valley again with just a forlorn jagged edge of the inner labia peeking out. Diane began kissing her inner thighs, slowly nearing the desired objective. 

Theresa responded to one kiss then another and then one more before her lover's tongue ventured beyond that final little space to the crease and then the swollen outer mound. Theresa gingerly copied every move as her mentor's thigh closed softly on her head several times and then finally opened wide inviting unlimited exploration of that delicious valley of carnal pleasure. 

She gasped as Diane's tongue entered her body as before and then heard a satisfied groan as her own tongue gingerly nudged past the soft juicy tissue, harboring the temple from where all life and most erotic pleasure emanates. Diane's passion slowed and then increased several times and Theresa eventually realized that it was a two way street. If she wanted satisfaction resulting in a climax, she had to exhibit enthusiasm herself. She began to copy the titillating dance performed in her own pleasure centre and discovered that she could increase her own pleasure by providing more to Diane. 

Diane soon moaned her climax, shuddering spasmodically without easing her own effort between Theresa's thighs. Theresa eager for her second orgasm continued to caress and kiss the lower body of her passionate and experienced lover. She yelled out loud, as she once again reached that indescribable feeling sending her off on a barrage of rushes rocketing though her veins. 

Diane reversed her position and kissed her novice lover. "Congratulation sweetie you have just tongued your first orgasm. How does that feel?" Theresa held her tight and then bathed her tongue in a pool of shared orgasmic fluids. Relishing the taste of her new experience, she pulled back and gazed into her lover's eyes.

"You have turned me into a wicked, wicket but very satisfied girl. Thank you, ... even for the spanking." They kissed again and relaxed, savoring the feeling and fell to sleep contentedly in each other's arms.

***

"Before we clear the table ladies, I would like to make an announcement. I am happy to inform you that Diane has completed her gender reform project and we now have another full-fledged member of the sorority. Would you stand up please Theresa." Everyone applauded. Theresa stood up totally disoriented.

"What Mrs. Bradshaw? I ... I don't understand? What sorority?"

"Diane since you are responsible for reforming and initiating our new sister; I would like you to explain it to Theresa."

"Yes Mrs. Bradshaw. Dear Theresa, for the last few nights I had brought you into the world of true feminine companionship and love. You are now prepared for a life time of pleasures to compensate for the brutish, selfish animal behavior displayed by the male of our species." 

Theresa sat down hard and covered her flushing face with both hands. Kirsten and Sue Lin, sitting on either side of her, each very gently grasped her wrists pulling them away and kissing her cheeks. They both whispered welcome sister into her ears.

"You see Theresa dear," Mrs. Bradshaw added very gently. "In order to survive the ravages of marriage and motherhood; a woman needs love; tender caring love, not the temporary beastly imitation that a man provides. To balance marriage with a loving female relationship requires a certain type of mental deportment; some people would call it deceit. I call it a concealed survival strategy 

"The love you will share during your lifetime will not necessarily be from one particular woman but any number of sorority members. Only a woman can provide the tender caring intercourse the female soul thrives on. 

"There is of course no formal sorority organization but you will quickly lean how to distinguish sexual females - that is sorority sisters - from the none sexual.

"Having said that, there are many men who enjoy watching, and who would eagerly join two women in a menage a trois. Never let that fool you into thinking that a man would enjoy, understand or indeed care about the feelings two woman have for each other. He only sees female intercourse as foreplay, being displayed for the culminating of his own personal gratification. Following ejaculation he would retreat into his own selfish world and then more than likely doze off, leaving the women unfulfilled without the warm soothing attention we relish and need during and following intercourse." 

"But Mrs. Bradshaw, do you mean that I could never find a man who would really and truly love me for always?"

"Oh, that is certainly a possibility, Theresa but it would be extraordinarily rare; you would have a higher probability of winning a lottery. 

"Oh, incidentally Theresa you are switching rooms tonight. Sue Lin will be your sorority sister until further notice."

Theresa gazed shyly at Sue Lin, who took her hand in both of hers squeezing it warmly, returning a soothingly reassuring smile and then kissing her cheek. "Yes Mrs. Bradshaw," she replied - her face, suddenly reflecting the contented sophistication of a sorority sister's deportment - meeting her landladies critically approving demeanor. 

The End

Reavan I write sexual fantasies for readers who are not offended by it. Other people produce fantasies wherein cartoon animals talk like people. Even very little people know that in real life, animals don't talk. 

Any other comments to the link below. My computer is Attachment challenged, so please place those comments in the body.