 I was attracted to her from the minute I saw her step into the pool. She had long, toned legs and a cute swimsuit. I complimented her swimsuit and spent more time staring at her than swimming. I hadn't been with a woman before, but I'd had lots of crushes that I hadn't acted on. I knew I had to do something or I might regret it one day. 

I saw her in a shower cubicle, and chose one in the row opposite. She hadn't noticed me yet, and was conditioning her hair. Her swimsuit was still on, which was good for my blood pressure. Would she take it off? I was so nervous. She spotted me. We started to talk again, where we grew up, where we lived. We kept eye contact. Then, a gorgeous smile on her lips, she pushed one of her straps down, and bared a small, dark breast with a glinting silver stud in her nipple. I caught my breath, trying so hard to stay focused on her face. She must have seen me blushing. Quietly, she removed the other strap, and her other breast appeared, just as perfect as the other. They quickly became soaked by the shower, water droplets running off her smooth skin. 

I realised I was staring. She knew I was staring. She smiled. This wasn't just a shower anymore. This was a little show just for us. With her thumbs she brought the swimsuit down over her toned stomach, all the way down past her bare cunt and there she was. She stood there a minute, not breaking eye contact. A slight eyebrow raise, which seemed to say, you next. 

Similarly, I pushed my straps away, and let them linger a little. I wanted to tease her. The material edged away from my breasts until they were exposed, full and soft. My nipples were hard from the cold water and the sight of her body, and I lightly brushed over them with my hands. I noticed that she had taken some shower gel, and was rubbing herself all over. The smell of orange blossom filled the stalls. The suds contrasted with her skin, making her shine more than ever. She massaged her breasts as I peeled my swimsuit away from my body. I wanted so badly to touch her. I peeked around the edge of the cubicle, the shower area was clear for now. I beckoned her over. 

She giggled and dashed over to my cubicle. I noticed that we're the same height exactly. I saw that she had some foam on her face. I brushed it off with my thumb and kissed her, holding her cheek with one hand and pulling the other around her waist. She kissed me quickly, playfully. Her hands traced the edge of my breasts. I gasped, and kissed her neck in an attempt to be quiet. 

Her fingertips were relentless, tracing circles around my nipples so delicately that I thought I was going to faint from the pleasure. When she suddenly grabbed my nipples in a pinch I swore aloud. I had never felt this turned on. I ducked my head to her breast, swirling my tongue around her nipple. She squeaked with pleasure as I gently nibbled her, grabbing her buttocks with my hands. I wanted more. I knelt before her, and smelt orange blossom and pussy. I got her against the wall and gently spread her lips with my thumb and forefinger. She was pink and slick inside, and her clit was standing to attention. 

I gently placed the tip of my tongue where her entrance was, and slowly slid it up, stopping just before her clit. Then I did it again, gently wriggling my tongue back and forth. Her wet skin, her taste and the sounds she was making made my own pussy beg for relief, but I knew I had to concentrate. I put my other hand to use gently rubbing her labia, and all around the clitoris. She bucked her cunt against my face, desperate for release. I placed my mouth over her vulva, flicking and sucking her clit with my tongue. She grabbed my head and held it against her as she trembled.

Suddenly, she came, and as she twitched and writhed I felt her clit pulse against my tongue. I moved away as she slid to the floor, breathless. As she sat panting, with her eyes closed, pride and wonder overcame my lust. When she opened her eyes and gave me a satisfied smile the lust came running back. 

Pulling me to my feet, she squirted some of my mint shower gel into her hand. I watched her lather it slowly in her hands as she stepped towards me, coming in for another kiss, this time gentle and long. As the tip of her tongue pressed my lips I felt my shoulders tingle, as her hands rubbed the gel over my shoulders, arms and chest. As I held her waist she moved her hands from my chest down over my stomach, then over my hips and down to my arse. 

Then she started kissing my neck, starting behind my ear and heading downwards. I love having my neck kissed, and as I moaned my legs opened instinctively. By this time my cunt was aching to be touched. Whilst kissing my neck I felt her trail her fingertips along my inner thighs, tantalising brushes. I could feel myself creaming. "Please" I said. Smirking, she kissed my lips again, and started to tickle my cunt with her fingertips. 

My legs almost gave way but she was strong, and held me against the wall. I spread my legs as much as I could, needing her to touch me all over. It felt like flickering flames of pleasure. I could hear how wet I was. I urgently kissed her, and guided her hand to a rubbing motion. Luckily she was fed up of teasing me at this point, and slowly but firmly rubbed my pussy. I could see her tits bounce as she moved. Within a minute I knew I was going to cum. 

I grabbed hold of her and held her close to me, tangling my fingers in her hair. She kissed my moans away as she put pressure on my clit. She knew exactly when to stop, riding my waves of pleasure with me. I felt light-headed. I'd had lots of orgasms before, but nothing like this. As she smiled at me, I hoped this wouldn't be the last.