 Note from the Authoress: For any one who has read the Julie Journals will know I always mention that my stories are a mixture of fact and fantasy. The content of this story is pure fantasy but the characters are fact. For that reason I have not included the as part of the Julie Journals. This story is dedicated to two of My very special and very dear online lovers, I know it will never happen but if it did it may go something like this …….

*****

Julie licked her lips nervously as she watched the arrivals board flicker showing that American Airlines flight AA108 from Boston had arrived on time at 06.35. Julie's long brown hair was pulled back into a loose ponytail and her bright blue eyes were hidden beneath dark wrap round sunglasses. Under the wraps her eyes never stopped moving as she scanned the arrivals lounge. With another hot day expected Julie had dressed quickly throwing on a light summer dress and with deliberate daring discarded any form of underwear. The early morning chill and the air conditioning in the airport had combined to cause her nipples to harden and poke against the flimsy material. As Julie stood there waiting she could feel the light breeze against her freshly shaved pussy causing her to shiver as the tingling sensations ran through her body.

The doors opened and Julie studied each passenger as they looked around before meeting friends or relatives in a flurry of hugs and kisses. Then suddenly an elegant woman appeared looking a little tired but her eyes sparkling with expectation. The woman's blonde hair tumbled in curls to past her shoulders and when she moved her head the light made it shimmer like a halo. Julie knew that this was her, whispering ‘Deborah' under her breath she paused for a moment to study her and recall the times they had chatted online. Julie could feel her pussy moisten as she remembered some of the scenes they had described in minute detail, her face flushed slightly at the thoughts of how she had bought herself to a climax as they had talked and talked.

Julie stepped forward as Deborah had stopped and was looking round expectantly. Julie said nothing but just smiled at the woman, and at first no recognition was apparent but then as Julie lifted her glasses for a second Deborah's face burst into a huge smile. "Julie" she murmured and stepped forward to embrace her. The two women kissed each other on the cheeks and then hugged tightly, each inhaling the others scent. "I have waited so long for this Julie" Deborah said in a low throaty voice, "I couldn't help but rub myself under the blanket on the plane willing the plane to fly faster to your arms." Smiling brightly Julie grabbed some of Deborah's bags and the two of them made their way to the car park.

Julie sat in the car as the roof of the convertible slid silently away and leaning over Deborah reached into the glove box and dug out a spare pair of sunglasses. Julie couldn't resist planting a kiss on Deborah's long brown legs and felt Deborah's hands running through her hair, as she tasted her flesh for the first time. After tracing a circle with her tongue on Deborah's thigh, Julie sat up, and laughing happily, gunned the big motor into life and with a squeal of tyres drove out of the airport.

As they drove along the motorway Deborah watched the concentration on Julie's face as she handled the powerful car with ease. The light summer dress billowed around Julie's long tanned legs and suddenly Deborah said with a start, "You haven't got any panties on have you?" Julie just laughed and with a free hand pulled up her dress to reveal her shaven pussy. Deborah couldn't resist and leaning over played her fingers along the inside of Julie's thigh. Julie just opened her legs and allowed Deborah's finger to slip inside her soaked pussy. As the car weaved through the traffic Deborah gently finger fucked Julie, stopping every so often to remove her finger and lick it clean savouring the taste.

Deborah was still fingering Julie when they pulled into the drive of the large country hotel, and reluctantly removing her hand Deborah stared at the large country house converted into a hotel. Grabbing her by the hand Julie pulled her into the hotel, throwing the car keys to the porter as she half dragged Deborah to the suite she had booked the night before. As soon as the door closed the two women started to kiss in a long passionate embrace, tongues darting in and out until they were interrupted by a knock on the door. Breaking apart with a guilty start the porter entered with the bags and returned Julie's car keys.

As the door closed again Deborah turned to see Julie pulling the dress over her head and throwing it into a heap on the corner. Deborah stood and admired Julie's finely contoured body which whilst well muscled was in no way masculine. Turning to face Deborah with no sign of embarrassment Julie opened her legs and began to rub her pussy. "Hungry?" she enquired with a smile and needing no second invitation Deborah threw her clothes off to join Julie who by this time was lying wantonly on the bed with her legs wide.

Deborah knelt between Julie's legs and ran her tongue along the inside of Julie's thigh savouring the taste as she moved closer to her pussy. Deborah delicately ran her tongue along the folds of Julie's pussy lips before pushing inside to savour and collect her juices. Deborah heard Julie moan and felt her hands tug at her hair as she arched and writhed on the bed. 

Deborah paused for a brief moment to move from her kneeling position to on top in a 69 position before re-commencing her steady tonguing. As Deborah lapped at Julie's pussy she felt Julie's hot breath on her own pussy and pushing her tongue deep inside she felt Julie begin to lap at her own pussy. The two women tongued and licked and felt the others excitement building. Like a hurricane Julie felt the orgasm building, "Oh Deborah I am cumming" she moaned and began to lick with renewed urgency. This set Deborah off, who ground her pussy onto Julie's willing mouth as her own orgasm tore through her. As Julie lapped she felt Deborah flood into her mouth and swallowing as much as she could with the rest covering her face. Sated the two of them lay in bliss entwined with their heads resting on each others thighs, faces close to the others pussy.

Deborah must have fallen into a doze when she came awake to a playful slap on her ass. "Shower?" Julie smiled over her shoulder and walked like a cat towards the bathroom. Deborah followed her into the large bathroom where Julie had already begun running the water in the oversized shower cubicle. Running their hands across each other's bodies the two women soon found themselves concentrating on each other's pussies. Kissing strongly as they stood under the falling water, Julie thrust two fingers into Deborah's pussy and began to work them in and out. Returning the compliment Deborah began fingering Julie, matching her rhythm. "Need something more" Deborah groaned huskily, Julie nodded eagerly as Deborah stepped out of the shower and padded into the bedroom leaving wet footprints. Tipping her bag upside down Deborah found what she was looking for and quickly buckled the harness around her hips. Walking back into the bathroom Julie's eyes lit up with pleasure as she saw the size of the plastic cock jutting obscenely from Deborah groin. "This is what you want isn't it?" Deborah said softly as she rubbed the cock like it was real. Julie turned and bent over, her legs spread apart, gripping the side of the bath to steady her-self.

Deborah stepped forward and placed the tip at Julie's pussy pausing for a split second before pushing the full 9 inches to the hilt. Julie let out a deep moan of pure pleasure as Deborah held the dildo deep in her body. Deborah wound her fingers into Julie's long wet hair and pulling her head back began to thrust into her willing body. Deborah looked down and could see the thick dildo pulling at Julie's pussy lips each time she pulled back from the long slow steady strokes. Deborah varied the rhythm with long slow strokes followed by savage brutal thrusts causing Julie to rise up to her tiptoes. "Pity I didn't have some gel, I would fuck your ass as well" Deborah started to chuckle.

The laugh died in Deborah's throat as she heard a soft sweet voice just behind her saying, "would this do Ma'am?" Deborah looked over her shoulder in open mouthed shock, and there kneeling naked was a small petit Asian American holding up a tube of gel. Deborah's head spun in confusion as she heard Julie laugh softly despite the oversized dildo being still half buried in her pussy. "Think you know Kim" said Julie, "though I doubt you have ever met." In a flash of revelation Deborah realised that Julie had set the whole thing up and the kneeling girl was someone else they both knew from online.

Taking the gel Deborah squirted a generous dollop on her fingers rubbing it across Julie's star before pushing a finger deep inside. Julie moaned with delight as she felt the cold gel and Deborah's finger open her. Deborah worked another finger in and had stopped pumping with the dildo as she worked the fingers into Julie's ass. With each thrust of her fingers Deborah grunted, "set…….me……..up……would….you" but inside she was smiling. Kim moved forward and began to kiss Deborah's ass and thighs moving round to watch her work. Holding Julie's ass cheeks apart Kim watched Deborah pull out slowly from Julie's pussy and rest the dildo at Julie's star.

"Fuck her Mistress" Kim murmured softly and held her breath as Deborah pushed the dildo slowly into Julie's ass. A long animal moan erupted from Julie's throat as she felt the dildo pushing in and the burning sensation as it opened her. Soon Julie was fully impaled on the thick dildo and beads of sweat formed on her spine as she tried to get used to the size. With Kim's help Deborah lowered herself backwards until she was lying on her back on the bathroom floor with the dildo still impaled in Julie's ass. "Fuck it" Deborah commanded and as she watched Julie braced her hands against Deborah's thighs and began to move slowly up and down.

Deborah watched Julie's back and could see the dildo sliding in and out of her ass, the movements getting faster as Julie got used to the size and her ass began to relax. Kim had moved round to between Deborah's legs and with Julie straddled across Deborah's thighs her pussy was fully exposed. Kim leant forward and tried to lick at Julie's clit and pussy lips but the movement meant she kept missing. Giving up with her mouth Kim pushed two fingers into Julie's pussy and began to work them in and out. Julie moaned as she sank up and down on the plastic cock, her ass burning and the feel of Kim's fingers driving her wild.

Deborah put her arms round Julie and tweaking her nipples gently with each hand made her stop still. With this Kim started to work a third finger in and could feel the dildo through the thin skin inside Julie's pussy. Deborah could see in the mirror and smiled as Kim started to work a 4th finger in. Deborah held Julie's legs high and wide as Kim slowly pushed her tiny hand fully into Julie's pussy. Holding her breath Deborah watched in awe as Kim started to pump into her, Julie's pussy lips stretching round her wrist. Once Julie started to scream in orgasm, Deborah couldn't resist a few upward thrusts into Julie's ass.

The three of them collapsed onto the floor and after a while untangled them selves and moved to the large king size bed. Deborah lay there as she felt the strap on being unbuckled and then moaned with pleasure as she felt both sets of lips on her body. There seemed to be tongues and hands everywhere and Deborah writhed around as they licked and nibbled. Deborah moved to all fours and Julie slid under her darting her tongue in and out of her pussy. At the same time Kim was tonguing deeply in her ass and with the sensations sending her mad Deborah couldn't help but scream out loudly as her orgasm rushed through her.

It was mid afternoon when Deborah opened her eyes and felt the sleeping Kim nestled against her breast. Julie was nowhere to be seen and Deborah saw the note on the bedside table. ‘Have fun, dinner at eight, love you, Julie'. Deborah smiled and felt Kim stir beside her. Looking at the clock and seeing it was only 3.00 Deborah knew how she was going to spend the next few hours……