  Chapter 18 – Alma Mater

The week dragged somewhat, waiting for instructions on what was to occur on Saturday. I moved through the days in a foggy haze, waiting for the details. Finally on Thursday morning I got an email from Penny which indicated that I should be at Nikki's parent's house at noon on Saturday ready to move her back to school. Penny also stressed that I should be prepared and that I would receive further instructions once Nikki and I were on our way.

Saturday rolled around and I was ready to pay my penance. I borrowed a van from a friend of mine and used the excuse of having to help that same friend move to free up my entire day. I headed for Nikki's parents house, which was only 2 doors down from Emma's house. I pulled up right on time and parked the van in the driveway. I headed for the front door, not sure what to say if Nikki's parents answered.

As I headed up the steps, Nikki emerged from the front door with a duffle bag in her hand. She looked great as usual, wearing a sweatshirt bearing the logo of her school and tight jeans. I am sure it was just to play games with me, but she also had on black 4-inch high heel pumps.

"Just grab my suitcase from the front hall and we can go," Nikki said to me smiling.

"Ok," I answered simply. "Are you the only one here?"

"Yes," she confirmed. "My parents are in Rio on vacation. All they do is vacation."

I quickly ran into the house and grabbed the suitcase waiting in the large, marble filled front hall. I emerged from the house and closed the front door behind me. 

"Let's take my dad's car," Nikki said to me.

"Isn't there anything else to take with us," I questioned.

"Nope, just me and my bags," she confirmed.

"Ok then," I said as we walked to the garage.

When the garage door opened I was in a small state of awe. Nikki did not mention that her dad's car was a brand new pearl white Mercedes Benz sedan, with tan leather interior. I was impressed and jealous at the same time.

Nikki opened the trunk and we put her bags inside. Then, as I was closing the trunk she flipped me the keys.

"You drive," she ordered.

I didn't say a word; I just walked around and opened her door for her. I took a long stare at her legs in those jeans and heels as she climbed into the car. I closed the door and proceeded around to the driver's side. I climbed behind the wheel and we were off.

The ride was only about 2 hours to the school. We were silent mostly for the first hour, singing along to the radio mostly. The silence was broken when Nikki's cell phone rang. I listen to one side of her conversation for a moment before she turned to me.

"It's Emma," she revealed. "She wants me to put her on speaker."

Nikki put the phone on speaker as I shut the radio off. I am sure Emma wanted her message to be the center of attention.

"Ok," Emma began from the other end of the phone, "here is the deal. There are two CD's in the glove box. Listen to CD #1 on the rest of your trip to school. CD #2 is to be listened too on the ride back, when you are alone, stud. Remember the rules."

As soon as she was done speaking we both heard the phone disconnect, indicating that she had hung up. There was a long pause between us before either of us reacted to the new instructions.

Nikki put her phone away then reached into the glove box and pulled out both CD's. She placed the one labeled #1 into the CD player and placed the other in the center console. I turned on the radio and we listened to Emma's voice coming through the speakers.

"Ok, here is how it will go tonight. Nikki, when you get to school, you will settle in and then get ready for action. Tonight is your night Nikki, since you were the winner of the game, here is your prize. You are to get all dressed up to kill, then you are going to go our and bring home the hottest thing you see for some hot action. You will do all of this while it is being filmed. The recording will be delivered to me by the cameraman sitting next you. You will find a brand new DVD camcorder waiting for you in your dorm room as a gift. Be sure neither of disappoint me."

The disk ended and ejected from the player. I removed it and turned off the radio. I looked at Nikki for a moment and then returned my eyes to the road. This was not only punishment, it was meant to be torture.

"I'm sorry," I calmly said to Nikki, feeling true remorse.

"I'm not," she replied to my astonishment. "There are plenty of fine creatures at school I have wanted to get my hands for a while now. I guess tonight is the night."

"Well, I am glad you are ok with it," I admitted.

"Trust me," she said, "you will be fine with it too. Just wait."

We drove the rest of the way in silence. I didn't even turn the radio back on. We pulled onto the campus and headed right for Nikki's dorm. I parked and removed her bags from the trunk, then followed her to her room. Nikki had a three room suite including her own bathroom, Emma's doing I had no doubt. I put the bags down where she requested and we both noticed the camcorder box on the desk. On top of the box a piece of paper was taped that read, Get Going.

"I guess she wants us to be motivated," Nikki remarked.

"I guess so," I echoed.

Nikki threw her suitcase on her bed and began rummaging through it for various items she wanted while I opened the camcorder and prepared for my assignment. When I had the disk loaded and the camera ready, I turned to see where Nikki was at. She was staring at her suitcase, as if taking a mental inventory of what she thought she should have and what she was going to wear. Then, as if lightning had struck, she turned to me.

"Are you ready," she asked.

"Of course," I responded.

"Then start filming," she commanded.

I pressed the record button and followed her with the camera as she narrated to Emma that she was going to get ready and we were going out to get her conquest for the evening. Nikki made her way into the bathroom, which was very well lit, and I followed obediently.

She started by removing her heels followed by her sweatshirt and jeans. As she stood before me in just her white lace bra and matching panties, I was aroused. She was so hot and camera loved her. Her blonde hair and the bright light of the room made her look angelic on film.

Nikki then removed her panties and bra and stood there completely naked. My cock twitched as I filmed. I knew I was oozing precum already. She proceeded to go through the pile of cloths she had laid on the top of the toilet bowl. Finally she came to an article she removed from the pile. She held it up for the camera. It was a black lace strapless bra that she but on and adjusted to her breasts.

Nikki then returned to the pile and pulled out two thin looking items. She displayed them for the camera revealing them to be black fishnet stockings. She then slowly pulled one onto her left leg, going up to mid-thigh and letting it rest. She sexily put the right one on as well and I knew I was leaking fluid in my jeans.

Nikki then grabbed one of the two items left in the pile and slid it over her head and torso, landing it on her hips. It was a black spandex mini skirt that only covered about half way to her mid thigh, leaving a noticeable sexy gap of flesh between the top of her stockings and the bottom of that skirt. I was almost drooling behind the camera.

Nikki then grabbed the last item from her pile and again pulled it over her head. She pulled it down to her breasts and adjusted it quickly. It was a tight pink tube top. She looked phenomenal. I could feel the moist stickiness in my boxers increasing.

She then stepped to the sink and applied a quick touch-up to her make-up and then stepped back into her heels. She turned to face the camera and let me look her up and down.

"Too bad you can't have me tonight," she said to the camera, but talking to me. "I look fucking hot."

I could not argue. I followed her out of the bathroom and out the door of her suite. As she strode down the hall and out of the dorm, every head turned, both male and female. She was dressed to get noticed and it was having the desired effect.

I followed closely with the camera as Nikki strolled across the campus. She entered a large administrative building on the near side of the campus and we boarded the elevator. She pushed the button for the 4th floor as I continued to fixate on her with the camera.

The elevator stopped and we exited on the 4th floor. I followed Nikki to a door marked Financial Aid. She opened the door and I followed her inside, filming everything. Nikki strolled over to the woman sitting at the front desk and stood in front of her.

The woman was quite attractive with deep auburn/reddish hair in curls. She was in her mid 30's with a light complexion. She was wearing a black jacket, button conservatively as she sat typing. She looked startled when she finally noticed Nikki.

"The Financial Aid office is closed until 9am Monday dear," the woman behind the desk uttered as she looked Nikki up and down. I thought I noticed her bite her bottom lip along the way as I filmed. She spoke in a noticeable Australian/English accent.

"I know," Nikki stated firmly. "I am not here for Financial Aid. I am here for you."

"For me," the woman repeated. "I am sure I don't know what you mean."

"You certainly do know what I mean Monica," Nikki overruled her. "I have wanted to fuck you since the day I got this school and tonight I am going to."

Without hesitation Monica rose from her chair and kissed Nikki passionately across her desk. Nikki returned the kiss with pure heat and energy. Nikki then moved around the desk so she could embrace Monica tighter as they kissed, their tongues intertwined. I moved around to ensure I captured everything for Emma and I did not want to miss any of this.

Nikki then removed Monica's jacket and tossed it aside, followed by her blouse. Nikki groped Monica's ample tits through her white bra as they continued to kiss sloppily. Nikki then moved her head down to Monica's right tits and removed it from her bra. She started sucking Monica's tit as Monica reached behind her and began fondling Nikki's ass through her micro mini skirt.

"Let's go back to my room," Nikki said to Monica.

Again Monica did not hesitate in grabbed her jacket and throwing it on as I followed the two of them to the door. They groped and kissed all the way back to Nikki's room and I captured all of it on film. I was rock hard as I watched these two sexpots maul each other. Monica did not even notice I was there and Nikki continuously played to me and camera.

As we finally reached Nikki's suite, she opened the door and led Monica through. I attempted to follow them, but Nikki put her open hand in my chest and stopped me.

"Shut the camera off and wait here," Nikki ordered.

I did as I was told, shutting off the camera and waited as Nikki disappeared into her room. She returned promptly and handed me the keys to her father's car.

"Take the car back to my house and leave it in the garage," she said to me. "Hold onto the camera and deliver it to Emma when she asks."

She kissed me on the cheek and disappeared into her suite again.

I turned around and headed for the car. My head was spinning as I pulled out of the campus and turned back onto the highway. It wasn't until about half way back to Nikki's house that I realized I had another CD to listen to. I found the disk still in the center console and inserted it into the player. Emma's voice filled the car again, this time just for me.

"So, you got through your first penalty. I am sure you did well and that Nikki made you a little crazy. When you get back to Nikki's, leave the camera on the driver seat of the car. Penalty two is next weekend. Come see me at my new office on Wednesday afternoon for instructions. 4pm. Don't be late."

I did as I was instructed when I reached Nikki's house, parking the car in the garage and leaving the camera on the driver's seat. I jumped in the borrowed van and headed out to return it to my friend.

I couldn't help but think through the pounding in my head, what the hell could be next?