 Well, here I am in my bed, a bit dizzy from the THC and sweat pouring down in streaks all along my body. Every now and then I would feel the rare but delicate coolness of my breath flowing out of my nostrils, flying over my breasts, which makes the nipples harden from the unfamiliar breeze. My eyes feel heavy with longing and indefinable lust as I look lazily around my room. The moonlight shining through my window only illuminates certain objects because of the curtain limiting its reach. I appear ghost-like; my naked body tinged a different color, the shadows following close behind their heels and the quickening of my breathing only intensifies the emotions pouring out of me. I close my eyes to thoughts of our past conversations and just the sound of your name resonates in my ear, longingly and wantonly. 

Even whilst writing this email, my actions wash over my mind, coating them with the activities that transpired in my room earlier. The longing dwelling in my ears is deafening and I am well aware of the fact that I am still very much aroused. My heart races as I take in the picture of you burned into the back of my head. I can practically smell the intoxicating pheromones rebounding from my body, flying at imperceptible speeds in all different directions. I swallow hard as I picture the scene of you in front of me; your lips curving into the erotic smile that's always indelibly on your face, your deep imploring eyes boring into me attempting to fish out any insecurities that linger and your body language describing you to me like an open book. My fingers involuntarily begin to dig into the sheets underneath me, wrinkling the fabric and further unraveling the impending scene. 

I study you as your eyes roam all over my nude form, drinking in the image of me sprawled out in front of you. I suddenly feel as though you could possibly stay there forever, looking back at me as if you were beautiful marble statue. Just as those thoughts were beginning to come true, you suddenly sat up and inched closer to me, crawling painfully slowly and deliberately. My heart would be jumping out of my chest and the pressure built up within my lungs would be overwhelming, so I would immediately part my lips and exhale. My arms are glued to my sides because of the sweat and emotions adhering them together. I feel as though I might faint if I keep staring at your eyes that are driving me mad with passion. I clamped my eyes shut just as I felt the small hairs along my arm picking up from the static discharge of skin-to-skin contact. My stomach quivered slightly from the shocking feel of your fingertip. My breath caught in my throat as the tip of your finger-traced lines across my forearm. 

I see nothing but darkness with my eyelids clamped tightly over my eyes. With sense of sight gone, the other four senses only heighten as you come in closer to me. The smell of you is distinct and intoxicating to me, as I become inebriated with one sniff. The feeling of your lone finger touching my skin sending shivers up my spine. The sound of my heartbeat pounding through my walls. The taste in my mouth filled with lust and tinged with an animalistic behavior. I feel my stomach caving in then inflating, over and over again as the soft fabric of your blouse tickles my navel. I feel the weight of the bed shift around me and I feel you part your legs above my hips, lean over me to reach the other side, gently plop back down and are now straddling my pelvic region. The moment your knees fell on either side of my hands, the fingers stretched over your soft, smooth skin of their own accord and caressed them. I feel your heat emitting from within you directly over my mound and I squeal from the contact. I know I don't have to open my eyes to see the Grinch-like smile on your face stretching from ear to ear. I can practically hear the sweet chuckle resonating from your throat as I know that you're in complete control of the situation – I am frozen stiff; of course, if you excuse the irregular heartbeat and the pawing action of my hands.

With every second that passes, so does a bead of sweat, rolling down my neck, collarbones and in between my breasts as though traveling through rapids. I feel your hands enveloping my own and my body tenses up and freezes. Your touch causes my heart to skip a beat, temporarily shocking myself back to a steady rhythm, and that was when I opened my eyes. The look in your eyes was so powerful it was impossible to turn away. Your hands hugged my own, interlocking your fingers with mine and raised them high above and over my head, resting them on the pillow behind me. Your body was leaning over me along with your lips within intimate reach of mine. My breathing transitioned to panting within a matter of seconds as I scrutinized the scene before me. You looked down at me with that same mischievous-looking smirk and you tightened your hold on both of my wrists. I felt trapped for the first time in my life and I felt the dead-weight feeling in my heart that I couldn't escape. As my breathing and heartbeat skyrocketed into oblivion, rhetorical questions kept invading my mind: Were you just too intense for me? Would it be possible to even stop you if it were so? Would I want you to stop? My brain was yelling incoherent replies whilst my heart rang true with the small amount of dignity it had left.

I was facing you; my eyes darting from your eyes to your mouth then back to your eyes only to be drawn back towards your lips. I was taking deep, long breaths now, inching my mouth further open with each inhale. My breasts were rising and falling rapidly, slightly grazing over your blouse with my nipples. I noticed how closely our bodies were twined together and felt the weight of your butt on my hips. I found it comforting and slowly, but gradually, I started to calm down. With my arms above my head, my breasts appeared fuller from defying gravity because of their positioning. I knew they looked more than inviting to you but your eyes were firmly locked onto mine and it broke my concentration. That was when I realized your face was leaning in to mine and I forgot how to breathe. Your golden hair falling on either side of your face was tickling my jaw and chin by the time I felt your lips brush mine. My lips were a jar pretending to be letting air flow in as I felt the tip of your nose nudge the top of mine. The cool air emitting from your nostrils fell onto my parted lips and it made me shudder.

The slight shake took you by surprise and I felt your lips curl into a smile on mine as I relished the sweet feel of them. It made me feel light-headed and I was on the verge of fainting as I felt your lips plant a kiss on my parted ones. My lungs reacted by taking in a huge breath and that was when your lips crashed against mine. I moaned uncontrollably from the feeling of you being so passionate with me and I knew if only a kiss could do this, I could only imagine what else I could be feeling by the time night would be over...

Your hands left my wrists and I could tell you were pleased that they stayed put, squeezing the sides of the pillow till my knuckles were white. The kiss was only growing more and more passionate as I felt your fingers tangling themselves in my hair. I was involuntarily rocking my hips back and forth beneath your heat, my toes curling themselves into the sheets. I felt your teeth tugging on my bottom lip, pulling it deeper into your mouth and my eyes fluttered. Your movements were fluid and languid. I felt your hands move across my face, pawing at it gently and occasionally sticking your fingers in my mouth for me to suck on. Your lips would continue to suck my bottom lip into your mouth with me panting out my whimpers and gasps all too loudly. I'd feel your hands drift down my shoulders and my sides then back up as you cupped my breasts. The groping pressure of your hands clasped around my breasts was overwhelming to me as I felt you nibble on my bottom lip. Your tongue ventured out and began to lick all around my bottom lip, underneath it following after my chin and finally to the middle of my throat.

Your lips were on my skin faster than a lioness with her prey. (Yes, I know that sounded cheesy, but deal with it :p) The suction you were making on my throat was causing me to moan and writhe continuously. Still, I kept my hands where you left them, even though every fiber in my body was screaming for me to be defiant. I kept curving my hips into what lied between your thighs and I could tell from your knee-jerk reactions you were annoyed by it but enjoyed it nonetheless. I kept to myself an impossibly quiet giggle, knowing that I caught you off guard at least once whilst you were on duty. All it took was a small bite from you against my throat to make me forget about anything going through my head other than knowing the feeling of pleasure. My heels were digging into the bed as your lips traveled further down my neck where you licked and sucked on my collarbones, making me both giggle and moan. 

With every kiss, your lips inched closer and closer to the two perky mounds a top my chest. Every kiss sent chills through my body; the blood coursing through my veins felt thick, everything within my body was tightening and I felt as though I would suffocate. Your kisses stopped short of the flesh resting between my breasts and your tongue danced across the surface as if it were the most delectable treat. Your palms were massaging my breasts with the utmost care as your tongue licked my skin clean of sweat and lust. Just as I was regaining my bearings, I felt your tongue dart across one breast in your left hand and I opened my eyes to see you staring straight at me, your tongue only centimeters away...

My eyes became glued shut as I felt your lips enclose around my nipple, your tongue working it around in circles. It hardened to your touch and I squealed my approval when your teeth bit down on it, the stub becoming more painfully pleasurable with each squeeze. I bit down hard on my bottom lip and knew you noticed this as well and was rewarded with a hard suck on my breast. The whites of my eyes were only visible as you manipulated my breasts each with its own tender loving care to be given.

Your kisses trailed down my abdomen, each planting of your lips on my skin causing my back to arch. Your hands moved to my back, holding and caressing it as it arched in ecstasy to each of your licks and kisses. My eyes had reopened by now, watching your body slide further down mine, your face disappearing and melting in the shadows. The hands that were once behind my back were now underneath my butt, groping and massaging it as the kisses trailed even lower. I saw the footsteps your kisses left along my skin, making them glimmer along the moonlight. Your hair swept back and falling along the right side of your face, you began to kiss my pubic bone. I remember involuntarily bucking from the delicate kiss, arching my back into a complete 'U' shape with my bottom lip trembling. You snaked your hands over my thighs and planted a smooth kiss right over the most sensitive of parts of my lower region. 

I felt like a colossal quake erupted within me and I couldn't help but gasp aloud and plant my hands on top of yours. I felt your tongue smoothing around the edges to my entrance and I was in a daze from then on out. The lapping feeling spreading from my core to my toes made me moan out what I thought was your name, but I couldn't tell because the sounds of your work and me combined was deafening. I was clawing at the sheets now, begging for release with my upturned toes and my face hidden away in my hand. As I was nearing that state of beautiful release, I was hit dead in the face of what was actual happening: the tongue that was supposed to be yours was my hand now working vigorously in and out of me, the other hand cupping my left breast tighter and tighter and my bottom lip being sucked into my mouth as I bit down hard. If I could explain how moist I was, you would be drowning in not only what it was, but also the thousands of words I would use to explain it. My toes curled once more as the second major wave of it blew over me, making me shudder to the powerful feeling of helplessness. My hips undulated once more to the calming wave, rolling over once more till, at last, it ceased.