 Well, for all of you who are reading this, I want to warn you. This is my first time ever, writing a story for people to read. This is also my first erotic story. I hope you like it and any advice and comments would be welcome. So please send me a message about anything that you want.

***

I was standing in the airport waiting for my best friend. I hadn't seen her in about 5 years. Both of our jobs were demanding, and it took up most of out free time. But recently, we both got jobs that allowed us to work from home, and making better money. With these jobs, we could work from anywhere. So there I am, standing in the airport, watching for her. Her plane just landed and I can't wait to see her. It seems like she was the last one off the plane, but I know her as soon as I see her. She has flaming red, curly hair. She is about 5'8 and she has a killer body. She looks perfect in a strapless yellow sundress and her little flip-flops. I got this feeling in my gut that I can only explain as lust. I had never felt that before, not for a woman. I mean, I had always loved her, she was my best friend. 

***

As I walked off the plane I couldn't wait to see her. It had been so long that I wasn't sure I would recognize her. But I knew her as soon as I saw her. She has long brown hair. The only way I could think to describe it was perfect. It kind of reminds me of Sara Evans hair; it was almost a perfect match. She is about 5'9 and she has a slamming body. I have wanted her since I knew that I was a lesbian. But, I know that she isn't like that, so, I never was anything but her best friend. She knows about me, and has met all my girlfriends, but she was always cool about my decision. She looked perfect in her white strapless shirt and white pants and little flip-flops.

***

I ran up to her and hugged her.

"Wow Amy, you look great! It's been so long, I can't believe you're finally here in Cali with me!"

"I know Charlene, I'm sorry it took me so long to get out here. I wanted to come and see you when you first moved out here, but you know, work."

"Yeah, don't worry about it. Now that we both work out of the home, it doesn't matter. So, how long are you here for?"

"Until I get tired of you." She said with a huge smile.

"Oh, well, maybe I'll get tired of you first. Come on, lets go get you luggage and I'll take you home."

So, off to the luggage claim we went. The whole way we were talking about what we had been doing and all that good stuff. As soon as we got to the car, Amy looked at my car and said,

"Wow Charlie, nice car. I didn't know that you were doing this well. What kind of car is this anyway?"

"It's a 2006 Envoy. It is great. It comes with on star and there is a lot of room too. With four dogs I need the room."

"What!?! Four dogs? What kind are they all?"

"Well, Suzie is a chocolate lab, Audrey is a Husky and she has the most beautiful blue eyes. Malachi is a Malamute and Graves is a German Shepard."

"You have all big dogs? You must have a big house."

"I'm doing ok."

While we were driving Amy and I caught up some more and then, she dropped a very large bomb shell.

"So uh, guess what?"

"Um, I don't know. You're pregnant?" I asked with a smile. 

"Actually," she said with a very long pause. "Yes, I am. See, my last girlfriend, we were going to get married. Well, we had been married for about 6 months and we decided to try and have a baby. So we went to one of those sperm banks and I got pregnant. We figured that because I worked from home it would be easier for me to have the baby. Well, after about 2 1/2 months, my wife decided that she couldn't take it and she left me." 

After she finished talking, she started crying. I pulled over and pulled her into my lap and just hugged her and rocked her until she stopped crying. After she finished crying I took her face in my hand and turned her face toward me and said,

"Honey, you know that you can stay here with me as long as you like. If you want, since you can work from home, you can move in with me. I have a four bedroom house and you and the baby can stay with me. I would love to help you. You know how crazy I am about babies."

As soon as I finished saying that, she threw her arms around me and started crying all over again. 

"Thank you so much! You can't know how much this means to me. I was so afraid of what I was going to do. I thought I was going to have to go back to my parents' house."

So, for the rest of the way home we were talking about what it was going to be like. Little did we know that things were really going to change!

About and hour later we got to my house. It was a two story yellow Victorian house with a wrap around porch. It had a small front yard that was surrounded by a red brick fence and a very large backyard that was enclosed by an 8 foot privacy fence. In the back yard was a 12 foot in ground pool with a lot of yard to spare. 

As soon as we pulled up to the house and I parked my car you could hear the dogs barking in the house. 

"Are you ready to meet my family?" I asked her.

"Bring it on. I can handle it."

So, I grabbed her bags out of the back and led her into the house. As soon as I opened the door the dogs raced outside. Luckily for me, I lived way outside of Los Angels in very open territory. My closest neighbor lived about 2 ½ blocks away from me so the dogs running outside wasn't a big deal. As soon as the dogs saw Amy, they raced up to her and started to smell her. Amy got down on her knees and just started to pet all of them.

"Malachi and Audrey are sort of a couple. They are the only two that aren't fixed. I breed them and sell their puppies for quite a bit. She just had a litter about 8 weeks ago and I have just a couple left."

"Oh, I want to see them! Do you think she will be ok with that?"

"Yes, as long as I pick them up. Come on, let's get inside."

I helped her up and walked her into the house.

"Why don't you put your stuff in the second room on the left and I will get the puppies."

"Ok, be right back. Um, is there a bathroom nearby?"

"Um yes, there is a bathroom in every room and there is one down here."

"Ok, be right back."

With that, she went upstairs. While I waited for her, I went to were the puppies were playing. They were laying on the floor next to their mother and they were chewing on her ears. I watched this for about 10 minutes and then I wondered were Amy was. So, I walked upstairs and knocked on her door. When I got no answer, I opened the door and saw her asleep on the bed. I took off her shoes and covered her with a blanket. I walked out of the room and quietly shut the door. About two hours later I figured that it was probably time to wake Amy up. I didn't want her to be up all night so I walked up to her room and knocked on the door again. Again, I got no answer, so I opened the door and just as I stepped into the room, Amy walked out of the bathroom with nothing on. She had a towel in her right hand and she was drying off her hair. She saw me about the same time that I saw her. As soon as our eyes locked, I had a funny feeling in my stomach. It felt like a fist had punched me. I couldn't stop myself; I looked down to her toes, then back to her head. When our eyes locked again, she was looking at me like I had never seen her look at me before. I couldn't tell if she was mad at me, or embarrassed. I found out later that she was very aroused by me looking at her naked body. 

"Um, I'm sorry; I just came to wake you up. I didn't think that you wanted to sleep really late." I stammered out.

As I was apologizing to her, she started to cover herself up with a towel.

***

I had never seen Charlie look at me like that before. She had always been so, well for lack of a better word, straight. I didn't know what to say to her. I just wanted to shout out how I had felt about her. I mean, we have known each other since we were 6. When I discovered that I was a lesbian, she was there for me. She didn't stop being my friend like everybody else did. She just told me that she loved me and would always love me. Just because I didn't like guys didn't change who I was. I knew that she HAD to be the one to make the first move. But I figured she could use a little encouragement from me.

"It's ok Charlie, I don't mind. I kind of like it when you look at me like that."

As soon as those words left my mouth I knew I had done the right thing. She got this look on her face that was a little embarrassed, but a little aroused at the same time. 

"So, what are your plans for me today?"

"Well," she said a little dazed," I figured we could say home, so you could rest, and tomorrow, I would show you around town."

"Great, just give me half and hour. That will give me time to get dressed. I'll be right down."

So for the rest of the day we just talked and caught up on old times. It was the best day ever. That night I went to bed with sadness in my belly. I really thought that Charlie was going to make a move. Maybe I had read her wrong this afternoon. Oh well I guess, maybe we are just destined to remain friends.

***

As soon as we went to bed, I knew that things were different in side me. After I saw Amy naked I had this dull ache in my belly. I knew from her comment that I had aroused her and she liked it. I mean, she had been giving me signals all day. She was touching me, caressing me, and other little hints like that. But I was just to chicken to do anything about it. I was afraid what it would do to me, and to our friendship. I laid there for several hours and finally, I decided to just do it. I mean, I've loved Amy for a long time. Even when we were teenagers I have feelings for her that I couldn't explain. Now, I knew what they were. Yes, I had been with men before. But they just didn't appreciate you like women did. I mean, when you took the time to shave yourself, all of yourself and put on something sexy and make yourself smell good, their only thought is 'gee, I can't wait to get a piece of that.' At least with woman it was 'wow, look at all the time she took to make me want her more. Maybe I should show her how much that means to me.' They at least take the time to make it worth while for us too, not just themselves.

So, I got up, got into the shower and did just that. I shaved my legs, my under arms, and then I shaved my pussy. I took the time to make sure that it was nice and smooth. As I was shaving it I couldn't help but picture Amy's head down there. The more I thought about it, the wetter I got. So I put the razor down and replaced it with my fingers. With my other hand I pulled my lips apart to I could get to my clit better. I took my finger and slowly started moving them in a circular motion. After a little while I could feel myself getting closer. So I took my middle finger and ring finger and I put them up inside of me while I kept my index finger going in circles. I moved my two fingers in and out slowly at first and then faster and faster until I could feel my juices starting to flow. Then in one big rush, I hit my climax. I could feel the walls of my pussy tightening around my fingers. I started to pump harder and rub faster. Then it was over and I had to sit down. I licked my fingers clean and finished my shower. After I got out of the shower I put my favorite lotion all over my body and I got into my sexiest lingerie. It was a lacy black bra with little slits over the nipples and a lacy black thong with a garter belt and fish net stockings. I put a black teddie over the bra and then put my bathrobe and slippers on. I didn't want her to see that I had it on until I was absolutely sure that I had read the signals right. I left my room and walked down the hall. When I got to her door I knocked lightly at first. I didn't want to wake her if she was asleep. Then I waited a minute and started walking down the hall back to my room when the door opened. I looked behind me and saw her head out the door.

"Charlie, did you knock on my door?"

"Yeah, can I talk to you for a minute?"

"Sure hun, come on in."

As I walked past her my shoulder brushed against her breast. Just that light touch set me on fire. I could feel the lust burning in my stomach. As I looked at her, I noticed that it looked like she hadn't been sleeping at all.

"Um, there is something that I wanted to talk to you about. This afternoon when I walked in here and –"

She interrupted me and said, "Look Charlie, I'm sorry about that. Blame it on the pregnancy hormones. I shouldn't have said that to you. Especially since I know that you aren't like that. It wasn't right of me to put you into that situation. Can you forgive me?"

I was shocked; I really had thought that she felt the same way I did. I couldn't believe it. 

"Um yeah, sure, no problem. Well, I guess I'll go then, see you tomorrow."

As I got up my bathrobe fell away from my legs and you could see the stockings and the belt. I pulled my robe back together and left the room. I didn't think that Amy saw what I had on underneath. I left the room and went back to my bedroom. I was very disappointed and kind of hurt at the same time. I didn't know what to do now...

***

As soon as I apologized to Charlie I saw her face just fall. For a minute I was a little confused. I mean, I had been giving her very blatant sign. She ignored them all night. Then I laid here for three hours after we went to bed and she hadn't showed up until now. I had just about given up hope and here she comes. But, she shows up in a terry cloth robe and she just wants to talk. So, I figured she wanted and apology so I apologized. Then when she got up to leave the room and her robe fell away from her legs, I could swear that I saw a glimpse of fish net stalking and a garter bet. If that's the case then she wasn't coming here to just 'talk'. But, to I go to her room with that assumption in mind? Do I take that risk? I mean, I don't want to ruin our friendship. We've been friends since we were six, and I've loved her all my life. Do I take that risk? I sat for about 10 minutes then got up and waked over to the dresser. Well, if she can look sexy, so can I. I reached into my top drawer and pulled out what I was looking for. I put on a light pink lacy bra over my 36 D breasts and then I pulled on the matching thong, garter belt, and light pink nylons. I dabbed my perfume between my breast, on my neck, and behind my ears. I also put on a robe because I didn't know if she still wanted this. 

I slipped out of my bedroom and walked down the hall to Charlie's room. Here goes nothing. I knocked on her door and waited till I heard her get up, and then a minute later she opened the door. She looked at me with a quizzical look and opened the door so I could come in.

"Amy, is everything ok?"

"Um yeah, but I think I made a mistake when you came to my room. What did you want Charlie. I mean, what were you going to say before I interrupted you?"

"Oh, well, nothing. I made the mistake. I thought something was there that wasn't. I just read it wrong, that's all."

"No, you didn't, I did."

She looked at me for a minute, then sat on the bed and patter the spot next to her.

"Amy, are we talking about the same thing?"

"Yes I think so. I know this is hard for you, but Charlie, I have love you for as long as I can remember, and I'm not talking just friendly love either. See, ever since I knew that I was a lesbian, I knew that the feelings I felt for you weren't feelings that all friends had for each other. You know?"

She sat there and looked at me for a moment and said,

"Wow, now that's a bomb shell."

"Yeah. See when you looked at me today I thought that I saw lust in your eyes. That's why I said what I said. Then today when I was dropping all those signals and you didn't do anything but ignore them, I thought that you didn't share those feelings. So, I decided that I was wrong and should make it right. But when I heard you knock on the door, my heart leapt and I thought that you felt it too. But when I saw you in your robe and you just wanted to 'talk' I thought I was wrong again. What really made me start to think though was the fact that you were wearing fish net stockings and a garter belt. I didn't figure that you wore those all the time under your jeans. So, I decided to come down here, damn the consequences, and tell you how I really feel. So now that you know, and look like a dear in the headlights, I will leave, go back to my room, and never bring this up again. Goodnight Charlie."

Just as I reached the door Charlie said something that stopped me dead. I turned around and said,

"What did you say?"

"I said that I love you too. I have for a long time. I think since I was a teenager. I was just afraid what that would mean for me and you. You know, how people would react. Now, I don't care anymore."

"Do you mean it?"

As I said this, she got off the bed and undid her robe. As it fluttered to the floor I just gasped. She looked beautiful. Her perfect 36 D's were covered in the most beautiful bra I had ever seen. As I looked her down, then back up, I could see her hard nipples sticking out of slits in her bra. They were beautiful all hard and pink. I could tell that she was a little nervous with me staring at her. So, I walked over to her grabbed her hand and pulled her to sit next to me on the bed.

"Are you sure you want this. I mean, I can tell your nervous. We don't have to do this if you don't want to."

"Amy, I want to do this. You'll just have to bare with me. This will be my first time ya know."

"I know, but all you have to do is follow my reactions. That will tell you what I like."

"Yeah, I guess that makes sense. Now, it's your turn, take off that robe so I can see what you have underneath it."

So, I stood up and turned toward her. I looked her in the eyes; I wanted to see her reaction when I undid my robe. I slowly undid the belt of my robe and let it fall to the floor with hers. She gasped and just stared at me. I thought that she was displeased and so I started to reach for my robe when I felt her hand on my arm.

"What are you doing?"

"Well, from your reaction I thought that you didn't like what you saw."

"Are you kidding me? You have the sexiest body that I have ever seen! Please, don't cover it back up. I want to explore."

So she pulled me onto the bed with her. She put her hand on the side of my face, smiled at me, and then leaned into me. She stopped just a breath away from my lips, smiled again, and just stayed there. I couldn't take it so I moved in and touched my lips to hers. We kissed like that for a second and then I felt the fire in my stomach. I deepened the kiss and fisted my hand in her hair. She broke the kiss and she was breathing deeply. She looked at me and smiled.

"Wow, that is the best kiss I've ever had in my life."

"Well, there's more were that came from."

She just smiled and moved to the middle of her king size bed.

"Come here, lover. Come and make me yours."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I couldn't wait to touch her, to explore her body. I crawled up to her and pushed her back on the bed. I crawled to rest of the way and took her bottom lip in my teeth. I gently started to nibble until I heard her moan. I couldn't believe what effect her moan had on me. I had been with many women before, but with her, it was different. I felt like it was my first time all over again. I change angles and started to lick her lips. I moved my tongue over her lips until she separated them and I could get my tongue into her mouth. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and for the first time I really tasted her. As I thrust my tongue into her mouth she arched toward me and deepened the kiss. I ran my hands down her sides and over her legs, careful not to touch her yet. I broke away from the kiss and smiled at her. She smiled back and wrapped her arms around my neck. She tried to pull me back to her mouth but I wouldn't let her. I unwrapped her arms and smiled.
