 This story is my first new piece of fiction in over ten years and was inspired by a request from a kind reader of my first posting: 'The Salon Pt. 01'

I love suggestions for new stories and can't wait to find out where future, yet-to-written installments will take us. As always your feedback is greatly appreciated.

*****

Not for the first time Marion felt a smouldering resentment building inside of her as she watched the girls of her gym class at a prestigious university. Their reluctance to actually do anything they were told was matched only by their need to preen themselves and avoid disturbing their hair & makeup. As usual the class had formed into several cliques which took turns in criticising each other or generally picking on the poor souls who weren't aligned to one group or another.

The biggest clique called themselves The Plastics in tribute to some teen flick from the 90's and at its head stood two girls that epitomised all that Marion hated about this new generation of teens. Piper and Angel ruled The Plastics with an iron fist and were brutal in their pursuance of style-perfection. If you weren't wearing the very latest in haut-couture or if, god-forbid, you displayed so much as an ounce of body-fat, they poured scorn and condescension on you with boundless enthusiasm.

Marion looked regretfully at the two 18-year old ring leaders and thought for a moment of what they could have achieved in a sport such as gymnastics, if only they had applied themselves. Marion was a former college basketball player and swimmer who had once cried out for the national team. Although now in her late forties, her six foot frame was still often described as statuesque and her figure which was just on the feminine side of muscular was helped by regular games of basketball in the local seniors league and swimming at least a mile three times a week. She had absolutely flawless black skin, a strong jaw line and bone-structure that most women would die for. Her hair was cut in the latest style: swept back from the front with the sides cut really short with clippers. This vision of am ebony Amazonian queen was usually adorned with classic, smart yet feminine clothes copied from the pages of Vogue or Elle magazine.

Despite a stellar sporting career and part-time career as a motivational speaker that left her very confortable financially, Marion was not content. Her personal life had never quite got going as it always seemed to take second place to her sport, career or innate sense of decorum. For Marion, manners, etiquette and her standing in the community were paramount. Maybe that was why she resented the two girls so much? Her mind wandered as she considered how she had come to this outwardly successful yet inherently lonely place.

Marion observed Piper as she stood at the end of the gym, huddled with her co-conspirator Angel. Piper was in many ways the direct opposite of Marion: barely eighteen years old yet already absolutely certain of her place in the world, that she knew everything and that she was intrinsically superior to everyone else. She was generally either describes as super-petite or just tiny. She was barely 4' 10" tall and had such a petite waist that she often had to have either the smallest sized clothes taken in. She had a pert little derriere from years of walking on tip-toes to try and make herself look taller and the smallest of firm yet soft breasts. She wore her hair in a mid-length blonde bob fashioned by the city's most expensive hair salon and her lips seemed to be set in a near permanent pout.

Marion turned her attention to Angel and noticed that while she was taller than her friend Piper would still struggle to top five feet in height. She too was impossibly slim but had the sort of figure that defied logic: her tiny waist flowed down into a near flat bum, there was hardly any curve there at all. Indeed her figure could easily have been described as boyish if it weren't for the two large, smooth and firm breasts that sprung from her chest as if gravity had no effect on them at all. She had a thin, pixie-like face with large round and very blue eyes all set off by long, straight blond hair that flowed down to the small of her back.

Marion struggled to push unfamiliar feelings from her mind as she observed the two friends and realised that despite her exclusively heterosexual dating history she was now feeling something more than resentment as she watched them from the corner of her eye. Marion shook herself out of her reverie and was disgusted with herself for even considering such emotions, she was a pillar of the community and a much-respected athletics coach in one of the country's top universities. Such feelings simply would not do she told herself.

As the class was dismissed and worked its way out of the gym, Marion put such thoughts out of her mind and she started thinking about her planned evening out with her best friend. She had bought a new outfit for the occasion and was looking forward to showing it off in some of towns trendiest bars...

...Marion looked once more at the clock above the bar and couldn't believe it was only nine-thirty as she sat alone on a tall bar stool nursing a large glass of red wine. Despite a good start the night had come to a premature end as her friend baled early due to some family emergency or another and now as she admired her own reflection in the full length mirror behind the bar she once again felt very alone. 

She looked at her glass and briefly felt a glow of satisfaction as she considered how her crisp white blouse was set off beautifully by her own dark skin and the smooth black leather of her tight black, mid-length shirt. She secretly loved how the leather hugged and caressed her figure and the restriction of the tight material started to stir a warmth down in her core. Marion started planning an early return to her condo and a night of pleasuring herself while dressed in one of her favourite leather outfits...

"Hello Miss Smith, what are you doing here?" The question snapped Marion out of her little day-dream and she turned to see Piper and Angel standing behind her. How long had they been their she wondered? Had they watched her day dreaming and guessed at her sordid secret?

The three settled into an easy conversation and moved to a quiet booth as Marion marvelled at this unexpected turn of events. She chose not to question what two eighteen year-olds were doing in a bar late on a Friday night and allowed herself to be flattered by their attention, as the drinks flowed and the hours passed Marion's sense of contentment rose and she even started to wonder if these petite little fire-crackers were flirting with her. Maybe it was the alcohol but for some reason that idea didn't repel Marion like she thought it should.

As the bar started to close another realisation dawned on Marion: she was far too wasted to get home without assistance and thus reluctantly accepted when Piper 'insisted' that they get her home safe. As Marion stumbled into the cab, she could have sworn that she caught Angel looking down the front of her blouse and her ample cleavage yet failed to think anything was untoward when she felt Pipers hand through the leather of her skirt on her firm right buttock. Surely she was just lending a helping hand? Right?

Somehow she made it into her apartment okay and slumped onto her large sofa with relief. Angel busied herself in Marion's' kitchen while Piper sat very close to her on the settee. To be honest Marion was only partially concentrating on the conversation, she was struggling to suppress new feelings, unwanted feelings as Piper pouted, fawned and flirted outrageously. She nearly jumped right out of the seat when Pipers hand started to trace a line down her thigh on the smooth black leather of her skirt. By now Marion was starting to feel very warm but as she struggled to work out what was going on, an unfamiliar warmth started to rise from between her legs.

Piper's face was now inches from Marion's and the respected mature black woman was wracked with doubts and bitter recriminations. She was just about to end this most unwanted turn of events when she felt the warm breath of Angel on the back of her neck, she looked quizzically into Pipers eyes for an explanation as she became intoxicated with the heady perfume of the two young women. When she felt Angel reach round from behind her and cup one of her ample bosoms in her small young hand, Marion lost all resistance as Piper moved in and placed a firm but gentle kiss on her perfectly made-up lips.

Marion felt herself sliding into a lustful oblivion, even as she fought to regain control of herself, as she berated herself for letting this happen, she felt one of Angels firm round breasts poking into her back through the material of her blouse and shuddered at the sheer pleasure of it. Marion tried to cry out, to tell the girls that what was happening was wrong, but found herself unable to speak as Pipers tongue filled her mouth and entwined itself around her own, causing a surge of warmth to course through her body.

Marion felt Angel's hands start to undo the buttons of her crisp white and oh-so respectable blouse and then felt Pipers left hand caressing her muscular thigh through the smooth shiny black leather of her skirt. Marion felt out of control, as if she was being sucked into a whirlpool, her mind shouted questions and accusations that went unanswered in her own head: 

"Why are you kissing a girl?" Marion asked herself, "She's young enough to be your daughter! Why don't you stop them? You don't even fancy girls! Why are you getting all hot? Why did you let yourself get so drunk? You're acting like a slut!!" 

Marion knew what she was doing was wrong, every fibre of her being shouted that no respectable middle age woman would do these things yet she felt powerless to resist. She had spent so long living up to her own public image of a strong, independent black woman, had worked so hard to overcome racial prejudice and barriers placed in her way by others that she had forgot what it was like to stop fighting and just give in. Even as her mind struggled with it, she felt her body surrender and as she felt the now open blouse slip from her shoulders and realised just how good it felt to just be in the moment.

Sitting behind her, Angel took in the sight of Marion's beautiful ebony skin and marvelled at how smooth and flawless it was, she was entranced as the shades of this mature woman's skin seemed to change in endless combinations as the light played over her firm, taught muscles. She leant forward to start peppering this amazing woman with kisses and thrilled at the reaction from her new lover. She breathed in the heady combination of the beautiful woman's musk and Chanel No. 5 and without thinking started to undo the back of Marion's bra.

As Marion's fine, lace embroidered bra fell away Piper broke off her increasingly passionate kiss and bowed to take Marion's right nipple in her mouth. A bolt of electricity ran through the mature woman's body and her breath started to come in heavy gasps as she involuntarily became more and more aroused. Piper gently swirled her teacher's nipple in her mouth and eagerly flicked it with her tongue as she revelled in the seduction of such a strong, confident woman. She had lusted after these gorgeous tits for so long and was delighted to find they were all she'd imagined them to be in her private fantasies.

Piper and Angel had planned and conspired this very evening in minute detail over many months, they had rehearsed each act of seduction and hedonistic debauchery on each other many times in the privacy of each other bedrooms but finally the time had come where they felt bold enough to take action and put their sick and twisted fantasies into action. Few people could have guessed the twisted and extreme fetishes that had embedded themselves in their sexuality, their petite and innocent outwardly appearance gave no clue as to the depths of depravity they were planning to take their athletics coach to.

Marion sat rooted to the sofa seemingly immobile and powerless to resist the ministrations of these two tiny temptresses. She became ever more disgusted with herself as she became more and more aroused by the two young women, yet something inside her couldn't wait to give in to the temptations of their attention, even as her own conscious screamed at how wrong it all was. She looked down to see the petite blonde energetically suckling on her engorged aureole's and watched in detached fascination as young Angel moved from behind her to kneel in front of her on the floor. 

Marion strained to look past the head of her young student who was working such wonders on her firm, large breasts but realised Angel's plan as she felt her expensive black leather skirt be pushed up her toned muscular thighs and her legs be slowly but firmly pushed apart. She gave an involuntary gasp as for the first time ever she felt the breath of another woman on her own sex and realised that Angel's head was now right up between her own powerful yet slim thighs, the young girls face just inches from her warm, moist pussy.

Piper looked down and grinned with Marion's left tit in her moth as she realised her classmate had her head right up under the leather skirt of their favourite teacher, she felt her own pulse quicken as she envisage what was going on under that dark, smooth material and secretly wanted to be in Angel's place. She contented herself with moving from the mature woman's chest and returning to those soft plump lips as she pushed her tongue in to find that of her new lover, after all this was just the start of what they had in mind. Angel meanwhile nearly passed out from the heady aroma of expensive leather clothing and hot, moist pussy, she gently nuzzled Marion's pussy lips with her nose through the thin silk of her expensive underwear before taking the right edge of the knickers in her teeth and pulling it to one side.

Angel paused for a moment to take in the sight before her in the dark confines of the mature woman's leather skirt. She could almost taste the dampness of her teachers inner sex as she gazed at the bright delicate pink of her pussy against the strong, smooth blackness of the athletic woman's chocolate coloured skin. She had thought so many times of what the confident, self-assured woman's labia must taste like and as she leant forward ever so slightly more, her whole head now out of sight under the tight confines of the expensive Italian leather, she found out that it was even better than she had ever dreamt possible.

Marion's half-closed eyes shot wide open as if she'd just received the shock of her life as she felt the eager tongue force it's way between her soft and fulsome pussy lips and she heard the young girl start lapping away at the abundant juices that were now flooding her sex. Marion had never felt anything like it. None of her male lovers had ever had this effect on her, no matter how handsome, charming or muscular they were none had ever managed to really ignite her passion. She was always left slightly disappointed and feeling generally divorced from proceedings, as if she was an observer watching it happen to someone else.

Angel worked away with great skill and passion, expertly using her tongue to drive the athletic middle-aged woman wild with passion. She gently took the black woman's clit in her mouth and started to suck and nibble at it, thrilling at the reaction of the woman towering above her. Before long she felt Marion's toned muscular thighs tense at her imminent climax and Angel renewed her efforts in the dark, musky confines of her soft leather skirt to push her new lover over the edge.

Marion couldn't believe the sensations emanating from her own pussy, she had no idea of what the young girl between her legs was doing to drive her so wild but without realising it was happening she felt the waves of her own orgasm start to crash over her and her fit, toned body which started to convulse all of its own accord in reaction to the most powerful orgasm she had ever known. She felt her lungs gulp in great gasps of air as they sought to keep up with her exertions and her head began to swim as her mind excluded all but the sensations of lust from her conscious. As the last waves of her orgasm began to ebb she felt herself slip into a blissful sleep, even as she felt her head being pulled backward.

Piper watched with elation as her gym coach gave in to her feelings and the attentions of young Angel, she marvelled at the strength of the mature woman's passion and as the lustful convulsions started to slow she took her teachers hair in her right hand and pulled the woman's ear close to her own mouth. Huskily the young blonde conspirator whispered "Now you're mine bitch! Let the real fun begin!"

To be continued...