 "How's the fish?" Ethan says, scraping at his plate with his fork.

I nod at him in approval. We are quiet and I feel awkward, but I remind myself that I never have to see him again after tonight. I smile up at him and he shovels a giant bite of spaghetti into his mouth. Ethan is nice looking. He's tall, dark and kind of handsome. Our mutual friend Regina set us up and I've never known her to get something so wrong.

"So, you're into film?" he smiles at me over the flicker of the candle in the middle of our table.

"I am," I sip my wine. "I studied at Columbia in Chicago. I thought I'd mentioned that already," I look down at my fish and take another gulp of wine.

"Huh, maybe you did. I'm sorry," 

"Will you excuse me? I'm going to go... powder my nose," I push my chair out and almost run to the bathroom. Once I'm inside I feel safe. He can't bore me in here. I look at myself in the mirror. Blonde hair hanging in loose curls over my shoulders. And this dress. Regina did get one thing right. My green dress hugs me in all the right places. My eye shadow makes my blue eyes pop and I am proud of my beauty. 

Returning to the table, Ethan is doing something on his cell phone. 

"Sorry," he smiles but doesn't look up. "I'm checking on some investments,"

"Listen, Ethan..." I start but he puts a hand up. 

A moment passes and he looks up at me, "What were you going to say?"

"Maybe we should get out of here," I say, desperate to leave. 

"Shall we go back to my place? I've got a Merlot that's about 20 years old. Think you can handle it?"

I smile, "Sure."

Ethan and I get into his very nice car and sit in silence the entire way back to his condo. We walk up the back stairs that are nestled into a private beach area and step out onto a deck of steel and glass. The view is stunning. The ocean is glittering and lapping at the shore hypnotically. Ethan opens the door for me and I step inside. The interior is just as stunning as the exterior. 

"Wow," I say, astonished. "So this is your place, huh?" 

"Up, bupbup, shoes," he points to my shoes and then to a small mat by the door.

"Of course, I'm sorry," I slide off my pumps that have been digging into my ankles all night and we both look down a hallway when we hear singing. 

"Oh, Jesus," Ethan walks down the hall. "Maggie?" he calls.

A woman wearing only a towel pops into the hallway. Her hair is wet and hangs over her shoulders, dripping. "I thought you were out tonight, I'm sorry!" she almost laughs. 

"Audrey, this is my sister, Maggie," 

I wave. Maggie looks at me wide-eyed and back at Ethan. Just then Ethan's phone buzzes and he answers. He puts up a finger to me and steps into what I assume is his office. Maggie walks over to the large white sofa and plops down. 

"So you're the blind date?" she smiles at me.

"I guess so," I blush.

"Well, my brother has dated some real dogs, let me tell you. You're certainly a giant step up from the washed up, coked out women he usually brings around," she pulls her hair up and fastens it with a tie from around her wrist. 

Ethan pops his head out from his office door, "Maggie, Audrey, this is going to take a moment. Someone has a problem and as usual I need to fix it," and just like that, he's gone again.

"Well, I think I'm just going to go then," I turn for the patio door.

"Have a drink with me," Maggie says and I turn around. 

"Uh, okay, sure. Did you wanna change?" 

She laughs, grabs two bottles of wine, and leads me out on the patio. We walk down the beach and she stops when we reach a lifeguard chair. She hops up with ease and I do my best to make it look that easy. We listen to the waves and Maggie uncorks both bottles, taking a long pull from one of them and handing me the other. 

"I'm sorry you got set up with my brother, he's pretty lame. I mean, other than the fact that he's letting me stay here," she smiles at me. Her eyes are sparkling against the ocean and her bright red lips curve perfectly upward when she smiles. 

"So what brings you to L.A.?" I ask, taking a drink from the bottle she gave me. 

"I wanted to get away from Vegas for awhile."

"You live in Vegas?" 

"Not as of right now. I'd like to stay in L.A. but aside from waitressing jobs I can't really find anything that brings in a steady paycheck. What do you do?"

"I'm a freelance editor and I shoot documentaries in my spare time. It's all film, film, film for me," I slug more wine. 

We're quiet for a minute and then, "Wanna go for a swim?" Maggie giggles.

"Isn't it dangerous to swim now? It's getting dark."

Maggie hops off the chair and runs toward the water. She drops her towel and dives into the water. She disappears for a moment and pops up at least 10 feet from where she went under. She waves me to come in. I finish my wine and hop off the chair. I peel my dress up over my head and it occurs to me that I'm not wearing underwear, per Regina's suggestion. 

I see Maggie splashing around and throw my bra to the sand. The waves wash over me and I feel free. All of the sudden I am completely emerged and my body glides through the water effortlessly. I surface and Maggie is so close. She smiles at me and we swim to each other. 

We look into each other's eyes for a moment and she laughs, "Wanna go back? Lay on the beach?"

I nod and we swim back to the beach. We run a couple of feet and collapse. We are both laughing and I have no idea why when out of nowhere her lips are on mine. She pulls away and stares down at me,"You're very beautiful fresh from the ocean," she smiles. 

I smile up at her and bring my lips to hers again, this time opening my mouth to let my tongue dance with hers. We stay like this until we hear Ethan from the patio, "You girls OK?" he shouts to us. Maggie looks up at him and gives a thumbs up. She looks back to me, "We better go in," 

"I should go," I feel my cheeks. They're hot. I pull my dress back on and Maggie walks up the steps completely nude. Her frame is breathtaking. Her tan skin is almost shimmering.

We walk up the patio steps and Ethan has a glass of wine for me. 

"You know, I should really get going. I have a shoot in the morning and I need a very specific light that I only have about an hour to get..."

Maggie is wrapped in a blanket now, "You should stay. I can give you a lift in the morning and you'll be there in plenty of time. Maybe you'd even let me watch?"

"Well, it seems like you two have become fast friends," Ethan swirls his wine. 

I smile, "Of course you can watch the shoot."

Maggie makes a bed for me on the couch after Ethan falls asleep cuddling his blackberry. After a bottle and a half of wine, I am exhausted. My head hits the pillow and Maggie stands over me. 

I whisper, "Thanks for the swim,"

She kneels down beside me and smiles into my ear, "My pleasure, Audrey," 

Something about the way she purrs my name sparks a warmth between my legs. I close my eyes and what seems to be a moment later Maggie is standing over me in a bikini. It's still dark out and she's holding all of the things. "Time to go," she beams. 

My head doesn't agree with any of this, but when I make my way to the kitchen for water, I find two Aspirin and coconut water on the counter. "Best hangover cure ever," she says right behind me. 

We get into Maggie's car. I like it far more than Ethan's. She turns the key and Ke$ha blasts through the speakers. We stop at my place so I can change and grab my gear and we're off to the beach. A tall, rail-thin woman leans against an old Cadillac and smokes a long cigarette. 

I walk over to her, "Hi! You must be Yvette," I extend my hand and she ignores me. 

Her accent is European and she rolls her eyes, "I'm still drunk from last night and I need to get to sleep, can we get this over with?"

Maggie stifles a laugh and then so do I. Usually the women I shoot are so intimidating that I act like a total buffoon, but having Maggie with me is easing my nerves. 

I film Yvette in the light coming up over the horizon and she looks stunning. Between takes, she smokes cigarettes and vomits once or twice, but she recovers remarkably well. I'm going over the footage with the director on the shoot. Maggie peeks over my shoulder and says so very genuinely, "That... that is breathtaking,"

Yvette and her entourage leave and the shoot was kind of a success. I'm loading my equipment into my bag when I look up to see Maggie standing in front of the sun that is ever so slowly rising. I gasp out loud and she turns to me, smiling. She runs over and takes my hand, "I wanna show you something,"

Gingerly, we trek down some rocks and find a small sandbar. The water in the most deliciously cool temperature and we sit on a flat rock that's just under the tiny waves lapping at us. Maggie looks at me for a moment and suddenly we're kissing. It's a deep kiss and I can feel it all the way through to my toes. She tugs at my dress and pulls it off.

She pulls her own dress off and then her bikini top. Her breasts are so beautiful I want to cry a little. She takes one of mine into her mouth and a sharp gasp escapes my lips, "Maggie, what if someone sees us..."

She stops and looks at me with a smirk, "Then they're really in for a show," 

Maggie pulls the ties on either side of my bikini bottom and I'm fully exposed. She runs a finger up and down my slit and I can't help but look around to see if anyone is watching. When I feel her mouth cover my clit my eyes slam shut and nobody else exists anymore. 

She sucks my clit into her mouth and plays with it using the tip of her tongue. The water splashes around us as I try to keep my hips under control. She uses a hand to push me back and I lay down. My ears are under the water and all I can hear now is liquid moving and my own breathing. I feel a finger, then two, as she finds and strokes my g-spot with ease. My eyes are closed and she's working her fingers inside of me and her tongue everywhere else. 

I pinch my nipples and I can feel her moan against me in agreement with it. She's talking to me. I'm getting little bits of "Yeah," and "Baby, cum," 

Her fingers are flying in and out of me now and she's practically swallowed my clit. My hips are trembling and I push myself up on my elbows when I cum. The sensations are overwhelming. Cool water dripping down my back from my hair, waves washing up against me, and a catastrophic orgasm tearing me to shreds. 

She kisses my thighs and moves up to my stomach, my breasts, and finally my mouth. Everything is salty but delightfully so. 

"I think I like you," she smiles against my mouth. 

I giggle and kiss her again. When we arrive back at my car, I pick my phone up. I have 10 text messages and 3 phone calls from Regina. I think about what the hell I might tell her about this whole thing, and then I look at Maggie. She smiles back at me and I toss my phone in the back seat. This could get interesting.