 I suggest that if you have the time read the first chapter of this story. 

It's about a great time in 3 college roommates lives as they explore life, love, and sex. My girlfriend Marie, her best friend Kelli, and me John shared this little duplex and here are a few of our adventures. My girlfriend Marie wanted to try sex with a girl but was too inhibited so she convinced me to dress up as a girl - "Jenny" - and satisfy her fantasy. But Kelli walked in on us.

* * * * *

Kelli stood there with her skirt hiked up around her waist and her hand buried in her white panties with a shit eating grin on her face. "You two have some explaining to do."

I looked away from Kelli and looked up to Marie who was just petrified. As for myself, I figured this had to be the most embarrassing situation you could ever imagine. I'm laying on top of my girlfriend, wearing her red panties, red bra and red thigh hi stockings, pretending to be Marie's new girlfriend "Jenny" after I just licked her to a very vocal orgasm where Marie announced her love for Kelli. I was incorrect, I would never have been able to imagine anything this embarrassing before it actually happened.

Marie looked at me and then up to Kelli, "How long have you been there?"

"Long enough."

Marie knew she was busted, "Kelli, I can explain."

"Don't even try."

"But"

Kelli just shook her head and started walking to the bed, "I don't want to hear another word. Especially from this "bitch" you're with." She emphasized the word bitch by smacking my panty covered ass. "Now since I see "Jenny" is done with you, it's my turn for some fun." She kneeled on the edge of the bed and pulled her shirt over her head exposing her huge boobs in her white lacy 36D bra. The contrast of the bright white and her dark skin was amazing. She then proceeded to unhook her skirt exposing her white cotton bikini panties. I had seen Kelli in her undies numerous times, even naked on a few occasions over the five months that we shared this little duplex, but this was the sexiest that I had ever seen her.

Kelli nudged me off of Marie and took my place between Marie's open thighs. Marie went from being scared shitless to happy as she ever had been. Here was her best friend of 3 years in a position that Marie had only dreamed about. She barely had time to smile before Kelli started working on Marie's very wet pussy and very sensitive clit. I thought I was talented at making a girl cum with just my tongue and fingers but Kelli was a pro. 

Kelli started at the bottom of Marie's slit and worked her way up to the clit which she sucked/nibbled/licked all at the same time. When she could tell that Marie was getting close to cumming, she went back down and tongued all the way to the base of Marie's pussy and then to her sensitive asshole. Just as soon as Kelli got her tongue into Marie's ass, she returned to the clit and continued to suck/nibble/lick again. This sent Marie over the edge. In less than two minutes Kelli had Marie bouncing on our king sized bed and pulling Kelli's hair. Marie's eyes rolled back in her head as she shuddered to her 4th orgasm of the morning. Kelli stopped her assault on Marie's tender and swollen pussy, looked over her shoulder at me and said, "Now 'Jenny,' let's see how useful you are."

I assumed that Kelli wanted some action from me so I started to tug her white bikini panties down. "Not yet bitch", Kelli stopped me, "Go into my room and get me something from my dresser. I think you've already snooped through my stuff so you probably know what I mean, it's in the third drawer on the right side under my blue sweatshirt."

Kelli was right, I had snooped through her stuff, and I did know what she was talking about. I'm assuming she got this on her most recent trip to Germany when she went to visit her dad who was in the army. I had never seen anything quite like this before, and only on a few occasions after. It was a strap on dildo that had a total of three cocks attached. One designed to go into the wearer's pussy which was about 4 inches long and designed to stimulate Kelli's clit, and one each to go into the intended victim's ass (7 inches long and about 1 ½ inches wide) and pussy (10 inches long 2 ½ inches wide). As I was retrieving the item, I heard Kelli yell from Marie's and my room into hers, "Open my bedside table and bring me some lube as well." At that point I was in no position to argue even if I wanted to, which I didn't. I quickly retrieved the strap-on and the lube and returned to my room.

What I saw should have surprised me, but considering I was wearing my girlfriend's lingerie and just seen my girlfriend's best friend eat her to an earth shaking orgasm, nothing surprised me. Marie was still on her back, but her bra straps on her black lace teddy had been lowered exposing her very firm C-cup boobs. Kelli's bra and panties were discarded on the floor. These two things didn't surprise me. But seeing Marie urgently sucking on Kelli's long hard nipples and fingering her best friend's pussy surprised me. Marie who just an hour and a half ago pleaded with me to play pretend so she could experiment with a "girl" was totally engrossed with the real thing.

Kelli sensed that I was in the room and looked over her shoulder at me and smiled. "It's about time Jenny, we almost forgot about you. If you're a good girl, we'll let you join us." Now that's what I was talking about, me in a threesome with two hot girls that were going to fuck each other silly. Kelli smiled at me as I handed her the strap on dildo. "Now Jenny, be a doll and get Marie all lubed up for me while I go put this on. My toy is bigger than you and I don't want her getting hurt. Make sure you get her ass nice and loose for me." With that she got off the bed and turned her back to us.

I should have been a little hurt about the size comment, but Kelli was right. That thing she was putting on was HUGE. Also, I could tell that Kelli got a thrill playing the role of the dominant. Plus this might lead to something a little different, and as I always say, 'Anything different is good.'

I smiled at Marie as I squirted some KY on my fingers and started lubing up her extremely wet pussy. Marie just smiled trying to suppress a laugh. She was so wet that she could have easily taken two cocks into her sweet pussy. The smile disappeared a little as I pulled my fingers out of her, squirted some more KY on my fingers and started fingering her ass. I started with one finger, then quickly added a second. I sawed in and out of her for about twenty seconds then added a third. Marie sucked in a large breath as she was getting used to half my hand in her ass that until 2 weeks ago had been virgin. I quietly asked her if she was okay and she just nodded and even more quietly whispered "yes."

Kelli interrupted me by pulling my hair forcing my head back. "You are so cute in her panties and things, I'll have some fun with you later. But now, get the hell out of my way. Marie roll over and get on all fours."

I did as I was told, got off the bed and started stroking my now rock hard cock through Marie's red satin panties and watched Kelli eye my girlfriend. Marie's head was down ready for her impaling of the two fake cocks. Kelli had a look of lust that only happens when you have wanted something for a really long time that has been so close, yet unattainable. She didn't waste any time and quickly grabbed Marie's hips and slid the 10 inch cock into Marie's still soaking wet pussy. She played with her; only sliding an inch or two back and forth. This went on for about 30 seconds until she started to insert the 7 inch cock into Marie's well lubed ass.

Marie didn't say a word. She didn't have to. Her body was telling the whole story, she was in absolute heaven. The 7 inch cock sliding into her ass stretched her like never before. Marie couldn't move and tried to relax as best she could to get used to the size. Since I had taken her anal cherry two weeks ago we had done it a few more times. Each time she would try to be as still as possible until her insides were used to my size. But this time she couldn't relax. She was getting stretched in her pussy as well as by the huge 10 inch cock in her pussy that was hitting areas that Marie didn't know existed. 

Whenever I had fucked Marie in the ass I was always very slow and gentle. Kelli was trying to be gentle but every time she pushed a little further in on Marie, the 4 inch clit stimulator caused Kelli to jump and move. I could tell right away that Kelli was going to cum very soon. I decided to speed things up by kneeling behind Kelli and rubbing my panty covered cock on her lightly tanned ass cheeks. I startled her slightly but not enough that she stopped fucking my girlfriend with her double headed strap on dildo. As I rubbed up against Kelli's ass I hugged her close rubbing my bra against her back as I squeezed and pinched her rock hard brown nipples. I started to kiss her neck and I could tell that she was so close to cumming that I decided to have some fun. I gently bit her shoulder and I could feel her orgasm start as her whole body began to shake. 

Marie had her head buried in her pillow moaning softly as Kelli's two headed monster was still buried inside of her. Kelli was shaking and making incoherent sounds that alternated between moans and silent cries. Kelli pulled out of Marie and grinded her ass back hard into my red satin panties. She looked over her shoulder and said, "Be a doll and let us get some rest. Wake us up in about two hours and make us some lunch."

As I was getting up off the bed I started to get undressed and was ready to put my own things back on when she gently shook her head and said, "Did I tell you that you could take those off?" She winked at me and slid up behind Marie and they started to take a nap.

To Be Continued...