 One night, Sophia visited Phoebe for dinner and a catch-up. As the evening turned to night and the red wine flowed unabated, they lost track of time. Finally, during a rare lull in the conversation, Sophia looked at the clock.

"Oh my lord, look at the time! I should get going and let you get to bed." She stood up and took two wobbly steps on her high heels, her head swimming.

"Get your ass back here! You're not going anywhere, sweetie," said Phoebe. "I'll put you in my room, and I'll stay on the couch."

Sophia changed into a skimpy nighty of Phoebe's and was soon safely tucked up in bed. Phoebe also retired for the night. But half an hour later a strange cry from Sophia brought her friend running. Phoebe opened the door to her room. "Are you okay, hon?"

It quickly became obvious that Sophia was still asleep and having a really erotic dream. She had kicked off all the bed covers and her nighty was bunched up below her tits. Her legs were spread and her hips were bucking and gyrating. In the moonlight a moist patch was clearly visible on the crotch of her pretty panties.

Phoebe found herself getting turned on by the erotic sight in front of her. She had always known she was a lesbian, but had vigorously denied any feelings toward Sophia. But looking at her sexy body writhing in frustration in front of her was too much. Phoebe's hand snuck down between her thighs and began teasing her little clit. Unlike Sophia she wore no panties under her short nighty. She was surprised to discover how wet she had become in such a short time.

Sophia moaned "Fuck me, Phoebe!" Phoebe was shocked, but quickly had a naughty idea. She snuck into the bedroom to find her strap-on dildo in her night stand drawer. Phoebe smiled cheekily to herself, unaware that alcohol and lust was seriously impairing her judgment.

Careful not to wake Sophia, Phoebe eased her friend's panties down her legs and exposed her neatly-trimmed pussy. A questing finger confirmed that Sophia was very wet down there. Phoebe hesitated, and then she stuck her finger in her mouth. It tasted pretty much as you'd expect.

Working up her courage, she positioned herself over her friend and started rubbing the dildo up and down Sophia's pussy, easing the lips apart gently. Still fast asleep, Sophia moaned "Stick it in me! I want it so bad..."

"Fine!" thought Phoebe, and started pushing it into Sophia's cunt. She didn't make much headway. "Hmm, perhaps it's too big" she thought, but decided to keep trying. She twisted it as she pushed, and that helped. "Now you're really being screwed," she whispered to her sleeping friend.

Phoebe got the dildo half-way in before she could shove it no further. She started thrusting it in and out, the smooth rubbery surface and Sophia's juices helping a lot. 

"Oh, oh, faster... harder..." mumbled Sophia.

"If you say so," thought Phoebe, and started pumping the dildo furiously into Sophia's cunt. Sophia started groaning and bucking her hips, the thrusts of the imaginary lover in her dream coinciding with Phoebe's enthusiastic penetrations. Phoebe took her hand and pinched the hood of Sophia's clitoris between her two fingers. She thrusted the dildo almost all the way in as Sophia's hard clit popped out.

Suddenly Sophia gasped and her eyes flew open as she awoke. She stared in horror at Phoebe, then the strap-on that connected them. Her eyes boggled as she found herself spasming in orgasm.

"What the fuck do you think you're do... oooh oooooh ooooohing???" Sophia cried. Phoebe was in shock and started to pull the dildo out of Sophia.

" Don't fucking stop, I'm Cuuummmiiinnnggg... oh fuuuccckkkk"

Phoebe started pounding the dildo into her with force and speed. 

Sophia arched her back and moaned in ecstasy as she came hard on the dildo, then fell limp on the bed.

Phoebe looked down at this beautiful woman, than realized what happened and pulled the dildo out of her and sat beside her friend.

"God Sophia, I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me..."

"You're a fucking lesbian! You raped me!"

"Yes, I am lesbian! And you were asking for it...Literally asking me to fuck you in your dream!"

"I...I WHAT??? I was asleep!"

Phoebe hung her head in shame.

Sophia and Phoebe looked at each other for what seemed like an eternity. Sophia stared at the strap-on Phoebe had on, glistening with her pussy juice in the moonlight. Phoebe stared at Sophia's widely spread legs and reddened twat, then met her eyes. "God, she's beautiful" thought Phoebe.

Sophia closed her thighs and sat up. Her nighty fell down, covering her nakedness. Her nipples still poked conspicuously through the silk, betraying her aroused state.

"Where are my panties?"

Phoebe pointed at the floor. Sophia picked up her underwear and pulled them on, then turned to look at her contrite friend on the bed. Punishment was clearly in order...

"Take that thing off!" Sophia said with urgency. Phoebe obeyed.

"I'm going to teach you a lesson, you naughty girl!" said Sophia. She pounced on Phoebe and wrestled her across her lap. "Oooh no!" cried Phoebe, who couldn't believe her luck.

Sophia gave Phoebe several good smacks on her naked butt and noticed with satisfaction how quickly the skin reddened. After several more loud smacks she started squeezing and rubbing the other girl's buttocks, delighting in the feel of the girl's soft ass cheeks under her hand. Then she dug her fingers deep into Phoebe's flesh.

"Owww!" said Phoebe, "That hurts!"

"This is supposed to be punishment. Now shut up." Several more smacks followed and Phoebe's butt began to glow. Sophia felt some movement against her leg and discovered that Phoebe was fingering her pussy while she was being spanked.

"You're not supposed to enjoy this," grumbled Sophia. Then her eye fell upon a huge dildo in the bedside table drawer. She grinned and grabbed it.

"What are you doing? That's too big; I haven't tried that one yet!" Phoebe said nervously.

"Giving you a taste of your own medicine!" replied Sophia wickedly. She forced Phoebe's legs apart and forced the dildo into her pussy. Encountering little resistance and much lubrication, the dildo slid deep into Phoebe's dripping tunnel. Phoebe's eyes widened as her pussy stretched further than it ever had before. Sophia started fucking Phoebe enthusiastically, while the helpless girl struggled on her lap. She started alternating thrusts with spanks across Phoebe's raw ass.

"No... it hurts, oh... oh..., please Sophia don't... oooooh!" moaned Phoebe, not really wanting it to end. Sophia grabbed Phoebe's hair and brutally shoved the dildo in as deep as it would go. She couldn't decide whether she was angry or horny.

"Yeow!" Tears came to Phoebe's eyes from the combined pain of her burning bottom and tortured twat, but her fingers kept rubbing her clit, building up a frantic pace. Sophia's arm started to get sore but she kept up the punishing assault, ramming it into Phoebe with a wet, slurping sound. Phoebe's gushing pussy juices ran down the dildo and over Sophia's hand. Eventually Phoebe tensed and gasped "I'm coming! Don't stop aaahhhhhhh!" Sophia slapped her ass as hard as she could, leaving Phoebe's buttocks quivering and red as they bounced in her lap.

When Phoebe's ass stopped twitching Sophia yanked the dildo out of Phoebe's cunt, and then pushed her off her lap and onto the floor, where she landed with a wet thud. Sophia fell back onto the bed, squeezing her legs together in an attempt to suppress her aching desire, but then gave in and stuck a hand in her panties, finding her pussy lips gooey and swollen.

A panting Phoebe climbed back on the bed. "Jesus Sophia, that was a bit rough. I won't be able to sit down for a week."

"Shut up and make yourself useful." Sophia pulled her panties off and spread her pussy apart with two fingers. "Eat me Phoebe. Eat my pussy..."

Phoebe hesitated. "Sophia, are you lesbian now?"

"At this moment, yes" murmured Sophia.

"So, what does that mean?"

"I don't care. Please, just lick me." Sophia grabbed Phoebe's head and guided her mouth to her pussy. Phoebe dove in, licking the entire length of Sophia's gash before honing in on her protruding clitoris. She alternately flicked it with her tongue and sucked it into her mouth, her senses reeling with the aroma of Sophia's aroused sex.

Sophia moaned gently, running her hands through Phoebe's long, soft hair. Phoebe ran her hands up Sophia's naked sides and onto her large breasts, pinching and tugging her thick, erect nipples. It wasn't long before Sophia reached her climax, practically suffocating Phoebe as she grabbed her head and mashed Phoebe's lips and teeth into her pussy. It was one of the most satisfying orgasms she had ever had.

Afterwards they lay in each other's arms. Sophia gently stroked Phoebe's sore ass, breathing in the delicious smell of her hair. "I'm sorry I was so rough. Next time will be different."

"We shouldn't do this again," whispered Phoebe half-heartedly.

"Why not? We're just friends, doing each other a favor until my Mr. Right comes along. I've been missing out on intimacy for too long, and so have you. It doesn't mean I'm a dyke."

"Well I am a dyke! This means more to me than just a friend helping a friend Sophia. I have feelings for you, and I have for awhile now."

"I'm sorry Phoebe, I cannot say I am a lesbian for sure. This night was amazing! Maybe," Sophia tried to gather her thoughts, and then kissed Phoebe on the forehead, then on the mouth. Their tongues entwined, probing each other's hot, wet mouths, and they drew each other closer, their breasts mashing together. 

"Maybe, I could get use to this... let's just take things slow for now Phoebe. I still like men; this hasn't changed my feelings for them. "

They lay in silence for a minute. "Ok, but Will you lick my pussy next time?" asked Phoebe.

"No fucking way." Sophia said with a smirk while biting her lip.

The End.

*****

Please let me know if you liked it or if I should make another part to it.