 I'm editing some stuff when my phone whistles at me. I pick it up and I'm bummed when it isn't Maggie. I saw her less than 12 hours ago, so I can't be too upset. I blush thinking about all the time Maggie and I have spent together over the past week.

The movie theater, the beach, the fitting room, my car, Ethan's couch... we're like teenagers. We can't keep our hands off of each other and nobody even knows. Ethan almost caught us, and Regina makes jokes, but we're the only two who know what we're really doing. 

She doesn't care if people see us, but for some reason I do. I'm not gay, and aside from a few drunken kisses with girlfriends in college, I'm pretty used to guys only. There's just something about Maggie. She always says what's on her mind. She's always so clever and savvy and I admire it. She started working as a shot girl down by Venice Beach, but she's been accompanying me to a lot of shoots. 

She loves film like I do, and capturing beautiful things on it. She convinced me to record us the other night. I've never been a huge fan of my naked body, but she makes me feel flawless. We set up my camera in front of Ethan's couch and ravaged each other. When we watched the footage later, seeing her mouth all over my thighs and pussy made me need it from her again. She was very happy to oblige. 

I decide that I'm not going to get anymore work done for now and my phone rings almost on cue. 

"Oh, you're alive," Regina says dryly when I answer. 

"Hey, girl, hey," I smile. 

"What are you doing tonight?" she asks with a snarky tone. 

"I don't really have any plans,"

"No Maggie tonight?"

I frown, "No Maggie tonight,"

"Meet me at BLD then!"

I agree to meet her there and we get a table outside. 

"You know, Ethan is a really nice guy. And I think he likes you," she says between bites. 

"He's just so not my type. He was on his phone throughout dinner and he even gave me the finger at one point,"

Her eyes widen, "He gave you the finger?"

"He didn't flip me the bird. He gave me the 'one-minute' finger. I hate that. What about you and that guy, Dylan?" I try to change the subject.

"He's sweet,"

"And rich," I smile. 

"He does have money," she flashes me a diamond tennis bracelet. 

"Oh my god! G, you guys have been out like... 4 times!"

"I know! He took me for a walk yesterday and gave it to me then," she admires the diamonds in the fading sunlight.

"As long as he treats you right..." 

"Ew, that's such a cliché friend thing to say," she sticks her tongue out. 

"Regina, you're a beautiful woman. You're smart and talented and any guy would be lucky to have you. I just wanna make sure you don't move too quickly,"

She smiles at me and touches my hand, "I can take care of myself. We need to get you set up though. Go out with Ethan one more time. One more shot. He's mellowed out a lot since college and he makes a shitload of money. He could take care of you..."

I'm annoyed that she can take care of herself but I apparently can't, but I don't say anything. I head home to finish editing a project. I'm about finished when my buzzer scares the shit out of me. 

It's nearly 3 in the morning. 

"Hello?" 

"Let me up!" a giggle comes through the speaker. 

I run to the window and see Maggie standing outside. I buzz her up and when I open the door she's posing.

"Like my uniform?"

She's wearing her shot girl outfit. It's a very small dress that barely covers her butt and sky-high heels. 

I laugh, "There's not much to it, but yes, I like it very much."

I invite her in and we sit on my couch. Before I can say a word she is on top of me. Her hands make fists in my hair and she's kissing my neck and jaw. 

"I haven't showered since yesterday in the morning..." I pant. 

She licks up my jaw line to my earlobe and bites down then whispers, "You're delicious," and continues her attack. 

She's kissing and licking everywhere but my lips. Before I know it, my shirt and shorts are long gone, strewn across the room. She kneels between my legs and glides her tongue from my breasts to my belly button. She nibbles the skin near my hip bones and is very pleased when she sees the full body goose bumps I am covered in. 

I lift my butt just slightly so she can pull off my panties, but she doesn't. Instead, I feel her tongue pressing on my swollen clit through the thin layer of cotton that covers it. The heat seeps through gradually and she begins to slowly shake her head side to side. 

I let my eyes close and the feeling is exquisite. She opens her mouth wide and covers the crotch of my panties almost completely. Her breath is hot and I can no longer tell what my moisture is and what's hers. My thong is soaked and a small moan escapes from deep within my throat. 

She moans against me and my head starts spinning. I try to move the fabric aside, but she grabs my hands and pushes them away. She teases me this way awhile longer and finally slides the drenched material down my thighs to my knees. She gets so close to my clit as if she's examining it. I'm propped up on my elbows, watching her. 

She looks up at me and her eyes almost take my breath away. She is so passionate about what she's doing. My entire body is tensed and my pussy is dripping and red hot. She moves the hood of my clit out of the way ever so gently runs her teeth over the bright pink bump. 

A yelp jumps from my mouth and I cover it. 

She looks me in the eye, "I wanna hear you. Don't cover your mouth," she commands, turning her attention back to the throbbing bit she's got squeezed between her fingers. She begins slowly running the roughness of her tongue over it. It's painful and blissful. 

"Faster," I beg. 

She continues to move excruciatingly slowly and I'm whining against a pillow. Everything in my lower body is trembling. I look down at her again and her eyes are on mine. She's not moving any faster and I begin to think I'm going to go insane or explode.  

She increases the pressure and I feel a finger slide inside of me. She moves this finger just as slowly and I'm nearly in tears. She finds my g-spot and holds her finger there. 

I buck my hips against her, begging with them. She takes her mouth off of me for only a moment and very sternly says, "Be. Patient."

She increases pressure on my g-spot and on my clit and the pleasure is overwhelming. I lay my head back and close my eyes. I feel like my body is going to melt into the couch and suddenly, with a few short, hard strokes of her tongue, my back arches up and I scream. Every muscle in my body clenches and I'm frozen. I can feel she's still licking, but I'm cumming so fucking hard that I can't tell what she's doing anymore. 

When I return to earth, she's gingerly licking juices from everywhere. She flicks my clit with her tongue and I pull back in pain. It's so sensitive that I don't even what to close my legs. 

I stare at her wide-eyed and she finally kisses my lips. I can taste myself on her. She bites at both of my breasts and they, too, are incredibly sensitive.

"What did you just do to me?" I ask, astonished.

She laughs and kisses me again. "Can I stay the night?" 

I laugh, "You wouldn't be able to leave if you wanted to. I'm going to keep you here forever,"

Her eyes light up, "OK!"

We take a shower crawl into my bed together. She's the big spoon and for a moment everything in the world seems perfect. 

_______

"What the fuck?!"

My eyes shoot open and Regina is in my bedroom holding coffee. I turn and see that Maggie has miraculously slept through Regina's outburst. Regina turns around and walks into the living room.

I grab a t-shirt and follow her out there, closing my bedroom door. 

"Okay, G, you need to not freak out right now,"

"So you're a lesbian now?" she says, obviously not calm. 

"What? No. I'm... I don't know what I am. I'm not gay, if that's what you think," 

We stare at each other for a moment and Regina still hasn't closed her mouth. It's just hanging wide open. 

"Audrey. You were just in bed with a naked woman. And you were naked. I'm not stupid," she puts her hands on her hips. Suddenly, her face turns horrified and she marches to my bedroom door. She opens it, gasps, and closes it again. She is now whisper yelling, "That's Ethan's sister! Maggie is... holy shit. You're fucking Ethan's sister? You... is... you're..." 

"G, calm... down..." 

She looks at my shorts and t-shirt from last night. One is draped over a lamp and one is on the floor. 

"I don't know what kind of fucked up thing you've got going here, but..." she stops herself when Maggie opens my bedroom door wearing only my sheet. 

"Hey, Regina. It's been a while," she smiles. 

Regina walks over to Maggie and sticks a finger in her face, "What the fuck are you doing with my best friend? I always knew you were into girls, but Audrey likes boys. Always has. Strictly men, get it?"

Maggie laughs. 

"I'm sorry, I really don't see what's fucking funny about this. Your brother is a good friend of mine and this is gonna look really fucking awful," she huffs. 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but if Audrey isn't into girls, she's been putting on a great act for me the last couple weeks,"

I'm standing, watching, horrified. "Regina, you need to not freak out and tell the whole world about this,"

Maggie glares at me now, "Who gives a shit? We're kinda dating. So what?"

Both Regina and I look at her, shocked, and in best friend fashion we say in unison, "Dating?!"

Regina picks up her coffee, "I need to process," and just like that, she's gone. 

"It's moments like this that I wish she didn't have keys to my place."

"Why not?" Maggie looks angry. 

"Because, Maggie, as much fun as I've been having with you, you telling people that we're dating is a little bit of a stretch, don't you think?"

She walks into my room and when she comes back out she is dressed again. 

"Wait, what are you doing?" I move in front of the door inadvertently. 

"I'm leaving," she pushes past me. She grabs the door knob and pulls. I throw myself against the door, slamming it loudly. 

"Would you just wait?"

"Why? Please give me a good reason to wait." she looks at me and her eyes look glassy. 

"Are you going to cry?" I'm surprised. So surprised. 

"No, I'm not going to fucking cry. You're clearly confused about what you want and I'm not going to be your fuck buddy. Call me when you figure out what it is that you want," she pulls the door open again and this time slides out through the small space allowed with my body still against it. 

She walks to the top of the stairs and stops, "Oh, and don't worry, I won't tell your dirty little secret,"

I watch her walk down the stairs. She disappears from view and the downstairs door slams. 

I close the door and lean against it, breathing deeply. My cheeks appear to be permanently crimson and I slide down the door on my back, putting my head on my knees. 

I put my head back and it hits the door, "Fuck," 

I hit it again a couple more times intentionally and sit there awhile longer before getting back to my project. When I can't think of anything but how amazing last night was - hell, how amazing all the time I spend with Maggie is - tears prick my eyes. I'm so, so confused.