 This happened almost fifteen years ago but every time I think about it I get an instant hard-on and a warm feeling of love for some old and dear friends.

It was early October in 1991. My girlfriend Marie and I were sharing this little two bedroom duplex with our best friend Kelli. We were all students at a large Midwestern state college and trying to figure out how life/love/sex all "really" worked. Marie and I were fourth year students at the time (of at least 5 years lol) and Kelli was a Junior. 

Even though Kelli was a little younger she was a lot wiser on the ways of the world. She was an army brat whose father was a Colonel, so she was used to moving all over the world and believed whole heartedly that the world belonged to her. She was a bigger girl, not fat, just a little big. She easily filled out a 36D bra, looked great in and out of a one piece swimsuit, and generally knew how to dress to accentuate her assets and cover up her flaws. She had lovely shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes and a year round tan. During the summer she almost looked like she was of Native American descent.

Marie looked like she could have been Kelli's distant Nordic cousin. She was the all American girl with blonde hair and blue eyes. She was a pretty good athlete in high school and tried to stay in shape through her college years. She was also a little on the big side, but she had a really good body. She had a large pair of tits that rivaled Kelli's but she squished them into a 36C bra because she liked the cleavage it gave her. Plus she hated wearing a bra that had 3 or 4 hooks in the back, she wanted one that could easily be taken off at a party if the need arose. She had the classic "poodle perm" that was so common back then. For those of you too young to remember or those that have tried to block out the late 80's/early 90's let me remind you what it looked like. Hair the same length, usually about an inch below the ear, all the way around the back. The front bangs were teased and sprayed so much that they actually defied gravity and went almost straight up in the air.

I was the typical college guy back then. About 6'2", 185 pounds. I didn't really work out, didn't have big muscles, but I didn't have much more than an ounce of fat on me either. I had pretty long hair at the time. I was definitely going for the Joel Elliot of Def Leppard look. I spent most of my days thinking of ways to avoid going to class so I could get drunk, play a few video games, and have sex as many times as I could with Marie. It was one of these typical days that Marie and I thought we had the house to ourselves. We woke up late for school and had our usual wake up sex. Nothing really impressive, but very comfortable sex. I got on top of Marie for about 10 minutes. I did my usual kneeling position after I entered her so I could lift her off the bed as we made love. From this position I could slide her up and down my 6 inch shaft while I alternately played with her boobs and her clit. After a few minutes of this I would lift her left leg straight up in the air and pounded her for a good 5 minutes until she came. After she calmed down a bit she rolled over on to her knees so I could enter her from behind and ride her doggie style til I came. We did that same thing so many times (I'm not complaining mind you) that we knew exactly how the other's body would react. I knew how to push her buttons and make her cum, she knew what really got me hot, it was perfect.

After our morning sexercise we decided to clean up a little. We took a shower together and got each other very clean. I know there wasn't a speck of dirt on her boobs, her butt or her nicely trimmed pussy after I was done. After we ran out of hot water we both quickly got out of the shower and dried off. Instead of getting dressed Marie just led me to our room buck naked. Now Kelli, Marie, and I had each seen each other naked at one time or another in the 5 months that we lived together so it wasn't that big of a deal to go running from the bathroom to a bedroom just wearing a smile. But Marie would usually show a little modesty by wearing her panties at least or try to cover herself up with a towel. Again I'm not saying that I was complaining, it was just a little different on her part, and most guys will tell you, anything different is good.

When we got back into the room Marie surprised me again by putting on her sexiest lingerie, a black lace teddy where you could easily see her nipples and a hint of pussy hair at the bottom. This had snaps at the crotch that were easy to remove allowing quick access to her sweet, sweet pussy. I just laid on the bed watching this beautiful blonde girl get herself all dolled up for some more sex. It was going to be a very good day.

When she was done dressing she slid into bed and started to stroke my semi-hard cock. I always love the sensation when you have sex two times in about an hour, unfortunately it takes me a while to get hard again after cumming. Marie continued to stroke me as she slid further up in bed, rubbing her big boobs in my face as she whispered in my ear. "I know you are always UP for something a little different, you want to try something a little kinky."

She was right, I am always into new things. In the last three weeks I had sex with her outside, taken naked photos of her (Polaroid), and taken her ass cherry. My educated and highly eloquent response was "Uh-huh."

She then gets this dirty little grin and tells me to stand up. I think to myself "Sure, as long as you look like that and stroke Mr. Wiggly, I'll do anything you want me to."

"I have always had this fantasy. But since I grew up in a small farm town I could never do this. If my folks or anyone I know from back home found out I would just die. Even 200 miles from home I don't feel comfortable doing it all the way. So I thought you could help me out. No one will ever know, and if you tell anyone I am moving out immediately."

My God! What did she want me to do to her, give her a Cleveland Steamer? "Marie, I love you very much, I will do whatever you want. I promise no one will ever know besides you and me. Let me help you live out your fantasy."

She half smiled at me, then dropped her head a little, and in an almost whisper, "I want to try having sex with another girl." 

Hallelujah sweet Jesus!!!!! I know she built it up saying she was worried about the social implications and she wanted me to help her live her fantasy, but this was mine and every other guys fantasy. "What can I do to help? Fix you up with Julie (a butch lesbian friend of mine from Army ROTC before I dropped out of the program)? Kelli maybe, I know she's done it before?"

She still had her head lowered and shook it slightly from side to side. "I don't think I could do it with a REAL girl, I just want to fantasize. Would you be my girlfriend?"

As I said earlier, as long as she was dressed in the black lace teddy and she was stroking my cock, I would do almost anything for her. "Honey, I love you and will do anything for you. What would you like me to do?"

She now looked up and gave me a half smile as she walked past me and opened the top drawer of her dresser. She pulled out a matching set of red satin bra, red satin bikini panties, and red thigh hi stockings. "Put these on and make love to me like a girl would."

I'm pretty sure that Marie had no idea that I used to wear my sisters and mom's lingerie all through high school and masturbated constantly before I met her. Hell, I had even tried on Marie's and Kelli's panties and bras since moving in with them. I didn't want to seem too excited or too knowledgeable so I just stuttered an 'ok' and pulled her panties up my legs and over my semi hard cock that was now starting to grow quickly. I intentionally fumbled with the bra trying to put it on the hard way. Marie just smiled and showed me how to put it on backwards to get the clasp hooked and then pull it around to the front. She then had me sit down and slid her thigh hi's up my legs. For a final touch she put some bright red lipstick on me, then applied some black lipstick to herself.

She then laid down on her back, spread her legs slightly and motioned with one finger to come up with her. I didn't need to be told twice. I started kissing her at her toes and made my way up her left leg. When I got to her knee, I kissed all around it tickling the back of her knee. While she was giggling from that my left hand slid up to her crotch. I started rubbing her through the lacy material. She was already dripping wet. I kept kissing further up her left thigh until I reached the bottom of her teddy. I think she was expecting me to go for the gold right there because it surprised her when I moved further up and started kissing around her neck. When I did this I stopped rubbing her crotch and started playing with her right nipple through her teddy. Her nipple was hard as a rock.

I was so busy working on her that I had almost forgotten about myself. The red satin panties were stretched by my now hard cock. I was so excited I was leaking a little pre-cum that had just started to create a wet spot on my panties. I don't know if Marie noticed it or not. She was so busy rubbing my ass through the panties or gently tugging on the bra that I really think she had convinced herself that I was a girl, not a guy. She even would pinch my nipples through my bra.

After kissing her neck for a few minutes, I started kissing her lips. Normally I would pull on her hair a little and show her who was boss, but this was her fantasy. I let her kiss me. They were slow, gentle kisses. Our lipstick made our lips stick a little to each other, when that happened Marie moaned, she was really getting into this fantasy. I continued squeezing her right nipple through her bra. I pinched a little too hard and she stopped for a second. "I want this moment to be with 'Jenny' not John, understand?"

I nodded my agreement and gently cupped her breast and started kissing her again. She closed her eyes again and moaned into my mouth and I took the hint. I opened my mouth and let her tongue play with my tongue, not the other way around. This went on for about 10 minutes, me gently squeezing her whole breast, Marie squeezing my ass or pinching my nipples through my bra as we kissed. She stopped the kiss, kept her eyes closed and said, "Enough foreplay, time for you to make me cum 'Jenny'" She pushed my head down to her crotch, spread her legs as far as they would go, reached down and unsnapped her teddy.

She was so wet she was literally dripping down her thighs. I didn't have to be told twice. I started eating her with a vengeance. I did every trick in the book. I wrote out every letter in the alphabet with my tongue, I sucked on her clit, I pushed my whole tongue in her. And Marie responded well. She was gripping my hair in both hands keeping my head in place. She was always a little vocal, but today she was unbelievable. "Jenny lick my pussy.' "Jenny suck my clit." "Jenny play with my asshole" "Jenny, Jesus Christ you're good" ""I'm going to cum, lick my pussy" "Oh God I'm cumming, Kelli I love you."

Did I just hear what I thought I heard.

I took enough Psych classes to understand the implications of what had been said. Even though they said that Freud was nuts and that some of his theories had been disproved through the years, I know what I just heard.

My little mental break probably lasted two seconds when I was brought back to reality, 'Oh God Kelli." But this time it wasn't a passionate cry, it was something much different.

"Oh Shit!"

"Kelli! How long have you been there?"

I turned around to see our lovely roommate with her skirt up around her waist and her hand down the front of her panties looking at us with a shit eating grin. She just smiled and said "You two have some explaining to do."

To Be Continued...