 The muffled bass thumped in the background of the crowded Beijing nightclub as Kate and I rolled around on the purple velvet couch of the employee lounge. 

"Sam quit it!!" Kate giggled as I tickled her relentlessly, making her squirm under me. 

"Please!" She said between fits of laughter. God, she was cute when she begged. She finally managed to wriggle free and climbed on top of me, pinning my arms above my head. After catching her breath she looked down at me again.

"You don't fight fair, you know!" she scolded. 

I ignored her half-hearted attempt at annoyance and instead lost myself in her golden amber eyes. My girlfriend is absolutely stunning, with her porcelain Korean skin, perfectly slim figure, and soft silky black hair that just grazes her shoulders. Though it's her eyes that really get me. Usually they give off this warm, inviting glow that pulls others to her like a magnet. But her eyes have this special expression just for me, turning into these heavy-lidded pools of teenage desire, and it drives me crazy every time. 

"You're so fucking gorgeous." I whispered as she continued to peer down at me. She laughed in that cute, nervous way that she does when people compliment her, and bent her head down, pressing her smooth lips against mine. 

"You're not so bad yourself" She said between kisses. We started making out, exploring each other's mouths. Kate was in a take-charge mood that was uncommon for her, still holding my wrists above me with one arm as her other roamed all over my small chest and flat stomach. Her boldness was turning me on more than a little, and I moaned softly into her mouth as she dug her nails into my side. Her lips drifted lower then, pressing into my collarbone before tracing the top of my lacy bra. She released my arms temporarily to pull my black silk tank over my head before continuing her path downward. Kate kissed and lapped at my nipples through the flimsy lace of the bra, making my eyes flutter closed in pleasure as I arched my chest toward her. 

"Ahhh fuck..." I breathed as I felt my small, pink nipples instantly harden and rub against the lace in the most delicious way. She smiled and moved further down, planting light kisses on my stomach and near the top of my hip bone, just above my low-rise skinny jeans. She lingered there, teasing me with soft pecks. I was soaking wet, and growing impatient. I needed her mouth on me so bad, but she refused to go any lower.

I knew what she was doing. I finally gave up and moaned "Please baby!" Kate lifted her head to smirk up at me.

"Look who's begging now!" She teased.

"Kate, please just..." I trailed off as she undid the button of my jeans.

"Please just...what?" she asked, as she slid the zipper down slowly, lightly brushing her fingers over the new skin that lay exposed.

"Please...I need you...just...lower" I finally managed to stammer back. Kate smiled again, but grabbed the waistline of the dark denim to slide it off of my hips, and tossed the jeans on the tiled floor below. Then she slowly ran her fingertips over my soaked panties.

"Mmmm, you're so wet..." She said, breathing heavily now as she cupped my mound. I whimpered under her touch, which felt like tiny electric shocks against my skin. I was so close already, her prolonged teasing leaving me in a desperate state of arousal. She moved lower once more, peeling the lace thong from my pussy and parting my legs to kiss my inner thighs. I shivered, willing her mouth to go where I wanted it, needed it most. 

Just when I thought I would loose my mind with lust, Kate buried her beautiful face into my pussy, sliding her small pink tongue up and down my slit and sucking my clit in her mouth making me scream her name. My cries were drowned out by the club's sound system thundering on in the background, but if anyone were standing near the door there would be no doubt of what was going on. Kate moaned against my clit, creating delicious vibrations with her mouth. We both knew I wouldn't last much longer.

"Fuck! Kate...don't... don't stop, I'm so close!" I said between moans.

I could feel my insides twisting, my orgasm rushing to the surface. Kate knew I was on the edge, and started lashing my clit forcefully with her magical tongue, looking up at me seductively with those golden eyes. That's all it took. I came hard, bucking my hips against her mouth, my eyes shut in intense pleasure as I rode the waves of a massive orgasm. As I came down from that crazy high, she slowly stroked my pussy, stopping every now and then to lick my cum off her fingers. 

I finally pulled her up to me, kissing her passionately and tasting myself on her tongue. 

"Jesus girlie, where did that come from?" I was both shocked and amazed that my shy lover had dominated me so perfectly. 

"I don't really know what came over me," she giggled "I wasn't planning on doing that here at work, but that sexy bra got the better of me. Plus, someone could have walked in at any moment. That thought drove me crazy" she finished, lust still playing on her perfect face. 

"That would be so hot" I replied, starting to unbutton her pink satin blouse. "Alright, it's your turn dare devil". But just as I moved to the last button, someone knocked loudly at the door, and proceeded to shout in rushed Mandarin.

"Hey Sam, Brandon's set is up in 2 minutes, then you're on!!" It was Chen, the sound manager. A native Beijinger like me, and always keeping the place running like clockwork. 

"Also, if you see Kate, tell her she's late. Her break ended 5 minutes ago, and Li needs to get out of here on time tonight."

I answered back in Chinese, telling him I was on my way to the stage, as I hurried to put my clothes back on. During this exchange, Kate had been laughing uncontrollably into a pillow at me trying to talk to Chen and dress all at once, but at the mention of her lateness she tossed the pillow aside and stepped back into her red pumps, running for the door. 

"Hurry up, Sammy! I'll tell Brandon to play one more before he leaves to give you time. See you out there sexy" she said over her shoulder as the lounge door opened and blaring dance music spilled into the room. I ran my fingers through my long black hair, trying to get the sex tangles out, but finally gave up. The crowd would be way too drunk by this hour to notice my slightly disheveled appearance. I grabbed my headphones from the mirrored table by the door and headed for the DJ booth.

Stepping through the back door into the raised platform of the sound booth and looking out to the dance floor, I knew it was going to be a good night. I have been a DJ in Beijing for over 4 years, and I can read a crowd's energy instantly. Tonight's group was a DJ's wet dream. They were enthusiastic, but not obnoxious. Fucked up, but not sloppy. And Brandon had warmed them up well. It was 3AM, and they were still dancing like it was midnight. I high-fived Brandon as he left the booth and took over the turntables, fading out his remix of Iggy Azalea, and using the baselines to mix in some Krewella to start. The crowd recognized the song and started dancing as I built the tempo higher. 

I looked over at the sound and light boards next to me. "Where the hell is Kate?" I thought to myself. "She should be here by now". Kate had started working at Club Global two years ago as a sound technician. Her job is to monitor the audio levels in the club's sound system and work the lasers and light effects in time with the DJ's music. 

Finally she stepped into the DJ booth, almost tripping over a stray cable, and took her spot next to me. 

"Starting with Krewella again I see?" She teased as she flipped on the green lasers in the light board.

"I could say the same to you. A little heavy handed with the green tonight, don't you think?" I teased back. She stuck her tongue out at me and switched to blue lasers instead. 

I tried to focus on my mix for a while, dabbling in trance and then fading back to house music again. Although it was never easy to focus with Kate standing next to me. I could smell her light vanilla floral perfume as she swayed to the music. The booth was raised high enough that the crowd could only see us from the chest up, but I could see her amazing ass in that tight sequined skirt, and it took every ounce of concentration I had to keep my eyes on the turntables. 

I dropped a new Jay-Z trap remix and the crowd was eating it up, so I decided to let it play out. I took a sip of water as I looked out at the sea of people. They were mostly typical clubbers, normal for a Friday night. Near the front there was a couple dancing, the girl grinding into the guy, and he had his hand up her skirt. This always amuses me. The guys think they are being so discreet in their drunken state, when really everyone knows what is happening. I nudged Kate, gesturing with my head towards the couple.

"We've got another one!" I joked.

"How long do you think before she get embarrassed and makes him stop?" She asked, giggling.

"I give it another minute maybe," I guessed. 

Sure enough, the girl came out of her haze and swatted her guy's hand away playfully before going back to her grinding.

I leaned over to Kate and whispered into her ear, "If I tried that with you on the dance floor, would you make me stop?"

She looked over at me with a mischievous grin "Mmmmm not a chance!"

"Really? Hmm good to know" I said, before mixing into the next track. God, I wanted to make her cum in a crowded club in front of everyone. I wanted to feel her grind into me while I reached up her miniskirt and fingered her relentlessly. Would she try to be quiet as her orgasm hit her? Would she be able to? The naughty fantasy played out in my head as I dropped the last track of my set.

The last DJ of the night entered the booth. Wang would play until the club closed at 6. 

"Hey Wang" I greeted him as he plugged his headphones into the turntables

"Sammy, hey girl. I heard your Jay-Z remix earlier, it was killer!" He said, fading out my house track and swapping it for a dubstep tune. 

"Thanks! Take care of them," I said, motioning toward the crowd. 

"Don't worry, they are in good hands" he joked back. 

I turned to leave the booth, giving Kate's ass a little smack on my way out. She had another hour before her shift ended. I usually waited for her back at my apartment, which was just around the corner from Global, but I had other ideas tonight. 

"I'll see you at yours then?" She asked.

"Actually I'll wait around here tonight. I'm feeling like having a drink or two" I answered.

"Okay, I'll come find you when I get off" She said before returning her attention to the sound board. 

I smiled to myself. She wouldn't have to find me to get off tonight. I planned on acting out my little fantasy, but first I really did want a drink. I wandered over to one of the bars and waved over Lu Ke, my favorite bartender.

"Sammy, what are you drinking tonight beautiful?" He shouted over the music.

"Whiskey sour. And make it a double!" I answered.

"A double huh? What are you up to tonight?" He eyed me questioningly.

"Oh you know me, I'm up to no good as always!" I said, winking at him.

"Behave yourself!" He shouted back, handing me my cocktail as he shifted to the next customer. 

I sipped my drink as I listened to Wang's set. He was new to DJ'ing, and had only been on the Global decks for a year, but the kid had talent. He was 19, the same age as Kate, but a fast learner. 4 years ago, when I was 19, I couldn't mix that well in my wildest dreams. 

He dropped a Calvin Harris rework and the crowd cheered euphorically. I looked over at Kate, who had selected a white hyper strobe that bounced around the room to the beat. This really was the perfect job for her. She loved dance music, and she was able to work nights here and study Chinese at the University nearby during the day. I wasn't sure when she ever slept, but it seemed to work for her. 

I finished my Whiskey and headed back toward the stage, plotting my move. I would need an excuse to be in the booth. Maybe a disconnected light panel or a faulty speaker. I worked out the white lie in my head before stepping back into the booth.

Wang and Kate looked over at me, confused.

"The light panels on the right side of the stage are out and Chen asked me to take a look real quick" I answered their silent question. Wang nodded and went back to his turntables, but Kate still eyed me, unconvinced. 

"Chen sent you?" She asked out loud this time. We both knew that Chen was a chronic micro-manager who lived by the mantra "if you want something done right you've got to do it yourself", and the thought of him assigning me a maintenance task was nothing short of absurd.

However, I decided to own my ridiculous story, "Yeah he is dealing with a VIP situation and asked me to look at it. Now scoot, I need to get to the panel box in front of you" I replied as I got on my knees, crawling past Kate to where the box lay under the counter in front of where she was standing. She rolled her eyes and went back to the light board. I pretended to fiddle with the cables attached to the box for a few minutes before focusing on the real reason I was down there. 

I reached out and slid my fingertips up her toned legs, making her jump slightly, surprised at the sudden contact. 

She looked down at me and whispered forcefully, "what do you think you're doing?"

I answered her question by running my hands further up to her thighs, lightly massaging the sensitive skin there. 

She immediately blushed bright red, and I saw her glance nervously over at Wang. He wasn't paying any attention to us though, lost in his mix as the crowd cheered him on. 

"But...I...can't you wait until we get home?" She pleaded. 

I just pushed her skirt farther up her hips and pressed my lips to her exposed thigh. She gasped audibly, but the loud club music drowned out her small voice.

I had planned to take my time teasing her, but this was turning me on more that I could handle. As my self-control melted away, I pulled her hips closer and ran my tongue up and down her slit through her soft satin panties. Kate shuddered, whimpering quietly as she fought to control her emotions. 

I was fighting to control my own. I was overcome with this frenzy of lust, and was anything but gentle as I hooked my thumbs under her panties and pulled them down exposing her pussy, glistening with her arousal. I couldn't wait any longer. 

I wrapped my arms around her thighs as my tongue quickly sought out her clit. I felt Kate's legs begin to twitch in the cutest way as I drew lazy circles over her button. She was rushing towards her orgasm, but with some effort she remained surprisingly composed. Time to up the ante.

With my mouth still massaging her clit, I teased my finger at her entrance. God she was so wet! Finally, I eased one, then two fingers inside her, hooking them up slightly to rub her g-spot. Kate moaned loudly at this. Loudly enough that Wang came out of his DJ trance to look in our direction. 

"Kate, you okay over there?" He questioned. This was getting good. She would have to respond, and I had no intentions of making it easy for her. I pulled my fingers from her wet opening and instead began to fuck her relentlessly with my tongue. Kate's eyes glazed over and her lips pressed together in a hard line, trying to keep from crying out in pleasure. 

"Kate?" Wang tried again. 

"I...I'm..." Kate stammered as I continued to massage her hot inner folds with my tongue. I could tell she was getting close. Really close. Not wanting to force her to cum with Wang staring at her, I eased up, licking lightly up her slit and across her inner thighs, giving her time to reply. 

She took a deep breath before answering back, "yeah, sorry, I'm fine. The strobes are getting to me tonight I guess. I'll just hunt down some Asprin when we're done here". 

"Okay gotcha. Hang in there, we will be off soon." And with that Wang turned his attention back to his turntables. 

I returned my mouth to her clit, sucking on it gently as I easily pushed two fingers deep into her drenched pussy. I alternated between lashing my tongue side to side on her clit and tapping insistently on her g-spot, a combination that never failed to make my gorgeous girl explode. 

I felt her knees shake uncontrollably as her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave, her pussy spasming deliciously under my tongue. I held her tighter as she came in a series of soft moans and shudders, and I hungrily lapped up the sweet fluid leaking from between her thighs. I loved making Kate come. I could have stayed there all night, but I had to make my getaway before Wang realized I was still down here. 

I gave her tight ass a light smack before returning her panties to their rightful place on her hips and pulling her skirt down. I waited for a loud bass line in Wang's mix before making my silent exit through the back door of the DJ booth to wait for Kate in the lounge. She came through the lounge door a few minutes later, her cheeks still flushed.

"Fuck Sammy! That was...incredible!" She said as she sat next to me on the couch.

"I'm glad you liked it. I was so turned on I could barely control myself. I totally thought Wang was going to catch us!" I decided the only thing hotter than hearing Kate scream during sex was hearing her try not to. 

"Meh, Wang is clueless. Still that was a close one! I may have to return the favor sometime, we can find out how good of a DJ you are under pressure!" Kate teased me, sliding into my lap and pressing her knee against my aching pussy.

"C'mon beautiful, let's get home before history repeats itself." I was seconds away from ripping off her clothes and having my way with her on the floor of the lounge. 

She got up off the couch, pulling me with her. "You know, I think you may have a sex addiction" she said over her shoulder as she made for the door.

"I'm only addicted to you baby!" I shot back playfully. 

But when she turned to look at me with those golden eyes again, I knew I really was.