 Part 4 -- Texas

Tanya visits the soon-to-be-ex in-laws in Texas 

*

"Kate? It's Tanya." 

"The woman I now knew to be my mother-in-law made no attempt to conceal or restrain her excitement when I identified myself.

"Well, for heaven's sake,Tanya, we were just talking about you. Are you done working now?" Kate asked.

"Parties are over, the project was certified and we just have to wait for approval to start the second episode. I have about a month before I have to be back." 

"Ken is out east with a buddy for a fly-in so throw some things in a bag and I'll make some flight arrangements. I'll call you back in a few. I can't wait to see you again." 

Two hours later, I had first class reservations on Southwest Air in first class, leaving at 10:06 A.M. I was both shocked at what those reservations had cost her and blown way that she would spend that much just to get me there the next day.

I immediately called Jeanine to let her know where I would be and she told me that I was spending the night at her place. I tried to talk her out of it but she told me that by doing that, she could take me to the airport at 7:00 so I wouldn't have to pay for long term parking. 

That was all well and good and much appreciated but she failed to tell me I wouldn't be the only guest. By the time I got there, the wine was poured, the canapés were beautifully displayed and the conversation lively. 

Oh, and did I tell you that Lisa, Gregory, Brodie and Peter were there as well? I thought not. Well, they were and Jeanine was on cloud nine and all over Brodie. 

I have to admit that we had a good time and it ended early because of my early flight. Well, that and Brodie getting Jeanine naked and otherwise occupied, followed by Lisa and Gregory disappearing. What else could I do but take Peter to bed as well for some much needed sleep somewhere around four A.M. 

I made my flight with time to spare, if ten minutes before last call is considered early. I think I was still awake when we took off but I had no idea if my bag was in the overhead or not. made it or not. The single suitcase probably did not but I could go two days without it. I woke up somewhere over Missouri, I think, had coffee and staggered off the plane next to last. 

Kate was so happy and bubbly she was disgusting but I tried to be as much so as possible and within an hour of landing, we were having steak Texas style. 

"I believe someone threw you a send off party," she said. 

"If only you knew," I said. "I was in orgasmic paradise until about three o'clock this morning so please no comments on the way I walk." 

"You cheated on Adam?" she squealed in mock horror. "Well, good for you." 

We got to their house, the shoes came off and our feet were on pillows on the coffee table. 

"So tell me," she said," about this party and the man that nearly crippled you." 

"It was at Jeanine's ,my managers, but I didn't know about it until I got there and his name was Peter. Peter, Peter,the pussy eater. Oh, and did I tell you he is eight, almost nine inches and a foot thick?" 

"Oh, you lucky woman, you. One of your co-stars I assume." 

"Yes, and there were two other similarly equipped studs there but they went down early. For all I know, they're still in bed. I know I would be if someone hadn't dragged my ass out of bed and pushed me onto that plane," 

"You're hilarious when you're hung over, "she said. 

"I'm not hung over," I corrected. "I hardly had a drink. I am desperately lacking sleep even though I slept almost the whole way. Oh, and thank you a million times over for the first class ticket. By the way, if they call looking for a passenger named Bad Breath Bart, or some such guy, I did not throw him out of the plane,. He's in the cargo bay a little tied up at the moment." 

She laughed so hard, I worried she hurt herself. "Oh you do need some sleep," she said. "Tell you what, I can give you two, maybe three hours tops. 

"I'm okay now, Kate," I said. "I just needed some mother-in-law love." 

"You can have all of that you can handle", she said. 

"Oh god, Kate, you must think I'm an over-sexed slut and that's not who I am. Really, it's not. Granted, the job requires a great deal of sex and I discovered I really enjoy it, depending on my support cast, but I do retain my dignity. "

"Honey, let me assure you I do not consider you to be a slut and anyone that treats you as one in this house will be persona non grata. I will warn you that we live in a very unusual life style that includes what many might consider liberal attitudes when it comes to sex. Ken and I swap with other couples once or twice a month and on occasion have spontaneous sex with our closest friends. I actually think I'm a bigger slut than you but around this house it's just normal Now, one thing I can tell you is that no one knows anything about your career choices or movie star status . Someone might recognize you but in this house, you are just the moist beautiful woman I've ever known."

"Thank you Kate," I said. "I just love your home. It's absolutely gorgeous."

"We have lots of room, including some secret places. We've made some rather unusual modifications including play zones and we can actually sleep a dozen extra adults so if you want to fly any of your friends down, just let me know. "

Can I get back to you on that?" I asked." 

"Any time," she said.

"So... tell me about this career path you're on," she said. 

"We were so broke and so far in debt, Kate, but it was our own fault . We never ever thought that our reserves and investments wouldn't last long enough to make other arrangements but when the economy tanked, so did we. I heard about a new film studio looking for local talent and to make a long story short, I auditioned and the next thing I knew, I was naked on camera. " 

"I guess they liked what they saw," she said. 

"It's a long story, Kate, but yes, they did.I originally intended to just do masturbation and straight sex and just enough to get us back on the straight and narrow, but an opportunity arose to shoot a rather long clip that included some light bondage and abusive sex. I won't go through everything that transpired but I made some serious money that first week and learned a great deal about myself. I am so much more sexual than I thought and much more tolerant to what some would call kinky sex, oh and I am multi-orgasmic, quick to recover and orgasm almost on command."

"No wonder you're the star, although I imagine there are times when you have to deny an orgasm so how do you deal with that?" she wondered. 

"I'm able to focus my mind on an unpleasant experience or activity. Just before I came down here, I used Adam a lot to control them."

"Lord, I wish I had that ability at times but I'd hate to miss out on one or more"

I'd forgotten just how lovely their home is, setting a ways back from the front of a tree lined lot, surrounded entirely by eight foot privacy fences. The pool is a modified kidney shape, surrounded by a tiled deck with several tables and what she called chair pods, each one holding two chaise, six chairs, and an umbrella. The original garage has been made into a changing cabana with two showers on the side of the building. On the wall of the building he has made large cabinets holding towels, lotions, baby oil, and misc. ointments. It's like heaven with a pool.

With my bags in the guest room, I slipped into bikini bottoms, her suggestion, and we went out to sit topless by the pool, where I alternately dozed .and sipped on what she called a Texas Tornado,

"Tell me what happened between you and Adam," she said, bringing me back to reality. 

"Obviously, I don't know as much as I thought I did," I said. "We went through some hard times and I used sex to pacify him, or so I thought. I'd come home at night and tell him graphically what had happened that day, and sometimes I exaggerated to get him fired up. He never had to worry about the job interfering with our sex lives. He was a bit down because he couldn't find a job but Kate, I was always supportive of his efforts and that's something he could not say." 

I had to pause as the memories of those days came back to me. She reached for y hand and held it tightly as I cried. I'd done what had to be done and kept us out of bankruptcy, all the while being totally disrespected and lied to. 

"He wouldn't even kiss me or tell me he loved me, not even when I was hurting." I said. 

"I can't be sure," she said, "but I got the feeling he was with someone even then," 

"I never saw that," I said, "and he never had a reason to cheat." 

"So tell me about this place" she said. 

"They're new," I said, "at least this division is. The CEO is a woman that decided she wanted to make quality adult films with a plot and real emotions. We are never allowed to fake an orgasm, for instance, and the guys have to come too. We use what we call a Freedom script most of the time. We can vary from the script as long as it makes it more real. We're the only ones that do it. I love it." 

"So everything we see on the screen is real?" 

"Absolutely and no exceptions," I replied. I recently did a scene where six women attacked me with dildoes,fingers, teeth and vibes and it lasted over twenty minutes with no let up I had so many orgasms I couldn't move afterwards. The PA's had to bring me cold cloths and water and even then they had to help me get to the showers." 

"Good lord, Tanya, how can you stand it?" 

"I've had two intense scenes like that," I said. 'I guess that's one of the reasons I play the female lead in the series. " 

"I am impressed," she said. "We have a movie star in the family." 

"Yeah, well you won't see my name on any of the screen credits because nobody uses their real names."

"So what is your screen name?" she asked. 

"Don't laugh now," I said, as I almost broke out in laughter myself. "It's Trulie Best." 

"Really' she asked. 

"The studio chose it for me," I said. 

'I wish we could see what you've done so far," she said. 

"It hasn't been released yet," I replied, lying through my teeth. 

"I can't wait," she said. 

"I'm not sure I'd want to watch it," I said, "at least not with you and Ken." 

"That makes no sense," she said. 

"How can I explain it? There are things you don't want to share with the ones you love." 

"It's too personal," she said. 

"Exactly." I said. "Would you want you want someone you care about watch while some guy with an nine inch cock fucks you silly?" 

"Can I get back to you on that?" she asked 

"You really would? Kate, there are some scenes that are very intense and there are a lot of really tight close-ups. My own mother hasn't seen me like that." 

"Do they hide your identity?" she wondered. 

"They can change my hair and eye color in edit, " I replied, "and I use fake tattoos and temporary fake piercings at times but I have two scars that make up doesn't really cover," 

"You say there are a lot of really tight close-ups," she said,' are they really that close?" 

"Let me put it this way," I replied, "I either have to wax every week or two or shave every single day." 

''So your completely bald down there? " 

"Bald as a baby's bottom," I said. 

"I've often thought about it,' she said, 'but I guess I just l.ack the courage. I keep it trimmed and do the bikini thing but that's about it." 

'If you want to try it, I'll help and I have some fabulous cream that takes away the itch when it grows back," I said. "Why don't you try it once and if you like it, have a Braziian wax but make sure she knows what she's doing and takes her time because it burns like hell if they don't." 

""I wonder," she said, a smile creeping over her face 

"Bald, baby it's the way to go." 

"I wonder what Ken would think" 

"Don't tell him you did it, just let him feel for himself, especially on his tongue. You might plan on spending a lot of time in bed though." 

"You're terrible," she said, "but I like it. Let's do it before they get home." 

"I'll get my kit. Where do you want to do it?" 

"We can do it anywhere. Where is it easiest for you?" 

"The firmer the surface you're laying on the better. Less chance of a scrape or nick." 

"Oh, I have the perfect place, honey," she said, as she took my hand tolead me into the house. "Get your things and I'll meet you downstairs," she said. 

I found her, stripped naked, lying on the bar. "Be gentle with me," she said "I'm a virgin at this." 

For no special reason, I hummed a nondescript tune as I worked. 

"Is there a reason you hum as you work?" she asked. 

I chuckled as I ran the damp cloth over her. "I didn't realize I wasdoing it. Connie, the girl in makeup does it. I have no idea what it is." 

"It's a nice tune," she said. 

"We'll never see that bar in the same way," she said, about twenty minutes later, as she ran her fingers over the smooth surface of her now totally bare vulva. "I like it though. Now we'll have to see what Ken thinks." 

"You'll want to keep that cream on hand," I told her as I helped her to the floor. "and be sure to use the women's razor. Maybe Ken could do it for you." 

"I'm not sure I trust him with that chore." 

She took the basin and the rest of it into the bathroom,and then stood in the tub, washing herself from the waist down. As she toweled dry,she smiled at me. "It feels strange down there," she said. 

"I don't feel clean if I don't stay bald," I said. . 

She came over to stand in front of me and I was shocked when she started unbuttoning my shirt.. "What are you doing, Kate?" I asked 

"I'm stripping my daughter-in-law so we can jump in that pool out there," 

"Nude?" 

"Of course, darling, why do you think we have those eight foot high fences?"

An hour later, we were laying out on awesome lounges, letting the sun warm our bones. 

"Can I ask you some questions about your job, Tanya?" 

Of course," I replied. 

This is a bit awkward," she said, "but tell me again about the audition you mentioned." 

"Is that how you get your jollies, Kate?" 

"I don't mean all the nitty gritty, but were you shocked or embarrassed by any of it?" 

"Only by the size of the cocks," I said. "Oh and the number of people watching." 

"Who were they?" 

" Directors, producers, management, and even a woman that made sure I was okay with it." 

"And were you?" 

"Oh hell no. When they were done I went to the ladies room and cried my eyes out." 

"From what,?" she asked. 

"I think it finally got to me what I'd just done. Call it guilt or whatever. I think it was a combination olf everything. The woman I told you about came in to make sure I was alright and she even gave me a hug." 

"So then you had to do a screen test?" 

"Not right away ," I said. "They were actually looking for younger women but they liked my attitude and personality." 

"And your body, obviously." 

"It's nothing like you'd expect," I said, "but in a way, I got lucky/" 

"How so?" she asked. 

"Our studio is small and new, so we can do things differently. We only hire Amateurs, no exceptions other than the staff. No prima donnas or princes. 

"That's nice," she said, "but can they produce a quality product?" 

"Absolutely," I said. "Oh, and did I tell you the boss is absolutely drop dead gorgeous with legs that go on forever and a tight ass. I think she might be Swedish, but I'm not sure. " 

She stretched her legs as far as they would go. "I wish I had long legs and a tight ass," she said. 

"Well, you have the ass, and your legs may not be long but they are absolutely beautiful." 

"You don't have to con the old lady," she said, chuckling as she studied them. 

"Kate, I don't do that," I said. "I've been admiring those legs for the past twenty minutes and wondering if you might share your secret." 

Twisting them back and forth, she studied them. "I'm a leg woman, Tanya and I don't see it." 

"That's because we never see our bodies the way others do. We're very critical and just won't accept the fact that we're beautiful just the way we are." r

"Says the girl with legs that scream sex." 

I laughed at her description. "See, that's what I mean. I'm a porn actress and that's what you see when you look at me." 

"No honey, that's not true. I see a beautiful woman I'm proud to call my daughter-in-law. 

"Soon to be ex," I said. 

"Not as far as I'm concerned," she said. 

"That means a lot to me," I told her. 

"You said something about it not being what it seems," she said. 

"Well, to start with you shoot a movie in scenes. Sometimes it seems someone screwed up because the scenes you shoot back to back might be thirty or four minutes apart in the film. When you shoot a scene, there are so many people standing around watching, or holding a camera or a microphone, It's like fucking on stage." 

"Been there, done that," she said; "Twice." 

"Wait, what? you had sex on stage?" 

She just nodded and I noticed she studied my reaction, 

"Whoa, I never saw that coming." 

"Neither did I?" she said, "at least not the first time." 

"Oh you absolutely have to tell me the back story on that one." 

"I shouldn't have told you," she said. 

"But you did," I reminded her. You can't leave me hanging now." 

She glanced down at her watch. "I'm not sure we have time right now," she said, "but I can tell you some of it. To start with, it was a surprise birthday present." 

"For who?" "For me," she said. "I told Ken and a few others about a fantasy I had and they made it come true for my birthday." 

"Okay, let me see if I have this right.. Your fantasy was to have sex on stage?" 

"No, not at all. My fantasy was to be with another woman." 

"On stage." 

"No," she said. "That was..."oh damn, why can't I keep my mouth shut?" 

She was saved by a call from Ken. 

"Yes, she's here," she said. "You're such a goof. I hope the old witch of Drewbury doesn't call the FAA again. You did? Well, then let her call. Oh darling that's perfect. By the way, we're both naked so don't wreck the damned plane. We'll meet you there. Love you darling. 

Well," she said, "This will be an experience you've never had, They got back early and we're about to be buzzed by a two plane fly-by. The first plane is a brand new Honda twin jet and Ken will be behind him in our twin engine Piper. ' About ten minutes later, a blue and white beauty whistled by, more like a whoosh, made a left turn and headed for the airport. A few minutes later white and dark blue bird flew over, wagging its wings in salute. They were both birds of beauty. 

"And now", she said, "we better get dressed because we're meeting the boys for dinner." 

And that was the end of the conversation about fantasies. 

The restaurant Ken chose was a little on the fancy side for me but it was their money so I enjoyed the ambiance and the music as well as the food. I had taken the precaution of asking Kate to avoid talking about adult films and porn stars. She'd gone me one better, telling Ken the same thing. The trouble is, no one said anything to his friend Roger, who had already learned of my profession. 

I had no choice but to deal with it myself. 

"Do you get much in the way of insulting or derogatory comments?" he asked. 

I calmly put down the sharp steak knife I'd been holding and I'm sure I glared at him. 

"Roger," I said, "I talk about the adult film industry at least 350 daysa year, and I'm not ashamed to do so, in fact, I'm rather proud of what I've accomplished in such a short time, but if I hear one more question or comment about it tonight, I'm going to hurl like a an airsick drunk." 

"Better listen to her," Kate said. "She's working on about four hours sleep after a non-stop orgasmic marathon." 
