 When the men walked in from the garage Kate was waiting for him at the door, taking him in her arms to kiss him passionately.

"I hope Tony gets well soon," she said. "That flight gets on my nerves."

"It's not bad, Kate," he said. "and we have the perfect bird for it. They'll be lengthening 2-3 right next month to eight thousand."

"Thank god," she said.

"Are you driving home now," I asked Roger.

"No," he replied. "She doesn't want me driving that far after a night flight. I'll crash in the back guest room."

After a drink to celebrate a successful flight, everyone went to bed but I smiled later when I heard the very obvious sounds of love making and it sounded like more than two people were participating.

"I hope we didn't keep you awake last night," she said, when I got coffee in the morning.

"After the first hour or so l managed to doze off," I said. "I guess I just have to get used to this life style, Whatever you call it."

"Why is it necessary to put a label on it?" she asked

I shrugged and stared into my cup.

"I should have discussed this with you the first day," she said. "I guess I just made some assumptions I had no right to make and for that, I sincerely apologize. I'm better than that and you deserve a lot more respect than I showed you."

"You don't have to explain or apologize, Kate" I said."This is your home, not mine. I don't expect you to change just because I'm here for a few days."

"It has nothing to do with changing," she said. You are here at our invitation and it's common courtesy to consider your guest when making plans."

"You are anything but common, Kate," I said. "and if it bothered me, I'd tell you. I have to admit that I'm surprised at how casually you take a man to our bed but it's probably because I wouldn't expect that of a married woman, especially one that has been married as long as you have."

"A long time ago," she said, "some friends had us over to their home for our first swap party. We knew what happened there and at first, we declined but they talked us into it. When we went home the next day, we traded stories about the experience, tore each other's clothes off and quite frankly, fucked each other silly. We're still happily married, every one of us, to the same people, and we still have the parties. What happened last night is highly unusual, but Margo knew about it and approved."

"That's awesome, Kate and I didn't mean to say that I didn't approve of it. First of all, I have no right to approve or disapprove. I imagine there are some in your group that would disapprove of what I do. I have sex with a variety of men and women for a living.

My contract specifically says what I wiIl do and what won't do and I do have some input as to who I have sex with. Those guidelines can be and frequently are stretched.however. The studio is very good about protecting my rights but in the emotions of the moment, especially in a Freedom script, mistakes are made and the scene goes on."

We hadn't managed to get much past the part of the first film where Lisa pushes that big purple strap-on into my ass before Ken came like old faithful. We paused the film at that point so he could clean himself up as well as the area around the chair he'd been sitting in and by the time he came back, Kate and I were in the process of fingering each other through orgasms so powerful, we collapsed onto the bed.

"Good god, that was amazing," she said.

"I really needed that. We waited too long, and I really messed up with Ken. He wanted me so badly," I said.

"We're just getting started, baby and we've got all day."

"I don't think we even need the rest of that movie now," I said.

"Not hardly," she said, "but I think my hubby needs a jump start." Looking over at him, she invited him to join us on the bed.

She put him on his back and we both went down on him. We took turns sucking on his cock and balls and kissing him. To his credit, it didn't take long to get him hard again.

She whispered to me and I nodded. She got on her back and I started sucking and nipping at her thighs with my ass in the air. He got behind me and started licking and fingering my anus and the air was soon filled with my soft moans.

A few minutes later, I felt the head of his fine cock at the entrance to my back door so I arched my back to make entry easier for both of us.

He was gentle but persistent as he entered me and I think he remembered that it was my first actual anal. It hurt and I cried out when he forced it into me but then he went deep and slow. I was loving it and eventually, he increased both the speed of his strokes and his forcefulness.

The harder he fucked me, the harder I chewed on Kate's clit, She was fucking my face with hard thrusts of her hips and when she got close, I felt her body tighten so I added a finger to her anus and she flipped out. Her legs shot straight out and her hands were about to rip up the bedding and when she came, she washed my face with her come.

Hearing her cries announcing her orgasm drove Ken nearly insane and he pounded into me unmercifully. When he came, he almost drove me over Kate's body but I braced myself and continued to eat her toward another orgasm even as my anus ached from his efforts.

I fought to keep him hard but lost the battle and he pulled out as his come seeped down my thighs. When Kate's body shuddered and shook in another hard orgasm, she made me stop, but I knew that we weren't done with each other yet, none of us.

Ken was done for a while though so I moved over him, kissed him and reminded him that he actually got my anal cherry because dildos don't count and he was the first man to come in my ass. He kissed me back.

"Thank you for that, honey," he said. "I wasn't sure you'd let me."

I kissed him again. "You did good," I told him

He left then to clean himself up and Kate rolled over next to me. "Thank you, Tanya," she said. "That was good for his ego. I'm sorry it hurt though."

"I expected it, Kate." I said, "did it hurt your first time?"

"Can I get back to you on that?" she asked.

"You haven't?" I cried in disbelief?"

"No baby," she said. ""Others have tried," she said, "but no one gets my ass before Ken and he hasn't tried but I understand."

"He will now," I said.

"I was wondering" she said, "would it be possible for you to leave that video with us"

"I had an extra copy made," I said, "at least I know that my video's serve their purpose well."

I went to clean up and get some cool water on my ass and when we returned, she suggested some wine, so we went to sit at the bar. Kate laughingly asked if it hurt to sit but I told her it was just warm enough to be a beautiful memory.

"Ken," I said, "I'd appreciate it if you don't exercise your bragging rights, at least not for a month or two. I don't normally have sex with men that know I work in the porn industry. They seem to think that makes me an easy lay and I'm anything but."

"No problem," he said. "I guess most men would assume that. It's wrong but it's the nature of the beast."

"I promise though that women don't look at the men in porn that way."Kate said.

"You're probably right," I said.

The whole time we were talking, I was playing with Ken's cock and Kate was sucking on my nipples, which kept me on the verge of begging her to let me come, like being on the edge of a sharp knife without breaking the skin. The phone rang and Kate excused herself so Ken took over for her but he was much more aggressive, working my nipples like a high powered vacuum and I could feel the beginning of a grand orgasm.

"Oh fuck Ken," I said, "I need to come."

All of a sudden, he wrapped his long arms around my waist to whip my hips up so that my legs were spread wide and raised over my chest.

He then proceeded to eat me, burying his face in my pussy and whipping it back and forth like a puppy with a chew toy.

"Oh my fucking god," I screamed but he was relentless. He sucked, he chewed , he tongue fucked me, and the whole time I was alternately groaning , cursing, and coming again and again.

When he finally lowered me to the bed, I was a lifeless rag doll, barely able to breathe and even though my eyes were wide open, I saw nothing but colors.

He sat next to me, also out of breath, wiping his face on some tissues.

Kate came to sit next to me, tenderly caressing us both.

"I think you both need a break," she said. "I know I do."

Still wiped out from Ken's surprisingly aggressive oral attack, I could do little more than agree so they moved to lie on either side of me and I closed my eyes even as she continued to caress me.

"A lot of good it did to get cleaned up, Ken," I said when the power of speech returned.

Too wiped out to continue, we lay quietly, saying little.

"I could lay here all day like this," I finally said, "Just the three of us, naked and free."

"There's no reason we can't," she said, "if that's what you really want,"

"Unfortunately," Ken said, "you'll have to do it without me for a while. I've got to go make some money."

"We'll save your spot Ken," I said.

We got some more wine and went out by the pool.

"That worked out well," she said. "I was going to tell you we needed to talk anyway."

"I love it when a plan comes together," I said." what's up?"

"Well, a couple of things, really," she said, "and I'm not too sure how you're going to feel about them." 

"Just from the way you're talking, I don't have much hope for it," I said.

"Well," she said, "I'm afraid my attempt to keep your visit and your profession a secret wasn't all that successful because Margo called to let me know that at least two of the women in the swap group found out." "I guess I more or less expected it but I do appreciate your concern." "She was all in a panic, wanting to assure me it was nothing she did."

"Would it help if I spoke to her?" I asked.

"I'd appreciate it if you at least tried," she said. "She's a good friend and I hate to see her feeling like she did something wrong."

She dialed the number and handed me the phone and I spoke to Margo for about ten minutes or so, and in the end, I put her on hold and turned to Kate.

"I so hate to do this," I said, "but do you suppose we should put our play time on hold and have her over for coffee or whatever?"

She kissed me and nodded so I invited her over.

"So much for our day in the nude," I said.

"That's up to you," she said. "She's certainly been naked with me often enough."

"I think I'll go shower," I said. "Ken did a number on me."

"That's an awfully big shower," she said, smiling.

"I was told that sharing was caring,"

"I care, do you?"

Twenty minutes later, we were making up the bed with clean sheets when the doorbell rang.

"Well," I heard, "it would appear you two are comfortable together."

Kate laughed. "You know me, Margo, I love being nude, and I do so love to share."

Introductions were made and we went to the theatre room, where the bed was left down.

"Do you mind if I share too?" she asked.

"Not at all," I replied, and watched as she stripped. God, she had a body for a woman probably forty or more. Her long nipples pointed up like miniature towers on about 38D breasts, and her ass was so inviting.

"Before you ask," she said, as she bent to slide her panties down, "I work out like a madman. I have to keep up with Roger and you younger women."

I grinned and assured her she needn't worry about younger women. "God." I said, fondling her ass, "I am so envious. I'm just glad you don't live by me. I might lose my leading lady status."

"I'm sure you have more than your hot body going for you," she said.

We went to the bar where Kate poured some white wine.

"I'd be interested in how you wound up in porn." she said.

So I gave her the abbreviated version of my entry into the film business. "I was extremely lucky though, to get a starring roll since I'm actually considered to be a milf, otherwise known as mothers I'd love to fuck. The younger generation dominates the film industry and I just happened to be in the right place at the right time, and with a fantastic production company. We just signed what may turn out to be at least a two year contract."

"Wonderful," she said

"She also is a great talent," Kate said, "although we've only watched a brief sample of it."

"Lucky you," she said. "So it doesn't bother you that Kate is your mother-in-law?"

"Step," Kate was quick to point out.

"It wouldn't bother me either way." I said. "Ken and I had a beautiful morning this morning before he tried to kill me."

"That, I'd love to have seen," she said.

"We didn't film it," I said, "and before you experience it, you might want to focus your workout on your back muscles. Kate is anxious to try it though."

"Oh my god, Margo, I've never seen Ken so energized. He ate her through so many orgasms I thought she'd passed out."

"I'm so wet now," she said, "just thinking about it."

"I'm still tingling just from talking about it," I said.

"So I wanted to tell you straight out, and to your face, that I never revealed your identity or profession to anyone," she said, "Kate knows I keep secrets well."

"Margo, I knew it wasn't you but I have no idea how anyone else found out." 

"I do," she said. "Misty and Ron are really big on porn and she subscribes to Porn Fan magazine. You obviously haven't seen the latest issue, Tanya. You're on the front cover and the feature article is all about Trulie Best, rising star of Belweather studios."

"Leave it to Ricci to make me famous when I'm trying to be incognito," I said.

"Kate," she squealed, "I just noticed you shaved. "

"Blame it on the tourist," she said.

"No, baby, I absolutely love it." she said, reaching out to rub her fingers over Kate's mound and slip her fingers into her wet slit. "Oh god, Margo," she groaned.

Margo turned and pulled her close to give her fingers better access as they moved deeper and became more aggressive.

"Oh my god, honey," Kate gasped, thrusting her hips into the fingers glistening with her juices. "Hold me baby, I'm coming, oh my god I'm coming " With a loud cry, her body began to shudder in spasms as Margo slowed her fingers without completely stopping until Kate slowly exhaled and lay back with her eyes closed.

Margo laid back and smiled over at me. "We sort of take each other for granted," she said, "I hope I didn't interfere with your play time."

"We were in recovery mode," I said, "and I appreciate more than you know that you didn't assume anything. Besides, I'm still in shock and not sure all the pieces are still there."

"I'm sure we can verify that for you," she said, as I lay next to Kate. "That is, if you wanted us to."

I smiled, and accepting her intentions, spread my legs wide. She moved between my legs and kissed me there, tenderly, slowly stroking her tongue the length of my slit, paying particular attention to my clit. "Everything's there," she announced, "and quite tasty, I might add."

"It's hard to tell though with such a small sampling," I said, leaving my legs spread wide.

With Kate's pussy over my face and head, Margo ate me through two orgasms and I got my face thoroughly washed twice before we dropped back onto the bed.

"I think I can honestly testify that everything is there and working fine," she said,

"You might want to re-think your decision to let Ken do that to you," I said, later, "It's an awesome experience, but it's a bitch on your back because you're trying to get away from him the whole time. God, though I loved it." They both laughed. 

"I think I could handle it," Margo stated, "and come to think of it I think he owes me one or six."

Kate giggled. "You're just jealous because I get all the night flights."

"I need to spend some nights with you," she said.

"Now that sounds like a plan."

"Tanya," Margo said, "how much longer will you be here?"

"I'm not sure and I have to call in tomorrow to find out."

"Kate, go disable the phone," she said.

I laughed and reminded her that I used a smart phone.

It was at about that time that we heard the garage door open and a few seconds later, the voices of Ken and Roger as they came into the house There was a third voice, however, and I looked over at Kate but could tell by her smile she'd been expecting someone. I gave her a warning scowl but then I recognized that voice. It took me a few seconds to put a name with it, but that was not surprising because our times together hadn't involved much conversation.

I jumped up and ran to wait by the stairs with a smile on my face, completely forgetting that it was all was wearing. He'd already seen me naked, of course and at that point I didn't care, anyway.

"Did you miss me?" I cried, throwing my arms around his neck and dragging him to the floor.

Gregory smiled and tried to get away from me and my kisses.

"I was just hired to deliver a package to a crazy naked woman," he said, "because everyone else was afraid of her insane sex attacks."

"You came to the wrong place if she frightens you," Kate said. "Did you bring just the one package?"

"You must be Kate," he said. "That's all I was allowed to bring but I have a message for you."

"Then let's get you settled in and we can talk," she said, as she led him up to one of the other guest rooms. At the bottom of the stairs, she turned to warn me off. "He's not yours just yet."

"0kay Ken, out with it," I said. "What's the deal?"

He laughed and held up his hands to ward of any attack I had ready for him. "I'm just the poor schmuck married to the instigator and following orders."

"That's true," Roger added. "She didn't give us any details, just be at the airport and hold up the sign."

He went over to take Margo in his arms. "Nice outfits you're wearing."

"I knew you'd approve," she said.

"You must be Roger," I said. "Either that or it's going to get crowded in here."

He laughed and reached out to take my proffered hand. "It wouldn't be the first time, for sure," he said, "but this room was designed for large groups."

"So tell me, Ken, why haven't I ever had what you did to poor Tanya?" Margoabout asked.

"I just saw it in a soft porn flick the other day," he said. "Then she told me to make her come and something snapped. I guess I thought I was about twenty or something."

"You did great, lover," I said. "Are you all right?" 

"Never better," he said. "That's great therapy and you taste so damned good."

We heard Kate's bright laughter and Gregory's deep voice as they came down the stairs and I guess it should have come as no surprise that they were both naked, his nine inches swinging free and tempting.

Margo looked over to me and I leaned into her to whisper "nine by nine 

"Oh my god," she said.

"He has a hearing problem," Kate explained, "so we had to use sign language."

"That is so lame," I said. "Margo, I believe retaliation is called for."

"Yeah, but we have to make it something befitting of the crime," she said.

"I was just following orders," Gregory said, as he passed me the thick envelope.

"Do I need to open this right away?" I asked.

"Not really," he said, as he bent to kiss me. Margo slid over to make room and he dropped down next to me, "but I'd do it today. You have personal mail coming too."

Margo introduced herself and got a kiss or two for her effort. "You can touch," I told her, "he doesn't bite, well not at first, anyway."

She reached out to take him in her hands. "Oh, I like this," she said. "and he's not even hard, at least not yet."

"So what's the story, Greg," I asked.

"I have no Idea," he said. "I just follow orders and collect my rewards."

I hadn't noticed Ken and Kate whispering to each other off to one side and then she got up and went over to work her magic on the wall and a few seconds later, a second bed slowly lowered itself to the floor. Kate pulled the bedding and pillows from the side opening and quickly made it up before returning to pull Ken to the bed we were on.
