 Tanya shows she's more than a gifted actress when Lisa reaches a breaking point.

*

With my first lesbian scene ever behind me, I took some time to learn more about my co-star. "So how long have you been a bi-sexual?" I asked Ginger as we sat together after my first lesbian scene. 

"Ever since I found I could almost double my income," she said. 

I laughed at her but she seemed to be serious. "I was one of the first hires here but there wasn't any work for several months. I did some clips and some anal but it wasn't enough to pay the bills. I saw that Starlight was filming a lesbian series so I asked for an audition. I'd never been with a woman so I watched lesbian porn. Lots of it in fact, but when I auditioned, they sent me to a lesbian coach who taught me a whole new side of lesbian porn. That was a turning point. I didn't accept it overnight, and in fact, I hated it at first because I felt like it was forced on me in a way by the situation. The coach was patient and so helpful and now I love it."

"So who was your lesbian coach?" 

"Delaney Sanders. You'll meet her in a few minutes. Sweet as a honey crisp but a lot more juicy and a great coach." 

"Two minutes every one," Wanda called. "Room 2." 

We walked into the room to polite applause from everyone there. "Okay, let's settle down," Jeanine called. "Find a chair so we can talk about that scene." 

I grabbed a chair between Lisa and Ginger and took Lisa's hand. She offered a weak smile and leaned into me to whisper. "I need to talk to you." 

"Are you all right?" 

She shook her head and turned her head away to hide the tears I knew she was fighting. 

I squeezed her hand and leaned against her. "Right after the meeting." 

"Okay, so I'm sure we all know that we didn't hold to the script or anywhere near it but congratulations," Jeanine began. "That's the new way of making adult films. That's the Bellweather Studios way. Now, it will change some, but you've all heard time after time. "It has to be real." It doesn't get much more real than that. Trust me, this studio is very real. We do things differently than anyone else. 

Now let's get down to the specifics. I am so proud to see that no one used the prompters at all. If you blew a line, and you blew a lot of them, you kept going and your instincts were dead on. You just made two beautiful, very emotional, very real and smoking hot scenes. Ladies, we'll talk to you individually later. Cameras and sound, you were fantastic staying with the emotions and getting the tight shots that sell movies. It was just a fantastic job everyone and you absolutely justified our way of doing things. Now, if you'll excuse us, we need to go change our panties." 

I told Ginger to cover for us and we went to the vacant room next door. 

I blocked the doors and we sat on boxes with only a little bit of light making it through the top of the doors.

I took her in my arms and as we pressed our bodies together, the dam broke and all the emotions she'd been holding in check were released in the form of tears and deep sobs that wracked her body until they eased and the hic ups started. I talked her down and kissed her face before she wiped the tears away with her hands. 

"Talk to me." 

"Oh god, Tanya, it was terrible. I tried so hard to get through it in spite of my emotional issues. You know, the parents and the church and all, and I did pretty good, but the guilt had me crying inside most of the time."

"Calm down, babe," I said, stroking her back and arms and kissing her face."I'll talk to Jeanine and see if there's anything we can do. You go take a shower and I'll go find Jeanine." 

I threw a robe on and went in search of Jeanine. If I couldn't pull this off, Lisa would lose her contract and I'd lose a friend. 

I found her, still in the break area, along with Georgia and Delaney. 

"I need your help," I said. "Well, actually Lisa does." 

"We were just talking about her," Jeanine said. 

"Is there something we can do to help her overcome that guilt problem?" I asked.

They exchanged worried looks before Jeanine replied. "I'm not sure," she said. "Delaney has expressed some doubts." 

"I've seen this before," Delaney said, "and to tell the truth, it's really hard to overcome." 

"Can I offer an opinion and maybe a suggestion? 

"Of course you can," Jeanine said, "and just so you know, we don't want to lose her. She's cute as a button, sharp as a tack and what a body." 

"I think part of the problem," I said "is that she learned basically at the last minute that she was doing a lesbian scene and she simply didn't have time to reconcile her issues ahead of it. I think with some time, patience and some one on one, she'll be able to accept it."

"Let me put it to you bluntly," Delany said. "Time is something we are short on. We're under a deadline and in fact, you're getting another screenplay today. If you want to see if you can help her, be my guest because we really need her in the project." 

I found her, still sitting where I left her, with her head down and facing away from the door. 

I sat next to her and leaned into her, determined to save her career. "Can I have this dance?" 

"I'm sorry, hon, but I think the music died." 

"It hasn't died, Lisa, it's just been muted and I think we can still hear it but we need to fix something first." 

She turned to me, tears streaming down pale cheeks. "I'm so messed up, Tanya" 

"Do you have a problem being naked next to me?" 

She shook her head and pressed her body into mine. 

"Can I try something?" 

She nodded so I turned her toward me and took her hands in mine as I leaned in to surround her nipple with my mouth. I sucked on it, bringing it to a peak before leaning further to do the same to the other one. She put her hand to my head and held me against her as she whimpered. 

I stood then and lifted her to stand in front of me. "Can you do the same to me?" 

She leaned into me to suckle me, rather tentatively at first, but then with greater enthusiasm, 

"I pulled her toward the door and down the hall, toward the studio we had just left. 

"Do you trust me?" 

"Of course, but..." 

About halfway there, I noticed Delany in a doorway, pointing to a camera with a questioning look on her face. I nodded and kept walking. We got to the set and I took her over to stand by the bed. 

"If you trust me, and are sure I will always be by your side, lie down on the bed with me." 

She got onto the bed and slid to the middle. I let the robe drop to lay next to her and for a while I just tenderly stroked her hair and face, and kissed her soft lips. "Take some deep breaths," I whispered, "and let them out as slowly as you can." 

After about a dozen of those, I felt her heartbeat slow and moved my kisses to her neck and chest as she mewled softly. 

"Now, close your eyes, Lisa and let your body relax" I told her while motioning to Delaney to start filming. 

I have to hand it to those girls on camera. They were fantastic. They came in tight without her having any sense of their presence. Since they use ear buds, we never hear the director but they do. I couldn't wait to view the clip.

"I'm going to start making love to you now" I said, "but I'm going real slow." 

I went back to sucking on her nipples as my fingers wandered downward I felt her tense as I neared her mound so I paused, just running my fingers in wide circles on her stomach. 

"Deep breaths," I reminded her. "Keep your eyes closed and relax." 

I once again allowed my hand to wander and now I moved to her thighs and my mouth moved to her vulva, where I kissed and licked over her lips, puffy with desire. Her hands flew to my head when my tongue slipped through them but this time I didn't pause, and in fact became more aggressive and she gasped and groaned with deep satisfaction. She no longer showed any signs of resistance so I slipped two fingers into her very moist slit and slowly fucked her as I kissed and sucked at her clit and lips. I savored her taste and let it show in my groans as I got quite aggressive until I started taking little nips at her clit and fucked her harder. She began to writhe under my attack and her legs and body stiffened just before she cried out and reached for me as a torturous orgasm hit and hit hard. In fact, her leg muscles twitched so hard against my head I had to slip back from her pussy for a minute. I held her and whispered to her as she moved into afterglow, licking at her sweet juices. 

"Are you okay so far," I asked. 

"Uh hmm," she replied, still breathing fast. 

I moved up to lie next to her. "That wasn't so bad was it?" 

"Oh my god no, it was wonderful, but." 

"Hold that but, I said. "No more buts. Did you feel like someone from the church was watching you?" 

"A little," she said. 

"Did you feel like that when you made love with Charlie before you were married? " 

"Of course, but..." 

"There's that but word again," I said. "You and Charlie made love a lot before you were married, didn't you?" 

"She giggled and nodded. 

"So the problem is all about playing a lesbian roll then." 

"I suppose," she said. "I keep remembering verses from the bible." 

"'I'd like to try something if you don't mind," I said. 

Okay," she said. 

"We're going to make love to each other and I'll see if I can chase the worries away." 

"Okay" 

I motioned to Delaney to back away and told Lisa to lie on her side in a 69 with me. Then we raised our legs to put our faces against each other's pussies. I started licking her but she hesitated so I slipped a finger into her. She gasped and kissed my lips and slid her tongue into me as she opened me up. Whenever she hesitated and her body stiffened, I would ram my finger deep into her or suck hard on her clit. At one point, I felt that I was losing control of the situation so I spread her open and pushed my face against her and started humming. No song in particular, because I was just distracting her from allowing her upbringing to interfere with her life. Every time I felt her hesitate, I started humming again and when she relaxed, I went back to sucking on her clit. 

She started to get close and I attacked her clit with vigor. As she came, she whipped her pussy into my face while I held her against me. We whimpered, and groaned and cried our way through our orgasms but neither of us slowed our attacks and before long, she cried out and I was close behind. 

I rolled away but turned to face her as we shared passionate kisses and fingered each other. 

"Oh my god," she cried, "I'm coming again." 

I held her tight until she stopped shaking and snuggled into me. I kissed her deeply and lovingly as I whispered to her that the ghosts were gone. 

"Thank you," she finally said, as I wiped her tears away. "but I still don't know that I can do it on camera." 

"You just did," I said. 

She whipped her head around to see a camera very close to her. 

"OMG," she cried, "have they been there the whole time?" 

"It was all live," I said. "You got past those negative feelings and I'm pretty sure Delaney will keep you in the cast. Now let's shower and get some lunch. I'm starved." 

"Thank you for that," she said 

"Lisa, I only did it because I want you in anything I do. You have great talent, Lisa, not to mention a fantastic body a great attitude and a tight pussy." 

"You're insane," she said. 

"Not really," I said, "but I guess I have to accept that I'm bi-sexual now and that's going to cause some problems when my husband finds out." 

"Don't tell him," she said. 

"I have to sweetie, because of a promise I made," I explained.

"'He'll probably want to watch." she said. "Tanya, can I ask you for a favor?" 

"Of course, sweetie." 

"If he asks to watch, would you make love to me" 

"I'm never sure what he'll do," I said, "but I don't need a reason to make love to you Lisa. I'd be thrilled to lie with you and make love to you, anytime and anywhere." 

"Even in public?" she asked, followed by a giggle.

"You know sweetie," I replied, "I think I would, as long as we had the money to make bail." 

Such a beautiful smile and when I wiped away her tears, she kissed me. 

Delaney was absolutely thrilled. "I'm going to remember that humming trick," she said, when we got a chance to discuss it." 

"I just wanted to distract her. I simply gave her mind something else to focus on. All those years of being told the same thing over and over made her feel guilty I still have one trick up my sleeve if this doesn't keep working." 

We got called to a meeting after lunch in the break room where we found all the group leaders, the director, and all the coaches.' 

"The scene you just did accomplished exactly what we wanted." Jeanine said. "You were off script most of the time but you proved that it's better if it's real. I was in tears of joy at the end. It was absolutely beautiful. It looks like Lisa is feeling more cofident now and we owe a lot to Tanya for taking a personal interest in her and never giving up on her. That's the type of teamwork we want and what we need from everyone. Understand, we aren't trying to make stars, we're trying to make films that you can believe, films with a real plot, real emotions and real orgasms."

By the way, I know I promised the new cast members would be on board this week, but they're running behind, just like we are so it could be next week now. In the meantime, I need your help. We'll begin with the basic phases of the project we've been referring to early next week and I've got some specific goals we have to achieve before that can happen. I convinced management that you will have no trouble with most of them because you've done them with your partners or husbands. I've relied on what you tell me sitting around in our morning gab fests. By the way, I love that you trust me enough to share intimate details about your lives. Tanya, you could do a three act comedy with no trouble." 

A few seconds later, a small group of people drifted into the room and Jeanine smiled and welcomed them. 

"Okay folks," she said, "this is most of group 2 and their coach. Obviously they don't have your experience yet but we had to push them ahead because of upcoming project responsibilities. So let me see, the sultry looking brunette on the end is one of two coaches we're adding to our group. Walena Fredricks, otherwise known as Wally. Wally is primarily a dialogue coach but she holds a degree in Theatrical Arts and is a gifted actress. You'll want to spend some time with her. 

The young man on the end is Brad Tinely who just turned 21 last week, The tiny little thing next to him with the impressive rack is Trudy Raines, the long legged redhead is Mikki Callen. I have yet to feel those legs around my head but it's a goal, and the blonde bombshell with the amazing ass is Tina Logan. We're missing two coaches and two male talents today but you'll meet them later. For the most part, they already know you because they've been watching the evening rushes every morning." 

We expressed surprise that the rushes were even available. 

"You never asked, "Jeanine said. 

"Grab a beverage and take some time to get to know each other," she said. 

Of course the one I wanted to meet first was Mikki, the long legged red head. Ironically, she searched me out as well. As we exchanged details of the male's abilities and equipment, and the strengths and weaknesses of the women, I noticed Jeanine and Wally pouring over a script and laughing as they penciled in details. I also took note of Georgia who they were passing the script to as they finished. Georgia was then on the in house phone system, while going over her notes. 

It appeared that we were about to do a scene but there was no indication of the nature of the scene. 

It was about an hour later that Mikki got my attention to wave me over to where she and Jeanine stood, again looking over the script. I began to suspect that I was soon to know the details of the scene when Jeannine handed me the script with my part already marked, and highlighted with director's notes in the margins. 

"Can you be ready to go in a half hour?" she asked. 

"That's not even possible, Jeanine," I said. "You're looking at an hour just in makeup and wardrobe. Figure on two and you'll be close"

She groaned but grudgingly agreed. Looking at the cast notes, I saw my name as lead and underneath I saw Callen, M, Logan T., and Denver, L, (Lisa) 

There was very little dialogue but a ton of action and an unusual amount of prop codes, those little numbers that indicate the identity, placement and introduction of props but I had no code references so the identity was unknown to me. Sneaky, very sneaky, and as I reached the end of the script, I felt a chill move over me. I moved quickly to the Lady's room, where I went to the last stall to contemplate the situation. 

I closed my eyes and leaned against the wall with my arms wrapped around me. There was never a doubt that I would do the scene if it came up but that didn't make it any easier to accept mentally and emotionally. 

I washed my face in cold water and talked to the mirror, then finally took a deep breath and walked over to where Jeanine and the others awaited my reaction. 

I didn't give them the pleasure though as I turned to walk toward makeup and wardrobe with, Mikki, Tina and Lisa right behind me, holding hands without speaking. 

I spent an hour in makeup and wardrobe, where I was dressed in breakaways, clothes that tore with a minimum of effort, no bra but nude color bikini panties. I walked down to set B and peeked in to see it was a five camera set up with boom mikes. Counting the director and assistant, I counted fifteen crew members which explained the use of the largest set. 

The set consisted of a couch and very solid coffee table, a chair with ottoman and a drum table with three drawers. Thick rugs lay in front of the couch, and chair. The new lights would give us well balanced but fairly hot lighting. 

The scene opened with me walking in to pick up a Playgirl and then sit on the couch to read. 

Mikki enters stage left, wearing a light green peignoir over matching panties, carrying glasses of white wine. She sits at the opposite end of the couch with her open peignoir revealing her full breasts and erect nipples. There is some dialogue as I place the magazine on the drum table and accept a glass from her. More dialogue and Lisa enters, stage left to move up behind the couch where she works her fingers into my neck and shoulders as we talk, her fingers moving down and over my breasts. With a quick move, she rips my top open to reveal my breasts. She moulds and works them in her fingers as I mewl loudly. She pulls tugs and twists my nipples repeatedly and I get louder as I feel the wetness build. She sucks and bites my nipples as Mikki gets up and pulls my legs around to rip my shorts open and pull them off, followed by my panties. Lisa straddles my face and I pull her hips to me to dive into her pussy. My legs are forced open, with one leg on the floor and Mikki fingers me deep and fast and sucks my pussy. Tina enters stage right and moves behind Mikki to rip her panties off. Mikki spreads her legs and Tina spreads her cheeks open to lick her anus while she finger fucks her pussy. 

Lisa comes hard, covering my face and lips with her come and Mikki drives into me to take me over the top. When Lisa stands up, Mikki moves up on the couch to put one leg on the back of the couch and one on the floor. I straddle her face and she eats me and I feel her fingertip rub against my anus. I lean forward and her finger moves deep into my anus followed by a second one as she ass fucks me. 

Tina sits on the couch and spreads her legs as she hands me a pink rabbit of about seven inches. With my one free hand, I work it in deep and turn it on high but have to hold on for dear life when my body starts shaking and tries to turn itself inside out. 
