 On a recent trip to Italy, I had the opportunity to visit a fantastic hotel in the wonderful city of Rome. My husband was working for a few days so I was left alone in what I consider to be a paradise setting in the centre of one of the most beautiful cities in the world. I enjoy topless sun bathing and relish the stares I still get from men, and some women, as they pass me by. Even in my late fifties I can still turn heads. My breasts have sagged from a 36C to a D cup, but my bum is firm and my tummy is still fairly tight. Mind you I work out religiously when I'm at home, as vanity is my number one vice.

I decided to book an afternoon at the hotel spa and enjoyed all the amenities. Mud on my skin and cucumbers on my eyes made me feel relaxed and quite ready for the wonderful massage. The masseuse, a man in his sixties was good at his job. A few times his fingers came very close to my private parts, but the end result was only a heightened libido for me. I was taken to a small swimming pool with hot, natural spring water and was told to relax for half an hour.

The water was refreshing and very soothing and it was only when a young Taiwanese girl entered with towels that I realized I was supposed to wear a swim suit. She looked shocked at my nakedness and I could not help but notice her staring at my breasts. She was more embarrassed than I was and apologized profusely. I told her that I was the one who should be sorry and reached out my hand for a towel.

I came to realize her job was to dry off the patrons and as I sat on a small bench I enjoyed the soft way in which she padded me down. She rubbed my breasts in a way which seemed to make her uncomfortable and when I stood and she dried my legs I saw her stare at my freshly waxed vagina.

For those of you who know me or have read some previous posts you will now that although I have be married for 35+ years I have been with women, including my best friend whom I met when I was 9. We still get together at least twice a month and exchange feelings never equaled by any other person, albeit man or woman.

The girl continued to dry me and I could sense her apprehension as she neared my womanhood. I helped her a little and felt a tingle shoot through me when I held her hand against my love button. She completed the task and wrapped a towel around me bowing slightly as she bade me to follow her. I did and she led me to a small one person sauna. She poured water on the stones and motioned for me to take a seat on the cedar planks. I did and she smiled, exiting the room slowly.

I sat a moment and removed my towel, staring at my breasts and the erect nipples, still hard from the recent stimulation. I was moist between my legs, not from the sauna or the pool, but from the young Asian girl's attentiveness to my needs. I touched my nipples slowly and pinched them slightly, a feeling which has always given me pleasure. My hand moved to my tummy and then my love nest and a moment later I was rubbing my button softly.

I pushed and pinched lightly as the feeling of pleasure rose inside me. I allowed my finger to slip inside and began to masturbate. I followed with a second finger and opened my legs to allow a third to penetrate and bring the pleasure I was so badly in need of. I was near what would prove to be a great orgasm, when I was stunned at the opening of the door.

I watched in shock as the young Taiwanese girl stood with a towel watching in disbelief as I sat with my legs open and three fingers inserted. She went red and lowered her head and I thought she might cry so I immediately apologized. She said how sorry she was for interrupting and I emphasized that she had done nothing wrong and how bad I felt. I opened my arm to reach the towel she held, but when she handed it to me I took her hand and gently pulled her close.

She looked at me and I stared into her large brown eyes. I put my hand behind her head and slowly pulled her close. I stared into her eyes and closed mine allowing my lips to touch hers. She did not resist, but I felt her tremble. I was surprised when I pushed my tongue against her lips and she parted them allowing me to enter her mouth and push my tongue in and out the same way I enjoy having a tongue enter my vagina.

I took her hand and placed it on my breast and I gently squeezed it against my nipple. She softly massaged me and I felt the passion rise inside me. I continued to kiss her and took her other hand in mine. I moved it on my thigh and I could feel her resist. I opened my legs and pushed her hand a little. I could sense she did not want to and although disappointed I would certainly not make her feel uncomfortable.

I parted my lips from hers and whispered. "Please masturbate me. I am so close." She shook her head and again I begged her. "Please," I said. "I need to cum so badly." I stared at her eyes and again she shook her head. Her hand was trembling and I moved it inside my thigh between my legs. I pushed slightly upward and I felt her hand touch my clitoris. I shivered and closed my eyes.

"Please," I begged once more and I felt her shaking hand move against my love button. I opened my eyes and took her head in my hands as I kissed her lips passionately. She began to rub my woman hood and I almost came when she inserted a finger, instantly making contact with my G spot. She slid a second finger in and her face moved away from mine. She slowly moved her head down until her lips came in contact with my breast. She suckled me hungrily and her hands began to move faster.

"You are like my mother," she said as she looked up while sucking my breast. I smiled and held my breast out for her to suck. She sucked hard and I could feel the pressure. It was enough for me to cum and my tummy tightened as I exploded under her touch. I gushed love juice all over her hands as she continued to finger me, all the while sucking my breast. Finally I relaxed and slumped and she stopped. 

She immediately took a towel and cleaned me between my legs. "I am so sorry," she said, in broken English. I told her how wonderful she was and asked her name. "Shen Fu" she replied and I told her how pretty that name was. I asked if she had any time off tomorrow and she said she was off from noon. I asked if she wanted to take me sightseeing as my husband would be out all day. She agreed, but I sensed reluctance in here voice. We agreed to meet at the Trevi Fountain and I returned to my room totally relaxed, but still feeling the need to masturbate again. I did and was completely satisfied.

I sat and wondered if Shen Fu would show up the next day for our rendezvous. I know we had decided to sightsee, but I knew that I wanted to make love to this young Asian beauty, whom I happened upon so accidentally all those miles from home.