 I introduce this story to you all as fiction and fantasy however it draws from many of my own experiences in the fashion industry. The things taking place in this story are not to be implied or understood to have ever taken place or assumed to be "par for the course" so to speak. This story has evolved from an idea I've been previously working on and a fantasy of one of our very own Literotica members. I hope you all enjoy this story and I especially hope that it is all she expected and more.

Love, Nicole

*

I love the city in the early mornings, especially so in the winter when there's a downy blanket of snow over every corner of New York when you awake to the watery, searching tendrils of sunshine inching their way across virgin snow. The lonely and meandering trail, of some early morning adventurer, as it turns the corner to disappear in singular solitude remains an inviolable metaphor for the sudden hush of a snow silenced metropolis. Soon the pristine expanse will be trampled into an ugly slush by millions of feet, but for now it is my sparkling sanctuary. The coffee rolls back my murkiness. I'm packed, and there my bags wait by the door. Catherine sleeps while for two hours now I've been juggling schedules and finalizing flights for the models and photographers and support staff. I'm ready to go.

This is our biggest shoot ever. The woman I work for designs ladies intimates, or racy-lacy lingerie so to speak, and we've decided to produce a catalog for the Spring season. I have been planning for 4 months. We're sharing the costs with one of our clients and have six quite well known models, and a support staff of nine. Today we all meet at the airport for an early flight to Miami, then Puerto Rico and on to the French island of St. Bart's.

The arrival was breathtaking as usual. The tropical scrub covered hills seeming to reach out for the small prop-plane as the ground rushes up, and just when your panic surges with the certainty that you will perish on the side of a mountain, you see a narrow ribbon of road pass inches under the plane. In the next instant you are plummeting down at an exaggerated angle and slamming into the runway which runs down the steep slope of the hill and onto the narrow flat patch of land just off one of the many beaches. Most of the girls have been here many times and haven't stopped chatting and smiling and laughing through the ordeal. One lovely and angelic young woman stares wide eyed at me, the color drained from her face so that her lips seem pale and translucent. I mouth silently that it'll be ok. She smiles wanly and turns away trembling. I remember my first time arriving in St. Bart's by plane and smile.

"So, I assume this is your first time in St. Bart's?" I ask the angel while we're getting everyone in vans for the hotel. 

"Yy-es, yes it is." She stammers. "I'm sorry, but I must still be shaken from that landing. You know I thought we were going to crash." She said more steadily.

"Hi, I'm sorry, I'm Nicole." And smiling broadly I extended my hand.

"Oh yes I know, I work for Ginny and Liz. I'm the wardrobe assistant and I spoke with you the other day." She said smiling nervously and extending her hand. "Oh shit!" As she dropped her satchel, spilling it's contents at her feet.

"Ok, hey ladies let's load up." I was shouting, "Go on both vans and I'll follow."

I stooped and helped that stunningly gorgeous and darling angel scoop up the contents of her satchel. Pens, pencils, paperclips, straight pins, a stapler, staples, pieces of paper fitters tapes and a myriad of like items. We stood and she was stammering that she was sorry. She was precious.

"Hey, come on. This is the last taxi in line so ride with me." I urged.

"Oh no I can't, Ginny and Liz will need me here." She said looking away as if seeking Ginny and Liz and being terribly unsure of herself. And, with more confidence she looked me in the eyes and smiled, "I'm so sorry, I forgot. Hi, I'm Penny."

"Well Penny, it is a pleasure to meet you." I smiled, "I've been meaning to ask since you have such a lovely voice and delicate accent. Are you Australian? It's just a hint of an accent and hard to place."

"Why yes, yes I am from OZ, but I've been in New York for 2 years studying and working." She said smiling, "I should go look for Ginny and Liz now really." Penny said firmly.

"No, don't worry Penny. I saw Liz before you got through customs and she suggested you go on ahead to the hotel and get settled with your stuff and theirs and start unpacking. They have to go to the customs yard at the other end of the airport and sign out all the boxes of our clothes and things with Leo and Randy the photographers." I explained, "So hop in sweetie." I said taking her hand and sliding into the back.

The ride to the hotel was winding and perilous, but the views were stunning and Penny was smiling as her eyes sparkled in wonder. We arrived at the hotel and met up with the rest of our group in the lobby and I set the schedule for the afternoon. In 3 hours if all went well I wanted to start shooting in the gardens.

The shoot was finishing up and I found myself watching Penny. She stood off to the side in a trance watching P model a pale blue thong and bra set, and I have to admit she was looking extremely hot, which would explain Penny's dreamy gaze. Leo finished up and P sauntered over and as Penny extended the robe and P slipped her arms through and wrapped herself, her hand stroked Penny's and paused a full beat. I saw Penny blushing as P turned her head and gave Penny a light little peck on the cheek and whisper.

"Thanks Penny." And she smiled.

The next day was long and we were all very busy, but over lunch I sat with Penny and we talked. I liked her very much and could tell she'd been smitten with P, our young Eastern European up and coming model. We talked about her wanting to be a designer, and I said that she should be one of our models, that she was stunning and should give it a try. Penny was quite shy about it and did say she'd always found it very glamorous and all but she couldn't follow trough. She smiled shyly and in that moment I knew what P and I were going to do. I could just see Penny's lovely pale complexion with a light powder to smooth it, pale pink lipstick on those full pouting lips of hers and a tawny two tone eye shadow would accentuate her gorgeous sparkling green eyes. Her long wavy auburn hair could use just a little fluffing and she'd be perfect. I was conspiring in my mind just how we'd get her to model a few bra and panty sets for us. I needed to talk with P and two of the other girls to arrange for my idea of a private lingerie show in my bungalow.

At the end of the shoot, I watched as P went up to Penny and they talked in whispering confidences and Penny blushed. P took her hand and gave Penny a lingering kiss on the cheek and smiled. Penny smiled back and nodded. P made her way over to me, her robe fluttering open in front. Her slender form seeming to glide with a dancers stride as she came toward me. I smiled taking in every curve of her beautiful body. She excited me. She was wearing a pale pink satin and lace demi-bra and her perky b-cup breasts were swelling up and in above the lace edges of the cups, and the tiny all over lace thong dove in a deep V between her supple thighs. She came up to me wrapping her robe about her. Penny she said was going to meet her in her bungalow for a little wine and she said that two of her roommates were up for a little get together in my bungalow. They'd do a make-over on Penny and join me. I was going to arrange to have a box or two of lingerie brought to my room in advance.

I could hardly wait. I ordered room service so we'd have things to snack on, and took a bath and slipped into some of the items I'd had sent up. I chose a simple black lace bra and boy-short and slipped my silk robe on. When the knock came, my heart leapt.

The woman that walked into the room with swaying tresses of auburn hair brushing her shoulders and the glowing face of an angel was none other than Penny. Most of her shyness gone, but there was just a trace of excited uncertainty there that gave her away or I wouldn't have recognized her. She was wearing VS boxer pj's and socks and she was breathtaking. P and the two girls that had joined her were wearing their robes like myself and I couldn't wait to see what was under them. I took Penny by the hand and gave her a kiss on the cheek, smiling and welcomed her. P poured everyone a little wine and I led Penny to the couch.

"As you can see Penny, I've arranged the couch so we have a nice open space for our show." I said as she tucked her legs under her on the couch.

"Yes P mentioned something when she was doing my make-up. I'm excited, but I don't know if I want to take part though." Penny said smiling.

"That's ok hon." I replied.

"No it's not, come on Penny you promised. Please, Penny you looked so amazing in the things you tried on in my room." P admonished with a devilish grin.

"Well ok, maybe." Penny said as she smiled blushing again.

"Ok come on girls, let's go in the other room and get ready." I said, "Penny just relax and the show will start in a minute ok?"

"Ok Nicole." Penny said smiling and sipping her wine.

In the other room I noticed immediately that the two new girls P had brought were definitely a couple as they exchanged lingering caresses as they slipped into their ensembles. They chose the baby dolls in white and black with matching thongs. They looked amazing as the sheer fabric swirled around them giving glimpses of their hourglass figures beneath. Their nipples were just visible through the cups and definitely pressing urgently at the whisper light fabric. I was already wearing mine, so I helped P pick out a lovely satin and lace bustier and thong in coral with cream colored lace accents.

We entered one at a time and Penny turned on the sofa to watch us walk in. She was smiling and you could see the excitement building as she watched. P went first and we followed one at a time and did our best show. Very flirty and seductive and I smiled as I watched P step right in front of Penny and slowly sway her hips side to side seductively as she slowly got lower and lower and turned like a stripper and waved her gorgeous round bottom right in Penny's full view. It was so exciting to see the surprise and slight embarrassment in Penny's face give way to a lingering, slightly lustful and longing gaze as P waggled away looking over her shoulder.

The show continued and we were never able to get Penny to model for us, and as the evening was wearing on and the two that P had brought got more and more amorous in the changing room, I suggested to P that maybe she and I would have better luck with Penny. The two love birds were more than happy to head back to their room and leave P and me alone with Penny.

Coaxing Penny into the other room, actually the other bedroom in my bungalow wasn't very hard. Coaxing her out of her pj's was a little more difficult, but by now the wine was relaxing her little bit of prudishness and she finally slipped off her boxers and top. She stood pale and amazingly gorgeous, and nervously asked us what she should put on. She was wearing a pink micro-fiber bra and thong, I was guessing VS, and it almost disappeared against her delicately pale skin. I thought she'd look great in a dark red satin flutter thong and red lace and satin demi-bra and a dark red satin kimono. Penny was a tiny bit nervous as she slipped her own thong down over her thighs and stepped out of it, though she only turned blushing and smiling as she was bent over, when P whispered to me that Penny had such a gorgeous little behind and gave her bottom a lingering caress. Snuggling into her satin and lace flutter thong Penny actually wiggled her bottom at us and asked if we liked what we saw. We were very affirmative in our replies.

Next Penny unclasped her bra in front and her beautiful c-cup breasts swung free as she slipped out of it. She had the perfectly round dark pink areolas and firm, proud nipples of her twenties, and they were swollen and perky with her growing excitement. P offered to help with the bra as it hooked in the back.

"Penny, let me help with this." She said holding up the bra so Penny could slip her arms through the straps, "Mmmm, Penny you have beautiful breasts darling." Said P. Stepping in close to Penny and guiding the cups underneath her breasts and tugging them into place.

Her arms circled Penny, and Penny leaned against her as she peered over Penny's shoulder and hooked the bra in back. Stepping back admiring her as her fingertips trailed in a long caress down each of Penny's arms until they were holding hands.

"Come on Penny, let me show you how to model ok? P said smiling.

"Ok you're the pro. I'm all yours." said Penny.

"I'll be in there in a minute, ok you two." I said heading to the bathroom.

"Sure no hurry Nicole." P said winking at me.

They went into the other room and I set to putting scattered bras and panties back into boxes and wasting time. I wanted to leave them along for a few minutes before going back in. I also needed to cool off a little in case my little fantasy didn't happen. I had imagined being with them both. I'd imagined Penny having what must be her first experience with a woman, be with P and me together. I'd fantasized often about P during other shoots, but she'd always been with either a boyfriend of girlfriend each time. I was beginning to get myself worked up again as I thought of the sounds Penny would be making soon if all went according to plan. I'm such a bad girl I was thinking. I'd talked with P and set this up, even going so far as to say that after we got rid of the other girls, I'd let her have a few minutes with Penny alone before coming back into the room.

It was very quiet in the other room, and about time for my entrance. I loosed my robe so it eased open, slipped my boy-short off, and opened the door quietly. Penny and P were sitting on the sofa. Penny was no longer wearing the bra which lay several feet away on the floor, and P was holding her hand over Penny's which was buried between P's legs. They were deeply involved in a languid and succulent sounding kiss.

"Oh, you naughty little girls!" I scolded, "You started without me!" I continued this time giggling.

I eased close to them as they parted their kiss to look up at me from the sofa, and slipping my hand under P's chin I tilted her face up as I leaned over her and our lips met. P's lips parted instantly and our tongues met in an urgent but slow exploring kiss. She tasted so sweet, well she and Penny tasted so sweet. As we kissed I was aware of some rustling and P's legs parting just a little. Our mouths still locked together, in the next instant my surprised murmur as I felt someone's fingers slipping inside my soaking wet lips under my robe. Separating only a little from our kiss, I looked down to notice P was guiding Penny's fingers inside my orchid petal lips. I turned to see Penny looking up at me with the dreamiest and sexiest look I'd ever seen, so I immediately kissed her forcefully. Gently suckling on her tongue and drawing it into my own mouth I let it slip from my lips and giving her a playful peck I looked into her eyes.

"Penny, I love the feelings your fingers are giving me." I said huskily, "Do you like how my pussy feels?"

"Oh yes, Nicole I think you feel so wonderful." She said, her voice very husky and a little trembling. "But, Nicole, P I'm not gay." "I'm not a lesbian... I want to do this, I want to be with you both... I just don't know..." Penny was pleading, unsure, but she was really looking for us to say it's ok.

"Penny darling, P is only bi, she has a boyfriend and as for me, well I am a lesbian, but none of this will mean you are one too." I assured her.

"Penny, it's something very special, we both want you and we think it'll be fun and exciting and something only women can share." P also assured Penny.

I reached down and guided Penny's fingers from my now sopping pussy. P grabbed her hand and took her fingers in her mouth as I knelt between P's legs. Her robe was completely open and she lifted her bottom from the sofa as I worked her thong down over her bottom, down her thighs and off over her calves and lovely small feet. P was everything I'd imagined and more. She was completely shaved, and she had the most gorgeous dark magenta lips that swelled in two gorgeous folds and the most perfectly shaped little petals that invited tender and delicate and lingering wet trailing tongues. Penny and P were kissing again, and P was circling and playfully pinching Penny's hard dark nipples. Penny was moaning now in her squelchy and passionate kiss with P as my mouth came so close over P's tawny, dark pink pussy that my nose brushed her swollen clitty. There was the tiniest of quivering jerks in P's hips and I drove my tongue between her petal lips. She was burning up inside that gorgeous pouting pussy. I adore the feeling as my tongue slips inside the lips finding for the first time that silky and delicately slick inside. P moaned loudly. I tensed my tongue so it'd be nice and hard and probed lower and lower. Her opening was tight and puckered and wrinkly. I played the tip of my tongue around and around the edge as she moaned constantly, and darted it inside her. Each time I did, she gripped it. I had my thumb and finger spreading her upper lips aside to expose her hooded clitty and with one last, luxuriously long probe of my tongue inside her clenching tunnel, I slowly trailed up her slick lips as they divided for my tongue until it flicked over her clit. It was tiny but the tip poked from under the hood and I pressed my tongue in firmly either side feeling the hoods edge lifting and rolling across my tongue.

I noticed they were not kissing any longer, but that Penny had her fingers inside her own sweet pussy and she was watching me very intently. P's hands were cradling my head and her hips were beginning to lift and rock against my mouth. She was taking short gasping breaths and lingering sighing little cries began as I pressed tight over her clit and rubbed the flat of my tongue vigorously back and forth over it. I pushed a finger deep inside her as she started to tremble and just in time to feel her pussy gape and then squeeze down hard. P had a screaming, quaking, sopping wet orgasm and I heard quiet little moans coming from Penny. As I lifted my gaze to Penny's serene and delighted face, she'd been resting it on P's tummy just under her breasts, I saw her lips part and she moaned out loud. Sweet Penny had cum too.

We moved into my bedroom, and P laid me back on the bed and I spread my legs as she guided Penny between them on her knees. P patiently began instructing Penny how go down on me. I was so excited by this that I nearly had an orgasm from her first tentative little tongue licks. P told Penny to just take her thumb and suck on it to get it nice and wet and to gently press over the top of my clitty and to softly and slowly roll it side to side as she pressed her tongue inside my pouting lips and stroked it up and down between them. I was in heaven. It was such a turn on to hear P giving little virgin Penny her first lesson in eating pussy and I was moaning and doing the "Oh God!" bit and gasping every time Penny's tongue pushed inside me. 

"Oh God P, teach her to use her finger inside me. I need something in there." I gasped.

"Ok Penny, quickly suck on a finger on your free hand. No don't stop gently rolling her clit, keep that going." P instructed.

God this was making me so hot. I was going to explode soon after she got her finger inside me I thought.

"Ok Penny, now shift your tongue up to Nicole's clit and press it flat against it and keep rolling it under your tongue now. Now slide your finger inside her lips and down to her opening and slowly push inside her. You know where her G-spot is I hope, you should have found yours by now anyway. So feel her clenching your finger and as she does curl your finger up inside her and press out like your trying to find your tongue on the outside." P lectured on.
