 I am writing this as a task for my Domme.

You are busy unfastening my belt, kissing me deeply. My hands are buried in your long blonde hair. A gentle bite on my neck raises goosebumps on my skin and I moan into your kiss. Her hands run along my sides and up my chest. She starts unbuttoning my shirt but her hands become distracted when my tits become exposed. You finish what she started. My shirt falls to the floor. I pull your shirt over your head and you do the same to hers, drawing my attention to her for a few moments of kissing while you take off my shorts. I finish undressing you both to your bras and underwear. Your fingers tease gentle lines across the waistline of my underwear. Hers are in my hair, working it into a fine mess.

Kissing and biting your neck and collarbones, I back you onto the bed. You arch your back into me so that I can scoop my hand behind your shoulders and unhook your bra. I can feel her behind me doing the same to mine. They both get tossed to the side. I straddle your hips with my hands on either side of your waist, continuing to kiss down your chest until she buries her hand into my hair again, this time pulling hard, forcing my head back. I gasp with pleasure. She bites my neck again, this time hard enough that I know it will leave a bruise. She does the same to my shoulder. You sit up, your hands wrapping around my lower back, and begin to do the same to the sensitive skin on my stomach and sides. I'm flinching and moaning, getting wetter by the second and I think of all the small, round bruises that will cover my skin in the morning.

Her hands occupy themselves with my tits again and I reach one hand back, pulling the front of her closer into me. I place my other hand on the back of your head. My touch makes you look up at me with those eyes and I bite my lip before diving in for another kiss. I reach down into your panties to find that you are just as wet as I am. I raise my hand to my lips and look you in the eye as I lick the taste of you off my fingers. She leans over my shoulder and tells me that she wants what I was already thinking. I place my hand in the center of your chest and push you back down onto the bed. We both look down at you with the same look that says "god, I want to hear you come". 

I feel her climb off the bed behind me and, for a few moments, it's just you and I. I push my hips between your thighs, grinding them into you. You wrap your arms around my back, pulling me closer. I kiss, bite, lick down your body, taking a moment to pause at your tits. I scratch down either side of your body and you writhe beneath me. When my hands reach your hips, I pull down your panties until they're out of my way. I kiss the tops and inside of your thighs. Then, finally, I take what I want. You taste even better in my mouth than you did on my fingers. I wrap my arms around your thighs, pulling you as close as I can. You help me work toward the same goal, grabbing the back of my neck and pulling me closer to you. My tongue finds a rhythm that you like and your hips rise and fall to meet it. Every moan makes me want you even more.

I feel her return to the bed behind me. She runs one hand up my back, then back down to my hip. I spread my legs, knowing what to expect, wetter still with anticipation. Her hand reaches between my legs to tease me and I moan softly into you. Then, the dildo of her strap on slides inside of me. I arch my back and throw my head back in pleasure, involuntarily calling out curses. This briefly breaks my focus on you, but you don't allow it for long, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me back into you. I pick back up where I left off with you, working harder to make up for my moment of distraction. Though now, I'm moaning into you almost constantly, unable to control my own voice. She somehow seems to find the same pace fucking me as I have pleasing you, on hand on my hip, the other on your thigh. Occasionally, she leans forward to firmly bite my back and sides - more bruises for me to look forward to in the morning. I think of how good they'll look in the mirror after my shower. 

I feel myself growing closer to coming but I know myself well enough to know that you have to come first. I focus all of my energy on you, paying close attention to what makes you moan loudest. When I find just the right spot, you reassure me with your hand firmly holding my head in place. I run my hands along your stomach and back up to your tits. Before I know it, your moans erupt louder than ever and your thighs are shaking on either side of my face. The sound of you is enough to send me over the edge and I join you in moaning loudly. I collapse forward onto the bed beside you and catch my breath for a few moments before looking over at you with a devious smile. We both grab onto the sides of the strap on, pulling her forward and throwing her on the bed before climbing on top of her. Only one of us hasn't come yet but has certainly earned it. Besides, this night is far from over.