 Story 1: Emma, Kym and Jen. 

Note; all persons in this description/encounter were over the age of 18 at the time...

My name is "Emma" and I am a 45 yo married female. I am bisexual and in a monogamous marriage with a man. I know that seems like a difficult concept for many, but I fall in love with people. I do not have a 'preference'. Just like a heterosexual or homosexual relationship, monogamy can be a path you choose. I don't 'miss' women. I can compare it to my husband. He used to be dating a skinny Asian woman, I am a curvy woman of English ancestry. Nobody asks him is he misses Asian women.

This is part 1 of 3 stories about three different threesomes, FFF, FMF, and MFM.

*****

Now given the above intro it seems ironic that describing a threesome I have had. Those all occurred in my younger days before I settled down. Through the few non-monogamous encounters I did have, especially of the fmf variety, I discovered I was allergic to the real life drama they seem to attract after the fact. 

My senior year of high school I dated my first really true love, Kym. She had the softest pale skin with long jet-black hair, deep blue eyes, and a slender build. Like me, she was very much into the punk/goth scene of the 1990s. Our school was in a fairly mixed liberal and conservative area of northern Virginia, and it was still difficult at the time to be openly "bi"... Most people, of course, think it's about who you are currently with... so we were that "lesbian" couple. We could have been more open about it, because most guys thought it was hot - that is, until they figured out we weren't going to sleep with them.

Around April of that year, Kym was accepted into college on the west coast. The school was near where her dad lived, and she was going to stay there full-time for 4 years (which turned out to be 6) until she graduated. I was going to go in-state a few hours from home. We ignored the issue of the long-distance relationship for as long as we could, finally having "the talk" on the night of our graduation. We'd remain friends but would not stand in the way of future relationships we may have in college and beyond. There were tears and the first session of breakup sex that night. 

Around July we went out to see a concert ( L7 and Bikini Kill ) with a friend of ours, Jen. Jen was from a rather conservative family and, like many of us, found herself in high school. I had gotten Jen into the whole punk rock, goth, and riot grrrl music thing over the previous year. I think she really looked up to Kym and me as "the cool kids" so to speak. I used to loan her my band t-shirts and some black skirts and boots. I showed her how to do her hair and makeup like mine, such as her eyeliner (not too thick, a little extended off the corners of your eyes). That black lipstick actually did exist. I also taught her the right way to dye her hair and keep the Manic Panic hair dye from fading too fast. By the time summer rolled around that year, she was doing all of that on her own with her own unique style. Jen was a little on the shorter side, about 5'5" with a very lovely, curvy figure. Her 36D breasts well balanced with her somewhat voluptuous hips and ass. 

We drove to the concert in Kym's gold 80-something Honda Civic. We called it the "Space Biscuit." After we parked the car in not the most upscale section of Washington D.C., ironically called "Mt Pleasant." We got out into the typical hot and steamy D.C. summer air and walked to the venue located in a large church. which had a theater that was rented out for shows at night. The one thing I loved about the shows at the churches was that they were non-smoking, unlike the 930 Club, which had become infamous for the smell it left on anyone who attended shows there. 

There was some band playing when the 3 of us arrived, a smaller opening act. Bikini Kill came on after them. The three of us stood in the back. It was much too loud to talk to each other, so we just watched the band, danced, and jumped around. The three of us chatted between the bands. Jen was always in a good mood it seemed, always very playful and affectionate when she was out with us. Soon the main act, L7, came on. They had just started to become a "big" act, so the place was packed, probably to over capacity. The three of us were near the front, next to the "pit" where people would dance and wildly run into each other. We watched the band occasionally almost falling to the floor as the crowd moved around.Kym, Jen, and I stayed packed close together to pick one another up if we fell. 

After the concert, Kym, Jen, and I went back to Kym's house to hang out. Jen called home to let her parents know she was staying at Kym's for the night. Kym's mom was away for the weekend at her boyfriend's. We were in her basement watching some MTV, which actually played music videos back then - even good ones on a show called "120 Minutes." We mixed up some vodka and cranberries and "chilled." 

Kyms basement was set up with a couch and recliner in front of the TV. The recliner was close to the TV. Kym was wearing a black t-shirt, a black skirt, and ripped-up fishnet stockings. I had on black jeans and a t-shirt, and Jen was wearing a plaid skirt, black leggings, and a black tank top over a red bra. The three of us had all kicked off our boots by then. 

Jen was sitting in the recliner. Kym and I were on the couch more or less behind her. As the night went on, naturally Kym and I were cuddled up, kissing... and more kissing... And some hands... At some point, I was getting a bit turned on. I ran my hand up Kym's thigh, discovered she was not wearing panties and was able to feel her wet, swollen clit with my finger tips. I applied a little teasing pressure and rolled my fingers over it. 

Kym reflexively moaned out an "Oh, fuck yes, Emma."

At that point, Jen swiveled the recliner around and said, "Well, you two seem to be having some fun now." 

Kym looked back up and said with a slight smile, "Oh sorry about that." Jen replied with a devilish smile, "No need, you two are incredibly beautiful and sexy. Go on like I'm not here if you'd like."

I looked at Kym, and she gave me that "Well, why not?" look.

With that I ran my hand up Kym's shirt, tugging it over her head. She lifted her arms up to accommodate. I got on top of her, straddling her thigh, and leaned down and kissed her deeply, tongues dancing in each other's mouths. I started to grind on her thigh, stimulating my clit as I kissed her. Kym pulled off my shirt and had my bra off in no time. I then removed her top and bra. I kissed down her neck, gently nibbling on her soft skin. Kym took my nipple in her mouth and sucked on it, as I reached down and played with her perky 34B breasts. We went at it like that for a little while. Soon Kym grabbed my hips and flopped me over on my back on the couch. She kissed down my stomach, stopping at the top of my jeans to look up into my eyes and smile as she unbuttoned and unzipped me. She kissed further down, tugging slightly at the top of my black, cotton bikini panties as she slid her arms under me. 

I lifted my hips up, and she tugged off my jeans and panties in one motion. Kym stood up to toss my clothes aside and took a step back. She unzipped the back of her skirt and it fell to the floor, then, with her thumbs inside the waist of her pantyhoses, she slid off the fishnets. Kym had an amazing body, with small, bouncy nipples on her soft, beautiful breasts. She had the most beautiful curves to her hips and a rather well manicured dark triangle of pubic hair, which I personally waxed, of course. She looked into my eyes again and smiled. I reflexively opened my legs. Kym proceeded to move down between them and kissed my clit. She sucked my clit into her mouth gently then proceeded to use her tongue to tease and lick me. She slid 2 fingers inside me and curled them in an upward motion, and she lapped at my pussy. My hands played with Kym's hair as I guided her around. 

I had been so caught up in the moment with my girlfriend that I completely had forgotten about Jen in the chair. I glanced to my right and saw Jen with her legs slightly apart in the chair and her hand between her legs rubbing herself over her tights.

I asked Jen, "Enjoying yourself?" 

To which she Jen replied, "This is so sexy. Of course I am."

I pulled Kym's head up for a moment and looked at her and smiled. We had that subconscious connection, and, without a word, she knew what I was asking for. She gave me an approving look and an evil smile. 

I looked back at Jen and asked, "Would you like to kiss me." 

Without a word, Jen stood up and walked over to me, kneeling down beside the couch. She pushed her lips onto mine, slowly opening her mouth, our tongues intertwining. Jen's hands quickly moved to my breasts. She put her mouth on my nipple, going back and forth between each breast, sucking and biting them. As Kym fingered and licked me, Jen kissed my neck and played with my breasts. I was very quickly nearing the edge, as my breath quickened. Kym picked up the pace. My hand was firmly grasping Jen's ass as she kissed me. 

Within a minute I exploded, letting out a long groan. "Ahhhhh fuuuuck," I moaned. My hips bucked against Kym's mouth and fingers, and I fell limp and spent after a 30-second orgasm. 

Kym looked back up at me, with my sex all over her face. Jen then leaned into her and kissed her deeply. Kym returned the favor, filled with lust. Now Kym and Jen were facing each other on the floor on their knees. Kym lifted up Jen's tank top and undid her red bra. The two went back to kissing, and Jen slid her fingers into Kym. Jen eventually coaxed Kym onto her back gently and started to kiss down her front. Kym played with Jen's reddish brown hair and guided her down to her well-manicured pussy. 

Jen spread Kym's legs and grabbed her by the ass with both hands as she dove down into her pussy, licking and sucking her. It was an amazing sight. Jen was topless on her knees with her head licking Kym. I moved behind Jen and unzipped the back of her skirt and slid it off. I tugged a bit at her tights, and she wiggled quite ungracefully as to let me get them off while she continued to lick Kym. Once Jen was nude, I sat back and watched Kym, who was enjoying every second of Jen's tongue. I was watching Jen from behind, her ass up in the air. And what a perfect ass it was, too. Jen has those killer curves. I ran my hands over her soft, warm ass, teasing her tight hole to test her reaction. With a soft moan she pressed her ass back into my finger. I could tell she was very much enjoying it. Then I slid my hand between her legs and felt that she was absolutely soaked. Two fingers slid in with no effort, and I fucked her with my hand and teased her ass with the other. I knew I wanted to lick her, so I spread her knees out and laid on my back under her smooth, bald pussy. She straddled my face as I sucked and licked her, again fingering her pussy and teasing her hole with the other. I could hear Kym getting close to cumming. Jen had been licking her at an ever-quickening pace. 

Then I heard Kym yell out, "Yes, Jen! Right there! Make me cum!" 

That was followed seconds later by "Oh, yes, mmmmm," as Kym came. 

I think that the sounds of Kym's orgasm is what finally set Jen off, since with none of the usual crescendo she started to shudder as she came. Jen was a rather quiet cummer, and after a few shudders she rolled off my face onto her back. 

Kym and I moved to her, and the three of us shared a kiss, tasting each other. There was more to come, but that's another story.