 Authors note: "Three Girls" (Pts 1 & 2) follows on from "An Evening Out" and will make more sense if that one is read first, but it will stand as a story in it's own right.

Jackie had put up the board and begun the task of working her way through the pile of ironing. Normally she found it a chore of mind bending monotony, but today, for some reason, it answered a need for quiet domestication and she was comforted by it. She just wanted a quiet morning in which to mull over recent events! So she was not over impressed when her close friend and fellow school governor, Denise Marsh, came breezing in without so much as a 'by your leave', cheerily told her to 'put that away while I make coffee' and disappeared off into the kitchen whistling a nursery rhyme. Nevertheless, she did as she was told and was sitting in the lounge wondering why Denise was so cheerful this morning and why "for Gods sake" was she whistling 'the Teddy Bears Picnic' at full volume, when the offending lady came bustling in with a tray of coffee and plonked herself down opposite her friend, still whistling!

"OK Den, what's up, and why are you whistling that bloody awful kiddies tune?

"You do recognise it don't you?" 

"The Teddy Bears Picnic"

"And what are its first two lines?"

"If you go down in the woods today, be sure of a big surprise!" Jackie gazed at Denise in puzzlement.

"Well", said Denise triumphantly, "Max and I went down in the woods the other night and, oh boy, did we get a big surprise!"

Jackie felt the heat rise as she suddenly realised where the conversation was heading, but she had to be sure – on the slim off chance that Denise was talking of something else entirely! "And what surprise was that, Den?"

"Well, you know that parking spot up near the lagoon?" 

Jackie nodded mechanically, realising that the slim chance had now become no chance!

"Well, we were walking towards it when we both saw a car that looked very much like yours and just at the front of it was a man who looked very much like your Andy, though it was getting dark and not easy to be sure"

'But you are sure, aren't you', said Jackie silently, and out loud "Go on".

"Well, the thing is, he was holding onto an ankle and at the other side of the car was another man holding another ankle" Denise paused and looked at Jackie for effect before continuing. "Now, it looked as though the two ankles were joined to legs and in between those legs was a woman lying across the car with her skirt hiked up and another woman licking her pussy!"

Another pause.

"I couldn't make out who the woman being eaten was, but she was about your build and her hair was much the same colour as yours – any ideas?" Denise had her head cocked to one side in mock questioning

Swearing to herself, Jackie gave in! "You do know how to put a lady on the spot don't you? Yes, Ok, so it was me, can't a girl have some fun these days? And I'll have you know it was fucking fantastic!" The last added almost defiantly!

"Yes, I got that impression from the sound effects, which, I might add, we heard before we saw you" Denise looked at Jackie hard. "It can be very disconcerting you know, having a quiet evening stroll with your husband and coming across one of your best friends, legs held open, with a woman going down on her and in the middle of a gigantic orgasm. So what I want to know is – how did that get to happen?"

"I'm sorry if I've embarrassed you, Den, but you've just done the same to me, and how did I know you were there?"

"Oh, you didn't embarrass me, far from it, in fact you turned both me and Max on so much that as soon as you'd gone he gave me the best fucking I've had for a long time, so thank you for that! But you don't get out of it that easy Jackie, – how did it come to happen in the first place?"

"I'm not sure to be honest, Den. Andy and I were feeling a bit fruity and we went somewhere we thought would be quiet - though it seems we were wrong! Then Andy had the back seat full of junk so we couldn't use that and somehow it ended up with me sprawled over the car so he could go down on me. I love oral sex, don't you?"

Denise didn't answer, so Jackie continued. "But while we were at it another car pulled up with this couple in. Now, I've often wondered what it would be like to have an audience and as Andy didn't seem to mind and I was far to hot to care, I thought we'd put on a show! And, I'll tell you something, Den, knowing someone is watching is a hell of a turn on!"

"So is watching! And for that matter, so is talking about it over coffee!"

"I know!"

The two women looked at each other thoughtfully for a few moments before Jackie shook the thoughts out of her head and said, "Anyway, back to the story!"

"Somehow or other, the couple in the car came to get out and stand next to us watching Andy giving me a good tongue lashing, and their closeness turned me on even more, especially when my legs tired and they each supported one, God did that feel good! It made me feel even more exposed, and so fucking horny! Eventually I think Andy's tongue wore out and Anne, that's the woman's name, just sort of naturally took over."

Jackie stopped for a moment, thinking. "No, I'm wrong, I got Andy to fuck me with them watching and afterwards he wouldn't go back down on me 'cos he's got this thing about tasting his own cum, and that's when Anne took over. And, God, she is good! But I suppose she's had the practise!"

"Didn't it bother you that it was a woman doing it? I didn't think you were into women!"

"I'm not, but somehow it didn't seem to matter, and anyway I'll tell you what, the orgasm she gave me would have registered on the Richter scale! I'd let her do it again anytime if the chance came up! And it might! Anne is supposed to be ringing me sometime to arrange for the four of us to get together again!"

Denise pointed out an obvious problem. "And what if she wanted you to return the favour?"

"I reckon it might be worth trying it just to get her to do me again, anyway, who's to say I might not like it?"

Denise wasn't sure if she should take Jackie's remarks seriously 

"Though I must admit." Jackie continued. "The thought of doing it with a woman had never ever occurred to me until last night!"

"It occurs to me regularly, I've just never had the nerve to do anything about it!" Denise admitted quietly.

Her friend's admission caught Jackie by surprise. "Really? What? Oral? With a woman? Both ways – giving and taking?"

"Yes. I've often fancied tasting pussy, and anything else women can do with women!" Denise studied Jackie's face for a reaction. "Have I shocked you?" "Well, yes, I suppose you have, but not in a nasty way! I've known you so long and it never occurred to me that you might be bi' inclined." Jackie tried to lighten the conversation. "Well, fair's fair, if you ever get around to doing it, let me know, and it's my turn to watch you!"

"You're on! But don't hold your breath. I don't think I'll ever get up the courage!"

The phone rang.

Jackie frowned at the interruption of a very interesting conversation and picked up the receiver.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's Anne."

"Oh. Hi Anne."

Denise made to get up, but Jackie waved her back into her chair. "No you don't, we haven't finished talking yet".

"Sorry, have I called at a bad time? Should I ring back in a while?"

"No, its ok, now's fine. My best friend, Denise, is here, but we've no secrets – well, not now anyway! – and we were just talking about you and the other night anyway. It seems she was hiding in the undergrowth with her husband, spying!"

"Oh, I see!" There was a worried note in Anne's voice.

"Yes, that's what I thought!" Jackie looked at Denise, who blushed! "But it wasn't intentional, so I've forgiven her, and in any case we earned her a bloody good shagging from her old man on the strength of what they saw!"

Anne's tinkling laughter came down the 'phone. "Good for her, always glad to help!" Then, more seriously, "You know we're supposed to arrange for a foursome, well, rather than do it over the 'phone, can I come around and see you? I'd feel much happier doing it face to face!"

"Yes, of course," Jackie was curious as to Anne's real motive. "When?"

"Well, I was thinking of now, but you've got company so you tell me when it's convenient."

"Now is fine, I'm sure Den would love to meet you. She's says that you've got a nice bum but that's all she's seen so far!"

"I did not!" Denise's mock outrage came with a smile.

"You mean she hasn't got a nice bum?"

"I didn't say that either. In fact, I didn't say anything, it's you teasing!"

Anne's laughter was spilling from the 'phone.

"Well, has she or hasn't she? You had a better view of it than me!"

"Yes, as a matter of fact she has, and if I do meet her, I'm going to ask her if you've got a nice cunt, on the grounds that she's seen more of that than I have!"

"Oh! And do I detect jealousy?"

"No, you do not detect jealousy!"

"Oh, so isn't my cunt good enough for you?"

"Stop trying to tie me in knots, I don't need your cunt, I've got one of my own!"

The 'phone was having hysterics!

"Anyway, just how much of my cunt have you seen?"

"Enough from the tennis club showers to know that you shave it, but I admit that's about all!"

Letting her embarrassed friend off the hook Jackie turned back to the 'phone and asked, "How long will it take you to get here, Anne?"

"Is your house the one with the big pyracanthus against the front door?"

"Yes, but how did you know that?"

"Well you gave me your address with your 'phone number, and now I'm parked just down the street looking at it, so it'll take me about one minute!"

"So I did! Good, just pull into the drive and come to the side door!"

"OK, see you in a minute." The 'phone went dead.

"You can be right bitch sometimes, Jacqueline Edwards, I hope you know that! You've already ruined my reputation with that poor woman and I haven't even met her yet, well, not properly anyway!" Denise was smiling as she said it, having met her friend's offbeat humour before and never taken her too seriously.

"No more than you deserve, creeping through the undergrowth and spying on a friend enjoying a little innocent fun!"

"Oh no! You're not catching me again, save the banter for Anne when she gets here. And talking of Anne, would you like me to go before she arrives?"

"Why, do you think we're going to rip each others clothes off and carry on where we left off? 

"No, 'cos if I thought that I'd definitely stick around!" Denise grinned lustfully before she put on her serious face. "I just thought that if you've got arrangements to make you'd prefer to do it in private."

"No, I'd sooner you stayed and met her. If truth be known, I'm just a little apprehensive about meeting her again after.....well, you know, what if she regrets it?" It was Jackie's turn to feel embarrassment. 

"I don't think that's likely, do you, really? But I'd like to meet the woman who 'expanded your horizons', to coin a phrase, so if you'd like me to, I'll stay put!

"Thanks pal, - now go and let her in!" Jackie had heard a car door close in the drive.

Denise just managed to open the door before Anne could ring the bell, catching her with finger outstretched as if pointing!

"Anne?"

"Yes. Denise? Is that right?"

"It is, but I prefer 'Den', come in." Denise stepped back to let Anne through.

The two women went through into the lounge, where Jackie sat, nervously waiting.

"Hi again Jackie"

"Hello again Anne, - would you like coffee?"

"Please, black."

"I'll go." Denise disappeared into the kitchen. 

Left alone, the two women sat without speaking for several very long minutes, each looking at the other and trying to work out how to begin!

"I'm scared to ask what you think of me after our last meeting." Jackie finally broke the silence.

"And you of me" replied Anne.

"I'm not usually quite so wanton." Jackie sounded almost apologetic.

"And I'm not usually quite so forward."

"But I'm glad you were!"

"Glad you were what?" Denise breezed back in with coffees all round and looked for an explanation of Jackie's remark.

"Forward" said Anne, "I'd just said that I'm not usually so forward. In fact, truthfully, until then I'd never touched another woman, though I'll admit wanting to, I don't know what came over me."

"Good God!" Denise exclaimed, "And Jackie thought you were so good because you'd had loads of practise."

"No, none, but I'm so glad it was ok, I was worried in case it wasn't"

"Ok? It was bloody wonderful!" Jackie told Anne gratefully.

All three women were now smiling like Cheshire cats, the ice had been broken and the doubts cleared away.

"Oh, and by the way," Anne looked at Denise and then continued, "Jackie has a beautiful cunt, I just thought I'd save you asking!" "Oh, you could hear that down the 'phone, could you? Well I might have bloody known she would have, lucky bitch."

"Ignore her moans, I said she was jealous." Jackie cut in, to be rewarded by Denise sticking her tongue out at her. Then, looking at Anne, Jackie asked, "I know I enjoyed what you did, but did you enjoy doing it?"

"Oh, did I ever? Justin had got the hump 'cos he didn't get anything while we were there and wouldn't touch me afterwards, so I had to wait till I got home, but then I reckon I wore out two sets of batteries just thinking about it!"

"Yes, I was selfish, wasn't I? I never thought about your fun, I am sorry!"

"So you would return the favour then?" Denise was harking back to their earlier conversation, determined to get an answer from her friend.

Jackie was caught off guard for a moment, but then she said "Yes, I guess I would, in fact I think I'd like to!"

She stopped for a few seconds, then, "Anne, if you've never touched a woman before I guess nobody – female, that is - has done it to you?"

"Nobody." Anne replied, hoping she knew where this was heading.

"Then, if I was your first, will you be my first?"

"Oh yes please! Anytime you want!"

Jackie looked round at Denise. "Den, it would give me a hell of a kick if you'd watch us!"

"Always the bridesmaid, never the bride! But hadn't you better ask Anne about that, she may not fancy a spectator?"

"Oh, yes she would, I'm a closet exhibitionist as well as a closet bi!" Anne answered for herself. "There is just one condition though."

The other two looked at her expectantly.

"If one of us gets naked, we all get naked, ok Den?"

"I guess we'll all be naked then. Because I love to watch just like you two love showing off." Denise replied, turning to Jackie. "Oh, and Jackie!"

Jackie looked at her friend, eyebrows raised, wondering what was coming next!"

"Then I can check out for myself if your pussy really is beautiful!"

"Typical!" Said Jackie. "I guess the next question now is – when?"

"You know what we said earlier before Anne arrived, about talking about making you horny?" Denise asked

Jackie nodded.

"Well it still fucking well is, so how about right now?"

"Right now is just about as long as I can wait!" Anne was confirming her readiness.

Jackie looked at Anne, then at Denise, and then, suddenly realising that her heart was pounding with anticipation, she nodded agreement, rose from her seat and started towards the stairs! "Come along then girls, this way and don't take all day!" 

"Ooohh, get her!" Said Anne in mock sarcasm, as the other two got up and followed.

"Sooner or later, I intend to!" Muttered Denise to herself.

Jackie reached the bedroom first, but then hesitated, wondering if she had the nerve to go through with it. She wanted badly to taste Anne, and to give her the pleasure that she'd received, but she wasn't sure if she knew how and the thought of messing up with Denise present was somewhat daunting. But then, all three of them were novices with their own sex and so who knew what was good and what was not! But even as she stood there wavering the others came in with Denise, up front as usual, demanding to know why Jackie hadn't started undressing!

"Because it would be impolite to start without you." She replied and began undoing the belt to her slacks. Once she had started it seemed that all doubts disappeared and the rest of her clothes came off without any hesitation, leaving her standing naked to watch Anne slipping out of her panties and Denise making a performance out of unclipping her bra. Very soon three naked women stood gazing at each others bodies with open desire, ragged breathing testifying to their arousal.

"Before we do anything else, can I do something a dearly wanted to do before, but couldn't?" Anne asked, looking at Jackie.

"Sure, go ahead, so long as it's nice." Jackie assented.

Anne walked forward, took Jackie in her arms and kissed her full on the mouth. A surprised Jackie responded without hesitation, embracing Anne in return and pulling her body to her own, their naked forms pressing tightly against each other. The kiss lasted for several minutes, during which time tongue found tongue and hands wandered up, down, and around, exploring and caressing every inch that could be reached.

Eventually the pair parted, gasping from excitement, until Jackie took Anne's hand and led her to the king size bed where the two lay down side by side, looking into each others eyes with unbridled lust. They kissed again, this time with Jackie taking the lead, pushing Anne onto her back so that she could lie almost on top of her partner. Lying together like that the pair pushed themselves hard against each other as tongues explored mouths, breasts rubbed against breasts, arms wrapped tightly around backs, hips gyrating sensuously, legs parting legs and finding their way between so that each could feel the dampness of their partner's pussy sliding along their thighs. 

After some minutes Jackie disengaged her lips and tongue from Anne's reluctant mouth and began a slow journey down her body, softly kissing her neck and throat before descending to take her left nipple into her mouth. Anne had small pert breasts in proportion with her athletic figure, but with surprisingly large nipples, ideal for a mouth to lock onto, especially when they were as rock hard and engorged as they were now! Jackie squeezed and massaged Anne's breast while sucking hard on the nipple, nibbling it, gently biting it and skating her tongue across its tip.

Anne moaned with pleasure, pushing her breast at Jackie's mouth, trying to ensure it continued to be played with, and then groaning in dismay when Jackie eventually released it to continue her journey southwards. But her breasts were not forgotten even then. Jackie lay on top, reaching upward with both hands to play with her breasts while her lips and tongue played around and teasingly below Anne's navel. Jackie trailed saliva around the navel and across the taut skin below it, before gently blowing on it to send a small shiver of pleasure through her partner's body. Still playing with her breasts Jackie repeated the journey with a wet tongue tip, each time venturing a little further south so that soon she had left the navel behind and was closing in on her main target! Like Jackie, Anne had shaved her pubic hair and so, unable to actually see where she was going, Jackie's tongue reached very top of Anne's cleft sooner than she expected, an arrival that was greeted with a loud moan and a thrust of the hips. The thrust almost succeeded in its intention of pushing her pussy full on to Jackie's mouth, but that was not the intention at all and she managed to draw back just in time. She intended to creep up slowly on Anne's pussy, to let her tongue tiptoe down the woman's slit, taking it's time in reaching her pussy, absorbing the new tastes and sensations slowly and taking as well as giving, full pleasure in what she was doing. 
