 Her siblings had only been gone to college for a week, but already Lisa was lonely. The fact that Dylan was no longer there to have sex with and Emily had taken all of her toys to school left Lisa with a lot more free time than she had in the month since she had seduced her brother.

Her only solace was her best friend Kate, who was also going through withdrawal since her boyfriend had gone off to college.

Kate was half-Filipino, and had that tall, thin 'model' figure that guys drooled over. Combined with her jet-black hair and permanent tan, she easily turned heads wherever she went.

"Wow, I haven't been laid in so long that this scene is making me horny!" Kate reached down and fixed her mesh shorts. She and Lisa were sitting in Lisa's rec room, watching a 'teen' movie, dressed almost identically, in white tank tops and mesh shorts, red (Kate) and purple (Lisa).

"Geez, Kate, I didn't realize you guys were that hot and heavy."

"Yeah. Towards the end we were doing it like twice a day."

Lisa opened her mouth to tell her friend that she was too, but stopped short. She hadn't found a good way to break it to her best friend that she was fucking her own brother.

She had told Kate that she'd popped her cherry though, but had been coy about the name of the 'popper.'

"What about you Lis? Was once enough for you?"

"No, of course not. But I really haven't had a chance to do it again." Lisa lied.

"Ha. I'm telling you, if you'd done it as much as I had, you'd find it hard to go cold turkey."

"Geez Kate, you gonna jump the next boy you see?"

"Lisa, at this point, even you are looking good."

Lisa blushed now at this comment. She and Kate had 'experimented' together, and every once in a while, Lisa remembered it fondly.

"So does that dazed look in your eyes mean you're thinking the mystery man who took your virginity?"

"No, it means I'm thinking of how good it would feel you tasting my pussy" Lisa thought to herself, before she answered lackadaisically.

"Yeah." 

"Why won't you tell me who it is? Is it someone I fucked?"

"Not quite" Lisa replied quickly, hoping to throw her BFF off the scent.

"Ohmigod! So it's someone I've hooked up with?"

"I didn't say that."

"But you implied it. Geez Lisa, I've only kissed 5 guys, and one was your brother, so I know it's not him."

Before she could stop herself, Lisa smiled and opened her mouth to reply. Kate saw her reaction, and opened her own mouth, her mental gears turning. Despite her good looks, she was no pushover in the 'smarts' department, and quickly came to the conclusion her strawberry companion was mentally begging her not to.

"No way. No fucking way."

"Kate you have to promise not to tell anyone."

"I can't believe you actually fucked your brother. I'm so jealous."

"Jealous?"

"Well yeah. I mean, when Dylan and I fooled around I could tell he was hung. And the way he kissed I knew he could munch well too."

"Wait, so you're not grossed out?"

"No. It's just sex. It's not like you're married or anything."

"Wow Kate. I feel stupid now. I've been trying to figure out how to tell you for like a month now."

"Wow. So how come you just did it once?"

"Umm, no. More like once a day."

"Just once. I'm sure Dylan would have been good for at least twice."

"He was. But I had to share."

"Share with whom? Dylan wasn't seeing anyone."

Kate looked at Lisa, and saw her shit-eating grin.

"Holy shit! Emily?!?!"

"Yeah. Remember our party? They hooked up that night."

"Did you and Emily ever...?"

"No. Why?"

"Well, since you both were fucking Dylan, I thought maybe...?"

"Why, does the thought of me and my sister turn you on?"

"Yeah, a little. After all, she wouldn't be the first girl you kissed." Kate smiled lovingly at her friend.

"Hehe, yeah. Remember those days?"

"You mean before you took on that pair of torpedoes?"

"Or before you started wearing bathing suits for money?"

"Ooh, low blow. I should slap you for that."

"Honey, you wouldn't dare. I'd smother you to death with my 'torpedoes.'"

"Who knows, maybe I'd like that."

"You're kidding, right?" Lisa flushed now. Kate's last comment had taken her by surprise.

"Not really. C'mon, you haven't forgotten that we did everything but munch each other?"

"Yeah, but we were kids. We were still learning about our own bodies."

"Geez, you sound like a 'sex ed' video. What's next, a banana and a condom?"

"Maybe for you. I prefer something more fleshy. Plus, Dylan's bigger than that."

"Really? I mean, how big was he?"

"So big. I mean, the first time, I didn't think it would fit. Every time it felt like he split me in half."

"Wow, I'm getting wet just talking about it. How much could you take in your mouth?"

"I did my best, but I was still a couple inches short."

"Oh man, I have to try that. I've never touched one that big."

"Get in line. Emily and I have dibs."

"Oh I'm sure. But we're friends. And friends share."

"You mean like a threesome?"

Kate shrugged, but Lisa caught her checking her out. 

Lisa smiled at her friend, feeling herself get moist and her nipples harden a little bit.

"Ok Kate. The next time Dylan's home, you're on."

"You mean I can fuck him."

"No. You can fuck us."

Lisa stood up and leered over her friend. Kate looked up at her friend, unsure of her intentions. Lisa reached down and flicked a piece of hair behind Kate's ear. Her hand didn't retract though, and instead cupped Kate's head, pulling her slightly forward as she leaned down and met her with a kiss.

Kate quickly warmed to Lisa's advance, and melted in her embrace. She pulled Lisa down onto her lap, and due to their difference in heights, they sat almost eye-to-eye.

Their mouths worked each other over, breaking their lip lock only to breathe. They continued to make out, their arms locked around each other, running through their partner's hair and down their partially bare back.

After several minutes Lisa finally broke their embrace. She sat back a little, still balancing on her friend's lap, and reached down for the hem of her tank top. She pulled it up over her head now, exposing her massive melons mere millimeters from Kate's face.

Kate leaned into Lisa, kissing around the periphery of her chest before finally centering her intentions on Lisa's long nipples. She sucked them in like mini-cocks, while Lisa's fingers roamed through Kate's black locks.

Kate added her fingers to the action now, pinching the nipple that she wasn't sucking, and feeling the weight of Lisa's breast in her hand. She pulled back for a second and took a deep breath.

"Wow Lisa, I knew you were stacked, but these are huge."

"I know, Dylan loved to titty-fuck them. Ever done that?"

"Yeah right. I barely have enough to cup."

"But I bet you have more than enough to suck!" Lisa pulled Kate's shirt up over her head now, exposing the Filipina's tiny A-cups. She pushed Kate back and dug into her tiny tits, making circles with her tongue around Kate's aureoles before she began to suck a nipple.

Kate grabbed the back of Lisa's head and pulled her in. Her friend's mouth now feeding at her mammary, Kate's hand began to roam down Lisa's pale back. She soon was rubbing at the edge of Lisa's shorts, her finger lightly sliding under the elastic band. 

Without fully releasing Kate's nipple, Lisa spoke up:

"If you want them off, just ask." Her words were jumbled though, by the flesh clinched in her lips.

Kate giggled at Lisa's attempt to communicate, and then pushed her friend off her lap, hearing her nipple 'pop' out of the redhead's mouth. She stood Lisa up, and started to kiss her stomach as she slowly pulled Lisa's shorts off, exposing the tiny g-string beneath. That she grabbed beneath her teeth, then slipped her fingers underneath, rubbing her palms down Lisa's legs as she removed her last vestige of clothing.

Her friend now naked, Kate sat back, taking a look at a pussy she hadn't looked at in several years, since their 'experiments' had ended.

"Mmm Lisa, you shave too."

"Uh huh. It feels so good and smooth."

"I know. I love just running my finger over it."

"Like this?" Lisa slowly ran her finger down her own slit, showing her moist insides to Kate.

Kate nodded, feeling the faucet in her own pussy turn on. As Lisa continued to run her finger up and down her slit, Kate arched her back and slipped her own shorts and thong off, exposing her smooth, golden skin.

Lisa watched her with a half-smile, half-moaning face. Her other hand had gone to her own breast, and she fondled it, showing Kate its weight.

Kate spread her legs way out now, stretching her pussy out. Lisa could already see her wetness, and as Kate reached down and split her lips with her fingers, Lisa smiled and did the same.

"I remember the first time we did this." Lisa spoke slowly.

"We were up in your room, and we'd just practiced kissing for the umpteenth time, when you asked me if I'd ever touched myself. I had, and you asked me to show you.

I really had only touched myself once or twice, but I'd spied on Emily too, and so I mimicked her routine.

I loved the feel of rubbing my clit with my thumb, just like this. And then I slipped two fingers into myself, because that's all I could fit.

You watched me, enraptured, and then started to mimic what I was doing. I remember how I was so jealous of your long legs, and how little hair you had on your pussy. But I also remember you staring at my chest, and how I would stroke my nipple just because I could tell you liked it."

Kate had been masturbating the whole time her best friend spoke, and she was nearing orgasm now. Lisa had slowed herself down, but still continued to flick her bean as she spoke.

"I remember watching you cum for the first time, your face a mask of surprise as your pussy spasmed with pleasure. You fell asleep right afterwards, your legs still covered with your wetness. My room didn't smell right for days."

As Lisa finished, she watched her friend close her legs around her hands, cooing through her orgasm. As she came down, Lisa knelt in front of her, and spread Kate's legs open again. Kate looked down at her with a mix of pleasure and surprise as Lisa pushed her hands out of the way, and started to stroke Kate's pussy.

Lisa head dropped to Kate's knees, and began to kiss up the insides of her thighs. Kate's finger ran through Lisa's hair, enjoying the attention her best friend was giving her pussy.

Soon Lisa's mouth encountered her fingers, and for the first time, she began to perform oral sex on another woman. She was no amateur though, and after only a few minutes, Kate hit her second peak. She cooed again, and as she came down off her second orgasm, she pushed her friend's head away.

"Too...much" she said breathlessly. Lisa smiled up at her, her mouth coated in a shiny layer of Kate's juices.

"What now?" Lisa asked, absently stroking Kate's thigh.

"I return the favor" Kate said huskily. She leaned into Lisa, kissing her and tasting her own musk. She soon had the short redhead pushed onto her back, and snaked her between their nude bodies. Her fingers found Lisa's wet lips, and sunk in, her fingers penetrating her best friend's bald pussy.

Lisa moaned her approval, and Kate began to kiss her neck, then shoulder, then down her body, bypassing her chest. As she reached Lisa's crotch, she kissed a circle around it, feathery kisses that did nothing but increase Lisa's arousal.

Finally the fiery girl could take no more, and grabbed the back of Kate's head, pulling it to her pussy.

Kate giggled at Lisa's impatience, but complied, her tongue snaking a trail up and down Lisa's lips before penetrating to taste her goodness.

Kate's hand continued to flick Lisa's clit, and the combination of the two finally took Lisa over the edge into her first orgasm of the day.

Kate didn't let up; instead switching her fingers and tongue so that she sucked on Lisa's clit as her fingers drove deep into Lisa's box.

Lisa rolled through her first orgasm, and as she came down, she grabbed her own tits, squeezing and plucking as her golden lover increased her efforts at bringing Lisa pleasure.

Kate's efforts were rewarded, and it was only three or four minutes after Lisa's first orgasm that her second hit. This one was bigger, and Kate had to back off for fear of having her head crushed by Lisa's thighs.

Lisa rode her cloud of pleasure for several minutes, before finally coming down and rolling onto her side, breathless. Kate moved up and lay next to her, stroking her friend's hair.

"That was fantastic, Kate. Are you sure you've never done that before?"

Kate shook her head, her mouth sore from the workout she had given Lisa.

"Well, you're a quick learner. I've never cum that fast from oral before."

Kate smiled back, and they wrapped their arms around each other before dozing off.

Luckily for them, the phone rang before Lisa's parents got home, or they would have had some serious explaining to do.

Lisa picked up drowsily.

"Hello?"

"Hey sis. It's your favorite brother calling to check up on you."

"Hi Dylan. Guess what I was just doing?"