 I thought I’d tell you one of my fantasies about a couple of my girlfriends. 

The fun begins when we are out in a bar having a girls night out with a few of friends. The bar is kinda quiet and we are sitting getting tipsy in a little booth. Megan knows that I have been sleeping with her friend Karen but she seems cool about the whole Bi thing even though I know that she has never tried it, or even shown any interest in getting involved in that kinda thing, well according to Karen. 

It is a bit of a quiet night and the lack of male talent is driving Megan a crazy. I’m not bothered at all, although I like men, the fact that Karen has already slipped her fingers into my panties under the table has distracted me somewhat. I love playing in public and having my pussy stroked in a bar is making me really wet. I am trying not to squirm too much on my seat and give the game away to Megan or anyone else in the bar.

Megan is kind of bored now and she asks whether we can go home. I don’t mind at all. We all jump in the car, Megan and Sarah in the front Karen and I in the back. We drop off Sarah first and now that we are free to do as we please Karen and I start fooling about on the back seat, kissing, stroking and pinching each other. 

I sneak my hands inside Karen’s top and start to stroke her breasts and pinch her nipples, she moans a little and I’m sure I catch Megan sneak a quick look in the rear view mirror. I decide to really give her something to look at. I know Karen won’t be wearing any panties so I hitch up Karen’s skirt, exposing her trim little pussy, before sinking a finger into her. 

In the mirror I catch Megan taking another sly look. I start to kiss Karen again my tongue exploring her mouth, our tongues interlocked. The most exciting this is I know that Megan is watching us, I can feel her gaze upon us as I continue to play with Karen’s pussy. Putting on a show for Megan like this is making me really wet and as I remove my fingers from Karen’s sticky pussy and start to lick them clean I see Megan watching me in the mirror. 

All too soon we are back at my place. ‘Ok you two’ says Megan ‘time to get out’. As Karen is getting out I suddenly turn to Megan and say ‘look I saw you watching us in the mirror tonight, how would you like to join us?’ and before she has gained her composure to reply I have grabbed her hand and dragged her into the house.

We all tumble into the house giggling, Karen and I quickly drag Megan into the bedroom. We throw her onto the bed and while she is feebly saying ‘No, stop’ her body language and eyes are saying yes please. 

Soon we are peeling off her clothes; off comes her shirt and skirt and as I strip off her panties I notice they are already damp. Megan is now laying spread on my bed and Karen and I leap on her devouring her sensuous body. We are kissing and stroking her, exploring her body, our hot mouths and tongues all over her curvy body. 

Karen continues kissing her passionately; their mouths open, exploring each other. Then Karen is gently biting Megan’s lip and kissing her neck, shoulders and ears; blazing hot wet kisses over her soft, warm, sensitive skin. Megan is murmuring and her face is flushed with pleasure as Karen starts to stroke and pinch her swelling nipples. 

I kiss Megan’s hot body; she is all curvy and soft just how I like my women. I begin to lick and kiss her hips planting kisses all over her sensitive skin. I kiss the inside of her thighs and I hear her moan loudly into Karen’s mouth, their mouths still locked in a hungry and passionate kiss. Now i move on to gently kiss around Megan’s pussy, it is already moist and her sweet aroma films my nostrils. 

I love the smell of pussy and I am desperate to taste her. I flick out my tongue and take an exploratory lick and am pleased to find that she tastes as sweet as she smells. I spread her legs and begin to lick her clit, which swells nicely to my touch. Next I envelop her clit with my mouth and begin to swirl my tongue around it – driving her crazy. I start to lick her pussy tasting her sweetness, eating her, licking her, probing her tight sweet hole with my tongue. Soon I have slipped a finger into her dripping pussy and am finger-fucking her while I suck and lick her swollen clit.

I suddenly notice that Karen has rolled off the bed and has been busy finding and putting on my strap-on cock. I remove my fingers from Megan’s pussy and watch excitedly while Karen positions Megan on her hands and knees before she slides the rubber cock into her pussy. Megan’s pussy is so wet that it swallows the cock easily. 

It is so hot watching Megan’s hot pussy swallow up that big rubber cock and hearing her moan deeply with pleasure. I feel my pussy quiver and I start to stroke my clit. ‘Hey Megan’ Karen says ‘I think Charlotte needs some help.’ ‘Oh sorry baby’ says Megan suddenly losing all her inhibitions ‘Get over here so I can taste that pussy of yours’. Now that is an offer I never turn down and soon I am sitting on the bed, Megan between my legs, watching while Karen roughly pounds her pussy. 

I feel Megan’s hot breath on my shaved pussy and feel my clit swell and stiffen a little more. She starts to plant delicate kisses over my pussy before gently licking my clit. I murmur softly as she starts to kiss and lick my pussy, her tongue dancing over my clit for a while before probing my snatch, her tongue delving into every fold of my now soaking pussy. I love getting my pussy eaten and I grab Megan’s hair, forcing her tongue deeper inside me, grinding my clit against her. I can feel my orgasm upon me and my pussy is dripping already, she is lapping up my juices like the cat that got the cream. 

Karen is still busy fucking Megan’s pussy, and I hear Megan start to murmur that she is going to cum. She starts to quiver and moan into my pussy, her mouth vibrating on my hot little clit, which makes me crazy wild. 

I start to moan a little myself, biting my lip so as to stifle my squeals of pleasure. Megan starts to buck and flail a little as her orgasm takes hold. Her moaning makes me so excited and as she feels me start to quiver Megan suddenly shoves a sticky finger into my ass. The shock sends me right over the edge and I feel my body start to quake before my cum gushes out all over her face and down my thighs. Megan and I collapse in heap of pleasure; warm feelings washing over my body my pussy throbbing and twitching contentedly.

Karen removes the strap-on from Megan’s spent pussy, rolls her over and licks the remainder of my cum off Megan’s face before kissing me deeply so that I can taste myself on her tongue. I slip the strap-on off of Karen and this time I take it. 

I make Karen get on her hands and knees too, just how I know she likes it and using the cock which is still wet with Megan’s cum start to fuck her beautiful pussy. I start with long slow strokes, teasing her, letting her feel the full length of the cock. I then procede to build up a little rhythm and soon Karen is gasping with pleasure. 

Then on the bedside table I notice the piece-de-resistance, my anal beads. I motion for Megan to hand them to me. Still fucking Karen I put the beads into my mouth to get them nice and wet with saliva. I feel Karen’s pussy shiver as she feels the first wet bead placed between her cheeks ‘oh yeah baby do it' she cries, and with that I press the first one into her ass – pushing it past her tight opening and sliding it deep with my finger.

Within seconds I have pressed the second, third, fourth and final beads in, her ass relaxing to swallow them. Karen is moaning loudly now, gasping as I pound her pussy while feeling the sensation of the beads deep in her hot, dark ass. She starts to thrash around, her orgasm taking over and as she starts to buck and push back hard on the rubber cock. As she does so I rip the beads from her ass. She screams loudly as a wave of pleasure and pain shoots through her body and I feel her pussy squirt sticky cum all over my rubber cock and down my thighs.

We spend the rest of the evening playing with each other and exploring each other’s bodies but I will save that story for another day.