 I was bare and laying on my bed. My pussy was on fire. I had to sit back to make room for all of the throbbing that was felt. My legs were spread wide open. Heat gathered in my thighs and loins. I felt something dribble from inside my pussy to all the way in between my ass cheeks. My nipples got hard, so I grabbed one. Rolling my nip in my finger tips, I longed for a cock to be shoved up my wet, hot pussy. The feeling was pulsating through me, but I refused to rub my little clit. I was still rolling my nipple around when I threw my head back to look at the ceiling. I closed my eyes, used my free hand to start rolling my other nip, and I moaned hard and long, rocking back and forth. I knew how much I wanted it. My pussy wanted to clench onto a nice thick dick. It begged it. 

In and out, and in and out, and in and out. 

But there was nothing except for a hot, steamy mess. Closing my eyes, I sucked on my finger tip. I could feel more juices dribble out of my cunt. I couldn't help but to start rolling my nip again, just imagining that it was my clit.

That's when the door was slammed shut.

Startled and interrupted, I yelped, jerked my legs closed, and sat up. I grabbed the nearest pillow to cover myself.

"Oh God," I thought, "Someone just caught me masturbating. This is embarrassing." Our eyes met, and a few seconds passed by. "Um, can I help you?" I said, now slightly frustrated with her just standing there.

She was a brunette, just like me, and she was wearing a loose tee and shorts. I noticed her belt buckle was already undone. 

She stammered, "Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt anything- I just," She walked forward two paces, hesitantly, "I," she paused, "I couldn't keep watching."

I put the pillow down. My breasts sticking out. My nipples harder than ever. I could feel that throbbing feeling in my loins again. I was getting hot. Visions of her licking my nipples started filling my head.

I grabbed my nips and rolled them violently in my finger tips as I made my way to the edge of the bed. She took her shirt off and approached me. 

Enough was enough.

I grabbed her and brought her up onto the bed. I threw her down, so she was laying on her back. She spread her legs wide apart: her shorts still on. I saw her little undies through the bottom of her shorts. She had her finger in her mouth, sucking on it while giving me a devilish stare. Her stomach was nice and toned, and it appeared so smooth: free of any flaws. I wanted to lick it. Then I wanted to fuck her. I moved her shorts and undies to the side. Her dripping vagina exposed. I shoved my finger straight up there. Right away her tiny little pussy clamped up. I heard a gasp from her. I kissed her little clit, and she let out a soft moan. I shoved another finger inside and started finger fucking her wet pussy real hard. I knew she wanted it because her pussy was so tight. As my fingers were sliding in and out, I stuck my wet, warm tongue against her little clit, and she moaned even louder. I started licking her pussy hard. She was moaning so loud. 

"Oh baby, fuck me!" she'd yell. "Oh, right there! Oh!"

She was burning. She was dripping. She was throbbing, just like me.

I told her, "You're going to fuck me hard, and that's how you'll cum, you little whore."

I grabbed a hold of her shorts and pulled them off with her underwear as she took off her bra.

Out of nowhere I was thrown down onto the bed, and she mounted me in the scissoring position. She had a good hold on me then started humping the shit out of my clit.

"Is this what you want, you slut? Huh?"

She started fucking me even harder. "Huh?!"

"Yeess.." I moaned. Eyes closed, back arched, fingers rolling my nipples.

Moans and groans were thrown about loud and clear. Sharp "UH's" and long, drawn out "Oooooh's" weren't uncommon either. Two steamy brunettes just clit fucking the hell out of each other. 

"Oh, oh, oh, OH, OH, OH.." Right before my orgasm I threw her off. "I'm so close, baby."

"Me too, you fucker!" She was trying to mount me again. She was so horny. Then she was rubbing her clit against mine again. 

"No, wait!" I tried to say, but she was still riding me hard. I was so close. 

Her eyes were closed, her jaw clenched shut. "Euhh, euhh, euhh, OH, OH.." She was just trying to cum as fast as possible. 

I loved watching her tits bounce with each motion. It was so hot. I took two fingers and shoved them up her dripping pussy from behind. She screamed hard, but I knew her pussy wanted something to clench onto. I knew she wanted it, and I was right. Two seconds later she was moaning loud and long. 

"Euuuuuuooooooooohhhhhhhh, oooooooooooh yeeahhhhhhh, uh huh! uh HUH! UH HUH!" 

We were rubbing pussies and my fingers were deep inside her. She was still moaning, so I jumped up on her and started pussy fucking her again. I grabbed one of her tits, started sucking on her nipple hard as fuck, and rubbed her pussy with my pussy even harder. Back and forth, back and forth, BACK AND FORTH, BACK AND FORTH, BACK AND FORTH! She returned the favor and stuck two fingers up my pussy and.. 

"EUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH!!" My pussy clamped up onto those fingers so fucking tight, and I savored every moment her fingers slid in and out of my pussy. Oh fuck me, it felt so good.

Before I was done cumming she threw me off of her and started fucking my pussy again...