 Thru-hiking the Appalachian Trail: Hiawassee, GA

Four hikers spend a couple of nights in a hotel in Hiawassee and become a sisterhood

Stacey thru-hiked the Appalachian Trail last year. She needed the time to herself. She needed to do something significant, something that defined her. Her job was a job. Her activities were squeezed into the time that she had available after her job. 

She had divorced her husband of 5 years two years ago. She hadn't been satisfied in her marriage. Her husband wanted children. She was unsure. A divorce seemed to be the right thing to do. The divorce settlement was equitable. She had enough money to live a few years without working as long as she watched her life style. When she realized that she could hike the AT and live off of her investments without touching the principal, the decision was a no-brainer. She had been sharing a furnished apartment with another girl. There were no obstacles. She spent about $1,000 to outfit herself and away she went in March. She expected to be on the Trail for 6 months. She'd hike 2160 miles.

Stacey found the first several weeks of the hike challenging. Physically she was up to it. It was the day-after-day of it to which her body had to adjust. She did not find squatting to pee or poop in the woods a problem. She had realized quickly that a bare backside looked the same, male or female. She was warned, though, about using leaves to clean her bottom. There were stories about interesting cases of poison ivy. She enjoyed being out on the Trail and sleeping in a tent.

She stopped to re-supply in Hiawassee. As she was food shopping she ran into 3 fellow thru-hikers, young women about her age. They asked her if she'd be interested in sharing a room with 2 queen beds in the nearby hotel. The hotel had a pool and a sauna. They were planning to take a zero day tomorrow. Stacey had planned only to stay the night in the local hiker hostel and be on her way in the morning. Now she'd spend 2 nights. With the four of them sharing a room it would not cost that much more than for her staying a night in the hostel. There was the pool and a sauna to be enjoyed. She eagerly accepted the offer.

That night, Stacey shared the bed with Laura. Stacey found Laura nice enough. They nestled into their respective sides of the bed and fell off to sleep quickly. Sometime during the night, Stacey awoke and realized she was spooning Laura. She had always enjoyed sharing her bed with her ex-husband and their spooning one another. She quickly moved back and turned away onto her other side.

When she awoke next she felt Laura spooning her. Laura's hand was lightly grasping her breast. At first, she didn't know what to do. She quickly realized, though, that she liked it. It had been a long time since she felt so relaxed and so intimate with another person. She mewed quietly and backed into Laura. She was surprised when she felt Laura respond with a light kiss to the nape of her neck and grasp her breast more firmly. She mewed again this time a little louder. They lay together like that for a few minutes before Laura removed her hand from Stacey's breast and began caressing her over her t-shirt.

Laura explored. She moved her hand leisurely, lightly back and forth over Stacey's breasts stopping at each nipple to circle it with her fingers and twitch it. She nuzzled her mouth close to Stacey's neck and breathed heavily, warmly onto it. When she felt Stacey's nipples harden she extended the roaming range of her hand, up to Stacey's neck and shoulders, down around her stomach and lower abdomen to her crotch, returning often to keep Stacey's nipples hard. She did is leisurely and lightly. There was no rush. There was no end game objective. Things would unfold as they would.

Laura listened to Stacey's breathing. She knew it was time to go further when Stacey began quietly murmuring. As she moved her hand upward after she next caressed Stacey's crotch, she moved it up under Stacey's t-shirt. She softly caressed her stomach, skin-on-skin. She felt Stacey tremble. When she finally moved her hand to cup Stacey's breast and play with her nipple, she heard Stacey gasp. She was pleased. Her hand continued to roam over Stacey's chest stopping for a while when her fingers passed over a nipple. A little squeeze. A little pulling. She felt Stacey tremble every time. She liked the effect that she was having on Stacey.

When Laura felt that Stacey had enough breast play she moved her hand down, this time under Stacey's sleeping shorts, to rest directly on her pussy. Stacey kept her pubes cut short. Laura immediately felt her wetness. She drew her middle finger softly and slowly up through Stacey's labia. When she reached Stacey's clit, she heard Stacey take a big inhale. She played with Stacey's clit every so often taking her finger to circle her nerve sheath. When she felt Stacey push into her finger, Laura knew it was time to take her over the edge.

Laura moved her hand up, hooked her fingers under the waistband of Stacey's shorts and began pulling them down. Stacey helped. She raised her butt and help push the shorts down, kicking them off when they were low enough. Stacey helped when Laura remove her t-shirt. Laura sensed Stacey's needs. When Stacey settled back down on the bed, she was laying more on her back; Laura was on her side, lying against Stacey. 

Laura leaned down and took Stacey's nipple into her mouth and began lathering it with her tongue, sucking it with her lips and biting it softly with her teeth. She returned her hand to Stacey's pussy where she again began to stimulate Stacey's clit and nerve sheath. 

Stacey began murmuring more loudly. Laura became aware that the other two girls in the other bed were awake and watching them. That made it sweeter for Laura. 

Stacey was in her own world. Laura wanted to keep her there. Laura maintained her focus upon Stacey's clit until she orgasmed. When she did, Laura stopped but did not remove her fingers. She kept them still. She listened to Stacey's breathing. When Laura recognized that Stacey had settled down a bit, Laura would gently touch Stacey's clit which would bring her to another smaller orgasm. Laura was able to do this a few times before Stacey was spent.

Laura drew Stacey into her arms and held her tightly. A few minutes passed before "life" returned to Stacey.

Stacey rose a bit, pushed Laura onto her back and moved up to give Laura a wetly passionate kiss. While their lips remained locked together, Stacey caressed Laura's body from neck to crotch. Then Stacey rose onto her knees and pulled Laura's t-shirt up and off. Stacey then scooted down and removed Laura's sleeping shorts. Stacey kneeled there appreciating all that her eyes fell upon. Laura was watching her and smiling. 

Then still kneeling, Stacey scooted up and began raining kisses on Laura's face before moving her head lower to Laura's neck and upper chest. What she didn't kiss, she lightly licked. She "honored" Laura's nipples. She continued downward. When she got to Laura's pussy she positioned herself between Laura's thighs, holding Laura's knees up and out. She leaned in and licked Laura's pussy. Stacey liked it when her ex would lick her pussy. She knew what she liked. She'd do it to Laura. 

Apparently, Laura liked it too. She pushed her pussy against Stacey's mouth to get all that she could from Stacey. 

When Laura orgasmed, Stacey did to her with her tongue what Laura and done to her with her finger. She was able to maintain Laura in an orgasmic state for a few minutes.

Laura pulled Stacey up and they kissed. They held one another. Laura had seen the two other girls, Heather and Tess, in the other bed, watching them. Tess was masturbating now as she watched. Heather was just fondling herself. 

As Laura and Stacey laid their holding one another she watched Heather get up and go into the bathroom. She listened intently. When Heather returned to the bedroom, Laura asked, "Do you feel better now?"

Heather blushed. The other three laughed. Then Heather joined them laughing. 

Tess offered, "That was awesome!"

To which Stacey responded, chuckling, "That was better than awesome!"

They all got dressed and went for breakfast. 

They enjoyed breakfast: pancakes, eggs, bacon, hash brown, toast and real coffee. When hiking the AT one needs to intake about 6000 calories a day. It is difficult to carry that much food in one's pack between re-supply points every 6 to 7 days. Each had eaten 3000 +calories at breakfast!

The plan for the day was to spend mid-day at the pool followed by time in the sauna to be followed by dinner. They would organize their backpacks afterwards so that they wouldn't have to do so in the morning. They wanted to be back onto the Trail first thing the next morning. The hotel provided a free shuttle to the trailhead at Dick's Creek Gap at 8 am.

The day went as planned. Dinner was taken at a restaurant that offered an all-you-can eat salad bar. One thing that you get to miss when thru-hiking the AT is fresh vegetables. The girls "O.D."ed on fresh veggies.

During the course of the day they had paired off, Laura and Tess, Stacey and Heather. When they were ready for bed it seemed natural that they'd share beds that way. It was obvious that Laura and Tess had a thing for one another. From the questions that Heather had asked Stacey throughout the day, it was obvious to Stacey that Heather was curious but hesitant. Stacey found that arousing.

They called for an early night. Everyone was eager and anticipating the events that they knew were going to unfold. What they did not anticipate was that they would become a "sisterhood".

Stacey recognized that while Heather was interested she was too hesitant to start anything. Stacey knew that she'd have to initiate thing.

Heather got into bed and lay on her back. Stacey got in on the other side and lay on her side facing Heather. She asked softly: "So what is it about girl-girl sex that interests you?" 

Stacey felt that asking an intimate question would cause Heather to turn to face her, moving to lie on her side too. It worked. 

Heather explained: "So far, my girl-boy sexual experiences have left me wanting. I felt that there had to be something more. When I listened to you and Laura last night and when I could see what you were doing I felt something inside of me. It warmed me." 

"Like what?" Stacey asked.

As Heather started to describe what impressed her, Stacey reached out with the tips of her fingers and started tracing patterns on Heather's face and arm, moving to her chest and breasts. Stacey knew it was having an effect as, from time to time, Heather lost focus in her telling. Heather did not attempt to stop Stacey explorations. Heather didn't stop Stacey when Stacey's hand slipped under her t-shirt and brought it up to tease her nipples, skin-on-skin. 

Stacey continued to ask Heather about what she liked best about what she had seen and why. She moved closer to Heather so that she could position her hand to cup Heather's breast. When Stacey did, Heather stopped talking. Stacey moved her face closer to Heather. She started kissing Heather's lips softly. Quickly the passion of the kissing escalated. Heather had a need that was surfacing quickly.

Stacey brought her into a hug and kissed her passionately. They kissed, playfully, passionately, sensually and teasingly. Stacey moved her hands down and pulled Heather's t-shirt up and over her head. She removed her own t-shirt. She hugged Heather again but not as tightly. She teased Heather's breasts and nipples by dragging her breasts and nipples across Heather's, kissing her from time to time.

When Heather took over the rubbing, Stacey dropped her hand to Heather's crotch and began fondling it. Heather moved and opened a leg wider to give Stacey easier access. Stacey sneaked her hand under the crotch of Heather's shots to fondle her pussy directly. She felt Heather tremble. "This was most likely the first time that Heather had another woman touch her pussy sexually", she thought.

Heather was excited. Stacey could feel it in her wetness. 

"May I take your shorts off?" Stacey asked.

"Please," squeaked Heather.

Stacey pulled Heather's shorts down and off. She removed her own. 

She crawled back to Heather, took her in her arms and held her, breasts-to-breasts, mons-to-mons. She ground her mound softly into Heather. Heather mewed her pleasure.

Stacey parted a bit. She took Heather's hand brought it to her breast. She held Heather's hand there before gently moving the hand around her breast and nipple. As she felt Heather take more control moving her own hand, Stacey lightened her touch until she eventually removed her hand completely.

"Explore," she whispered to Heather. 

Heather did. This was the first time that Heater touched another woman's breast sexually. It awakened feeling in her. They were feeling that she liked.

When Stacey sensed that Heather had explored all that was worthwhile with her breasts she again took Heather's hand and brought it to her pussy, again holding it there, and then moving it around until Heather took control. 

Again Stacey whispered "explore". 

And again, Heather did just that.

When Stacey sensed that Heather had explored her pussy enough she pushed Heather onto her back and proceeded to kiss her. Her objective was to introduce Heather to the best of girl-girl sex that she knew how.

Stacey began with kisses. Teasing kisses. Playful kisses. Prolonged kisses. Open mouthed kisses. Wet sloppy kisses. Kisses with tongue, just the tip, the whole tongue, dueling tongues. Heather lost herself in the kissing. When Stacey began to move to her neck, Heather sought out more kisses. Stacey, though, had her game plan. 

She began kissing and licking Heather's neck, her ears, the tip of her nose, her eyes lids. Stacey lightly bit her chin. She'd kiss her lips every now and then to keep Heather totally involved.

From her neck Stacey moved to her breasts and nipples. It didn't take much to get Heather thrusting up her breasts to make fuller contact with Stacey's mouth and tongue. Stacey "played" Heather's breasts wonderfully.

From Heather's nipples, Stacey traced her tongue down to Heather's bellybutton. It was an innie. Heather trembled as Stacey tongued it. Heather thought it was so erotic. Unconsciously, she raised her groin up like it was searching for attention. She knew where all of this was going. She was anticipating. She was curious. She was eager.

Stacey used her tongue to trace a path from Heather's bellybutton to her pussy. When she reached the bottom she pushed her tongue in between Heather's labia and drew it up pressing in the tip and flat of the tongue as deeply as possible. When she touched Heather's clit, Heather exploded in orgasm. She was that primed. 

Stacey was pleased. Now she could proceed more deliberately. She waited until Heather settled down before continuing.

Stacey ran her tongue around Heather's clitoral nerve sheath and then licked her clit. She ran her tongue down and up and around and on. Heather was squirming. Stacey rotated the palm of her hand up and inserted her middle finger slowly into Heather's vagina. Curving it upward she grazed Heather's G-spot. Heather mewed. 

Stacey continued alternating with her tongue and finger When Heather orgasmed, Stacey just stopped but didn't move. She stayed still. When she sensed Heather had recovered a bit, she caressed Heather's G-spot with her finger and then circled Heather's nerve sheath and gently played with her clit with her tongue. Heather orgasmed again. Stacey held still again. Stacey was able to keep her there for several orgasms, each a little smaller than the one before. 

Stacey crawled up into Heather's open arms and they kissed slow and easily. They hugged closely each nestling their face into the neck of the other. 

"Thanks. I really liked that", Heather whispered.

"It's your turn now," Stacey responded, "do what you liked the most of what I did."

Heather proceeded. She did OK for a first time. Stacey recognized that she'd improve with experience.

When Stacey orgasmed it was Heather's turn to crawl up into welcoming arms. They held each other tightly on their sides and fell off to sleep, both content.

Stacey was awakened by movement in the bed. She was still hugging Heather. She felt a woman's warm nude body spooning her. When she opened her eyes, she saw Laura spooning Heather. She assumed Tess was spooning her. She pressed her butt back into Tess.

Tess whispered into her ear "I'm seeking a delectable pussy. Laura tells me that yours is delicious. May I find out for myself?"

Stacey saw that Heather was also awake and that Laura was whispering into her ear. Stacey and Heather smiled to one another. 

Stacey said to Heather, "It seems that we have been invited to be the breakfast feast. It sounds good to me." 

"Me too," added Heather smiling broadly.

Stacey and Heather rolled onto their backs. Tess and Laura scooted down to lie between their respective legs. 

This was no seduction. No preliminaries were needed nor wanted. This was pure lust, to lick and be licked. There was a mutual need. Their needs were met. 

When Tess was satisfied she rocked back onto her knees and looked at Stacey. They were smiling appreciatively at one another. Stacey held her arms out to Tess to beckon her forward.

"Come up here and let me taste you," she said.

Tess crawled up and positioned her pussy above Stacey's mouth. She leaned against the headboard. Stacey placed her hands on Tess's hips. She brought Tess' pussy down to her mouth and began savoring it. 

Laura was on her knees watching it all. She had enjoyed licking Heather's pussy. She saw that Stacey's pussy was available and wet. She scooted over and buried her face into Stacey's pussy.

Heather felt left out. She enjoyed having Stacey and Laura lick her pussy. She enjoyed licking Stacey's pussy. She wondered how another pussy would feel against her face and how it would taste. There was one available right there in front of her. She scooted down, moved Laura slightly to make her pussy accessible and "dove" right in. 

Mewing and slurping sounds prevailed. Each was in their own world. There was no urgency. It was all about the moment. The doing.

They did until the alarm interrupted their fun. Time to go. The Trail awaited them.

While Laura and Stacey were showering, Heather took the opportunity to get to know Tess. She had Tess sit in the arm chair and drape her knees over the arms. She kneeled before Tess, and explored her pussy first with her fingers before doing so with her tongue and lips. She liked it. From the appreciative smile on Tess' face, she obviously enjoyed it too. 

They switched positions and enjoyed themselves until it was their time for them to shower and dress.

They all went for breakfast. It was another 3000+ calorie breakfast. They were waiting at the shuttle van at 8. 

As they resumed their hike northbound they were all smiling. They were a sisterhood. They had each tasted the other. Each of them had looked at their guide book and realized that in about a 100 miles they'd be at Fontana Dam. They would be able to share a bedroom at the lodge there without raising any eyebrows. Until then, they would have to be creative. 

They were packing only single person tents. During the day as they hiked and a mutual need arose, two of them would hike off trail to find a suitable spot, out of sight of the Trail, lay down a ground cloth and get "reacquainted", to refresh the taste.

There are many ways to enjoy nature.