 Jenny had just stepped out of the shower when she heard her cell phone. She quickly slipped into her pink robe having barely enough time to tie the sash. She answered on the fifth ring, "Hi Ian, what's up? I wasn't expecting your call tonight."

"Hey Jenny. Bad news. Things here are more fucked up than I expected. There is bureaucratic chaos here. I'm bummed that I won't be able to come to the City tomorrow. I was looking forward to our dinner date at that Asian Fusion place you rave about."

"Oh no, what's up?" quizzed Jenny.

"Sometimes working for the government sucks. The clichés are true. We are a jumbled hot steaming pile. But never mind that. Sorry for the late notice."

"Yeah, I was really looking forward to seeing you again. We know each other so, how should I say it, intimately. I was looking forward spending a night fully clothed and deep in conversation."

"Me too. Don't get me wrong, the 'intimate' stuff is great... I'm sorry. I didn't even think to ask if I interrupted anything. It's kinda late. I hope I didn't wake you," said Ian.

"No, I just got out of the shower. I'm a night owl. I'll be up till 1 AM."

"Yeah, I'm pretty wound up. I was thinking of going to the bar and ending the day with a good friend of mine, Jack Daniels."

"I'm up for some conversation. Let's spend some quality time now. We're guaranteed not to wind up fooling around like teenagers in heat."

"Okay, I'll grab a beer from the mini fridge, kick up my feet, and learn all those things about you I've been dying to know."

"Okay, you start. What's your first question?"

"All right, I don't even know what you do for a living," said Ian. 

"Well, coincidently, I'm also in the securities industry. I'm an analyst at a boutique investment firm in Midtown. My primary responsibility is the Casino and Gaming Industry. I used to be a generalist and wrote about the consumer discretionary sector. But our firm is expanding and I was recently assigned my own industry."

"Cool, Vegas..." interjected Ian. 

"I've never even been to Vegas. Can you believe it? I've got a trip planned for some time in June. I'll spend a few days at one of the MGM properties, a few days at Wynn, Las Vegas Sands and one of the Harrah's properties. It should be a lot of work," said Jenny.

"Yeah, a lot of work? In Vegas? Right! Try selling that somewhere else. I've been to Vegas, you'll be busy, but it won't be with work."

"We'll see, I've got a lot of fundamental analysis to do before I get there. I've got meetings scheduled every day during my visit. Maybe I'll have time for the pool."

"Time for the pool, time for clubbing, time for gambling, you'll have the time of your life," said Ian jokingly.

"I'll fly out on a Monday. Maybe you can meet me on the weekend."

"If that's an invitation, count me in. I hope like hell this investigation wraps up quickly." Ian continued, "Too bad we work on opposing teams. A lot of people consider us the bad guys. But that's not fair. My job is not to stop people from making money. My job is to find and prosecute crooks."

"We're not on opposite sides, or at least we shouldn't be. Madoff's Ponzi scheme gave the entire industry a huge black eye. We find it more difficult to do business with the bad guys running around. The financial crisis, Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers, hedge fund blowups, criminal bankers, and now, the Flash Crash. We need you guys to restore some order," pleaded Jenny.

"Madoff was bad for your business, but he was great for mine. Our budgets and staffs have been increased. There is a mandate from Congress, from the public, and as you know, from the financial industry, to eliminate fraud and make the system accountable and fair."

"Yeah," said Jenny in an uninterested tone.

"You're right, enough business," said Ian with a deep exhale. "Let's talk about you. Where are you from? Where did you go to school? Family, friends..."

Jenny had been contemplating this moment for quite a while. She knew that she had to be truthful enough so as not to get tripped up in a lie later on. But the truth? "I'm from upstate New York, went to school in Pittsburgh, and my family and friends are the most important thing to me."

Jenny spent the next forty-five minutes telling Ian about her childhood, her dreams, her accomplishments and failures. Ian was a good listener and nodded to himself and agreed often. Jenny's openness encouraged Ian to reveal himself completely. By midnight, Jenny knew Ian as if she'd known him from childhood. His guard was down and he found himself uncharacteristically candid.

"Wow, it's amazing how much we have in common. I'm glad we had a chance to do this," said Ian. "It's like I've known you my entire life."

Jenny grinned to herself. She was pleased that Ian thought he knew the real Jennifer DeBeaux. She heard keys rattling, high heels clicking on the hardwood floors and knew it was Emily returning home from a night of partying.

"Hi, are you home?" hollered Emily.

"I'm in here," replied Jenny.

Emily appeared in the bedroom doorway obviously drunk and giddy. "Hey baby, whatz up? Oh sorry, I didn't know you were on the phone."

Speaking to both Emily and Ian she said, "I'm talking to Ian, you remember that guy who slept over Monday night."

"Put him on speakerphone so I can say good night," yelled Emily.

"Ian, you're on speakerphone. Say good night to Emily."

"Hi Emily. Good night."

"Hey lover boy, you coming over tonight?"

"No," said Ian. "I'm stuck in Washington for the weekend."

"Too bad, your girlfriend is looking lonely."

"Oh yeah. I'd rather be there than here," complained Ian.

"She's reclining on the bed looking very comfy in her pink silky robe. Let me describe the scene for you so that you really know what you're missing. You were probably going to rent one of those hotel porn movies tonight, jerk off and go to bed. I'll give you a better image for your fantasies."

"O... Okay," stammered Ian.

"Close your eyes honey and picture this. Like I said, Jenny's reclining on her king-size bed and her robe is loosely tied. I can see the curve of her boobs and her nips are looking for an escape route. She has a funny smile on her face. She's enjoying the attention and her thoughts are running wild."

"She must've been in the shower when you called, because her legs are freshly shaven and silky smooth. I wonder what else is freshly polished. We'll see in a minute, I hope!"

"Jenny is wearing an early summer suntan. Her toenails are manicured pink. She looks like she just returned from the spa."

"Jenny works out, but her body still has the soft curves that I love," said Emily in her completely sexy voice. "She's slowly untying the knot that's holding her robe closed. Oh... Wow... M M M."

"Her boobs are staring straight at me, her nipples are hardening before my eyes. They are so succulent and full; everyone lusts for them. She's running her fingertips over them and playfully pulling her nipples. Her right hand is moving past her belly button and she's destined for her cleanly shaven pussy. I hope she takes a moment and indulges in her sweet nectar."

"Ian darling, are you still there?" said Emily seductively. "I want you to unzip your fly and remove that big dick of yours. It's not fair that the two of us girls are the only ones that are going to get off tonight."

"Yes ma'am," snapped Ian.

"I'm getting horny," whined Emily. "I'm unbuttoning my blouse. Ian, I'm going to set the phone down so that I have both hands free. Okay... That's better... I'm unzipping my skirt and letting it fall to the ground."

"I'm standing in front of your girlfriend wearing my lacy bra and panties. Her eyes are transfixed on me and her middle finger is pressing gently on her slit. She is silently willing me toward her. She wants to ravish me. But I'll resist for a moment longer and enjoy seeing her fingers knuckle deep."

"I've removed my bra and am slowly sliding off my panties. My tits are smaller than Jenny's, but I don't think she minds. I'm desperate for her to kiss and suckle them. My pussy is feeling ooey and gooey. I want to touch it."

"Ian, I bet you have a raging hard on. Imagine that you're getting ready to fuck Jenny. Better yet, imagine that I'm getting ready to fuck her."

"I'm now pressed against her. Our boobs are touching and I'm going to give her an open mouth kiss and our tongues will dart between us. She is so warm and lush."

"Ian," whispered Emily, "she staring into my eyes and sucking my tits. Jenny's now moving her palm over my swollen clitoris and her fingers are inside me. It feels so fucking good!"

"I'm going to go-down on her and suck her clit, and finger-fuck her until she orgasms."

The phone line is silent except for moans of love. Ian is pumping his cock up and down and he can feel his semen rising. He's holding off because he has a feeling there's more to come.

"Ian, don't come yet," ordered Emily. "Jenny is reaching toward the nightstand, oh my God, look at that. It's an 18 inch long purple translucent double headed dildo. This should be fun."

"We're now sitting across from each other with our legs spread. I am easing the dildo into me. Jenny is touching herself, patiently waiting for her turn. Her hair is ruffled, her body is glistening; she is beautiful!"

"Ian, we are scissored between each other. I'm holding Jenny's end of the dildo and she's holding my end, and we are fucking each other and rubbing ourselves toward orgasm. I'm so god damn close... Oh Oh." Waves of pleasure crashed over them.

"Ian, come for us, please come for us. Dump your load on your muscled abs," begged Emily. The unspoken grunts conveyed clearly.

Emily took a deep inhale and slowly exhaled. She and Jenny leaned toward one another and kissed sensually. They untangled, laughing and falling off each other. "Good night - Ian, said Emily. 

"Good night - Ian," said Jenny." I'll call you next week."

Emily disconnected the call, wrapped her arms around Jenny, and the roommates fell asleep satiated.