 (This is a continuing story of my escapades with Shauna. We have become fast friends and we brought my best friend Robin over for the weekend. The story is broken down into days. It's long, but then, so was the weekend.)

Day 1

"I'm just getting ready to board my flight to Springfield. I should be there in about three hours." "I can't wait to see you again."

"I'll be there waiting."

My heart began beating faster as we talked. It had only been a short time since we'd met in Las Vegas, but I was really excited Shauna was coming to visit. I could feel my pussy began to melt, just hearing her voice.

After we hung up, I quickly jumped in the shower before I had to drive to the airport. The whole time, all I could think about was having the whole weekend to play. No yard work, no housework, just Shauna, at least for two days. Robin was still planning to come over Saturday. 

As I showered, my fingers found their way to my mound. I lathered it slowly, working my way around my vagina, teasing my lips as I passed over them. I leaned back against the wall and let the water pulse across my breasts. My hands now were working my swollen lips back and forth, causing them to swell even more. I began to circle my clit, pulling on it with my thumb and index finger, finally giving in and stroking it like a cock as it began to distend to full erection. I slowly jacked myself off, climaxing quickly and nearly losing my balance. 

After rinsing off the remainder of the soap, I got out and dried off, at least the parts I could get dry. I went to my closet and put on a short sundress that has a matching pair of panties. As I pulled the panties on I thought, "These will be soaked by the time I get to the airport." 

I smiled to myself and left them on. At least nothing will be running down my leg when I get there. 

I looked in the mirror and was satisfied I looked good, so I got in the SUV and got on the road to Springfield. I knew I had plenty of time to get there and decided I would stop at the mall for a little quick shopping before heading on to the airport.

I got to the mall and still had an hour to kill before Shauna's plane arrived.

I parked and went in the entrance closest to Victoria's Secret. As I entered the store, I went right for the sexy teddies. I found just what I was looking for right away. A great silk camisole and tap panties in light pink. I knew Shauna was just a little bigger than me so I bought matching sets and went to pay for them. 

"You know you have two different sizes here, don't you?"

"One set is for me and one set is for my friend," I blushed.

She just smiled and blushed a little also, saying, "I'm sure she'll look good in it, too!"

I grabbed the bag and decided to head to the airport. While driving, I kept thinking about the fun we had in Vegas, and hoped it would be more of the same. I ran my hand up under my sundress and felt the crotch of my panties.

They were really wet! It was a good thing I decided to keep them on. 

I got to the parking lot and found a spot fairly close to the entrance. I jumped out and ran to the entrance. I couldn't help but notice the looks I was getting from the two policemen by the door. I'm sure they probably got an eyeful as my little dress was pretty short and I'm sure showing a little panty from behind. I guess that's why they match.

I sat down near the security gate and waited for Shauna to arrive. They announced the arrival and I got up and got as close to security as was allowed. A few minutes later I say her come around the corner toward the escalator. She looked beautiful. 

"Down here!"

She saw me and waved. She ran to the escalator and took it down two steps at a time. As soon as she got through the gate, she ran up to me and hugged me tightly. I could feel her nipples pressing into my chest and I'm sure she could feel me return the favor. She kissed me lightly on the neck.

"I've missed you," she whispered.

"Likewise!"

We walked arm in arm to the baggage claim to retrieve her suitcase. The plane had been full, so as luck would have it, we had to wait for what seemed like forever to get it. It finally arrived and we grabbed it and headed to the parking lot.

I threw it in the back and we got in. We were both so excited we had hardly spoken at all. There was a strong tension in the air that was about to be broken. She leaned over to me and held my face. She pressed her lips to mine and gently began snaking her tongue into my open mouth. I absolutely melted into her as her one hand found its way to my breast and began to knead it slowly but forcefully causing my already rock hard nipple to approach bursting. 

There we were, sitting in the parking lot, making out like teenagers. I could not have cared less if someone were to see us, but common sense got the best of me and I slowly turned the key.

"We better get out of here before we get arrested!"

She laughed and agreed. I knew that this would be a great reunion weekend. We still had that connection from the weekend in Vegas. As I pulled out of the parking lot, she ran her hand up my thigh, exposing my panties.

"Aren't they cute?" "And wet, too!" as she ran her fingers over the crotch, forcing the material between my lips.

This of course caused the dampness to increase even more. As I pulled out of the airport and onto the highway, I slid them down below my knees and pulled them off, kicking them onto the floor. 

Shauna picked them up, bringing them to her face, inhaling the aroma of my sex. She turned them inside out and began licking the sticky goo that was coating the crotch. When she was satisfied that they were clean, she ran them back up my thigh and began to rub them back into my glistening pussy. She stuck two fingers inside me still covered with the material and began to finger fuck me very slowly. She teased me for several miles and then withdrew the panties and her fingers and put them back in her mouth, savoring the flavor of my juice.

"I've been wanting more of that since you left," she cooed.

"Me too. You really started me going, and I don't want to stop."

"Is Carl OK with it?"

"He's alright with anything that makes me happy, and right now that's girl sex!" "He even left for the weekend so us girls could have the place to ourselves." 

"You might get to see him Sunday afternoon, but don't count on it."

" OK by me. Is your friend Robin coming over?"

" She'll be here sometime Saturday, but we'll have two days to ourselves." 

Shauna just grinned and unbuttoned her jeans, slowly pulling them to her knees and whined, "Fingerfuck me now!"

I let go of the wheel with my right hand and ran my hand over her mound. She spread her legs to allow me access to her vagina. I ran a finger between her swollen lips and into her canal. She was so wet it made a little sucking sound as I penetrated her. I added a second finger and began to twist them as I pumped in and out of her now sopping hole. My palm rested on her clit as she humped against my probing fingers. Within minutes I felt her contract around my digits as she came.

"I really needed that!" she sighed.

I slowly removed my fingers from her and brought them to my mouth. The sticky, salty sweetness of her nectar inflamed me nearly to the point of cumming behind the wheel. Not a good idea. 

She pulled her jeans back up and rearranged herself a little. She started to mover her hand back to my leg. I stopped her saying, " I can't have you doing that while I'm driving! You want to make it home, don't you?"

She just laughed and agreed. I grabbed my panties and wiped myself again, feeling the moisture trickling down my leg. I handed them back to her with an evil grin.

"Suck on these until we get home. I'll refresh them for you as often as necessary!.

In the next twenty miles I must have stuck them back in my weeping hole a dozen times. Each time she took them back and sucked them clean. Just seeing her do that made me drip all the more.

When we finally pulled through the gate I was ready to get my clothes off and get down to business, but held off, wanting to show her around first. Ranger, our Rottweiler greeted us as we got out. He's just a big teddy bear but loves to lead me around by my arm wherever I go. He immediately took to Shauna and danced around us as we walked to the house.

As we entered, Shauna wrapped her arms around me and gave me a long, deep kiss. Our tongues met somewhere in the middle and we swabbed each others throat for what seemed like an eternity. We finally broke our kiss and I proceeded to show her around.

"Your home is absolutely gorgeous!" I've never been in a log home before.

I always thought they were rustic."

"Not this one. We built it ourselves and wanted to be able to decorate the way we wanted."

As we made our way to the bath, I could tell she liked what she saw. We entered our dressing area and she saw the shower. It has four separate heads and no door, just a glass wall to keep the water in. 

She quickly stripped off her clothes and told me to join her. I didn't hesitate and soon we were lathering each other up, our bodies being used as a washcloth on each other. The heat of the water and our closeness made the shower pretty steamy. We quickly finished rinsing off and grabbed towels to dry each other off. 

I began by drying her breasts and slowly working my way down to her mound. As I knelt on the floor in front of her, I toweled off her legs and brought my face to the junction of her thighs. I dropped the towel and began nuzzling her vagina, slowly parting her lips with my tongue and then snaking it inside. It was really wet and her juices were flowing copiously onto my tongue. 

She held the back of my head gently against her, forcing me to slide my tongue deep inside. I slowly began inching toward her clit, and soon had it sucked into my mouth, swirling my tongue over the shaft. I could feel her knees began to buckle a little as she reached her orgasm, holding my head 

until she stopped spasming.

She finally released her hold on me and I turned her around to finish drying her off. As I began drying the backs of her legs, I could not resist licking the crack of her ass. I parted her cheeks a little and found her puckered hole with the tip of my tongue. She bent over and I began to slowly tongue fuck her ass, darting my tongue in and out, as she rocked back against my face. I reached around and slid a finger into her vagina and kept time with my busy tongue. It wasn't very long and she was getting ready to have another climax. I quickened my pace and, as her vaginal walls clamped down on my finger, I shoved my tongue deep in her ass. I could feel her spasms holding my tongue as she orgasmed.

"Stop! You'll wear me out before lunch!" she screamed.

I just laughed and said, "I thought you wanted that!"

"I did, I did!"

We finished drying off and I got out the two outfits I had bought. I handed one to her and put the other one on.

She put hers on and giggled a little, "Twins?"

"Mirror images I'd say!"

We then continued our tour around the house, stopping in every room so she could see it all. The whole time I could feel my heart pounding with anticipation of the weekend. I sensed our friendship had deepened rapidly, even though we had only spent a few hours together since we met. I suggested we go check out our accommodations for the weekend.

"We're not staying here?"

"I thought you might like to stay in our Guest cabin down in the woods."

"You have a cabin in the woods?"

"It's a perfect little hideaway, and very romantic."

"Let's go!"

We got back in the SUV for the short drive to the cabin, still wearing just our lingerie. As we approached she looked over at me and exclaimed, "Sure is secluded alright."

"Wait until you see the front!"

We walked along the deck to the front of the cabin and as she looked up, the only word she uttered was "Wow!"

As we stepped inside the first thing she noticed was the King-size log bed. She jumped on it and stretched out, spreading her legs wide.

"Perfect for a little tying up!"

"That can certainly be arranged this evening."

I had stocked the cabin with all the necessities for our Girl's weekend, champagne, wine, some breads and cheeses, fruit, and of course all my toys and a dozen DVD's. 

Shauna got off the bed and looked in the refrigerator, grabbing a bottle of champagne.

"See you like the good stuff," She said as she expertly removed the stopper without a sound. She saw the glasses on the table and poured us each one.

"Here's to a great weekend!"

We joined our arms and toasted to what was to come. 

We took our champagne in a bucket and went out on the deck, just enjoying the view and relaxing. She glanced over at the hot tub next to us and asked, "How warm is it?"

"103, just right for a good long soak under the stars."

About that time a squirrel ran across the railing looking for food. He began scolding us as we had invaded his little domain. I went inside and got a strawberry for each of us. I laid one on the railing and he turned around and came back. I fed Shauna's to her and she in turn fed me. The entire scene was very erotic. After finishing his strawberry the squirrel went on his merry way and left us with just the sound of the birds.

"Wait until tonight. The coyotes will sing for us."

"You sure don't get this in Vegas."

"But you do have the nightlife of your own there. I really had a great time.

Of course meeting you was the best."

"Now you're getting mushy!" she chided.

"Can't help it. It's the romantic in me."

We both got up at the same time and went back in. She headed for the Champagne and I for the bed. She poured another glass for us and joined me. I lay back on the bed as she straddled my waist while sipping her champagne. She put the glass on the nightstand and then began to massage my breast through my camisole. My nipples were already hard but were soon near bursting. She lightly ground her crotch against mine and I felt the warmth of her against my mound. She removed her top and leaned over, giving me access to her breasts. I gently sucked each nipple, switching back and forth, causing her to increase her pressure on my crotch. 

She leaned further over and grabbed the headboard, slowly sliding herself up my body until her crotch was over my face. She kept it just out of reach as she rocked back and forth, teasing me just a little.

"Beg for it."

"Please Shauna, let me lick you pussy. I want to taste you."

My juices were flowing and I could feel the wetness in my panties as she lowered herself a bit more. I could see from the damp spot, that she was equally aroused. 

"Suck my pussy, Marsha. Let me cum in your mouth!" she moaned as she lowered her sex down onto my waiting mouth. 

I sucked her lips and forced my tongue into her panties sliding them up into her vagina. She ground against my face and forced me to maintain contact with my lips and tongue. I felt her hand grab my head and hold tightly as she began rocking faster against the pressure of my tonguing. She released my head only long enough to pull her panties aside allowing me access to her hole.

" Suck me! Tongue fuck me! I'm gonna cum!'

I stuck my tongue as far as I could inside her and locked my lips over hers, sucking them into my mouth. I felt her tense up as her contractions started. I sucked her lips harder as she ground down even harder onto my mouth. 

"I'm cummming! Oh God, I'm cummming!" she screamed

I kept sucking and felt her contractions start all over again.

" Oh dear God! I'm cummming again!" This time her whole body was raked by a tremendous orgasm. 

I eased my suction and gently tongued her hole as she came down. When she was finally able to swing her leg over me, she collapsed beside me on the bed.

She had tears in her eyes. "That was the best eating I've ever had!" She started laughing and asked, "Where did you learn that?"

"Just did what I thought would feel good. Did I do good?"

She rolled over and kissed me gently. " Would you like me to return the favor?"

I didn't say a word but just climbed on top of her and sat over her mouth. I grabbed her head, forcing her to cover my pussy with her mouth and ground down. 

She pulled aside my panties and shoved her tongue in me, swabbing the depths of my vagina. She probed her tongue back and forth, pausing at my clit only momentarily to give it a little lick, then back inside she went. She began to suck on my lips as I had done to her and within minutes I was having a massive orgasm in her mouth.

"Suck me Shauna! Suck me dry! I cried as my orgasm overtook me.

She didn't stop sucking and soon I came again, harder than the first.

I collapsed on top of her and slowly slid down her body until our tongues met. We tasted our combined juices that covered our lips. We sucked on each others tongues until we were sure there was no trace of goo left on them. Anyone who says women don't cum has never been with one when she does.

We finally lay back and just enjoyed the moment. 

"What a way to start the weekend!" she said

"Think we can top that?" I mused.

" Oh yeah, we've just gotten started! I know a few more tricks!"

"Me too, and don't forget about Robin coming Saturday."

We finally got our strength back and got out of bed. We both stripped off our panties and grabbed a towel, heading for the hot tub. It was only five o'clock, and the party was just getting started.

After socking in the tub for a while, we got out and just sat naked on the deck to dry off.

"Got anything to put on?" she asked

" Something in my toy-box perhaps?"

"Sounds good to me. I'll just put on a new pair of panties and a crop top."

I went to the toy box and got out my leather teddy with the strap-on cock attached and walked out of the bathroom.

"Dinner anyone?"

"Let's fix some bread and cheese, maybe a little fruit. I'll have that cock for dessert!.

I went to the kitchen and began preparing a little platter for us while she got us another glass of champagne. We took everything out on the deck and enjoyed the evening just listening to the frogs begin to sing and enjoying each other's company. We had become very good friends in a very short time. 

We finished the bottle of champagne while enjoying the sunset. I had a pretty good buzz going and I think Shauna did too. We weren't in a hurry to go back in so we just sat there not talking, but still enjoying each other's company. I was nonchalantly stroking my rubber cock when she finally spoke.

"Got a hard-on I see! Need me to take care of it for you?"

"I think it will take care of you too." I said as I got up and stood in front of her, dangling it in her face.

She grabbed it with her mouth and slowly sucked it in, taking it nearly all the way to the base. She slowly slid it back out of her mouth and said, "Needs something on it." She stuck her hand down her panties and I could see she had inserted several fingers in her pussy, stroking them in and out a bit. She pulled her hand back out and circle my cock with her glistening fingers, spreading her juices around it before swallowing it again.

"Mmm. Much better now."

The pressure of her sucking forced it back against my pubic bone, causing me to slowly began to fuck her mouth, making her take it deeper each time. She held the base of it so I would not jam it completely down her throat.

With her free hand now down her panties again, she continually lubricated the shaft as she continued to give me a great "blow job" Finally she was ready.

She got on her hands and knees, sticking her butt in the air.

"Fuck me! Fuck me now!

I got behind her and slowly inserted the cock between her swollen lips. It seemed to slide in easily and I soon was stroking it all the way in, only to back it all the way out. She forced herself back against me with each stroke.
