 Her name was Misty and she was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. We were both 18 and she was the new kid in school. I was busy preparing decorations for our senior prom, when she walked in.

"Ladies, gents, may I have your attention, please?" said Mrs. Clark, my second period English teacher, "This is Misty, she's joining our class for the last 3 weeks of school."

Her hair was golden blonde, her eyes were like sparkling blue diamonds and she had a body that would make Cindy Crawford jealous. And, as luck would have it, Mrs. Clark instructed Misty to sit in the desk to my right. The next 3 weeks would be interesting, to say the least.

I watched her take her seat, her movements were graceful and so delicate. I could smell her perfume, it was intoxicating. 

Now, you must understand, I had never been attracted to a woman before. I was always the girl next door with the quarterback boyfriend, so this came as a total shock to me. But, the more I watched her, the more I wanted to keep watching, ya know?

She made me dizzy with lust watching her cross her long, tan legs. Her tits were perfectly round and looked so beautiful filling out her pale blue blouse. She had on one of those peek a boo skirts, as I call them. You know the kind, not too short, not too long, but it rises just enough when someone sits down to give you a hint of the treasure hiding just beneath it.

"Ok everyone, take your seats, you can still come by after school and finish up on the decorations, but now it's time to actually learn something," announced Mrs. Clark, walking to the blackboard.

Hard as I tried, I couldn't concentrate on anything but Misty. Her perfume kept trailing over to me, sending my head into a tailspin. 

"Lydia?" asked Mrs. Clark, "Lydia, come to the blackboard and show us how to diagram this sentence."

Oh God, was she kidding? English was my worst class and now she wants ME to come up in front of everyone and make a fool of myself? The class gods were definitely against me that day, and of course, Misty watched my every move.

I felt my face burn with embarrassment as I made my way up to the blackboard. I just knew I'd end up doing something stupid like tripping over someone's foot or farting before I made it up there. But I didn't. Sometimes you wish you could be invisible, this was one of those times.

"We're waiting, Lydia," whispered Mrs. Clark.

(RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING)

Thank God, I was literally saved by the bell. The rest of my classes were fairly easy, so I began to relax and focus my thoughts on the new girl in town. The girl I wanted to know ....... intimately.

I went to my locker and did the normal after class routine of checking out my makeup in the tiny mirror, fussing with my hair and shoving my books into the small compartment. 

"Excuse me," said a voice from behind me, "Can you tell me where Room 245 is?"

I turned around, and there she was. 

I swear to God my knees turned into jello. She was even more beautiful up close.

"Sure," I said, smiling, "Room 245 is in the Science building, what teacher do you have?"

"Mr. Rudner," she answered.

Oh God, could this be happening? Was this God's way of saying "Hey Lydia, meet Misty, now you 2 run along and fuck."

"I have Mr. Rudner next," I said, "C'mon, we can walk together."

As we made our way thru the sea of pimple faces and drama queens, Misty told me the story of how she ended up switching schools so close to the end of the school year. She explained that her father had been laid off from his job, so the family was staying at her aunt's house, which, by what I could gather, was not the ideal living situation.

Six people living in a 2 bedroom apartment sounded horrible. She made me laugh, though ...... she had a sarcasm, yet not to the point of bitchiness, ya know? She was alot like me, I had a feeling she and I would become very close friends in the next 3 weeks.

As it turned out, my feeling was correct. Misty and I began spending alot of time together via phone calls and after school meetings at the mall or the movies. We were like long lost sisters. However, it was on one of these after school meetings that I learned Misty could never be my sister, I wanted her to be my girl.

Now, as I said, being attracted to a woman was virgin territory for me, so I knew I would have to proceed with caution.

--------------------------------------

One afternoon, Misty and I met up at the mall to pick out our prom dresses. She was looking incredibly sexy that day. She came bouncing across the parking lot wearing a pair of short cut offs and a tight little white tank top that left little to the imagination. 

"Lyyyyyyyyydiaaaaaaaaa," she yelled, waving at me.

"Hey girl," I hollered back, shutting the door on my father's mustang.

"Ok, you know this mall inside and out," she said, "Where's the best place to find THE hottest prom dress?"

I thought for a moment, smiled and led her inside. 

We looked like 2 kids in a candy shop, admiring all the sparkling dresses, the long dresses, the short dresses, even the strapless dresses. Finally, Misty decided on a blue strapless dress, it was short, but I wasn't complaining. As we stood in the dressing room, I watched her remove her clothes, each garment delicately sliding off her perfect body. 

I already had my dress on, it was red and strapless, almost the twin of Misty's dress. I gazed upon her body, her long neck and creamy white skin. Four small freckles danced across her shoulders, she never looked sexier then she did at this moment. I knew I shouldn't stare at her, but let's face it, she was hot and my panties were beginning to feel like a water balloon had burst inside them. 

My mouth watered as she bent over to slide her long, tan legs inside the garment, holding back was becoming more and more difficult, so I just did it. Before I could talk myself out of it, I slid my hands around her bare waist and leaned forward, kissing her shoulder blades.

"Oh, God, Lydia, what are you doing?" she asked, letting the gown fall back down to her ankles.

I couldn't answer her, I just kept on kissing and licking her bare back, eventually sliding my hands up to cup her tits. Her nipples instantly became hard and I felt her body sort of go limp, leaning back against me. Then I stood up and pressed my tits into her shoulder blades. I watched my hands move across her tits in the mirror in front of us. God, she was beautiful. Her stomach was flat as a board and her tits were like 2 cantaloupes. 

She watched my every move for a few minutes before sliding her hand behind her back to tweak my nipple with her fingers. I wanted her. I wanted her bad. So, I turned her around to face me and her eyes were moist with tears, as were mine. I guess we were both just feeling so much lust and desire at that point, it was something I instinctively knew she wanted. She leaned down to kiss me and as she did, she reached behind me and unzipped my dress, it too, falling to my ankles.

I silently praised myself for earlier suggesting that we try the dresses on with no clothes on underneath. She began kissing me harder as I fondled her tits a bit rougher, causing her to moan into my mouth. I don't really think Misty was the shy type, at least not today, but it was a relief to have chosen the full wall dressing room, no space underneath for nosey shoppers to watch us.

I knew I would have to make the first move again, so slowly, as we kissed, I began to bend my knees, drawing us to the dressing room floor. As we both came to rest on the floor, I broke the kiss, quickly taking my lips from her mouth, to instead, sucking her left nipple. Oh she was hot, I could feel her body heat, it was like standing in front of an oven. She immediately latched 2 fingers thru my long, red hair, gently twisting it.

I brought my hands up and placed them on her hips, pulling her naked body closer so that I could almost swallow her entire nipple. She groaned and repeatedly whispered my name over and over as I sucked her tit like a starving newborn. I brought my right hand up and quickly grabbed her right tit, massaging it roughly. I could smell her pussy beginning to juice up, not to mention her moans had become so labored that she sounded as tho she had been running in a marathon. 

Finally, after a few minutes, I looked up at her and whispered, "Lie down on your back, Misty, and open those sexy legs for me."

She smiled and agreed, but had one condition ....... she wanted to 69. 

Oh, God, I hadn't done a 69 since my sophomore year in high school when I was dating Troy Mullins, our neighborhood James Dean.

So, Misty eased her way back, careful not to bump her head on the wall and I eased my way on top of her, seductively straddling her face. My nipples immediately became rocks when I felt her hot breath float across my already engorged clit. I felt her hands slide up and grab the calves of my legs as she gently dug her long nails into my flesh. 

I looked down and gazed upon her sexy pussy, completely shaven except for a small patch of hair lining the lips. I placed my hands on her thighs, slowly spreading her legs a bit further. I could almost see her asshole, this was the most erotic moment of my life and it was happening on the floor of a dressing room in the mall. But hey, we could have been floating in the middle of the Baltic Sea, it didn't matter. 

Lydia never spoke a word, she just kissed and licked my inner thighs, occasionally flicking her tongue over my asshole. God, I can't tell you how good that felt. I lowered my mouth to her steaming cunt and slowly circled her clit with my tongue. I could feel the heat rising from her. Her pussy smelled like fruit, no doubt from the peach body spray she was continuously spritzing herself with. I slowly slid 2 fingers inside her warm hole, letting them sink in, knuckle deep. And my mouth, began its attack. 

With total sexual precision, I began to suck her fuzzy pussy lips and clit, back and forth until soon, she was beginning to work her hips, slowly grinding them sideways as she rode my mouth. I started pumping my 2 fingers in and out, hearing her juices sloshing around inside her fuckhole. 

I kept one hand busy fingering her as deep as I could and allowed the other to move down to her asshole, placing my palm over the puckered hole and gently smacking it, creating a suction. This drove Misty crazy. She began assaulting my clit with her lips and teeth, first nibbling it, then sucking it past her lips. 

We were both grinding our hips, each of us riding the other's mouth. I never wanted this moment to end. I almost jumped out of my skin when she slid a finger into my dry asshole, fiercely pumping it in and out like a piston. This made me work her pussy harder and I slid a third finger into her sloppy wet hole, completely stretching her open.

Her hips were no longer grinding sideways, they had begun to buck upwards, shoving her pussy almost completely into my mouth. I could feel her bite down on my clit, sending small electric shocks thru my system, jolting my insides.

I began moving my hips side to side, smearing my sopping wet cunt all over her mouth as her finger worked my asshole and my 3 fingers worked her steaming fuckhole. I couldn't last much longer, my body was screaming for me to cum. I lapped up her syrupy sweet juices as quickly as they poured from her, completely soaking her pussy fuzz with my saliva. 

Our fingers were now working in a perfect motion, both pistoning in and out at the same speed. I could hear and feel her grunting into my cunt, I knew she was close. Suddenly, her body went stiff and her mouth left my pussy, she was shaking and moving wildly beneath me, screaming out, "OOOOhhhhhhhhhhh Lydiaaaaaaaaa, OOh, OOhhhhh, OOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!!"

And just like that, she came, spilling the sweetest liquid from her clit. I had never tasted anything as sweet or warm before or since, God, she was hot. Her body was still shaking when my climax hit. My eyes rolled into my skull and I grabbed her thighs, grinding my drenched pussy hard onto her mouth,"Ohhhhhhhhh, God, MISTYYYYYYYYYYYYY, OOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh God, mmmmmm fuuuuuuuuuck."

And just like that, I came. She didn't waste a drop of my juices, she began lapping them up like a thirsty puppy for water. 

Then, there was silence. Both of us speechless and basically exhausted. But, I knew we couldn't lay there on that floor forever, so I began to get up and Misty soon followed. We both laughed as we struggled to get up with weak knees and prom dresses draped around our ankles. 

But then ......... We kissed. Oh, God, the hottest, sexiest, most delicious kiss I had ever had. Our juices mixed together with our saliva and it was enough to make you drunk. 

As we got dressed, she confessed that she had wanted this practically since the first day we met, and I confessed the same. 

We both went to prom with our respective dates, both pretending to be interested in the dull conversations that were spewing from the mouths of those boys. But, every few minutes we would exchange a wink or a smile, reassuring each other that our "dates" were just arm trophies.

Misty and I never did repeat that seductive scene again, she went onto college after graduation and I am working at my father's law firm as a secretary. But, as long as I live, I'll never forget those 3 weeks.