 I woke up, and tried to open my eyes, but all I could see was darkness. What was going on? Was it so early that the sun had not come up yet? I tried to move my hand, to rub my eyes, hopefully to get a better view, but I found myself unable to move my hands. Then I realised I was bound ...bound by a soft-feeling fabric. My heart was pounding in my chest, my legs kicked off the covers, finding that the cool air of my room was making me shiver a little. My breath was deep and fast, but all I could think of was how I ended up like this. Then I heard her voice. It was Susan, a housemate from the floor above me. We had gotten to know each other for the first term of university, and I had known that she had a thing for me. We were constantly flirting with each other, and she knew that I liked her too, just as she told me that she liked me. But how did she get in my room? I must have forgotten to lock the door. 

"Don't try and move," she whispered. "I thought that since you wouldn't act on what we both know, I would take the first move." 

I relaxed a little, on hearing her voice, but I couldn't help but try and move my arms again out of instinct. What was she up to? I could hear her moving closer to me, soft footsteps nearing. I could smell her sweet perfume as I felt her sit beside me on the bed. I opened my mouth to speak, but my lips were met by hers, as she kissed me for the first time. Her tongue crept into my mouth, and flicked over mine. I could taste her lip-gloss, sweet and sticky. I felt her hand hover over my cheek, and every hair on my body stood on end. The fact that I couldn't see or do anything put my whole body on edge. Anticipating every second of what might happen next was sending my heart into a frenzy. She pulled her lips away, and I could feel her moving more onto the bed. I felt her brush her hand up my bare legs, along my thighs, and coming to a rest on my stomach. Her other hand came to join it, and I felt her straddle me. 

Kisses were trailed all over my body from this point. From my lips, to my neck, tracing the outline of my body, my ribs, my hips, and the waistband of my underwear. I felt myself blushing; feeling the wetness of her kisses, and the touch of her skin on mine. My heart began to race even more. I could feel her eyes on me, watching every move I made. I felt her move down to place a kiss on my stomach as her hands reached up to cup my breasts. I had forgotten that I was completely unclothed, except for a pair of black knickers. My nipples automatically reacted to her touch, as did the rest of my body. 

She asked, "Do you want me to let you see, to take the blindfold off?" 

I couldn't get any words out, my heart now beating in my throat. All I could do was nod. So I nodded. At this, I felt her hands softly run up my body, as I lifted my head as much as I could, to allow her to undo it, still wondering how she could have got it on me in the first place without me realising, let alone tie me up without me noticing. 

I felt my eyes become free from the blindfold, as I opened them slowly, trying to adjust to the room. After a while, I could make out the room. As I turned my head, I could see that the room was in darkness, apart from the faint light of candles placed around the room. I then turned my head to look at the girl still straddling me. She smiled at me, as I smiled back, unable to say a word, taken in by her entire presence. 

She was wearing nothing at all, apart from a pair of white, lace boy shorts. She was a breath-taking sight, with every inch of her flawless skin being illuminated by the candlelight. I watched her, as she bent down placing a soft, short kiss on my lips, before she started to move down again, flicking her tongue over my nipples again. Now that I could see, I was even more turned on by her smooth, wet tongue drawing circles over my nipples. In between every other caress with her tongue she would give a suck and soft bite. She gazed up at me, as she carried on caressing my breasts. Her blue-green eyes sparkled so beautifully, I felt lost. She let my nipple out of her mouth and grinned at me, resting her head on my chest. 

I felt my cheeks reddening again with the site of this beautiful girl resting on me. 

"Your quiet...I don't remember you ever being this quiet," she joked. 

I laughed, still unable to get my mind into gear to reply to her. With that, she slid her hands under me, gripped the waistband of my underwear, and with a swift pull, ripping them from my body and dropping them to the floor. The absence of the underwear sped my heart up once again, as Sue lowered herself down, kissing my lips. Her tongue explored my mouth, as I playfully moved my tongue over hers. 

"See," she said, as she broke the kiss, "This isn't so bad, is it? I don't know why you never acted on what we both knew." 

She started to kiss me again, this time more passionately. She positioned herself so that her thigh was between my legs, resting on my sex, allowing her to rub against me, sending small surges of pleasure and heat through my body. As I began to breathe deeper, she moved her head close to me, nuzzling my neck, and planting soft kisses on it, and down my shoulders. The excitement of being tied up as this beautiful woman did whatever she wanted to me made every nerve ending in my body buzz. I could feel the heat of her body above mine, hear the sound of her breathing, and smell the scent of her perfume as she moved above me frequently bringing her mouth up to meet my lips, kissing me deeply. I could feel the moisture building up even more now, with every ounce of friction her leg was giving me. Just as I had moved my bum to get a better feeling, she stopped. I opened my eyes. She moved her leg and went to sit at the end of the bed, leaving me trying to catch my breath. 

"You were getting far too into that," she teased. "I think it's time for what you really want. How about you tell me what that is...I'd love to hear you say it". 

I looked at her, taking in every curve of her body; the curves of her bosoms, not too big, but not too small either. Then my eyes flowed down the sides of her body, finding her voluptuous waist and hips, my favourite part of a woman. Her skin was a pale colour, but with a slight tan, perfect for the gorgeous red hair she had cascading down her shoulders. 

I blinked and said, "I could tell you what I want...but it doesn't seem that I'm in control of what is happening to me." 

I then teased, "How about you tell me what you want to do to me?"

She laughed and shook her head. She then began to move closer to me, parting my legs, so that she was face-to-face with my stomach. She started to kiss around my belly button, and down the sides of my body. This made my heart skip a beat as I watched her slowly, and very sensually move down my body. She kissed my waist, and finally came to my hips. Now, like most people, when we had flirted and talked before, the conversation had turned towards our turn-ons. She had asked me what got me especially excited. To which I replied, anything that involved someone touching, caressing, kissing, and even nibbling at my hips. When I asked her what hers was, she said she liked to be dominant; now I could see she was being serious. 

I licked my lips, as she moved down to face my hips, and I watched her attentively. She gave me a cheeky smile, as she slowly lowered her head, and kissed my left hip gently. The kisses became more frequent, and moved between left and right side. She began to softly nibble at them, just as she had done to my breasts, which made me gasp and moan. She was so good at this, every inch of my body ached to be touched. Slowly, she traced a path from my hips down to my inner thighs with her tongue. I could feel the moisture that had first built up in me begin to turn into floods of wetness. So much so, that after a while of her kissing my inner thighs, and teasing my clit with her tongue, I felt the wetness flow down my lips, through my bum, and come to a stop when it touched the sheets.

Her soft tongue lapped up my juices as she began her work. No longer was she teasing me. She was taking control, holding each of my legs apart so that she had maximum access to what she wanted. My lips parted, as I began to moan uncontrollably. Never, had I ever felt this aroused before. The look in her eyes as she worked her tongue over my soaked pussy was insatiable. The greed in her eyes was made more apparent when I began to hear her moan into me. The sound vibrations worked together with her own movements, to increase my lust for the moment of orgasm even more. She let go of my legs and moved back slightly, allowing us both to breathe again. 

Panting, she sat up and cradled my ass in her arms, as she then lowered me onto her lap. 

Lifting each leg, she placed them over her shoulder and lifted me again, cupping my bum once more, so that she could taste me again. This time, I could feel the flick of her tongue coming up from my opening, all the way to my clit and back again. At first, she started slow, but as she finally got used to the position, her speed increased. She opened her eyes, looking down at me with arms still tied, but my gaze fixed on her. The heat of my sex was now blazing. With one final stroke of her tongue, I exploded. Eyes shut; hands gripping the sheets, my mouth flew open as I scream with a roaring wave of ecstasy. It felt like a thousand flames of intense pleasure were licking at my body, each one sending an uncontrollable shock of passion to every part of me. Her tongue kept working slowly, sending secondary shots of heat through my body, each one tipping me over the edge more. I was already sensitive from this first orgasm, yet she didn't stop. I thought I would faint from pleasure, until she finally let go of me, and moved up, to place a kiss on my lips. 

I opened my eyes to watch her while still trying to catch my breath. My heart was thumping in my chest, as if it was trying to escape. A blush of pink washed over my face again, as I saw her watch me. She had the most beautiful smile. 

"Was it worth the wait?" she asked. 

"Definitely," I whispered, still breathing hard.

"Please can you untie me now?" I asked. 

With those words she nodded, as she straddled me again, leaning towards the head of the bed. She slowly began to work the knots loose, so that my wrists were free again. 

I waited until she had undone both ties before I quickly wrapped my arms around her and pulled her down for a long, hot kiss. I could feel the softness of her skin under mine, finally under my touch. I let my fingertips run through her hair as she moved to lie beside me, not breaking the kiss at all. I playfully flicked my tongue over her lips, before I opened my eyes to look at the beautiful girl now lying by my side. I stared into her eyes, and lost my breath again. She really was gorgeous. How could I have not made a move after all this time? I was rather glad that it happened this way; the feeling of being tied and blindfolded really had got me going like never before. 

I placed a hand on her shoulder and began to run it down her body. I rested my hand on her waist, as I gave her a small kiss on her forehead before I got up. I went to the end of the bed and began to move towards her. She shifted her position so that she was leaning back on her elbows, looking at me, with her feet firmly planted to the bed apart from each other. I moved in between them, and began to kiss her more. I began to leave a trail of kisses down her cheek and onto her neck, coming to a stopping point between her boobs. They were perfect. I cupped one with my hand, and began to caress it, teasing her nipple between my fingers, making a moan escape her plump lips. The noise was an invitation for more, so that I then moved my lips and began to suck at the other. The dark circles immediately reacted to my touch, becoming hard to show their appreciation. I swapped movements, and began to now suck and tease the other nipple with my mouth, tongue and teeth, as I cupped the other and did the same thing as I had done before. 

After a while, I started to move my kisses down her body, looking up at her every now and again. She watched me as I kissed just above the outline of her panties, loving the sounds that she was making. I hooked my thumbs over the edges of the waistband and pulled them down. She lifted her bum slightly, allowing me to take them off with ease. I dropped them to the floor and moved myself to lie on my stomach, so that I could access her womanhood more. She glistened with moisture. As I got closer, she could feel my warm breath between her legs. She threw her head back in anticipation. She began to breathe in deeper, knowing what was coming next. She lay back a little more, still on her elbows, and still able to watch me. 

I could feel the heat radiating off her sex, see the glistening moisture of her velvety pink lips. I could smell her arousal; that oh so familiar smell of a woman. I couldn't hold back any longer. She lifted her head up to watch me and without warning, I stroked my tongue across her opening. She threw her head back again, letting another moan escape her lips. With every stroke of my tongue, every suck at her clit, every tease with my teeth, the moan got louder and louder. Her breaths became deeper and her body became more heated. I worked at her until I could feel her legs shift restlessly, knowing that she was close. With that, I moved my right hand up, slowly inserting my index finger into her. I could feel her tightening around my finger, as I began to slowly rub on her sweet spot. I placed my other hand on her stomach for more pressure, still flicking my tongue over her. 

I could feel her tightening around my finger more and more, until at long last, she let out a loud groan . Her back arched off the bed, her hands gripped the sheets just as mine had, and I could feel her clenching harder. I slowly moved my finger out of her, and took it into my mouth, watching her as she tried to get her breathing regular again. I flicked my tongue over her clit a few more times and watched her whole body react to the sensitive feeling, until she reached down, cupped my face, and brought me up for a kiss. I rested on her body, feeling her heart beat through my whole body. 

After an eternity, I broke the kiss and lay down next to her, sweeping away the hair from her face. She smiled at me, as I smiled back at her. The room was silent for the first time in ages. We lay there for what seemed like an eternity, caressing each other softly in between kisses. After all that had happened, there was still one thing on my mind. 

"How did you manage to tie me, and blindfold me without me even noticing?" I asked. 

"Why," she laughed. "Didn't you like what happened?"

"Of course I did," I smiled. 

"You're a deep sleeper babe," she said. "A really deep sleeper."

I laughed and nodded, knowing that this was true. Deep sleep to me was way more serious than other people. Now I just had to figure a way to get into Susan's room, and have my way with her.