 Her fingers wove into my hair, just above the back of my neck, then curled tight with a pull, tugging my head upward to look her in the eyes. Her lips came down against mine, her tongue parting mine as she held me close. Our tongues danced together, mine following her lead, savoring her control of my body. She pulled away and tugged my hair once more, my head snapping up, our eyes meeting in the dim light. "I'm going to tie you up," she said slyly. My eyes widened as my heart thumped heavily beneath my chest. A smile glazed across my face, eyes never breaking contact. 

Warm hands grabbed my wrists as she moved me into position. Flat against the bed I laid naked, arms raised above my head as she pulled up the lacey cuffs tied to the frame. Careful to ensure there would be no slipping out, she tightened each cuff and pulled me downward so my hands remained helplessly draped over the side of the bed. Her fingers traced my sides, sending chills across my vulnerable body. As my hips writhed from the sensation she parted my legs and proceeded to my ankles. The cool air now revealing the heat coming from between. As she secured each ankle, my range of motion was compromised. Nipples standing firmly erect on my displayed chest, a warm pool of wetness formed between my legs, splayed and exposed. With the pull of each tie, my body was hers to enjoy. 

Again, she traced my body with the tips of fingers, a hand beginning at each of my ankles, making light swirls up my calves, lingering around the crux behind my knee, and finally beginning their assent over my increasingly sensitive thighs. Inch by inch her fingers paced over my skin sending waves of electricity through my core. As her dancing fingers approached my desire, she pulled them away and sat up on her knees. With careful movements so as not to give me the touch my body was craving, she straddled her legs and carefully kneeled around my hips, her warmth still hidden behind cloth, but resting softly against my stomach. 

Without warning, my nipples were pinched between her thumb and finger, twisting back and forth, sending waves of sensation straight through my body as a gentle pulsating throb began to form in my waiting clit. With each twist I felt more blood rushing between my legs, swelling my sensitive little clit. Already becoming unbearable, I knew the tease had just begun. 

She leaned forward, her lips meeting mine, our tongues reuniting for a passionate embrace. As she pulled away, she stood up, rising above me, finally removing her last article of clothing and revealing her own warmth and wetness. As she stood over me, my lips parted, revealing my tongue, inviting her to sit. Her knees bent and came down around my head, her clit landing firmly in my mouth, her wetness coating my chin. 

Beginning with a pulsating suction around her clit, I elicited a moan, overcome by the pleasure of pleasing her. My tongue began to pace back and forth across her clit, swollen in my mouth, then swirled about over her soaking lips. She pressed down further, beginning to grind her hips against my open mouth, rubbing her clit against my eager tongue. As we continued, a rhythm formed between the gentle bucking of her hips and the flickering of my tongue. Unable to move, spread open and left to wait, I felt a trail of wetness drip out of the heat and down the cheek of my butt, while her wetness continued to coat my chin and slide down my neck. Her hips continued to thrust her clit against my lapping tongue, and I began to feel the urgency of her building orgasm. The excitement of her pending climax only encouraged my eager licking, again meeting a rhythm with her hips humping my open mouth. 

Her thighs tensed, locking my head firmly between them, her hips bucked harder but slower, dragging her clit hard against my tongue. Her breaths became small gasps, and with a quiet moan, her body froze in the middle of a thrust, she held her pulsing clit deep in my mouth, pressed against my tongue, and the wave of her orgasm washed through her body, into my mouth. 

Her body shuttered and slowly she backed away from my mouth, leaving a glossy trail of her wetness dripping down my chin and onto my chest. She straddled herself over my right thigh, then let herself settle comfortably, my pussy now the center of both our focus, aching with a desire to be touched by her. Leaning forward her hands touched the soft and sensitive skin on the sides of my breasts, then slowly she dragged them along my sides, sending a buzzing chill throughout me. As her fingers approached my hips, her touch became softer, my skin burning for her caress.

As if time was slowing to a halt, the tips of her fingers delicately began to graze over my begging pelvis. Still seemingly miles from their destination, a blissful pleasure consumed me. Just two fingers remained in contact, tracing their way along each crevice between my thighs and swollen lips, a fierce and burning heat emitting from between. Slowly, almost painfully, she delicately moved them closer, now dragging them up my lips, my breathing deep and heavy with little moans escaping. Alas she reached the top, connecting her fingers, then pulling one away, just one remaining at the top of my slit. It felt as though time had stopped, the world no longer spinning, the entirety of the universe collapsed into just the tip her finger, held deliberately above my clit. 

A flood of pleasure poured through my body, a moan released through a gasp as her finger ceremoniously slid down through my wetness and over my clit, sending lightning bolts through the deepest parts inside of me. In a torturously slow fashion she drew circles over my aching bud, my mind spinning in pleasure. Slow, steady, just enough pressure to offer a relief, but not enough to let me explode. My body begging for more, desire pouring from within, dripping onto the bed below. Her other hand rose slowly, and an ache formed deep in my most vulnerable place. Her finger still making gentle swirls over my clit, swirling round, and round, and round. Lost in the sensation, only brought back when a finger from her other hand slid through my wet part and reached deep inside. 

Another moan of pleasure, loud and begging, released. Slowly she pulled it back out, then paired it with a second and slid them both in together. The sensation, that pressure, the fullness, all the while circles being drawn over my throbbing clit. With each gasp for air, I elicit a moan. Her fingers plunging deep inside, then back out in a mesmerizing rhythm. Drowning in the pleasure, lost in my senses, I can feel an orgasm swelling inside. Around and around she slides over my clit, back and forth her fingers are pumping, closer and closer the orgasm is building, seconds away from the release I so desperately need. 

Teetering on the edge, about to go over, when suddenly she stops. Her fingers don't plunge back in and the swirling over my clit has stopped. My body writhes in agony. A long whine is let out. Dropping back from that magnificent edge, I fall back into my begging desire to be touched again. She smiles at my pain, knowing the pleasure will ensue. 

Waiting just until my whining has calmed, her fingers move back onto my sex, the swirling begins again and I am filled once more, fuller this time, stretched to fit three fingers, all sliding in and out, rhythmic once more. In a matter of seconds I'm back on the edge, moaning at command of her skillful fingers. As she brings me to the top, she slows just slightly, prolonging the agonizing pleasure, my body tenses, my pussy clutches her fingers inside, but she doesn't break the rhythm. 

Pumping in and out, drawing those mesmerizing circles, she climbs me to the top of a mountain, an orgasm built so high inside of me, and with a dramatic gasp for air, I am sent spinning in a whirl of pleasure, waves of the orgasm crashing over me, my body convulsing on her fingers still moving inside me, carrying me through the climax. 

She pulls her fingers out and leaves my pulsing pussy to rest, jolts of pleasure still rocking my body with every breath I take. She gently unties my ankles, then my wrists, and pulls my limp body close to hers. I curl up against her, safe in her arms, and she kisses my forehead while the final waves of my pleasure leave me shaking.