 This is the second chapter of TIFFANY. It can be read as a standalone story but if you wish to get more meaning I suggest you read the first chapter. Enjoy!

*****

CHAPTER TWO

The First Day of Their Cruise

The day after planning their special weekend Jazz found that she had to travel to another state so It was three weeks later that they finally managed to take their planned weekend on the Bay. Tiff was amazingly relaxed as she followed Jazz along the western finger wharf at the International Marina. At the end of the wharf she could see a large red hulled boat with a long blue superstructure and a raised flying bridge.

"This is the families pleasure cruiser, she can sleep six people in private cabins and there is a pull out in the main saloon where another two people can sleep. Fully laden with diesel and water she can cruise for fifteen hundred miles. I have just attained my license to skipper her so we can take her out most weekends. As we both have four days off work I suggest we take her to the upper end of the bay where there is a magnificent cove. The water is deep almost to the shore so we can anchor very close in and row to the beach. It is totally private because there is a high cliff running around the top end of the beach about a kilometer inland. It is not high enough to attract abseilers and it is impossible to climb down. So we will be very private."

As Jazz was saying this she did her checks that everything was secure and that the boat had been fuelled and watered. Satisfied that everything was okay she took Tiff out onto the deck and showed her how to cast off.

"When I say cast off the bow first and then the stern then come and join me up on the flying bridge. It will take about an hour and a half before we arrive at the cove which means we have plenty of time to set up and go for a swim."

"I didn't bring my bathers."

"Yes I know that is why I did not tell you about swimming until we were on board. Don't worry as I have told you we are totally private and anyway we are going to walk inland to a beautiful pool of clean clear water. It flows out of sand so it is very refreshing to drink. The other reason is that I think it's time we see each other naked. Don't you?"

"Yes I suppose so, but to be honest I had not really thought about it. I imagined it would just happen. Anyway I will follow your lead."

The bay was very wide and shallow in places so it was important for Jazz to follow the markers. Due to the shallow nature of the water and the brisk breeze that was blowing there was a medium sea with the white tops spraying off with the wind. Noticing the odd wave break across the bow Jazz looked across at Tiff and seeing that she was a little on the pale side she advised her to concentrate on the horizon and not to go below until they were in calmer water. Forty-five minutes later and the opposite shore came in sight. Tiff could see a small cove or inlet about three kilometers away and was relieved that they were heading for it. Fifteen minutes later and Jazz brought the head of the cruiser up into the wind and drifting to a stop she released the bow anchor. Once the boat had settled to the anchor she released a stern anchor so that they lay facing the swell coming in from the bay outside.

"Well come on darling first let me show you around and then I suggest we strip off and row ashore. Bring your shoes because we have a good half kilometre walk through the forest before we get to the pool and waterfall."

Going below Jazz showed Tiff their cabin with shower and toilet off it. She then took her through to the main saloon and showed her the kitchen and bar. Ending up at the inside bridge she showed Tiff the radio and all the controls before taking her hand and leading her back to their cabin and stripping out of her clothes.

Once she was naked she looked across at Tiff and saw her standing fully dressed staring at her with wide open eyes.

"I have never seen another person naked before again you have given me another first. You are so beautiful"

"Thank you honey, now how about you also get naked and then we can row ashore."

Jazz was silent with a feeling of tense excitement as she watched Tiff slowly remove her clothes. At last as she stood as naked as the day she was born Jazz simply looked on with amazement. Before her stood a Goddess. She had expected Tiff to be beautiful but nothing like what she was seeing. Her hair flowed lazily across her shoulders and for the first time Jazz could see her breasts. They were much smaller than hers but the nipples were something else again. Standing out from deep brown areola, her nipples were longer than most and due to the excited swelling they were something to be gazed upon. Looking further Jazz saw the heavy growth of dirty blond hair across her pussy."

"My God darling you are so beautiful but when we return I think we should do something about your forest. See my pussy I shave it every third day and I also do my arms and legs: that's why my skin is so smooth. Anyway we will take care of it this evening now let's row ashore and go swimming. Don't forget your shoes."

Walking along the gravely trail under the shade of the tall eucalypts. The could hear the sound of the small waves on the sandy beach and the mixture of sea and land birds announcing the approaching evening. As they walked Jazz took Tiff's hand caressing her small fingers with hers. 

"You can hear the waterfall now, it's not as big as the one we sat behind on the creek walk but it is more beautiful and the water is crystal clear. It drops into a very deep pool and even a short distance from the shore it's too deep to stand but on the other side there is a small beach and the water shelves more gently there."

Turning through a small clump of grevilleas Tiff gasped when she saw the incredible beauty. The waterfall was a soft veil of the finest water dropping like a shower curtain into the deep pool. Looking into the pool she could easily discern the sandy bottom meters below. She had never seen water as clear before it was just like a freshly poured glass of water from the kitchen tap.

Not waiting for Tiff Jazz dived into the pool and swam strongly over to the other side. Standing in the shallows she watched Tiff hesitate and then with a falling dive splashed into the pool and swimming with short urgent strokes finally stood waist deep next to Jazz. 

Jazz didn't wait for her to say anything she simply pulled her into an embrace and hugged her feeling their small breasts mold together. With a feather like kiss on her lips Jazz stood back contemplating the woman she felt so much for. Again Tiff simply stood there until Jazz broke the silence and asked her what she was thinking.

"Oh I am just awe struck with the beauty of this place. I am spell bound, imagine that an hour away there is a busy city with the noise and smells of industry and here we are standing in warm clear water naked under the shades of evening without a care in the world but for each other. Thank you for bringing me here it's so beautiful. I am so lucky because you are always thinking of me. I love you Jazz ... no please, don't say anything because I know what you are going to say but listen to me for a moment. Two days ago, it would have been about three in the afternoon I arrived home from work. Going into our bedroom to change I found your clothes from the day before so picking them up I took them to the laundry. I could smell you on them and this got me thinking. My thoughts were confused at first but slowly they became clear and I began to feel warm in the face, my breasts swelled and suddenly I felt a rush of moisture across my pussy. For a moment I staggered but recovering I walked on shaky legs to the bedroom and lay down. I woke up when I heard you coming home three hours later."

Jazz couldn't believe what she had heard because at about the same time she was in her office having returned from a busy meeting. She sat looking at the photo of Tiff she kept on her side table and she began to have similar feeling to the one Tiff obviously felt at home. She remembered the small orgasm she had when she ran her fingers across her pussy and sitting for half an hour afterwards trying to recover because she had another meeting to attend. Jazz stood looking at Tiff with her eyes wide open as she felt the tears of deep emotion begin to tumble across her cheeks. 

"Come on darling I think we should get back to the boat, it's getting dark and I think we should do some forestry work before dinner. I had meals pr-prepared and brought on board this afternoon. We have braised chicken tonight so we will put it on to warm. It will be ready when we are finished with the shaving."

Admiring the saucy sway of Tiff's shapely butt Jazz slowly dreamily followed her back to the beach. Climbing aboard they went down and placed the chicken into the small oven to heat up and taking a bowl of warm water they went down to the cabin to clear Tiff's forest.

"How do you want to look? I think you would look simply divine with a clean shaved beaver. Just like mine."

Without waiting for an answer Jazz began to trim the long hair away from Tiff's pussy and half an hour later she was without any body hair, her skin smooth and slightly moist after all the shaving cream and moisturizing agents. Tiff stood shyly admiring herself in the mirror before following Jazz back to the saloon and opening a bottle of Pinot Noir helped lay the table on the outer deck. 

Sitting under the stars sipping the simple wine as they dined on their chicken feeling the lazy motion of the boat as it rose and fell to the small waves rolling in from the bay. Seeing a shooting star race across the horizon Jazz asked Tiff if she had made a wish and with an embarrassed flush Tiff nodded quietly.

Having cleared the table, they sat back on the broad calico covered lounge sipping the last of their wine. Feeling Tiff slide closer Jazz placed her arm across her shoulders pulling her in closer and giving her lips a soft sensual kiss. Tiff relaxed and gave in as she felt Jazz's arms slide lower caressing her lower back. 

"Tiff I am not going to do anything that you don't want me to so all you need do is say 'No' and we stop there okay?"

"No Jazz not after what happened the other afternoon, I want to do it all tonight just take it slow but make love to me."

"Okay baby don't be nervous because I will give you all the soft beautiful loving you desire."

Jazz moved into Tiff and kissed Tiffs soft and incredibly willing mouth feeling her sigh as their mouths connected in the most sensual and delicate of touches. Pulling back Jazz looked at the woman she loved trying to see what or how she wanted to continue but getting no joy she pulled her closer. 

Tiff lent in and with light unsure kisses trying to mirror every move of her more experienced tutor. Then Jazz heard something that she would always relate to Tiff. As she kissed her deeper Tiff gasped a soft breathy sigh a sound that to jazz epitomized everything she knew of her. The perfect exhalation of sound that reminded Jazz of her responsibility. Slowly she slid her hands across the small but perfectly shaped breasts as she inhaled with the most exquisite of expectation. Tiffs delicate breasts fitted into Jazz's hands perfectly as her thumbs lightly stroked back and forth over her swollen and so sensitive nipples.

Again Jazz sat back to look into Tiffs wide green eyes. Eyes of trust and a desire that took Jazz's breath away. She lent in for another kiss before dropping down to take a breast into her mouth. Sucking her nipple in and out of her mouth hearing the soft and wildly erotic sounds emanating from Tiffs mouth.

It seemed like light-years before they again sat back contemplating each other. 

"Tiff you are so perfect and I will never forget this moment."

"Oh My God I never thought that I would have the courage to do this. Jazz it's so beautiful so perfect. It's so wonderful Jazz but please don't stop, not now. I am so needing this, I don't know how to say it but my body is going wild with expectancy."

"It's known as feeling 'horny' baby and yes you are beautiful. Come here let's go down to our bed and continue there."

As they lay back on the queen bed their kissing became more intense and jazz's hardened nipples crushed into Tiff as she began to kiss her way down towards the honey pot of her dreams. Her body was so soft and pliant as Jazz kissed slowly down the silken highway and coming to a stop just above Tiffs fresh shaved mound. Sliding her fingers sensually down over her stomach to the wetness of Tiffs Pussy Jazz exhaled a sigh of contentment as she smelt her sweet musky scent. 

Jazz heard a sharp intake of breath as she licked slowly across Tiff's swollen clit. Licking back and forth as a finger slid slowly between the wet folds of her cunt. She could sense Tiff's growing urgency and so allowing her fingers and tongue to speed up as her mouth opened and closed across the soft sensitive pussy. Suddenly she heard a long drawn out groan and tasting the first of Tiffs Orgasm Jazz sat up and grinding her knee into Tiffs pussy and began to massage up and back as she watched the beautiful vision of her lover experience something that she had never understood before.

Pulling her close Jazz held her as the final vibrations of her orgasm slowly faded away. Looking into her eyes she could see the tears begin to flow from beneath Tiffs eyelids. Jazz held her for a long time stroking her back with her hand and holding her tightly as she softly cried. 

At last Tiff sat back and Jazz could see her beautiful face which was even more beautiful in the candlelight and her eyes shining from her recent tears as she looked intently into her lover. Tiff slowly began to speak telling of her passion and the feelings that Jazz had evoked in her. 

Jazz asked her about the tears but Tiff simply said they were tears of joy because she had experienced the most intense feeling within her body. She then through herself into Jazz's arms and began to kiss her wildly.

Later that night Jazz woke and thinking over the evening understood that Tiff had no regrets about what had happened. Smiling softly, she drifted into a contented sleep knowing that all the Felicity stuff was over. The last thing she felt was that again Ronnie had been right and that felicity had always been too timing her.