 This story came out of a day taking photographs in a park where I came across two women kissing very passionately. Later I saw them walking towards me and one of them was incredibly beautiful. Tiffany's looks have been based on that woman. 

If you are looking for quick sex then I suggest you wait for the second chapter. Although there are references to masturbation and lesbians this is a chapter where the very complex character of Tiffany is introduced. I plan a number of chapters and each can be read as a stand alone story.

This is a new area for me to explore in erotic writing. Enjoy!

*****

TIFFANY

CHAPTER ONE

WHERE AN INCREDIBLY SHY WOMEN MEETS SOMEONE SHE CAN RELATE TO

Despite her pretty face and sexy young body with her quiet shy demeanor she did not grab my attention as the kind of girl that could replace my lost love. We were at a New Year's Celebration and there were hundreds of people milling about.

Looking furtively out of the corner of my eye I saw that she was trying to make out that she had not noticed me looking.

Possessing a tall lithe body and standing at about five-foot ten, weighing around one hundred and twenty pounds she had long dirty blond hair untidily drawn back and secured with a shabby purple scrunch. Her face was deeply tanned giving the idea that she was an outdoorsy kind of woman.

The most startling feature of this mysterious vision were her breasts. I had to look closely just to discern the smallest of rise in her tight fitting tee shirt. Allowing my eyes to gaze further I could see her small narrow hips above the most perfect bubble butt I had ever seen.

I was about to approach her when she was whisked out of my vision by a noisy bevy of friends announcing that the first fireworks were about to begin.

After that I forgot all about her until after the food was brought out and an old girl friend from school took my hand telling me she had someone that I just had to meet. I tried to explain that I was really not up to it. After all I had just come out of the most disastrous affair of my life.

"Ronnie please I can't do this. For fucks sake I am still in free fall after losing Felicity."

"She is perfect for you, just what you need to bring yourself back into the real world. Like you she is into the outdoors. She loves hiking. For fucks sake she is a member of a hiking club and I am joining her this weekend for a two-day mountain hike. I have wanted to introduce you to her since she turned eighteen but you were away climbing the Matterhorn or something."

"It was the Eiger."

"So okay the fucking Eiger it really doesn't matter other than you two have so much in common. Please come and meet her."

"Oh all right but don't expect me to get into any conversation."

"There is an eight-year difference in our age. I am an old woman for Christs sake and she is just a kid." 

"She may only be nineteen but you two are so fucking similar now come on and meet her for fucks sake."

At this moment Ronnie pulled me up to the bar saying "Tiffany I want to introduce you to a fellow hiker. Jasmine this is the woman I have been wanting to introduce you to since you returned from climbing Mount Kilimanjaro."

I was stopped in my tracks because standing before me was the incredible woman I had noticed when first arriving at the party. I nervously offered my hand and felt her firm shake. As I would have expected her voice was quiet and rather shy.

"Oh Hi Jasmine please call me Tiff everyone I know calls me that so you may as well do the same."

"Hi Tiff, pleased to meet you but at the moment I am really not up to conversations."

Ignoring my pleading for privacy Ronnie started to tell me about the mountain hike that Tiffanies Hiking Club were doing the next weekend. 

"Oh yes Jasmine you must join us. Ronnie is coming along too. It is a two-day hike and we have accommodation arranged on the Saturday night. There is still room for another person so please join us."

Saying nothing I sipped my Whisky and studied Tiff as she talked with Ronnie. She was really very beautiful although her dress style had much to be desired. She was wearing an off white tee shirt with dirty green jeans and hiking boots. As I looked I saw that Tiff was warily looking at me with a kind of curiosity which made me wonder if I should pursue her after all. Maybe Ronnie was right, maybe this strange woman, this Tiff was what I was looking for. Finally making my decision I pulled her aside.

"So you are another outdoorsy type of woman. I have spent most of my life walking through the bush getting into adventures and sometimes big trouble. So tell me more about this big hike of yours."

At first Tiffany didn't respond but after a few moments of silence she shyly explained the weekend. "Jasmine I would love you to come along as my guest. I am sure you will love it. We are hiking up to the high ridge on the coastal escarpment. At the top there is a new hiker's accommodation place. Please come I would love to hear about your adventures." Saying this Tiffany took my hand in a shy grip and holding it looked almost pleadingly into my eyes."

Finally, deciding that she was worth pursuing I held her hand just that little bit longer and looking into her baby blue eyes and accepted her invitation. "Okay Tiff let's do it, here is my card please email me the information and when and where to meet and I will be there."

"Oh wonderful I will meet you outside your place at six next Saturday morning. Let's take breakfast before driving to the track head." Reluctantly agreeing I gave her a nervous smile and hugging Ronnie left the party. 

The next day being a public holiday I simply lay around the house listening to music and reading books. Sometimes I found myself thinking back to the brief meeting with Tiffany but I didn't make much of it and so my day went by without much to worry about.

The next two days were chaotic at work and so again I didn't think about Tiffany or the weekend coming. It was Thursday evening that I heard a knock on the door and found Ronnie with a bottle of Glenfiddich Eighteen Single Malt Whisky as a peace offering. Inviting her in we sat in silence for a long time before I got up the courage to quiz her about Tiffany. 

"So okay Ronnie I think it's about time you come clean about Tiffany."

"What do you mean?"

"Look Ronnie stop the bull shit I know your side stepping mannerisms from way back. Who is she? What does she do and where and when did you meet her?"

I met her in the Melbourne Botanical Gardens just after you had departed to climb Mount what's its name. I was there doing a photo-shoot and she was on a tour of the gardens. As for who she is your guess is as good as mine. She had just turned eighteen and after talking with her about nature, photography and bush walking I felt that she was just the person to bring you out of the doldrums. As you have known for years I am a member of the university bush walkers club and so I invited Tiffany to join."

"So you have fucked her?"

"Oh God no I think if I even made a move to kiss her hand she would freak out. To be honest no one knows much about her."

"So why me? What have I got that no one else has?"

"Look Jazz after the disaster that you brought on yourself I felt that Tiffany may be the perfect person for you to get to know. You are both into the outdoors and you both seem to have your problems in society."

"Ronnie sometimes you really piss me off. You know that I still love Felicity and that I still shed floods of tears when I think of her. You never liked her from the start. Please leave her out of it and also kindly tell this Tiffany that I am not coming on your little jaunt in the woods. Now I think it is time you fuck off home."

"Oh God Jazz I am sorry okay I apologise. It was not like that. You see the one thing I do know about Tiffany is that she is passionate about bushwalking and going on extended adventures. After you left the party she was constantly quizzing me about your mountain climbing exploits."

"So what did you tell her."

"Nothing much, as you know I have no understanding about the extreme adventures that you go on. All I could say was that you were an amazing person. And please I have never made a pass at her because she is not my type."

"Okay Ronnie this time I do know that you are telling the truth because the only women you seem to land in bed are the real butch type. I suppose in that respect Tiffany is more my type because like me she is a true girly type of person. So what is this weekend about?"

"Nothing really. Someone got wind of this new hikers' accommodation lodge and suggested we visit it. To be honest I am not even sure of the itinerary after the first day. Apparently we are to drive to the track head and start out from there. I think there are ten people coming. I was not at that meeting, it was Tiff who phoned me about it and it was then that I decided the time was right to bring you both together."

"Do we need to take tents or food?"

"No tents or sleeping bags but yes we should take food."

"Okay I will bring my burner, propane gas bottle with a couple of dehydrated packs as well as dried fruit and nuts."

"If this Tiffany is so shy why has she invited me to breakfast?"

"Look Jazz that almost bowled me over when she told me that you were both taking breakfast before driving to the track head. That is so unlike the Tiffany everyone knows or don't know really because she is a real mystery woman. "

"Okay I will trust you this time. Actually I noticed her when I entered the club. She was standing at the bar drinking alone. I was struck with her sexy quiet demeanor and of course her small breasts. But just as I was going to approach her some girlfriends dragged her away to the fireworks. I never saw her again until you forced her upon me."

"You and your small tits. Is that why you don't want to fuck me?'

"Stop it Ronnie because it will never happen. I am not into one night stands and I am certainly not butch so hence I am not your type."

"That's why you intrigue me."

"Get out Ronnie I will see you on Saturday morning. I know your ways first you will try to get me into a lip lock and then you will try to go further. Not tonight Josephine so fuck off home."

"Okay Jazz until Saturday."

Friday was a quiet day and I got home early to find a note in my letter box. Opening it I saw that it was from Tiffany. "Hi Jasmine I have nothing on tonight would you like to meet for a wine at the new cellar on Maple Drive. Phone me on this number if you can make it otherwise I will see you as planned."

I sat with her note on my lap for a long time before thinking what the hell let's meet her. She obviously is interested in my past climbing experience. I agonized about what to wear for what seemed ages and after trying this on and then that I decided on a simple smart jeans and white blouse combo. 

Arriving at the wine bar I saw Tiff already waiting for me. Again she was dressed in much the same clothes as she had worn at the party and as usual her dirty blond hair was dragged back and secured with what I imagined, the same scrunch.

At first the conversation was difficult because neither of us had the confidence to start talking. We were sitting in a quiet booth sipping a rather cheeky Shiraz and Tiffany was opposite me We simply sat sipping our wine contemplating each other and then we both started talking at once. Stopping again we began to laugh quietly before I asked Tiffany where she worked.

"Oh I work at that Climbing Castle down in the industrial area. It is mostly quiet during the weekdays because the climbers are old hands and so they don't need much assistance. Its only during the weekends and holidays that it becomes chaotic. People seem to come along thinking that all you do is climb up the steps on the walls. Its only when they start that they realize that it could be dangerous. That's where the attendants come in. We have to get them out of the mess. I am responsible for the beginners wall and so my day is chaotic. You see I don't have the experience to work on the more experienced walls yet. I do climb the medium difficulty wall but I am only aloud to do it with assistance from one of the other attendants. It's fun and I really enjoy it."

"WOW that sounds interesting and fun but I agree about the touristy type, how boring. After this weekend I may come along and see what it's like. To be honest I have scoffed at it but okay I will make an appointment when you are off duty and let's do a bit of wall climbing together. I would love to show you the ropes."

At first I thought I had said too much because Tiffany almost made to get up and leave but then she relaxed and settled back into her wine.

"I am so sorry Jasmine I am so terribly shy and if someone acts as though they actually like me I feel as though I want the earth to swallow me up."

"Okay Tiff don't worry about it but thanks for the warning I promise to never take you near any tectonic fault zones."

Tiff looked at me quizzically but then with a weak smile asked if that was a joke.

"Yes Tiff just a joke but before I tell you about me can you answer this question. How is it that someone as shy as you can find the courage to assist a beginner to climb a wall and abseil back down? 

"Yes I understand what you are saying. It's easy really; you see I love the outdoors, bush-walking and going on extended adventures and so working at the Climbing Castle is simply an extension. I can do that because I am in my element."

Well I think we need to expand your horizon a bit. Now let me tell you about me. Like you I love the outdoors but unlike you my employment is working as a junior solicitor in a big law firm. Actually it is the family's business, my grandfather started it and now my father is in charge so I imagine that one day I will hold the reins. Don't say anything ... it is so boring: give me a mountain any day. It is getting late so I will tell you about my adventures tomorrow as we are meeting early in the morning let's call it a night and by the way I don't want to offend you but may I say that I have really enjoyed this evening. It's a long time since I have gone out with anyone and I have found it strangely refreshing."

At first I thought Tiffany was going to cry but then she reached over and simply held my hand telling me how she was looking forward to the weekend.

That night in bed I found it hard to sleep. Tiffany was haunting me. Secretly I thanked Ronnie for introducing us but then I thought about Tiffs strange clothing habits. After all she was a beautiful woman but didn't seem to know it. Or was it that she was so terribly shy she did not want to attract attention to herself. Whichever the case I knew that I was definitely attracted to her. I could feel that warm cheeky smile that I only have when I have decided to pursue a good cause. Sliding a hand under the sheets and along my thigh I felt my wet pussy ... fuck it was wet: thinking of my little vibrator friend and quickly reached for it. Then Felicity entered my thoughts and I put my little friend away thinking how sorry I would feel if I lost the warm fuzzy feeling that Tiff seemed to be giving me.

The world was just coming to life when I woke and quickly showered and after packing my backpack with a few essentials I heard a nervous knock at the door. Opening it I saw Tiff quickly step back as a hot blush appeared on her face. 

"Hey Tiff, don't be nervous let's grab breakfast I know a great café just off the highway so we can eat and then continue to the Track Head."

Climbing into Tiffs dilapidated LandCruiser Ute we took off towards the highway and breakfast. Again, just as last night we drove in nervous silence for about half the trip and then just as last night we began to talk at once. At that moment we drew up at the small café and sitting at an outside with the mountains as a backdrop we ordered our breakfast. 

"Listen Tiff I think it is hard for you not to be nervous but remember I am here with you because I want to be. I like you, I am not going to eat you but I do want you as my friend. Okay?"

"Sorry I am just not good around other people. If Ronnie had not insisted that I meet you I would never have plucked up the courage to invite you to join us."

I could see that she was close to tears as she said this and my heart went out to her. Something was wrong but as yet I couldn't work out what was causing it. 

"Hey Tiff do you know that when I left after you had invited me on this hike I was delirious with excitement. The past few months I have been so lonely and you brought me out of the doldrums. Is it okay if I hold your hand for a moment? We are friends ... right?"

Still holding Tiffs hand I gave the waitress forty dollars and standing up led Tiff by the hand back to the Ute. When I opened the door I felt her hold back. Looking at her I saw a look of indecision almost as though she didn't want to go on the weekend hike. "Well, shall we head on to the Track Head and our little adventure or is there something else you want to do?"

"Sss ... yes let's go we have forty minutes to get there."

Again we drove in silence but then just as we entered the car park Tiff began to talk about the other people who were joining us. "Of course Jasmine other than Ronnie I really don't know the others that well."

"Please call me Jazz okay?"

Going up to the others Tiff tried to introduce me but gave up when she saw no one was interested. Seeing Ronnie, I pulled her aside and with a big hug thanked her for introducing me to Tiff.

"I slept with your landlady last night."

"Oh my God not butch Lainey so did she take you to her play room?"

"Not this, time she wants to save it for Monday. You see we both have the day off. So how's it with Tiffany?"

"I really like her but I get the feeling she does not want to go on this hike. Any ideas?"

"Look she is one hundred percent right for you. Yes, she does act shy and withdrawn but you are the kind of person who can bring her out of herself so if she doesn't want to take the hike follow her lead. I chatted with her yesterday morning and she is very attracted to you. No one can get anything out of her so if you guys are talking it means she feels safe and confident in your company."

"Is she lesbian?"

"I don't think she knows what she is, Look, here she comes and the others are starting out. Must go see you at the top ... maybe?"

As she approached I saw that she didn't have her pack. "Jazz would you mind awfully if we didn't go with the others?"

"Whatever, I am easy. So what shall we do?

"Let's take the creek trail it's so beautiful and private no one goes down it at this time of the year. Did you see how the others couldn't give a dam about me. They were so rude, if you had come with anyone else they would have been all over you."

When she said the creek trail I felt my heart strings tense up. It was on the creek trail that I met Felicity. It had so many memories, I almost knocked the idea back but then looking at Tiff I felt that it was probably what I needed and anyway it was obviously what she needed.

"Okay Tiff if that's what you want to do let's go."

I thought she was going to hug me but then she blushed and turned back to the Ute and grabbing two water bottles led me over to the start of the trail. We walked quietly along the trail listening to the birds and water bubbling over the gravel until we came to the waterfall and the end of the trail. 

"It's always lovely here have you ever gone swimming in the pool, there's a cave behind the waterfall."

"Yes that's why I wanted to come here. It's so private and no one will know we are even here."

I went to get out of my clothes but seeing Tiff simply walk into the water and wade under the fall I followed her lead. It was cool in the cave with a soft sandy floor and a low ledge that we sat on. Again she sat in silence for a long time and I sat looking at her arguing with myself again about whether I should pursue her or not and again I found that I wanted to be where she was. Sitting next to her on the ledge in the cave I had the feeling that what Ronnie was saying was right: no matter what I said Tiff and I seemed to have so much in common. Thinking back to the party and my first glimpse of this waif like doll I suddenly knew that everything was so right about this. Looking towards her I was about to say something when she spoke hesitantly.
