 This is the third chapter in my series TIFF. In this chapter new story sequences are introduced. Enjoy!

*****

CHAPTER THREE

TIFF'S AWAKENING

It was the sun that finally woke Tiff. Stretching she looked over at the still sleeping Jazz. She lay there for a long time thinking about the previous evening and how much she loved Jazz. Then almost like a blind being drawn across her face Tiff transformed from the new woman who had experienced her first orgasm the previous evening to the Tiff of old. Sliding quietly from the bed terrified that she may wake Jazz she crept up onto the deck. At first she had a strong wish to get into the row boat and row out onto the bay but then she thought of how far she would have to row and how small the boat was. Stopping again she realized that she was out on the deck naked, trying to cover herself she hurried back into the security of the saloon and curled up in a corner of the side lounge. She then felt the old security she had always felt when curled up in her room at the orphanage curled up in a fetal position feeling secure and safe.

Half an hour later Jazz walked into the saloon wondering where Tiff had gotten to ... she stopped when she saw Tiff. There was no expression, no recognition and she had to look carefully to see if she was even breathing. Turning back to the bedroom she pulled on a pair of shorts with a tee shirt and collecting the same for Tiff returned to the saloon. 

Tiff had not moved and if anything had curled up even closer. Jazz stopped and thought about what she should do. She had read about this but she had never experienced anything like it before. Walking slowly towards the child like form in the corner Jazz slowly sat on the floor looking up at her. Sitting, she stared up at her ... even though Tiff was in a shock like state Jazz could still recognize the raw latent beauty. Looking up at her Jazz felt the strong fervent love that she had for her.

Finally making a decision Jazz gently laid a hand on Tiffs knee, the skin was warm and soft so she slowly put a bit of pressure and quietly spoke. "Tiff darling, wake up, you will get cold like this. Come on I have brought a change of clothes for you." There was no movement, no recognition Tiff simply sat curled up half facing away.

Standing up Jazz gave her shoulder a light shake. "Good morning darling it's time for breakfast please wake up." 

By this time Jazz was getting frightened. Should she radio for help and then set out for the marina or should she simply wait a bit longer and hope Tiff returned to consciousness. Walking quickly to the small kitchen Jazz percolated some coffee and returning with the cup slid it under Tiff's nose. Shortly Jazz noticed her eyes flutter and finally Tiff looked up at Jazz.

"Hi darling I am seriously worried about you. I almost radioed for help and was going to meet them as I headed back to the Marina. What's wrong darling please tell me I want to help. You are still suffering from the past aren't you?"

"Yes Jazz. Please don't leave me!"

"I am not going to leave you what has given you that idea?"

"I am not as experienced as you and I am frightened of making a mistake. Please, when I stuff things up don't leave me I couldn't stand that now."

"Look sweetie I have a change of clothes for you here but I think first things first. How about taking a quick hot shower and then change into the clothes? I'll have breakfast waiting for you and then we are going for a quiet walk. Now quickly have the shower and then we can start the day."

Jazz could hear Tiff take her shower and before she knew it Tiff was back with her.

"Okay so now let's row ashore and we are going for a good hike through the forest. Once you feel relaxed I want you to tell me all about this morning. I know it involves your past so we need to get it all out in the open."

"Yes we are going dressed as we are. We can strip when we get back to the pool and take a swim."

Stepping ashore Jazz led Tiff north along the beach until just before the Northern Headland they came onto a track leading inland. As they walked they could hear the cry of the sea birds and the constant hum of the cicada. Slowly Tiff found the peace of the forest relax her and coming to a clearing she sat on a log and began to talk.

"Jazz, darling Jazz I am so sorry for this morning. I woke up feeling a new person but then I thought about making love to you and I knew I could never satisfy you like you did for me. I went out on deck, I wanted to row away but then I realized I was naked. This terrified me so I hurried back in and sat where you found me. It's no good darling I can never satisfy you. I would be better off dead at least then I can sleep in peace."

"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again. You are being so selfish honestly I should put you over my knee and give you a sound spanking." As she said this Jazz slapped her thigh and was stunned at the effect it had on Tiff.

At first Tiff froze when she heard the slap and then with a flushing face she began to tremble and her hand went to her pussy. "Oh God don't do that you make me so wet."

"What's that Tiff are you wet just because I slapped my leg? I think there is much more to your story than you are letting on. Now come on darling I think this is the time you come clean otherwise I will spank you. Now when were you last spanked and by whom.?"

"There was a girl in my year, she was a year younger than me, her name was Belinda Moore. Although she was very determined and believed herself extremely clever she was at the bottom of the class in everything. She would torment me and spank me at least once a week. She told me that she was superior to me and I believed her. Jazz I had to believe her because I had no option ... I was too nervous, too scared to stand up for myself. Now that I know what a lesbian is I understand that she was most likely lesbian."

Look I am so timid that when I am confronted with something I must make a solid decision about I become tongue tide. You see Jazz darling I am to frightened and withdrawn to become part of normal society."

"Listen there is a beautiful grassy area with a big fallen tree just around the next bend let's stop, drink some water and take time out."

Sitting on the old tree drinking water and listening to the stream flowing falling into the next small run Jazz slowly massaged Tiff's shoulders. 

"Tiff please trust me you see I have fallen for you big time and I hate to see you beating yourself up like this. Fucking Ronnie she is always right but I only wish she would have told me more about you."

"You speak a lot about Ronnie, who is she?"

"Ronnie and I have known each other since kindergarten, we went right through school and university together we even celebrate the same birthday. It was Ronnie who made me understand about my true girl feelings. You see I always hung out with the girls at school but never thought anything of it. Even at school it was obvious that Ronnie was into girls but it was different with me. Finally, when were eighteen and about to finish school I was over at her place when her parents were out for the day. Ronnie seduced me and I understood that I was also like her. We roomed together when at university and had a brief and very torrid affair but then I met a woman very much like me and we were inseparable for almost two years. I don't think Ronnie has ever forgiven me for that. Even now she wants to get back in my pants."

Ronnie finally went off with this butch woman and so her fancy for the butch type was set in concrete. You have met Lainey, look at her, dressed mostly in overalls. She looks more like a man and she has some weird sexual fantasies. I call her my landlady but she owns the other four apartments in the block. We bought them on the same day. She and I had a brief affair but I couldn't take her bondage fantasies. Ronnie and Lainey are the perfect couple."

"Did she study Law as well?"

"No Ronnie studied Psychology and is now an Industrial Psychologist, this is why she can read between the pages. You know how she always said that I was the person you needed to meet and she told me the same thing, her main problem is that she never explains herself. Ever since kindergarten she has never told the full story, it can take months to get everything out of her. It used to drive her mother crazy. Now enough of Ronnie and me let's get down to you."

"Tell me more about yourself at the orphanage. What happened to this Belinda what's her-name?"

"Oh she left at the same time as me and we both took apartments together and then twelvemonths later she took off with a girl who was in the year below us. I have not seen them since but I have been told they are still together."

"So this Belinda was really wanting to have an affair with you. She saw you as the typical submissive and so she tried to be your Dom. The only problem was that you were so terrified of making a fool of yourself that she finally lost interest. Darling we have to do something to stop all these insecurities. When I came into the saloon this morning and saw how you were I was terrified, I didn't know what to do or what was wrong."

"What you are telling me leads me to believe that you are a true submissive so okay we are going to enter new ground because I have never thought of myself as the Dom type but if it means that you will feel safer and not as nervous and shy then I will have to become your Mistress. So Tiff from now on when in private together you will call me your Mistress."

"Now let's set some rules. From now on you are going to behave yourself and when you have a worry you will tell your Mistress. Step out of line and I will spank you just as Belinda did. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Okay, now earlier this morning you said that you wished you were dead. That will never happen again and I am now going to punish you. Remove your shorts and bend over my knee. Come on stop wasting time or it will be worse for you."

Bending over Jazz's knee Tiff waited as Jazz began massaging across her butt and then slap Tiff jerked as she felt the first hard slap. Jazz took her time and between every five slaps she slid her fingers along Tiffs wet pussy. As the spanking continued so Tiffs pussy became wetter. At last on the twentieth Jazz continued to stroke Tiffs pussy until she began to press back into the fingers as they slid in and along her wet cunt lips. Finally, with a quiet groan Tiff's orgasm began to build. Continuing to slide across Tiffs Clit Jazz smiled as she recognised her approaching crisis.

With a scream that brought the birds into the air Tiff thrust up as her orgasm finally crashed through her. Jazz held her as Tiffs cum flowed onto her knees. After fifteen minutes Tiff looked at her Mistress and began to cry. 

"Why are you crying now Tiff?"

"Oh Mistress this is the second time you have made love to me and I still have to make love to you."

Hugging Tiff, Jazz told her not to worry because she would get all the time she wanted when they got back to the boat. Hugging her Mistress Tiff lay her head on Jazz's shoulder and rested peacefully for a good hour.

"Come on little one let's continue our walk we have about twenty minutes before we come back to the pool where we swim."

Pulling her shorts over her red butt Tiff quickly hurried to catch up. As she walked Tiff could not stop feeling guilty about what she had told Jazz. She accepted that Belinda and everything she did was true but she also knew that she had given Jazz a false story. She accepted that she was submissive and that she was mentally affected because her parents had abandoned her.

As they walked Tiff continued her soliloquy, asking herself the questions, wanting the answers and yet not getting them. "Oh God how do I explain it all to Jazz? After all it is not just a lie it is something more than that. It's simply that I cannot come to the reality of the case. I love Jazz I love her to distraction but how do I tell her that I was almost three when I was left outside the orphanage? How do I explain that when I attended the eighteen year camp I was raped? How can I explain that I am not a virgin and yet so naive? I honestly wish I were dead. Life's hell."

Just as Tiff came to the end of her soliloquy they rounded the corner arriving at the shallow side of the waterfall pool. Tiff quickly motioned for Jazz to sit on the grass. 

"Mistress, darling Jazz I have to talk there is still so much to tell you. I haven't lied to you I have simply told a fictitious story. I wasn't a baby a few days old when I was abandoned, I was three years old and ever since I have felt unwanted. When I turned eighteen I got to attend a Christian camp, it went over four nights. On the second night we watched a film in the big meeting marquee, as I walked back to my tent someone dragged me into the bushes and raped me. It was never found out if the person was a member of the camp or some stranger. So when I told you I was a virgin I basically lied to you and yet I am as naive as a young teenager. I may not be a virgin as we know it but I act more like a virgin. When I said earlier today that I wished I were dead I meant it and still do. If it were not for you I think I would have taken an overdose by now. I was at that point when Ronnie introduced us."

"Oh darling Tiff thank you for coming out with the full story because I was at wits end. Now we can work on putting all your skeletons in a big cupboard and locking it away. I have one request of you: would you talk with Ronnie about this as well. I mean on a professional level so it is only for her ears. Darling she is the person who can best help you with this. You have my love and support but we need Ronnie's professional expertise, look I will talk to her first warm her up so to speak. Anyway it may be interesting because as I have said she still has not told all her reasons for bringing us together.

"Okay if you recommend it: yes. I love you and trust you Jazz now let's take that swim and then we can go back to the boat. I want to make love to you: but you will have to help me because that is what I was so frightened about this morning."

Stripping off they swam around in the pool for a long time. Before getting out they swam up under the fall. Taking Tiff in a deep hug Jazz shared deep tongue kiss until at last she led Tiff back to the grass. "Come on baby we have a long walk back to the boat. Plenty of time for everything else tonight. Tomorrow we return home but we don't have to leave until after lunch."

It was getting dark as they climbed on deck. Jazz went and started to prepare a light meal while Tiff opened a bottle of Burgundy. Sitting out on the deck sipping their wine Tiff asked Jazz why Ronnie had wanted them to meet so badly.

"I am not sure but I think she recognized that you needed a solid companion who was sympathetic enough to help you. As far as I was concerned she knew that since she and I had been fuck partners I had only had one relationship and that ended in disaster. Simply put my little flower she was matchmaking. She has read us like a book, you were nervous and frightened of your own shadow and I was a disaster when it came to finding a good match. Darling after University and I split up with the woman I had met and before Felicity entered my life I had survived on one night stands with women I would pick up in the bars and pubs. Sometimes it was a good experience and often I got hurt. I literally survived on wandering into lesbian clubs and bars and then along came Felicity, she wooed me like the professional she was and I took the bait hook, line and sinker. Ronnie met her two days after we first made love and she told me then that it could only end in my getting seriously hurt and of course she was right. So here we are, you the naive little girl not knowing about sex and me, the big girl, naive about how to find a permanent sex partner. My precious little flower however you want to look at it ... we are the same."

"You remember me saying that Ronnie never forgave me for leaving her? Even after she had begun to sleep with Lainey she wanted to re-new our affair. I think she has forgotten about it now, after all she and Lainey are very much the couple. At least I hope so because it will never happen."

Moving closer to her Tiff kissed Jazz's lips with the lightest of touches. Her tongue sliding and Jazz sucking on it. Pulling back Tiff asked how to make love and being told to do what feels good for her she closed back in and sucked on Jazz's proffered tongue. They kissed like this for an age but slowly Tiff slid her hand under Jazz's Tee Shirt massaging the swollen nipples. Hearing jazz's quiet moan she lifted the Tee Shirt over her shoulders and closing down onto her nipples began to lick and suck them. 

"Let's go to bed and continue there this breeze is getting quite cool."

Entering the cabin Jazz shucked out of her shorts noticing Tiffs eyes drop to her bare fleshy mound with thick lips already beading with moisture. 

"Do you like what you are seeing honey?"

"You are so beautiful and sexy but how can I satisfy you when I have no experience?"

"I have already told you my love simply do what you liked so much last night. You cannot make a mistake and my body will tell you when you are getting close."

Tiff almost felt embarrassed as she stared at Jazz's perfect beauty and then with a breathless anticipation she went down on Jazz, licking her breasts as her fingers stimulated the other. Slowly swirling her tongue around the swollen nubs she lightly bit a nipple and hearing Jazz cry out she immediately sat back thinking she had done something to hurt her. 

"Come on little one you are doing it so good just continue as you have started and you will be amazed at the effect you have."

Returning with new found vigor Tiff started to lick and nip the swollen nipples as her fingers slid along Jazz's thigh to her knee. Running her fingertips along the silken skin she heard her moan quietly. She repeated the slide down along the other thigh and again slid back up close to the wet mound. Again Jazz moaned and this time Tiff slid away from the breasts that had captivated her and licked her way down towards her lover's sweet humid sex. She felt her fingers slide up to where she knew her clit was and scratched her nail across it hearing Jazz's gasp as she lifted up towards Tiff's fingers. Feeling that what she was doing was right Tiff continued to slide across the swollen bud of Jazz's clit feeling her excitement grow every time she tweaked it. Finding more confidence, she pressed a finger deep into Jazz's wet pussy as her other hand continued to tease and stimulate her clit. Until after many tens of minutes she heard Jazz cry out as her stomach tightened and her hips began to vibrate as her orgasm began to erupt and then with another even louder scream her whole body convulsed with the final violent eruption. 

After another long-time Jazz's eyes fluttered open and looking at Tiff with lust filled eyes she sat up taking her head in her hands as Jazz's tongue grazed Tiff's lips, not demanding entry, but a silken invitation. Closing her eyes tightly, Tiff tilted her head back and tried to let go and enjoy the moment. Her lips parted and Jazz's soft tongue slipped between them. Coming up for air Jazz told Tiff that she had never had never imagined anyone like her.

"Darling you are so perfect, the complete lover, I understand you have serious issues but you are already beginning to sort them out. When we came back from our walk you were worried about making love to me. Darling you have passed that test. Okay? Next week we will invite Ronnie over and then she will help you with the rape and everything else."