 As a disclaimer - all characters in this story are over 18. Any similarity in names or people is purely coincidence and unintentional.

Typically I write stories that involve me. Usually these are fantasies of mine or things I wish I had done. Often portions of them are true. I have always been sexually adventurous and some of things I actually have done might surprise or even shock you. Either way I hope they excite you - make you wet or hard as the case may be. 

This is a story about Tiffany. I know, I know, but I often picture myself as the protagonist in my stories. This will be a multi part story and will cross multiple genres. Lesbian, Anal, Incest/taboo, and Non consent. These are all topics that get my motor running. So sit back and enjoy. As always comments are welcome, but no haters! XOXO

*****

Tiffany leaned back and let her mind wander. Ms. Barrett was going on about some obscure writer's profound impact on 20th century writings and the importance of blah, blah, blah. Usually she paid much better attention in class, but lately she seemed to be having trouble. That's because lately her thoughts mainly focused around sex. Not just any kind of sex, but the mind blowing, knock your panties off kind of sex she read about on line. 

At 18 years old she was certainly no slut, but nor was she a stranger to the old in and out. The problem was it never did anything for her. She never orgasmed with her boyfriend. At first she thought she had some peculiar hang up that would keep her from orgasming, but quickly discarded that notion. She came like a fire hose when she masturbated. No she needed something. Something she was missing, but it was like an itch she couldn't scratch. It filled her mind, interrupted her thoughts and finally could no longer be denied. 

Her itch? Girls! Lately she began fantasizing more and more about girls. But not just lesbian sex. She wanted to be someone's slut, their pussy pleasing plaything (how's that for alliteration for you Ms. Barrett?). She wanted to be someone's lesbian slut...of course it was just a fantasy. She couldn't. Not without becoming an outcast. Oh in certain circles being a lesbian or even bisexual was kind of cool and could even make someone more popular. But she already was one of the in crowd. She and her three friends were at the Apex of the female student body at Eastside High. She was supposed to be popular and pretty, a trend setter, a cheerleader with some jock boyfriend that made all the other girls green with envy. And that's exactly what she was.

What she wanted, was to be taken control of, fucked 2-3 times every night...made to do embarrassing things, turned into a hot little lesbian. Not the stereotypical life that she had achieved, none of that seemed worth the pretty senior's attention anymore.

Ms. Barrett certainly warranted attention though. She was young for a teacher. Mid 20's, dark hair, blue eyes. Pretty by anybody's definition. She wore business suit ensembles or dresses, usually. Today she had on a black jacket and skirt with a blue blouse underneath that matched her eyes. Ms. Barrett was the main reason she had taken the Honor's class. She certainly didn't need the English credit. Although she figured getting college credit early was a good thing. No, she took it so that she could indulge in her little lesbian fantasies revolving around Ms. Barrett. 

She also sought and got permission from the faculty to use her final elective class to act as a student helper to Ms. Barrett. Ostensibly it was to help her pursue a career as an English Teacher, the reality was it got her closer to her fantasy woman. Who knew? Perhaps she really would become a teacher.

As Tiffany stared at her English teacher, letting her mind play out a little fantasy involving having to eat Ms. Barrett's pussy. Ms. Barrett looked on her favorite student and beamed. God was there ever a more attentive student she thought? She wants to be a teacher so bad that she is willing to give me her undivided attention on this boring crap. Half the other kids in here had probably fallen asleep already. She thought how Tiffany was such an exception to stereotypes. Sitting there in her cute little cheerleader's uniform, she was the epitome of sex appeal, yet she was smart, kind and hardworking. She was also gorgeous and very popular.

It wasn't the first time that Amy Barrett had had these thoughts. She was also pragmatic enough to know that the main reason she enjoyed the attention from this girl, one of the exalted ones of the school, was that when she was in high school she never would have received the time of day from someone like Tiffany. Her own high school experience being woefully uninspiring and lonely.

Ms. Barrett was wrapping up the lesson just moments before the bell rang. "Ms. Peterson? Can you assist me with the journal writing helpers?"

"Yes Ms. Barrett!" The reply was automatic from Tiffany but Ms. Barrett was already heading into the storage room. 

When Tiffany entered she stopped up short. Ms. Barrett was bent over and with both hands she was trying to drag a heavy black trunk out of the clutter. Her heart shaped ass was right in Tiffany's face. Oh shit Tiffany thought, look at that. Damn! 

Ms. Barrett all of a sudden let out a yell as she lost her grip and went flying backward an old projector stand crashing down right next to her. Tiffany jumping out of the way watched as the pretty teacher landed on the object that she had just been admiring. Tiffany moved the stand out of the way (it was actually quite light) and rushed over to help, only to pull up short staring at her teacher. Ms. Barrett was sitting on her rump, her skirt was bunched up around her thighs and her legs splayed out. She was wearing a garter belt and stockings and light blue panties. The panties were tight against her pussy and what she would have sworn was a little wet spot was visible. She looks like a lingerie model Tiffany thought. After months of fantasizing Tiffany saw her opportunity.

Ms. Barrett opened her mouth to exclaim her clumsiness and ask for help, when she saw that the pretty cheerleader was looking at her lingerie. Oh shit was that desire she was seeing? Certainly not, but the open lust on Tiffany's face seemed unmistakable.

"I'm sorry that was clumsy of me" She exclaimed.

Tiffany shook her head, "no just an accident!" There was a small cut on Ms. Barrett's leg and her stocking was torn. "Oh Ms. Barrett your leg is cut!"

Ms. Barrett looked at her leg the cut was high up on her thigh, near her stocking top. She looked and saw the metal cross piece for the stand up projector, it must have scraped her when it fell.

"No big deal Tiffany, its nothing!"

Tiffany was already moving. Reaching into her purse she pulled out her makeup bag. In the side pocket was a bandage and antiseptic.

"Here let me help, that could be get infected"

"It's quite alright Tiffany. Go on you will be late for class."

"It's ok Ms. Barrett I have free period now, then lunch after." She reached out and unclasped the stocking on one side from Ms. Barrett's garter belt and then slid the stocking a little down. 

"Tiffany...?"

"It won't take a second, Ms. Barrett!" Tiffany said, her hands already setting actions to words.

Ms. Barrett stopped protesting. Oh shit she thought her hands are dangerously close to my pussy. Then she realized how wet she was. I need to put a stop to this, but how? Can she tell how wet I am? 

Tiffany used a tissue to wipe the blood away. Then got out the antiseptic and rubbed it into the wound. She could feel the heat coming off of Ms. Barrett's skin. She also detected a faint mouth watering aroma of a very wet pussy. She was using her middle finger to wipe on the antiseptic and her pointer finger brushed right against Ms. Barrett's wet slit. She felt a shudder pass through her patient.

She got out the bandage, put it on, then re-clasped the stocking, smoothing it in place. 

"There all better, Ms. Barrett."

"Tha...thank you Tiffany!"

"No problem. Now lets get those manuals." Tiffany smiled, she looked like the cat who got the cream. Only she knew where the cream was. Damn right I do she thought. Its in Ms. Barrett's panties. Mine too!

"Is this the box?" Tiffany asked.

"No its up on the shelf. The janitor must have put them there. I was just going to use that to stand on" Ms. Barrett stated as she got to her feet.

Tiffany looked at it doubtfully. "Here let me. I should be able to reach if you keep me steady"

Tiffany climbed up on the box. Then up onto her tip toes. This put the 18 year old's ass level with Ms. Barrett's face. Oh my god she thought, will you look at this girls butt. God what I wouldn't have done to have a figure like hers back in high school? She reached out a hand to the back of Tiffany's thigh to help steady her. Tiffany's balance shifted and before Ms. Barrett realized it she had her other hand up and resting on the pretty cheerleaders bottom.

"Thanks!" Tiffany said, "Hold me steady and I will pull the box down!"

To Ms. Barrett it felt almost like Tiffany was deliberately rubbing her ass on her hand. She glanced up and saw Tiffany staring at her.

"Here you go Ms. Barrett." Tiffany hopped lightly down. "See you this afternoon!"

Tiffany hurried down the hall. Oh my god she thought. That was so awesome! The look on her face when I touched her pussy! She was so wet. And why the garter belt getup? Her hand on my ass. God she smelled so good. Oh shit I'm soaked.

Looking at the clock she saw that she still had almost 20 mins left in her free period. Good I need it, she thought. She hurried to the bathroom near the Chem Lab. The bathroom was set kind of out of the way on the far side of the school. What made it ideal for her purposes was that it only had 2 stalls. So it was usually pretty empty.

Pushing through the door, she found to her relief that it was indeed empty. She wasted no time in grabbing the far stall and locking the door.

Putting her purse on the hook, she reached under her skirt and removed her bloomers, shoving them into her purse. She was so wet that she had soaked through her thong. That to went into her purse.

Sitting down she ran her hand up between her legs, past events running through her mind. Ms. Barrett's little blue panties framed by her stocking straps. The feel of her wet panties. Her heat! She imagined that she could still smell her Teacher's pussy. She could easily smell her own. God she was starting to drip. She looked down at her own pussy. It was shaved except for a little landing strip...lips open and glistening. She wondered what Ms. Barrett's pussy looked like. Was it shaved like hers? Completely bald? She lightly touched her clit but it was too soon. Her other hand massaged her breasts through her sweater. She moaned softly. In her minds eye she could see herself. Instead of unclasping Ms. Barrett's stocking she was sliding her panties down. A light bush came into view already dripping with arousal. Her hands started moving faster, her breathing coming quicker and her moans louder. She bit her lip to stifle her moans and slid a finger inside. Her world dissolved into the feeling of her approaching orgasm and the fantasy in her mind. 

She was eating Ms. Barrett's pussy. Ms. Barrett was eating hers. Now she was doing it in front of the senior class. Ms. Barrett fingering her pussy, her ass, riding her face. The images came one after another, with no coherency at all. She braced a hand against the side of the stall. She was moaning uncontrollably now. She was going to cum!

Bam! Bam! Bam! Someone was banging on the side of the stall! 

"Jeez! Get a room why don't you? Some of us are trying to pee! I'm sure they can hear you in the Chem lab!"

Tiffany couldn't speak. She was too busy cumming! Shit someone must have come in while she was going to town on herself. She heard the toilet flush and jumped up. Grabbing her purse she fled!

She was 2 hallways away before she burst out laughing. Holy shit that was close she thought. Then...the perfect crime! Ha, ha, ha. A moment later she stopped dead. Crap I'm not wearing any panties or my bloomers. Her cum was also still leaking down her leg. Well, the panties were soaked any way so ducking between 2 sets of lockers, she used them to wipe herself. Then put them back in her purse and slipped on the bloomers. It was almost lunch time and she had worked up an appetite.

Ms. Barrett put the last of the journal helpers on the floor near her desk. She was distracted, thinking about the events of the morning. Shit! She hadn't really done anything wrong, besides her underwear were her own business. 

She was glad it was Tiffany Peterson and not one of the boys in the class. If that had been the case it would be all over the school by now. Hey! Did you hear? Ms. Barrett wears lingerie under her clothes! What? Honest to god! She must be some kind of slut. 

Damnit! She looked at the clock 10 mins before her next class. The truth was she wore lingerie under her clothes because it made her feel more confident, more sure of herself and more sexy! She was a late bloomer in life. In high school and early in college she struggled with her self image and confidence. She had discovered the lingerie kick almost by accident.

It was her sister's wedding. During the bachelorette party the Bride's maids all got matching lingerie. It was supposed to be a fun, sexy gift that her sister purchased for them. 

Amy's sister had been her exact opposite, a social butterfly, confident and secure. However during the reception she was as surprised as everyone else in her sister's behavior. Many people made the comment that it finally appeared that little Amy was coming out of her shell. None of the bridesmaids, nor the bride attributed it to the sexy lingerie set she was wearing under her dress. Even Amy was surprised by her own behavior. She was funny, flirty and confident. She danced with every hunky guy available and was pretty much the life of the party. 

The next day though...? Boring, bland Amy was back. Most attributed her behavior the next day to being hung over from the party. But Amy knew what it was. 

And that was how it started. She went on a shopping spree after that. She only bought the best. Garter belts, panties and bras. Corsets, silk stockings - everything matched and complimented each other. She found that when she was sexy underneath her clothes she was also sexy on the outside. The set her sister had gotten her took a place of preference in her closet. A white and pale green garter belt and bra with a matching thong that she still wore to this day.

That had been 3 years ago. 

Nowadays she knew that her behavior had changed for the good. She didn't really need the lingerie anymore, but she kept it up. It still made her feel more confident but she mainly wore sexy lingerie because she liked it. It excited her. 

It turned her on to be sitting there 

listening to Mr. Darvis drone on about budgeting or some other boring topic, knowing that his eyes would pop out of his head if she stood up and removed her dress. She would sit there with a wet pussy feeling confident, sexy and in control.

So everyday she would wear matching bras and panty sets. Garter belts and stockings. The occasional Corset. Her pussy was in a constant state of arousal. By the time she got home she was usually so turned on that the first thing she did was masturbate. She wasn't dating and live alone so she pretty did as she pleased. 

Tiffany Peterson. She thought...Why am I so turned on? I'm not a lesbian. Sure in high school there was a brief period where she contemplated it, mainly as a last ditch effort to be relevant but that was as far as it ever went. And of course she had had thoughts, what woman hadn't? But could she eat another woman's pussy? She hadn't really ever tasted herself not because of any aversion, but mainly because all her masturbation fantasies were usually tied up in how she looked or how others (usually men) saw her. 

But now her body was telling her that it was way past its normal state of arousal. That face! That tight little body! That pert little ass!

She sat up straight. What the hell am I thinking? This is one of my students. But her pussy had other ideas. Tiffany Peterson. She and her 3 friends. Kelly Lambert, Payton Cooper and Amber Sims. All of them cheerleaders and drop dead gorgeous. What did they call themselves? The 4? She was on fire. The bell rang. She knew she would have to put it out when she got home. She only hoped she could wait that long!

Tiffany strolled into the lunch area. She was a few minutes late. She had had to stop in the bathroom and get herself in order. Looking in the mirror she had looked like someone who had just gotten fucked. She saw Payton and Amber at the center table and wound her way over to them.

"Tiffany!" Amber squealed, "Please tell Miss Sappy Ass here why we don't let boyfriends sit with us at lunch!"

Payton rolled her eyes.

"Its to show our united front. Not all of us have boyfriends with the same lunch period. So we only sit together. That way it doesn't look like one of us is without a boyfriend!" Tiffany stated like she was reciting a pledge.

Amber laughed.

"Well duh! I know that. It's still a dumb rule!" Payton said.

Tiffany agreed. 

That among other unwritten rules had come from Kelly. The unofficial leader and fourth member of their group. She came strolling up while they were talking.

"What up Bitches?" Kelly said with a cheery smile.

They called themselves the 4. All of them 18 years old, cheerleaders, pretty and popular. A lot of kids called them the Fab 4 or The Fantasy 4. Not without envy, sometimes mockingly (but never where it could be overheard) and always with the clear understanding that these 4 girls ran the school. Oh the boys had their own counterpart, its members and numbers always fluctuating, but it went unspoken that the girls ruled. Usually by the trends they set, the guys they dated, the parties they gave or attended, but mainly by the influence on the rest of the female population they had. And if they weren't allowed to hold sway? Well then no parties would be attended, no eye candy to be shown around with reputations to be made and No Pussy!

Anybody observing them (and to be honest nearly every head in the lunch room would turn to them at one point or another - like moths to a flame or metal filings to a magnet), would see 4 visions of beauty. 4 Goddesses come to earth to grace the lowly inhabitants with their presence. Their beauty, Their sex appeal!

Tiffany was of medium height. Green eyes the color of emeralds and hair like ringlets of fire. Her skin was much more tanned than normal for one with her red hair. Her breasts were high and firm and her ass pert and tight. She had a capital C on her cheerleader uniform.

Kelly was slightly taller than Tiffany's height. Her hair was a very pale blond. Tiffany knew that she did everything she could to keep it that way and that she also had on blue colored contact lenses. The whole effect had her looking like a real life version of a certain cold Disney Princess. Her breasts were big and firm. Her ass was enough to turn every head in school, faculty or student. They called her the ice queen and she pretty much lived up to it. Tiffany also knew that the reason Kelly stood close to her so often was so that people could see the striking color differences between them. She also knew that Kelly's pussy hair matched that which was on her head. Like Tiffany she kept a strip so "people" could see that she was a natural blond. She had a C on her cheerleader uniform that matched the one on Tiffany's. 

Payton was kind of tall. With brown hair in a flip bob hairstyle and big dark eyes. Her breasts were on the small side but her ass more than made up for it. She had just started dating Bryce Wells the high school baseball stud and was just a tad bit infatuated with him. Tiffany eyed her with some amusement. Unlike Tiffany and Kelly she shaved her pussy completely, because as Kelly had once said, "Only blondes and red heads should have landing strips! Who cares if your a brunette?" Her uniform boasted a capital A.
