 These are the final two chapters to my story TIFFANY. Enjoy!

*****

CHAPTER FOUR

SHIPBOARD ROMANCE

It was obvious that Jazz had already left for the docks and the Cruise Ship. Running very late Tiff grabbed her bags and went outside to meet the Taxi telling herself that she would shower once in her cabin.

Tiff had booked a single inside cabin on the third deck and entering her cabin she quickly took a shower and changed into more appropriate clothing before going on deck to watch the ship sail down the harbor and out to the open sea. Standing at the railing she looked around for Jazz but it was not possible to see much with the milling crowd with the waiters serving complimentary glasses of Campaign and hors d'oeuvres. With slight vibrations of the engines they began to slide silently from their birth and turning to sail up the harbor. It was a perfect windless evening with a night sky lit with fairy light stars and the brightest of full moons. 

Turning out to the open sea the ship began to lift to the ocean swell but as it was so calm the movement was only slight and Tiff was not concerned about feeling sick. Quickly turning back and going down to the main restaurant she ordered a light meal and wine before returning to her cabin and catching an early night. The following morning was uneventful and after breakfast Tiff lay on a sun lounge catching up on lost reading time. As the day was still perfectly calm with a mill pond like ocean she changed for dinner. Taking her table for one she wondered where Jazz was. She wasn't worried because this was the arrangement but she had thought that they may have caught a glimpse of each other.

After dinner and with a great dance band playing a wonderful selection of music Tiff decided to return to the bar and order a Boston Sour. The lighting around the bar area was muted and turning back with her drink she was startled when a women crashed into her arm knocking the drink from her hand. After much embarrassment and apologies, the women took Tiffs hand and they returned to the bar to order fresh drinks.

"Oh I am so, so sorry have I ruined your dress?''

"No don't worry it mostly splashed over my arm."

"Oh God how embarrassing let me introduce myself, I am Sonja. Yes, it is a strange name but in English it is Sonya and that is how it is pronounced. My mother was Norwegian while my father was Swedish. They emigrated when I was twelve so that explains my accent."

Taking Sonja's hand Tiff introduced herself and motioned for them to take a seat in the muted light of the bar area. Finding a deserted corner, they sat opposite each other. As they drank Tiff observed Sonja. She was incredibly beautiful, not tall with small pert breasts, blond hair and the most startling jade green eyes. She was wearing a pastel green skirt and floral top. Tiff found a strange attraction to her and tried to start a conversation. 

"So are you on board with your family or have you come with friends?"

"I am alone, this is my first cruise and I am feeling nervous because I am prone to motion sickness."

"So am I but I think as long as the ocean remains like this I will be fine. Would you like another drink?"

"No I think I am okay drink wise for the time being."

They sat in an awkward silence. Tiff was finding that she was beginning to feel quite warm and it was not to do with the inside temperature. She was very attracted to the strange quiet woman sitting opposite her and she could feel her thong becoming damp. Trying to get a conversation started she spoke again.

"Isn't the band good, I love this kind of music. Do you like dancing."

"Oh yes my whole family are very good dancers and my parents won many ball room dance competitions. I would love to dance will you join me?"

"Yes but I am not much good at dancing."

Getting up Tiff lead Sonja onto the dance floor where Sonja immediately took charge. "I will lead and you simply follow and we will get along famously."

The band was playing a quick set of music and the people swirled around the dance floor. Just as Tiff was feeling tired the band changed and began to play a slow more romantic style of music. Moving in close Sonja took Tiff in her arms and placing her head on Tiffs shoulders began to move in a slow clench. As they danced Tiff allowed her hand to drop onto Sonja's butt while her other arm moved low across her partners well-formed hips. They continued dancing like this until the band began to play another set of quicker dance tunes. Sonja reacted quickly, leading Tiff off the floor and walking out onto the deck. 

Taking Sonja's hand in hers Tiff led them along the dark quiet deck. Overhead there was again the brightly lit sky and the moon seemed even brighter. Standing hand in hand at the railing Tiff gasped with wonder when she saw a shooting star, its streaming tail race across the night sky. "Did you make a wish? Shooting stars are always good luck." 

Sonja remained silent, so slowly draping her hand around her waist Tiff led them on down the deck. Stopping again in the shelter of a stairway leading onto the upper deck Sonja turned and kissed Tiff lightly on the forehead. To Tiff the kiss was like an electric shock and she stood back knowing that her white thong would now be almost transparent. Seeing that Sonja was about to speak Tiff acted quickly and drawing her in close placed the lightest of feather like kisses to her lips. Sonja didn't react, just standing with her lips just a few centimeters' away from Tiff's. Taking the lead Tiff again placed a slightly longer firmer kiss to her lips. Again Sonja didn't react so Tiff closed in and this time as her lips connected with Sonja's she allowed her tongue to slide slowly along the line of her partly open lips. 

This time Sonja reacted and quickly sucking on Tiffs tongue drew in for a deeper kiss. As her open lips closed onto Tiff's tongue Sonja felt her partners hand massage slowly across her butt. As Tiff held the kiss she heard Sonja quietly moan closing in for an even deeper more urgent kiss.

Tiff's hands were now freely feeling and touching Sonja on her butt and easing between them to feel across her breasts. She could now hear Sonja's not so silent moans and pants and understood that soon something more positive was going to be needed. As she thought this, Sonja stood back and looking intently into Tiffs eyes told her in a soft quiet almost timid voice that she had never done this before. 

"Don't feel embarrassed you are absolutely radiant; the most desirably breathtaking woman I have ever been with."

"Oh you exaggerate. But Tiff I have truly never done this before, well not with a woman anyway."

"What do you mean, what are you looking for?" Said Tiff as her eyes wandered from Sonja's lips down to the area where her blouse exposed the soft, lightly tanned flesh just above the rim of her dress. For Tiff the night was suddenly filled with a deep and longing feeling of sexual expectancy. She had the deepest of desires to take this hauntingly beautiful woman in her embrace and make wild passionate love.

Again their mouths met with lips open in expectancy as their tongues sort each other and again began the dance of love. Then again Sonja stood back and looking Tiff lovingly in the eyes told her that she wanted Tiff to fuck her. On hearing this Tiffs heart leaped over the moon and taking her in a close clench quickly led Sonja down to the third deck and the privacy of her cabin.

When the door clicked shut both women began to get naked. As Sonja reached for her thong Tiff asked her to leave it because she wanted to remove it. Taking the beautiful Scandinavian in her arms Tiff looked intently into her forest green eyes. Looking back Sonja felt the deep passion of the moment as she looked into the deepest of blue eyes of the woman who was soon to take her bisexual virginity. Falling backwards onto the bed she allowed her legs to drop open waiting for Tiff to join her.

Tiff stood looking down on the woman that she wanted to make love to. Suddenly her thoughts were chaotic because she felt her usual panic rising in her breast and then remembering that this time it was Sonja who was the inexperienced and that she was about to become the leader she relaxed and lay on her side looking at the soft slightly parted lips before her.

Leaning in closer Tiff kissed the soft luscious lips feeling her tongue begin to dance across its partner. Understanding that Sonja was very new to this Tiff took everything slowly. She kissed along Sonja's soft jawline and licking down and continuing onto the dip between her breasts. She remained in the valley for a long time simply kissing and sucking the soft pliant flesh before beginning the fated climb to the crowning nipples standing high demanding her attention. Sonja moaned quietly as she felt Tiffs fingers slide across the tip of her left nipple and as the erotic stimulation continued so she lifted slightly to the wonderfully annoying fingers. She then growled when she felt the first slow lick of Tiffs subtle tongue. Tonguing and sucking the distended nipple brought constant gasps and pants from Sonja. Again taking it all softly, softly Tiff built Sonja to a crest of passion before allowing her to drop back. 

Sucking and nipping her nipples Tiff allowed a hand to slowly track down her left thigh sliding erotically to the sensitive flesh at the back of her knee before sliding again up the inner thigh sliding frustratingly close to her pussy. 

They continued like this with Tiff slowly applying more stimulation to Sonja's wildly erotic state. When she tweaked her finger across the tip of her sensitive clit Tiff felt Sonja lift wildly towards her as she took large handful of blanket in her hands crying out at the same time Tiff knew that Sonja's first orgasm was close.

Sliding down she mouthed across the wet mound breathing hot air onto her clit feeling the thighs tighten against her as she sucked the exposed clit into her lips flicking her tongue across the tip as Sonja almost sat up and then dropping back with short sharp pants submitting to the inevitable orgasm as it began to roll through her. Tiff felt her lower body thrust into her mouth as the eruptions of orgasm became ever stronger. Then with a cry of anguish Sonja sat up straining as the last violent eruption boiled through her. Tiff continued to suck and lick as Sonja's cum flowed onto her tongue.

Tiff sat back slowly fingering her desperate clit as Sonja lay in an almost comatose state breathing in short gasps, one leg outstretched as the other bent up at a wide angle the cum still dripping from her swollen cunt. When she looked up with exhausted eyes at Tiff and smiling wanly, Tiff slowly lay next to her and taking her lips in a long heated kiss moved between the offered legs and moving into a slightly raised position began to move slowly against Sonja's pussy. Each movement also brought pleasure to Tiffs desperate cunny. They continued, the movements becoming stronger and more urgent until crying out Sonja announced her second orgasm as Tiff felt an amazing crescendo as her own orgasm exploded through her. They kept thrusting desperately trying to continue the glorious mutual orgasm as the vibrations continued to roll through them. Finally, they lay back looking into each other's sex dazed eyes. When Tiff began to again slide down to Sonja's swollen pussy she was held her back.

"Please darling not now, I am exhausted. I thought I knew everything about an orgasm but you have re-defined it for me. Please Tiff precious, let me sleep now after all it must be well after three and we have the rest of the cruise to go."

Tiff slid over Sonja and softly kissed her eyes before sliding into a tight spoon and relaxing into sex satisfied sleep.

Sonja gasped awake when she felt Tiff slide a finger across her clit. As the finger continued its exploration of the swollen love bud Sonja became more excited lifting into the annoyingly beautiful finger as Tiff slowly leaned down and taking her lips in hers offered her tongue: with caressing tongues and feather like kisses the erotic heat gradually grew. 

As Tiff slid a hand onto Sonja's now heaving breasts she heard a sultry moan as her finger scraped across the puckered nipple. Feeling the gentle movement as Sonja's legs open giving her fingers enough room to slip down and begin to lightly massage the sensitive flesh of her inner thigh. Sonja held her breath as the fingers slid close along the edge of her pussy and releasing the air with a soft drawn out sigh as her legs opened further.

Becoming bolder Tiff began a soft tongue glide down the silken highway to the sweet moisture of Sonja's cunt. With soft subtle movement she slipped her tongue across Sonja's swollen bud of sensitivity hearing the long drawn sigh as she sucked on it as her finger slid along the soft moist lips of her pussy. With just the slightest pressure she opened the lips and dropping a little further causing her lover to cry out as her lips nipped her sensitive clit.

With a gentle tonguing slide Tiff licked towards the sweet tasting center of Sonja's sex. Thrusting between the heavy swollen lips as a finger thrust deeper and with soft motion began to finger fuck her. Crying out Sonja began to pump her hips onto Tiffs tongue and finger. She felt the rhythmic pulsing of the early stages of orgasm and began to move with greater urgency thrusting her hungry tongue deep along the crease of Sonja's sex as she pushed two more fingers deep into the steamy pulsing pussy. 

With a cry of wild satisfaction Sonja lifted and thrusting her cunt onto the beautiful fingers that were now curving across her 'G' spot and then with a series of deep pants she announced the beginning of another violent orgasm. Eruption upon stronger eruption rolled across and Tiff felt her lovers cum boil onto her fingers. At last with one final sighing gasp Sonja half sat before dropping back into light sleep.

Sliding close Tiff cuddled into Sonja's body cradling her head in her arms. With fluttering eyes Sonja looked into the deep blue pools of love.

"God what a way to wake up. Darling I think now is a good time for me to tell you my story. As I told you last night I have never been fucked by a woman before. You see I am married, my husband, David is an architect and we have three boys, Michael, David and Byron. Last week I picked up the wrong phone and saw a raunchy message from a young trainee who works at the firm my husband is employed at. Apparently he has been fucking her for almost twelve months. What really hurt was that she has been a guest at two parties that we have hosted. I immediately packed a bag and left. The boys were at school and as my mother said maybe David would understand the hard work I do supporting him and his three sons when I am not there."

"Last night I deliberately knocked your drink because I believed you were more into women than men. I desperately wanted to have sex with you because I recognized something different in your outlook."

"I don't understand: you say you saw that I was more into women?"

"I am very observant and I noticed your almost furtive glimpses at women around you. It reminded me of when I used to be in bars looking for that one-night stand. I also liked what I saw, you are beautiful and ooze sex. I don't know where this will take us I suppose it depends on what you are looking for."

"Darling I am also attached. The woman in my life is my savior. She has given me so much because when we first met I was little more than a girl in a woman's body I was frightened naive and very sensitive: terrified of making a fool of myself. In a way you have also helped because in you I found someone who needed me to take the lead. You have experienced the first sex with a woman and I have had to overcome my shyness to give you what you wanted. Yes, I agree I don't know our future but I have to tell you that it would take something very strong to make me leave Jazz."

"Is that her name ... Jazz?"

"Yes and she is also on this ship. We decided to take a holiday but not to be together. Maybe she has also found someone. Time will tell. Let's get some more sleep before going up for a late breakfast."

"Yes but before I come up for breakfast I must go to my cabin and get a change of clothes."

"Where is your cabin?"

"It's not as swanky as yours I am on the fifth deck well below the waterline."

"Look let's take a shower, then I will change and then we can go down to your cabin get and you change." 

Early the following morning back in Sonja's cabin Tiff knelt with her pussy over Sonja's mouth feeling the first tentative licks as Sonja tasted her first pussy. Lifting her head, she took nervous licks along the folds of Tiffs wet cunt. Then Tiff slid down onto her mouth. With Tiffs pussy just an inch above her Sonja felt Tiff begin to slide back and forth fucking herself against her mouth and thrusting tongue. 

Hearing Tiff's urgent moans Sonja began to moan as her hand reached down between her legs and start a quick massage of her so wet pussy. With Tiff fucking her face and her hand sliding faster and ever faster across the swollen nub of her clit Sonja began to feel her on coming orgasm. Becoming aware of Tiff's cry's as she felt her slide in a circular fashion across her lips: Sonja knew that they were both soon to experience a wild mutual orgasm together. At that moment they both tensed and crying "Sonja" and "Tiff" their orgasms began to pulse through them. With each boiling eruption they cried out louder until they both became stiff with the wanton magic of the final tsunami like wave of lust as their orgasm climaxed across them.

Slowly Tiff lifted off Sonja's wet face sliding back down next to her and cradling into her. Feeling the movement Sonja rolled to the side and spooned into her lover. They lay like that for what seemed a lifetime until Sonja found the strength to speak.

"Oh fuck yet another amazing orgasm and tomorrow is our last full day of the cruise. What is going to happen because the way I am feeling now I don't want this to end."

"Let's just play our time through, we still have one more night before we have to part and anything can happen in that time. The night has been so beautiful let's not ruin it with thinking of a future that may not happen. I have forgotten how many times we have cum, the bed feels like it's been out in the rain and the cabin must smell like a brothel. What will the stewardess think when she comes to make up the bed?"

Hearing the steady breathing of her partner Tiff realized she was talking to herself. Sonja was lying beside her with her mouth half open the reside of Tiffs massive orgasm glistening on her pussy in the dim light. Smiling she cuddled closer into her and closed her tired eyes.

They slept like this until early afternoon and getting up showered and went for a walk along the deck discussing what to do on their last evening. After much talk and even more close cuddles they decided to spend the final evening as they had on their first. Taking dinner, returning to the bar and dancing the night away before going back to Tiffs cabin and making wild passionate sex together.

They had just finished their evening meal and were wending their way to the bar when Sonja's phone rang. Standing next to her Tiff heard her mention her say David. She turned and began to walk towards the bar alone. Pausing at the door she looked back at Sonja and watched her deep in conversation with her husband and Tiff suddenly had a feeling that they had already made love for the last time. She stood thinking and deciding that she was still as horny as hell went into the bar to find a woman to celebrate her last night with. Walking up to the bar she noticed a woman standing facing the bar. Attracted to the strong shoulders Tiff walked up to her and took her in a hug kissing the side of her neck. When the woman turned Tiff was looking into the beautiful eyes of Jazz. 
