 Continued from Tina & Lisa Ch.01...

-----

The girls:

Tina, 23 (34B-24-35) 5'4" tall. A very pretty brunette with a slim, tight body from years of doing yoga. She has firm and perky tits and a completely shaved pussy with a piercing in her clit. She enjoys being in charge and takes great pleasure in fucking her girlfriend Lisa in both her holes with one of her big strap-ons.

Lisa, 21 (35B-25-35) 5'3" tall. This hot blonde is the typical sex kitten type. Her body toned from the gym and her skin tanned with no tan lines to be found anywhere. She also keeps her pussy completely shaved, since Tina introduced her to that a few years ago.

Mia, 24 (34C-23-34) 5'1" tall. Tina and Lisa's neighbor and a cute Asian girl. She's petite, but has large, fake tits, although done rather tastefully, so they don't seem too outlandish on her small frame. Her pussy is shaved like the other two girls, but she keeps a small heart-shaped patch above her mound.

-----

"I have an idea for later." Tina winked at Mia. "But first I want to eat that sexy pussy of yours, so take off your strap-on. Keep it close, we'll need it later though." Tina removed her own strap-on as well and put it on the nightstand, then she climbed on top of Mia in a 69 position and started licking the hot Asians shaved cunt.

Mia was squirming with pleasure, she'd been with several girls before, but never one this skilled at eating pussy. She reached up and grabbed Tina's firm ass, while sticking her tongue out and teasing the pierced clit of this horny lesbian. Both Tina and Lisa had shaved their pussies completely bare, it was obvious they enjoyed the smooth feel and she certainly couldn't blame them. "So what's this idea for later?" She inquired.

"You'll have to wait and see, it's pretty naughty though. I hope you'll like it." Tina giggled.

Mia laughed, "I'm sure I will, I like it naughty!" She licked up and down Tina's wet slit and stuck her tongue deep inside the warm hole. "You have such a nice pussy, it's just as nice as your little sluts cunt."

"Well yours certainly isn't bad either," Tina mumbled, licking at Mia's clit while she had two fingers buried in the sticky opening.

Lisa began moaning and she slowly opened her eyes, looking around groggily. It took her a few seconds to remember where she was and what was going on, the last thing she recalled was passing out from Tina and Mia's relentless fucking of her with those huge strap-ons. She reached down between her legs and gently ran a finger across her sore and distended holes, eliciting another delightful moan. Then she noticed her girlfriend and the sexy neighbor locked in a 69, furiously beating away at each others pussies with their fingers, totally oblivious to her waking up. She rolled onto her side and enjoyed the show with a lustful expression, letting a finger slide into her stretched pussy while she played with the weights hanging from her nipple clamps.

Both girls exploded in an orgasm at the same time and when their bodies calmed down, Tina noticed Lisa watching them and fingering herself at the same time. "Oh look who's awake! Hey gorgeous! Ready for some more kinky fun?"

Lisa smiled wickedly. "When am I not? As long as you promise to fuck me till I pass out again." She giggled.

"Oh you can be sure we'll try," Mia laughed.

Tina got up off the bed and went over to the toy drawer. Then she pulled out three double-ended dildos, all the same size around 24 inches long and 2 inches wide. "Time to play with these! Six ends for six holes!" Mia and Lisa gasped, but both were totally horny and wanted to play. "Lisa get on your hands and knees, Mia get on top of her with your pussy above hers." Both girls did as they were told and Tina started lubing all three dildos up, then she took a moment to enjoy the view, with her hot blonde girlfriend on her hands and knees with her legs spread out almost so she was lying prone and their sexy Asian neighbor on top of her, her delicious tits squished against Lisa's back and her legs wrapped around her waist. They were both breathing heavily and were obviously extremely turned on.

"Hmm lets see, where should I start? From Lisa's ass to Mia's pussy, then from Mia's ass to my pussy and one from my ass to Lisa's pussy. I think I'll start with that one." Tina stacked a few of their big pillows on the bed, then got on her back and scooted close to the two girls on their hands and knees, so both her holes would be close to theirs. Then she slowly inserted one end of one of the dildos in her ass, sliding it a third of the way in, the other end she stuck in Lisa's pussy that was still gaping a little from her rough fucking earlier. "So far, so good." She took another dildo and put it against Lisa's ass, but then she felt her girlfriends hand on her wrist, guiding it down to her already full pussy. 

"Stick it in there with the other one and really stuff my pussy!" Lisa begged.

"You nasty slut! You want two big cocks in your pussy, huh?" Tina asked, already aware of what the answer would be.

"Oh yes! Really stretch it out good please! And then you can do my ass later." Lisa replied, wiggling around as much as she could with Mia lying on top of her.

Tina was always pleasantly surprised, just how much of a nasty little whore her girlfriend could be. She squeezed two fingers in next to the dildo already in her sluts wet pussy and stretched it out a little more, before gently pushing the tip forward, inching the second cock inside that dripping tight hole. Lisa was moaning and whimpering, wanting nothing more than for Tina to ram those cocks in her pussy. She got her wish. When Tina had gotten the second cock inside a few inches, she roughly shoved it in further, until it was as deep as the other one.

"Ok, one little slut stretched, now to the second one!" Tina giggled, smacking Mia's firm ass a few times. Then she took the free end of the second cock in Lisa's pussy and bent it upwards, rubbing it along Mia's slit, lubricating it a bit more before plunging it inside the hot Asians cunt. Mia had been waiting patiently for her turn, playing with the nipple clamps still attached to Lisa's delicious tits, wondering why the blonde hadn't pulled them off when she had the chance. Now she could just moan as her pussy was getting stuffed with fake cock.

Tina pushed the cock deep inside Mia's wet hole, making sure it didn't slide back out, before she grabbed the third and last toy. This one, she pushed inside her own pussy first, having a bit of a hard time making it fit, since she already had one in her ass, tightening her up a bit. Slowly, she got it in and when it was buried 10 inches inside of her, she grabbed the other end and began poking around Mia's tight butt.

Mia had never been DP'ed before and here she was lying on top of a hot blonde lesbian slut with a big cock stuffed in her pussy, waiting for another hot lesbian to shove a cock up her ass. She was no stranger to anal sex though, her ex-girlfriend had enjoyed fucking her in the ass with their strap-ons more often than not and Mia definitely didn't mind repaying the favor either. And she was so horny, she couldn't remember the last time she'd been this excited, she'd had more orgasms with these two girls during the evening than the last few months combined.

With a firm grip on the fake cock, Tina shoved it hard up Mia's tight butt, not stopping until it was at least 10 inches inside. With all of the girls now having their pussy and ass filled (except for Lisa that had both in her pussy), she started rocking back and forth, causing all their dildos to push in and out of their stretched holes. It was quite a strange feeling, fucking both these girls at the same time as she was fucking herself, but it felt great and they were all moaning and writhing before long.

They fucked like this for a good while until their knees and leg muscles hurt from the exhaustion. Tina finally let herself slide backwards, making the cocks slip out of her pussy and ass. She helped Mia up, but told Lisa to stay on her hands and knees and keep those two cocks in her pussy. Tina went for her 11 inch strap-on and quickly put it on. "She did say I could do her ass later, what do you think Mia? Will this fit in there with those two cocks stretching her pussy out already?"

Mia's eyes widened. "Hmm. I don't know, it's awfully big."

Lisa was getting close to yet another orgasm and was in no mood to be left hanging like this. She looked back over her shoulder and put on her sluttiest smile. "Just put it in already! Ram that monster up my tight ass and fuck me really hard, you can make it fit I'm sure!" She reached back and pulled her asscheeks apart.

Tina laughed. "Well, I guess that settles it then." She smacked the firm ass in front of her, then grabbed the lube and made sure her obscene cock was as slick as it could possibly get. She inserted a finger inside Lisa's tight hole and twisted it around, teasing her hot girlfriend. Another finger went in and she could barely slide them in and out, it was so tight, it made her wonder how she would make the huge strap-on fit. There was only one way to find out though and with a firm push, the tip of her cock slipped inside, causing a near-instant orgasm for Lisa.

Slowly, the huge cock inched it's way deeper inside Lisa's tight ass. Mia had climbed below both the other girls and was busy licking the blondes clit, while stimulating it with her fingers. Occasionally, she would reach up and flick the weights that were somehow still attached to the nipple clamps on Lisa's tits.

After a while, and with numerous pitstops to apply more lube to her oversized fake cock, Tina finally managed to get it all the way inside her girlfriends back door. Grabbing her waist, she now began fucking it with a relentless rhythm, making Lisa scream in pleasure each time that huge cock drove into her.

"I better do something about that screaming," Mia giggled. "Can't have her wake up the neighbors, right?" She winked at Tina.

"Yeah, good idea. If all our neighbors were as hot as you, I wouldn't mind waking them up though," Tina laughed.

Mia got up and put her strap-on back on, then she climbed back on the bed in front of Lisa, who had her eyes closed, completely lost in the experience of Tina's huge cock ramming her tight ass. She felt something poke at her lips and when she opened her eyes, she was quite surprised to see Mia kneeling there with that big dick strapped between her legs.

"Suck it, slut!" Mia grinned wickedly, as she grabbed the blondes hair and forced the strap-on past her lips.

Lisa gasped for air, but was still so incredibly horny, that she hungrily started sucking the big cock forcing it's way down her throat, giving it one of the best, but completely unnecessary, blowjobs ever.

Tina had gotten a good grip on her waist now and was pounding into her with no mercy. She would sometimes slow down a bit to smack her firm ass before resuming the relentless fucking. The little bumps on the back of the harness was rubbing against her clit as she rammed the strap-on deep inside her girlfriends ass and was getting her close to an overwhelming orgasm.

Lisa was seeing stars, literally, and was doing all she could to keep the focus on the strap-on thrusting down her throat. She could see Mia was getting close to cumming, sweat covering her entire body, making her glisten like someone had rubbed oil all over her body. She suspected that Tina and herself looked much the same, they had been fucking non-stop for what felt like hours now.

With one final deep thrust, burying all 11 inches of her fake cock inside Lisa's tight ass, Tina let out a long moan and was overcome by the biggest orgasm of the entire night. She shuddered and fell on the bed next to Lisa, making the strap-on pop out of the blondes ass. She felt like all energy had been drained from her and she could barely muster enough strength to remove the harness, but she needed desperately to finger her pussy a little. The orgasm was still sending shivers down her spine and her fingers were shaking.

Lisa came not long after, furiously rubbing her clit, while Mia was still humping her throat. She almost collapsed, but Mia held her up and quickly pulled her purple strap-on out of the blondes mouth and hurried behind her.

"I'm not done with you yet, slut! Not until I cum too." Mia said mischievously. She removed the two dildos from the stretched pussy in front of her and replaced them with her big phallus. Then she grabbed Lisa's hair and pulled it back roughly, while driving her strap-on rapidly in and out of the soaking entrance. It didn't take long for her to get a mind shattering orgasm and still moaning, she staggered on her knees and collapsed on the other side of Lisa.

All three girls lay panting and heaving for air, until they all drifted off to sleep.

When Tina woke up, the sun was shining through the door to the living room and she could hear the birds outside. She sat up and felt the sheets cling to her skin. Her muscles were aching and she felt like she had run a marathon the night before. She stifled a yawn and went to the bathroom, where she could hear someone was in the shower.

It was Lisa. She stepped out of the shower as Tina entered the room. "Oh, hi sweetie! Mia had to go to work. She said she would come over tomorrow night though, if we were in. And she would bring a friend."

Tina laughed. "Really? We better get a good nights sleep tonight then," she said, winking at Lisa.

To be continued...