 Just over a week had gone by since Tina and Jim Carson had returned from their weekend away at Sid Jenkin's rural retreat and Jim for one couldn't wait to go back. In fact he was so eager to return he'd been pressing Tina about it several times a day. So far she'd resisted but she knew Jim was determined to go back this coming weekend. And so far she'd been unable to come up with a plausible reason why she couldn't go with him.

The couple's initial trip had been made to enable Jim to take part in the President's Putter competition at the golf club, an invitation he'd secured following two very successful rounds of golf played there whilst Tina had been attending a computer training course at the retreat.

His eagerness to return so soon was mainly because the golf club had given him six months free membership. This magnanimous but unusual charitable gesture had occurred after Jim had succumbed to a bout of food poisoning, which may have been the result of eating at the golf club restaurant. The golf club were hoping that their offer was a small price to pay and infinitely better than running the risk of possible court action.

Sid Jenkins, mindful too about possible adverse publicity even though he was pretty sure his hotel was blameless also made Jim and Tina a generous offer of an all expenses paid, long weekend at the retreat. This act was purely a sign of good faith of course. In truth though, this wonderful gesture was more to do with the thought of getting his hands on Tina's body again rather than worrying about what had happened to Jim.

Tina on the other hand didn't want to go anywhere near the retreat ever again if she could help it. Unbeknownst to Jim she had been blackmailed into having sex with Sid and he had taken full advantage of the situation by fucking her several times, including once in the room next door to their suite where Jim had lain ill in bed with the aforementioned food poisoning.

* * *

It was Tina's day off work and she was at home relaxing in her kitchen when the phone rang. She groaned out loud. It had to be work. It was always work. And she was so tired, in fact she'd never felt as exhausted as she did right now.

She knew why of course. It was down to some long, hard days at work followed by late night sex sessions with Jim. She was feeling incredibly guilty about her indiscretions with Sid and was compensating by killing Jim with sex. Not that he minded although she was conscious that they'd not hit these heady heights of carnal knowledge since they'd tied the knot. For some reason though, she felt this time she just had to.

Reluctantly she picked up the phone. "Hello ... Oh hi Mandy, what's up, is there a problem?" Tina enquired. Mandy worked for Bromptons Department Store as well but in a different section to Tina.

"No, no, everything's fine, it's just I forgot to ask you something before you went home yesterday, that's all," Mandy replied. "I know it's a bit short notice but a few of us were planning a girly night out in town this Saturday and wondered if you would be up for it?" she added.

"This Saturday, I don't see why not," Tina answered, a smile forming on her lips. She could barely suppress her glee. Mandy had just presented her with the perfect excuse not to go back to the rural retreat with Jim.

Tina listened as Mandy gave her details of who was going and where they were planning to meet before hanging up the phone just as Jim arrived home.

She knew that as soon as he walked through the kitchen door he would start nagging about going away this weekend but this time she had the solution. And she wasn't disappointed.

"About this weekend..." he started to say.

"No problem, you go and I'll stay here," she interrupted with a smile.

"What ..." he said completely taken aback, "am I hearing this right, you're okay with me going and leaving you at home?"

"Absolutely," she exclaimed, "I don't mind at all."

"However ..." she added.

"I knew it," Jim interrupted, "there's always a but!"

"However ..." she said again more firmly, "you'll have to take me out for a meal tonight as your penalty."

"Okay, I think I could manage that," he answered smiling broadly with relief, "sounds like a fair deal."

* * *

On the Friday night Jim duly left for his golfing weekend. Tina could barely suppress her glee when she thought how disappointed Sid would be when she didn't turn up with him.

With that delicious thought never far from her mind, the following day Tina took full advantage of being on her own by enjoying a relaxing visit to the local health spa. She indulged herself with a variety of treatments even including a Hollywood waxing of her pussy. She'd usually only shaved it, so this was a first for her. When she left the spa she couldn't get used to how smooth her mound felt beneath her lace panties. On returning home and exhausted by the intensity of some of the treatments she fell asleep for a few hours before she awoke from her power nap feeling completely refreshed. 

Following a light meal she showered and then applied her makeup. Forsaking her usual choice of night club clothing she dressed fairly conservatively in a skirt and blouse. She was determined not to get noticed by the predatory men she knew for certain would be out in force tonight and who might take a fancy to enjoying the sumptuous delights of her curvy body. She'd had more than enough of that over the past few months. The taxi arrived only five minutes late but got her safely to the nightclub where she had arranged to meet Mandy and the rest of the girls.

As she entered the club she saw Mandy stood at the bar getting a round of drinks. She walked over to her.

"Oh hi Tina," Mandy said as soon as she saw her. "I'll get you a drink and then we can join the girls. They're over there," she added, pointing in their direction.

She led Tina to a booth and made the introductions. Tina knew most of them already from previous nights out organised by Mandy although there were a couple of girls she'd only met briefly once before. But there was one person she didn't know at all.

"...and this is Lucy; she's a friend of Sally's?" Mandy finished looking over to Sally for confirmation.

"Well actually, a friend of a friend," Lucy interrupted looking directly at Tina, "But Sally was kind enough to bring me along tonight knowing I was at a loose end."

"Pleased to meet you," Tina said, shaking the offered hand.

Lucy held onto her hand a fraction longer than was probably necessary. Tina felt the slight tingle as their hands pressed together and was shocked as Lucy looked deep into her eyes. Returning her gaze she was shocked when she saw Lucy's eyes dilate for the briefest of moments. Quickly looking away she took a sip of her drink and nervously glanced down, hoping no-one had seen her reaction.

She needn't have been concerned. No-one else had. 

Introductions over, the girls got down to the serious business of enjoying themselves. The drinks flowed and as the night progressed the pounding beat of the music finally drew them onto the dance floor.

The girls danced with each other and occasionally with men. Tina in particular despite her conservative attire drew them like moths to a flame as she threw herself into the music. The men, especially the older men, taking every opportunity they could to press themselves against her lush, curvy body.

The girls had all just come off the dance floor to return to their booth for another drink when a tune Tina liked started to play. 

Tina really loved to dance so she turned immediately to go back. "Come on girls," she yelled out but as she turned she realised no-one else had followed her. "Billy no-mates," she laughed to herself and shrugging her shoulders continued to dance on her own.

Lucy, sat at a table at the edge of the dance floor, watched Tina with a growing interest. She was definitely intrigued by the blonde woman, knowing already that Tina was straight and married but she too had experienced that tingle when their hands touched and it had excited her. 

Chatting with Tina had been most interesting and enlightening and she had felt that there was something there that was worth exploring physically. Now watching her dance only heightened those initial feelings of arousal.

Lucy took stock, assessing the overall package, determining whether she was interested in taking this further or not. Lookswise Tina was definitely not beautiful but she was pretty enough and her natural blonde hair, blue eyes and full red lips made her without doubt attractive in a homely yet sensual way. And her body more than made up for any apparent deficiencies in the looks department. She had a body built for sex. 

Despite her conservative choice of attire, Tina was still wearing a silky button up blouse and a short, tight fitting skirt that exposed a fair amount of her stocking clad thighs. Lucy however was much more interested in the body beneath. Her eyes roamed wantonly over Tina's body taking in her large breasts, which were straining the buttons of her blouse; her full round ass, which Tina was shaking around quite seductively at that moment and her solid looking but shapely legs accentuated by the 4" heels she was wearing. 

Mmm, nice Lucy thought; pursing her lips together thoughtfully; very nice indeed. She was most definitely interested.

Tina, oblivious to Lucy's greedy eyes and lascivious thoughts about her body, finally left the dance floor and rejoined the rest of the girls.

"Thanks for that," she laughed as she slumped into her chair at the same time reaching for her drink, "leaving me to dance on my own, that's not nice," she added.

Most of the girls made certain observations about Tina's dancing style except for Lucy.

"They're all being mean, I think you dance very well," she said leaning over to her, her hand brushing against Tina's for a second. Tina felt the hairs on her arm stand up and the faintest of shivers run up her spine. Normally quite a tactile person she felt somewhat disturbed at how Lucy was making her feel when she touched her.

"Thank you," she replied dismissing the feeling, "maybe you could have come and danced with me so I didn't appear to be such a lemon!"

"Maybe next time," Lucy said staring directly into Tina's eyes.

For the second time that night, she saw Lucy's eyes dilate. Tina quickly looked away and made a big show of concentrating on her glass of vodka and tonic before she turned and joined in with the conversation the girls were having. All of them had been drinking heavily and were now quite vocal and uninhibited. As usual their conversation soon descended into a raunchy discussion about sex and men before it segued effortlessly into their sexual fantasies.

Everyone gasped in mock horror when Sally admitted that what she wanted was a a threesome whilst Mandy's fantasy was to experience a big black cock.

The girls shrieked with laughter as their fantasies became more and more outrageous.

"What also turns me on is watching porn," Mandy revealed, "it really gets my juices flowing."

"Oh mine too," revealed several of the other girls, almost in chorus.

"So what about you Tina," Lucy asked, "does porn turn you on?"

"Yes ... I guess it does ... especially watching women ... you know ... having sex ... together!" Tina suddenly stopped talking as the realisation of what she had just blurted out hit her.

"Oh you mean lesbians!" Mandy exclaimed, jumping right in. "We'd better watch out girls, Tina's into women," she added before collapsing over the table laughing hysterically.

"No, no it's not like I would ever act on it ... it's just ... well I find it erotic seeing two women together." Tina was now hugely embarrassed and blushing slightly.

"Well, you see that person over there," Mandy said waving her arm about in the general direction of a fairly well built woman with a crew cut hairstyle and dressed in a blouse and trousers. "I know for a fact she's a lesbian, maybe we should bring her over for you ..."

"No, no, I couldn't be with someone so butch, they would have to be attractive ... and at least look like a female," Tina answered digging herself an even bigger hole.

"Oh, you mean a lipstick lesbian," Sally interjected.

"What!" Mandy exclaimed. "What ARE you on about Sally?"

"A lipstick lesbian ... you know someone who looks like a normal woman, not butch like her ..." Sally's answer trailed off as she realised Mandy was winding her up.

"So Tina," a persistent Mandy asked, turning her attention away from Sally and back to her, "you've never thought about acting on your fantasy then?"

"Oh no, it just turns me on when I watch it. I don't actually want to do it," Tina replied firmly.

"So what about this threesome then?" Mandy said turning to face Sally, "who would be your third? Man or woman?" She started laughing again.

Tina reached for her drink, relieved that the spotlight was now off her but as the conversation flowed on around her, her mind began to wander. 

The problem was, she hadn't been completely honest about her own fantasy. She had been in the company of a lesbian some time ago and had nearly let herself be seduced. The memories of that occasion came flooding back.

* * *

It had been months ago. Jim had again been working away and she had been invited out by their friends to the local bar for a few drinks. It turned out it was quiz night and as there were five of them they decided to enter as a team.

As the quiz progressed it wasn't long before they realised that they were doing really badly. It was then that Rupert, one of her friends, recognised one of the organisers.

"That's Chris," he said pointing, "she'll help us if I can get her over here."

Tina had looked over to where Rupert was pointing and saw that Chris was a tall, well built woman dressed in a black blouse and black jeans. Her black hair was pulled back into a severe ponytail. She wasn't unattractive, her blood red lipstick covered lips revealing sparkling white teeth when she smiled, which she was doing a lot as she moved through the crowd in the bar chatting to various people. She obviously knew a lot of the clientèle and was clearly popular.

Chris eventually responded to Rupert's arm waving and joined them. Tina and the other women in their party pleaded with her for some help and as she recognised they were all fairly drunk and embarrassing themselves, Chris reluctantly agreed to help out.

Even with her aid they still didn't win but she stayed with them to chat after the quiz ended. In the course of the varied conversation it turned out that coincidentally Chris had been born in the same village as Tina and had a photograph album with lots of old pictures portraying village life over the ages. As Tina showed a keen interest in looking at the album she offered to bring it into the bar and leave it for her to pick up on another night.

The time quickly flew by, so much so that they didn't notice it was past closing time until they were asked to leave by the bar staff. Full of apologies they all rose as one to go. Tina said her goodbyes to her friends and then made a quick visit to the toilets before she left. Leaving the pub she saw it was pouring with rain and at that moment, Chris came outside too.

"Shit, it's raining," she exclaimed, "just what I need with no coat!"

"Do you need a lift?" Tina enquired, "I've got my car, I can drop you off if you like?"

"Really, you don't mind?" Chris said.

"No, not at all, my car's just over there," Tina pointed across the car park.

"Okay then, I live nearby. I just hope I'm not taking you too far out of your way?" Chris said.

"No problem," Tina replied, "can't have you getting soaking wet can we."

They made a mad dash to the car, laughing as they clambered inside. Even though it had only been a short distance across the car park they were both now soaking wet. 

"Thank you so much," Chris said as Tina pulled up outside her home and stopped the car. "Look, as you're here now, why don't you come in and get dry whilst I hunt out that photograph album we talked about."

"Okay," Tina replied, "sounds like a good idea, I am rather wet."

Once inside, Tina was shown into the living room. She was amazed at how untidy the room was. Papers were strewn everywhere and books seemed to be crammed onto every available surface. She obviously likes to read Tina mused. Taking the offered towel, she watched as Chris sifted through a massive pile of books stacked in one corner of the room before she finally located what she was looking for. 

"Here we are," she said triumphantly as she tugged it free. The stack wobbled precariously but didn't topple. She handed the book over to Tina who putting the towel to one side, sat down on the sofa. 

"Coffee?" Chris asked as Tina opened the book to look at the photographs

"Oh yeah, please," she replied absent mindedly. She was already deeply engrossed flicking through the pages.

Chris hesitated at the doorway from the room to the kitchen. She looked back at Tina. She couldn't deny it, she was attracted to her and had been since the moment she had seen her.

She took in the swell of her large breasts, their size and shape nicely displayed beneath her tight fitting sweater and the curvature of her thighs clad as they were in those tight fitting denim jeans. She also liked it that Tina was wearing high heels.

Returning with the coffee, Chris sat down alongside Tina and leaned over to look at the photographs as well. Tina's perfume was strong and evocative and she liked it.

Tina meanwhile was aware that Chris had sat down very close to her. It didn't bothered her too much. In fact she felt a sort of warm, fuzzy feeling wash over her. She couldn't explain what it was. It wasn't unpleasant, in fact it was rather nice. And for some unexplainable reason she felt her heart was beginning to beat just a little bit harder in her chest.

Chris stared at Tina's chest for a long time, watching her breasts rise and fall with every breath she took until she was unable to resist her desire for a moment longer. Throwing caution to the wind she reached over and just placed her hand over Tina's breast. She'd not given her action much thought at all she realised, as her hand closed tightly around a firm piece of flesh. But god it was good! She squeezed.

Tina jerked from the suddenness of the grope. She was shocked but not enough to slap the hand away or even speak. The shock seemed to numb her from making any physical reaction.

At first Chris moved her hand round softly, gently massaging and feeling the fullness and shape of Tina's 38D breast through her blouse and bra before she switched to the other magnificent globe and repeated her actions. She squeezed them slowly at first, alternating between the two before increasing the pressure as she strove to get Tina's nipples to respond. 

Tina's eyes closed as her body began to react as the fondling became more aggressive. She could feel the heat building between her legs as she squirmed down into the sofa cushion. Chris was revelling in the feel of Tina's breasts but was amazed that she was being allowed to do those things to her. 

Tina's breathing was shallower now and her face felt as if it were on fire. She knew she was aroused but as she sank back into her seat, the photograph album slipped from her lap and fell onto the floor with a dull thud. The sudden noise jerked Tina back to her senses. She leapt up off the sofa.

"We ... shouldn't ... we ... I have to go," she blurted out in panic. She looked for her escape route.

Quick as a flash, Chris stood to block Tina's exit to the door. As she made to push past, her arms were grabbed and she was pinned bodily against the wall, trapping her there.

Tina cringed as Chris moved in closer, using her size advantage to intimidate her as she pushed a leg between Tina's thighs to force them apart. Bringing a hand up into the vee at the top of her legs, Chris rubbed hard through the denim fabric of her tight fitting jeans. She leaned forward and kissed Tina forcefully, keeping her lips on hers even though Tina tried everything to break away. The kiss had come as a surprise, Tina hadn't been expecting that.
