 Warning: This chapter contains some bondage and submission games besides the usual girl/girl sex. It also goes straight to the sex, so if you like a slow build-up and a realistic story, then this chapter is not for you :)

-----

The girls:

Tina, 23 (34B-24-35) 5'4" tall. A very pretty brunette with a slim, tight body from years of doing yoga. She has firm and perky tits and a completely shaved pussy with a piercing in her clit. She enjoys being in charge and takes great pleasure in fucking her girlfriend Lisa in both her holes with one of her big strap-ons.

Lisa, 21 (35B-25-35) 5'3" tall. This hot blonde is the typical sex kitten type. Her body toned from the gym and her skin tanned with no tan lines to be found anywhere. She also keeps her pussy completely shaved, since Tina introduced her to that a few years ago.

Mia, 24 (34C-23-34) 5'1" tall. Tina and Lisa's neighbor and a cute Asian girl. She's petite, but has large, fake tits, although done rather tastefully, so they don't seem too outlandish on her small frame. Her pussy is shaved like the other two girls, but she keeps a small heart-shaped patch above her mound.

Nikki, 32 (36DD-26-36) 5'6" tall. Mia's ex-girlfriend and by every definition of the word a sex bomb. She has long blonde hair and a huge rack. Despite her 32 years, she has a body that most 20-year olds would kill for, trimmed, tight and toned. She still meets up with Mia occasionally, just for some "fun".

-----

"So, what are we doing for round two?" Nikki asked with a grin.

Tina laughed. "You were just fucked in your pussy and ass and then you want a round two? I like that attitude! I guess we'll have to be rough with you then."

"Mmmm please, Mistress Tina! I'm your little sex toy tonight, you can do anything you want with me," Nikki said, almost in a pleading tone of voice.

"Lets tie her up, she loves that," Mia said with a mischievous look.

Tina only smiled and nodded. She got up from the floor, feeling invigorated by all these ideas of what they could do to Nikki. She went into the bedroom to retrieve a box and came back and put it on the table, her monster strap-on swinging lewdly between her legs.

"Ok, lets see." She took out a few pieces of soft rope, some leather cuffs and what looked like a studded dog collar. A chain ran from the collar to the cuffs.

"Come over here, slut." Tina said and motioned to Nikki to come to the table. "But crawl, on your hands and knees."

Nikki smiled naughtily and slowly got on her hands and knees, then she crawled towards Tina in an exaggerated writhing motion, her back arched and her big tits bouncing beneath her.

On the couch, Mia was resting, lazily stroking her 10 inch strap-on. She enjoyed how it made the little bumps on the back of the harness rub against her clit. Lisa was sucking on her tits, rubbing them gently in slow circles.

Nikki stopped at the table and looked up at Tina with her big beautiful eyes. "I'll be a good pet, I promise Mistress."

Tina smiled down at her and took the cuffs and the collar and went behind the kneeling busty blonde. She pulled Nikki's hands behind her back and put the cuffs around her wrists. There was only an inch of chain between the two cuffs, so her hands were held together tightly behind her back. The collar was carefully attached around her neck, making sure it wasn't too tight, but still fitting snugly. She felt Tina pull at the chain running from the collar to the cuffs, tightening it, forcing her head back a little and causing her to arch her back, making her huge tits stick out even more.

"There we go," Tina said and slowly walked around her new pet, nodding in appreciation. She stopped in front of Nikki, her 11 inch fake cock pointing straight at the luscious lips of the kneeling woman.

"Suck it, pet!" She hissed and grabbed Nikki's hair, ready to ram her huge phallus down her throat if she didn't comply.

She had no reason to worry though, Nikki started sucking right away, eager to please her mistress.

Tina started thrusting her strap-on down her throat anyway, impressed by Nikki's ability to take almost all 11 inches without gagging.

"That's a good pet, take all of my cock like that," she said, moaning from the sensation of the harness rubbing her clit and pussy lips like a lot of little fingers.

On the couch, Lisa had removed her strap-on and was busy riding Mia's instead, still sucking on the sexy Asian's tits. Mia had her hands on Lisa's ass and was trying to push her up and down on her cock faster. Both girls were getting close to an orgasm.

Tina got a leash from the box and attached it to Nikki's collar, with the blonde's mouth still wrapped around her monster cock.

"Come pet, we're joining the others," Tina said, yanking on the leash she had attached to the collar, forcing Nikki on her feet. Tina slowly walked to the couch and sat down next to Mia.

"Ride me pet and face me, so I can spank your tits some more." Tina was so turned on, she couldn't believe that this hot blonde was as big a slut as Lisa. She leant back on the couch and helped Nikki mount her enormous cock.

Lisa and Mia were just coming down from their orgasm, as Tina and Nikki settled in next to them on the couch. Seeing Nikki with her hands tied behind her back and wearing the slutty collar gave them both a big smile on their faces.

As Nikki started bouncing up and down on Tina's huge strap-on, Lisa dismounted Mia and got on her hands and knees on the couch, facing the two girls fucking next to her. Then she looked back over her shoulder at Mia and teasingly stuck two fingers in her ass.

"Fuck me in the ass baby!" Lisa pleaded, holding her ass cheeks apart, giving Mia an excellent view of her tight hole that she had already fucked once tonight.

"Well, if you insist." Mia laughed and got up behind the horny blonde. She didn't bother with lube this time, her fake cock was already slick with Lisa's own juices and she grabbed the toned body in front of her and roughly shoved her strap-on all the way inside the tight ass.

Tina started slapping Nikki's tits back and forth again, causing the busty slut to increase the pace at which she was riding the big pole, it was obviously something she got off on.

"What is it with these two girls?" Mia jokingly asked Tina as she pounded the entire length of her 10 inch strap-on in and out of Lisa's willing ass.

"I don't know, it must be a blonde thing." Tina replied with a smile. "I'm going to need some help with Nikki too, I don't think one cock is enough for her." She stopped slapping the bouncing tits in front of her. "Turn around pet and ride my cock with your back to me."

"Yes Mistress." Nikki replied obediently and rotated on Tina, the massive cock still embedded deep in her pussy. Not an easy feat with your hands tied behind your back, but her agile legs made it possible.

Tina released Nikki's hands, so they wouldn't dig into her stomach as she grabbed the blondes shoulders and pulled her back against her.

"Now Mia, if you can leave Lisa's ass alone for just a few minutes, I need your help stretching Nikki's pussy." Tina said.

A quick look of horror passed over the big-titted blondes face as she realized they were going to double fuck her pussy with those massive strap-ons, but it quickly gave way to a horny smile. She wanted them to do it so bad.

"Of course. I have a feeling this ass is always available to me, isn't that right Lisa, my little slut?" Mia said, pulling her strap-on out of Lisa's tight hole.

"Mmmm you bet it is, you can come by and give me a hard ass fucking anytime you want." Lisa replied, smiling at Mia.

"I'll take you up on that offer many times," Mia laughed. "Now suck my cock, so it'll be nice and slick for Nikki's pussy."

Lisa climbed off the couch and eagerly started sucking Mia's strap-on, making it glisten along the entire length, then she began sucking on Nikki's tits instead.

"Ok, lets see if she can take this in her pussy along with Tina's," Mia said and started poking and prodding at Nikki's wet hole, trying to make her strap-on slide inside next to the huge one already stretching it out. 

"Damn, I can't get it in there. Lisa hold her open for me, would you?"

"Sure!" Lisa grinned and pushed two fingers inside Nikki's pussy, pressing them up against the monster cock already happily nestled in there, trying to stretch the opening a little bit more. She pushed Tina's strap-on down and held a small gap open for Mia's cock. "Quick, push it in there!"

Mia quickly seized the opportunity and with a persistent thrust, she managed to slide a few inches inside.

"I'm in!" She exclaimed and started pushing deeper.

Nikki was whimpering and moaning, stretched beyond anything she had ever experienced. After a while, she felt more and more comfortable and intense pleasure shot through her entire body. She started rocking her hips forward as both girls were fucking her pussy.

This in turn spurred them on and they started thrusting hard and deep inside her, sometimes both at once and sometimes one would pull out as the other plunged inside.

Lisa was slapping her tits, but Nikki hardly noticed. She was completely focused on the two monster cocks relentlessly pounding her pussy. 

She was pretty sure she blacked out a few times, but the cocks kept ramming into her, until finally, they pulled out and she felt her body being caressed by several hands and tongues, which seemed to last for ages. She had an overwhelming orgasm and passed out on the couch.

"One slut down, one to go," Tina said with a mischievous smile and her eyes directed at Lisa. "Now it's your turn baby! We'll have a little competition and see who of you two blonde sluts can take the most cock. What do you think about that?"

"Oh I love it! I'm SO going to win," Lisa laughed. "Where do you want to start?"

"Well, Mia was busy giving your ass a workout before I interrupted her, so I think she should continue with that and this time I won't butt in," Tina grinned.

Lisa smiled at Mia and again got on her hands and knees on the couch. She reached back and spread her firm ass cheeks, exposing her well fucked asshole. It was still gaping a little from Mia's previous visits.

"How can you resist that?" Mia grinned and got on the couch behind the toned blonde. She added lots of lube to her strap-on and Lisa's ass. She thought she was going to need it as she wasn't going to be gentle.

Tina started sucking on Lisa's nipples, running her hands slowly around those perky, round B-cup tits, even adding some lube to give them a good massage while Mia was busy at the other end.

Mia started pushing her fake cock inside Lisa's ass. It went in quite easily and soon she had all 10 inches deeply buried. "Your little slut amazes me every time, she's so tight back here, but still takes a 10 inch cock just like that." Mia said, smiling at Tina.

Tina laughed. "Yeah, she's pretty amazing. I wonder sometimes if there's anything she can't stuff in that tight little ass of hers. We should try double fucking her ass, if she can take that, she would beat Nikki in our little competition."

Lisa gasped, she loved being fucked in the ass, but the thought of those two enormous strap-ons going in there was pretty intimidating. It also turned her on like crazy though and she pictured it clearly in her mind as Mia was fucking her from behind.

"Oh that could be fun to try!" Mia grinned as she got a firm grip around Lisa's slender waist and really started pounding into the blondes ass, her hips a blur as they rammed back and forth. "I'll do my best to stretch her out before we try fitting yours in here as well."

Lisa came twice before Mia was finally done with her ass and she felt the huge strap-on pull out. Her ass was throbbing, but she felt incredibly horny. Tina had been massaging her tits and sucked on her nipples the whole time and she felt like she was bursting with sexual energy.

Tina sat down on the couch, stroking her massive strap-on. "Come sit on this, baby!" She said, smiling at Lisa. "We'll do you the same way we did Nikki, except in the ass instead of the pussy."

Lisa swallowed hard. She was nervous she couldn't handle what they were about to do, but she desperately wanted to try. She climbed up on the couch and with her back to Tina, carefully lowered her stretched ass down onto the huge cock. Tina had already lubed it up, so it slid fairly easy all the way inside her. She leaned back and spread her legs wide, while rubbing her clit.

"This is going to be fun," Mia said, as she got in between the two girls legs. She poured more lube on her strap-on and let it slide inside Lisa's pussy first for a few strokes. "So, are you ready for two in your ass, Lisa?"

"Oh yes! Fuck my ass with your big cocks, please!" Lisa cried out, her insatiable sex drive had taken control and she had that glazed, horny look in her eyes.

Mia pulled out of Lisa's pussy and aimed her fake cock at the toned blondes already stuffed ass. "Lets see if that slutty little hole can take two." She pushed forward hard. Much to her surprise, the tip of her huge cock slipped inside right away. Slowly, inch after inch made it's way up Lisa's very tight ass, rubbing against Tina's enormous strap-on.

Lisa's arms were waving wildly and she was part moaning, part screaming as she squimed on the two massive dildos making their way up her ass. Tina had a firm grip on her tits though, so she couldn't move anywhere. Finally, when she was sure she couldn't be stretched anymore, the movement stopped and she realized that the two cocks were buried to the hilt. She was panting and moaning as the two girls let her adjust to having those huge cocks up her ass.

Mia started rubbing Lisa's clit, while slowly moving her strap-on back and forth. She could feel Tina had started moving hers as well and it didn't take long for them to find a steady rhythm. Lisa seemed to have adjusted as much as she could and they decided to pick up the pace.

Tina was thrusting her strap-on roughly up and down now and Mia had started pounding Lisa's poor little ass too. When they both did an in-stroke at the same time, Lisa would scream as she came over and over, one orgasm after the other almost continuously.


None of them had any idea how long they fucked like this, but it was Mia that gave up first with a cramp in her right leg. She quickly pulled out of Lisa's ass and started rubbing her cramping leg. "Oww!"

Tina laughed and rolled Lisa over on her hands and knees, with her strap-on still buried deep in her girlfriends ass. They loved fucking doggy style and she got a firm grip around Lisa's waist and started just plowing all 11 inches in and out. 

It didn't take long for a particularly intense orgasm to overpower Lisa and she passed out and fell forward on the couch, her gaping asshole clearly showing that she had won the competition and beat Nikki to be the biggest slut in the room.

Tina got up and stretched her legs, then went over to Mia and kissed the hot Asians tits. "Looks like we broke the blondes," she grinned.

Mia laughed. "Yeah. I guess we should give Nikki the opportunity for a rematch too. But not tonight, I couldn't fuck another hole if my life depended on it."

Both girls laughed and kissed before they fell asleep on the plush carpet.