 The girls:

Tina, 23 years old (34B-24-35), 5'4" tall. A very pretty brunette with a slim, tight body from years of doing yoga. She has firm and perky tits and a completely shaved pussy with a piercing in her clit. She enjoys being in charge and takes great pleasure in fucking her girlfriend Lisa in both her holes with one of her big strap-ons.

Lisa, 21 years old (35B-25-35), 5'3" tall. This hot blonde is the typical sex kitten type. Her body toned from the gym and her skin tanned with no tan lines to be found anywhere. She also keeps her pussy completely shaved, since Tina introduced her to that a few years ago.

Mia, 24 years old (34C-23-34), 5'1" tall. Tina and Lisa's neighbor and a cute Asian girl. She's petite, but has large, fake tits. They've been done rather tastefully, so they don't seem too outlandish on her small frame. Her pussy is shaved like the other two girls, but she keeps a small heart-shaped patch above her mound.

-----

Tina and Lisa's apartment, Friday night - 8pm.

So there she was. On her hands and knees on their bed once again. 

She was blindfolded and her wrists were tied to the headboard of the bed with a piece of soft rope. She could have torn herself free if she wanted to, but she had no intentions of doing that.

There was no sound to be heard, except for the low buzz of the vibrator stuck in her pussy. She could feel her juices running down her legs and she was just wishing Tina would come back and finish the job, she'd been on the brink of an orgasm for what seemed like ages now. 

She had no idea how long she had been there, but it probably hadn't been more than 10 minutes ago that Tina had whispered in her ear that she was going to get 'something' to help her out with satisfying her slutty girlfriend. She was wondering what that something would be, just as she heard the door to the apartment open and close and then voices. Female voices. One of them was Tina, but she couldn't make out who the other voice belonged to. 

A few minutes passed, while she listened to the two girls talk in the living room. The door was closed, so she could only make out a few words here and there. She was pretty sure the words fuck and slut were mentioned several times.

She bit her lip in anticipation. What did Tina have planned for her? To let another girl fuck her? She could hardly wait to find out, the tingling sensation in her pussy increased in intensity just thinking about it.

Finally, the voices grew louder as Tina and the mystery girl approached the bedroom and opened the door. Luckily, Lisa had no inhibitions showing off her tanned and toned body or she might have been slightly embarassed by being there on the bed, completely naked and exposed in front of a total stranger. Instead, it only excited her more. She was a bit of an exhibitionist.

There was a slight pause, then mystery girl spoke. "Wow, you weren't lying Tina, she really is a total knockout. I can't wait to fuck her!"

"Yeah, she's so hot, I have to pinch myself every time I look at her tasty body. She works out five times a week and keeps a healthy diet. And she loves to fuck, that's her favorite way of burning calories," Tina laughed. "And she's such a naughty little slut, you'd never guess it by looking at her."

It was true, Lisa felt her excitement take control, listening to them talk about her, as if she wasn't right there in front of them. She felt her orgasm crash down on her and she moaned and writhed there on the bed, unable to hold back any longer.

She heard mystery girl laugh, "Oh I believe it, now I'm just wondering where to start. Should I start with her juicy tits, her firm ass or that very sexy shaved pussy of hers? Hmm.. I think I'll start with her tits, do you have some nipple clamps?"

"We sure do, you'll find all you need in the top drawer over there," Tina replied, pointing to the chest of drawers next to the bed. "There should be enough toys there to keep us busy all night!"

Mystery girl nodded with a mischievous smile on her face, then she walked over to the drawer and pulled it open. "Oh, that's quite a nice assortment you have here, you two are really kinky sluts, huh?" She winked at Tina, while rummaging around among the many toys, looking for a pair of nipple clamps.

"You bet we are! We just love playing with our toys." Tina was getting quite aroused herself, having her incredibly hot girlfriend tied to the bed with her ass up in the air and a buzzing vibrator working its magic in her pussy, all the while talking to their new neighbor Mia about how they should fuck her. She could feel her own pussy getting wet and couldn't wait to get down and dirty with these two hot girls.

Mia found what she was looking for and held up a pair of nipple clamps with small weights attached. "These will do nicely I think." She walked over to the bed and smacked Lisa on her ass with the back of her right hand. "So, Tina says you're a little sex slut that wants to get fucked really hard and rough, is that true? Oh and I'm Mia, your new neighbor."

Lisa was just recovering from her previous orgasm and was squirming with pleasure. "Mmmm so nice to meet you Mia and yes, it IS true! What do you want to do to me?" She purred and tilted her head back while wiggling her ass with the buzzing vibrator still in her pussy.

"Well, first I'll put these nipple clamps on those nice tits of yours and then I'll spank your ass a bit before I fuck your sexy, shaved pussy. How does that sound, slut?" She grabbed Lisa's tits and squeezed them hard, then she started pinching the nipples and attached the clamps tightly, letting the weights fall down, pulling at the firm globes. "You have beautiful tits slut, they will be fun to abuse later."

The weights pulling at her nipples made Lisa moan in delight, she had a feeling she would be well and truly fucked all night and she felt another orgasm building slowly just by thinking of it.

The blindfold was suddenly removed and feeling slightly disoriented, she looked around, trying to see who had pulled it off her. It was Tina, she was on her left side on the bed and she leaned down to kiss Lisa on her neck, before sliding her tongue downwards, to her clamped nipples. She flicked the weights with her tongue, making them swing back and forth, pulling at Lisa's nipples even more, causing her to moan louder.

Lisa turned her head and could now for the first time see what Mia looked like. She was very hot! She was an Asian girl, not very tall, but with a deep tan on her incredible body. She had big tits that were obviously fake, but well proportioned to her small frame. 

She was going through the selection of toys again and almost triumphantly, she pulled out a huge, pink strap-on, holding it up in the air. She smiled down at Lisa, "So, slut.. is this what you want in that tight, smooth pussy of yours?" She was strapping it on in the mean time, obviously not going to take no for an answer.

Lisa nodded vigorously, "Yes please Mia! Please stuff it in there! I'll be a good little slut and take it all!" 

Mia would have fucked her anyway, but having a compliant slut just made it more fun. She poured a bit of lube on the huge cock strapped between her legs, with 9 inches in length and 2½ inches wide, she didn't want to hurt Lisa's tight pussy. She crawled onto the bed behind Lisa's wiggling ass and in one swift move, pulled the buzzing vibrator from the hot blondes dripping pussy.

Lisa gasped when the vibrator was extracted from her wet hole and she could feel the cool air rushing in, as her pussy was still a little distended from having the vibrator stretching it out for over half an hour. She couldn't enjoy cooling it off for long though, as Mia was already working on stuffing her huge strap-on deep inside Lisa's shaved cunt.

"Mmmmmmm! That feels so good Mia, fuck me hard with your big cock!" The blonde was pleading.

Tina had crawled up at the head of the bed and had grabbed Lisa's hair and forced her head in between her legs, making her eat her dripping pussy and muffling her girlfriends pleas for Mia to fuck her harder.

"Oh don't you worry, you little slut, I'll fuck you really hard!" Mia replied, as she grabbed Lisa's hips and drove all 9 inches into her pussy, while she spanked her firm ass at the same time. "Such a great ass you have, maybe I'll fuck that later if I think you deserve it."

She grabbed the bottle of lube and squeezed out a little on one of her fingers, then she ran it around the edge of Lisa's tight little asshole. "I'll put this huge strap-on right in there," she said, as she penetrated the blondes tight ass with the tip of her finger.

The thought of having this hot girl fuck her in the ass with a huge strap-on, made Lisa moan and wriggle even more, as she was eating out Tina's delicious, juicy pussy. Tina had a good hold on her hair now, not letting her up except to catch her breath every now and then. Both of them were nearing an orgasm, the first one for Tina, but Lisa had lost count of hers a while ago. Mia was pounding her pussy with that strap-on, while fingering her ass too and it was all too much for her as the orgasm took over.

Tina came not long after. Her horny girlfriend was a real master at eating her pussy and she did all she could to keep Lisa's tongue on her clit as she was thrashing around with orgasmic spasms. When her body had calmed down, she got up off the bed and walked over to the toy drawer. She knew exactly what she was looking for, she wanted to fuck Mia while she was fucking her girlfriend. 

With a wicked grin on her face, she pulled out an 11 inch strap-on. It was truly massive, around 3 inches wide. She didn't fuck Lisa with it that often, since it took a lot of preparation for her little blonde slut to take it all, but when she did, they both came like crazy. 

Mia was far too busy fucking Lisa's tight pussy and fingering her ass to notice what Tina was up to, so it came as a bit of a shock when she felt what seemed like a baseball bat poking at the entrance to her cunt. She looked back and her eyes widened when she saw Tinas slim figure with that obscene cock strapped between her legs. "Oh, you two are such horny sluts! You want to fuck my pussy while I fuck your girlfriend, huh?" Mia smiled back at Tina. 

"You bet I do Mia!" Tina replied with an evil grin. "If I can make it fit in there, your pussy is so tight." She poured more lube all over the strap-on and struggled a bit more, trying to squeeze it in the tight opening. Finally, the head popped in and Mia started moaning loudly.

Tina grabbed the hot Asians hips and slowly started pushing the monster strap-on deeper inside her tight cunt. It was hard work and she had to pull out and lube it up several times to make it go deeper. She was quite sure that Mia had never had anything this big in her pussy before.

Mia had slowed down fucking Lisa, it was all she could do just to keep her own strap-on in the blondes pussy while she felt her own pussy being stretched by Tina's ridiculously huge fake cock. She had pushed deep inside Lisa and was lying on top of her, with her tits squeezed against her back, trying to get used to the monster making its way inside her. 

Once she felt reasonably comfortable, she started fucking Lisa again, trying to move back as Tina was moving forward, she really wanted to feel that monster all the way in her. She let go of Lisa's hips, Tina was setting the pace now anyway, so she reached down and started playing with the blondes tits instead, flicking her nipples, causing the weights to swing even more than they were already.

They fucked like that for around 20 minutes before collapsing in a pile on the bed, Lisa and Mia slumped on their sides, with the Asians big strap-on still embedded deep in the blondes pussy. Tina rolled onto her back and just stayed there panting after her furious pounding of Mia's tight little cunt. All 11 inches of her strap-on stood up in the air, glistening with Mia's juices, like some trophy for her efforts. 

Lisa was the first one to recover and still moaning with the sensation of her pussy being stuffed, she looked over at Tina and got a wicked smile on her face looking at her girlfriends monster strap-on. "I've got to get me some of that," she thought, and reluctantly pulled herself forward, making Mia's strap-on slip out of her pussy. She undid the rope around her wrists and climbed on top of Tina and carefully lowered herself onto the shiny pole, letting out a long moan as inch after inch made its way deep inside her tight cunt.

Tina felt the energy return, watching her slutty girlfriend mount her huge cock. She grabbed the hot blondes waist and pulled her down, while thrusting her own hips up, making all 11 inches disappear into the little sluts pussy. 

Lisa was screaming, "Oh fuck! Ram that cock in my pussy, it's so BIG!" Then she started bouncing up and down on the massive pole, grabbing on to Tina's tits for balance.

Mia got up on her knees and started stroking her fake cock, just like it was a real one. It was still wet with Lisa's juices. "You two girls are so hot! I feel like playing some more with this cock, but where to put it?" She giggled. 

Tina smiled at her with a mischievous look on her face, "I bet Lisa would love to take it up the ass, isn't that right my little slut?" 

Lisa almost came from the thought alone, "Oh God, yes! Stick it up my tight little ass and pound it really hard!" 

That was all Mia needed to hear, so she got up behind Lisa and grabbed the bottle of lube, squeezing out a generous amount all over the hot blondes ass and up and down all 9 inches of her strap-on. Then she gently pushed Lisa forwards, while Tina grabbed her girlfriends asscheeks and held them apart, making it easier for Mia to stuff her big strap-on up Lisa's tight little butt.

Lisa tried to relax, she'd been fucked in the ass before many times by Tina, but never with such a huge cock stuffed in her pussy at the same time. She desperately wanted Mia to just ram it in there and fuck her brains out. 

Mia aimed her cock at Lisa's tight opening and gently began pushing and prodding, trying to squeeze it in. "Here it comes little slut!" With those words, she pushed hard and watched with admiration as the hot blondes asshole accepted inch after inch of her cock until she'd gotten it all the way in. 

"Oh yes! Fuck me Mia! Pound my little ass!" Lisa screamed, overcome by yet another orgasm.

Mia laughed. "What the slut wants, the slut gets!" She began moving her strap-on slowly at first, then gradually picking up the pace. 

Tina was doing the same and before long, they'd gotten into a good rhythm alternating their thrusts. Occasionally, Tina would ram her cock all the way in Lisa's pussy and Mia would go into frenzy mode and just pound the blondes ass with reckless abandon. 


Lisa was screaming and moaning and calling out for them to fuck her harder all at the same time. She felt like one constant orgasm and after about half an hour of having her holes roughly pounded like that, she passed out and slumped on top of Tina. 

Mia grinned wickedly, "I think she liked it."

Tina laughed, "She definitely liked it. I'm gonna keep fucking her till I get my orgasm though, you should do the same." 

Mia grabbed the blondes waist and resumed pounding her ass, "Oh that's just naughty, fucking a passed out slut, but I was so close to cumming!" The two girls kept fucking her until they came and totally exhausted fell on the bed next to her passed out body. "That was so much fun Tina, thanks for inviting me over!"

"Oh you're welcome Mia, but we're not done yet though, we have the rest of the night to play with our little slave here. After we get a little breather and she wakes up again that is," Tina giggled.

"Haha, ok I'd love to stay for more! But what are we going to do to her next though?" Mia looked down at the blonde, then over at Tina questioningly.

"I'm sure we can think of something," Tina replied, lazily stroking her 11 inch strap-on while she smiled at Mia.

To be continued...