 The girls:

Tina, 23 (34B-24-35) 5'4" tall. A very pretty brunette with a slim, tight body from years of doing yoga. She has firm and perky tits and a completely shaved pussy with a piercing in her clit. She enjoys being in charge and takes great pleasure in fucking her girlfriend Lisa in both her holes with one of her big strap-ons.

Lisa, 21 (35B-25-35) 5'3" tall. This hot blonde is the typical sex kitten type. Her body toned from the gym and her skin tanned with no tan lines to be found anywhere. She also keeps her pussy completely shaved, since Tina introduced her to that a few years ago.

Mia, 24 (34C-23-34) 5'1" tall. Tina and Lisa's neighbor and a cute Asian girl. She's petite, but has large, fake tits, although done rather tastefully, so they don't seem too outlandish on her small frame. Her pussy is shaved like the other two girls, but she keeps a small heart-shaped patch above her mound.

Nikki, 32 (36DD-26-36) 5'6" tall. Mia's ex-girlfriend and by every definition of the word a sex bomb. She has long blonde hair and a huge rack. Despite her 32 years, she has a body that most 20-year olds would kill for, trimmed, tight and toned. She still meets up with Mia occasionally, just for some "fun".

-----

Lisa looked in the mirror one more time. She wore a black mini-skirt with a slit up the side and a matching black top. It showed a lot of her tight stomach and she had unbuttoned all except the two lowest buttons, displaying her perky B-cup tits as they were squished together by a black push-up bra underneath the top. She had picked out black 5-inch stilettos, which were some of her favorite shoes. They really showed off her toned calf muscles perfectly.

Tina came in from the living room and stopped dead in her tracks when she spotted Lisa. "Wow! You look absolutely stunning baby! Good enough to eat even." She giggled and lifted up Lisa's skirt. "And just as I thought, no panties. You are such a slut." She teasingly smacked Lisa's ass.

Lisa smiled back at her, "I know, just the way you like it. You are looking so hot too!"

Tina wore very tight, white pants that were a little transparent, clearly showing her pink thong bikini bottoms underneath. The pants were so low-cut, that the top of her thong was peeking out. All she wore on her upper body was the matching pink bikini top, the tiny triangles barely able to contain her firm tits. She had on pink 6-inch stilettos to complete the look.

"Thanks, baby." She kissed Lisa passionately, while she slid her hands up underneath her girlfriends black skirt and gently fondled her firm ass. "Mmmm I do hope they're here soon, I won't be able to keep my hands off you much longer," she giggled.

"They should be here any time now, let me just go and check on the food," Lisa said, reluctantly wiggling out of Tina's grasp.

Tina went back to the living room and lighted the two candles on the dinner table. She put on some quiet soul music and while she was adjusting her bikini top, the doorbell rang.

"I got it baby," she called out and went to the door and opened it. Outside were two of the sexiest girls she'd ever seen.

Mia was dressed in a very short, very sexy burgundy silk dress with an Oriental cut and a flower pattern running diagonally across it. Her dark tan complementing the shiny silk fabric perfectly.

The girl next to her was equally sexy, albeit in a more direct kind of way. She had long blonde hair cascading down past her shoulders, a delightful tan and a very pretty face. That wasn't what got Tina's attention though. She wore a white, sheer blouse, clinging to her body like a second skin and it did absolutely nothing to hide her huge DD-cups, which were framed in a black half-cup bra, putting her perky nipples clearly on display. A pair of tight, black pants completed the image and making it obvious to anyone that she possessed a firm ass and shapely, long legs.

Tina caught herself staring and smiled hurriedly at Mia and the stranger. "Welcome guys, come on in. Lisa is just checking the food, she'll be right with us. I'm Tina by the way," she said and reached out her hand to the sexy blonde.

"Hi Tina, nice to meet you, I'm Nikki," she replied and smiled at Tina, clearly appreciating the effect her attire was having on this pretty brunette.

"Nikki is my ex, but we still hang out from time to time, when we get the urge," Mia grinned and winked at Nikki, who laughed and nodded back.

They said hello to Lisa and all sat around and had a few drinks before getting seated at the dinner table. Mia and Nikki sat next to each other and Lisa and Tina on the opposite side of the table. They had to remind themselves constantly that it was impolite to stare, but they were finding it very difficult to keep their eyes off Nikki's luscious breasts.

It didn't take long for them to get past the usual dinner small talk. They found each other to be great company and they soon started talking about sex, which after all, was why they were all there.

After dinner, they cleared the table and moved to the more comfortable sofas, where they had a few more drinks. "Oh, we almost forgot dessert," Tina exclaimed. "And we put away the plates, I guess we'll have to think of another way to serve it. I think we should draw cards, whoever loses, will be the serving tray for our dessert. Let me just go and get it," she smiled mischievously.

The other girls all laughed and quickly agreed to Tina's idea and when she came back with a bowl full of strawberries and a jug of cream, Lisa had already gotten the cards ready.

"Ok, so the lowest card loses, right?" Lisa said. "And we draw one each from anywhere in the pile." She shuffled the cards and held out them out in a fan, so Mia, Tina and Nikki could draw one. Then she drew one herself and put the cards away.

Mia turned her card over, it was the eight of spades. Tina had the queen of hearts and she let out a breath of relief, but she was actually slightly disappointed. Lisa and Nikki turned theirs over at the same time, Lisa had the four of hearts, but Nikki only had the three of clubs.

"Argh, that's a bad card!" She laughed. "So, what do I have to do?"

Tina smiled at her and put a thick blanket on top of the coffee table. "Just strip out of your clothes and lie on your back here, then we'll do the rest."

All the girls were getting pretty horny and couldn't wait to see Nikki free those delicious globes from their prison.

Nikki unbottuned her tight black pants first, then turned her back to the other three and slowly pulled them down over her firm ass, giving them an excellent view of her tiny black thong underneath. She shimmied out of the pants and turned back around to face them, then she pulled the white blouse over her head, leaving her with just the black half-cup bra and the matching mini thong panties.

Mia whistled and cheered. "Keep going, sexy!"

Nikki pouted jokingly and then reached behind her and unfastened her bra. It fell to the floor, leaving her huge tits bouncing freely. Much to Tina's and Lisa's surprise, it didn't seem like the bra was needed to hold them up high at all, she had worn it more for show than support. She squeezed them together, carressing them with her hands. "These were a present from my ex-boyfriend," she said, sensing the impending questions. "I like them a whole lot more than I ever liked him," she giggled.

"No stalling, panties too!" Mia teased.

Nikki smiled back at her and slowly let her hands run from her luscious breasts, down across her tight stomach and finally pulling the thong down just a bit, exposing a trimmed landing strip leading to an otherwise bald pussy. She stepped out of the panties and stood there completely naked, letting the girls enjoy the view before lying down on her back on the coffee table. She spread her legs a bit, putting a foot down on each side of the table, exposing her now moist pussy to the rest.

The girls all cheered and clapped. Tina stepped up with the bowl of strawberries and carefully started placing them all over Nikki's naked body. She had sliced them in half, so they wouldn't tumble down. She placed one on each nipple and five more surrounding the nipples, then one on her belly button and several in a line from her tits to her belly button and finally down to her pussy. A well placed strawberry balanced precariously on Nikki's clit.

"There! And now the cream." Tina said, as she grabbed the jug of cream and poured the gooey liquid all over the busty blondes tits. It slowly trickled down the sides of those firm globes, making Nikki gasp as the cream came straight from the fridge and was quite cold. The stream of cold cream continued down across her stomach, covering all the strawberries leading to her pussy and finally, Tina made sure to empty the jug between Nikki's legs.

"Ok, dig in girls!" Tina said, as she smiled at Lisa and Mia. "But no touching this tit, it's all mine." She got down on her knees and started licking the side of Nikki's right breast, slurping up the cream before moving on to the strawberries around the nipple. She flicked her tongue teasingly at the perky nipple after eating the strawberry that covered it.

Meanwhile, Lisa had licked Nikki's left boob completely clean and had gobbled up the strawberries in a few greedy mouthfuls, now she was just sucking on the nipple.

Mia was busy working her way down Nikki's stomach, leaving a few of the strawberry slices for the others. She wanted a piece of that creamed up pussy so bad and she quickly licked a trail clean all the way to the strawberry slice resting on Nikki's clit. The thick cream completely covered the bald pussy in front of her, so she hungrily dug in, licking up and down the slit.

Nikki was beginning to enjoy these three tongues roaming all over her body and she knew that her approaching orgasm would just be one of many this evening.

After a few minutes, Nikki was almost licked clean and Tina fed her a couple slices of strawberry before helping her up.

"That was the best dessert I've had in a while," Tina said. "Lisa be a sweetie and get a towel, would you? I'll get a few other things in the mean time." She went into the bedroom, while Lisa went to the kitchen to get a towel.

Lisa came back and wiped the remaining cream off of Nikki, making especially sure that her huge tits were impeccably clean.

"I enjoyed that a lot," Nikki said, smiling.

"I hope you'll enjoy these too," Tina said, as she came back from the bedroom. She was carrying two 10 inch strap-on dildos and between her legs was strapped a familiar (to Lisa and Mia) 11 inch cock. She had also stripped out of her tight pants and the pink bikini, so she was now completely naked except for her stilettos and the ridiculously huge strap-on.

She gestured at Mia and Lisa. "You two get naked as well and then put these on," she said, handing each of the girls a strap-on. "We're going to give Nikki a really good fucking!"

While the girls undressed, Tina grabbed Nikki's shoulders and pushed her down on her knees. "Suck this and get it nice and slick for your pussy, slut. Mia told me how much you enjoy being dominated, so that's what we're going to do." She paused briefly, to give Nikki a chance to back out if she wasn't up for it, but the big-titted blonde just smiled sexily up at her and started sucking the massive fake cock.

Mia's dress had a row of buttons going down one side and she carefully unbuttoned them one by one and when the last button was undone, the little silk dress fell to the floor, exposing her slim frame. Her C-cup tits stood proud, high on her chest (which wasn't so strange, as they were fake). She attached the harness with the 10 inch dildo securely, making sure all the little nubs on the back of it were in the right place, so she would get as much enjoyment out of her fucking as the one being fucked by her.


Lisa pulled her top over her head and opened the single clasp holding her skirt in place. She unfastened her bra and tossed all three items of clothing onto a nearby chair. Her body gym-toned to perfection and with her all over tan, she looked incredibly sexy pulling on the other 10 inch strap-on.

Meanwhile, Nikki (who had a vast amount of experience sucking cocks, real as well as fake), had almost managed to get all of Tina's 11 inches down her throat. Tina had a firm grip on Nikki's hair and was pulling her head towards her as she thrusted her hips forward, driving her strap-on deeper and deeper.

"You are a nasty little slut, aren't you?" Tina said, as she released the grip on Nikki's hair. "I think it's slick enough now, I want you to put it in that tight little pussy of yours and ride it hard," she said, as she got on her back on the coffee table, her strap-on sticking straight up in the air.

"Yes, Mistress Tina," Nikki said with a sexy voice and climbed on top of the hot brunette, sliding the obscene strap-on almost all the way in her pussy. She was so turned on and soaking wet that no lube was needed even for a cock this size. She had her feet on the floor on each side of the coffee table and began a slow and steady rhythm, sliding her wet hole up and down the huge pole.

Tina reached up and started pulling and twisting the nipples on those big, soft tits bouncing above her. "These tits are so nice, I just can't stop playing with them. I wonder if our little slut here likes getting them spanked too," she said, slapping them lightly from side to side with her right hand, watching for Nikki's reaction.

"Oh yes I do, I LOVE that, as long as you smack them hard enough," Nikki said, with a mischievous smile.

"I thought so." Tina smiled back at her and started slapping them quite hard, leaving faint red marks on the side of those delicious globes. "I think it's time for Nikki to get a cock up her ass too, who wants that job?" She looked up at Mia and Lisa.

"You go ahead Lisa, I want to fuck your ass while you fuck Nikki's," Mia said, as she gave Lisa a hard smack on her butt.

"Mmmm that sounds good, I hope you won't be gentle," Lisa teased, as she stepped up behind Nikki. She grabbed the lube bottle and made sure to cover all 10 inches of her strap-on, making it glisten in the light. She put a hand on Nikki's back and made her lean forward, aiming the big fake cock at the tight entrance in front of her. She pushed the tip inside, holding it there for a few seconds before sliding it deeper.

"Oh God yes! Fuck my ass Lisa!" Nikki was shouting, she was on the edge of an orgasm and knew that once she felt the huge cock behind her make it's way up her ass, then it would crash down on her.

Tina was still slapping Nikki's tits this way and that, occasionally leaning up to suck on the nipples.

Lisa had gotten a good grip around Nikki's waist and was pounding the tight little ass into submission. She wasn't used to wearing and using strap-ons, she much preferred being on the receiving end, but from time to time, she would wear one and had to admit it was quite good fun too.

It didn't take long for Tina and Lisa to find a rhythm in their thrusts, alternating between filling up Nikki's pussy and ass.

Mia had lubed up her own 10 inch fake cock and was slapping Lisa's butt with it. She had two fingers in the blondes tight ass, trying to stretch her out before putting her monster phallus in there. "So how do you want it slut? Slow and gentle or hard and rough?" She was pretty sure she knew the answer already, but it was fun to hear it from Lisa's own mouth.

"You silly girl, ram that big cock up my ass and fuck me hard!" Lisa panted.

Mia laughed and withdrew her fingers, only to replace them with the tip of her strap-on. She grabbed Lisa around the waist and pushed forward, sliding her cock about halfway inside the tight hole, before pulling it back out and lubing it up again. The second time around, she pushed it even deeper, causing Lisa to whimper and moan, before she again pulled it out and added more lube. Finally, she pushed it all the way in until her thighs slapped against Lisa's and she started just plowing the toned blondes ass.

Lisa was entering her semi-delirious, constant-orgasm state and had a hard time concentrating on the rhythm she and Tina were fucking Nikki with. It was all she could do just to keep her balance. She felt Mia grab her hair and pull it back roughly to be able to fuck her tight little ass even harder than before, ramming those 10 inches in her like an angry piston spun out of control.

They fucked like this for a while, until Mia couldn't go on any longer and she fell backwards and slumped into a nearby chair, making her strap-on slip out of Lisa's ass with a pop.

Having nothing to hold her up from behind, Lisa's knees buckled and she collapsed on the carpet, sweating and panting.

Freed from her sandwich, Nikki could now concentrate on the huge cock in her pussy and she kept riding Tina until they both exploded in a powerful orgasm. She stood up on wobbly legs and staggered over to the couch and fell on her side. Her big tits were bright red from Tina's slapping, but she had enjoyed it so much.

Tina rolled off the coffee table and lay next to Lisa on the carpet, completely exhausted. Both girls strap-ons sticking obscenely straight up in the air, slick with pussy juice and lube.

"So, what are we doing for round two?" Nikki asked with a grin.

To be continued...