 Author notes

This is a little romance/stroke piece where two women experience sex in a public venue. It's a quick and easy read with a couple of nice twists. This story was part of a larger piece that was pulled from Literotica several months ago. I've since learned to write better, and transformed it completely into this story which is left with an open ending should I decide to continue the tale. I like this little story and think it is sweet.

This piece has had its fair share of editing in a past incarnation and this reincarnation. SexyLatina19 gave me a read and suggestions. AsylumSeeker completed the final edit. He found many tensing problems and clarified some word usage. I appreciate all who took their time to help a kid who's learning. Any remaining mistakes are clearly my fault.

This is a work of complete fiction.

Okay, enough of this, let us get on with the show, uhm, or the orgasms I should say (Tee-Hee-Hee).

*******

"Oh goody, I'm famished," said Chloe as her energy returned after our little fuck. That girl reminded me of the Energizer Bunny; she just kept coming, and coming, and coming...

I smiled at my thought, and Chloe looked at me and asked, "What the fuck?"

"Nothing baby, just one of the jokes in my mind that only I find funny. Let's eat a big meal, okay?"

She didn't stop her questioning look and commented, "Um, baby, thought we just did."

Then the two of us smiled and gave each other a quick kiss. She left the bed and gave me a view of her marvelous ass, the kind of ass that you love to love. Rich brown skin formed a tasty curve with a happy smile in that spot where her butt met her thighs. Her damn ass had the cutest dimples that I'd kissed on many a ribald evening. Not only did I love to love her; I loved to fuck that ass.

"Where to?" she asked as she walked off to the restroom to take care of her business. I trailed after her as she went to pee.

"Would you get outta here so I can pee in peace?" she asked.

"My house girl. If I wanna watch ya pee I'm gonna do it," I said in jest.

"Perv," she yelled and pointed to the restroom door.

"Bitch," I said.

"Don't you know it."

We smiled, kissed, and I let her pee in peace.

The two of us had hooked up three months ago. We both had it rough in our prior relationships; she left her husband after an unhappy two year marriage, and I'd broken it off with my lover since high school. She'd finally admitted she was a lesbian, and I finally admitted that my high school choice wasn't for me. Not that either of the two lovers were a bad sort, it was just that life constantly moves forward, and our lovers weren't moving with it. Chloe and I couldn't sit still.

We met at Alcoholics Anonymous of all places. Fucking her was better than the shit we heard at that place, so for the past three months the two of us had managed to stay sober, drinking each other's pussies as opposed to booze. She was a sweetie, and things were getting serious between the two of us.

"Jey, where we gonna go?" she said as I heard the shower turn on.

I walked over to the door and yelled, "How about Italian, the place with the dance floor?"

"Cool," she answered.

"Hurry," I told her.

After finishing our respective showers, Chloe sat me down and painted my toenails. She was fabulous at those little girly things.

Lovely with understated innocence, smelling clean, young and exciting, she bit her lower lip in concentration while sweeping darling lavender on my nails. "To match your dress," she said. 

Caring deeply for the smallest things, a kitten or lost puppy, a homeless-man on the street, or a friend in need, she was simple, kind and compassionate with a depth not always clear. How she teased, touching erotic spots with gentle ease, finding places that I loved, softly blowing her tender breath on my toes. 

It was my birthday, and Chloe was my gift.

Bubbly sweet as we dressed, she applied my makeup and picked out a daring silk gown for me to wear, a tiny pink floral number that barely rested below my bum and billowed about freely as I walked. "No bra or panties," she insisted, but curiously, she wore sheer white panties with lace accents.

Splendid as usual, Chloe owned a natural beauty and vivacious spunk. Tall, curvy and powerful, she stimulated desire in all the guys and many girls. She sported five-inch stilettos, a sexy pink dress that was nearly transparent, and a professionally quaffed blonde mane that rivaled any models'. Shorter than mine, her dress exposed half of her lovely braless titties, a natural pair that would get a rise from Liberace. Not only was it her beauty, but the way she moved and carried herself. The girl oozed sex in an almost innocent manner. I breathed deeply, happy that I'd found the woman of my dreams. 

*****

We entered the restaurant holding hands and collected a few nasty looks from a frumpish group of women; the guys didn't much care, in fact, most liked looking at us. The maître d' seemed happy with our arrival, smiling with a horny grin; he led us to a secluded table in a corner of the restaurant. 

Pulling out our chairs, he gave us a fancy menu and asked, "Wine?" 

Chloe answered, knowing this was not an option for us, "No, just brings us some tea." 

We sat across from each other and made love with our eyes for a few minutes. I always felt pride when I was with Chloe, and liked to show her off. "Chloe?"

"Yeah Jey."

"I love you."

"I know," she said, and I hoped she would return the endearment, but she didn't.

We locked fingers and casually twirled thumbs in a sweet gesture of affection. Some of the patrons pulled in close and talked in hushed tones. For some reason the attention didn't bother me the way it usually did, in fact, the reverse was true.

She looked at me and smiled, "Gotta surprise for you."

"What's the surprise?" I asked.

"That's for me to know and you to find out." 

"Not fair."

"Life's not fair." 

"Don't I know it," I said, giving her a playful tug on her finger.

An unpretentious yet complex young woman, Chloe didn't grasp the smallest joke, but was able to express compassion at the human condition. She had some queerness that I had yet to put my finger on. Constantly fidgeting and swaying, she seemed very distracted and just downright forgetful. From the standpoint of a psychologist, I picked it up as probably ADHD, but I couldn't determine if that was it. She'd flunked out of college, but was sharp as a tack and worked as a bicycle messenger on the streets of downtown Houston.

"How's your mom?" she asked.

"Hey, I thought you had a present for me?"

"Later girl, Mom?"

"Always makin me wait aren't ya?" I said with a sly grin. "Same old mom Chloe, asking when I am gonna find a man."

"Ya think she'd figure'd it out when she caught us in bed together."

"Mom knows, just can't admit it to herself."

"I think your mom is sweet."

"C'mon Chloe, my mom's a psycho. Did I tell you when I was thirteen she made me clean the damn bathtub with a toothbrush after she caught me masturbating in it?"

"Ya probably deserved it the way you play with your pussy."

I was about to give her a choice word or two when the waiter arrived with our appetizer and tea. Sitting the items down, he waited for a comment as he stared at Chloe's tits. Chloe, ever the funny one, looked at the tuxedo clad balding man and said, "Okay cutie, whatcha want now, a blowjob?"

The waiter had a sense a humor, cause he shot back, "Sorry hon, but I'm a total queen, and only like a boy to suck my little ole dick."

"Well ya wouldn't know it by the way ya keep on starin at my titties."

"Must admit, those are some titties that a queen like me would love to have," he said with a snicker then turned and walked away.

As the rich music from an Italian trio drifted through the restaurant, we looked at the subtle appetizer greedily. Featuring a light tomato mozzarella salad with balsamic reduction, we placed the small treat between the two of us and Chloe gave me a wink. I looked at her with a questioning expression. 

Chloe licked her succulent lips, the lips that knew how to arouse me like no other. She lifted a tomato covered with white cheese produced from the milk of a water buffalo and teased it up to my lips. 

"Don't open," she said, and began slipping the delicate morsel across my lips. The gentle touch excited me, producing a hunger for more than just food. This was Chloe, always knowing how to make a girl happy and professionally skilled in the art of erotica.

Being no slouch myself, I stuck out my tongue only far enough to lick the tender piece, tasting the complex sweetness of vinegar and strawberries anchored with the tangy flavor of cheese. I opened my mouth further, extending my tongue fully; she rested the delicacy deftly and sensuously. Withdrawing my tongue, I teased the morsel with my teeth, wanting to enjoy each second of this moment. Biting, an explosion of conflicting witchery flooded my mouth. This was just heavenly, and she was just heaven, and heaven ... I was in. In amazement, I stared at her. How did the producer of all, whoever that may be, create such a genetically beautiful creature? Surely, the deity looked down on Earth and decided we needed perfection on the day of Chloe's conception. 

The waiter brought our main course and gave the two of us a playful wink. Chloe winked back at the queer, and all three of us chuckled, enjoying our silliness. She selected pasta amnesia, featuring smoked salmon and caviar with a hint of nutmeg in a light cream sauce. Sucking the linguine noisily, she moaned just to make me hot. Chloe was doing it again, teasing me. Damn this girl, she didn't know when—no not when—but how to quit. I still couldn't believe she was mine to kiss, befriend, and love. Heck, I was one of the most flawed females on Earth. 

Becoming adventurous and feeling sexy, I chose the simple but rich dish of pasta con sarde with a light parmesan and olive oil sauce. The tinny taste of the sardines contained the pungent flavor of the ocean, surprising my taste buds then sinfully lingering in my nasal cavity. I couldn't match Chloe's sexual temptations, but I moaned softly in delight causing her to smile at my efforts. And that smile, with those funny lips and that crazy dimple made me joyful.

We drank a raspberry tea topped with a spearmint garnish. Chloe and I didn't dare touch alcohol; even if we tasted liquor on each other's lips it would be too much for us. 

Chloe twitched her leg as she always did and innocently gazed into my eyes with her sleepy light blue eyes and asked, "How many months sober, Jey?"

"Almost six."

"Proud of you." 

"And I'm proud of you also."

"Aren't we the pair, a couple of horny lezzies who are drunks?"

"Chloe," I said staring into her eyes, "I couldn't have done it without you."

"Well Jey, you could have, but thanks anyway. It certainly is easier to have someone to go through it with."

"We either drink and die, or we stay sober and live. I don't wanna die baby. I have you now."

"Yes, I don't want you dead either, so I will always be here for you. No matter what happens to us." There was a pause.

"What is happening to us?" she asked.

"You wanna know the truth?"

"No, yes, no," she laughed.

"You're a shit Chloe."

"Avoidance is my thing, you know that."

"It's getting tough to avoid."

"I know." There was a long uncomfortable pause.

I put on a happy face to hide what hurt me, wishing she could tell me what she wouldn't. She smiled in that crazy way of hers, lifted slightly, and fiddled with something under the table. Dying to know what she was doing, I look at her inquisitively and asked, "Chloe?"

Sheepishly grinning, she brought up her panties, a skimpy little pair dampened with her nectar. The beauty gave them a kiss, then handed the sexy undergarment to me and said, "Happy birthday."

Smiling, I lifted the item to my nose to take in Chloe deeply; they smelled of sex and youth, with a touch of sweet perfume scented like flowers, beautifully luscious flowers.

"Nice present," I said.

"Know," she replied. We paused for a moment, taking in each other's company and savoring the experience. If this wasn't bliss, then bliss didn't exist.

"You're cute," she said, twisting her hair with a finger.

"You're making me wet."

"Be careful, you might leave a puddle."

"Too late," I said and laughed.

"Dance?"

"Me? I'd love to." The thought of slow dancing to the rich Italian sarabande slowed down to an erotic tempo produced some rather lecherous thoughts in my little twisted mind. 

"Fancy that," she giggled. "I get to lead. I'll try to keep my hands off your ass." 

"Oh, you don't have to do that, but you better be careful or we might end up boinking on the dance floor. Wouldn't want an arrest tonight, would we?" 

"Might be interesting," she shot back, "heard there are many nice lesbians in female prisons."

"And some damn well mean ones too," I answered.

We both smiled, enjoying our juvenile conversation and one another's company. Then we walked, snuggling each other, toward the trio playing on a small stage that opened downward to a small parquet dance floor. 

Each curious eye in the restaurant followed us as we strutted proudly to the dance floor. Chloe brought me close to her, loosely draped her arms around my waist and joined her hands behind me. Lifting my arms around her shoulders, I gazed at her magnificently dimpled cheeks and curiously V-shaped upper lip. She lightly pecked my forehead and squeezed me tighter. Placing my head into her neck, I sighed in her warm, comforting embrace.

"Thanks for being so good to me," I whispered.

"You're easy to be good to," she whispered back. The whisper caused her breath to tickle the small hairs of my inner ear, adding to my arousal. With cooling air rising up my dress, I melted into her as we slowly danced across the floor. I would do anything to please her body; anything, just as long as she never quit holding me. Then I thought, I want to have babies with this woman and carry her DNA in me. 

The thought was happy and sad. Medical science hadn't figured out a way for that to happen, but I did want to carry her fertilized embryo in my belly, that way the baby would be both of ours. I shook my head to get back to reality and realized that she was it for me, the one I wanted to be with forever. Shit, love hurts, while at the same time it was the main reason to live. Chloe kept me sober, and I wanted to live for her. 

"You know you're more than a sex thing to me Jey, I care about you deeply. To love me is a bitch though."

"My bitch," I said and looked up at her blue eyes and then our lips met in a tender gentle kiss. The type of kiss that lingered softly and lightly, more love than passion. Meaningful, the kiss produced a sweet euphoria in me that made me feel uplifted and loved by a lover. Overcome by her declaration of attachment, I said, "You make me feel special."

"You are special, and I..." She stopped her sentence short as I waited for her to finish. The pause was a bit too long.

"Nothing ventured, nothing gained my Chloe, you were about to say?"

"Jey, it's hard after Michael. That was rough."

"Okay, I know. But I wait."

I buried my face deep in Chloe's neck and tried not to cry. It tore me apart that she couldn't tell me that she loved me, and I wondered if sex was it between the two of us. Trying to think of something sophisticated to say to break the ice, all I managed was, "K." 

'K," she answered.

That was how it was between us. Sometimes little bits of communication said enough. I told her I loved her, and she told me she knew.

Her hands slowly trailed down to my bum as we swayed, eliciting an unintended sigh from my lips. We danced slowly for a few minutes, oblivious to the gawkers at the restaurant. Fuck 'em. 

"Christ Chloe, I'm wet."

"Guess we need to take care of that," she whispered, then slid her warm slippery tongue in and around my ear, which sent goose pimples down my spine. 

I pulled away and looked at her curiously. This woman had such a libido; she would make love anywhere if she found a safe or not so safe haven. Hungry for relief of the need that crawled up my pussy, I asked, "How do we do that here?"

She looked at me and asked, "Time to visit the ladies' room for your next gift?"

"Time," is all I managed.

As we entered the palatial ladies' lounge, I was immediately overwhelmed by the cinnamon smell that wafted through the room; I teetered a second wondering if we should really do this—my pussy won the argument. 

The smell contrasted tremendously from the garlicky aroma of the restaurant. The room was vast, with a separate area for polite conversation that featured a large leather couch. My eyes focused on that couch and my mouth watered, watered for the pussy that was holding my hand, a pussy with a pussy that must also be watering.

"We'll have to be quick," Chloe said as she locked the door. She approached me and encircled her arms around my waist, then pressed her lips to mine in a passionate kiss. Draping my leg around her thigh, I ran my wetness against her, sending tiny shivers through both our bodies. My fingers found her clit on top of her now naked pussy, and I rubbed the slippery bulb.

She moved away from my attentions and suggested, "Take off your dress and lie down." Chloe removed her own tiny garment and folded it neatly on a chair, leaving her nude except for high heels, a navel piercing with my name on it, and that crazy lion tattoo that read, I eat pussy. I thought perhaps I needed to get one which read, I'm pussy, with a picture of a little kitten. 

Following her cue, I took off my dress then laid down on the couch. She moved on top of me positioning her pussy over my face. Resting inches above my mouth, her pussy was a divine sweetness with gorgeous lips and a clit that must've had its own zip code; that lovely slit and that clit left me hungry for her love. 

The pleasure of pleasuring her was one of the biggest thrills of my life. 

Her pussy was such a sensitive place, and I knew just what to do to send her off; my first touch generally produced an orgasm. I thought she must've been given a magical pussy endowed with twice as many nerve endings as the average woman because the girl was incredibly orgasmic. Lifting to meet her wetness, I inhaled a musky odor then sucked the slippery clit that glistened erotically at the top of her cunny. She immediately had a small orgasm and powerfully pushed into my face. Her weight caused some discomfort, but a good little discomforting pain that I enjoyed. 

After a few seconds she said, "Wow, that was a quick one, thanks. It's your birthday after all." 

"Eating your pussy is quite the gift baby, so don't mention it. I have a talented mouth and you have a talented pussy." We giggled in a playful way, and she slapped my leg, so I slapped her bottom, a bottom that could take a nice slap now and then. 

She said, "Hmm girl, true on both counts and now something for you." 

Two fingers found my folds, easily entered and stroked rapidly. With her thumb, she massaged my clit, and I felt an orgasm quickening. She positioned herself so that I could once again eat her pussy while she masturbated my cunt. I lifted my head slightly and my tongue lashed into her feverishly. Finding all the places that I knew she loved to have teased, I pressed my face deep into her while my fingers went around her bum and teased her anus. Sucking her lips, I relished in the sensation of pleasing her while she pleased me. Chloe could honey like a god damned minx, something that never ceased to amaze me. 

Taking my tongue to her creamy tunnel, I thrust it in and out hurriedly. Her reaction was immediate as she screamed, "Jey."
