 Hi Everyone,

This story is a spinoff of my story: Sorority Pledge. It is set about two months before that story, so although reading that one first may add to your enjoyment of this one, it isn't necessary to have read it to understand this.

As always I love getting comments and messages from you all about my stories, especially from other girls! 

Thanks and I hope you enjoy, Love and Licks, Lucy X X X X

* * * * * * * * * *

Tiphany Carter was rich, beautiful and popular, one of those girls who seemed to have everything. Her father was a property developer and her mother a part-time tennis coach at the local club. Tiphany was 5 foot 6 with 36D breasts and blonde hair that hung loose to 5 inches below her shoulders.

She lived in an extremely affluent area and attended an exclusive private school near her home. The school was exclusive because of the high fees it charged for entry, although it's exam results weren't too bad either. Tiphany had stood out from the time she started at the school as she was one of the richest pupils in the whole school. By the time she was in her final year her family's fortune had gone above $200 million and she was now the richest student there.

She was always a confident girl, but she was also very popular. She had a group of about 10 girls who she would class as her best friends, but everyone liked her and all the boys fancied her. She had gone out with a few boys before her 18th birthday and had slept with 3 boys at the school and 2 college boys too. She enjoyed sex, like most people she enjoyed the pleasure it gave her but she also enjoyed the power aspect of it too, therefore it was always her in control, she only slept with them when she wanted to. She had tried giving blow jobs, but as she didn't enjoy the idea of doing something for someone else's pleasure without getting anything back and she hated being on her knees for anyone, she hadn't done this often.

She had also had a little experience with other girl's, but it had always been one way. She had sort out one of the small number of girls at the school known to be a lesbian and had propositioned the girl.

She asked the girl, called Emma, if she would like to lick her pussy, the surprised girl agreed and invited Tiphany around to her house. Tiphany had received oral sex from this girl on about a dozen separate occasions, but had never returned the favour or even kissed the girl. Emma had been happy to persist in the hope that Tiphany might fall for her, but the blonde never developed any feelings for her, she had just enjoyed the power of having another girl skilfully pleasuring her with nothing in return. 

Tiphany's 18th birthday party was a massive affair, her parents had hired out the biggest local night club, about 200 people attended the party and a whole room was reserved just to store all the presents the guests brought with them. Everyone enjoyed the party, a couple of well known bands were hired to play and things went on well into the early hours of the morning.

It was a local tradition for every guest to give a bottle of Champagne along with their gift when anyone turned 18, so as well as all her presents Tiphany received about 200 bottles of bubbly. In truth it was the locals satirising themselves for having so much money, but she was still thrilled to get so much Champagne!

The next day a van arrived at the Carter's house carrying all of Tiphany's birthday presents, as well as the 200 bottles of Champagne. The van's contents had been taken into Tiphany's store room, although of course not by her.

Her parents house was huge and as her Dad was a property developer he had designed the house himself. His only daughter had always liked having plenty of space and with the amount of money the family had she had always had a lot of stuff, so needed room for it.

Tiphany's part of the house had her large master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom which included a large double bath, she also had a dressing room with mirrors and numerous wardrobes, a large store room, a smaller guest room and her own lounge room. 

Three days after the party Tiphany's parents were out for the evening and her friend Lucy Connar had come over for the evening. Tiphany would regularly have a friend to stay over and usually they would share her king sized bed, in the way teenage girls do all the time.

Lucy was 5 foot 2, she had a nice pair of 34C breasts and her black hair hung in a pony tail to a couple of inches below her shoulders. Much like Tiphany, Lucy was rich, beautiful and popular, but in all 3 things she was out done by her blonde friend. In fact about the only thing she out did Tiphany in was age, as she was about three months older.

The girls were watching TV in Tiphany's lounge, each on a sofa, when her parents left for the evening. After about half an hour Lucy asked if she could see what Tiphany had got for her birthday. The blonde agreed, plugging her IPod into the speaker system she'd had installed in every room, before leading Lucy into the large store room.

Although it was referred to as a store room the room actually was as large as any other room in the house, it had 3 large tables, numerous shelves, a TV and speakers which like the speakers in all Tiphany's other rooms were then playing the music off her IPod.

Lucy walked up to the table with all the presents on it, there were designer handbags, shoes, a couple of scarf's, bottles of perfume and assorted other stuff. The girls spent a while looking the gifts over and discussing them before Lucy noticed the racks of Champagne bottles.

"Wow that's a lot of Champagne!" she said with a giggle,

"How on earth are you going to drink all of that?" she asked

"I know, there are 200 bottles, I think I might have to become an alcoholic or something!" Tiphany joked,

"I could almost take a bath in it!" she laughed as she said this,

"Why don't you try?" said Lucy with a smile,

"Seriously, I'll help you pour it in."

Tiphany looked at the bottles thoughtfully,

"That's a pretty cool idea actually, do you really think we should try it?" she said smiling,

"Yeh, why not, you'll never get through all that otherwise!" replied Lucy.

The two girls each picked up 2 bottles with a giggle and went into the en-suite bathroom linked to Tiphany's bedroom. The blonde put the plug in on the large double bath and popped the cork on the first bottle. Both girls laughed as she started to pour the Champagne into the tub. Lucy emptied her two bottles in as Tiphany poured in her second bottle,

"Well we'll definitely need some more!" laughed Tiphany,

She turned up the music as they took the empty bottles back to the store room and collected two more each, they also each opened one bottle to drink. The two girls spent about half an hour fetching and carrying, but after emptying about 100 bottles into the tub it was pretty full and they had each drank a full bottle in the meantime.

"See, told you we could fill it!" teased Lucy,

"So then, it's time for you to strip down and have your bath!" she laughed.

The song playing through the speakers above the bath was a dance music track so Tiphany, who was now quite drunk, decided to undress as if she was a stripper.

She kicked off her shoes and started to sway in time to the music, she did a twirl whilst untying her top and flung it off, much to Lucy's amusement. Lucy laughed as Tiphany knelt and unbuttoned her skirt letting it fall to the floor, before standing again and with another twirl flinging off her bra. 

Lucy found Tiphany's theatrical stripping performance hysterical, but also kind of sexy. The beautiful buxom blonde now stood before her in just socks and panties. As Lucy watched on transfixed, Tiphany swivelled, bent over waving her ass at Lucy and pulled off her socks, before turning again to face her friend smiling broadly.

As the song neared it's end the blonde hooked a finger in each side of the waistband of her panties, swaying from side to side as she pulled them down over her legs, before raising one foot and flicking the panties off and across the room. The flying panties again set Lucy off laughing as she tried not to stare at her friends shaved pussy.

Tiphany moved to the side of the bath, before raising one foot and dipping her toes in the Champagne, then in one sudden motion she stepped into the bath and lay in the Champagne, with just her head above the surface.

"Ooooo," she giggled,

"bubbles!" she exclaimed with a laugh.

Tiphany lay giggling as the bubbles assaulted her whole body, she was enjoying the feeling and splashed some of the Champagne over her face with a laugh, before licking her lips.

"Come on, strip off and join me in here, there's plenty of room." The blonde encouraged her friend with a laugh.

Lucy smiled as she was hoping to be invited in, she quickly removed her clothes, with far less fanfare than her friend and slid into the bath next to her.

"Oooo, yeah, I see what you meant about bubbles, oooo!" she exclaimed,

The two girls lay there enjoying the bubbling sensations getting all over them for a while, both particularly enjoying the bubbles tickling their pussys. After a few minutes they were both getting quite turned on by the unique situation they were in. 

Lucy sat up and turned to her friend, as she was about to speak Tiphany, with a laugh, splashed Champagne all over her chest. Lucy squealed playfully in shock and Tiphany again splashed her, this time spraying the Champagne into her face.

Lucy again shrieked, but this time she retaliated and sent the bubbly liquid spraying into Tiphany's face. The two girls, now laughing wildly, spent a while spraying each other, soaking every inch of their bodies that wasn't already under the surface.

When they finally tired of this they tried to see who could hold their breath the longest submerged in Champagne, but as bubbles kept going up their noses, making them laugh, neither could stay under for long. They were also both drinking plenty of the Champagne too and getting more drunk.

With a nervous giggle Lucy asked,

"Have you ever wondered what it'd be like to kiss submerged in Champagne?"

Tiphany laughed, took her shorter friend's head in her hands and with a smile replied,

"well why don't we find out!"

She pulled Lucy to her and kissed her hard on the lips, thrusting her tongue into the other girl's mouth. Carefully she repositioned them both, so that they were each laid on their side, facing each other, just inches above the surface.

Tiphany broke the kiss and with a smile, her lips just inches from Lucy's, said

"1, 2, 3!"

Her lips met the black haired girl's again as their heads dove into the Champagne. Their tongues entwined passionately as they both enjoyed the sensation of the bubbles tickling their faces. After a few seconds they re-emerged panting, partly from the lack of air and partly from the passion of the kiss!

Both girls sat up laughing and hugged each other.

"Yep, that was definitely fun!" reacted Lucy with a beaming smile.

"Absolutely!" agreed Tiphany.

The two again lay back in the Champagne, enjoying that tingling feeling again. Their hands started to explore each other's bodies, heightening the sensations on each other's arms, stomachs, sides and eventually their hands found their way to each other's breasts. The bubbles mixed with Tiphany's hands on Lucy's shapely 34C chest caused the 5 foot 2 girl to gasp in pleasure and Lucy's fingers had a similar effect on her blonde friend's firm 36D's.

Through a mix of giggles and gasps Lucy said,

"I think we'd better get out!"

Tiphany agreed and their hands left each other's bodies. They both stepped out of the bath and each grabbed one of the jumbo sized towels that were next to the tub. Both girls noticed how smooth the Champagne had made their skin feel as they patted themselves down with the towels.

Lucy, the smaller of the two, felt dry first, throwing her towel down as she went back into the bedroom and lay naked on the bed. She lay there getting her breath back and her thoughts together after the events of the past hour. Before she had a chance to put on her night dress Tiphany emerged from the bathroom and to Lucy's shock she also flung herself at the bed.

Tiphany was fairly drunk though and missed her target, her legs landed on the bed but her chest landed across Lucy, knocking the air out of the smaller girl.

Tiphany's big breasts landed right on Lucy's shocked face, a turn of events that the blonde found hilarious. 

"Oops! Laughed Tiphany,

Lucy breathed deeply as she got her breath back and then laughing said,

"you smell like Champagne!"

"How do I taste!" laughed Tiphany,

The blonde positioned her nipple right over Lucy's mouth encouraging her friend to taste it. Lucy took the nipple into her mouth and after sucking on it for a few seconds the smaller girl replied,

"yep, you taste of Champagne too."

Tiphany laughed before rolling off of Lucy, she pulled the dark haired girl over onto her side and sniffed her,

"you smell of Champagne too!" she laughed.

Lucy laughed back,

"Yeh? How do I taste!" she laughed,

Tiphany leant into her friend's chest, sticking out her tongue and licking the girl's smooth skin,

"yum, you taste of Champagne too, very lickable Lucy!" she giggled.

To Lucy's surprise Tiphany continued to kiss and lick her breasts, Lucy lay back and Tiphany moved with her hovering above her beautiful naked body.

The blonde kissed up to Lucy's neck, she kissed her arms and licked the smooth skin she found there. She delicately licked her way down Lucy's side, causing the girl to moan in pleasure. She kissed her way across her friend's stomach, stopping to lick her belly button, before licking her way up her other side, again causing the girl under her to moan happily.

Tiphany was enjoying the feel of Lucy's amazingly soft skin, as well as the taste of the Champagne on her body and was more than slightly turned on. She again moved over the girl's breasts, kissing them all over before again taking a nipple in her mouth. This time she sucked on the nipple, squeezing it gently between her teeth and flicking her tongue across it's nub, causing repeated, loud moans from the dark haired girl.

She repeated this on the other nipple before kissing her way down the girl's chest and stomach, all the way down to her hips. She gently kissed across Lucy's crotch over where her pubic hair would be if she hadn't shaved it all off, before kissing down her outer thigh.

When she reached the girl's knee she lifted the leg and flicked her tongue over the ticklish skin on the underside of the knee, causing Lucy to laugh. Letting the dark haired girl's leg fall back to the bed Tiphany repositioned herself once more, now she had a great view of Lucy's exposed and clearly very wet pussy.

Tiphany gently pushed her friend's legs wider apart and softly kissed her way up the inside of her thigh. She stopped just inches from her slick womanhood before moving away and kissing up her right inner thigh.

Lucy panted with anticipation as Tiphany's lips again reached the top of her thigh. This time the blonde continued and her mouth was now right in front of Lucy's moist slit. Tiphany had never been so close to another girl's pussy and she paused for a couple of seconds staring at it, before dramatically taking a deep breath,

"ummmmmm, you smell yummy!" she laughed, Before sticking her tongue out gingerly and for the first time tasting another girl's slickness,

"ummmmmm, you taste good too!" she purred.

Lucy moaned in pleasure as her friend slowly ran her tongue over the outer lips of her pussy. Tiphany enjoyed the taste as she ran her tongue gently over the delicate, sensitive skin. She kept doing this for a while, every so often darting her tongue deeper between the folds of the smaller girl's lower lips.

She enjoyed teasing the girl under her with her tongue, she enjoyed making her moan with pleasure. After a while she went for it, surprising Lucy by thrusting her mouth and tongue forward, probing the depths of her friend's most intimate area. She licked deep inside Lucy, sucking her juices into her mouth, searching her pussy with her eager tongue.

Lucy moaned long and deep as she began to build towards an inevitable orgasm. Tiphany could tell her friend's excitement was growing, so she explored further with her tongue and to her delight she found the other girl's clit. Firmly she ran her tongue over the nub, eliciting a squeal from a thrilled Lucy.

Lucy took Tiphany's head in her hands and held it tight to her pussy, as the girl between her thighs flicked her tongue rapidly and repeatedly over her clit, Lucy started to moan louder and more frequently.

Tiphany knew what was about to happen and she gently bit on the girl's clit, before thrusting her tongue over and over on the sensitive nub.

Lucy shrieked in delight as her thighs clamped around Tiphany's face as she screamed into the biggest orgasm of her life. 

Tiphany's mouth was flooded by her friend's juices and she swallowed as fast as she could, not wanting to waste any of Lucy's delicious cum. Eventually the blonde's sticky face was released from between the black haired girl's thighs. 

As Tiphany sat up with a smile Lucy did likewise, before falling back again laughing at seeing her friend's appearance. 

"Oh my god, your face is covered in my cum!" she laughed,

Tiphany laughed back, before diving forwards onto Lucy and kissing her deeply,

"I know, but you do taste so good!" laughed the blonde as she broke the kiss.

"I really do!" laughed a surprised Lucy after tasting her own pussy juice on Tiphany's lips.

"Maybe I could market it as a new drink, Champagne and Lucy's pussy!" laughed Tiphany,

"I'd certainly drink it!" she laughed again.

The girls lay kissing for a while, Lucy every so often licking some of the cum off of her friend's face. Tiphany was still really turned on and after a few more minutes kissing she sat up asking,

"Ready for round two?"

With a widening smile Lucy replied,

"OH YEH!".

As Lucy went to sit up and reposition herself Tiphany's hand on her shoulder stopped her,

"oh no, stay there," she said with a smile

Tiphany climbed off of Lucy, she moved forward and squatted over the shorter girl's chest. Lucy thought the blonde was about to move forward and sit on her face, but to her surprise the taller girl turned to face her feet.

Lucy enjoyed the view of her friend's gorgeous ass, but was nervous about what Tiphany might be about to do. The blonde girl backed up towards Lucy's face, before lowering herself, positioning her pussy right over Lucy's mouth. She lay down on top of her friend, adjusting her position so that her head lowered onto the now familiar target of the dark haired girl's pussy.

As Tiphany's tongue again attacked her pussy, Lucy snaked her tongue out nervously, tasting another girl for the first time. Tiphany was already very wet, so Lucy didn't stop to tease her, she pushed her tongue in deep almost straight away, quickly finding her friend's clit.

Tiphany was so desperate to cum from the moment she positioned her pussy to Lucy's mouth, so it wasn't long before she had a powerful and intense orgasm, coating the face and mouth of the girl under her with her juices.

As she got her breath back she heard a voice beneath her say,

"Wow, you taste great too!"

Tiphany started back in on Lucy's pussy as soon as she had sufficient breath back and almost instantly she felt the other girl's tongue at the lips of her pussy again.

The two beautiful rich girls spent the next two hours pleasuring each other, each having at least a dozen orgasms, taking turns at going on top.

Eventually Lucy rolled off of Tiphany, her jaw was sore, she was tired and out of breath and she had the biggest smile on her cum covered face that Tiphany had ever seen.
