 Tina left her office building as the security guard was locking the main lobby for the night and headed for her bus stop. It was the usual cold November Monday evening with rain beginning to fall and she had forgotten to bring an umbrella and a coat with her that morning. Her husband of four years, the only man she had ever loved, had walked out on her saying that she didn't understand his needs and had found someone else that understood them. 

Tina was 22, 5' 5", light brown hair, with a firm body that always made men turn their heads. She had been so shocked by the news that she was late getting ready for work which caused her to miss her bus and an hour late getting to work She walked in to work where her supervisor chewed her out for being late in front of the whole office and had given her so much work to get done that she was late getting off of work, which caused her to miss her usual bus. Now Tina had to wait an hour before the next bus came. 

The rain started coming down in buckets which began to soak Tina all the way down to her skin. "Damn! It just keeps getting better." she said under her breath and looked around to see if there was a dry place to wait for the bus. Looking around she saw most of the stores were already closed and then she saw a small coffeehouse with its open sign on halfway down the block, she quickly walked to it to get out of the rain.

Opening the door and walking in Tina wiped the rain off of her face and felt the warmth of the shop and the smell of coffee which helped take some of the edge off the chill. Tina walked up to the counter looked around for someone to take her order. "Hello, anyone here?"

A tall woman in her early thirties, short black hair, a tight fitting t-shirt that accented firm breasts, tight white pants that showed off a firm ass as well came out from the back. "I'm sorry, but I'm closed."

"Damn, my luck just seems to get worse. Do you think I could get a cup of coffee or tea at least to drink while I'm waiting for my bus? I don't care what kind it is" Tina said with a shiver.

The woman looked at the drenched girl. "I'll tell you what, I don't have anything out here but how about coming back to my office where it's a little warmer and you can have a cup of my special blend to warm you up. No sense you standing outside and catch a cold." The woman said feeling sorry for Tina but noticed how sexy she looked in her wet clothes. 

Tina thought for a moment and decided to take the woman up on the offer. Anything was better than sitting at the bus stop in wet clothes and waiting for an hour. "Thanks I appreciate it."

"I just brewed it in back; it's my own special blend. By the way my name is Amanda. I'm the owner of this small coffeehouse." The woman said smiling and holding the swinging counter door open for Tina to enter.

"My name is Tina." Tina said trying not shiver too badly. She followed Amanda to the back and into the small office and where the rich aroma of the coffee hit her. "Now you have a seat right here and put this blanket around you. I have to finish locking up for the night I'll be right back." Amanda said wrapping a blanket around Tina and then pouring her a big mug of coffee.

Amanda walked back out to the front and pulled out her cell phone. She called her room mate Debbie. "Hey Deb, a young girl walked in just as I was closing and she appears to be having one of those days." Amanda paused for a moment and then had an idea, "If she doesn't have anyone picking her up how about I invite her back to our place let her clothes dry out and a home cooked meal?"

Debbie let out a sigh, "You just enjoy helping people don't you? Okay I'll set another place at the table. However, tonight after she leaves I have a surprise for you."

Amanda smiled, "Thanks and I promise I'll make it worth your time after she leaves. I'll call you before we leave the shop." Amanda hung up her phone and finished closing up the coffee shop. She felt sorry for the girl and it looked like she needed a shoulder to lean on. Twenty minutes later Amanda came back to the office smiling and said, "Well, I'm closed for the day and what do you think of the coffee?"

Tina had been drinking the coffee and found it rather smooth tasting. "It's great! I would love to get some of this for myself."

Amanda poured her self a cup of coffee and sat down across from Tina. "It's my own secret recipe. I call it my Lover's Blend. This is something you won't find at Starbucks."

Tina sat sipping and enjoying the coffee. Already her bad day was becoming only a memory. "Why do you call it Lover's Blend?"

Amanda took another sip, "Well, this blend has a special ingredient that no other coffee blend has. This is the kind of coffee you have with that favorite person while sitting cozily on the sofa. I always have a couple of cups before I close for the day and go home. So, are you waiting for someone?" Amanda asked curiously. "A pretty young thing like should have a Prince Charming to pick her up." 

Tina's smile dropped off of her face. "Thanks for the compliment but my Prince Charming rode off this morning after four years for someone who understands his needs better than I do."

Amanda saw the sadness on Tina's face and wanted to give her a hug. She took another sip of coffee. She pretended to think for a moment and then said, "Say, instead of sitting at the bus stop in the rain and waiting for a bus to take you back to an empty place why don't you come to my place to at least let your clothes dry and have a hot meal with my other half and me. I'll even drive you home after afterwards."

Tina felt herself relaxing around Amanda and the offer of going somewhere besides her empty apartment sounded nice. Besides there was something about Amanda that was comforting and made her feel like she was talking to her best friend. "You sure I won't be in the way of you and your boyfriend?"

Amanda let out a small laugh "Don't worry about it all we were going to do was have a quiet evening of watching TV." Amanda paused for a moment weighing whether to tell Tina her relationship with Debbie and then threw caution to the wind. "I don't have a boyfriend. My other half is a woman and we're lovers. I hope that doesn't freak you out?

Tina stopped mid way in taking a sip of coffee. She had never met a lesbian before and wasn't sure how to handle the news. "Well, huh..."

Amanda saw the hesitation and spoke up quickly, "Look we're not going to seduce you unless you want to" Amanda chuckled. "This is a sincere invitation for a home cooked meal and a little company to brighten your dismal day. I know what it's like to have a bad day and to go home to an empty place."

Tina thought for a second and then shrugged her shoulders, "What the heck, it would be nice to talk to someone tonight besides the TV. Okay, I guess a hot meal and some chatting would be nice."

Amanda set down her coffee mug. "Great! Let's finish our coffee and then I'll let my roomie know we are coming. We'll probably get soaked on the way. The last time I glanced outside it was still raining. So we'll both look like drowned rats by the time we reach my place." 

Tina felt better and already the bad day was fading away and the prospect of sitting around with a couple of women and do some girl talking would be great. It had been a while since she had done something like that.

Thirty minutes later with the rain pouring down both women headed down the street at a quick pace.

Fifteen minutes later Amanda led Tina in to the lobby of the apartment building and pushed the up button. Both women were soaked and shivering from the cold. The elevator popped open and both women got in. 

Tina could see that Amanda was not wearing a bra and her nipples were sticking up through her wet t-shirt from the cold and her wet white pants were almost see thru and Tina couldn't see any panties line to indicate that Amanda was wearing any panties at all. She found her self wondering what Amanda looked like naked. Suddenly Amanda's voice broke her thoughts.

"Hey we're here." Amanda could see that Tina was looking at her. "My place is just down the hall. By the way my room mate and I like to lounge around in our panties and even sometimes naked. I hope you don't mind?" Amanda pointed her heads toward her apartment and then walked out of the elevator letting Tina see her from behind. They walked down the hall and opened the door to the apartment where the smell of food hit them both as well as some jazz playing on the stereo.

A tall athletic blonde woman came out of the kitchen wearing only a half tank top that barely contained the woman's firm breasts and a g-string. She gave Amanda a hug and a long passionate kiss. "Hey girl, I've got supper cooking. I threw some pasta together and ran down to the store and got a loaf of French bread to have with it." The blonde then turned and looked at Tina. "So this is the kitten you found stranded in the rain. My name is Debbie, but you can call me Deb." Debbie looked at the soaked Tina and could she see was a very attractive woman. 

Tina shook Debbie's hand and was surprised how sexy and firm her body looked. Tina had never looked at another woman like this before. "Thanks for inviting me over. Supper smells good."

Amanda laughed, "Listen this girl can cook like a gourmet chef. She is a natural in the kitchen If it wasn't for the trip to the gym three times a week and a specialized workouts designed by her I'd be fat from her cooking.."

Debbie pinched Amanda, "She exaggerates a lot about my cooking. Say, why don't you be a good host and show our guest to the bathroom so she and you can get out of those wet clothes and take a hot shower to warm up. You can lend her one of my robes to wear." 

"Your right, where are my manners!" Amanda said. "Come with me Tina and I'll show you the bathroom so you can get out of those wet clothes." 

Tina followed Amanda down a hall. She was feeling relaxed being here with Amanda and Debbie it felt like being somewhere safe. Besides Tina had to admit that Debbie was rather attractive and could tell that the two had a special bond. She began to wonder what it was like for them to make love when Amanda's voice broke her thoughts. Tina blushed and said, "I'm sorry, what did you say?'

"I said here is the bathroom so why don't you strip out of those wet clothes and jump in the shower. I'll get you one of Deb's robes to wear. By the way, do you drink wine?" Amanda said starting to pull off her wet t-shirt.

Tina stood there transfixed as Amanda pulled off her clothes. Amanda had firm breasts with her nipples sticking up and a firm muscular toned body as well. No wonder Debbie liked her. Tina was surprised at the thoughts she had about Amanda. What was she thinking? She had never thought of any other woman as sexy until now and when Amanda peeled off her pants and stood nude she couldn't help but feel a little twinge of arousal staring at Amanda.

Amanda looked at Tina and sensed that Tina was doing more than just a casual glance at her. She let Tina look a few more seconds and then said, "The towels are in this cabinet here, toss your clothes outside the door and I'll hang your robe on the door. I asked if you drank wine."

Tina nodded her head as she looked at the firm body of Amanda. "Yea sure, that sounds good."

Amanda smiled and said, "Well hurry up and get in the shower. You can use my hair shampoo if you want." Amanda then walked away letting her hips sway for Tina to see. She walked into the kitchen to talk to Debbie about their guest. "Hey sexy, dinner smells good." She walked up behind Debbie and wrapped her arms around her.

Debbie let out a sigh, "Thanks and by the way that young girl is beautiful."

"Well I guess that makes me yesterday's news." Amanda said mockingly.

"You're still the apple of my eye girl and by the way. I bought a new toy for us today. Remember how you have always wanted me to buy a strap-on to use on you. Well, guess what?" Debbie said rubbing her ass into Amanda's crotch.

Amanda leaned forward and nibbled Debbie's ear. "You are so good to me girl. I promise you can use it on me tonight but how about a side dish? I think that our guest might be a little curious about us. I was thinking that if it was alright with you we might be able to score with her. You have always wanted to try a threesome and when was the last time you were able to seduce a straight girl?"

Debbie enjoyed feeling Amanda's hands massaging her breasts through her tank top and Amanda was right that Tina was hot looking. "Okay but I want to make sure she wants to do it okay. I don't want to rape her like some butch dyke." Debbie said with a low moan.

Amanda kissed Debbie's neck and then said, "I think that she's already curious about us. I told her before we left the coffee shop that we were lovers. She has been looking at me with just more than a casual glance since we left the coffee shop." Amanda let her hands slide down Debbie's side and around to caress her ass. "Hey could you also fix three glasses of wine with the meal? I'll be back in a few minutes you sexy thing. I need to get our guest her robe." Amanda gave Debbie's nipples a quick pinch and walked out of the kitchen.

Tina got into the hot shower and let the water run over her cold body. It felt so good that she let out a soft moan. The entire day's events were being washed off of her and down the drain. She reached for the hair shampoo and poured some in her hands. She began to lather it in her in hair and the smell of lilac invaded her nose. It smelled so nice and as she rinsed her hair the vision of Amanda standing naked came back. Tina had never been interested in women until now and maybe it was because Amanda and Debbie were lesbians and the thought of those two wrapped in each other's arms in mad passionate love was arousing Tina. She slowly began to massage her breasts and playing with her nipples as the hot water splashed over her body. She started to imagine both women playing with her nipples, which flamed her passion. Her hand slid lower and found her clit and then slowly inserted a couple of fingers and let out a moan. Her breathing was getting faster as her finger increased their tempo of sliding in and out of her. Just as she was about to orgasm Amanda's voice broke her erotic dream.

"Hey you alright Tina?" Amanda yelled in to the bathroom.

Tina regained her composure and managed to answer "Yes, I'm fine."

"Here is Deb's robe. I have your skirt, blouse, and jacket hanging up I read the tag and it can't be put in the dryer and I threw your bra and panties in the dryer it seems you got soaked pretty good." Amanda said.

Tina answered, "I may be a little nervous about walking around in nothing but a robe."

Amanda smiled, "That's okay it's just us girls so there is no need to be nervous. Besides Deb and I have found that it is the best way to relax after a hard day."

Tina stuck her head out from the shower and saw Amanda was still nude and watched Amanda walk over to the shower.

Amanda decided to see how curious Tina was about her. "Let me know when you're finished with your shower. I'd like to wash the smell of the coffee off of me before we eat."

"Okay I'm just about done. Give me five more minutes.' Tina said quietly as she saw Amanda's erect nipples only a few inches from her. The urge to reach over and touch them was tugging at Tina. She had never been so sexually interested in women until now and felt confused about her feelings.

Amanda knew that Tina was curious and it wouldn't take much to get her to loosen up. She saw Tina's nipples erect and it wasn't from the shower. "Okay but you know that shower can hold two people. Why just this morning Deb and I took a shower together." Amanda said and leaned closer to Tina and smelled the lilac shampoo. "Want to try it? I'm sure Deb wouldn't mind you helping me to scrub my back."

Tina's mouth went dry and the thought of her being in the same shower with Amanda was arousing her. She managed to stutter, "TTTT-thats all right I'm just about done."

Amanda smiled sexily at Tina. "Okay, if that's what you want." Amanda turned and walked out of the bathroom leaving Tina breathless. 

Tina let the water spray over her for a couple of more minutes to regain her composure and then reached over to turn the water off. She grabbed the towel lying on the sink and began to dry herself off. She dried herself quickly and then put on Debbie's robe. The robe was made of silk and the smoothness of the material seemed to caress Tina's skin erotically. She glanced in the mirror and saw that it barely covered her ass and her nipples stuck out through the silky material. 

Amanda walked in still nude carrying a half t-shirt and g-string. She saw Tina standing there and let out a soft whistle. "You look almost as sexy as Deb does in that robe."

Tina blushed and tried to pull the robe closer around her. Amanda placed her hand on Tina's shoulder and said, "Hey its okay girl. I wouldn't be ashamed of your body." Amanda then turned on the shower and got in closing the shower doors. 

Tina stared at the outline of Amanda's nude body and could not believe the way her body was reacting. Until now a woman had never done this but suddenly here were two women that were turning her on. She walked out of the bathroom and back in to the living room where soft jazz was playing and Debbie was finishing the touches on setting the table. The food smelled and looked delicious.

Debbie saw Tina come into the living room and let out a gasp. Tina was gorgeous and the silk robe accented her body even more. "Wow, Amanda wasn't kidding. You're gorgeous. I bet you have to beat the guys off with a baseball bat."

Once again Tina blushed and was kind of glad that Debbie found her attractive. What was wrong with her? She found herself becoming aroused by this woman. Tina smiled and shrugged her shoulders because her mouth was dry.

Debbie saw the same signals that Amanda had talked about. This girl was sexually aroused but was trying to deal with her new urges. "Say while we wait for Amanda to get out of the shower how about we get our wine?"

Debbie walked into the kitchen and brought out two glasses of wine and handed one to Tina.

Tina took a sip and squeaked out, "So what do you?"

Debbie was still taking in the sexy body of Tina. "I work as a personal trainer over at Gold's Gym. My major in college was sports medicine. Everyone thought I was taking something easy but I make $125 an hour as a personal trainer plus I teach aerobics and work as a manager as well." Debbie walked over to a desk and pulled out a coupon for a free two week visit at the gym. "Why don't you come by sometime and I can give you some pointers to really firm up that sexy body."

Tina took the card and said, "I can't afford a gym right now."

Debbie leaned in close to take in the lilac smell of Tina's hair. "If you show up I can guarantee you won't have to pay a cent. Besides I could use an assistant to help around the place."

Once again Tina felt her self becoming aroused as Debbie stood close to her. She took a sip of wine and felt the room getting warm.

Just then Amanda came out of the bathroom wearing a white half t-shirt and a black g-string. "Okay girls how about we enjoy some food." The three women sat down and both Amanda and Debbie winked at each other. They knew what dessert was going to be.

An hour later the three women went and sat down in the living room. Tina sat in an overstuffed chair while Amanda and Debbie sat on the couch next to each other across from Tina. 

"Thank you for inviting me over tonight. I've had such a rotten day and spending this evening with you has made it feel a lot better." Tina said with a sigh. "The food was awesome."

Amanda nodded with a smile and then ask, "It's a shame your husband dumped you. I mean you are so pretty. Men can be such jerks; they screw you a few times and then once they get tired of you they go find another piece of ass."
