 This is a continuation from Tina's Threesome. Here she meets Debbie's friend Linda. I hope you enjoy it as you did the first story. Please feel free to make or send comments about it.

*********

Tina walked into the gym where Debbie worked. It had been over a week since Tina's discovery of her love for women. That love had been ignited by Amanda and her lover Debbie. All three had spent the previous weekend making love and sharing the passions that only a woman making love to another woman could share. Debbie had wanted Tina to meet her friend Linda that weekend but didn't because Linda was out of town on business and wasn't going to be back until the following week.

Debbie had offered Tina a job working at the gym as a receptionist and administrative assistant with a better pay offer than what she had been making at her office job. So, Tina went into work on Monday and gave her notice that she was quitting at the end of the week. Her supervisor that had chewed her out in front of the office apologized and begged her to stay because she was a valuable employee; Tina just shook her head, laughed and walked out of his office. She spent all week tying up loose ends and closing out projects she had going on. 

On Friday Tina took her next big step by dressing sexy instead of her conservative style that her ex-husband had always demanded that she wear. He felt that since she was a married woman by dressing sexy that just made her look like a woman that was looking to get laid instead of a married woman. Tina got up that morning took a shower and shaved her pussy again to keep it smooth. She then got dressed wearing a short skirt with a g-string underneath and a tight fitting blouse without a bra. Everyone in the office was shocked when she walked into the office but she didn't care. The men in the office watched Tina as she walked around the office during the day; before they wouldn't have given her a second glance but now they were talking to her and one even offered to buy her drink when they got off. They even were nice to her by offering to carry things for her and get the doors. She just laughed and ignored them. 

When 3:00 rolled around she grabbed her purse and decided to give everyone a glimpse of the new Tina. She stood up, smoothed her skirt and casually undid a button on her blouse which exposed the top of her breasts. She walked slowly up to her soon to be ex-supervisor's door and knocked on it. She then opened the door and said, "Hey I'm finished with all of the things I needed to get done. I'm leaving now and I hope that you have a nice day. She left the door open and turned to walk away. Tina dropped her purse on purpose then leaned over letting her skirt rid up over her ass giving her ex-supervisor as well as the rest of the office a nice view for a few seconds. She stood up and left her skirt resting on her ass and then walked out of the office for good. She stood at the elevator smoothing her skirt and laughing at what she had just done.

Tina arrived at home and started cleaning out the remains of her husband's stuff. There wasn't much because he had been slipping back home while she was at work during the week and packing up his items.. Tina changed into a half t-shirt and left her g-string on that she had worn to work and began cleaning her apartment from top to bottom getting rid of any items her ex-husband had left. She was enjoying wearing sexy clothes and walking around the apartment almost naked. Amanda and Deb were right about how comfortable it was do. 

Sunday afternoon rolled around and she had finished cleaning up the apartment. She smiled and decided it was time to go out and buy some new clothes to celebrate her new found life. She went to a Victoria Secret and bought all new sexy bikini, thong, and g-string style underwear. Her ex had always gotten mad when she wore some type of sexy lingerie even if it was for him.

She went to a store that specialized in women's exercise clothes and found a pair of tight fitting shorts and a white tank top to wear under a sweat suit outfit. Debbie had told her it was nice and warm in the gym and most of the staff wore shorts year round and she also had mentioned that she was going to get a chance to meet Linda so Tina wanted to make a good impression.

Now here she stood Monday morning beginning a whole new chapter in her life. She was no longer the old Tina that dressed conservatively and always did what her husband wanted to make him happy. She stood looking in the mirror at her nude body and ran her hands over it. She had even shaved her pussy to keep it bald and smooth and she felt the glow of feeling alive that she had felt for the first time when she had spent the weekend with Amanda and Deb. Tina put on a baby blue g-string and over them she put on the tight fitting spandex shorts. Tina looked in the mirror and liked the way the shorts felt hugging her ass. Tina started to reach for the matching bra that went with the g-string then decided not to wear it. She ran her hands over her breasts feeling how firm they were and gave each nipple a little playful twist. Tina grabbed the white cotton tank top and put it on. She looked in the mirror and liked what she saw. She grinned and if Linda didn't show up today maybe she could have some fun with Amanda and Deb tonight. She pulled on her sweat suit and shoes and then headed out the door.

Tina walked into the gym just after 8:00 and there were a few people working out but it was not too crowded. She looked around to see if she saw Debbie anywhere. She glanced over at the counter where a customer stood and then saw he was talking to Deb. Tina took a deep breath and walked over to the counter.

Debbie looked up from some papers and saw Tina standing there. "Hey girl, I'll be right with you. Why don't you go into my office and when I get done with this customer we'll get started with your paperwork so that we can get you working. It's going to be a busy but interesting day." Debbie said pointing towards an office. 

Tina smiled and walked in to Debbie's office and sat down waiting for Debbie to finish with the customer. She saw a lot of pictures of Debbie playing volleyball as well as pictures of Amanda. She was envious of the two women because of they way they seemed to be connected.

Debbie walked in and broke her thoughts. "Hey aren't you looking good!" Debbie looked at Tina with a sly grin. "You also have that "I've just been fucked look" that Amanda gets when I really fuck her good."

Tina blushed at the comment. "I wished I had but instead I've spent the weekend cleaning and getting new clothes."

Debbie smiled even more, "Well maybe one night this week Amanda and I can invite you and Linda over and you can give us all a private fashion show"

Tina blushed even more but was aroused at the thought of showing her new sexy lingerie off in front of the three women.

Debbie cleared her throat. "Linda will be in a little later for her daily workout and I can guarantee she is going to be here. Since she was gone all last week she wants to get back into the gym and work out. She just hates to miss her workouts." Debbie grabbed a folder that had Tina's name on it. "Now let's get the paperwork going. This should only take about 30 minutes to do and once we finish the paperwork I'll explain what your responsibilities will be." Debbie paused and then said, "It'll be great having you working here and it'll be a lot better than working in a stuffy office. By the way, when I spoke to Linda last week and talked about our wonderful weekend and how she missed meeting a hot number; I think she got a little curious about you." Debbie winked at Tina.

"She does?" Tina asked with a slight blush.

"Yes she does and from the sound of her voice she really wants to." Debbie said. "However, I think she's going to take it slowly. Her last relationship really broke her heart."

"So what does she do for a living?" Tina asked as she filled out the paperwork.

"Well, it was something she got into during college. She played volleyball with Amanda and I and we three were the core of the team. They called us the three musketeers. Anyway, the thing she did when she wasn't playing volleyball was teaching aerobics and a fitness trainer for women. She competed in some national aerobics competition and she designed some clothes to wear during those competitions. Some of her competitors became interested in what she designed. So, in her senior of college she scraped some money together and opened her own sporting goods line. It has grown into a very profitable business for her and over the last few years it has really taken off." Debbie said in a business like tone.

"What does she look like?" Tina asked curiously.

"I used to have a picture of us three in our sophomore year but she took it as a memory that she keeps in her office." Debbie said as she shuffled some paperwork around. Besides, Linda wants to see you first before she introduces herself. It's been over eight months since she has dated another woman. I think she wants to see you before meeting. Personally, I think she's just plain scared that you might be a big disappointment." 

Tina finished filling out her paperwork and handed it to Debbie. "Here is the last of the papers I needed to fill out. Between starting this new job and wanting to meet Linda I'm pretty nervous."

Debbie put her hand on Tina's, "It's like I told Linda, you two are going to hit it off and fall madly love with each other the minute you meet." Debbie placed the papers back into the folder and then said, "Before we head out to give you a tour of the gym and introduce you to the rest of our staff let me give you one of our t-shirts to wear. This is the only required dress code that the gym has. It has our logo on it and the marketing people feel that it's a way to advertise. Besides our black t-shirt you can wear any pair of nice work out sweats or shorts Now let's get you working and meeting everyone." Debbie handed Tina a black t-shirt with the gym's logo splashed on the front and back of the shirt. Debbie gave Tina a smaller size shirt so that her upper body was accented. 

Tina took off her tank top exposing her breasts to Debbie. She saw Debbie lick her lips and give a sly wink as she changed her shirt. Tina realized that the t-shirt was snug and definitely showed off her breasts.

Debbie stood up, "All right let's get you out to the gym area and working before I decide to have a snack!

After Tina had been given a tour of the gym she started working behind the counter handing out towels for their workout as well as other administrative things. She had spent most of the day learning how to sign customers in, schedule the trainers, and of course washing, drying and folding towels to give to the members. She felt a lot less stressful and already the whole staff was making her feel at home. Debbie had mentioned that she had developed a workout routine to help Tina firm her body up to make it look even sexier and wanted to get Tina get started the next day. Tina had taken off her jacket and already several guys had tried hitting on but she had brushed them off. She was in the midst of folding some towels when she heard a female voice speak up. "Say Miss, could I buy a pair of those workout gloves for women in a medium size please." 

Tina grabbed a pair from under the counter and looked up to hand the gloves to the customer. Tina was taken back at the female standing at the counter. She was tall, wearing a tight fitting muscle shirt that showed well developed arms for a female as well as a set of firm breasts and a pair of baggy sweat pants. But the thing that was drawing Tina's attention was the woman's long flowing dark red hair accented by green eyes.

"Well, can I have them please? I'd really like to get into my workout." The woman spoke in a firm but gentle voice.

Tina blinked her eyes and said, "I'm sorry, let me ring it up for you." Tina went over to the cash register and rang it up and said, "That'll be $21.37 altogether."

The woman handed her a credit card to pay for the gloves. "Say, you're new here aren't you? What's your name?"

Tina nodded her head as she ran the credit card and waited for the receipt to print up. She was becoming flustered as she had been at the Debbie and Amanda's. This woman seemed to have a beauty that reached out and wrapped it self around her. Finally Tina managed to squeak out, "My name is Tina and yes, I just started today." 

The woman took the receipt and signed it and handed it back to Tina. For a brief moment the woman's hand touched Tina's and both felt an erotic shock pass between them. The woman smiled and took her credit card back. 

Tina watched the woman as she headed towards the women's locker room.

Debbie came walking over to the counter with a grin on her face. "Well? What do you think of Linda?"

Tina looked surprised. "My god! That was Linda? She's beautiful and those eyes!" 

Debbie let out a small laugh. "I guess you didn't introduce yourself did you?"

"How was I supposed to know that was Linda? She never mentioned her name?" Tina said still in shock.

"Didn't you see the name on the credit card?" Debbie said trying to control her laughter. "I do believe that you are smitten with Linda."

Tina managed to get her composure back and wiped her brow with a towel. "She's beautiful Deb and she didn't even blink an eye at me." 

"Listen, you keep working and let me go talk to Linda. Like I told you last weekend she was burned pretty bad in her last relationship and she is a bit on the cautious side about meeting other women." Debbie said patting Tina's hand. "However, she must be interested in you because normally she isn't that nice to the counter person. In fact she has been responsible for about three other girls quitting. So, either she just got laid or she likes you. I'm betting on the latter."

Tina watched Debbie walk off towards the locker with a grin on her face. She had the same butterflies that she had felt the first night Amanda and Debbie had made love to her. She took a deep breath and refocused on the towels. She felt her self starting to calm down some.

Twenty minutes later Debbie came up to the desk with a smile on her face. "Look Linda needs a spotter for weights today. Usually I do it for her but I have a teleconference to sit in on, so I told her that you'll be spotting for her."

Tina felt her legs go weak. "I've never spotted for someone doing weights!"

Debbie just laughed. "Listen all you have to do is stand behind her as she is lifting just in case the weights slip. You'll do fine. I'll have Jack come up here to watch the counter."

"Why don't you have Jack spot for her?" Tina said trying to get out of doing the spotting.

"Listen Linda only wants another woman spotting for her. She doesn't trust the guys here because they would use it as an excuse to hit on her. She is here to work out not have every jerk who thinks he's god's gift to women hitting on her." Debbie said with a smile. "Now get your ass over there and spot for her! Oh, why don't you take off those sweat pants. I know you're wearing some nice tight fitting shorts. Linda might like them"

Tina sighed and felt butterflies swirling in her stomach as she removed her sweat pants. She took a deep breath as she left the counter area and headed towards the free weight area of the gym. She could feel all the guys' eyes on her as she crossed the gym to the area. Suddenly she saw Linda with her red hair pulled back in a pony tail and stretching her upper body. Linda was still wearing the baggy sweat pants she had worn in, but had put on a baggy shirt as well. Tina walked over and managed to speak up, "Hi, I'm Tina and Debbie sent me over to spot for you."

Linda stopped stretching and gave Tina a look over. "You're the girl that was working the counter when I came in. Well I guess you'll have to do." Linda walked over to the weight bench and took off what weights that were on the bar. "Okay how about getting me a couple of those 35lb and 25lb weights and bring them over. The way I do it is I'll do three sets of 12 reps and then I increase the weight." 

Tina walked over to the weight tree and picked up a 35lb weight and managed to get it over to the bench and then went and got the second one. By the time she got the second weight over she was sweating and breathing a little heavy.

Linda watched Tina move the weights. Debbie was right this girl had tenacity and didn't give up to easily. She was pretty cute and the shorts really showed off her ass. When Debbie had talk to her last Monday about their weekend with Tina; she had been a little mad about having to cancel the weekend with Amanda and Debbie. She had known them both since their college days of playing volleyball and was very good friends with them. Debbie and Amanda had also helped her get over Lisa the girl that had broken her heart. This new girl sounded really interesting and the fact that she had just been through a bad relationship as she had been made her feel a little closer to this girl. She also trusted Amanda and Debbie and to have Deb give this girl a thumbs' up made her a little curious about her. She watched Tina take a deep breath and stretch. Linda had to admit that Deb was right; this girl looked hot.

Linda adjusted the weights on the bar and said, "Okay, this is how I want you to spot me. Stand over my head and as I lift the bar, keep your hands just under the bar but don't grab it. If I feel it slipping then I'll let you know and then I'll expect you to grab the bar and help me lift back on to the bar rest. Any questions?"

Tina shook her head and was actually glad to be learning something that was physical instead of administrative. Tina spotted for Linda for over an hour and she was amazed at how well Linda handled the weights. Tina was curious as to how Linda looked under her clothes. She was fantasizing about Linda when Linda's voice broke her thoughts.

"Hey that was great! Thanks for spotting for me. I have some cardio stuff to do now, so you're done." Linda said stretching her upper body. "Say, usually I don't do this but, how about having some coffee when I finish here? It's the least I can do for having you spot for me."

Tina was surprised at Linda's invitation. She had thought that Linda was not even interested in meeting her because of her business like tone she had used throughout the workout. "Sure, sounds great. I get off at 5:00."

Linda used her towel to wipe off her face. "Well I'll be done before that but I'm sure Deb will let you off early." Linda smiled and walked off towards the tread mill area. The whole time that Tina had been spotting she had noticed that Tina was becoming aroused. She noticed that Tina's shorts were getting a damp spot and it wasn't because of sweat and her nipples were poking through her t-shirt.

Tina went back to the counter and had to take a deep breath. Just watching Linda work out had been a turn on. Besides, she had been wondering what Linda looked like underneath those sweats. She watched Linda as she got a tread mill and began a light jog. Tina let out a small sigh and couldn't help but fantasize about her. She looked down and noticed that her shorts had a damp spot in the crotch and her nipples were sticking out through her shirt. She felt embarrassed and hoped that Linda hadn't noticed. She quickly put her sweat pants back on.

Linda was jogging on the treadmill and occasionally looked over at the counter area. Debbie was right about Tina. She was a looker and according to what Debbie had briefly mentioned in the locker room, she was dynamite in bed. Linda was a little nervous about getting into another relationship after her last one went sour badly. However, Debbie had told her that either she could be cautious the rest of her life or go out and take chance. She could have some coffee over at Amanda's coffee house and see what this girl was about. Linda felt the treadmill increasing the incline which caused her to refocus on her workout. 
