 A Mistress and Charlotte story.

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day OffA Beautiful NightCharlotte's Opening DayBest Laid PlansCharlotte's Secret RecipeCharlotte's Jazzy Halloween

*

Author's Note

Some regular readers of Natasha and Charlotte's adventures have expressed an interest in getting to know Jo and Tina a little better. I think that sounds like a great idea, so this story is going to be all about them.

Much like Natasha and Charlotte, these two experiment with a little bit of kinkiness. They are a loving couple, and their play is safe, sane, and consensual. But if this type of behavior is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read.

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

I'm sure most of you know about the adventures that Mistress and I share together. If not, you should definitely start from the beginning and read Girl Friday. But, if you are a regular reader, then you probably also know our good friends Jo and Tina. We met a few stories back, in Best Laid Plans. They're a really cute couple and this tale is about them. I hope you enjoy it.

Love and Hugs,Charlotte

*

Introduction

I gripped the edge of the desk, preparing myself for the blow that was to come. I had my feet planted shoulder-width apart, and my back arched to push my ass up. I was fully clothed, but otherwise it was just like Mistress had taught me.

I glanced over my shoulder, waiting. Jo was still standing there behind me, chickening out again. "Are you sure you want me to do this?" she asked.

"Really, it's OK. I'll text Mistress if it'll make you feel any better."

"Yeah, I think you should."

C: M, is it OK if Jo spanks me?M: Why, have you been naughty?C: No M, purely educational.M: Fine with me. Wish I could be there to watch.

"See, I told you she'd be alright with it. Now, you're going to want to make sure she doesn't squirm away, so grab me around the waist and pin my hip to yours, OK?"

"Like this?" Jo had me in her grip.

"Yep. You want to make sure that her ass is within easy reach, so you can lay a good one on her, but you also want her to be comfortable."

"I don't get it, Charlotte. My girlfriend wants me to smack her bottom, and you're telling me she needs to be comfortable while I do it?"

"You want her mind completely focused on your hand as it contacts her ass, and not distracted by something like the edge of the desk digging into her hip bone, OK? Trust me, she'll appreciate the extra effort."

"OK, so like this?"

"Perfect. Now give me a swat."

"Oh, I don't know if I can do this."

"Give me a swat, Jo. Trust me."

Smack!

*

Part I

The whole situation started this morning, when I got a frantic text from Jo.

J: Are we still on for coffee today?C: I'll try. Really busy, though.J: Please, Charlotte. It's important.C: OK, I'll be there.

I drummed my fingers on the counter as I waited for my latte to come up. I was half thinking that when Jo showed up, she was going to tell me that Jeremy was back. That's how I met Detective Diamond in the first place. She was the one who helped me work through my stalker situation last spring. Last I heard though, Jeremy had been expelled from school and moved back home, several states away. Still, I was nervous. I had no desire to go through that hell again.

"Hey Jo, what's up?" I asked, as she set her cup on the table and pulled out the chair across from me.

"I need some advice, Charlotte."

I felt my shoulders slacken. "Good," I sighed, "I thought maybe this was a professional call and that he was back."

"Oh god no, Charlotte. I'm so sorry, I didn't even think about that. Some friend I am, huh?"

"It's OK, Jo," I assured her. "So, what can I help you with?"

"It's kind of a personal question. It's about Tina. She -- she wants me to spank her."

"Cool. So did you?"

"No. I chickened out. She said it was OK, but I'm afraid she's disappointed on some level. I really want to give her what she wants, but I don't know if I can. I don't think I even know how."

I snickered a little. I know it was immature of me, but for some reason I found the idea of this conversation rather humorous. I mean, I've never been hung up on the idea of a good spanking, in fact I rather enjoy them. But poor Jo, I could see she was really having a tough time with this.

"Sorry, Jo," I said, "I don't mean to make light of your situation. Listen, are you sure you want to talk about this here?"

Jo glanced around. "Probably not. Can we head over to my office? If you've got time."

"For you, Jo? Sure."

It was a brisk walk over to the campus police office, but the color of the leaves and the crispness of the air made it worthwhile. "I love this time of year," I said, making small talk as we trekked onward. "I just wish it wasn't followed by winter."

"I thought you'd be looking forward to the end of autumn. You're graduating after fall semester, aren't you?"

"Yep. Still no solid job leads though. I'm probably doomed to give piano lessons to six-year-olds for the rest of my life."

"You're very talented, Charlotte. You'll find something," Jo assured me, as we walked through the door and into warmth of the building. I flashed her a smile in return. We were being discrete, so our original topic of conversation didn't really start up again until we were safely inside Jo's office with the door shut.

"So, did Tina say what kind of spanking she needs?" I asked.

"There's more than one? I am so doomed." Jo was exasperated. I'd never seen her so wound up like this.

"Relax, Jo. Does she want you to punish her for something?"

"She never really said anything about punishment." Jo looked at me with concern. "Oh my god, Charlotte, is that what Natasha does to you?"

"No, not anymore," I assured her. "We're on a reward-based system now." I leaned back in my chair. A dreamy smile began to form on my lips, as thoughts of the most recent reward danced through my mind.

"I really didn't need that image in my head, Charlotte," Jo teased, interrupting my visions of Mistress with her fingers in my pie.

"You're the one who asked me here to talk about spankings," I reminded her.

"Alright, alright. So, it's this bad cop fantasy she's been having ..."

"Let me guess, you're the cop."

"Mmm-hmm."

"And bad cop Jo spanks naughty Tina? Sounds like fun."

"I guess." Jo didn't sound too convinced.

"Trust me, it'll be fun. You just need to get her turned on first -- and I mean really turned on -- the more aroused she is, the better it will feel. So whatever it is you guys do to get her hot, do a lot of that. Afterwards, she'll be begging you to turn her ass pink."

"I -- I'm not sure if I can do it, Charlotte. I mean ... I'm pretty sure she's the one, ya know. I don't want to hurt her. I love her."

"Hey, Mistress loves me, and I love her, but I still get off on her covering my ass in pink hand-prints from time to time."

"But -- but, doesn't it hurt?"

"Hell yeah it hurts, but it's a good hurt, ya know? Gets my endorphins all revved up. And I know Mistress likes it. She says that hearing the crack of her hand against my skin, and feeling that tingle on her palm -- well, let's just say it gives her quite a rush. It's definitely a win-win for us." Jo stared at me, her brow furrowed. "Jo, listen," I continued. "You like spicy food, right?"

"Sure ... Wait, are you trying to tell me that spanking Tina is going to be like eating spicy food?"

"Yeah, pretty much, except the sting will be on her ass instead of in her mouth. Then you can spend the rest of your night rubbing it and making her feel better. Maybe even get your tongue in there and ..."

"Charlotte, please!"

"Sorry, Jo. You know I like kinky stuff. So, did Tina mention if she wanted it over the knee, bent over the couch, something else?"

"We had just gotten back to my place after a few drinks. So we were having trouble keeping our hands off of each other, if you know what I mean."

"Mmm-hmm."

"Anyway, she starts telling me about this fantasy where she's been a very, very bad girl."

I snickered. "Seriously? I thought that only happened in porn."

"Charlotte!"

"Sorry."

"So, she told me she was a suspect in a crime, and that I arrested her, and I took her back to my office and ..."

"OK, got it," I interrupted. "Sounds like a classic bend over and grab the desk spanking to me."

"You have names for these?" Jo said, looking a bit distraught. "Oh, why does that not surprise me? I'm really not up on this stuff at all, am I?"

"Don't worry. I'll show you grab the desk, and I'll explain over the knee. Over the knee is very intimate, and Tina will probably really enjoy it, but I'm not sure I'd be comfortable demonstrating it for you. I mean, I like you Jo, but not in that way, OK?"

"Totally understand. Thanks for helping me with this by the way. I really appreciate it."

"Hey, that's what friends for, right?" I gave Jo a wink, and watched as she shivered just a little.

*

Part II

"Goodnight, Tina. Have a great weekend."

"Goodnight, guys. You too." I was just putting on my coat when Jo came by to pick me up. We had agreed to go out tonight, but as usual with Jo, plans were pretty loose.

"Hey, babe," she said, and kissed me on the cheek.

"Hey yourself," I answered.

"Is that a new skirt? Looks good on you."

"Thanks. It's wool. Keeps me nice and toasty in this drafty old building."

Jo leaned in and whispered in my ear. "Does great things for your butt, too."

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught her hand moving in to give me a squeeze. I elbowed her in the ribs before she got the chance. She just grinned, totally unfazed.

"Listen babe, I was hoping I might be able to talk you into coming over tonight. Maybe sweeten the deal by taking you to dinner first."

I smiled. "Maybe you could take me to that new Asian-Middle Eastern Fusion restaurant."

"Wok the Casbah?"

"Yeah, that's the one. I've been dying to try it ever since they opened."

"Sure thing," she said, and kissed me again. "And you really do look nice in that skirt. I wasn't just making an excuse to grab your butt."

"Try to keep your hands to yourself until we're alone, OK?" I insisted. Jo gave me a pout, but I knew she was just putting on a show. As much as she liked to play the part of the sex-starved girlfriend, she really was just a big teddy bear at heart. That's what I loved about her.

The restaurant I had chosen was close to campus, so it didn't take us long to get there on foot. It was geared toward the college crowd, so nothing fancy, but rumor had it that the food was excellent. We grabbed our trays and found a couple of empty stools by the window. From there we could enjoy our dinner while gazing out upon the masses of humanity, all bundled up, shuffling home for the evening.

"So yeah, he actually crawled into the dryer and passed out," Jo was saying. She always had a few good drunken college student stories for conversation starters. Said it was one of the perks of her job. "The only reason we found out is because his friends were being obnoxious and pestering people for quarters."

"Good thing they didn't find any."

"Yeah, maintenance would've just loved that," Jo said. "Clean up in aisle three!" We both grinned.

"Oh, I'm so glad we're past that stage of our lives," I remarked, and turned my gaze to her plate. "Hey, can I try a bite of yours? You can have some of mine."

"General Mustafa Chicken, babe. Not for the feint of heart."

"I can handle it," I insisted.

Jo watched me as I chewed, looking mildly amused. Holy crap, this was spicy! A pause hung between us for a moment as I struggled with the flames in my mouth. I wasn't planning to give her the satisfaction of 'I told you so', but ...

"Water!" I finally gasped. Jo handed me a cup and I gulped at it.

She was grinning. "Better stick to your tofukebabs and leave the dangerous stuff to the professionals."

"How do you even eat that?" I asked. Jo just shrugged.

I took another long sip and held it in my mouth for a few seconds, waiting for the fire to die down.

"So, I had the dream again," I said.

"The one where ..."

"Mmm-hmm."

"And what did you do to get in trouble this time?"

"I don't know, it varies. But it always ends up the same. You frisk me ..."

She turned to me and whispered, "Frisk you how?"

"Oh, you're very thorough," I whisper in return. "You have me pressed up against the wall, and you're very close to me." I leaned into Jo, my lips mere inches from her ear. "Close enough that I feel your breath on the back of my neck."

I watched as Jo shuddered. It wasn't easy provoking that kind of reaction from her -- to unhinge the always-in-control Detective Diamond -- I felt rather proud of myself. "Sometimes you tell me to put my hands behind my head," I continued. "Other times you have my palms pressed up on the wall. You always insist that you're going to find what it is that you're looking for, it's only a matter of time."

"And?" she whispered.

"And, you kick my legs apart and start groping me. You tell me you're going to search me, and that I'd better cooperate."

"Do you? Cooperate?"

"I don't resist. I don't want to make things worse for myself. You've made it very clear that you can send me away for a long time. So I let you do what you want -- whatever you want. You're moving your hands under my shirt, your nails scratch my stomach, your fingers tug at my bra and pinch my nipples."

I feel my own nipples stiffen a bit as I think about last time I acted out this fantasy at home. "You tell me you're going to find it, the thing that I stole. All the while I just feel your hot breath on my neck, and I try to stay still."

"Do you? Stay still?"

"Yeah, I do. I'm trembling all over, and my knees are getting weak. But you're pressed up against me so hard, Jo. I can't go anywhere. I'm trapped between you and the wall. Next thing I know your hand is reaching down my pants. You tell me you're going to have to do a body cavity search."

"Oh, babe." Jo's voice was trembling.

"Yeah, I like that part," I whispered, as I continued conjuring up images of my fantasy. "You search for a really, really long time. Deep too. Sometimes one finger, sometimes two or more. Pressing, filling me -- over and over and over.

"I feel like I can't stand up anymore. But you've got me pinned. I have no choice but to surrender to you. And sometimes Jo, sometimes I dream that I feel one of your fingers pushing into my ass. Like as deep as it can go. That gets me really quivery. Makes my knees shake."

"Wow."

"Yeah, you're really thorough. I'm pretty much a wreck by the time you're done."

"I bet," she heaved. "So then what?"

"You tell me that with all the evidence you found, you can send me away for a long time. I don't want to go back to prison, so I plead with you. I tell you I'll do anything you want, but I can't go back to the big house."

"The big house?" she chuckled. "Babe, you watch too many bad movies."

"It's my fantasy, OK? Quit interrupting."

"Sorry. So then what happens?"

"You tell me that my debt to society must be paid, and that with all the evidence against me, there's no way I can avoid going to prison. I beg you for mercy. I can't go back, I say. I'm on my knees, pleading."

"And what do I do?"

"This is where it gets good. I'm usually rubbing myself pretty hard at this point ..."

"You're what?"

"You heard me, Jo. I'm banging the shit out of myself. I get all sweaty and tangled up in the sheets. I dream it's you holding me down. Then I imagine you grabbing me by the hair, and dragging me over to your desk."

"Babe," she says, and rests her hand on my thigh.

"Yeah," I continue. "You tell me that one way or another, I'm going to pay my debt to society. If not in prison, then right here in your office, bent over your desk."

"Oh, babe." I feel her hand squeezing now.

"You order me to drop my pants ..."

"Mmm-hmm."

"And then you spank me Jo. Like hard. I beg you to stop, but you keep going. You tell me it's this or prison. It hurts ..."

"And you're OK with this?"

"I'm thinking about it while I come, Jo. So yeah, I'd say I'm pretty OK with it."

"Babe." Her hand was in my lap now.

We were shielded from view by the surface of the counter, so I took her hand and pressed it hard into the folds of my skirt. I heard her inhale sharply. I looked at Jo, and then at her plate. "So, you wanna finish that up and take me back to your place now?"

"How about my office?" She gave me a sly grin. "Home is so far away."

I nodded and grabbed my coat. Jo never did finish her chicken.

*

Part III

Fortunately, we were all alone when we got to my office. The overnight officers were all out on patrol, so I figured we had the place to ourselves. I closed my office door and lowered the shades, just in case.

"I've been such a bad girl, Jo." Tina was wasting no time, as she wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed herself against me.

"I know you have, babe." I spun her around and pushed her up against the wall. I was not gentle. She didn't seem to care.

"Mmm," she moaned, as I pressed into her from behind. I grabbed her wrists and dragged her hands up onto the wall. I felt Tina shudder beneath me.

"I know you've got it on you somewhere," I hissed. "I will find it, you know." Tina just moaned again. I pulled at her top until it came free of her waistband. I dashed underneath with my splayed fingers, raking my nails across the tender skin of her tummy. I thought about the parallel pink trails I was leaving, and got a little shiver.

Tina was playing her part beautifully. She offered no resistance, and only moans, as I continued groping. I took full advantage of her fondness for front-clasp bras, and freed her breasts with one easy motion. Her moaning increased as I rolled her nipples between my thumb and fingers. "I am going to find it," I said, "even if it takes all night." Tina's moaning only increased with that remark.

"Lift your skirt," I ordered. Tina didn't move. "You OK with this?" I asked.

"Mmm-hmm."

"Be sure to tell me if you're not, OK?"

"Mm-kay."

"I said, lift your skirt, criminal." I pulled one of Tina's hands off the wall and placed it on her thigh. She got the idea, and helped me as I dragged her skirt up and out of the way. I didn't stop until it was gathered around her waist. "Hold it there, and don't move," I commanded.

Tina was back to moaning again. She did move just a little bit, but it was only to arch her back and push her ass out toward me, so I let it slide. I felt like one very lucky woman right now. This may have started out as Tina's fantasy, but I was quickly adapting to my role.

"If you don't tell me where you hid it," I said, "I'm going to have to look everywhere." I pressed hard up against her, grinding my hips into her ass. "And I do mean everywhere." I punctuated my remark by snaking my hand down between her thighs, and grabbing at the silky fabric of her panties. I was not particularly gentle. And I got the feeling that Tina did not particularly care.

"Oh fuck, Jo," she heaved, as I rubbed her through the thin fabric.

I let my tongue wander up Tina's neck, from the base of her collarbone to just below her ear, and clamped onto her earlobe with my teeth. "Cavity search," I whispered, and tugged at the waistband of her panties. Tina moaned, but didn't struggle. "I will find it," I added just for effect, as her underwear slid to the floor and she stepped out of it.
