 At 8:00 AM the back door to the office clanged shut. CiCi glanced at the time. She had been alone in the office, and normally her coworkers didn't start filtering in until about 9:30. The stragglers who had stayed late the night before came in around 10. She craned her neck around the office door and called, "Hello?" into the back hallway. She was only answered by some bustling in the breakroom. She swore she heard a faint sob. 

CiCi, concerned, locked her computer and sauntered into the hallway. She made an attempt at being quiet so as not to scare her company. As she approached the door of the breakroom, she called out "Hello?" one more time. Startled, Mel gasped. 

"Im sorry! I didn't mean to... Hey, what's wrong?" CiCi said noticing Mel trying to discreetly wipe the tears from her cheeks. 

"Oh, nothing!" She said "Nothing, I'm fine..." 

CiCi took a second to feel a little self conscious. Mel was beautiful, and CiCi would never admit that she didn't mind that it was just the two of them. Mel's small frame rivaling the bulge in her belly. She was 5 months pregnant. Her blonde hair tumbled over her shoulders, still a little wet from the morning shower. You could see the sadness in her eyes still. They were green, and they showed everything she was feeling. She put her face in her hands and her shoulders started to shake again. 

"Hey, it's okay, Mel. Hold on, Let's go to my office." CiCi felt the need to reach out and touch her. Maybe even hold her. Mel dropped her hands to her belly. 

"Okay," She sniffled, "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to... I didn't think anyone..."

"Don't apologize." CiCi quipped. She reached out and cupped Mel's chin in her hand. Mel closed her eyes, and felt CiCi's warm hand against her skin. CiCi had always been sweet to her. She had long dark hair down to the middle of her back with blue eyes that were clear enough to be ocean water. Her smile was a little lopsided and Mel knew she was capable of making anyone laugh. She had that charm about her. 

Mel returned from her reverie just as CiCi's hand took her own and led her to her office. 

"Do you want me to close the door?" CiCi asked. Why was she being so cautious? Mel thought. She nodded yes, and CiCi quietly shut the door, and drew the blinds. Mel looked down at her tummy, her shirt streched tightly across her indulgent breasts. CiCi couldn't help but notice, she seemed a little insecure, crossing her arms and shifting in her seat. 

CiCi grabbed a little plastic cup for her Keurig, and a mug and started the machine. She finished it, and put whipped cream on top. She handed it to Mel and winked. Mel's eyes welled up with tears as she smiled and took it. This was something CiCi did for her a lot. This pregnancy had been an emotional one for Mel, and CiCi had made it just that much more bearable. CiCi never felt nervous near women. But something about this one that needed her right then made her a little uneasy, although she was the master at playing it cool. 

Mel put the cup down, with a little whipped cream adorning her top lip. She hung her head as CiCi sidled up next to her, touching her shoulder.

"Mel, you don't have to talk about it." CiCi breathed as she caught a whiff of what smelled like coconut shampoo. "But you know that you can."

Mel searched CiCi's eyes for something CiCi was not sure of, and began to cry again. CiCi pulled her into a hug, he belly bulging between them. Mel could feel CiCi's strong body holding her weight and caressing her back. When CiCi's hand slid forward to her belly, She felt a prickle down below. It'd been so long since somebody loved her the way a girl as beautiful as she should be loved, and it was weighing on her now. She guided CiCi's hand lower on her belly. CiCi was acutely aware of the movement she felt. 

"What's wrong, sweet girl?" CiCi said as she inhaled sharply as she realized how close she was to Mel. Mel seemed to notice, because she moved CiCi's hand around her belly awhile longer before answering. 

"I think he's going to leave me." She said weakly. Her hands dropped suddenly and she got up, leaving CiCi alone on the couch. She paced. 

"He doesn't look at me anymore. He doesn't touch me. He's just so pushy when we're out in public... I... I... I... what am I going to do?" She sobbed as a fresh batch of tears flooded her eyes. CiCi quickly got up, and held her tightly, not knowing what to say. 

Mel felt suddenly safe in a way she hadn't in quite some time. She realized her underwear was suddenly damp as she breathed in CiCi's smell. Her shoulders were strong and her soft flannel shirt made Mel want to just fold up and stay there forever. She felt CiCi carressing her back and wondered what it would feel like if her hands wandered towards her now soaked pussy. She was still crying, this was a whirlwind of emotions that she was not prepared for. She felt CiCi take the small of her back, and guide her back to the couch. 

"I can't speak for him, Mel. But if a you can't love your pregnant fiance- the woman having your baby- then I would say he doesn't deserve you at all." Mel flattened her hands over her belly, contemplating what would happen if her baby were to be without its father. She felt a sudden fit of anger, but it quickly passed as CiCi had rested her hand on her knee. Gently rubbing her thumb back and forth across a small tear in Mel's jeans. She looked pensive, with her forehead scrunched up and her eyes concerned she saw something in CiCi. She felt safe and protected and warm with her. All of a sudden, overwhelming desire overcame her and she planted a kiss on CiCi's mouth. 

Surprised, CiCi drew back. 

"Oh no... I'm so sorry. I'm just... these pregnancy hormones... I didn't mean to..." She trailed off as CiCi brushed a piece of blonde, tear soaked hair, off her face and behind her ear. CiCi smirked. God Mel loved that smirk. How had she never noticed this before? CiCi was there, and she was sweet, and Mel fell speechless. 

"Shh." CiCi whispered, leaning in close and tenderly kissing Mel's waiting lips. She drew her in, and felt her sigh. CiCi's tongue was sweet with the Dr. Pepper she'd been drinking. Mel savored the taste. She was melting. She felt herself get wet again, more so this time. She let out a little moan as CiCi's hands wandered to her waist and brushed by her pelvis. 

CiCi shifted Mel in her arms, and pulled back. Mel's eyes still closed, CiCi laid her down, careful to give her a pillow so the weight of her belly wouldn't hurt her. Mel was completely content, letting CiCi's strong hands guide her where her body needed to go. She could feel her need to be touched grow even more as CiCi kissed her neck and her breasts through her shirt. 

There was nothing pushy or demanding in CiCi's kiss or touch. Simply appreciation. So when she lifted Mel's shirt to kiss the soft skin of her bulging belly, Mel didn't feel self conscious in any way. CiCi looked up, almost for permission. When Mel nodded, CiCi helped her to sit up and pulled her shirt over her head. 

CiCi continued to kiss down her neck, nipping every so often. When she got to Mel's full, full breasts, she expertly undid her bra with her left hand. Mel sighed as CiCi made her way down, taking her full and sensitive nipples into her mouth. CiCi's touch was urgent, but careful. 

She reached Mel's belly. She was overcome with Mel's beauty. She felt so much need for her right now, a need to make her feel alright. Better than alright, even. Loved. That's what she wanted Mel to feel. So she held back her own urgency, and focused on the language of Mel's body. When she tensed, and sighed, and moaned. 

CiCi payed special attention to Mel's belly. Kissing and touching and licking. It was playful and sweet. Finally, Mel was panting. Her tummy moving up and down rapidly as she anticipated more and more. Her pants would have to go. She reached around, attempting to undo her own pants but CiCi just held her hands, squeezed them and pinned them down at her sides, ever so playful. 

She undid the drawstring of Mel's maternity pants with her teeth, making Mel's belly shake lightly with laughter. There was that smile CiCi had been searching for. 

She continued down, and could smell Mel's sweet juices. She kissed the underside of her belly towards her soaked pussy softly. Mel's hands found her way into CiCi's hair, pulling softly. CiCi rose up, and kissed her on the mouth just to make sure she was ready. Mel appreciated how slow she was going. This was her first time with a woman, and CiCi knew it. 

Mel nodded and closed her eyes. 

"I'll be gentle." CiCi breathed, as she removed the only clothing Mel had left. Mel suddenly sat up, pulling at CiCi's shirt. CiCi eased her back onto her back, and removed her shirt and her bra. Mel eagerly took her breasts in to her mouth, and pushed CiCi's hand toward her vagina. 

CiCi's hand wandered over Mel's belly and slid into her slit, rubbing gently. Mel gasped as CiCi gently bit her neck as she entered her with her middle finger. She took her thumb, and gently massaged her clit. Mel was already close to coming. CiCi knew it. So she kissed quickly down her pregnant body and nipped at the insides of her thighs. Mel tightened her grip on CiCi's hair as she slid her tongue inside of her. She started out slow, and became more and more fervent. Right as Mel was about to climax, CiCi moved to kiss her. Mel gripped CiCi's shoulder as she felt her body surge and her pussy release all of her pent up juices. CiCi stroked Mel's hair, no longer wet from tears but from a sheen of sweat. CiCi drank her in, kissing her one last time. 

"You're so beautiful. Don't let anybody treat you as anything less than you deserve. And if you want, I promise I will be here for you through all this." She said looking deep into Mel's eyes. Mel felt relief. This was how she was supposed to feel. As she cleaned herself up, She began to hear the others finally arriving. CiCi was watching her from her desk, with that damn crooked smile.