 Denise lay in bed in her room at the "Ramada Inn" in "Eugene, Oregon," staring at the seam of light shining between the closed drapes and the side of the window frame. This seam of light bothered her because she liked sleeping in complete darkness and quiet. However, neither was possible in motel rooms.

Denise was a night person who still had the vitality and energy to face the day after little or no sleep. During her high school days she worked as a waitress at a well-known, underground restaurant called "The Gateway Plaza" located near what is called "The Point" or The Golden Triangle in "Pittsburgh, PA," where three rivers meet.

She worked night shifts, but being a night person it wasn't hard on Denise except for the fact that while going to high school Denise went without sleep from Friday morning when she got up to go to school until she crashed Sunday evenings. That was about sixty hours running on youth and adrenalin.

This was not the case this time. Denise was now a mature woman in her early thirties living her own life successfully; however, something had been missing in her life for some time. A lovemate with whom she could share her life. Oh, yes, she did the bar scene, often meeting someone with whom to spend the night, but she hadn't connected with any woman thus far who was special and whom she could love, both giving and receiving. Someone with whom she could share her life.

This is the way it was for Denise until she met Nan on the Internet in a Website set up for people of "Irish" descent and any who loved things that are "Irish" and the lifestyle. 

Both being "Irish" Nan and Denise met on this Website called "Irishpenpals," and as the name implies this site was not a dating service nor for people looking for sex. It was intended to get those who were "Irish" all over the world to have interactive togetherness. 

One just looked for other "Irishmen" and "Irish" Colleens with similar interests and email them through the Website "Irishpenpals."

Denise's first "Irishpenpal" was Meg from Downunder/Australia. What caught Denise's attention about Meg was that she played the "Irish" whistle just as Denise did, and so the two had an immediate bond between them even though they were a half world apart. 

As time went on Denise had about twelve "Irishpenpals" from all parts of the U. S. and throughout the world. 

One day Denise received an email from an "Irishpenpal" named Nan who lived in "Southern California" above "LA" while Denise lived on the Mid-West Coast of "Florida." This made for quite a geographical distance between them, but Cyberspace not being bound by time and space made it seem as if they were next door neighbors. Thus began a sharing of emails, ecards, and eventually phone calls which they called "phone dates." 

During their correspondence Nan and Denise surprisingly found they had many things in common. Both were born in "Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"; although, Denise was three years older than Nan, and while Denise grew up in "Pittsburgh" until she went off to college, Nan's parents moved her to a little town north of "Pittsburgh" named "Franklin." They also knew out-of-the-way nameplaces such as "Zelienople" and "McConnell's Mill," and also had family contacts in "Wheeling, West Virginia." 

As they became closer with one another, they felt the need to put faces on one another and voices to go with them. Therefore, they exchanged photos which led to their phone dates which could go on for hours.

This went on for about a year until Denise took the initiative and sent Nan an email, asking if they should meet one another. She did so with trepidation since she didn't want to press as well as get turned down, but the only way the two would meet was to ask.

When Denise sent the email, her heart pounded in her chest, and her breathing was fast and shallow, causing her breasts to rise and fall with each inhale of air. The cloth of her T-Shirt rubbed against her nipples with each breath, causing her them to become hard with sexual arousal.

Despite the uneasiness she felt having sent the email, her misgivings were soon answered. Nan's reply came to Denise that very evening when she checked her email, and Nan's name jumped out at Denise in the Sender column as if it were the only email in her Inbox.

After a moment's hesitation and a deep breath, Denise clicked onto Nan's email highlighted in blue and opened her letter.

"Dear Denise,

I must say I was surprised, if not shocked, with your suggestion of our meeting one another after all this time and the many emails, ecards, photos, and phone dates we've exchanged and had. However, I admit, the same thought had gone through my mind many times as the months turned into years of knowing one another through Cyberspace and "Snail Mail." 

I remember our first phone date when we told one another later how nervous we were when we heard the phones ringing and listening to our voices for the first time, adding another dimension to our friendship. Trying to match our voices with the photos we had shared. :-) However, after the first few words, we talked and talked for two hours which lasted for you on the East Coast until 3:00 A.M. and me 12:00 A.M. 

Anyway, despite the fact I've thought about our meeting one another, I'm glad it was you who asked since I'm somewhat shy regarding "firsts" and usually don't make the first move.

Be that as it may, Denise, my answer to you is 'Yes!' I think it is time for us to meet one another.

There, I finally got around to answering your question when a simple 'Yes' at the beginning probably would have been better and obviously more direct. LOL

Now my heart is beating faster and my breaths are coming in shallow gasps from every thought about our meeting one another. I can't wait. It will be like us having a present to open. :-)

With Affection,

Your friend, Nan"

Denise repeated Nan's letter so often she knew it by heart, and now lying naked in bed on the sheets, her legs held slightly apart with sweat all over her body from the excitement of just remembering what tomorrow would bring, her and Nan together, she repeated the letter once more.

Now with Nan's image before her, Denise knew she wouldn't get to sleep right away. Besides, the lustful thoughts having run through her mind had aroused her libido, and she knew she would not sleep until she had an orgasm.

Denise brought her hands to her breasts and cupped them. She felt her nipples already stiff and erect as she let her fingertips play with them, moving them back and forth. Sometimes she squeezed her breasts in her hands, causing her nipples to rise and sit up like two pink cherries on top of two mounds of vanilla ice cream.

Denise's feeling herself up sent messages to her brain, and her brain sent back feelings of sexual arousal, the mind-body connection even in that which is sexual. These messages started Denise to lubricate inside her vagina, and she felt wet between her legs.

Because of her wanton desires Denise knew she had to cum. It wasn't a matter of "if." It was a matter of "need."

Feeling flushed in the face, Denise slid her right hand from her left breast, down her side, over her taught belly that dipped inward towards her hips, and immediately felt through her blonde pubic hair to her pussy. Denise continued to cup and massage her right breast with her left hand and immediately, without hesitation, thrust her first two fingers of her right hand as far as they would go up her vaginal sheath.

"Oh, my...mmmmmmmm. I'm so hot and horny," sighed Denise, "and my fingers inside my pussy feel so good. So damn-fucking good."

Now Denise was really sexually stimulated, and she felt herself getting wetter and wetter and her vagina closing around her two fingers as she moved them in-and-out as she finger-fucked herself.

When she felt the first signs of her orgasm, Denise withdrew her fingers from her pussy and slid them between her blood-swollen labia, going right to her clit.

With her fingers Denise felt the sensitive nub of her clit that had expanded and become large beyond its protective hood, and even though she could not see these parts of her clit, nevertheless, they were there enlarged by the flow of blood to them: the shaft and legs of her clit that are long, thin bands of firm tissue that flare outward from the shaft along the pubic bone into two points, the cross/crus. 

"Oh, my lord," Denise sighed to herself. "I love my pussy, and I love pleasuring it until it thrills me with my orgasms that cum and that sometimes even ejaculate from the spongy area inside my vagina...my G-Spot...and squirts fluid out of my vagina and/or urethra. Sometimes it's just a few drops of fluid, but at "other times" it can be a cup or more, and I might ejaculate again and again if I have multiple orgasms. I also love the taste of my love juice."

All these thoughts passed through Denise's mind as quickly as lightning strikes and is gone.

"What a wondrous thing a woman's pussy is," Denise sighed again within herself.

By now with her fingers moving quickly back and forth over her clit, Denise was just about there, and she knew which buttons to push.

With her sexual tension mounting, Denise's heart beat faster...her breathing came faster and deeper...and she was ready for her orgasm.

A powerful surge of sexual energy built up just waiting to be released, and Denise pressed her fingers onto her clit that by now was so overwhelmingly sensitive that a final touch sent Denise over the edge, and she was engulfed in the wonders of her orgasm.

"Oh, yeah! Yeah! This is what I want. This is what I need," Denise thought through the tremors of her cumming, the quaking of her body.

Denise's orgasm seemed to go on and on, and even after it was over, she lay in bed soaked in sweat until her body relaxed and was still and her clit wasn't as sensitive to the touch as it had been.

Now she could breath more easily, and with a breath Denise brought her cum-covered fingers to her mouth and sucked on them, tasting the very essence of her erotic pussy cream.

"Mmmmmmm, yes. That's what I enjoy. The taste of pussy. Mine will do, but I love eating other women and tasting their cum even better."

Denise paused and said softly to herself, "I wonder what Nan will taste like?" And she smiled somewhat wickedly.

"Now look at myself. I'm all sweaty. I can't go to sleep this way," Denise said to herself, and so she got up and took another quick shower. 

Having cummed and showered, Denise got back into bed to relax and get some sleep. She looked at the ceiling once again and tried to count the holes in one of the square tiles, and somewhere in doing this "Morpheus," the god of sleep, came to her and guided her into a night of restful slumber and mystic dreams.

The last thought in Denise's mind was of her telling Nan in one of her emails that when they first met, she would take her into her arms and kiss her.

Morning slipped in softly on a "Zepher" wind and chased away the darkness of night as Denise slowly opened her eyes to a new day, the day she and Nan would finally meet face to face.

Denise rolled onto her left side and saw it was 6:45 A.M., fifteen minutes before the alarm. She smiled because she hated being awakened by a noisy alarm.

Flipping back the sheet and light cover, Denise sat up on the side of the bed where she waited a few moments before getting up and walked over to the window to see what the morning brought.

Denise held aside the edge of the drapes slightly since she was still naked and looked out on one of those gloomy-gus days that descends on "Oregon" often during the summer months but usually every day during the winter. Grey skies; low clouds; hazy, damp mist; or rain from a drizzle to heavy. It reminded Denise of "Ireland" somewhat where there are many such days, but that rain is the reason the "Emerald Isles" are so green.

Having checked the weather for herself, not trusting the weather reports, Denise went to take another quick shower and wash her hair to make herself presentable for Nan. She most certainly wanted to make a good first impression.

Denise used the hair dryer to dry her hair and then ran a comb through her naturally wavy, blond hair. She then put on a neutral base, a light blush, and slightly darker shadow on her upper eyelids that blended in with a lighter shade towards her eyelashes that were naturally dark for her being blond. She added a light brown eyeliner to accentuate her pale, blue eyes. Light, pink lip gloss outlined with a slightly darker pink color and she was done.

As Denise did her lips, she remembered "Roman" women used red on their lips as a symbol of their female genitalia.

Having done the basics, Denise put on light, tan slacks with pockets; long-sleeve white blouse with large,cuffs and pointed lapels that opened at the top and cut a nice "V" down to the first button, accentuating her neck around which hung a small Celtic, gold cross and her breasts. On her feet she wore a pair of tan pumps with short heels. Being almost six feet tall Denise certainly didn't need any more height.

Getting her raincoat and umbrella made her ready to go to the airport.

Having taken a last look at herself in the mirror, Denise left her room, rolling her suitcase behind her along with her backpack and took the stairs down to the first floor since there weren't any elevators. She went directly to the Front Desk where she checked out and reserved a seat on the airport shuttle.

A short, twenty minute drive and Denise got off the shuttle and went into the airport, going directly to the rental car desks to get the one she had reserved with her airline reservation.

All was in order, so within minutes Denise went out to find the car and put her suitcase and backpack into the trunk. She then went back into the airport to await Nan's 10:00 A.M. flight.

With time on her hands, Denise strolled around the small airport, feeling nervous with butterflies flitting about in her stomach. To do something to occupy her time, Denise went into the gift shop to look around, thinking she might get something for Nan. She didn't know what. She'd just look.

However, she came to a corner where there was a rack with stuffed animals in the shelves. With nothing particular in mind, Denise went to a rack of stuffed animals and sorted through the ones there, seeing nothing of interest at first. As she was about to leave, however, she spotted a lioness that seemed to be looking back at her as if to say, "Take me." Denise picked up the small, fluffy "African" lioness and noticed a name tag. She opened it up, and on it was her name, "Sahara." 

It was then Denise remembered Nan's birthday was in August, and her sign was Leo, the lion. 

"This must be fate," Denise thought to herself. "Sahara will make the perfect gift for Nan," and she smiled and whispered her name..."Sahara." 

When Denise went to check out, she saw a permanent red rose with white baby's breath, and some greenery held together in one of those clear, cylindrical containers. Just a token of remembrance for their first meeting that would last forever.

It was now fifteen minutes before the Arrival, and thus Denise sat on a bench against a wall not far from the two doors through which passengers come and go. Denise didn't want to have any chance of missing Nan come through those doors and see her for the first time.

Each ticking minute seemed to move like grains of sand through an hour glass. Denise was on edge, her eyes looking for the plane to land. Ten A.M. At last, it was time. Soon the "Alaskan Airlines" flight from LAX touched down and taxied to the point where the ladder was rolled out to the door for passengers to deplane. "Eugene Intl. Airport" is a small airport, so it doesn't have the mechanical ON/OFF ramps.

Denise waited and watched. Finally, people began to come through the double doors, and Denise looked for Nan, keeping the image of her photos sharp in her memory.

Her spirit, however, sank and her heart ached when she saw the last passenger walk through the doorway and no Nan. 

Denise got up from her seat and walked over to the large, glass windows overlooking a part of the runways. She strained her neck to look for any other passengers. But none. It was then Denise thought the unthinkable: "What if Nan had changed her mind and decided not to come?" Denise felt a knot form in the pit of her stomach.

Dejectedly, Denise turned around slowly from the window and looked across the room towards a long row of chairs against the wall and was immediately captured by the most beautiful green eyes looking back at her. With those sparkling, green eyes was light, red hair and the prettiest smile she had ever seen.

Both stood transfixed, locked by their eyes as if asking, "Are you the one?" And then Nan mouthed the words, "Are you Denise?"

Denise shook her head and mouthed back, "Yes."

As quickly as these two questions had been asked and answered, they both knew they had found each other. Surprisingly, it was Nan who smiled and walked across the room to face Denise. Because of Denise's height advantage, Nan had to look up at her, so her head was bent back, and without speaking a word, Denise drew Nan into her arms, pressing her breasts against hers, and kissing her there and then in the airport among all the people.

The kiss was passionate, tender, and giving, and even though Nan was caught by surprise, she returned Denise's kiss.

When their lips parted, Denise and Nan looked into one another's eyes, and Denise asked, "Do you remember what I told you I'd do the first time we met?"

Without waiting for a response, Denise answered her own question. "I told you I'd kiss you."

Nan smiled up at Denise and shook her head "Yes."

"I'm so glad you came, Nan. When I didn't see you, I thought you might have changed your mind," said Denise.

"I thought the same thing when I didn't see you, and then I went back out to the plane to get my luggage because I had been so anxious to get to you, I had left my luggage on the cart. I then returned and walked around the stairs and stood along the wall with the row of seats, looking at your back as you were looking out the window and wondering if it were you," responded Nan. Your being tall I thought it must be you Nan smiled.

"Well, the important thing is we both came as promised, and we now have two weeks to get to know one another better and deepen our relationship," said Denise. Taking Nan's right hand into her left and her roll-on luggage into her right, Denise led Nan across the room, saying, "Let's go sit down for a few minutes. I have a few things for you."

Nan followed Denise, and when they came to the very seats underneath the stairwell where Denise had been sitting and waiting, they sat down.

Denise opened up the paper bag, reached into it, and brought out the stuffed lioness Sahara.

"This is for you, Nan," Denise said as she handed Sahara to her. "I wanted to give you something, and since your sign is LEO, I thought Sahara a perfect choice."

Nan broke out into a bright smile as she took her and said, "Thank you, Denise. She is so darling, soft, and cuddly." And she squeezed Sahara to her breasts.

"You're welcome, Nan, and something maybe a little more personal," Denise said as she gave Nan the red rose. "This red rose might be artifical, but it is a lasting memento of our first meeting."

Again Nan thanked Denise as she took the red rose into her hand, and even though she knew the rose was not real, she, nevertheless, brought it up to her nose as if to smell its fragrance.

"Well now, I think we should go to our car, get your luggage stowed away, and get onto the road. What do you think?"

Smiling, Nan answered, "Sounds good to me, Denise."

Denise stood up, offering her hand to Nan that she accepted. Nan felt energy pass between them. Thus, Denise and Nan walked and talked their way through the airport and out to the Parking Area where their silver-grey car was parked. It was still drizzling through a misty, grey haze. Denise opened the passenger door for Nan, helped her in, and shut the door behind her. She then went to the trunk and stowed Nan's suitcase and makeup kit into it, and then went around to the driver's side and got into her seat.
