 My husband, Jacob had to go out of town for a conference in New Hampshire. I couldn't get off work to go with him, so I had to stay behind. He was going to be gone for at least six to ten days. 

The first night, I really missed him. We have a very strong sexual relationship and to be without his dick for more than a day or so was going to be hell! 

That first night, I went to bed at eight o'clock hoping that I would fall asleep quickly and wouldn't feel deprived. Soon after snuggling under the covers, with his pillow between my legs, I found my fingers between my pussy lips playing with my clit and jutting in and out of my cunt.

I brought myself to a satisfying orgasm with just my fingers, but I missed his mouth and his nine-inch prick filling my garden with his seed. I just couldn't make the magic alone. I wished I had some toys, but I got rid of all of those soon after we married. 

Somehow I managed to fall asleep before the sun came up. But the next morning, I awoke with my thumb and forefinger massaging my clit. 

Using my free hand I stroked my middle finger in and out of my wet beaver. I so needed to be relieved as only his thick cock could free me of the sexual stress. 

I climbed out of bed and went to the kitchen with all intensions of fixing myself some breakfast to distract me from the horniness I was feeling.

Opening the refrigerator, I noticed a very long and wide carrot and I thought, 'That may help; at least I could get it deep enough to satisfy me.'

Forgetting about eating, I washed the carrot then returned to the bedroom. My body was unclothed, so I sat on the side of the bed and spread my legs wide then forced the thick end of the vegetable deep into my throbbing box. 

Very slowly, I wedged it in and out of my liquid hole, deeper and deeper until I found that magical spot that drove me wild. 

My breathing became thick and heavy and my legs pulled up close to my body. With my free hand, I pinched my now hardening nipples and wished Jacob was here to suckle them. 

I was so involved with the experience of pleasing myself I was oblivious to anything going on around me. I saw red spots in my eyes and knew it was the passion I was causing by masturbating with the carrot.

Then a sound made me drop my pseudo cock and look around. There stood my best friend and next-door neighbor, Whitney with a smile on her face.

"I see you're missing Jacob!" she smiled.

"How did you guess?" I laughed, embarrassed.

"I shouldn't have thrown all of my toys away when I married him. But I never thought I'd need them again. Now he'll be gone at least two weeks, so I have to take care of myself!"

Tears dripped down my cheeks as I realized how distraught I was at not having my morning sex with Jacob.

"Calm down, sweetheart, I'll help you! I have plenty of toys." Whitney assured me as she turned around and headed back to her house.

Within minutes, she returned with a bag full of dildos, vibrators and other gadgets that I had never seen. 

She sat on the bed and spread my legs wide as she turned on the vibrating dildo. Then she stuck it in her mouth to moisten it, as if I wasn't wet enough, and then she slowly pushed it deep into my wet pussy. I moaned as it slipped effortlessly into my hungry sex hole.

"Oh yeah! That feels almost real! Where did you get that?" I asked as I sat up to watch her force it in and out of my suctioning pussy.

"Wow! You really did need these didn't you? You just pulled it right in there!" 

"I'm insatiable in the mornings!" I whispered and my finger traveled to my clit and started rubbing it as she fucked me with the shivering dick.

Whitney became very quiet; I lay next to her as she licked her lips. Then she rolled over to me and her red lips suckled my hard nipple. She was very sensitive to my needs and I reveled in the pleasure her mouth gave my tits.

She suckled one breast while she massaged the other and she was careful to give equal attention and pleasure to each.

My pussy reacted to her touch as it did to Jacob's. Only she was much more gentle than he and her moves were what my body really wanted. 

Soon, her hand pushed my fingers from my now very wet pussy. Her red lips folded around the erect nub and electricity ran down my legs. 

She pulled out the vibrating cock and tossed it to the side. She had begun stroking her own clit. The she opened my legs wider, licked at my cunt and nibbled my clit. Electricity shot through my body.

Her long nailed finger slid effortlessly between the lips of my well-lubricated clam and the vacuum sucked her deeper into my love canal. 

"Oh yeah, you know what to do... Do it to me!" I whined.

Her fingers slipped in and out faster and faster as her lips and tongue played with my clit and my back arched off the now wet bed sheets. I moaned with a pleasure that I had never experienced with Jacob.

"That's it fuck me good baby!" I cried before I knew what I was saying. 

My eyes were closed because that's what Jacob liked. He wanted to use me any way that he could and he didn't want me to protest. So I always closed my eyes when we were together.

"Look at me sweetie, I want you to enjoy my body as I do yours," Whitney whispered.

Slowly, I opened my eyes and saw that she had stripped to the buff as well. Around her waist was a belt that held a dong, which was bouncing up and down. 

I had never seen a dick as large as that piece of rubber held between her legs on an adjustable strap.

"You're bigger than Jacob!" I squealed. I'm not sure I can take all of that!" I giggled nervously and my voice squeaked like a mouse.

"Now, I'm going to fuck you like no man has ever fucked you and none ever will," she assured me. "That's because none of them ever take the time to ask what we really want. All they want is to get their own pleasure," she cried defiantly. Then she slid down on the bed and licked my already too wet pussy with her tongue.

A chill ran through my body as her wet tongue darted in and out of my pool of pleasure. My hands involuntarily pressed her face deeper and deeper into my cunt as my hips pressed tight to her head.

She moaned loudly as she licked and sucked my pussy and I purred with pleasure. 

"Oh wow, I've never felt this way with Jacob," I whispered hoping she didn't hear me.

"And you never will, sweetie. Men don't know how to touch us the way we want to be touched. The only thing they're good for is to give us the babies we want!" her anger was coming out.

I loved Jacob and couldn't agree with her. But I let he rant and rave because she was certainly fucking and sucking me better than Jacob ever had.

She slid up my to my tummy and licked my belly button and I was surprised how much that turned me on. My legs locked around her neck, holding her there until they began to shake with excitement.

Whitney had managed to push two long fingers back into my cunt along with the long dong. As she turned it on, it vibrated so violently that my body shook with an excitement it had never felt. Not even from the toys that I used years ago.

She found my pleasure spot and massaged it like an expert. She lifted her head and smiled. "I know you love this!"

All I could do was look at her with lust in my eyes. I sat up and pushed her over. The dong between her legs stood tall and I balanced over it. My cunt was so wet the liquid was running down my legs.

I slipped the vibrator out of her pussy. Slowly, I spread my smooth lips apart and slid the dong deeper in my horny pussy. 

My fingers pinched my throbbing clit and my knees pressed my body up and down on the rubber prick. It was rough getting it deep in me because it was thicker than Jacob. I could feel it forcing its way deep in my cunt.

Whitney forced me back onto my back and took the cock into her skilled hands. She slowly pushed it in as deeply as she could get it. Then she sucked my clit and rocked the prick in and out of my aching cunt very slowly.

"Oh yeah baby, fuck me good!" I cried as I slid up and down faster and faster. 

"Yeah, you know what I want to give you! Keep coming baby and you'll get what you want! Don't be surprised when it happens because it's close!"

She continued to push the rubber cock in and out. Then, all of the sudden, I felt a warm spray cover my legs. I was so shocked I didn't know what was happening. 

I looked around to see what had sprung a leak, and what I saw was her spraying. I had heard about women who did that but never had I experienced that phenomenon in my entire life. But it really turned me on.

I lay before her spewing cunt and lapped at the fluids, not too salty, and a little sweet. It ran down my chin and onto my tits. Whitney matched her tits to mine and we used the fluids to rub them together.

Her tongue darted in my mouth and mine slipped into her's. We kissed and she threw me back onto the bed as she humped me further. The excitement of her humping me made me cum multiple times. Rolling off me, she turned me onto my stomach. She gently pulled my hips off the bed and then with her long fingers, she spread my cheeks and squirted some cool lubricant onto my ass. It ran down my legs and I caught a shiver.

Then she spread my cheeks apart and with the long dong, forced her way deep in my ass. At first, it burned and I cried out. "Please don't hurt me!"

"I won't baby, I'm not a brute!" And she very slowly and methodically fucked my ass for a very long time. With each downward thrust, she pinched my hard nipples with one hand then rubbed my clit with the other. 

My knees trembled and I fell flat on the bed. Her fingers still jetted in and out of my cunt and the dong assailed my butt. But I felt only passion and pleasure.

When she finally released me, I lay there listless and shaking. Finally, I opened my eyes. Her nude body was awash in sweat.

Licking my lips, I sat up and started bathing her with my mouth. I reveled in the salty taste of her skin. Nervously, I ventured to slip my tongue into the wide hole that was her pussy. It was also very salty. But the pungent smell of her sex drove me wild.

My lips traced the hairline up to her navel and I lingered there for a while tasting her skin and wanting to suckle her as she had me.

Slowly, I let my fingers travel up just enough to touch the bottom of her heavy bust. She caught hold of my hand and led it to the hard nipples that begged to be suckled.

I slid my mouth over her thick areola, its hard nipple begging me. I felt like a baby searching for its mother's milk. I became savage, licking sucking, nibbling. 

Whitney moaned with pleasure as my mouth tried to suck all of her fullness into it. But alas, she was more than my mouth could hold. I drank in all that I could. She pressed me harder and harder to her breast.

Finally, I succeeded in receiving one full tit into my mouth and she moaned like a lost kitten searching for its mother. Tears fell from my eyes. But my cunt filled with fluids.

I rolled her over and licked her from the top of her ass to her neck. Then I released the dong from her body and secured it to mine. 

Rolling her over, the tears fell from her eyes. "I love you, you know?" she whispered. "I always have!"

I kissed her wet face and my tongue jutted in and out of her mouth as we kissed. I forced my hand between our wet bodies and finally found her hard clit. When I touched it she cried out... "Oh Yes, Do it to me. Make me come... Suck my clit. Oh gaud yeah, I need this so badly!"

I bent over her open legs and my tongue touched her erect clit. The instant they collided a shiver ran down my spine and up Whitney's. It felt like a shock wave to me. She simply smiled and sighed, "Oh yeah!"

She slipped down on the bed and pushed her ass up in the air the then rolled over and said, "Fuck me in my ass! I love it that way!"

I ran my hand along the length of the rubber cock. Then thought, 'It feels real.' 

It was as smooth as Jacobs and I could even feel the veins just under the surface. Its head was thick and acorn shaped and the hole was there; I could stick my finger in it.

I aligned the arrowed head for the target on Whitney's butt. It was pink and round. Supporting myself on her butt, I slowly pressed the tip of the rubber dick into the target and as it slid deeper into her ass, she moaned.

"Yeah, that's the way I like it. Only I want it deeper and harder. Much harder!" she cried.

I pulled back, the slammed the long, wide dick deep into her ass. I was sure that I had hurt her but she only moaned and said, "Yeah, you know how I like it! Fuck me good!

Her hand went between her legs and I knew she was masturbating her clit as I shoved the dong in and out of her pretty little ass. 

"Slap it! Slap me hard! You know I like it that way," she cried out as I quickened my lunges toward her pretty ass and added a hard slap with each inward movement.

"That's it yeah! Yeah! Do it good baby; show me what a bad girl I am! Punish me; make me beg! Please fuck me good!"

I reached around her pretty body and found her clit with my other hand. As I slapped her butt and pushed the dong in and out of her cunt I massage her hard clit with each thrust. With each pinch she sighed, "I knew you could give me what no one else could. I've known always!"

Suddenly, she sat up and turned toward me. She ripped the dong off me and her mouth covered my soaked pussy. Whitney lapped at my juices and her tongue again darted in and out of my pussy.

Again I buried her face in my wetness and held her there. 

For relief, she pushed her long finger up my ass and fucked my ass deep inside. Time was passing faster than either of us realized. The sun had gone down when finally we fell, wasted and exhausted on the wet sheets of the bed. 

When I was able to move and speak, I asked, "Do you think Carlton is wondering where you've been all day?"

"I don't give a fuck!" she cried out in rebellion. "He has never made me feel this way. Hell, no other woman has made me feel this good. Suck me again; just one more time," she begged.

I spread her limp, wet legs apart, ran a finger between her red lips and stuck my tongue deep into the pool of liquid there. She pressed the back of my head to keep me where she wanted me. 

Then I felt her lean over my body and her tongue slipped between my lips. A shiver ran up my spine. We licked and sucked one another for a while longer. I had never felt so fulfilled in my life. 

When finally dusk filled the room, we rolled off the wet sheets and crawled into the hot shower. 

As the hot water soothed our electric bodies, we lathered one another, kissed and caressed and became lost in one another once again. We never heard the sound of the shower door being opened when Carlton came looking for his wife.