 Cassie lowered her eyes and turned her head towards the row of pastel coloured bras and knickers that hung on frail hangers. I had suggested we deplete our monthly allowances on brightening up our stock of underwear and clothes. She agreed and my little plan had already passed the first hurdle. Of course, with nearly everything I suggest there is always an underlying reason and us being in the lingerie section of the department store will no doubt confirm my suspicions that her odd behaviour of late will give me the answers I've been looking for.

Cassie is a very feminine woman, 5ft 3" without her heels. She has the perfect hourglass figure, which when dressed in fitted clothes looks like she was born into them. She has a very softly spoken voice and when making love she only whimpers her pleasure, but the way her pussy quivers on my mouth and fingers tells me she is experiencing an intense orgasm. In the midst of summer she likes to wear flowing summer dresses with thin straps on the shoulders showing off her sculpted arms from hours each week kickboxing and taking part in aerobics at the gym. Her nature is that of soft, sensual, demure and elegance. She likes romance, cuddles and the intimacy of feeling at one with her lovers. I tell her quite often that she needs to be brought out of her shell a little as I believe that under that soft exterior is a wild cat waiting to be set free. 

The last few days she has appeared to be not her usual self. I had caught her countless times staring at my tits, just like I had done a couple of minutes ago, hence why she turned away from me, slightly blushing after our eyes connected. It's not like she hasn't seen them before but just lately she appears to be making a pleasant habit out of it. It probably doesn't help her cause when I walk around topless in my flat or wear blouses unbuttoned to my cleavage. When I am near her I always play with the edge of my blouse and sometimes pull it open slightly so that she gets to see my full bosomed tits encased in pink or black lace. I have caught her many times with her emerald eyes staring obscenely at them and each time I catch her out, I am rewarded with her blushes.

Right now I am standing quite far away from her. My eyes occasionally drifting from the underwear in my hands, to where Cassie is standing. I casually hold up a mint-green satin two-piece underwear set. I look straight at her and raise my voice. "Hey baby, would you like me in this later?" I was again rewarded with her adorable blushing and a look that said "get me out of here." I giggled and replaced the set on the hanger and began to look at the camisoles and French knickers. I glanced over at Cassie as she raised her arm. She was holding up a deep red satin bra. She brought her other hand up and lightly touched the material on the oversized cups. Even from where I was standing I knew her tits wouldn't fill those cups. I smiled from afar as her fingertips caressed the outside of the curve and traced the underside of the bra. She was totally unaware of what she was doing. Her tongue edged out of her mouth and she moistened her lips then bit on her lower lip. 

I crept up behind her and ran my fingers over her arse. She jumped at the contact, bringing her abruptly from her thoughts. I leant into her ear and whispered. "You would look great in that or were you thinking of someone else fitting into those mammoth cups?" My tits were larger than Cassie's. Whereas hers were a good handful, a C cup, mine were a whopping F cup. Cassie now whimpered as my hard nipples protruded through my thin blouse and rubbed against her back. "Are these what you are thinking about... my gorgeous tits?" She didn't answer me, but I knew what she was thinking. 

My fingers slipped underneath her dress and slowly moved upwards on her outer thigh. I felt her trembling as my fingers followed the outline of her knickers as they curved down between her thighs. Her breathing had changed dramatically. It was heavy and quickening as my finger circled her mound. The heat emanated from her. My finger crept underneath her knickers and through her soft trimmed bush and into her moistening slit. "Jesus Cassie, what have you been thinking about?" Her head lowered and I could see shoppers passing the window, unaware of what was taking place. If only they stopped and looked! "Shall I lift your dress up and show them what we're doing?"

Suddenly she lifted her head. "Oh god no, you can't, you won't!" I began to toy with her clit and giggle in her ear. Her knees were trembling and I could feel her soft skin tingling with anticipation. "Shit baby, not here... please!" At once I took my finger away and heard a disgruntled whimper escape from her lips.

"Ok, if that's what you want! But I still haven't finished looking around so you will have to keep that pussy nice and wet until we get home, won't you?" I backed away from her grinning and headed towards the sales assistant as a plan formed in my over active mind. The sales assistant was a young athletic woman, most probably in her late teens and I requested her assistance. While having a quiet word with her I also carefully placed a £20 note in her palm. "Cassie baby, can you come over here a minute? This young lady is going to measure me!" 

Cassie walked over and stood in front of the sales assistant and myself. I stood looking at Cassie as I unbuttoned my blouse from the bottom upwards then hung it over a rail full of teasingly sexy lace boxer shorts. I was now standing in the shop in my knee-high denim skirt and my black lace bra. I unclipped the front fastener of my bra and slowly peeled it away, tracing my fingers over my heavy orbs as my bra opened up, showing Cassie my gorgeous tits. I saw Cassie's eyes take in the sight before her. Again her tongue edged out and she slowly licked her lips. Her skin above her cleavage became flushed as I placed the young woman's hands on my tits. She then took my nipples between her fingers and thumbs and began squeezing them causing me to moan while looking directly at Cassie. 

I noticed Cassie had crossed her legs and was no doubt pressing her thighs together, attempting to quench her desire. Cassie's eyes dropped from mine and now stared intensely at my tits getting groped by the teenager. The young woman's hands kneaded and fondled my tits like an expert. Her fingers flicked over my hard nipples as I brought my finger to my mouth, licking it seductively in front of Cassie then brushing it over one nipple then the other.

All I kept thinking was that Cassie would soon lose her soft natured exterior and become the wild cat that is most definitely inside her. I could see the change already, the pinnacle being when she was holding up the bra. Of course the last few days that I have been teasing her with my exhibitionism have also brought us to where we are now. 

The young woman's hand now caressed the outline of my tits. She delicately ran her fingers down my sides and across my stomach. Her fingertips edged just inside the top of my skirt and flirted dangerously near the top of my black g-string. I arched my back, enjoying the gentle touches from the teenager, all the while keeping my eyes firmly locked onto Cassie's.

In between Cassie's stifled breaths I heard her soft voice. "Stop this now!" She walked towards me and grabbed my blouse from the rail. "Get this on, we're going!" I took the young woman's hands off me and whispered my appreciation and handed her another £10. I smiled at Cassie and fastened my bra, confining my huge tits then quickly buttoned up my blouse. 

"What's up baby, didn't you like the show?" I couldn't help but tease her. Her eyes had a sparkle in them that I'd never seen before. She was consumed in lust and was now behaving like she was possessed. I had never seen her exude so much sexiness. She grabbed me by the arm and pulled me out of the shop.

"Fuck the show, fuck the shopping, we're going home!" She continued to pull me along the high street. The sound from her heels echoed through the alleyway that led to the car park. She briskly walked as I followed closely behind, gazing at her rounded arse swaying left and right. She quickly located my car and I stopped by the driver's side and reached for my keys that were in my bag. "Give me the keys, I'm driving us home!" I protested at her suggestion, to me she was in no fit state to drive. "And don't give me that look either, give me the damn keys!" I fumbled in my bag and handed her the keys. She tugged on my arm and pulled me to the passenger side and unlocked the door. "Get in!" I was taken aback by her sudden forcefulness and began to wonder if I had maybe pushed her a little too far. 

I got in the passenger side and saw her frantically trying to get the key in the door on her side. I reached over and lifted the button on the inside of the door and opened it up for her. She didn't say a word as she started the car. I looked at her with a smile on my face and watched the lust in her eyes intensify as she stared straight at me. 

"Get your shirt off!" She ordered.

I was shocked at her boldness and after being speechless for a second or two, I replied. "No way. We're outside!"

"I don't give a shit, take it off!" I had a moment of slight hesitation then I saw her arm come over and her fingers slipped into the gap between the buttons of my blouse and with one forceful tug she ripped my blouse open causing buttons to fly off in every direction. "That's better, I can see them now!" She smiled with that glint in her eye.

I sat there chuckling, wondering what the hell had got into her. "Is that what all this weird behaviour has been about lately? My tits!" 

She looked at me with that look of deep lust and desire. "Take the shirt right off or am I gonna have to rip it completely off you?" I did as she requested, realising that my little game had backfired on me a little. I bunched my blouse in my hand and threw it on the back seat. She took one look at my heaving tits and we were on our way. 

I sat there silently for a few minutes, watching her intently, viewing a change in her that she didn't know she possessed and even shocking me in the process. Just how far could I push her? 

She broke the silence. "It's your fault I am acting this way and what the fuck was all that about back there in that shop?"

I couldn't give her an answer. I had no explanation. One thing led to another. "I don't know what happened, but what I do know is that you've become tit possessed!"

"Maybe I have, but what do you expect. You've been parading around with them sticking out, bouncing and jiggling. Sometimes in just your bra, other times completely topless and god when you wear your black satin shirt unbuttoned, how the hell can I not look!" I could see her breathing faltering and her eye contact with the road was becoming less. I reached for the steering wheel, aligning us back up within the lines. "You're a fucking teasing bitch and fuck I want your tits... Now take the fucking bra off!" 

This time without hesitation I unfastened my bra and slipped it off my shoulders. I hadn't heard her use expletives before in this way and again began to think I had got more than I bargained for. I held the bra in my hand and presented it to Cassie. I grinned as I rubbed the black lace on her nose and over her mouth. The car swerved slightly as she closed her eyes for a second as she felt the material glide over her lips. She started to kiss and lick my bra and inhaled my scent on it. As I edged the lace into her mouth I could feel her boldness dissipating and she began to melt as I fingered my bra into her inviting mouth and over her full lips. I spoke softly to her. "You like that? You like having my bra in your mouth?" She moaned and nodded her head. "Can you smell me?" I rubbed my bra over her nose. "This has been up close and personal with my tits all day... you like that thought baby?" 

By now we had somehow safely and miraculously got to my road and I could see my driveway getting ever closer. I removed my bra from her succulent lips and within seconds she had pulled up on the road outside my house. "Why aren't you in the driveway?" I questioned as I reached for my blouse still bunched up on the back seat. 

Cassie regained her composure. "You are gonna walk from here to the door and don't you dare put that shirt on!" 

"You are fucking joking right?" I looked at her in shock. "You can't make me do that, what if someone sees me?" 

"I don't care. You love showing them off, it shouldn't be a problem!" She gave me a cocky grin as she got out the car and made her way to my door and opened it fully. "Now, when I reach the front door and turn around then you walk to me ok? I want to see those sexy tits bounce as you walk. Understand?"

I nodded my answer and watched her walk up the path to the front door. I swear she was swaying that cute arse more than usual. I couldn't help but grin at how much she had changed. It's unbelievable. Cassie finally reached the front door and turned to face me. She smiled and I got out the car, sheepishly looking around to see if any of the neighbours were out. The cool breeze hit my sensitive nipples as I began to walk towards her. My tits bounced freely and I felt Cassie's stare burn right through me sending pangs of desire to my moist pussy. I breathed a sigh of relief when I finally reached her standing in the doorway. 

She cupped my face in her palms and pulled me into her. Her full pink lips met mine and she kissed me like never before on the doorstep to my house. She nibbled on my bottom lip and licked it from side to side. The feel of her moist velvet tongue on my lips felt like silk skimming along them. I moaned as she left my lips and turned slightly to open the front door. She took hold of my wrist and pulled me up the stairs and headed for the bedroom.

Once inside she slammed the door and pinned me up against the wall. Her needy mouth latched onto one of my erect nipples and she lavishly sucked and licked on it. She then took turns in devouring them, flicking them repeatedly with the tip of her tongue. I could feel my knees begin to weaken as her caresses began to work their magic. Tiny bursts of electricity sporadically worked their way down my stomach, heading for my pussy. She cupped my huge mounds, groped, kneaded and pinched them. Her eager mouth bit into them causing me to yelp. She moaned as her mouth ravished every inch of my abundant flesh. Her palms pushed my tits into my chest causing them to spill outwards and her tongue closely followed, licking the outer curve and the underside of my tits. Her hair tickled the delicate skin of my armpit as she licked and fondled my slightly blemished tits.

I loved the attention that she was giving them and I felt my pussy juices oozing through my g-string and moistening my inner thighs. I lowered one arm from the wall and placed it on the back of her head. Even though I loved her taking me like this I was usually the dominant one and I could feel my control slowly slipping away from me and sooner rather than later I would lose it completely and waste this chance of Cassie revealing her true inner slut to me. I began to regain my dominance. I bunched her hair in my hand and gently pulled her head back.

I smiled at her as I took in the dishevelled state her smudged lipstick had made as it sat above and below her lips. She even had it on her cheeks from where she had devoured my tits and rubbed her face in earnest on them while she licked fervently into my deep cleavage. Her breathing was heavy and sporadic and I doubt if she could string a coherent sentence together at this point. She stabilised herself by placing her palms on the wall either side of my tits. I felt her breath on my face as I tilted her head back.

"Look at you baby, you're behaving like a slut!" I smiled at her, not wanting to make her feel awkward or ashamed. Her face and chest flushed immediately. "Its ok to play this way. Do you like the way you feel right now?" She whimpered and nodded her head. "Is your pussy wet, can you feel it soaking those innocent white knickers that you're wearing?" Again she nodded. She swallowed hard, trying to catch her breath. My own pussy was quivering like never before. "Do you know how much of a turn on you are?" She shook her head slowly as I slid my hand into the waist of my skirt and dipped my finger into my copious juices. I moaned as my finger kissed my clit as it travelled into my pool of hot wet juices. 

I withdrew my finger from my pussy and rubbed the wet fingertip along Cassie's lips. "This is how much of a turn on you are!" She parted her lips and reluctantly sucked on my finger. I began to fuck her mouth with it and soon she began to suck on it, twisting and twirling her tongue around it. "Now you know how hot you make me when you act this way!" She groaned as I took my finger from her mouth and placed it onto my lips where I licked and sucked on it. Her eyes were on fire with a lustful and crazy desire. "What do you want baby?"

"You... I want you! I want your tits!" She suddenly groped my tits again and spread them apart and buried herself in the valley between. In between moans of pure wanton lust I heard her request. "Let me fuck them. I must fuck your tits!"

My hands were now on her back, pulling her deeper into my cleavage. I loved it that she was biting me, gentle pinching nibbles in between long and passionate kisses. I took the top of her dress in my hand and with one hefty tug I ripped her dress in two, tearing it straight down the middle. The thin straps untidily sat on her shoulders and I wildly stripped them off her arms as the torn material dropped to the floor. I looked down and she was now only in a matching bra and knickers set and her high heels. I couldn't help but think of her making love to me, dressed only in her heels. The thought sends waves of want and need to my pussy. 

I asked her to stand and I ran my finger over her tits. It circled her belly button and edged lower to her white knickers. My palm slid over her mound and the heat radiated from her pussy through her knickers. She jolted when my two fingers began to circle her protruding clit. I could feel it through the fabric. I pressed a little harder, her juices oozing through, coating my fingers. She gasped as my fingers kept their dance on her clit. She moved back and forth. "Ohh god, I want to cum..." I knew if I kept going she would cum within a minute so I withdrew my fingers and edged her knickers down her thighs. She wiggled her hips and they dropped to the floor. Breathlessly she pleaded with me. "Please, no more teasing, I can't handle it!"

I knew I had her at the point of no return. My sweet soft natured girlfriend had now transformed into a needy slut... a tit whore... my tit whore! "Tell me what you are and I might give you want you want!"

"I'm a slut!" She exclaimed.

"Not just any slut. You're my slutty tit whore, aren't you?" I saw her face redden. "It's ok to admit you are baby... I think it suits you!" I kissed her on the cheek and spoke softly in her ear. "Tell me what you are?" I pulled away and stared deeply into her eyes, waiting for her to admit what she was.

Hesitantly the words slipped out, "I'm your slutty tit whore!"

On hearing her admission I dragged her to the bed. I lied down on the soft blankets with my head near the frame of the bed. "On top... NOW!" She looked a little confused at my request. I pointed at my tits. "You want to fuck them yeah?" She nodded her answer although she still looked a little perplexed. "Straddle me baby... I'll give you what you want!"

She moved on top of me, straddling my tits. Her arousal was intoxicating, the scent of her wafted into my senses, consuming me within. I saw her juices glistening on her pussy lips and on her thighs. I looked above and saw her sitting so beautifully on top of me. Her own tits were heaving and they had never looked more beautiful than what they do now. Her left knee at the side of my right tit and her right leg extended out to the other side of me. She placed her hands on the frame of the bed and lifted herself above my right tit. 
