 It's a bright and sunny day as I stand by the window overlooking the meadow. It's filled with so much life. I can imagine all the little creatures running abouts here and there. Maybe the only thing on their minds are finding where their next meal will be. I guess there's a bigger worry and that is to stay alive...well. 

For me it's not so much worrying about life. I get by and I do have my ups and downs just like any other person. But I am in a phase and I have an ache in my heart. One that is so big and overwhelming at times. I long for someone so dear to me. We would share many laughters, talks and even cried together. There were lots of disagreements between us, but in the end we always found mutual solutions. For the times we agreed on things, life was sweet. So many issues were debated and taken apart until there was an understanding. Many times we would dress each other up and would model for our entertainment. Those times were hilarious and sexy. Most of all, we were there for each other. She was my best friend, my confidant and my lover. And I do miss her so much. It's been six months since the car accident. That day I will never forget. Then the funeral, that was so unbearable. I had willed myself to be strong just to make it through the process. Loosing someone who was always by your side is like dying a slow and painful death inside. They say time will heal a broken heart...are they for real?

Now I stand here all alone without her. Sometimes I can smell her scent, still fresh. How at times in bed I reached out for her. Many tears were shed as I cried myself to sleep every night. It's a wonder how I don't die of a broken heart. So strong on the outside but yet all shattered to pieces on the inside. Tomorrow would have been our 10th anniversary together...

My such a bittersweet time it will be for me. I'm sure I will survive and the least I can feel is a burning sting in my heart. Oh, my dear heart...please be strong for me.

Moving on:

The next day has arrived for one lone survivor. It was raining since last night and only a sprinkle left. Opening her eyes and focusing on her surroundings, Lori felt nauseated. Running to the bathroom while clutching at her heart, she dropped to the floor. The pain, the burning sting of what today should have brought was so great to bear. Leaning forward as she let out all her anger and thoughts of betrayal. With a deep moan she let out a piercing scream..."Why, Why!" was all she could muster from her lips. It seemed as if time had stood still as she sat there on the floor frozen.

The sun rays has now penetrated through the window and onto her. From nowhere she felt a warmth full of love engulfing her. Then a whisper of soothing tenderness caressed her ears. There was a feel of soft lips upon her delicate skin that sent her into a high. Kisses upon kisses she felt throughout her body. With her eyes now closed she gasped as she felt a soft kiss on her breast. The sensation was all too much and she started to moan. So warm to the touch as she begged for more, not wanting it to end. Now the kisses continued upward towards her neck and it sent chills down her spine. She was now on her knees with her back arched and felt the wetness of lips upon her lips. Embracing the moment she gave into the unknown pleasures. Lips opening and accepting as tears ran down her cheeks. For that moment it was as if she lost all sense of time. Suddenly, she felt arms wrapped around her tightly. 

The hold was so familiar and she knew that it was her love Kalie. Knowing this with all her heart, she still could not bring herself to open her eyes. Desperately, she prayed for this moment to last. Despite what she wanted, there was a sense of seperation. More like it was a final goodbye. There was a gentle pull and as much as she wanted to hold on...she knew it was time to say "farewell". She let out a low cry and said "please don't go my love". But deep down inside she truly knew that this was the final act. She had to let go and release the hold, not only for her sake but also for Kalie. One last kiss on her cheeks and the embrace weakened until she can no longer feel a presence. Kalie came to acknowledge this special day and to let Lori know that she needs to move on with her life. Now, she was all alone once more. Yes, a bitter sweet reunion and one to remember for some time.

Nine months later:

Finishing her morning run just outside of town Lori rested atop one of the boulders that were scattered throughout the trail. Slowing her breathing down she scanned the area around her. She was the only one there until she spotted a figure coming her way. It was a woman and she didn't recognized her. Turning her head away she noticed the time and started to climb down and make way towards her car. 

Just as she was getting into her car a friendly voice called out "Hello". Turning around it was the woman she saw in the distance. She had the most beautiful smile and the brightest blue eyes. It almost melted her heart and somehow she was stuck in a trance. 

"Well, hello there again"...the voice said.

Snapping out of the daze, she felt all blushed. "Hello to you too" she finally managed to say.

"Come her very often?" the woman asked. "By the way my name is Kacie" 

"I'm fairly new to this trail run" Lori told her. "What about you, do you come her often?"

"Once in a while, I take turns here and at the gym in town"

"I have to tell you that you have the loveliest smile and killer blue eyes"...Lori said with a childish grin. Just then something in her began to come alive. It's been over a year and she was yearning for companionship with another woman. Something was awakening and stirring inside of her.

"If you aren't busy we can have lunch later if you like"...Kacie said as she looked deeply into Lori's eyes.

"Yes, I would like that very much"...replied Lori as she was reaching for something to write her number on.

With a smile she handed Kacie a small paper with her name and phone number. Just then Kacie reached out and took the paper and gently slid her hand over Lori's hand. Lori felt a tingling sensation throughout her body and it did show. Kacie only smiled and pulled her hand back with the information she needed. She did this without taking her eyes away from Lori. Sliding the little paper into her pocket she asked "Where would you like to go for lunch?"

"Anywhere is fine with me. Maybe you can surprise me" 

"Maybe I will surprise you afterall". With this said, Kacie felt an attraction to this brown eyed beauty.

Right then, they locked eyes onto each other. It must have been several minutes before a car pulled up right beside them and broke their lock.

Kacie cleared her throat and felt a shiver run down her spin. She stepped back so Lori can close her door and settle in for her drive.

:"Well, I'll see you real soon" Kacie told her. Once Lori made her way she started towards her car. She had plans to make.

Lori hadn't felt like this for a very long time. She missed the tender touch of another woman. It's been over a year now and she's been feeling to connect with someone again. What she and Kalie had was beautiful and it was one of the best relationship she ever experienced. But it's time to move on and feel love once again. She looked forward to lunch with Kacie.

The phone rang just as she climbed out of the showers. Grabbing a towel she hurried to answer the phone. 

"Hello Lori" the voice said on the other side.

"Hi Kacie" replied Lori as she held on to her towel.

"I just wanted to know your address so I can pick you up"

"Oh, yes...that would be a good idea" with this Lori started reciting her address out.

"Great, I'll see you in one hour. Would that be okay with you?"

"Yes, that would be perfect. I'll see you then"

"Okay, see you in one hour Lori".

One hour later there was a knock at the door. Lori opened the door and with a big smile she asked Kacie to come in. "Let me get my purse in my room okay". Within minutes they were soon on the road. 

"So tell me Kacie, did you find your way to my address without any trouble? Lori asked.

"No problem at all...my friend GPS helped me out" Kacie said laughing. "I've been depending on it to find my way around here".

It then clicked on Lori's mind that she was new to this location. "You must be new here and that's why I haven't seen you around before"

"Well, I just moved here last month from back east", Kacie replied as she turned into the parking lot. "I hope you like Chinese".

"I love Chinese food" she told Kacie.

Walking in they were greeted and was lead to a booth. She and Kalie would frequent Chinese cuisine whenever they had a chance. It was also the first restaurant the two had shared their first meal. The waiter handed them the menus and gave them a minute to decide what to order.

"I think I'll have the sweet and sour chicken" Kacie finally said. "And a side order of California sushi rolls"

Lori looked up at Kacie upon hearing her request. This was exactly the same order that Kalie loved to have. Lori then said "Would you like Sprite with a lemon wedge to go with that order?"

"Why, yes I do. That is what I like to have with Chinese food. How did you know?"

"Oh, I just had a deep feeling about it. Besides they do go well together don't they?" 

A sudden rush of heat made it's way up around her face. Kacie noticed and asked if she was okay. Lori suddenly excused herself and headed to the bathroom. Minutes later she was apologizing for her abrupt departure.

"Are you sure that you're okay? Is there anything wrong?" clearly Kacie was concerned.

"Oh, it's nothing really. Here, I'm ready to order". Just then the waiter appeared and took their orders.

"Tell me Lori, do I remind you of someone? When I told you what I wanted to order, you seemed surprised. And I was surprised when you suggested my drink which was right on the mark. Pretty incredible don't you think?"

"I've only known you half a day and it feels like I have known you for a long time. I feel very comfortable with you and the fact that I'm sitting here having lunch with you is proof." She took a sip of water and continued. "I was in a long term relationship with this wonderful and amazing woman. She was everything I wanted in a lover. She was taken from me in a car accident a little over a year ago"

"I'm so sorry to hear that Lori. It must have devastated you tremendously"

"We almost made it for our 10th anniversary. Isn't that something?". Lori almost had to laugh but smiled instead. "When you ordered, it was exactly the same way she would have had it. That brought memories back to me".

"I hope it's not an inconvenience for you. We don't have to go anywhere that would make you feel uncomfortable. I really like you a lot and I want to know you better. That's if you would like that Lori"

"I like that more than anything right now. Maybe it was our destiny to meet earlier".

"I'm so happy to hear that and yes, I do also believe that we were destined to meet" Kacie said with a sparkle in her eyes.

Lori noticed this and couldn't help but stare into those deep blue eyes. Seconds later their food came and they enjoyed their lunch.

With tummies filled Kacie handed the waiter her card. 

"I know we're on the road to know one another, but I need to ask something. Do you have anyone special in your life? I just don't want to be devastated again. I don't think that I can stand the repeated pain. It's not to be compared with what happened with Kalie, but still I don't want to be hurt".

"I promise you Lori, I have no other in my life. I am only interested in you" Kacie told her with a promised look.

With this said, they thanked the waiter for a great service and headed outside.

Something came alive in Lori, like an awakening and she felt refreshed. She had a good feeling about Kacie. She also knew that it was about time to emmerse herself into the compaionship of another...and maybe even more.

They found themselves on the Boardwalk. It was a lovely and sunny day and Kacie thought it would be nice to have a walk together. Lori hadn't been to this location for ages and she was enjoying herself without reservations. They stopped at a little ice-cream stand and got single scoops of their favorite flavors. Kacie preferred chocolate and Lori loved vanilla. 

They headed to the stretch of the walk that was above the water. Turning to Kacie, Lori said "I'm really enjoying my time with you. It's been a while since I've felt this good".

"I'm glad to hear that and I'm also enjoying myself with you" Kaie said in return.

They looked into each other's eyes and knew something very special was happening between them. 

From a distance someone yelled "Check out the sunset!" This had them turning just in time to catch the first glimpse of the sun setting. There were brillant colors of yellow, orange and red. It was a beautiful sight and Lori let out a sigh. With this as a cue, Kacie slid behind Lori and wrapped her arms around her waist and held her tight. Lori caressed Kacie's hands as they continued to watch the glow of the sun as it made it's way out. This was a perfect end to a wonderful evening thought Lori. 

With this she replayed the start of the day, from the time she met Kacie to this moment. She wished that it wouldn't end so soon this night. Just then Kacie turned her around and they were facing each other. Their eyes met and Kacie held out a hand and started to caress Lori's cheek. It was a tender touch and Lori melted into her hands. Kacie pulled Lori towards her until their lips touched. Lori parted her lips to accept Kacie as they held tightly. It's been so long...so long and Lori was into the moment. 

After a few minutes they pulled apart and looked deeply into one another's eyes. Their feelings were intense and both felt a strong attraction to each other. 

"Why don't we go to your place Lori, if you're up to it" Kacie suggested.

"I would love that very much" she responded as she still held on to her. 

They started to make way for the parking area and once inside the car they sneaked in another kiss. Lori felt as if she was floating on clouds and she didn't want to come back down just yet. She welcomed what was to come.

The car came to a stop in front of Lori's house. Kacie walked behind Lori as they headed to the front door. Reaching for the keys in her pocket Lori let out a soft moan as she felt Kacie's hands wrapped around her waist from behind. Nestling up close against Lori's neck, Kacie took in her fragrant. Her scent capitvated her and she tighten her hold more. Feelings were stirring and they needed to get inside quickly. By now, Lori was breathing hard as she tried to get the key into the lock and nervously dropped it on the ground.

"I can't get the key in right!" she almost shouted as she bent down to pick up the key.

Just then Kacie took key and unlocked the door. Lori could feel a blush settle on her face and Kacie only smiled at her reaction.

Inside Lori was up against the door as she felt Kacie's body on hers. Their lips were locked and hands were exploring. Kisses were gentle at first but then the flame of desire was great and exploded into lust. They melted together and a surge of pure electricity ignited within them. Kacie's hands caressed Lori's breasts and she let out a soft scream. Squeezing them so gently and lovingly. Making her way down kissing her neck and moving her hands to her thighs. Lori was getting so aroused. 

Just then Kacie began kissing her way to Lori's cleavage and started to undo her buttons. Opening her blouse she unfastened her bra and held Lori's breasts with both hands. Her nipples were hard and she put one in her mouth and sucked on it gently. This made Lori moan and she pulled Kacie's right leg up to her crotch and she was grinding against it. She had her arms around Kacie as she continued to suck on her nipples. Lori then took Kacie's right hand and slowly lead it down to her crotch area. Kacie could feel the heat coming from inside as she was rubbing Lori's crotch. Lori arched her back as she felt a wave of ecstacy engulfed her and she grinded up against Kacie's hand. 

Kacie made her way up to unfastened the zipper of her pants. She slid her hand inside and caressed her mound before inching her way down to her treasure. Lori then pulled Kacie from her breast and began kissing her. Kacie's hands moved further down until she felt the moist folds of Lori's pussy. It was drenched with love juice and this drove Kacie wild. She started to rub Lori's clit and this also sent Lori sky high. 

They broke off their kiss and stared into each other's eyes breathing wildly. Lori's clit was so swollen and it had come out of it's hood. Kacie started to stroke it gently at first and then a bit harder and faster. With this Lori was humping Kacie's hand and she whispered "Stick your fingers into my pussy please". This drove Kacie nuts as she inserted two fingers into her pussy while still rubbing her clit. Lori grabbed Kacie closer into her as she was being fingered. 

It felt so good to her and she knew that an orgasm was not far behind. She started to moan louder and her breathing was hard. Kacie also knew that Lori was about to cum. One of Lori's hand grabbed Kacie's hair and the other was on Kacie's back pulling her tighter into her. Her moaning got even louder and her body tensed and then with one shudder she was cumming. "Baby, I'm cumming! God this feels so good!" She was squeezing Kacie's fingers as she felt the waves of her orgasm. She couldn't stop shaking and trembling, it was so damn good for her. 

Her legs felt so weak and she couldn't stand without wanting to fall. "That was so good" she finally managed to say. "Yes, but we're not done yet" replied Kacie as she took her fingers out from her love hole. She was dripping with wetness that her panties were soaked. Kacie smiled as she saw the wetness on her fingers and she smiled as she tasted Lori on them. "You taste so yummy sweetie" she said afterwards.

"Let's go into the room now" Lori suggested. They stood beside the bed and embraced each other and kissed. Kacie helped Lori into bed and got on top of her. She wanted to taste Lori so bad but she didn't want to rush it. Getting up on her knees she started to remove Lori's clothes...one by one. Then Lori got up and undressed Kacie. 

Both naked, Kacie laid Lori back on the bed and held Lori's hands above her head. She then made kisses from her neck to her breast and targeted her nipples again. Taking one nipple into her mouth, she gave it a suck while squeezing the other. With one hand she reached down and spread Lori's leg apart and gently rubbed her pussy. Leaving a trial of kisses from her breast down to her navel and stopping to tease her bellybutton...this drove Lori crazy. 

Further down she went until she was right on top of her mound. She sucked and kissed this area and down between the folds of her legs and pussy. Up with more kisses on the inside of her thighs. Lifting her legs up she kissed the underside of her thighs. This time Lori was begging for Kacie's tongue on her pussy. "Oh, you're teasing me so bad" Lori blurted out. She then held Kacie's head and tried to positioned it towards her wetness. Kacie gave Lori a wink and a big smile. She spread Lori's leg as wide as it can go. With both hands she spread her labia apart and gently ran her tongue un and down the entire length of her slit. Lori was watching and when Kacie did this, she moaned and closed her eyes with her back arched. Kacie did this a couple of times, with the front of her tongue on the upstroke and with the back of her tongue on the downstroke. Lori was in heaven and she felt like bursting. 

Kacie started to tongue around the clit before she zeroed in on the pleasure prize. When Kacie went after her clit, she was bucking up and down and grabbed Kacie's head to go deeper into her. She was going crazy. "Oh, that feels so good, yes...yes, don't stop please" she kept saying. Just then Kacie inserted two fingers into her pussy...that sent Lori of into space. She was bucking again and was grinding her crotch against Kacie's face. Kacie's fingers going in and out of her felt so good and she wanted more. A third finger went inside and that was it...Lori was cumming and she was cumming hard. "I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming!" she screamed. 
