 I had always known that my tastes were quite different. In high school, when hormones are like monsters crashing through your body, I couldn't quite understand what was happening to me. The scent of boys drove me crazy, and I watched them as they played shirtless on the field. And when they wore their loose fitting shorts, I could see what swung between their legs. But then, when changing in the locker room, I found myself also grow slick between my thighs as I watched my fellow classmates change. Soft, pert breasts. Pleasing curves. I was so afraid of this I often sat out of gym.

But soon, thanks to some online research, I was able to cope with my feelings. Although, I still haven't revealed to anyone yet that I am bisexual. I've had sex only a handful of times, and only with men. But my greatest fantasy is having sex with a woman. I want to cup her breasts, squeeze them. I want to suckle her nipple, tease it with my teeth. 

Even thinking about it now, I slide my hand down my body, slipping my finger under the elastic of my skirt and panties. My other hand clasping my breast. I imagine the soft, curvy body laid out before me, legs open. I can smell her dark musk, taste it as I lathe my tongue across her pink folds. I cum, my fingers working feverishly, as I imagine her long, anguished cry as I deliver her to ecstasy with my mouth.

I'm a college student now, perhaps I'll be able to get my chance. Isn't that one of the stereotypes for college? Experimentation?

I have a friend I can't help but keep thinking of, Melody. She's so lovely to look at, although she can sometimes be a bit hard to get along with. She has long, curly red hair. Pale skin. Soft, supple curves. I've been able to shower with her a few times, and every time I see her naked I am breathless. And every time I have to go straight back to my room and use every toy I have to find relief from my lust for her. Oh, how I long to touch Melody, taste her skin, hear her soft moans.

It doesn't take much to make me horny these days. Despite how shy I am, I am surprised by how easy it is to ask for a favor here and there. Although, to ask it from another girl still comes hard. But if I go up to a boy during a party, I normally get what I ask for. A good, quick, hard pounding is good for the soul every so often. A good hard dick, thrusting up into my pussy, making me cum with girlish glee, is enough sometimes to keep my hunger in check.

But when I see Melody, it all comes flooding back.

One day, I went to a party with Melody and I thought perhaps I could screw up enough courage to approach her. But when we got there, she began hanging all over her new boyfriend. Slightly heart broken I went off on my own, hanging about with all the other wallflowers. 

It was there I met Ellie, a spunky girl with cropped hair dyed pink. She was cute, a round face with freckles, and a plump soft body. She looked like a sweet desert. Before I knew it, Ellie and I were kissing. My first make-out session with a girl, I was never happier. Not much happened after that, but Ellie and I became close friends.

A few weeks later, Ellie did confess to me she was a lesbian, and she became the first to know I was bisexual. We became closer, and a day or two later she invited me to her place, a small apartment off campus. There, she showed me how girls could fuck. I'd never cum so hard or so much in my life. 

First, Ellie took me into her room where she undressed me, slowly savoring me as I removed all my clothes before her. She laid me back and hitched up my legs, opening me up to her so she could taste me. He tongue was both hot and cold, and she knew every way to make me cry out.

Ellie and I didn't want to become anything serious, so we agreed on a fuck-buddy system. Every time we did fuck, Ellie showed me something different. Toys, positions, how to use my fingers. I couldn't believe my luck.

"So, are there any girls you like April?" Ellie asked me one day.

I nodded. "Uhm...yes actually. Melody Keiler."

Ellie giggled. "The bitchy red-head? Really?"

"Well...there's just something about her. Anytime I'm around her I just...I can't help it. I just get so hot around her."

Ellie sighed. "I remember that feeling. I had a girl back in my old school who did that to me."

"I just...don't know how to bring it up." 

"One day." Ellie sighed. "One day."

About a month later, that day came. I was going back to the science lab to get my bag, classes had already been out for a good while and I didn't expect anyone to be there. But when I went to passed the professor's office I heard someone inside. Peeking in through the windows that separated it from the classroom I saw the professor sitting there, a girl between his legs, her head bobbing up and down with his cock in her pretty mouth.

"Shit," I whispered.

"Shit!" The professor echoed me and I ducked down. "You give the best fucking head." The professor seethed.

The girl giggled in delight.

I looked back up, spying on the scene. Licking my lips, I felt a little turned on. The science professor wasn't all that bad looking, and the girl sucking him off was touching herself, her pretty fingers slicking in and out of her dripping pussy. I rub the blade of my fingers against my own twat, finding some relief from the ache.

The girl raises her head and smiles. "You can't go just yet, professor." The girl stands and turns, sitting in his lap. "We need to have a little more fun."

I stare, horrified and elated. It was Melody, getting ready to fuck the professor.

"You don't need to go this far." The professor laughed, holding his saliva covered cock, guiding it towards Melody's wanton cunt. "The blowjob would of covered you."

"Extra credit." Melody moaned as she sat down, the professor's dick disappearing inside her.

I reach for my phone and take several snap shots. Melody bouncing happily in the professor's lap, her wanton face enjoying ever moment of it. I then turn on the video camera, propping it up to capture the whole thing while I try to bring about my own orgasm. I watch Melody, only her, as she lets the professor fuck her. Her breasts swaying, her hair falling over her like a curtain. And her pussy...so soft and pink, flowing with nectar.

"Cum for me Melody." I whisper to myself. "Oh shit..." My fingers are working deftly, trying to find my own relief.

"Your cock feels so good!" Melody gasps. 

"I'm going to cum!" The professor quakes.

Melody giggles, throwing her head back as the professor cums inside her. That's when I leave, quickly taking my phone and rushing out of the lab without looking back.

In my room, I look back through the photos and watch the video over and over, making myself cum to Melody. But that is when I get an idea. Melody has a boyfriend she claims she is very serious about. Not only that, she has a reputation for being very faithful to him, almost a prude like status too. She'd do anything to keep her name clean. Licking my lips, I begin to formulate a plan.

Over the new few weeks I slowly begin to start making Melody come to me. First, I buy a prepaid cell phone and I send Melody the photos of her and the science professor together. I can see the panic on her face. I always make sure I'm near her when she receives the message.

I also send her texts, vividly describing the scene I had witnessed. Telling her how her face looked enjoying the cock of the professor as he slammed into her. I described how her breasts swayed, how she laughed in pleasure. 

Always, always, she read them, staring at her phone for so long before closing it shut and leaving what she had been doing. She never responded back to any of them.

After two weeks of that torture I begin sending her clips of the video I took. Just small enough to tell who it was in the video and what they were doing. It was while I was doing this I sent her a package. Inside was a remote-controlled egg vibrator, to which I had the remote, and a note explicitly telling her what to do and why.

Melody,

I know what you're doing. If you don't want the rest of the world to know, I am going to need you to keep this egg charged, and wear it inside you at all times. Should you not do as I have asked, I will send the video of you in its entirety to your boyfriend, your family, and to members of the school board.

The day after she received my gift, as I sat behind her in class. I took her drink bottle, adding into it a few splashes of a special female mood boosting herb, sure to make her as horny as a dog in heat. She took a few sips of it before class started. Perfect.

As class began I began to notice her shifting, feeling the egg inside her along with her own growing arousal. When I noticed her kneading her hand between her knees I turned the dial up.

"Oh!" She exclaimed loudly and quickly clammed up, pinching her thighs together tightly and sitting stiff in her chair.

I cranked the dial up more and she began to shake, her shoulder slumping, her body turning red with embarrassment and desire.

I turned the vibrator off and Melody began peering around the room. It was obvious her torturer was close.

I didn't do anything after that. The next class we had together, after the drug had really kicked in, that's when I would really begin her slow sensuous torture.

But to my surprise, after class, I see Melody make a mad dash for the bathroom. I follow her inside, taking the stall beside her.

"Fucking thing." Melody gasps from her stall. "I was so close..." Her voice is stilted, breathing heavy. "Fucking bastard...I'm going to kill them."

I take my phone and send her a message, "don't you dare take the vibrator out."

And for the first time since I had begun blackmailing her, she texts me back.

"Who the fuck are you? Why are you doing this?"

"Because I want you."

"WHO. ARE. YOU?"

"I bet your pussy tastes sweet."

No reply.

"I bet I can make you cum better than that professor did. Did he even make you cum? We're you faking all that pleasure?"

"Stop it." In the stall I can hear he touching herself, slick squishes as she fingers herself. Is all this really turning her on?

"I bet cock isn't enough for you."

"What?"

"You try to act sweet but I bet you're a big slut who craves sex."

Her fingers are working harder, I can hear splashes going into the toilet.

"Your pussy is so hungry. Craving so much attention." I then crank up the remote and I hear her gasp.

"I bet you're enjoying yourself." I turn the vibrator off and she cusses out loud.

I then begin to fake as if I have been using the bathroom this entire time. I get toilet paper and flush the toilet then leave.

"You fucking asshole!" She texts me.

"Were you close again?"

No reply.

"I'll make you cum soon. Don't worry." I put my phone away and hide in the crowd as Melody comes out of the bathroom. She looks flustered, but nothing out of the ordinary.

I don't have another class for an hour, so I go and visit Ellie for a quickie before I have to go and torture Melody again.

"Can you give me a good fuck?" I ask. As soon as her door closes and remove my skirt and underwear.

"Fuck, April." Ellie cups my swollen vulva, curling her fingers inside me. I shudder at the touch. "How'd you get so fucking wet?"

"Still playing with Melody." I say as she continues to pump her fingers inside me, I let a long moan slip. "I'm beginning to think she's enjoying it."

"Well, with my help you'll be able to finally have your dream girl, easy." Ellie pushes me onto her bed. She then licks her fingers. "You need something big today." She goes over to her drawer, the drawer full of all her toys, and pulls out the big, double-sided dildo that was my favorite.

"I caught her trying to please herself in the bathroom." I lick my lips in anticipation, rubbing my clit to help build the excitement we'd share. "I could hear her fingering her pussy."

Ellie turns, grinning at me. "It's working!" She begins easing the dildo into herself, slowly savoring the first taste of penetration. "When do you think you'll strike?"

I pull off my shirt, exposing my small breasts. "There's a party tonight at one of the dorms. I know she's going." I spread my legs open, inviting Ellie and her newly inserted cock.

"Can I come watch?" I feel the head of the toy, pressing at my entrance. Using my fingers, I spread myself open, allowing it inside. I let loose a long, please groan.

"Your pussy was hungry." Ellie moaned.

I begin to grind my hips with hers, thrusting the dildo back and forth between us. Gasping and moaning. I like watching Ellie above me, she has such pretty tits, smooth white globes, perfect pink cherries for nipples. I lift my head slightly, taking one of those cherries between my teeth.

"That feels good." She seethes. "Ah...so...do you know what you're going to do to Melody when you have her?"

The very thought of it has my blood boiling. I reach down, stroking my own clit in smooth circles. "Oh gosh...I have so many ideas...mmm." I can feel the dildo, hard and cool forcing it's way deeper and deeper inside me, hitting me all the way back with the force of Ellie's powerful thrusts.

Ellie leans down, kissing my neck, biting my shoulder. Her lips brush against her ear. "I have an idea."

I let out a moan as a reply.

"Let me watch." Ellie is gripping onto my thighs, spreading me open wider and forcing the toy harder into my sex. "I want to watch you take her. I can film it. Then...then we can have more fun later."

I gasp, my fingers digging into the soft flesh of Ellie's ass, fingernails racking across her skin. "You sure?"

"I like watching." Ellie pants. "And two girls?" She kisses me hard on the lips, our tongues swirling. "How exciting!"

I gasp, shuddering with the anticipation of everything, my on coming orgasm, Melody's own wails of pleasure. "Ah...yes!"

"Unh...good." Ellie heaved. "I'm close."

I nod, barely able to say anything else save for the grunts and groans of pleasure. Ellie takes the toy in her hands and begin thrusting it, pumping it like a piston between us. I feel it, the exquisite hot and tightening feeling of my muscles clinching in anticipation of the release. The quickening in my belly becoming unbearable.

Ellie let out a long wail and I joined her in the chorus as our bodies fall together. She rolls over beside me, panting. The toy remains inside me, my juices dripping down along it and splashing onto my feet hanging off the edge of the bed.

"Thanks Ellie," I gasp, running my fingers through my hair.

Ellie sighs contentedly.

I reach down, removing the toy from between my legs, the sensation of it making me quiver slightly. 

"We can use that tonight." Ellie mumbled, reaching out and massaging my breast. 

"On Melody?" I ask.

She nods, closing her eyes, smiling. "Fuck her with it. She won't know what's happening to her. Is she with a man, a woman? Both?"

I lick my lips. If I get her where I want her at the party I could deprive her of her sight. Ellie was right. Melody would never know what hit her.

Ellie grinned. "See?"

I return to classes, sated and happy. Ellie would meet me again after school, she was going shopping to her favorite sex toy shop to help me in my adventure this evening. When I got to class, Melody was there, her eyes darting about, looking through the faces of everyone in class. I notice she's changed out of the skirt she had been wearing and now had on a pair of pitch-black jeans. She looks up at me and smiles cautiously.

I smile back, shyly of course. "Is something wrong, Mel?" I ask.

She shakes her head quickly. "Oh. I'm fine. Just...bored." She sighed and she turned away from me. She pulls out her cell phone and texts someone. I know it's me, but I can't do anything about it. If she saw me reach for the phone I use to message her, she'd know something was up. Instead, I reach for the remote in my pocket, thumbing it gently to turn it on.

Melody's shoulder's stiffen and she moves her jacket over her lap. Her eyes dart around for a moment and then look back at her phone. She texts again.

As the classroom begins to fill up and I am blocked from her view I take the phone out and read her texts.

The first one says: "Are you here now?"

The next: "Why are you doing this?"

I turn up the dial more and I see Melody stiffen in her seat, her arms placed on the top of her desk, fingers clenched against the edge.

I text her back: "Tell me you enjoy it."

She doesn't reach for her phone, so I turn the vibrator off. She reaches for her water bottle taking a few deep drinks.

I smile. Pleased with my work. I do feel a little guilty, taking advantage of her like this. I suppose this makes me a bad person now. Then again, who would suspect me of something like this?

During class I turn the vibrator on and off intermittently. Watching her shoulders sag and stiffen, her face redden, eyes grow heavy. I loved those eyes, soft green, heavy lidded and thickly lashed. Her heady look drove me crazy. 

I send her texts all throughout class, saying things to her, things I had read in books and heard in porn. I then send her a text that I hoped she'd answer. "Who do you think I am? Who do you think is torturing you."

During class break, Melody doesn't get up to go to the bathroom with her friends. While everyone files out of the room, including me, she takes out her phone, looking through all the messages I had sent her.

I stand in the hallway, just barely able to see he from the windows. She texts me back. "I don't know. I can't think. Just let it end. I can't take it anymore."

"Tonight." I text back. "I'll see you at the party."

I go back into the room with a few other girls and take my seat, cranking up the vibrator to full blast. Melody doesn't move, only her eyes give her away. And I see, through her shirt, her nipples standing erect. I lick my lips, wanting to bite those nipples, rake my finger nails across her soft breasts, down her back, clinch my fingers into her plump rear.

She looks up and around the room, then her eyes catch me looking at her. There's no way she could tell it was me. I smile at her and she turns back away. I bite my bottom lip, what if Melody could see through my eyes just as clearly.

I leave the vibrator on throughout the rest of class, never touching my phone. Once class ends, I turn it off and Melody goes off with her friends yet again as if nothing had happened to her.

I met up with Ellie where we go to my dorm room and she shows me the treats she bought to help me with Melody.

That evening Ellie and I go to the party and begin looking around for Melody.

"Do you think she'll come?" Ellie asked.

I laugh. "Of course. She knows she's in trouble if she doesn't. And besides, I can tell she wants it."

We continue to mingle about the party, keeping out eyes open for Melody. After a while, I come across Melody's boyfriend. Feeling rather brave, I decide to go up and talk to him.

"You're a friend of Mel's right?"

I nod. "Casually. Have you seen her yet? I uhm...wanted to ask her something. She's seemed odd the past few weeks and I'm worried about her."

He nods. "Yeah. She's been kind of distracted. I haven't actually seen her in a while. Hoping we could, ya know, connect tonight."

No fucking way. If anything, I'm going go turn Melody off of you tonight.

Ellie then comes rushing up me, pulling me away. "Found her." She continues pulling me through the crowd. I see her she's just come through the door. That's when I turn the vibrator on, gradually turning it up as she moves about the crowd.

Ellie is pressed tight against me, watching for the same signs as I am. Watching Melody stay on the outside of the crowd, legs pinched together, eyes going mad, growing hazier by the second. When her boyfriend goes up to her, sliding his hand across her hips, she seems about to break. 
