 Detective Pat Gibson signed the case report she was writing and closed up her clipboard. Stretching, she turned off the interior light, put on her seatbelt and started her unmarked patrol car. She shifted it into drive and pulled out of the parking lot and back on the road. Glancing at the clock she saw it was right at 10 PM and decided she could deliver the report in the morning at court. She would go straight home now. Almost absently she picked up her radio mike and called she was back in service.

She had no sooner started home when the radio announced an armed robbery had been committed on the other side of the county. Pat activated the concealed blue lights and pressed hard on the accelerator. Before she had traveled even halfway the dispatcher announced two units were on scene and had apprehended the suspects. Pat continued on. As the detective on call she needed to arrive as soon after the crime as possible.

Her cell phone buzzed. Smiling, she slowed down and answered. "Yes Honey?" she asked.

Her husband chuckled. "Just wanted to let you know I heard that call on the scanner. I have the morning shift so I'm going to bed."

"Kiss the girls for me," answered Pat, referring to her 12 and 14 year old stepdaughters. "If this takes all night I'll try to meet you for breakfast at Jason's Restaurant."

"Okay Pat, love you."

"Me too Mike." Pat pushed the end button on her cell only to hear it buzz again.

"Gibson" she said.

"Pat, it's Jamie Saddler."

"Yes, Captain?" Pat answered to her boss, the head of the detective division.

"Pat I was at the station when this happened. I have the suspects here and have started the paperwork. Normally I'd just you tell to scoot for home but one of the witnesses is an English woman, a tourist visiting here. She's somewhat shook up and I would like you to talk to her. Take her statement, reassure her and get her back to her hotel. I realize its not really part of your duties but would you?" 

"Of course I will Captain. " Pat reflected, how nice of him, he could have simply ordered her to do this. Instead he made it seem like she was doing him a favor. "Be there is five minutes."

The minute she entered the station Pat realized why she had been reluctant to come by earlier. In her haste to get out of the house and on the call she had ended up with a mismatched outfit. Her badge, normally in a holder for her belt, had been put on a uniform shirt for court appearance, so she had grabbed that shirt and put in on. She had pulled on her jeans and then laced up her ankle length work boots. Only then had she discovered the jeans she had put on were not the loose comfortable ones she normally wore but the one size too small ones she wore when they went out dancing. Refusing to take her boots back off she had managed to zip them up while holding her breath. She had then thrown on her shoulder holster with her 9mm Browning Hi-Power sidearm covered by a black leather jacket. The whistles she received from two drunks sitting in the reception room of the station confirmed her opinion that she probably looked liked a butch streetwalker. 

The officer on radio watch buzzed the door open for her and waved. She swung down the hall and approached Captain Saddler.

"Hi Pat" the captain said as he handed her a statement sheet. "The lady has filled out her statement. Just need to get it signed and then you can get her back to her hotel. I appreciate you doing this. Oh, and she won't have to stay and testify. She's in room 3," He indicated with a motion of his hand.

Pat took the form and walked into the room. She smiled automatically at the blonde woman in the chair. As the woman turned around Pat suddenly caught her breath and leaned against the door jamb to steady herself. "Joyce!" she thought wildly.

Everyone in the department, everyone she knew here as a matter of fact, knew that she had moved to this side of the state after the collapse of her last relationship. What nobody was aware of was that relationship had been with another woman.

(Four Years Ago)

Pat stood staring in complete disbelief. She had managed to get off duty early from the police department she was working for. Stopping on the way home to buy flowers she had hoped to surprise her girlfriend Joyce at the small house they rented outside the city limits. And she had surprised Joyce indeed. She knew things had been not going well but the sight of the voluptuous red head in bed with Joyce; in THEIR bed; had confirmed her worst fears.

Joyce had shrugged unapologetically. Taller than Pat's 5'5" by four inches she was a tall cool blonde, completely the opposite of the darker haired and complexioned Pat.

"What did you expect? You're working all the time. You come home and go to sleep. I got bored. Besides, Jo in there is a lot more feminine than you are anyway."

That was obviously the end of that. Before forty eight hours had passed Pat had resigned her job, settled her bills and packed to leave. As she did, Joyce delivered the final shot.

"You think you're leaving me. But that will never really happen. I am the best thing that ever happened to you and no one else will ever measure up to me. One day you'll be back."

Pat had moved to the other side of the state and took a job with the local sheriff's department. Since she was already certified her training period, under then Sergeant Mike Gibson had been brief. She had enjoyed working with him both as her training officer and as her supervisor. She had learned he was a widower and had two daughters, 8 and 10. Meeting them at a department picnic she had fallen in love with them both and become their big sister, spending time at their house on an almost daily basis. Slowly she had found herself falling in love with Mike too. Two years ago when she was promoted to detective and he to Lieutenant they had married.

Pat had been happy. She had a wonderful husband and two step-daughters, who still considered her a loving but firm big sister. But Pat was never able to get over the feeling that this was all temporary, that Joyce was right and one day she would find herself leaving to return to her ex-lover. The only way Pat let it show was in their discussion of children. She had always wanted to be a mother and Mike was more than willing also. But Pat could not make herself take that final hurdle that would acknowledge the past was gone forever.

(The Present)

Pat shook herself and stepped in the office. The woman inside looked up and smiled. Pat realized that apart from the blonde hair this woman looked nothing like Joyce. she was in her early 30's, about 5' 6" and slender. Even in slacks and a simple blouse she looked almost elegant. But the major difference was the smile. This woman's was warm and friendly, a contrast to Joyce, who Pat suddenly realized had always looked like she was smiling from a sense of superiority.

"Hello Ms..., "Pat looked at the report "Clarke. I'm Detective Pat Gibson. If you would be kind enough to look over your statement and sign it, if it is correct, I can get you out of here. And I will be happy to take you back to your hotel and stay with you until you feel comfortable being alone."

"Thank you Detective Gibson. Please call me Liz." said the woman in a charming English accent. "I'm quite alright now no need for you to trouble yourself." Liz took the statement, read it and signed it.

"And I'm Pat," the other woman answered. Noticing that the fingers holding the pen still shook very slightly Pat added, "And it is no trouble at all. Captain Saddler tells me that due to the other evidence available you will not need to stay here and testify. So I can't have you leaving this part of the South thinking that this is what its all like. Give me the chance to demonstrate a little courtesy too."

"Thank you Pat, " Liz smiled. She handed back the statement and stood. "I certainly am ready for that."

Pat escorted Liz out of the station, pausing only to drop the statement off. She opened the passenger door to her car and closed it after Liz was seated. Jumping in the driver's door she called Dispatch with her destination and headed for Liz's hotel. On the way she had a sudden idea.

"Liz, would you perhaps like a glass of wine when we get to your hotel? I know you've had quite a day and I have too. There's a store up ahead that has a nice selection. Its just a thought but one glass would help you relax and maybe sleep easier."

"That would be lovely Pat," her new friend answered. "How about a dry white? I'm sure they have something at the hotel mini-bar, but those prices!"

Pat stopped at the upscale grocery store and purchased a bottle of a nice wine. Only a few more minutes passed and they arrived at Liz' hotel. After carefully locking the car Pat escorted Liz up to her room.

"Pat, if you don't mind, I desperately need to take a shower. Please make yourself comfortable and pour us the wine. There should be glasses and a corkscrew somewhere around the bar." Liz laughed. "I don't think they charge for their use."

Pat turned and searched. Not immediately finding anything but the glasses she absently took off her jacket and laid it on the dresser. She shrugged out of her shoulder holster, putting it with her sidearm and cuffs on top of the jacket. She sat in a chair and decided to remove her boots and socks. She wiggled her toes in the carpet. After all, Liz had said to make herself at home. Returning to the area of the bar she found the corkscrew. She realized the water had gone on in the shower. She heard a light humming from the bathroom from Liz. Pat swallowed suddenly as she realized that the shower door was only half closed. Was this some type of an invitation? An invitation that she realized she was hoping for. She hesitated, trying to maintain control of her voice.

"Liz?" Pat almost cursed listening to her voice waver. "Are you ready for a glass of wine?"

"Three minutes love," The English girl answered. "I'm almost done."

Pat poured the wine, concentrating carefully on her hands. She put the bottle on the sideboard and turned with the glasses in her hand as Liz exited the shower. She almost dropped the glasses. Liz was in a white robe. Obviously she had very little if anything on under it. Noticing the American girl seemed flustered Liz looked down at her dress, or lack of it.

"Oh my, Pat. Am I embarrassing you? I can change."

"No, no Liz," Pat almost cursed again. She sounded so eager! And she suspected she was blushing.

Liz took her glass from Pat, raised it and smiled, "Cheers."

"Cheers," Pat answered. She took a sip, then a longer almost gulp of the wine. She looked to see that Liz had just taken a small sip only. "Oh great," Pat thought. "I really am coming across as a country bumpkin here."

Liz took Pat's free hand and seated them both on the side of the bed. She crossed her legs and Pat's eyes were drawn to them. the robe had fallen almost completely away from Liz's legs, displaying them to Pat's gaze to within a couple of inches of their junction. Liz took one more sip of wine placed her glass on the nightstand and took Pat's hand with those now free fingers. Liz's other hand rested on the bed almost right behind Pat. Pat felt she could almost feel it against her back. She certainly felt the warmth of Liz's fingers intertwined with hers.

"Pat," Liz spoke softly, "Thank you for coming here tonight. I feel very safe now. There is only one more thing I would like to ask of you."

"Yes Liz?" replied Pat.

Looking deep in the American woman's eye, the blonde British woman simply asked, "Will you kiss me?"

For one stunned instant Pat could not react. Her eyes locked with Liz's. She saw there something she had not seen in a woman's eyes since long before Joyce. She saw caring and a soft passion that spoke to her in ways she had forgotten.

"Yes," breathed Pat, barely above a whisper. And then her lips met Liz's.

The kiss was soft, their lips just beginning to caress each others. Pat felt Liz catch her lower lip and suck it so gently, stretching it. The tip of Pat's tongue slipped from between her parted lips and began to explore Liz's mouth, which opened just enough to admit the other woman. Their tongues began to stroke each others, tasting and enjoying what they found. With a slight moan Pat opened her mouth more to Liz until their kiss deepened into a passionate embrace.

Pat's hands slipped around Liz, holding her and rubbing up and down the back of the bathrobe. At the same time Pat felt Liz's fingers begin to undo the buttons on her uniform shirt. Pat trembled and her hands moved to Liz's shoulders. As Liz undid the final button and pushed Pat's shirt back Pat's hands slipped under the bathrobe to tighten on Liz's shoulders. Liz let her hands continue, reaching around Pat to unhook her bra. Pat managed to take her hands off Liz just long enough to let both shirt and bra fall free. She gasped suddenly as Liz kissed her again and touched both her breasts. Immediately her nipples stiffened and her kiss became demanding while her hands reached to untie Liz's robe.  As Pat undid the tie on Liz's robe she felt the other woman's fingers cup her breasts and begin to lightly tap on her already hard nipples. In one sudden burst Pat opened the robe and pushed it back off Liz's shoulders. With that Liz stood, helping Pat to her feet and her robe falling at her feet, revealing she wore only high cut white lace panties. Liz kissed Pat again and again her hands falling to unfasten Pat's belt and jeans. Liz tried and failed to ease the too tight jeans down over Pat's hips. 

Stepping back just a bit, Liz looked Pat deeply in the eyes and smiled. Kissing Pat once more Liz slipped to her knees in a move that was so incredibly graceful it took Pat's breath away. From that position Liz eased Pat's jeans down to her ankles and helped her step out of them. Liz smiled again to see that under her practical clothing Pat was wearing black satin panties. Liz leaned forward and planted one long soft kiss in the middle of those panties. Pat drew a deep breath, knowing that her panties were already wet in that very spot.

Liz began to suck Pat's moisture through her panties. Her hands moved back up Pat's legs. Liz's fingernails lightly stroked up the back of Pat's legs as she delicately chewed Pat's increasing soaked satin. The nails slid in the creases where Pat's thighs met her round firm bottom then continues up over the cheeks. Liz's thumbs caught the elastic top of Pat's panties and began to draw them down. Pat shivered repeatedly as Liz's nails just barely scratched the smooth skin of her ass cheeks. Then Pat's panties where down and Liz doubled her efforts. Her hands climbed up Pat's stomach and returned to squeezing the other woman's breasts. Pat moaned and spread her legs as Liz's tongue began to stroke her wet folds and then slipped into her slit.

Pat tangled her hands in the English woman's blonde hair and closed her eyes in sheer delight. Liz's fingers were repeatedly stroking Pat's nipples, rolling them in small circles and gently pinching them at the top of each circle. Liz's tongue lapped up and down Pat's open slit. Each pass she dipped deeper and deeper into Pat's now soaking wet pussy. Every now and then Liz stopped and sucked Pat's swollen lips into her mouth. Pat began to arch her back, trying to push herself closer to Liz.

Realizing Pat's arousal Liz slid her tongue deep into Pat and began to move her head rapidly. At the same time her fingers tightened on Pat's nipples. With great care Liz began to pinch them in a rhythm matching her tongue as it stabbed into Pat. Faster and faster Liz continues her licking and pinching. Sensing from Pat's shaking the exact moment Liz found Pat's erect clitoris and seized it in her lips. As she sucked it her fingers locked on Pat's nipples, pulling them and Pat's orgasm rushed over her like a massive wave. Shaking and shuddering Pat moaned "Liz...oh Liz" over and over as her juices coated Liz's face.

When Pat had regained herself somewhat she lifted Liz to her feet and kissed her.

"Oh Liz, that was so wonderful in ways I can't even tell you. Now I want to give you the same pleasure you just gave me."

Liz smiled and touched Pat's face. "This in itself was pleasure enough for me. I wanted you the moment I saw you in the station. I know that this is a single night for both of us." Liz actually blushed before continuing. "There is something you could do...a fantasy you could fulfill for me." Without waiting for an answer Liz moved to Pat's jacket and fumbled for a moment. She seemed to hesitate and Pat saw the deep flush spread to Liz's neck.

"Liz, what is it?" Now it was Pat's turn to be soft voiced and concerned. "Whatever it is, its alright."

Liz turned around. In one hand were Pat's handcuffs. "I've always wanted someone to use something like this. But I was always afraid they would misunderstand and think that I was into pain or bondage. I just want to allow myself to be completely given to someone I know I can trust. I think that is you Pat. Please?"

Pat took the cuffs. She weighed them for a moment then kissed Liz. Almost giggling Liz stretched out on the bed. Pat knelt beside Liz and carefully locked one cuff around Liz's left wrist as loosely as possible. She leaned over to loop the cuffs through the headboard. As she did Liz lifted her head and licked Pat's breast almost capturing her nipple.

"So, that's the way its going to be huh?" Laughed Pat. She reached back and caught Liz's other hand. Lifting it over Liz's head to meet the other cuff and closed it. "Now my pretty." Pat pretended to scowl fiercely, "You are mine!"

Pat drug her tongue down Liz's arm. She paused at Liz's smooth shaven armpit and she began to kiss it. She moved from there over the shoulder and began to kiss Liz' neck. Pat moved up to one ear, licking the porch of the ear and tugging the earlobe with her teeth. At the same time Pat's hands slid up and down Liz's sides. As Pat kissed the hollow of Liz's throat her hands began to rub Liz's flat taunt stomach. Pat heard Liz suck her breath in suddenly and felt the muscles bunch under her fingers.

Drifting down for Liz's throat Pat kissed the beginning of Liz's chest. Her hands stroked upwards, her fingers reaching the bottom curve of Liz's breasts. Pat felt more than heard Liz gasp as the fingers and lips of the woman on top of her met on her hard erect nipples. For the first time Liz pulled and strained against the cuffs as Pat's warm mouth engulfed her left breast. At the same time Pat began to stroke Liz's other nipple, tapping it with her thumb and caressing the smooth full breast with her fingers.

Pat had settled her body over Liz. Using her elbows and knees to support her Pat held herself up far enough so only the pink tips of her breasts touched Liz. Pat let Liz's breast escape from her mouth bit by bit till her lips only held the rubbery nipple. The motions of her lips and fingers caused Pat's breasts to wobble around slightly, dragging her nipples over Liz's stomach and then the beginning of her mound. All the touches caused another low moan from Liz, echoed by one from Pat.

Pat moved again. She slowly shifted herself lower, following her tongue between Liz's breasts, then down to her stomach. She tongued Liz's navel while her hands moved to hold Liz's hips and her body slipped between her legs. Pat then trailed kisses down over Liz's mound till finally her lips led her to Liz's wet swollen lips. Droplets of nectar were caught in the fine blonde hair of Liz's pussy. Pat sucked all she could find into her mouth and kissed the soft insides of Liz's thighs. She slid under Liz's legs, leaving the thighs resting on her own shoulders and her hands cupping and lifting Liz's ass.

With her own passion building to an incredible level Pat began to lick her British lover wet slick slit. She rubbed her face into the lovely pussy, trying to reach as deep as she could inside her. Her tongue curled inside as her lips sucked and chewed on the outer lips. Liz locked her ankles and held Pat's head between her thighs lifting herself to the other woman's mouth. Greedily Pat followed the trail of Liz's sweet juices, following them down till they reached her wrinkled hole. One touch with her tongue to Liz's ass and Liz began to roll her head back and forth. 
