 Preface: This story looks back on a happier time for Denise and Nan during their two weeks in Gold Beach, Oregon, before they had to say good-bye, each crying her sadness. It involves their climbing a mountain where they experience making love in the outdoors.

********************

Morning came on the wings of a light Zepher breeze, coming over the mountains behind the little town of Gold Beach. It gently rustled the leaves of hardwoods and evergreen trees that rose on the backs of mountains that formed a wondrous backdrop for this little, out-of-the-way corner of the world. The sea grasses and sea oates with their bushy tops waved to and fro as if the fingers of the Zerpher breeze were playing out a merry tune or running their fingers through knotted hair. 

These wonders of Nature meet the waves of the Pacific Ocean coming onto the beach in row after non-ending row. Sometimes the waves gently swish softly onto the sandy beach while there are days combers rise in white caps at their tops to curl and crash in row after row, showing Nature's power. One can hear their strength as they either churn the beach, cutting swaths and channels for them to return from whence they came, or as they crash upon the rocks in wondrous spray which in time will cut them into pieces, wear them down, and polish them into beautiful, natural gifts beachcombers can find along the beach. 

This, however, was one of those gentle days, and Denise and Nan were awake but still lying in bed in one another's arms. Denise had her right leg drapped over Nan's two legs since she mostly slept on her back while Denise was a side-sleeper. Nan had her eyes closed, and Denise studied her body from head to foot, admiring the statuesque figure she was. She saw Nan's lovely large breasts with their cleavage well-defined in her teddy rise and fall with each, measured breath. Looking down from her breasts, Denise admired how well Nan's rounded hips matched them and how her narrow, short waist gave her that hour-glass figure she so dearly loved. Of course, Denise could not forget to look at Nan's lovely face.

Denise reached out her right hand and softly traced her fingertips down her smooth arm.

"Good morning, Love," Denise whispered.

Nan turned her head towards Denise and smiled. "Good Morning, Denise. And how are we today after our night of making love?" Nan playfully chided.

Denise smiled both inwardly and outwardly, "Oh, bosh. And who should be asking how she is after our night of making love?" Denise came back with her own gentle wit.

Each then remembering how wonderful it had been to be in each other's arms making love for quite sometime...hours...they looked into each others eyes and studied each other's facial features, and no matter how hard they tried not to, they both burst out laughing.

In the midst of their joyous laughter, Denise rolled over onto Nan and scooped her into her long arms and brought their bodies together, face to face and breasts to breasts. Denise bent down and kissed Nan wantonly on her luscious lips, sliding her tongue into Nan's open mouth. As many times before, this was not a howdy, good-morning kiss but a soulful and heartfelt kiss that told each how much they were in love.

After the kiss was mutually broken, both Nan and Denise let out a slow breath, letting the other know the power of their kiss.

Denise raised herself up off Nan, keeping her gaze all the way. "Well, now, and what shall we be doing today, me Luv?"

There was a pregnant pause when each thought the other could surely hear her heart beating, but if it were anyone's heart each heard, it was her own.

Nan had a thought but wasn't sure she should mention it to Denise since it involved a fantasy of hers, one she had had for many, many years...one she could not fulfill given her many years of celibacy since her hurtful breakup with her former love partner.

Denise looked at Nan and saw she was in deep thought, but since she had asked Nan what they should do today, she thought it must be about that.

Screwing up her courage to invade Nan's private thoughts, Denise asked, "What is it, Nan? What is it you want to do? From your hesitation in answering my question, I think it is in answer to it, but then I'm not sure."

Nan answered Denise's question with some trepidation, "Well, Denise, I have had this fantasy for many, many years that I have dreamed of having come true. But I'm self-conscious about telling you."

"Oh, Nan, you know by now you can tell me anything even though we've known one another for just a short time. We both promised to be open and non-judgmental. Did we not?" asked Denise.

"Yes. Yes. You're right, Denise. We did promise that," answered Nan.

"Well, then, let's have it. What is your fantasy you'd like to do today? Nothing will shock or surprise me, Nan. You can be sure of that. I've my own list of fantasies. One of them just might be the same as yours," Denise encouraged Nan.

"All right, then. My fantasy is to make love outdoors in the woods, being completely butt- naked. Does that sound too horrible, Denise?" Nan asked with a blush coming to her face while holding her breath for Denise's response.

Denise smiled and her face lit up as she looked at Nan's somewhat discomfort in having shared her fantasy with her. "Ooooohhhhh, Nan. That is a fantastic fantasy. So natural and erotic," she said. "The very thought of it is beginning to make me wet already."

While saying this, Denise reached down and pulled up her red teddy around her hips, a different kind without snaps in the crotch as she had worn when they first made love. She let it fold around her waist, exposing both her shaved pussy covered with a thin line of very blonde hair that went from the top of her pussy where her small labia meet at the glans, hood, and shaft of her clitoris, and from there up to her pubic hair shaped in the form of a heart.

Denise reached over to Nan and gently took her left hand, and moved it towards her, putting Nan's fingers covered by her own onto her excited clit.

"See, Nan, how excited and wet I am from the very idea of making love with you outdoors. It is so erotic, and the idea of making love in a public place even though it is the woods where we might be seen makes it even more wanton and erotic," said Denise. 

"Mmmmmmm. You feel so good down there. So good and so wet," Nan said as she brought her fingers up to her mouth and licked and sucked them clean of Denise's pussy cream. "And they taste good, too," Nan added, smiling.

"I bet you're wet between your legs, too, Nan. Aren't you?" asked Denise.

"Yes. Yes. I think so. I do feel somewhat wet between my legs," Nan said.

With a tone of mock-surprise, Denise said, "Oh, well then. Here, let me feel your clit and see if your wet or not."

Denise raised herself up and leaned forward, giving her a full view of Nan's furry bush. Nan's thick, reddish pubic hair still thrilled her so.

Denise reached down with her hand and let her fingers trace from the bottom of Nan's pussy up to her vagina, enjoying the silky feel of Nan's smooth labia, until she came to Nan's vagina. Once there Denise circled around Nan's vagina hole with her fingers and then gently slid them into it. She didn't stay long. Denise, having collected Nan's pussy cream, removed her wet fingers and went back up to Nan. 

Holding her fingers in front of Nan, Denise said, "Well, as you can see, Love. You are not only wet. You are verrrry wet."

With that Denise said to Nan, "And now, you must return the favor I gave you. I'm going to suck and lick my fingers of all your wet, pussy cream."

Denise put her fingers into her mouth and tasted the ambrosia of Nan's womanly, scented pussy cream. "Mmmmmmmm. You are one delicious woman, Nan. I must say," Denise told her.

Once again Nan blushed at the compliment, but she was happy Denise liked the way she smelled and tasted. 

Both Nan and Denise were too far gone and too excited now to get up from the bed to begin their day of finding a place to make love outdoors.

They looked at one another, and without having to ask or answer, each knew they both needed to have their orgasms, but they would make these orgasms short and quick. Just enough to take the edge off their erotic sensations and desire to cum.

"Well, Love, I don't think either of us planned this, but now that we're here, we might as well get at it and give ourseles our orgasms," said Denise. "What do you say?" she asked Nan.

"Oh, yes. My yes, Denise," answered Nan. "It couldn't be any other way," she sighed.

"How do you want to get off then?" asked Denise.

"Well...well," Nan hesitated answering.

Denise jumped in, "Why don't we get into the 69 position and eat one another's pussies until we cum all over each other's faces?"

"That sounds good to me, Denise," responded Nan. "That sounds very good, indeed."

Because of their difference in height, Denise suggested Nan should lie on her back with her turned around and with her thighs on either side of Nan's face while Denise knelt on the bed with her ass raised and her head between Nan's splayed legs.

Having gotten the logistics of their 69 position straightened out, Denise said,"Scootch down, Nan, and I'll get on top."

Nan did as Denise asked, and once in place, Denise got up on her knees, brought her left knee up and over Nan's body, and lowered it onto the mattress. Now Denise had her head between Nan's lovely legs with her pussy just inches from her face.

After looking at Nan's beautiful pussy, spread as it was from her stretching her legs apart, Denise dipped her face directly into Nan's pussy and began to lick and suck it frantically up and down between her labia. Nan did the same to Denise as she raised her head and brought her mouth and tongue up to Denise's pussy. Nan's being on the bottom as well as being short made it more difficult for her to lick and suck Denise's clit and labia while Denise had the advantage of being on top and having full access to Nan's whole pussy. 

Both traced in between each other's pussy lips with their tongues and lips, and when and if they were at the entrance to each other's vaginas, each pointed her tongue and stuck it inside as far as it would go. Once again Nan was at a disadvantage for being short as well as being on the bottom. 

However, whatever her position, both Nan and Denise were so hot and horny, they didn't need too much attention nor time to get the other off, so they sucked like banshees on one another. 

In between their moaning and groaning Nan and Denise sensed their times for orgasm were very close, so each went to THE spot to help the other have her vibrating orgasms. Each raised her head and brought her mouth right onto the other's erect clit that was so hard and sensitive to the touch. Each flicked the other's clit with their rapier tongues and swirled their clits around. They then clamped their mouths onto each other's clits in a suction grip, pushed their faces into the other's pussy, and quickly thrashed their heads from side to side as does a shark when bitting a junk of flesh from the body of its prey. They continued sucking on the other's clit, bringing her to orgasm.

Moans and groans of wanton pleasure filled the room until simultaneously Nan and Denise released their vibrating, tingling orgasms against the other's face, not bringing them up until the shrill sounds of each other's orgasmic pleasures were stilled and the trembling legs of the other opened and released each other's heads that had been trapped as if in two vices.

Denise rolled off Nan and at first just lay at her feet, trying to get her breath under control and regulate her pounding heart that she could feel as the blood passing through the veins in her temples throbbed. It was the same for Nan. And each was covered in sweat, loving sweat, the sweat that comes from having given and received the velvet touch of her lover.

Once calmed, Denise climbed up to Nan and kissed her cum-covered lips. In that kiss each tasted their mingled love juice and pussy cream, and each luxuriated in their kiss as well as in the taste of the elixir of their love.

"Whew! That was really something. Wasn't it, Nan?" Denised sighed through breath she was still trying to control.

"Oh, my, yes, Denise. That was so fantastic. So erotic. My orgasm exploded as if it came right through my clit," Nan answered. "Again, as I told you before, Denise. I never knew such orgasms, such erotic emotions, were possible. And to think I've missed them a good part of my life. What a shame. But, at least, I have you to thank, Denise, for introducing me into the art of lesbian love for which I absolutely thank you."

Denise just smiled at Nan, letting her know she understood what she had been telling her. After all, Nan had given her the gift of her "virginity" for which she was ever grateful.

"Well, Love," said Denise, "It's best we get showered and dressed into our hiking clothes, so we can go out and find ourselves a mountain to climb, and I think I know just the one. We passed it on our way north to Coos Bay. But first, after getting ready, we need to eat breakfast and pack a lunch for later. Cheese, crackers, and fruit all right for you, Nan?" 

"Yes, that will be fine," answered Nan.

"Okay, one more kiss, and it's off to the shower," Denise said to Nan as she lowered her lips to hers.

With these necessities completed, Denise grabbed their lunch and put it into her black backpack where she also kept her trusty Swiss Army knife.

In minutes Denise and Nan were driving north through the town towards the place that Denise had selected for their hike that day. Loving to climb mountains and having climbed the highest mountain in the Lower Forty-Eight, Mt. Whitney, in Southern California, Denise thought she and Nan would enjoy a climb up a mountain where they were less likely to meet too many people...if any with luck.

They crossed the north bridge that spans the now blue, placid waters of the Rogue River that had through eons of time used all its energy to cut through the rock to make the gorge over which many white water falls now churn, cascading over the fallen rocks.

It is there one can take the jet boat rides up and down the Rogue River.

They were driving along the Pacific Coast Highway towards Fort Ord, a small town not too far north of Gold Beach.

Waiting in suspense, Nan asked Denise, "Where are we going?"

"You'll see, Nan. Just be patient. It's not too far, and I want it to be a surprise," said Denise.

Nan didn't press as she looked over at Denise who had a sly grin on her face.

Having driven about twenty minutes, Denise slowed the car down, crossed the highway, and parked the car in a rather large space along the side of the road.

"Do you remember that brown sign we saw when we drove to Coos Bay?" she asked Nan.

"Yes. I remember. But what about it?" Nan asked.

"Look across the road. What do you see?"

Nan turned her face and looked across the road and saw the brown sign Denise had just mentioned.

"All right. What about it?" asked Nan quizzically.

"Let's get out of the car, and I'll show you," answered Denise as she got out her side and came around to the passenger side from which Nan was getting out, closing the car door behind her.

"Here, give me your hand, Nan," Denise said as she offered it to Nan.

They looked both ways on the road, and when there were no cars coming or going, Nan and Denise crossed the road, climbed over the guard rail, and stood in front of the brown, wooden sign.

On the sign were two words: Humbug Mountain.

"Do you remember we thought it was such an unusual name to call a mountain, that being the words spoken by Ebenezer Scrooge in Dicken's "Christmas Carol?"

"Yes, I remember that. We couldn't make the connection between the two," said Nan.

"Right. You know I love to climb, and I thought you would enjoy our climbing up to the summit of Humbug Mountain. You don't mind? Do you, Nan? If so, tell me, and we'll look for some other place to hike," said Denise who was willing to compromise with Nan since they didn't do anything without the other's approval.

"No. No.," answered Nan. "It's fine with me to climb it, but you know I'm not the climber you are, but I'm willing to try."

"That's, my girl," said Denise.

Thus agreeing Nan and Denise crossed the highway again to the other side, locked the car, got Denise's backpack, and looked for the beginning of the trail which they found was not far from where their car was parked.

The three mile trail runs out of Brush Creek Canyon to the summit, and the first thing they noticed about the trail on Humbug Mountain was it started up from the very beginning, so it wasn't long before both Denise and Nan were breathing deeply and feeling the strain on their leg muscles. They even had to stop a few times to catch their breath.

One of the pluses of this hike was they were hiking under a broad canopy of trees that covered the mountain, making it cool; although, the winds coming off the Pacific northwest act like a constant air conditioner.

This part of the trail was so strenuous and circuitous, Nan and Denise didn't talk too much but kept looking at their feet.

Denise, being the experienced climber, encouraged Nan, "Just take one step at a time. You can't think of getting to the top. Just think about taking the next step."

"All right, Denise," Nan gasped.

In about twenty minutes Nan and Denise came to a fork in the trail, and here they stopped to rest and catch their breath. Their chests heaved in and out with each breath, accentuating the rise and fall of their breasts.

At this quarter mile junction there was a sign which said or warned that if the first part had been too taxing, one should turn around and go back down.

Denise read the sign, looked up both trails which went to the left and right, and seeing neither one seemed as elevated as the thigh-burning part she and Nan had just completed, she said,"What they Hell! I think we just climbed the most difficult part of the trail, and now they tell us we should go back if it were too difficult. How absurd can that be? There should be a sign at the beginning telling hikers of the difficulty of the steep climb," said Denise mockingly.

"What do you want to do, Nan? Your choice," asked Denise.

"I don't know, Love, but I'm willing to go on," answered Nan.

"All right then, which do we take...the trail to the left or the trail to the right? Both will take us to the summit.

Nan looked at each trail and the option they faced, and then she said, "Let's take the left trail. One drives on the left side of the road in Ireland, so we'll go up on the left side," Nan said with a smile on her lovely face.

Denise didn't care which trail thet took, and so she agreed with Nan to take the left trail, thinking her reasoning to be quite the Irish thing to do.

Thus, each taking a deep breath, Nan and Denise continued their hike up forested Humbug Mountain that dominates the south coast with its steep rise from tidal pools to the sky. In spring wildflowers brighten the trail, and the creeks filled with winter water cascade over rocks and fallen trees with a raucous voice. Since it was April Nan and Denise where at Gold Beach for their two weeks together, they saw the wildflowers that both of them loved. The color was so fresh and beautiful.

The forested mountain is so dense with trees there are only a few views to the north and east. Its slopes feature an old-growth rain forest, and Humbug Mountain is said to be the highest mountain in the Lower Forty-Eight that directly descends into the sea, looking like a pyramid from seaward, so Denise had the privilege of climbing two of the highest mountains in the Lower Forty-Eight, 1756 feet of Humbug Mountain and almost 15,000 feet of Mt. Whitney.
