 Amy Joins a Sorority

If this is popular, I can make other stories with either the same characters in different situations or different characters in a similar situation.

Chapter 1: The Interview

Amy was 18-years-old and a second semester freshman in college. Living in dorms had taught her a lot. While she was not a prude before college, she had been with more guys than she had expected to get with, although, her looks probably helped her. Amy had straight dirty blonde hair that went down about a third of the way down her back with blue eyes. She was a very small girl, at just over 5 feet, 4 inches tall. She had B cup tits, and a nice toned ass.

Amy wanted to have some fun so she decided to apply to the sorority she really wanted to be in. This sorority was known as a fun one to be in, often with the hottest girls and the wildest parties. The only problem for Amy was that this sorority was very hard to get into. Many of the girls on campus applied, but very few were selected to enter, those that didn't get in never talked about why they didn't or what the application was like. Amy sent in her picture, like required as well as her application. She heard back from the head of the sorority, a senior named Stephanie, be email, which set up a time for an interview that Thursday. Amy was excited, she had an interview with the most fun sorority in her college. She met Stephanie in the sorority house, which being during class time, was seemingly empty.

Stephanie was taller than Amy, making her about 5' 6". She was tan, with straight brown hair with streaks of blonde in it and had brown eyes. She had an athletic body, with c cup tits and a toned ass. Stephanie led Amy to a little dining room with a large wooden table and wood several chairs around it. She motioned for Amy to sit down on one side and she herself sat on the other. She looked through Amy's paper work before speaking. "I hope you aren't nervous. Most people don't make it this far you know. Only the very pretty ones like you do."

Amy thanked her for the compliment, and the interview started. It was regular interview questions, what her major was, what year she was, what she did when she wasn't in class. After the class question, Stephanie asked, "What are you into?"

Amy thought for a second, "Well I like to play volleyball or just relax with my friends."

Stephanie smiled at this and then said, "No, not like that. I should have said sexually." Amy was confused. Why was this question being asked? What does this have to do with the application? She thought to herself.

However, Amy really wanted to join so she answered, "I like regular sex, I've tried anal but it isn't my favorite. I like to suck dick, and have my nipples pulled a bit." Stephanie didn't react to this information so Amy did not know if she answered the right way or the wrong way.

"How many partners have you had? Both guys and girls." Stephanie asked.

"I've been with 6 guys total, and one girl I hooked up with when I was drunk at a party." Stephanie did not react to this information either. Amy was no longer sure what was going on or why these questions were being asked.

"One final question, are you on birth control? I don't want anyone in the sorority getting pregnant and making us look bad." Stephanie said.

Amy answered, "Yeah. I'm on the pill." Stephanie nodded at this answer like it was the right one. This made Amy feel relieved that maybe she had been accepted.

Stephanie then said, "Come here tomorrow at 8 pm for your trials. If you pass that you're in. Don't wear anything you don't mind getting dirty."

This sounds way too easy. Amy thought to herself, but said out loud, with excitement in her voice "Okay that sounds good!" Stephanie then smiled at the enthusiasm and lead Amy back to the front door. Amy walked back to her dorm room, wondering about the sexual questions, and why they were asked. The rest of Thursday and Friday morning, she thought about it and felt herself getting more and more nervous. At 7:50 pm on Friday, Amy walked from her dorm to the sorority house, wearing a v cut white tee shirt and black leggings. The whole walk, he stomach was tied in knots from nerves and several times she considered turning back and not going. However, she remembered the parties and social life she would have if she just finished the trial and continued to walk.

Chapter 2: The Beginning

Amy reached the door and knocked, Stephanie opened it and said cheerily, "Come in and follow me to the dining room! We are going to start shortly!" Stephanie was wearing a fishnet bodysuit with white bra and panties underneath. Amy was too nervous to respond and followed Stephanie through the house. They once again turned into the dining room and instead of being alone, there was another girl, wearing a skintight black leather bodysuit. She was sitting on a chair at the table. Skintight enough that Amy could see her nipples through the material. The other girl was Asian, about 5'4", had c cup breasts and had a smaller ass than both Stephanie and Amy. Stephanie looked at Amy and said, "This is Elle and she's been in the sorority for about two years now. She joined her freshman year like you are trying to do. Did you find the trial to get in hard Elle?"

Elle spoke in a soft, but sexy voice, "Yeah, they were really hard, especially at the end."

That did not reassure Amy who nervously asked, "So... What are they? What do I have to do?"

Stephanie answered, "In case you couldn't tell by what me and Elle are wearing, these challenges will be sexual. Some will be easy and others will be hard. If you fail three of them, then you aren't allowed to join the sorority or tell anyone about this. These challenges are all possible to complete, so good luck and I'm sure I'll be seeing you later." With that, Stephanie walked out the door, stopping to spank Amy hard once. Once it was just the two of them, Elle turned to Amy and said, "Follow me to my room." Amy, without saying anything, followed Elle out of the room and upstairs, entering the second door on the left. Elle closed the door to the darkened room behind Amy. "Remove all of your clothes."

Amy hesitated for several seconds, then quickly removed her white shirt over her head, leaving her red bra on. Then she peeled off her leggings and revealed that she was wearing red panties as well. "Underwear too? Amy asked. Elle simply nodded. Maddie reached behind her back and undid her bra, letting it fall on top of her other clothes, exposing her B cup tits and small, but hard nipples to the air. Then she reached into her panties and pulled them down by the waist band. Her perfect, shaven simp was exposed to the dark room. She then stepped out of her pile of clothes, covering her nipples and pussy up.

Elle then flipped the lights on, revealing that the two of them were alone in the room. Amy was in roughly the center of the room, on the bare hardwood floor. The walls were light blue and there was a desk in the corner with a chair. In the other corner, there was a large bed, with blankets and pillows on it. In the middle of the room was the only strange part, steel metal rings that hung from the ceiling. Amy stood there wondering what the purpose of being in this room was.

"Spread your legs and uncover. I want to take a look at you." Elle commanded. Amy silently did as was told and put her arms at her sides. Elle moved closer and inspected Amy's tits, feeling each one and pinching the nipples. Amy exhaled sharply after they were pinched as her nipples were always sensitive. Then wordlessly, Elle crouched down on Amy's left side and ran her hand over her ass, feeling it and lifting both cheeks, before dropping them. Elle then moved to Amy's front and examined her pussy. Elle rubbed her hand down Amy's shaven pelvic area, feeling her goosebumps. Amy shivered at her touch. Then Elle traced her finger along Amy's simps small opening. Then, using her one hand, she spread the lips apart, reveling the soft pink and wet flesh of Amy's tight pussy. Releasing the lips, Elle pressed her index finger into the tight moist hole, removing it just as quickly as she had inserted it. Amy's walls had gripped her one finger very tightly, almost squeezing it out. She then tasted Amy's juices.

Elle made a mmmmmhhhhhhh noise as she sucked Amy's juices off of her finger. Amy remained standing still, unsure of what to do. Elle stood up and looked Amy in the eyes. "Sit on the edge of the table and make yourself cum." Elle ordered. Amy walked over to the corner of the room and pushed her bare ass up onto the table. She then laid back, resting her shoulders and head against the wall while her right index finger began to rub her clit. Her left hand fondled her own breasts, occasionally pinching one of her nipples. Elle stood in front of and between Amy's legs watching.

Amy began to breath heavily as she became wetter and wetter. As she continued to rub her clit, the breathing turned to moans. Amy felt herself near orgasm, at which point, she felt her hand get pushed away and Elle's mouth clamp over her small pussy, tongue flicking at her clit. This new stimulation was enough to push her over the edge and Amy cried out, as she came. Elle's tongue pushed between her tight pussy lips and tasted her cum inside of Amy. Elle having sampled Amy's juices and feeling satisfied stood back up and watched Amy lean against the wall in post orgasmic bliss. Amy's cheeks had turned red from the blood rushing to her face and her stomach moved up and down with each one of her breaths.

After enjoying her post-orgasmic bliss Amy sat up on the edge of the table and asked, "Was that it?"

That question made Elle laugh out loud and when she recovered, Elle said, "Not even close. That was only the beginning, now stand up." Amy did as was commanded of her, wanting to find out more about the initiation and join the sorority. Elle had Amy walk up to the bed in the other corner of the room and sit in front of it. Amy did so in the middle and saw Elle approach her with a blindfold and some rope. Elle put the blindfold on Amy then began to tie her arms to the opposite bedposts. Amy found the position new and different but not uncomfortable. Then Amy could hear Elle walking away and open a drawer in the desk before walking back over to her. Then she heard a motor start up, making a buzzing noise fill the room. Amy then felt another rope be tied around her stomach then the blindfold was removed.

Chapter 3: Magic Wand

Amy saw Elle standing there holding a magic wand vibrator, which was plugged into the wall to Amy's right. "You ever used one of these?" Elle asked.

"No." Amy almost whispered then said, "No I haven't." louder for Elle to hear.

With that, Elle gave a knowing smile, "Then I think you'll really enjoy this." Elle then slipped the vibrator's handle in between Amy's stomach and the rope around it, with the ball end on Amy's clit. This caused Amy to immediately gasp, as she had never felt a vibrator this powerful before. Elle stood up and looked down at Amy before saying, "I'll be back in a few minutes. If you do cum try not to make a mess on the floor." Then she stood up and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her. Amy's gasping and heavy breathing had turned into soft quiet moans, as she remained sitting straight up. Amy's moans soon became louder as she felt herself approach orgasm. Normally she would stop using her vibrator and finish with her fingers, however, this wasn't an option in her current situation. The vibrator continued to stimulate her clit.

Amy felt herself be pushed over the edge, "Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" She cried out as she came, feeling her muscles contract, and her white cum began to drip out of her pussy, shaken out by the vibrations. Amy was expecting Elle to come back in after her orgasm, however, it looked like that was not going to be the case, as Amy continued to moan from the powerful vibrations at her pussy. Amy felt her body collapse onto the ground as she felt another orgasm building. Amy called out weakly as she came, more of her white juicy cum coated the vibrator and dripped off of it onto the floor. At this point, Amy had collapsed onto the floor, the vibrator relentlessly stimulating her clit, making her pussy drip juices out of it almost constantly.

Then the door opened and Elle walked in, still wearing her skintight leather bodysuit, now holding a beer bottle and an unopened can. Elle looked at Amy and the puddle that she had made on the floor from her cum and juices. Elle walked over and turned the vibrator off, pulled it out of the rope around Amy's stomach and untied that rope. Amy began to push herself up, still incredibly wet and her simp now red and opened up from the simulation. Amy looked at it, some cum and juices still dripped out slowly, as her breathing slowed to normal. Elle then untied Amy's arms, which slumped down as Amy had never came so many times or so hard before.

Elle then looked at the puddle, then back at Amy before speaking, "It seems you made a mess, so you have to clean it up. Start licking!" Amy was surprised at the command but was afraid to say anything in case it counted as her failing a task and Amy did not want to do so, this early in the night. Amy got down on her hands and knees and began to slurp up the puddle of her own cum. She felt degraded and embarrassed at the position she was in, but started to clean up her mess.

While Amy licked her juices off of the floor, Elle watched the 19-year old's sexy toned ass bob up and down as Amy moved her face to and away from the floor, thinking about what she was going to do next. As she watched and thought, she drank out of her bottle.

Amy had tasted her own cum before. She had been with guys who fucked her, made her cum then had her suck them off. She was not opposed to the taste, but had never seen so much of it before. Amy would bend her head down to lick some of it up before coming up for air and to swallow what she licked up. "One last spot" Elle said, pointing to a small speck of cum near the bed. Amy crawled over to it and bent over to lick it up, exposing her pussy as her ass spread. Elle inserted a finger into the initiates wet pussy. Amy gasped from the sudden intruder in her pussy. Elle's finger was small, but still a surprise.

Chapter 4: Amy Gets a Taste

Elle twisted the finger around inside of Amy, feeling her tight and wet depths. Elle pulled out her finger and inserted it into her own mouth, tasting Amy's juices. "You taste amazing! Stand up and drink this, you earned it." Elle told Amy, who stood up. Elle handed Amy the beer can, which she opened and drank from. "How are you doing?" Elle asked.

Amy sipped her beer and thought for a second, then said, "Good. I think that vibrator made me cum harder than I have before, but it felt really good!"

Elle smiled and said, "You know, I really hope you pass these tests. You seem like a fun person for the sorority."

"Thanks! As weird as this is, you guys seem like fun people." Amy said with a small laugh and a smile.

Elle, still smiling then removed her top, exposing her c cup breasts and brown nipples to Amy. "Most of the girls in the sorority are bi. Let's see if you know how to pleasure a woman." Elle said. Amy, having been with a woman once before and using her knowledge of what women liked, began to caress Elle's small, Asian body, feeling her breasts and nipples. Amy's mouth went for Elle's and Amy pushed the other woman back onto the bed. Amy began to pinch and rub Elle's nipples, making both of them as hard as her own. Elle pulled her mouth away from Amy during this just long enough to let out a sigh of pleasure. Amy then began to feel her way downwards, rubbing her hands over Elle's flat stomach, before reaching her tight black leather pants.

Amy didn't let these get in her way, as she first tried to rub Elle's pussy through them. However, she found that her hand would just slip off of the black leather, so Amy pushed her hand underneath them. The leather was so tight, that Amy had to struggle to get her hand under them, while her other hand freely felt Elle's brown, sexy body. Elle reached down and slid her tight pants down around her ankles, giving Amy free access. Amy looked at Elle's tight brown hole and gave it a lick, tasting the other girl's sweet juices. Elle shuttered at her touch. Amy then inserted two fingers inside of Elle, and felt that they were gripped by her vaginal walls. Amy slowly moved them in and out of Elle, while licking her clit and pinching her nipples with her other hand.

Elle began to gasp and moan from the stimulation. Amy is one of the better girls she had "interviewed" and so far Elle was loving what Amy had to offer. Elle soon found herself too deep in pleasure to care that she was interviewing the other girl. "Make me cum!" Elle whispered to Amy. Amy sped up her fingering, Elle's pussy gripped her fingers tightly and was dripping white cum as Amy's fingers became a blur traveling in and out of Elle. Soon Elle cried out as Amy felt her fingers be squeezed by Elle's orgasm. Her muscles held Amy's fingers in place, not letting them leave.

Chapter 5: The Bottle

When the orgasm subsided, Amy pulled her fingers out of Elle and slurped the cum and juices off, as Elle lay there recovering. Amy wondered what was in store for her next, sipping at her beer. After several minutes Elle sat up, pussy open slightly from her orgasm. Elle drank the rest of her beer from the bottle then she said, "Damn that was amazing! Now we need to see if you can handle a real challenge. Get this bottle in your pussy." Elle motioned at her now empty beer bottle.

Amy's eyes opened in fear. "All the way?" She asked.

Elle nodded and handed her the bottle, standing up and reaching under her bed for a large bottle of lube. She poured a little onto Amy's hand, which she used to lube up the neck of the bottle. Amy then placed the bottle of the floor next to the bed, giving Elle a good view of her, then squatted over it.

Amy rubbed the mouth of the bottle over her wet pussy a few times, spreading her lips open, and getting some lube inside herself. Amy then kneeled down and pushed the bottle into herself using her hands. She moaned loudly as she had not really been penetrated yet tonight. After several minutes, and lots of moans, Amy was able to fit the whole neck of the bottle inside herself. Elle was impressed at how fast Amy's tight snatch was able to fit it.

Amy continued to fuck the bottle for several minutes, making little progress on the wide part of the bottle. Her juices making a solid line from the maximum depth that the bottle entered. Elle motioned for Amy to stand up. "Here, this should help." She said as she squirted more lube over the base of the bottle and then pushed the nozzle container inside Amy's dripping pussy and squirted more lube inside her. Amy gasped at the sensation of the cool lube entering her warm pussy, but soon squatted over the bottle again and pushed. This time the whole neck slipped in with ease and so did some of the wide part. Amy gasped, as she could feel the mouth of the bottle pushing deeper than any guy had ever been.

Amy, however was determined, and wanted to join the sorority. She sat up slightly and then collapsed, vagina first onto the bottle. It sunk deeper inside her, and she moaned loudly. Amy could feel her pussy being stretched outward, more than it ever would by a cock. Amy repeated this process several more times, until the bottle was completely imbedded inside her wet, dripping hole. Amy was covered in sweat, from the many times she had to throw her weight down onto the bottle.

Chapter 6: Stephanie

Elle made Amy stand up, and she did so awkwardly, as she felt more full than ever. Elle then peered through the clear glass into the initiate. Elle could see the mouth of the bottle poking at Amy's cervix, as well as several strands of cum and was impressed that she could take the whole thing. Amy, while having worked herself almost up to an orgasm, too stretched out to enjoy the feeling.
