 by Patricia51 and Linda_S

(Note: This is the third part of our ongoing series. You do not have to have read the previous two installments in this series to enjoy this story. But it WILL make a lot more sense in a hurry if you have read them.)

"Not there! Lower. And for heaven's sake faster."

"Faster? How fast does it need to be?"

"Faster than what you're doing, Pat. I can barely even feel anything. And you're all out of position."

"Linda, show me again where you want me to be."

"Left hand there. Right hand there. A little bit higher.. higher... right there. Okay, now twist and HEAVE."

This time it worked. Lieutenant Linda Shannon of the Sheriff's Department landed flat on her back. Pinning her to the mat at the Regional Police Academy gym was her friend and newest undercover officer Sergeant Pat Gibson. The follow through on the take down maneuver had been executed perfectly. The other woman smiled down at her boss only to almost lose her position when Linda tried to flip her in a surprise move.

"Good, Pat." Linda smiled with pleasure at the failure of her attempt. She slapped the floor twice and Pat got off her, responding to the signal. The two women walked over to the bench where they had deposited their gym bags and sat down. They each opened a bottle of water and relaxed.

"Pat, you're really doing well. I know you think I'm pushing you, but it won't be long until unarmed tactics will be all you have. You are an exceptional shot but in the position you'll be in you won't be able to carry a firearm. Is Mike still teaching you improvised weapons?"

Pat nodded. Her husband, SWAT team commander and former Marine Mike Gibson was not happy about his wife going into a deep undercover narcotics operation. But he accepted it and was doing his best to prepare her.

"Okay then," said Linda. "I'm going to take a shower. You need one too," she pointed out.

The Sergeant leaned her dirty-blonde head next to Linda's dark haired one and whispered. "Is that a recommendation Lieutenant? Or an offer?"

"PAT!" Answered Linda in a strangled voice, torn between indignation and laughter. 

"I know," replied her friend. "We promised to let that weekend be a delightful memory. I couldn't resist it though. I'm headed home. I'll see you tomorrow."

"Okay."

Linda smiled as Pat gathered her things and sprinted for the gym door. Linda herself headed for the showers. She passed the doors to the open bay showers and instead entered one of the private ones reserved for department white-shirts, that is Lieutenants and up. She locked the door, reached into the shower stall, turned on the water and pulled her exercise clothes off. As soon as the water became hot she entered with her shampoo, conditioner and body wash. She closed the stall door and leaned into the water.

Linda mechanically washed while she smiled to herself, remembering that lovely morning two weeks ago. It had been so long since she had awoken in someone's arms. She had lain there just watching Pat sleep, enjoying her soft breathing and the warmth of her body. She had brushed a lock of hair from Pat's face and that movement, gentle as it was, had startled the other woman awake.

Pat had turned her head and smiled at Linda. She reached out with both arms and drew Linda close to her, meeting her lips with a long soft kiss. The kiss deepened and Linda had taken Pat in her arms also. They had tasted each other, letting their tongues explore each other's mouths again while their bodies came together. The kiss had deepened. Pat had pulled Linda's slender body over her shorter, more rounded one. Her hands had clutched Linda's back, then slid down to the cup the firm, taunt cheeks of Linda's ass.

The two women strained against each other. Smooth thighs rubbed each others' womanhood, becoming slick with the juices freely given. Stiff nipple wobbled against stiff nipple. Kisses became quick and fast, pulling at each others lips and taking turns sucking wiggling tongues. Yet even as Linda shifted to bring her wet bush directly against Pat's pussy there was none of the wild need and urgency there had been the night before. They made love like old dear friends, moving more gently than passionately, allowing each other to respond to unspoken directions.

Pat spread her legs and used the bottom of her feet to stroke up and down the sides of Linda's thighs. Linda moved her whole body in a circular motion, letting breasts, stomach and mons all together stimulate Pat. Her wet slit moved up and down, kissing Pat's swollen lips and firmly letting their clits rub one to the other. 

Linda felt her pulse quicken and moved faster against Pat. Still the mood was of gentleness. Almost inaudible moans of pleasure replaced loud cries. Linda watched Pat close her eyes, hold her breath and then let it out in one long gasp as a long shiver overtook her body. Linda herself closed her eyes and felt herself more float away than be swept away as her own orgasm came over her like gentle waves on a shore.  Linda started. She found herself leaning against the back wall of the shower cubicle. One hand was cupping her breasts, allowing the thumb to rapidly flick the nipple. The other hand was buried between her legs. Two fingers parted herself and rubbed up and down in a frantic massage. She ground the heel of her palm against the top of the slit. She pinched her nipple and released a deep groan as she plunged her fingers inside her and brought herself to a shuddering orgasm.

Recovering, Linda finished her shower. She dressed and combed her hair, looking at herself in the mirror. Following that morning She and Pat had decided not to carry their relationship any further. Primarily of course was the fact Linda was now Pat's direct supervisor. Secondly, they found that thought they enjoyed each other in bed their non-sexual attraction was more that of good friends rather than lovers. Finally there was the issue of Mike, Pat's husband and Linda's longtime friend. Still though, Linda thought it had been a lovely weekend. She was still smiling as she left the shower room and made her way down the hallway.

"Errrrr, excuse me Lieutenant?" asked a contralto voice.

Linda turned to look at a young female officer in a cadet's uniform. "Yes?" she smiled.

The young woman hesitated, "Lieutenant is everything all right? I thought I heard a groan or something like that from your shower."

"Oh," replied Linda, refusing to blush. Her eyes swept more closely over the cadet, taking in the blonde hair, blue eyes and nice figure under the uniform. "Had a bit of a muscle pull. Everything's all right. Thank you," Linda looked at the woman's nametag, "Cadet Adams."

Linda walked briskly out to her unmarked car. She drove to the Sheriff's Department and took the stairs up to the second floor annex marked "Narcotics Strike Force". For a moment she savored the sign painted on the window in the door at the end of the area. In large letters it proclaimed "Commanding Officer". Under that in smaller letters it read "LT Shannon." She entered, unlocked the center drawer and took out the folder containing the information developed by the DEA and the State Attorney General's Office. She looked again over the cover developed for SGT Pat Gibson. It was good. She closed her eyes for a moment and said a silent prayer it would be good enough.

Linda sighed, reached for her phone and dialed the extension for SWAT. "Mike I have to talk to you. Can you meet me at Hogan's Alley?"

"Sure Linda, say about in one hour?" responded the deep voice on the other end.

Hogan's Alley was the Academy's combat training range. Mike had held the record until Linda tied it while she and the then SWAT sniper were dating. They still talked there when they needed privacy.

"Hi Mike," called Linda as she saw the SWAT Commander approach.

"Alright Linda, what's up?" Linda walked to Mike and handed him Pat's cover file. He read over the documents and handed the file back.

"Mike, that cover is better than any I have ever done before. I know you're worried about Pat, but god Mike, she's good, maybe the best we've seen for an undercover operation." She walked back to her car and locked the file in the trunk.

"OK, OK, I get the point. I'm worrying too much about her but she is my wife." He hesitated. "And I don't think I could go through it again."

Linda knew he referred to the death of his first wife from cancer. She smiled determinedly. "And I'm pushing her hard, I know. The deal is this: I stop pushing her and you stop trying to coddle her."

Mike hugged his one time lover and still dear friend. "Deal."

As the two senior officers prepared to depart the Academy Superintendent asked them to demonstrate the course to the current cadet class. Neither of them had to be asked twice. Soon a cadet was holding two 50 dollar bills to go to the winner. The course was timed with penalty seconds added for any shooting mistake.

"You first Mike. After all, you're not getting any younger," giggled Linda.

Mike made a face of false anger and drew his S&W Model 1076 40 caliber sidearm. He began the walk down Hogan's Alley. As he moved down the course ,targets would randomly appear: some good guys, some bad guys. The objective was to hit the bad guys only. Linda never seemed to tire of watching how agilely Mike could move for such a big man. She heard Mike call "Clear", the signal he was done. Then came the announcement; 3 minutes 15 seconds, perfect score.

"Damn," thought Linda as she pulled her Browning, "One second off the record."

"I'm not THAT old," yelled Mike in a mock taunt. Linda comically crossed her eyes and stuck her tongue out at Mike's words.

Linda now started her walk. Mike watched closely at the grace with which Linda moved through the course. He knew that grace was not that of a star athlete but came from years of ballet training. Linda called "Clear" and the two friends waited for the announcement; 3 minutes 14 and one half seconds, perfect score.

"Okay!" cheered Mike. "You win this time." Leaning closer he added, "Looks like you have an admirer too." He motioned with his head towards a female cadet. Linda almost blushed as she recognized the cadet from earlier.

As she pocketed her winnings Linda leaned close to Mike. "Mike, I need to ask you something, something important." At his questioning look she plunged on. "Mike, that never bothered you, did it? I mean..." she titled her head towards the female cadet. "It wasn't the reason we broke up, was it?"

"Good golly no, Linda. We simply weren't ready I thought then or still actually. Too much baggage for us both. But it certainly wasn't THAT. Why?"

Linda couldn't bring herself to say anything more. "Just wondered. Thanks for the money," she said as her eyes twinkled.

Mike laughed. "I'm going home and see if I can't get some sympathy there. Bye Linda." He started off and turned. "Take care of her."

"I will."

Linda spent the next few weeks coaching Pat on handling her new identity. She was amazed at how Pat easily responded to her trick question at very inopportune times. Linda also made sure Pat was comfortable with the handling of "works" (a junkies needle, spoon and other items for the use of drugs).

"Ok honey" Linda told Patti, "that's all I can do. Don't worry, I'll always be nearby".

That night Pat and Mike cuddled together on their couch, just enjoying their time together.

Mike broke the silence and said, "Hey, I think Linda has an admirer now." He filled Pat in on the aftermath of the shooting match at the range. "I hope so, she's been lonely for so long."

"You don't mind?" asked Pat, not realizing she was echoing Linda's words from that day.

"No, of course not," her husband replied. "I knew Linda was bi before we dated. I never found it a threat. Not then, certainly not now. I just want her to be happy," Before Pat could respond Mike tipped her head back and looked into her eyes. "You're not jealous of her and I having dated at one time are you? She's my friend, but I love you."

Oh no, I'm not jealous darling," Pat replied. Thoughts of Linda and Liz and even of Joyce filled her head. She took a deep breath. "Mike, I have something important I want to tell you."

What she was going to say was interrupted by a soft knock on the door frame. They both looked to see the two girls looking in. "Dad," Carol, the older daughter said hesitantly, "Can we have a word with Pat?"

"Sure, sweetie," answered her father. "Would you like me to leave?"

"No Dad," the younger Stephanie broke in. "Please stay."

The couple sat up on the couch as the girls approached. Mike slid over to allow Carol and Stephanie to sit on either side of Pat. 

"Pat, we know you're going on an undercover assignment," began Carol. "We thought," she stopped for a second, "We thought we should tell you how proud we are of you, and how happy we've been that you married Dad." Pat took and squeezed Carol's hand. Stephanie took Pat's other hand and did the same. Carol looked at Stephanie for a second, who nodded at her older sister. "We're proud to have two parents who are cops. We lost one mother. PLEASE come home safe to us... Mother." With that the girls fled the room.

Pat turned to Mike, her eyes shinning. "Did you?" She began.

"No," interrupted her husband. "I had no idea and I did nothing to plant that idea. It was all them. But they're right, you come home safe." He paused. "Thank God, Linda is watching out for you. There's no one I trust more. Okay," he said brightly, trying to lighten the mood. "What did you want to tell me?"

Pat found she could not say anything to break the moment. "Nothing, except to tell you I love you."

The following day saw "Pamela Goodwin" move into the same apartment building as Maria, Terry Robert's girlfriend. Not right next door, but on the same floor and conveniently close. The move was timed for when Maria was home and she came out to watch the activity as three brawny men (all plainclothes officers) moved Pat in.

Pat saw Maria watching. She had checked out the guys and then Pat noticed she was inspecting her. Pat looked right at Maria and smiled. The older buxom Maria approached. "Hi there," Pat smiled. "I'm Pamela Goodwin."

"Maria Smith," the other woman replied. looking Pat over carefully with a slight frown of puzzlement. Then her face cleared.

"I know you. Didn't I see you one evening at Regonetti's?" questioned the larger woman. "With your girlfriend I think. Or at least an attractive woman I seem to remember you kissing.

"I DO eat there sometimes," admitted Pat, without any additional mention of companions. "I don't remember seeing you though."

"Well you were quite occupied."

Pat looked over the other woman, carefully taking in her large but firm appearing body. She allowed a touch of frank appraisal enter her scrutiny. "I'm amazed," she admitted. "I can't imagine overlooking someone as attractive as you."

Maria made a face. "I was with my boyfriend. He's rich and knows how to pamper a woman. But being with him rather limits my chances for," she looked knowingly at Pat, "meeting like minded women."

"well," answered Pat. "I assure you, I'm not interested, at least not in your boyfriend." She let a little emphasis creep into her voice on the last word.

Pat sensed she had set the stage enough for a first meeting. She smiled and told Maria, "Nice to have met you. Let me get started putting these things up. I hope to see you again."

"You will I'm sure," replied Maria with an almost predatory look as Pat nodded and entered the apartment, closing the door behind her. Pat took a deep breath and moved to the phone. She knew it was being continually swept for security and called the number she had memorized.

"Contact made," she reported. "all going well."

Beginning the next morning Pat would leave each morning to go to her "job". In case she was ever followed, her cover had arranged for her to be officially employed downtown at a telemarketing company. By arrangement with the owner Pat was assigned to a cubicle in the back. She actually just fussed with papers whenever anyone approached as though she was performing secretarial work. She left the building only for lunch and to go home. She was not allowed any contact with her family.

Over the days Pat attempted to become as visible to Maria as she could without being obvious about it. She often "accidentally" met the other woman at the mailbox or out in the hallway. Maria became more and more enamored of the smaller woman and went to great lengths to impress her. She invited Pat to lunch several times and also had her over for a drink on more than one evening when apparently she was not on call for Terry. Pat was able to remember snippets of information Maria told her and passed them to Linda. 

The only downside to the situation was Maria's unabashed desire for Pat. The redhead took every and any opportunity to touch Pat, sit close to her or make suggestive remarks. Pat tried to play a middle road, flirting enough to keep things going, but not enough to extend an open invitation to her. Finally though, one afternoon Maria stopped Pat in the hallway.

"Pam," she looked at the other woman. "How about tomorrow night we go eat some dinner together and then go clubbing? My treat."

Pat knew it had reached the point where she needed to agree to keep the information conduit open. "Sure, Maria," she smiled at the larger woman. Love to."

"Pick you up at seven then. Wear a nice dress," Maria instructed. "I like my dates to look nice."

"Well, that really put it out in the open," Pat thought. She went into her apartment and made her routine call.

The next night Pat dressed for her "date". She had dated other women before and thought nothing of going out with another woman but she definitely was put off by Maria. She did wear a nice green dress, fixed her hair and makeup and was ready when Maria came to pick her up. Her last glance in the mirror almost made her laugh, she remembered picking out this dress in a long day of shopping with her... daughters Pat thought decisively, not step daughters anymore, and a wildly reluctant Mike. He had protested and moaned and complained the whole day (except at lunch she recalled) but he had been obviously delighted at the bonding she had made with Carol and Stephanie. Sighing, she replied to Maria's impatient call, "Be right there."

Hours latter Pat was exhausted. Who could have thought an evening dinner and dancing could seem like a week? Maria had never stopped acting as though she was showing off her newest toy. She had wrapped her arm around Pat continuously, holding her in a proprietary fashion. She had barely allowed Pat out of her sight even in the ladies room. When they danced she insisted on holding Pat and having her follow her every lead. Wouldn't have been so, Pat thought, if Maria could have danced worth a hoot. Finally Maria announced it was time to head home. Stifling a sigh of relief Pat rode back to the apartment building in the cab Maria had summoned and made it safely to the door of her apartment.

"Thanks for a lovely time Maria," Pat told her.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, you're not telling me its over are you?" purred Maria. She put her arms on either side of the smaller woman. "I would think at least a goodnight kiss is in order." She put her arms around Pat and pulled her almost roughly to her. She bent her head and began to kiss Pat. Almost at once her mouth opened and her tongue began to demand entrance into Pat's mouth. Pat had no choice but to accept the kiss and return it. Whether it was Maria's association with Terry or her calm assurance that Pat would fall right into her arms, Pat realized her attraction to Maria was rather perfunctory. When Maria's hand closed on her breast and began to squeeze it hard Pat seriously considered using Linda's move on her.
