 (This is the latest of our epic I would appreciate any comments you have it the only way we can make you happy with our writing thank you)

It had been 3 months since Pat had been transferred to the Sheriff's Department Training Division.

Pat and Mike anxiously awaited the arrival of their good friend Linda for the Academy's graduation exercises.

"Linda over here." shouted Mike as she entered the auditorium. The three friends hugged each other warmly. 

"God, Pat you look wonderful, you’re hardly showing at all!” Exclaimed Linda. The trio made their way to the seats being held by Carol and Stephanie, Mike's daughters.

Linda whispered to Mike. "Does she have any idea what's going on today?" Smiling, Mike just nodded. The proceeding seemed to drag on; finally, the cadets were called up to receive their diplomas.

The Sheriff than announced that one final award was to be given, and introduced Lt. Shannon to present it. As Linda made her way to the podium Mike grinned like the Cheshire cat, whispering to Pat "How I sure enjoy seeing the top brass having to snap to whenever Linda wears that little medal around her neck."

"I'm going to make this short. I know how much you rookies and one family want to celebrate." announced Linda. "So I would like to present the Department's third highest award for bravery, the Legion of Merit, to a very dear friend and one of the finest Officers I have served with." Letting her voice trail off, before shouting,” Sergeant Patricia Gibson." Lt. Shannon removed the bronze medal hanging from its blue ribbon from the presentation case and as Sgt. Gibson stepped up in front of her the lieutenant pinned it to her left breast pocket, stood at attention and crisply saluted. Linda then stepped aside to allow Sgt. Gibson to bask in her deserved accolades.

The Gibson’s and Linda sat at a smaller table at the graduation party. Linda leaned to Pat and said “Looks like one of your rookies is lost." 

Pat laughed “Officer Adams, she was the honor cadet this year you know. Two seats over here," called Pat.

Officer Adams introduced her mother to the group of senior Officers and soon they were chatting and laughing like old friends. All was going well. Sue Adams was on a cloud being surrounded by two of the departments most decorated and revered Officers. Then she asked Linda about the Medal of Valor. "I prefer not to talk about it," Linda simply said. Sue persisted in asking Linda, even though the senior officer was showing signs of irritation." Let it go rookie you don't need to know." said the annoyed lieutenant. 

"It’s just that it’s awarded so rarely it must have been something spectacular,” blurted out the young Officer. 

"YOU THINK SO." screamed Linda her eyes narrowing.” Let’s hope you never have to live with it!" tossing her napkin to the table the lieutenant stormed towards the bar. 

As Pat stood Mike said "Let her go they will help her." Mike pointed to the 7 remaining officers who were present that night, huddling around Linda.

"Bitch!" said Adams. "I was." 

Mike cut her off, "SIT DOWN, I'll explain, Even with Linda's cover being compromised it should have gone easy," Mike paused. His voice shaking as he remembered the events of that night. "We got all but two; Linda and I chased them into a divided alleyway." "Linda went left, I took the right, I made a mistake not one of you rookies would I could see to the end of the alley and holstered my weapon." taking a deep breath he continued,” next thing I know I'm looking at two goons with guns pointed at me I just knew it was over right than and there." "Than I heard Linda shouting "Police Officer" throw down your weapons and put you hands where I can see them.” They turned with their guns still drawn Linda shot and killed them both." "A bitch, Adams? Hardly. You didn't hold her while she cried and retched after she realized what she had just done."

Linda hanging her head sheepishly returned to the table apologizing to Sue and her mother, turning to Patti her friend's bottom lip quivering as she hugged Linda "Thank you" was all she said.

A few weeks later a soft knock came on the lieutenant's door as Carol Gibson poked her head into her office. "Aunt Linda err, I mean Lieutenant Shannon may I see you please?" 

"Sure honey why so formal?” asked Linda. 

"Linda it's about my boyfriend, he said he got these free at a dance we went to." Carol passed two small pills to the lieutenant. 

"Hmmmm, ecstasy.” Linda carefully tagged the pills as evidence."Aaahh, Carol you did tell Mom and Dad about this didn't you?" handing the young girl a form to sign. Carol shook her head. Linda smiled, "Trust them Carol I do."

The next day found Lieutenant Shannon rummaging thru personnel files of the newest rookie officers. She carefully checked and rechecked the files seeking out a rookie who was; smart, and could think quickly on his or her feet, and finally young enough to interact with high school students as a student teacher. "I take it you're searching for another rookie for your team, Lieutenant." 

Linda's head jerked up to find Captain Saddler standing over her. "Rookies aren't known yet on the streets Captain." She replied.

"Linda while I have you here, you know Captain Edwards is retiring in three months?" Asked the Captain. "Narcotics will be looking for a new division commander." 

"And what does all this have to do with me?" asked Linda, knowing full well what he was getting at. 

“Linda your record is exemplary and you have the respect of every Officer in the department something a division commander needs and besides that you've been recommended."

Linda shook her head and smiled.” I’m a street Officer Captain. Right now I'm happy at just commanding the strike force."

Linda signed for the 2 files, rookie Officers Sue Adams and Josh Crane. She than spoke to the Officer’s field training partners. On her way to her office she stopped to see an old friend her own former field training partner when she was a rookie, now the division's desk sergeant. "Harry what's the word on these two?" Linda quizzed as she brought coffee for them both. 

"Crane's a good man listens well but doesn't think much on his own. This one though." Harry paused taking a sip of his coffee. "Well she kind of reminds me of another rookie come through here, know it all always trying to improve the way things were done real pain in my ass, Ma'am." 

"Thanks Harry have Officer Adams report to my office at end of watch will you please?" "Oh, and Harry. You call me Ma'am again and you'll retire walking a beat." Linda said desperately trying to keep a straight face.

Linda was busy filing reports when Officer Adams knocked on her door. "Come in, Sue. Shut the door behind you and take a seat." ordered Linda. Linda watched as Sue slid into the chair in front of her desk, adjusting her uniform skirt. "Officer Adams I want you to think carefully about what I'm about to ask you to do." The Lieutenant's voice was deadly serious. "What I need is a new face to do some undercover work." She paused a minute, her eyes searching Sue's sparkling blue eyes. "Talk it over with your parents first. I see you still live with them." "Than let me know what you decide.” 

"Yes lieutenant, and thank you." Sue answered. Linda grinned as her eyes were again drawn to the perky young blonde as she left her office.

Two nights later Linda sat watching the news, when the doorbell rang it was Sue Adams. "Excuse the hour but I've made my decision I want to try." said the shapely young officer. 

"Come in." Linda invited. "I was just going to make some tea would you like a cup?" Linda asked her eyes scanning the lovely officer. Sue was about an inch taller than her, with much fuller breasts and hips. Her long blond hair hung neatly in a ponytail, and a set of crystal blue eyes that seemed to draw you helplessly to them. Linda returned with the tea setting the server down on the coffee table. Sue had been checking out old pictures.

"Ballet I see." Sue said in a hauntingly seductive voice. "You look cute there as the Swan Princess." 

"Sue, you can be so annoying at times!" Linda exclaimed. 

Sue smirked "Why? Because I know what I like?" Not giving Linda a chance to answer she pressed her tender lips against Linda's. As she broke the kiss Linda's eyes were transfixed by Sue's sparkling blue one's. Trying to answer Sue again drew Linda's yielding body to hers this time her tongue actively searching the warm depths of Linda's mouth. One arm supporting Linda's back, as her other hand slowly undid the tie wrap of her robe. Linda let out a soft moan as two of Sue's slim fingers gently penetrated her swollen lips. Her knees weakened as Sue curled her fingers into a J, rubbing the smooth spongy mass of tissue on Linda's upper wall. Sue added more pressure as she massaged in and out and from side to side, her thumb circling the older woman's distended clit as Linda's body bent back loud moans of pleasure filling the air. Linda's body seemed to become an extension of Sue's questing fingers surrendering to them till a great wave ripped through her feeling her own sweet nectar running slowly down her thighs leaving her gasping in Sue's arms.

Leading the still trembling Linda to her own bedroom Sue seductively undressed, drawing the smitten woman's face to her firm breasts. Linda gently sucked and licked each, Sue's deep moans urging her on. Linda went to her knees, softly pressing her tongue through the neatly trimmed blonde curls surrounding Sue's aromatic womanhood. Sue's hands on either side of Linda's head guided her tongue as it tenderly ran over her swollen clitoris. Before Linda pointed her tongue wiggling it deeply inside as Sue rolled and thrust her hips out to meet Linda's tongue, sending Sue into a fury of spamming joy. Looking down, Sue could see both the need and hunger that filled Linda's bright green eyes. Linda on the other hand felt a gentle submissive glow only once before been brought out by a woman and never by any man. Now as Sue slipped seductively into the older woman's satin sheeted bed, Linda knelt down softly beside Sue, her warm breath on the gentle curve of Sue's hip. Linda's fingertips and nails teased feather-light over Sue's trim hard body, her tongue caressing the Goosebumps rising on the young woman's flesh. A feeling of love sweeping through her that Linda had not felt in years began to burn into her tummy, spreading out through her as her lips softly covered Sue's in a passionate kiss. Soon soft smooth flesh softly rubbed against the other's freely. Aromatic juices mingled with each other's as the two women became lost in the blissful state that only two women together can know. Moans of pleasure filling the cool night air as they gently caressed and rubbed together. Shivers built and fell between them as suddenly Sue's now lust filled eyes began to roll back into her head, her shuddering orgasm and gasps where all that Linda needed to feel as her own wonderful spasms spread through her. The two women curled up arms and legs intertwined as sleep gently over took them both.

The next morning Linda awoke to find Sue standing there holding a tray filled with sliced fruit and fresh tea. Sitting beside Linda the two laughed and fed each other till it was time to go to work.

The next day Sue was being transformed into Joy Hastings a college senior majoring in teaching. Under Linda's careful eye, Sue dressed conservatively enough not to draw suspicions from the faculty or parents but just sexy enough to hold the boys interests.

Joy began to teach her classes warming to the boys, it had been rumored had been involved with the free distribution and then sale of the drugs. Sue's charm and self-assured nature soon had her easily making purchases from the group. Within weeks she had wrangled one of the boys into allowing her to buy enough for her "sorority sisters".

Going to the apartment, she called Linda telling her this weekend to review the tapes of her wire. And what she was able to find out about the drop off of a new shipment this Monday.

It was a bright Saturday morning when Sue brought her evidence to Linda's home. Sue also had noticed the way Linda had submitted to her previously sexually. The shapely Officer had packed a very special outfit just for Linda.

Sue knocked on Linda's door. The Lieutenant let her in, taking the files and envelopes of tagged pills and recording tapes Sue had made from her wire. "Linda I'm going to change while you check my files.” smiled the stunning young officer. As Sue changed in the bathroom an instant of fear gripped her, what if she was mistaken? Linda was easily the best woman in martial arts in the department. shaking her head she had gone to far now as she checked her red lipstick, adjusted her soft black leather halter top and hot pants set, and finally the 4 inch black heels accenting her long shapely legs showing the firm muscle tone.

Nodding to her in the mirror Sue lastly picked up Linda's silver backed hairbrush holding it in her hands as she quietly walked down the stairs to the small den where she had left Linda reading and listening to her files and tapes.” Fantastic work," complimented Linda, without bothering to look around as she heard Sue approaching behind her. "Linda, we need to talk about your attitude,” Sue said. 

"What are you........Linda went suddenly silent as she turned to see Sue standing over her.

"You were very rude at the graduation party Linda weren't you?"  Linda bowed her head softly replying "yes." 

"YES WHAT?" hissed Sue.” And get undressed." 

"Yes, Miss!" replied Linda. As she slowly removed her tight jeans and tank top standing and wiggling out of her panties. Sue sat in a soft high-backed chair, Linda shivered as she lay over Sue's lap. It had been ages since this had been done to Linda; she also sensed the need in Sue too, as she lay over her thighs. Sue's hand gently caressed Linda's firm cheeks before placing her palm on the small of her back. SMACK! Linda jumped with a start as she felt the hairbrush sting her cheeks. Sue raised the brush again bringing it down on Linda's other cheek feeling her wiggle under her. This time Linda moaned, and Sue felt a sticky wetness on her thigh. Linda's moans grew in intensity as the blows from the brush turned her cheeks from pink to bright red, Sue felt Linda's body tighten than a warm rush over her thigh as she realized Linda was cumming. Linda faced Sue her eyes puffed and moist, her soft voice trembling with lust as she spoke.” Sue you are only the second person to ever make me feel like this.” Sue hugged the panting older woman tightly felling Linda's heart pounding against her breasts as they shared one of the most intimate of kisses.

"Linda what is it?” Asked Sue startled by Linda's response to her spanking. 

"Sue it wasn't just the spanking, Where do I start?" a shaking Linda held Sue tightly to her. Explaining her one and only previous love besides her exhusband. Becky was Sue's complete opposite Sue's peaches and cream complexion in complete contrast to Becky's dark ebony skin. But both women held the same strange power over her heart and mind. No one not even Mike knew of Becky. 

"Where is she now?" asked Sue. Getting dressed Linda drove Sue to a small church cemetery. 

"Becky was shot and killed by a drug dealer when I was a rookie." 

"And Mike and Patti where do they fit into you life?" 

"Nothing more than very good friends. Oh, we've had sex and I enjoyed it with both of them alone and together." was Linda's response. Linda and Sue spent the rest of the night and some of the next morning as Linda poured out her heart to Sue.

"Sue I have only really ever loved one other person in my life that was Becky.” Tears now rolling freely down Linda's cheeks as she added "And now there is you." Sue and Linda spent Sunday night together both had suddenly fallen deeply in love there was no more unresolved feeling only the warmth of their kisses and hugs till the loud buzz of the alarm jolted them back to their waking thoughts. That day Sue and the rest of the Narcotics strike force donned their vests and bright blue Jackets with the words "Narcotics Squad" emblazoned on the back in large yellow letters. Linda herself inspected their weapons. "Buy an automatic it could save you life." Linda told Sue coldly.

They waited patiently as one by one the student dealers got their supplies and as they left were snatch up by the waiting officers. "Some people just don't learn." remarked Linda to Sue as a large woman began to close her trunk. Linda stealthfuly moved behind the woman. "Hello Marie, you're just having one of those day's." As the woman lashed out at Linda. The Lieutenant easily blocked her punch and brought the larger woman to her knees in a painful Aikido hold, than handcuffed her. 

Sue Yelled "GUN!!" Linda turned to see a boy with a pistol in his hand. Linda drew her Browning, Sue and she blocked the two possible escape routes he had from the school. 

"Drop the weapon!" shouted Linda. "Don't do this son just put the gun down." As Linda spoke from the corner of her eye she spotted two girls leaving the school building. She quickly moved to the side stepping between the boy and the students. The startled boy fired. A split second later Sue discharged her service revolver. The boy staggered back into a small alcove. 

"What do we do lieutenant? Asked Sue. Turning to see Linda laying on the schoolyard a crimson stain now spreading over her blouse.

Pat Gibson was on her way to pick up her daughters. They had begged to go with her for her check up, when the dispatcher's voice crackled over the radio, "All units stand by. Shots fired. Officer down at the high school SWAT One respond code 3." 

Pat floored her cruiser hitting its strobes and siren. She would be on scene in less than two minutes. As she entered the yard she pulled her car between the fallen officer and where she saw some of the strike team holding at. "Sue tell them to contain only wait for SWAT." She ordered. "Than get back here and help me with Linda!"

Punching up Mike’s cell phone; "Mike, its Linda she's down." 

"Six minutes." said Mike his voice cracking. 

"1L20 to dispatch where's that paramedic?" 

"ETA 2 minutes. All units, Sgt. Gibson is ranking officer at scene."  Sue held her lover's hand and softly cried. At that moment Linda groaned regaining her senses. "Sue, the kids?" 

"Their ok lieutenant." 

"What's happening?” choked Linda.

"Don't try to talk Linda." Pat said in a soft comforting voice. "The strike force has the suspect contained, the paramedics are almost here, and so is swat."

The paramedics arrived checking Linda, as the SWAT Team quickly reinforced the members of the strike force. Pat reported to her husband. Than she and Sue took 2 units and played leap frog clearing the way for the ambulance carrying their friend.

About an hour later Mike and most of the SWAT and narcotics teams burst into the waiting room. He looked quickly around and saw his wife and Sue.

"She's in surgery Mike." called Pat as she hugged the sobbing rookie officer.

Mike paced anxiously back and forth stopping only once to punch the wall. His voice trembled with emotion as he spoke. "She'll be ok she's a strong woman you'll see." His words equally trying to convince himself as much as comfort those gathered there.

Suddenly the doors opened as a tired looking salt and peppered haired woman entered in scrubs. "Relax she's going to be fine the bullet missed all her vital organs." A collective cheer came from the officers assembled there as they took turns hugging the doctor. "Here lieutenant you'll need this we found it in the back of her vest." explained the doctor as she prepared to leave.

Mike clenched the bullet in his fist. Turning to the others. "It's a Black Talon."
