 It had been a sordid start to the night, even by our standards. The sisters' hands were trembling as they sat gingerly down at the table, both of them surely hyper-aware that they were sitting in an upmarket restaurant with hard plastic objects inserted up their assholes: objects that they had just shared with their sister, with all that entailed.

It was ironic, therefore, that what I wanted next from the evening was something far softer, yet almost certainly far harder to achieve. And yet that near impossibility was what drove my desire: the need for me to push them both so far beyond their comfort zones, while thrilling them with an intensity that neither could ever have experienced before. I understood that Jane and Anne had feelings that matched mine, that they found scarcely believable excitement by allowing themselves to be used in the most extreme ways that I could devise. They still had limits - reasonable, rational limits - but I was determined to break them.

+++

The hotel suite had possibly the largest bed I had ever seen. I poured us some more champagne, indicated that Jane and Anne should sit on the edge of the bed, and sat myself down in a chair facing them.

"That was incredible," I said, tossing my phone over to them. Without needing to be told, they scrolled through the extraordinary obscene pictures that they had taken in the restroom cubicles. Sitting on the bed, their shoulders almost touching, their eyes scanned the images of their asses spread wide and filled with the butt plug and beads. Their faces showed little reaction, although I was pleased to see that Jane's long nipples were poking at the black material of her dress.

"You're a pervert," said Anne simply.

"I think we know we all are," I replied. "Which is pretty damn wonderful for all of us, don't you think?"

"I can't even tell whose is whose!" Jane commented. It was a delightful detail that, for all their physical and temperamental differences, both sisters were blessed by similarly fabulous asses.

"Ever done anything like that before?" I asked. "Maybe some time one of you helped the other out in a moment of need? 'Here, have mine' kind of thing?"

Anne blushed deeply. "Never like that."

"But something like that, maybe?"

Anne looked sideways at Jane, as if she was wondering whether to disclose a secret. "When I was at college and not getting any action, Jane gave me a vibe. Told me she'd never found much use for it. I never did that with it, that's for sure," she added, pointing at a photo of the butt plug in her asshole.

"How did that feel?" I asked. "Using your sister's vibe."

"I'd only ever used it once or twice," Jane interjected. "I never got the hang of it."

"You'd had it in your pussy, and then you gave it to Anne for her to put in hers. That must have felt weird."

"Maybe," Jane replied. "I think I liked the idea of getting her a bit more grown-up. You know, big sister corrupting her annoying little brat of a little sister."

"What about you, Anne? When you used it for the first time, how did it feel knowing that it had already been in Jane's pussy?"

Anne blushed again. "A little dirty, I suppose. I tried not to think about it."

"Did you use it a lot?" I asked. Anne nodded. "Did you cum a lot, fucking yourself with your big sister's vibe?" She nodded. "Did you ever use it again, Jane?" I asked.

It was Jane's turn to blush. "One time I was staying with her. She knew I'd been having a quiet time, so just before I went to bed she gave it to me."

"Did you think about the fact it had been up Anne's cunt while you were touching yourself, Jane?"

"Maybe a little," Jane conceded sheepishly. "It gave it a bit of an edge."

"Jesus, Jane, you're such a slut," Anne commented quietly.

"Take your dress off and show us how you masturbate with a vibe," I said, pulling one out of a drawer and throwing it over to her.

Jane caught the slim plastic toy easily. A year ago the whole scenario would have filled her with indignation and rage. Now she simply slipped the dress to her ankles, moved back fully on the bed in just her bra, panties, garter belt and stockings, and lay back.

She turned the vibe on to a low setting, and started to rub the tip up and down the crotch of her panties. Anne remained sitting on the edge of the bed, but her eyes were fixed on her sister's lewd performance.

Jane slipped one hand inside her bra, and began to play with her nipples. I knew how important it was for her to have them roughly stimulated.

"Did you ever masturbate together?" I asked. Anne shook her head, while Jane continued to tease the outside of her panties with the vibe. "Is it good to have Anne watching you now, Jane?"

"I don't know," Jane replied, still concentrating on her self-pleasure. "I'm feeling pretty good, as you can see. Feels good with those damn beads up my butt, too."

"Would you like Anne to masturbate too, Jane?" I asked.

"Sure, why not? The more the merrier."

"Anne, do you want to masturbate with Jane?" The hungry look on Anne's face told me her answer. I tossed a second vibe over to her. She quickly shrugged off her blouse and skirt, and lay on the bed beside her sister.

It was an enthralling sight, the two women lying next to each other on the bed, their legs opened towards me, both of them engaged in the normally private act of self-pleasure.

"Take each other's bras off," I ordered. "We know how your breasts always need lots of attention." There was a brief pause, as they each interrupted their play. "Anne, you first, take off Jane's bra."

Anne looked at me. This was it, we were finally getting to the point. No matter what had happened in the past, it had always essentially been me and one of them. There might have been hundreds of times in the past when the sisters would have helped each other to dress and undress, but this time it felt completely different.

Anne glanced down at her sister. She knew she was free to do as she chose: the compulsion that had cemented our relationship at the start was gone, and she could leave at any moment. And yet throughout our time together there had always been that unspoken element that I was sure had been in their minds, that delicious thrill they got from the intimate proximity of their sister.

Anne wanted to bare Jane's breasts, I was sure, she wanted to reach under her sister's prostate body, unclip the bra, lift it away and expose those fabulous nipples to our sight. And then she wanted Jane to do the same for her, for her sister to gently remove her bra and let it drop, feeling her nipples swell as her sister freed her full round breasts.

Anne reached under Jane, who arched her back obligingly. There was a moment's awkward fumbling, and then the bra was loose and Anne pulled it onto the bed. "There you go, sis," she said quietly.

"Now Anne," I said. Jane sat up, and climbed around behind her sister. She carefully unhooked Anne's bra and pulled it off her shoulders.

"Face each other," I said. They both half-turned so that they were kneeling on the bed, face to face, Jane in her panties and lingerie, Anne in only the red thong. The atmosphere was silent, charged.

"You both have such beautiful breasts," I said softly. "So different, both so beautiful. I love the contrast, it's perfect. You must have thought, sometimes, what it would be like to be the other. What it must feel like to have Jane's long sensitive nipples. To cup Anne's full soft breasts in your hand." They both nodded, eyes fixed tenderly on their sister's breasts. "You can," I whispered, "you can."

Jane pushed her chest forward slightly, an almost involuntary invitation. Anne raised her hands, then waited, still not quite able to cross such a forbidden barrier.

"Go on," whispered Jane, "I want you to."

Anne gently rested her fingers on Jane's small breasts, her fingers splayed around the long hard brown nipples.

"Touch them, Anne, touch them," Jane said. Anne narrowed her fingers, so she was sliding them around Jane's nipples.

"Does it feel good?" I asked. Jane nodded, and Anne too.

"Play with them more," Jane pleaded. "You know I like it like that." Anne moved her fingers to hold each of Jane's nipples between a thumb and forefinger, and began to gently tweak them. "Yesss," Jane hissed.

"Do you want Jane to feel your breasts, Anne?" I asked. Anne nodded. "Jane?"

Jane reached up, and tenderly cupped her sister's full breasts in both her hands. She slowly touched where they hung down, understanding - in contrast to so many men - that often the most erotic place to be touched is not the most obvious one. Anne's nipples swelled and filled in response to the gentle contact.

The sisters were now facing each other on the bed, half-naked, slowly fondling each other's breasts. There was, in fact, something genuinely exploratory about it; they may often have been curious about each other's bodies, and how the differences would actually feel. But there was also an intensity, an inescapable sense of sexual excitement.

Jane lent in closer, and her pencil-like nipples brushed against Anne's breasts. I was sure Jane knew just how exciting her nipples were for other people, and was using them to draw Anne further in. Anne responded by pushing her own breasts forward, and the sisters were now close to each other, softly rubbing and feeling each other's bare breasts.

They continued for several minutes, locked together in an almost innocent moment. Although I was nominally in control of the situation, I had always wanted this happening to be as natural and voluntary as possible. Whilst the two sisters enjoyed being forced into new sexual situations, it seemed that it would be far more erotic for all three of us if they found the desire to overcome their reluctance from within.

Sure enough, Jane's hands eventually left her sister's breasts and slid around her back, sliding carefully up and down. It seemed like the sort of tentative move that a shy or inexperienced lover would make, wanting to explore further down, but apprehensive as to how it might be received. For her part Anne was still busy on Jane's nipples, twisting and pulling them this way and that, clearly enjoying the sensation of their taut fullness in her fingers.

Slowly, ever so slowly, Jane's hands circled ever lower down Anne's back. I could only imagine how she was feeling, desiring to touch her sister's ass, wanting to hold those round soft white cheeks, but nervous about taking the next step.

Jane's hands passed over the waistband of Anne's red thong, almost inadvertently, or so it seemed. When her sister didn't pull away, she cupped Anne's ass cheeks, and began to caress them. This seemed to awaken in Anne a realisation that there were other parts of her sister to explore, and she finally released Jane's nipples and began to knead Jane's ass.

Their bodies were so close together now, touching almost tip to toe, that I thought they might kiss. I certainly wanted it more than anything in the world, to see these two strong, fractious siblings bringing their mouths together in a full embrace. But it was also, strangely, the hardest thing, the unavoidably sexual act of lovers, and so for the moment it was impossible. Instead Jane rested her face on the line of Anne's shoulder, her lips making the faintest contact with her sister's flesh.

But the sensation of caressing each other's asses, and the close proximity of their bodies, created its own momentum, and almost without thinking Jane moved her face down and began kissing Anne's breasts. "You have such beautiful breasts, Anne," she whispered, her mouth moving all over them, avoiding Anne's nipples in a way that must have been sweet torture for the younger sister.

"Oh fuck, that feels so good, Jane," Anne murmured. She pushed her chest forward, willing Jane to enjoy her tits. Finally Jane's mouth brushed Anne's nipple; Anne groaned her desire for more, and Jane responded by eagerly sucking on her sister's tit. Anne grabbed her sister's ass cheeks more fully, kneading them and separating them, revealing for the first time the string of the beads that were still firmly implanted up Jane's asshole. Encountering the string by chance, Anne tugged lightly on it, causing Jane to mutter "fuck, yeah," in response.

Until now both women could pretend to themselves that they were indulging in a slightly strange display of mutual exploration, that for my benefit they were playing a game, with no genuine sexual interest in each other. But now the attraction and excitement that had been latent ever since I first forced Jane to talk about Anne all those months ago boiled over. The two sisters wanted to fuck each other, and they wanted to fuck each other bad.

"You like those beads up you, don't you sis?" Anne goaded her sister, teasing the string again.

"Least I don't have a fat butt plug in my ass," Jane retorted, twisting the handle of the plug in Anne's asshole. "You always were the greedy one."

"Jesus that feels good on my tits," Anne said. "You sure know what you're doing. And keep twisting that thing in my butt. You know how good it feels."

There was no tentativeness now, Jane was frantically sucking and kissing Anne's tits while her hands were busy between Anne's ass cheeks, manipulating the plug this way and that, stretching and pulling her sister's asshole.

"You want me to do your nipples, Jane?" Anne asked. 

"You know I do."

Anne pushed Jane back flat on the bed, and crawled over her on all fours, her ass towards me, the handle of the plug poking obscenely out of her ass. She kissed busily around Jane's tits, before chewing hard on her nipples. "You like it rough, don't you sis?" she asked.

"Bite them," Jane urged. "Bite them harder."

"Dirty bitch," Anne commented, chewing viciously on her sister's tits. Jane lifted her hands to hold Anne's hanging breasts, pulling and twisting them roughly. Clearly both sisters shared a love of hard tit play.

They pleasured each other's tits in this coarse way for some time, once again totally lost in their private mutual passion. But the momentum was unstoppable, and when Anne moved down Jane's body to kiss her belly, it prompted Jane to urge her sister on more.

"You gonna do it, sis?" she asked.

"Do what?" Anne replied, faux-enquiringly.

"You know what. You know you want to."

"You fucking want it then? That's what you want, sis?"

"Jesus, yes."

"Beg me then. You want it so bad, Jane, beg me to do it."

"Please."

"Beg me properly. You're such a slut you know you can." I was excited to hear the way Anne had adopted my own form of cruel teasing.

"Jesus, Anne, just do it, go down on me, please."

"You can do better than that, Jane, you know you can." Anne moved back up to Jane's breasts, forcing the elder woman to make her needs brutally explicit.

"Christ, Anne, please, lick my pussy."

"You want little sis to lick big sister's pussy?"

"Jesus, how can you be such a bitch? Yes I do, I do."

"Then say it. You want it so bad, say it properly."

Jane thrust her head back in shame and excitement. "I want my little sister to lick my pussy."

Anne traced a line with her tongue down Jane's belly. I thought perhaps she might have paused at this step, that she might have had to gather her courage before going further. But she tugged the crotch of Jane's panties to one side, and brought her mouth straight down onto Jane's pussy.

"Fuck, yes," Jane screamed, her body bucking as she felt her sister's mouth on her cunt. She grabbed hold of her own nipples, twisting them hard to increase the sensations running through her.

Anne could probably have made Jane cum in a minute straight, but she had completely surrendered to the passions burning through her, and she wasn't going to make things simple for Jane. She turned and straddled Jane's body so that they were top to toe, ready to sixty-nine each other. "You'd better lick my pussy too, then, bitch."

Jane shook her head, trying to get away from her sister's pussy just inches above her face. "No way, Anne, I can't, I just can't."

"You always were a selfish bitch, Jane," Anne replied, interrupting her licking. "You want me to lick you out, you won't do the same for me?" Anne reached under her own body, slipped the thong down a couple of inches, and stroked her wet pussy lips directly above Jane's eyes. "Lick me, Jane, I want us both to lick each other's pussies, I want to lick your pussy and I want you to lick mine." She lowered herself so that her cunt was inches above her sister's face, and gently teased Jane's clit with her tongue. "Please, sis, it would feel so good for both of us, you know it would."

Anne began working Jane's pussy properly again, and that was perhaps what tipped the balance; the sensations that her younger sister was creating between her legs lifted Jane's excitement to the point where all she wanted, despite so much of her mind telling her that it was wrong, utterly wrong, was to kiss and taste Anne's body and make her feel as good as well. Jane reached for Anne's ass, pulled her sister's body towards her, and brushed Anne's cunt with her mouth.

"Oh fuck, Jane, fuck," Anne mumbled, and Jane began to work her sister's cunt with pure devotion and excitement.

They kissed each other's cunts almost silently, their minds alternating between the pleasure they were feeling between the legs, and the equal but different thrill from the taste and sensation of kissing and licking their sister's wet soft cunt flesh. It was Jane who began to break first, her pelvis thrusting up towards her sister's mouth. Anne continued to work Jane's pussy, but encouraged by the effect she was having she too began to grind down onto Jane's face.

It was an extraordinary sight, first Jane then quickly Anne cumming, their bodies shaking as they tenderly and passionately brought each other off with their mouths.

Anne slumped over onto the bed. For a while there was almost total silence, broken only by the heavy breathing of the two sisters as they recovered. I might as well not have been there, which was just how I wanted it, for the moment. I had been privileged to witness something utterly special, and I had no intention of breaking the spell.

"You okay, sis?" Anne asked eventually.

Jane nodded her head. "Uhuh. Pretty damn good, actually. You?"

"Yeah. That was...incredible."

"In every way," Jane said. "You felt so good."

"Mmm. You mean my mouth, or my pussy?"

"Both," Jane replied. "Slut."

"Ha. Takes one to know one."

"Well if that's what it feels like to be a slut, I've no regrets."

"Me neither. You sure?"

"Sure. I mean, I know it was bad, but, Jesus, I've never felt anything like that. Never."

The two sisters were still lying where they had collapsed, head to toe on the bed. Anne began to gently stroke her sister's thighs, teasing around the top of her stockings. "Doesn't have to stop there."

"No. I know. I mean I know we shouldn't. Christ, Anne, you're my sister." Jane began stroking Anne's ass. "But I guess I've known since this whole crazy game started that part of me wanted this. It was too fucking hot." Jane sat up, and bent over her sister's face. "I want to kiss you."

"Fuck, yes." Anne lifted her head, and their faces met. The kiss was tentative at first, but soon their mouths were locked in a frantic embrace. I could see that they were thoroughly exploring each other's mouths, the lips opening and closing, while their hands roamed freely over their half naked bodies.

Eventually they broke for air. "Still feels good," Jane commented. Anne nodded her agreement.

Jane looked over at me. It was the first time for a long while they had paid me any attention. "You enjoy the show, pervert?"

I nodded. I still felt that the time wasn't right for me to be involved, that the two women had more to explore on their own. "You're both beautiful," I said simply.
