 And so there I found myself in her bedroom, kneeling between her bare legs as she sat upon her bed, kissing my way up and down her thigh. She ran her fingers through my hair, her breathing peppered with surprised gasps here and there as I licked and nipped at the smooth skin of her inner thigh.

Inches away from my face was her pussy, waxed completely so that her lips shined temptingly with her moisture. I took a deep breath, inhaling her scent, clean and irresistibly sexy. Dipping a finger inside her, she would slide it up and around her swollen clitoris, moaning in pleasure as she did so.

I kissed my way up her thigh, nipping at the sensitive skin just a little before licking it to soothe it. I looked up into her eyes, their emerald green depths now barely visible through her heavy lidded pleasure.

"I want to see you fuck yourself," I whispered. "I want to see you come."

She smiled then, a small, sultry smile. She took her hand out of my hair, teasing my breasts, tweaking the nipples. "Don't you want to fuck me?" she asked, the hand at her pussy making mad circles around her clitoris.

I closed my eyes, moaning as her hand tweaked my nipple, rolling it in her fingers. I shuddered, so unused to my breasts being as sensitive as they were when she touched them. "Oh god yes I want to fuck you," I managed to say, "but I want to see you come first."

"Then help me," she commanded, grabbing hold of my arm. She placed my hand on her slit which was slippery with her juice. I licked my lips as I moistened my finger at her opening, breathing in the clean scent of her sex. I slipped my middle finger into her, taking care to go slowly at first, afraid I might hurt her. A thrill filled me as I realized she was more than ready to welcome my intrusion, her pussy hot and wet around my finger.

As I slid my finger in and out of her, her eyes slid shut and she let out the sexiest moan imaginable, deep within her throat. Bringing her hand back to herself, she worked at her clitoris with both hands, one spreading her lips apart, the other still rhythmically stroking her wet little nub.

"More," she managed to gasp a few moments later and I willingly obliged by slipping another finger into her, making a come hither that tickled her g-spot. "Mm..." she said, losing herself in ecstasy as she humped eagerly against my hand, growing more excited by the second.

My own pussy was soaking; I could feel it start to drip down my thigh. Unable to help myself, I reached down and fingered my own clit. Oh gods, the sweet relief that flooded over me as I touched myself! I could not help but moan loudly, catching her attention.

"Make us both come, Lily," she said, half a groan and half a purr. Her green eyes, already half lidded with pleasure, burned into me like hot green flame. "Come with me, sweetie," she begged, her hands furiously working at her clit. "Come when you feel me come."

This only spurred me on more and I plunged three of my fingers deep into her pussy. She gasped, not expecting the further intrusion. I nearly stopped, aghast that I'd hurt her but was met by a furious, almost bestial growl as she rammed herself down on my hand.

I'd never seen anything as beautiful as this woman in the throes of ecstasy as she humped herself against my hand. I wanted to take my hand from her pussy, hold her down and grind our bodies together, clit against clit, breast against breast. I wanted to kiss her wet pussy, lap up her honey as she did the same to me.

We had all night, I reminded myself. This was just the beginning. The first orgasm of many, I promised as I pumped my fingers in and out of her. Her rhythm against my hand, once controlled, was growing faster and more frantic by each passing second. Her groans grew louder and more animalistic as she grew even wetter around my fingers, her pussy tightening around my fingers.

I could feel my own heart race as I frantically worked at my own pussy, a slow, steady stream of moisture slipping down my thigh. "Cassie..." I gasped out her name. "Cassie, oh god..." I heard parts of my name lost in her moans. God she was beautiful as she rocked on my hand. "Cassie..." I managed to gasp, feeling myself over the head. "Baby, I'm gonna come... Come for me Cassie... come..."

Her rhythm peaked and suddenly, she stopped and just shuddered. I felt her clench around my fingers, her pussy rhythm and pulsing uncontrollably as she gasped out my name, her body spasming in ecstasy. I too lost myself, feeling my climax wash over me.

Unable to stop myself, I took my hand from her slit and before she could protest, rammed my tongue inside where my hand once was, tasting her, drinking her greedily. She screamed in pleasure and I felt her hands around my head, holding me to her, urging me on though I needed no encouragement. I slipped from her pussy to her clit and back again, pausing to suck on her little nub as she screamed. She might have called my name. She might have cold someone else's. I didn't know, I didn't care. I just wanted to make her come, again and again and drink her sweetness as she came.

I ate her until she came not once but twice more. Only after that did I stop. She laid back and I moved up on the bed to join her. Her eyes closed, she could not help but let out an exhausted giggle as she licked herself off of my face.