 "Ahh... ahh..." She sneezed explosively, making her two friends start away from her on the couch and giggle.

"Jeez, Alex, warn us next time," Sophia said, grinning. Alex rubbed the back of her neck, a little embarrassed. 

"Sorry, but you've been tickling my face with those brushes for an hour. It's been building up." She reached up to wipe at her nose with the back of her hand, and both her friends let out exclamations of dismay, grabbing her arms. "What?"

"Use a Kleenex!" Victoria plucked a tissue from the box on the coffee table, using it to clean the base of Alex's nose.

"Oh." Alex's embarrassment grew, a soft flush blooming in her tanned cheeks. "See, this is why I need you and Sophie. I grew up with four brothers and a dad, nobody taught me this stuff."

"Aww." Sophia rubbed Alex's arm. "We would have helped sooner, we just thought you wanted to be a tomboy."

"I mean, I'm fine with it." Alex shrugged. "It just makes it hard to find a boyfriend when you look like a guy."

"Makes it easier to find a girlfriend, though," Victoria giggled. "You make the cutest boy." Alex's blush deepened. More than once, a girl making friendly conversation had turned out to be flirting with who they thought was a feminine guy. Not all of them had been put off by the truth, either.

"Not to say you aren't cute as a girl too," Sophia added, picking up the hand mirror and holding it in front of Alex. "Like, damn."

Alex stared at herself. She had to admit, she did look... cute. They hadn't been able to do much with her short black hair beyond tease it into something approaching a feminine style, but the makeup and clothes had transformed her from a rough, outdoorsy tomboy to an adorable, blushing girl. Her breasts would be generously described as petite, but she had a nice ass, and the dress was strategically chosen to conceal what wasn't actually there and highlight her lean, athletic curves. "Wow. Is there any more you need to do?"

"Well..." Victoria met her girlfriend's gaze, eyes sparkling with mischief as Alex checked herself out in the mirror. "We were thinking that we should show you how to act girly, too."

"Oh, yeah, sure," Alex said distractedly, trying to slick down a stray hair. "What did you have in mmph-" Her eyes went wide as Victoria cupped her cheeks and leaned in, kissing her mid-sentence. She sat there frozen, her world reduced to the shock of warm lips against her mouth. Victoria pulled back a few inches, staring into Alex's brown eyes, a smile playing over her face.

"We were thinking you should learn how to kiss like a girl."

"Uh," Alex managed intelligently.

Sophia murmured into Alex's ear from the other side. "We saw you making out with that one guy, Tony whatever, and well, you were, shall we say..."

"Inexperienced," Victoria finished. "And you wanted to be more girly, right? What's more girly than kissing girls?" She let out a soft laugh, her eyes sparkling.

Alex just stared. This had taken a very sharp turn, albeit one that had some warning signs. She probably should have guessed something was up when they had been so 'indecisive' on her underwear and stayed in the room when she changed dresses. It was very hard to think with Sophia's hot breath tickling her ear and Victoria pressed up against her, lips only inches away. It wasn't like she was totally straight - she had come to terms with the fact that she was at least a little bi - but she had no idea how to react to two of her friends proposing to make out with her. 

Going along with it seemed easiest.

"A-Alright," Alex mumbled, and Victoria smiled, closing the distance between them again. Her heart pounded as Sophia took her left hand, intertwining their fingers as Victoria did the same with her right, both of them giving a reassuring squeeze. Victoria deepened the kiss, growing more passionate, pushing her tongue into Alex's mouth and exploring as tiny noises escaped from between their lips. Victoria broke away to take a breath and re-position herself, shuffling onto Alex's lap and straddling her thighs, leaning in to continue the string of kisses. Sophia nuzzled closer, brushing her lips along the curve of Alex's neck as her girlfriend showed their friend exactly how she should be kissing.

Victoria pulled away after a few minutes, a little out of breath, a tiny strand of saliva stretching between their lips. "I hope you've been paying attention. Time to try on Sophie."

Alex turned to find Sophia staring at her, lips puckered up, her eyes begging for a kiss. She swallowed hard, hesitantly leaning in. It was a much different experience to give rather than passively receive, and she was very aware of the fact that this is my friend, oh God, what am I doing and why does it feel so right?

Soft noises escaped their locked lips as Alex tentatively pressed her tongue forward and had Sophia eagerly grant it access, letting her friend taste the sweetness of her mouth. Despite her impromptu lesson, Alex was still an inexperienced kisser, and Sophia brought her free hand up to weave her fingers in her friend's short hair, guiding her lips. Victoria moved to nibbling and nipping at the sensitive skin of Alex's neck, sliding a hand over her body, feeling up her lean curves. Alex gasped and squirmed underneath her, and Sophia continued to trade hot, increasingly messy kisses with her, gently directing her mouth.

"You know, there's a lot more we could teach you about being girly," Victoria murmured in her ear, trailing her nails across Alex's toned stomach.

"Like how to act when you're with a man," Sophia said breathlessly between kisses. "Victoria's pretty good with a strap-on..."

"She's not half bad herself." Victoria's voice dropped to a sultry whisper. "We could show you how to moan just right..."

It took a second for their meanings to sink in, but as soon as it clicked, Alex tensed, pushing away from Sophia's lips. "I- I-I don't-" she sputtered, suddenly feeling pinned underneath Victoria. Kissing was one thing. The thought of getting fucked by her friends was... honestly a massive turn-on, but not something she was in any way ready for. Just as she was about ready to panic, Victoria giggled, and Sophia's seductive look cracked into a grin. 

"Your- your face!" Victoria cackled, clutching her stomach. "Oh, you are too adorable!"

The confusion that Alex was feeling must have been visible, because Sophia spoke up after a few moments of her girlfriend's laughter, amused as well. "Relax, we were joking."

"O-oh."

"Mostly," Victoria added, wiping at her eyes.

"Mostly joking," Sophia amended.

"The offer's still on the table, is what I'm saying."

"Vicky! Look at her," Sophia said, her stern tone undercut by the fact that she was still grinning. "She's clearly not ready."

Alex felt like she was blushing to the roots of her hair. She turned away from the two of them, feeling much more embarrassed about what had just happened now that she was out of the moment. A hand cupped her heated cheek, and she reluctantly allowed her head to be moved back to face Victoria. "Teasing aside, we did help you, right?"

"Yeah," Alex mumbled, not sure where to look, her eyes being drawn back to Victoria's lips. "...thanks."

Sophia squeezed her hand. "We'd be happy to do it again."

"We'll help with anything." Victoria winked and slid off Alex's lap, giggling at her friend's expression.

