 AIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a blood curling scream echoed across deserted roof tops in the city of the dead. Crouching behind a fallen wall, Stephanie's fingers wrapped themselves almost subconsciously around the hilt of her silver pistol

A cloud of dust heralded a utility vehicle hurtling at full speed towards her, the sole male occupant the originator of the screams, a tomb robber no doubt. Stephanie dammed near chortled at his features, distorted with fear. Amateurs.

The tomb was dark against the grey sky, a seemingly eternal edifice. The legends spoke of unearthly protectors and great horrors for any that dared enter.

Stephanie knew for sure that the great doors were protected by an ingenious form of biological warfare, an ancient but deadly viral curtain. She wasn't going in the door though. She vaulted lithely over stones from the ground to roof top to roof top, arriving at last on the intricately carved roof stones on the top of the Tomb.

Running fingers over the cool sandstone, she breathed more easily. It was mere earth and stone, nothing mystical to fear here. No ghouls awaited her. She scanned the roof. As with everything, age had taken its toll on the old building, and as the earth under it settled, cracks appeared. Defence against humanity is a possibility, defence against time, impossible.

She saw a fissure in the smooth surface and smiled, wasting no time in sliding with alacrity into the dark depths that lay beneath the slitted hole. A torch soon flickered to life and revealed to her seeking eyes an empty room and a great treasure. 

Across the walls, as if waiting just for her, ran the inscriptions of the ancients. Languages thought long lost. Words that had not been spoken in centuries. The sheer beauty of her discovery took her breath away.

With trembling fingers, Stephanie took out her camera and began to snap away, the flash lighting up the deepest recesses of the chamber. A little voice in the back of her mind whispered that it was all too easy. Like many others though, Stephanie was in the habit of not listening to that little voice until it became nothing short of a scream. She ignored the warning, too wrapped up with the thrill of her discovery.

A shadow fell over the wall, obscuring part of the symbols. Peering through the viewfinder, Stephanie was puzzled, she could see no obvious cause for the obstruction.

Caww Caww Cawww The shrieking of a Raven startled her, and she dropped her torch, plunging the room into darkness once more.

"Fuck Fuck Fuck" she swore to herself, scrabbling around on the floor, finally recovering the torch.

"Tut Tut Tut, such language dear"

The voice was genteel, refined and deliciously female with a strange accent Stephanie could not place. With a yelp of fear, and hands that shook for a new reason, Stephanie switched the torch back on and swung it around the room wildly, creating a stroboscopic effect, making herself useless in her panic, pistol waving wildly in the air.

"You should really know better than this Stephanie"

Behind her. The voice was behind her. Swinging around wildly again, she came face to face with calm grey eyes, commanding eyes. A woman dressed in long robes of black edged with silver embroidery that flowed along the skirts and slid over the tight bodice. Her arms crossed under her breast in a pose that conveyed her dominance of this realm. Stephanie felt strangely like a child caught in the neighbours back yard. 

"W..ho are you?" Stephanie asked dumbly, shock making her wits dull. She pointed the pistol in the woman's direction, but somehow the fates and her shaking contrived to make her look somehow ridiculous before this woman, instead of deadly and menacing as she had planned.

The woman raised one black eye brow, and began stalking slowly towards Stephanie. " I, girl, I am the Mistress of this Tomb - and you, you are a mere robber"

As she drew closer, the torch light reflected weirdly off her eyes, a kind of luminous effect, like one might see in a cat. Shivers ran up Stephanie's spine as a part of her recognised that which her consciousness wouldn't.

"You know what happens to robbers who break the laws of the Pharaohs, little one?" She stopped a few feet short of Stephanie and her eyes blazed into the hapless girls.

"I.. I'm not a robber.." Stephanie protested lamely, taking several steps backwards, until she came hard up against solid rock and she could retreat no more.

"Oh no? Then what are you?" The Lady smiled menacingly, gliding now more than walking towards the hapless Stephanie.

"I'm a linguistics scholar" Stephanie replied, chin raised in a semblance of defiance.

The Lady's eyes followed the tilt of her chin down the slim lines of her neck to where her pulse fluttered nervously.

"A scholar hmmm... A scholar that needs to learn a lesson" the Lady replied in a manner that made Stephanie's tummy erupt into butterflies.

Hooking her finger into Stephanie's collar, the Lady pulled her forward roughly and glowered down at the unfortunate scholar from her superior height.

"Such impudence" she chided "Such arrogance - just to walk into the resting place of kings and start poking around" 

Stephanie trembled in her grip, unconsciously, or perhaps not so unconsciously, pressing into the Lady, her body suddenly consumed with desire to touch this beautiful creature that exuded power.

She was rewarded with a sharp slap that made her jerk her head back, eyes wide, her hand going to her stinging cheek.

The Lady smiled down with an unholy smile, and Stephanie knew that in spite of the sharp rebuke she was pleased. Her cheek burned, but she felt invigorated suddenly, her fear beginning to leave her. She twisted sharply in the Mistress' grasp and bit down hard on the arm that held her. 

A howl of outrage and Stephanie scrambled away, the grip at her neck temporarily loosened, she dropped the torch and the gun as she ran, the torch crashing into a thousand pieces on the floor, plunging them into darkness.

She ran for the corner and huddled there, trying not to breathe. The room had gone strangely quiet. Perhaps she could evade detection this way. Then an eerie chuckle next to her ear sent her scrambling away again, running about the room in a fashion not unlike the proverbial cranially challenged chicken until she hit yet another wall, and slumped to the floor, winded.

A sharp clapping sound and the room burst into light, fires leaping from recessed points in the walls. In the firelight the Lady was even more menacing,red orange light flickering across her dark hair as she regarded Stephanie mercilessly.

Stephanie looked up at her, whimpering helplessly and, as her gaze travelled down the woman's body, she gave an involuntary yelp of fear. For in her right hand, the Lady now held a long cane.

That elegant smile of menace again. "This is the appropriate tool for disciplining disrespectful students I think" she purred. 

In a moment of desperation, and in the flicker of a flame, Stephanie spotted the butt of her pistol, discarded and forgotten in near shadow. She made a desperate lunge for it, and managed to grasp at it before her wrist was pinned underneath a firm boot, and a whistling through the air heralded a stinging screaming sensation in her bottom.

Stephanie squealed in pain and shock, even as several more strokes exploded across her ass reducing her to a whimpering crying mess. No amount of pleading had any effect on the Mistress of the Tomb though. She applied the cane to the unfortunate young lady's bottom in a calculated rhythm. 

Stephanie had never known such pain and mortification. The chamber faded out of her mind and all that was left was the flame and the searing in her behind.

She didn't even notice it had stopped until strong arms lifted and cradled her with surprising tenderness, stroking her hair soothingly and that beautiful voice crooned in a language she did not understand but seemed to gentle her very soul. 

Her tears moistened the Mistress' robe. The Lady gently eased Stephanie up from her shoulder, and taking her chin, looked into her eyes. "You wish to learn the old languages child?" she inquired.

Stephanie nodded tearfully, wanting to reach up and wipe away the moisture on her cheeks but fearing the Lady that held her too much to do so.

."Yes.... " her voice trailed off uncertainly..

The Lady nodded "You may call me Mairisa" 

"Yes Mairisa, I want to learn them more than anything in the world" Stephanie confessed, her eyes downcast under the woman's intense gaze.

Mairisa slid her hand down Stephanie's back in a slow and comforting rhythm, as her sobs died into quiet sniffles.

"I can teach you all there is to know, child" she said gently, "but there is a price".

Stephanie started up, eyes bright "Oh yes! Anything!! Anything!!"

Mairisa smiled at her enthusiasm, and ran fingernails up the nape of her neck, making the girl shiver deliciously.

"I will require your absolute obedience" Mairisa stated seriously, her grey eyes boring into Stephanie's. The butterflies were back, and Stephanie pressed into Mairisa with a little moan and nod of assent, the burning lines along her bottom fuelling heat deep in her core.

With a little mewl, she brushed her lips across Mairisa's. She was rewarded this time, not with a slap, but with an answering growl of desire, and a strong hand cupping her striped bottom.

As the flame light flickered across their faces, tonges swirled and touched for the first time in a passionate dance. Moaning into Mairisa's mouth, Stephanie was already lost, already destined to obey, it was in every touch of her tongue, every delicate caress exchanged, in every thrill and shiver that ran through her frame.

Mairisa broke the kiss with a lustful growl, and allowed her lips and tongue to travel down over the soft skin of Stephanie's neck. The girl moaned, surrendering herself to the shadows in the firelight, barely noticing as her clothing melted away and soft touch of fingers claimed the moist slit between her trembling thighs.

Sliding, pressing, playing that sensitive flesh, Mairisa felt the moment her girls pussy began to sing, the same moment that she allowed her mouth to trail further to milky white soft breast and claim the peak.

Back arched, and prepared to tumble whole heartedly into any oblivion that might claim her, she felt an unfamiliar pressure at her breast. Hard, sharp, hungry. She gasped at the sharp sensation as elongated twin canines slid into her tender flesh. 

Spurred on, her hips rocked and thrust her wet velvet depths over Mairisa's fingers, even as her lifes essence ebbed into the one who claimed her.

The strangest of symbols flashed through her mind as her flesh thrilled at the touch of the ancient one at her breast and deep inside her. Growing brighter and brighter as her breath became a panting ragged rhythm, it seemed to her as if she entered the very symbols themselves, falling, falling, falling into them, spinning forever into the song that was her orgasm. 

In that moment, the moment of ultimate pleasure, she touched the unearthly. She fell into its arms, and as she came back to consciousness, smiled up into its grey eyes, at once at home.