 Our bodies felt incredibly warm as we lay together with the electric blanket on. Samantha's lips were moist, soft and inviting. Her bosoms felt large and the nipples were stiff as they pushed against my own chest. We kissed, and our lips shared that incredible buzz of a first kiss. Shortly after, our tongues danced the merry dance of a deep tongue kiss only two women can share.

As she lay on her stomach, I marvelled at the curves and tightness of her legs and gorgeous butt. I knew that the reason she was so magnificent was that she was young enough to be my daughter. Samantha was twenty two. I looked her in the eyes and we kissed again, my experienced tongue teaching her the skills that make us aroused by using just our tongues. I reached up and slowly started to scratch her back with my long nails. She moaned and looked away, exposing the whole of her back to my touch. Again I raked my nails along the length of her spine, scratching each bump of a vertebrae, accentuating the erotic sensations I knew she was getting from my touch. I increased my pace and pressure, until I knew she was wanting more pleasure. I reached to my dresser and found my strawberry flavoured massage oil.

I slowly, and ever so erotically, dripped the scented oil down between her shoulder blades and onto the succulent globes of her ass. Then, positioning myself in a squat position over her lower thighs, I started to massage the oil into her relaxed and tanned shoulders and back. Once her back was covered with oil, she glistened in the light and looked amazing. I reached up and wiped the excess oil on my own bosoms, my nipples hardening at the touch of my own hands, anticipating the next move. Slowly, I lowered my body down towards her slippery back until my nipples brushed her spine. I teased her, and lifted myself up again, before lowering my breasts totally down and smothering her shoulders with my squashed boobs. I moved up and down, the oily friction just enough to make me crazy with arousal. My nipples have always been electric, and tonight was no different. The mashing movement continued and her back felt totally sexy against my swollen nipples and squashed flesh as I moved up and down spreading the oil and enhancing the massage. My pussy was itching for some attention, and so I lowered my crutch until it hit the muscle of her thigh just above her knee. I positioned myself slightly too the right, so that her muscle tendons were able to flicker and tweak my aching clit as I massaged her back with my boobs. It was heaven. 

Slowly we increased the tempo of our lesbian lovemaking, until I knew I had to orgasm. I lifted my back and arched my shoulders so that my clitoris was able to flicker her eg beautifully, and then crashed into a magnificent orgasm upon the slippery back of my lesbian lover. I collapsed onto her oily spine, my slippery nipples electrically charged with climax, and I could not help but rub my tits furiously upon her shoulder blades, the slight pressure increasing the intensity of the wonderful cum I was experiencing. I lay on top of her rubbing until my orgasm subsided and then began to kiss her. The flavoured oils were wonderful to lick and kiss as my sexy tongue snaked it's way along the bumps of her spine and headed south towards her globes and the musky hole that lay mysteriously hidden between them. I moved back slightly, just as she lifted her hips enough to open and expose her anus to my touch. Carefully and teasingly, I rubbed a small amount of oil around the bud, without actually pushing inside. I tortured her asshole with pleasure, until she pushed backwards, her actions demanding some attention to her dark hole with my fingers. I used my thumb, and began a slow circular motion upon the actual opening to her sphincter. Slowly, she responded, pushing back, until I actually pushed a the first knuckle of my thumb inside her wonderful tight ass. Then just as suddenly as I had breached her virgin asshole, I removed it, only to replace my thumb with my wicked, flickering tongue. I felt the small ripples of her opening in my mouth, and then pushed the tip of my hot and wanting tongue inside her ass. She moaned loudly and pushed back again, impaling my tongue upon her butt hole as she tried hard to tongue fuck me with her ass. I responded by gripping both her cheeks firmly, and spreading them wide open, totally exposing her bum hole to my taste.

By this time I was keen for her to orgasm, and so I began a dual motion. My tongue acted as a cock, fucking her ass with fast stabbing motions, her musky scent enveloping my taste buds as I tongue fucked her bottom. My hand had wandered to her pussy, and my index finger found her now very swollen clit, and flickered across it in the motion that makes us girls cum hard and fast. And cum she did. I marvelled at the exotic sight before me as my tongue fucked her ass and felt every spasm of her young body as the climax ripped through her muscles. She moaned and squealed as she jammed her asshole back against my face, burying my wiggling and probing tongue deep inside her rectum, as my fingers danced the orgasmic movement over her throbbing clitoris. She bucked, convulsed and then screamed as the peak of her orgasm gripped her nubile young body. She went rigid, then collapsed, my tongue and fingers slowing their motion as the intensity of her first lesbian climax overwhelmed her.

We cuddled for a few minutes, before sharing a cool drink and several hot kisses. 

"Thank you Dee. That was amazing. I had no idea sex could be so warm and intense without a cock". She smiled at me.

"Sweetheart, it was my pleasure. But, now it's your turn to learn and to pleasure me."

With that I rolled back and lay on my stomach, my legs slightly splaying open, inviting my young lover to delve between my legs and devour my shaven pussy with her virgin tongue. I put my hands behind my head as I felt her warm breath approach my cunt. Again I splayed my legs further apart, and then I felt it. That unmistakable feeling of a tongue on your clitoris. She was hot, wet and pleasingly firm as she flicked my clit with her tongue. I reached down and pinched my nipples, extending them about an inch from their normal position, as she worked me towards my own orgasm. One hand snaked down and gripped her by the head, forcing her to add more pressure to her ministrations on my clitoris. I was really wet by now, and wanted to cum more than anything. This talented young woman was returning the favour nicely. As I thought she could pleasure me no more, her tongue working magic as it licked, sucked and flickered my engorged clit, she pushed a finger into my tight asshole, working it in until the second knuckle was buried deep inside my tight ass. She didn't stop there. Two fingers, then three entered my butthole, and she pushed in further, fucking my ass wonderfully, sending me into a headlong orgasm of anal fucking proportions! As I thrashed on my pillow and pinched my own nipples hard, she pumped her fingers deep inside me and relentlessly lashed my clit with her tongue. It was sensational, and the orgasm lasted almost a minute as I came like a thunderbolt on this young woman's tongue and hand deep inside my ass.

Sitting in his chair watching us, with his fat erection in his hand, my husband Steve moaned and smiled as I orgasmed at the hands, literally, of this young princess. He was filming all the action, and the strange thing was that there were two tripods in the room....the camera one and the one in Steve's fist as he suggestively pumped it up and down, pointing the one eyed devil straight at me. In my post-orgasmic bliss, I rolled over and made to go to him, but she stopped me. Grasping me by the shoulder, she whispered softly into my ear as he tongue snaked its way along my lobe.

"Allow me".

And with that she moved off the bed and slowly, on her knees, crawled across the room to where Steve was sitting, his sizable erection almost bursting through it's cute little helmet when he realised what was about to happen.

Samantha approached Steve sexily, her nubile young body working it's magic on us both as I watched her hot and tight ass wiggle it's way across the carpet. She approached him, and without a word, I saw her engulf his amazing cock with her mouth. The mouth she had just finished licking me to orgasm with as she finger fucked my own tight ass. She bobbed up and down, then wickedly turned to face me, her left cheek bulging from the massive head of Steve's cock as she held in there, then 'popped' it out with a nasty chuckle, before engulfing the whole thing in one go, right down to the pubic hair! I smiled back, my fingers finding my sopping pussy once more as I watched my husband get blown by this vixen.

She had quite a good technique for one so young. Her hand pumped away at the looser skin towards the base of Steve's shaft, and her tongue, teeth and lips focussed on the tender and more sensitive skin at the rim of his helmet, the part that makes all you men cum in our hungry mouths! Steve was watching her closely now, and I pushed two fingers inside my pussy, wanting to cum together with my husband. He must have seen the movement, because suddenly his eyes were focussed on me, and I spoke quietly to him across the room.

"Let's cum together baby............cum in her mouth as I finger fuck myself here on the bed waiting for your big cock to fill my hungry cunt".

And with that he was gone - simple as that! Mind you, the head job he was getting from Samantha was probably the major cause, but I am certain that the thought in his mind of the scene before him helped too. He suddenly gripped her by the head and jammed, yes, literally, JAMMED his spurting cock into her mouth and throat, feeding her his yummy sperm I had tasted so often. On the bed the three fingers inside my cunt and the one flicking my clitoris had the same effect and I crashed into yet another wonderful climax. On her knees, Samantha was now lapping at the juices on Steve's cock that had escaped her mouth during his cum. She was polishing his knob and fondling his recently emptied balls. It was a very horny sight, and I was enjoying my own post orgasmic sex show as she sucked and cleaned up my husband, having just swallowed his cum in front of me, his wife!

We took a brief break, all three of us, and adjourned to the loungeroom for a drink. Steve simply walked naked, his cock now rather soft, into the kitchen and retrieved three glasses and some juice for us all to quench our thirst. Samantha put on one of my satin robes, and I grabbed a small pair of silky shorts, deciding to let my 36B boobs bounce free. They were once a nice and large 36C, but the years and child rearing had taken their toll. Still, I was proud of my body, and felt no need to cover myself from Samantha considering what we had just done together! We sipped on our drinks and chatted. It was lovely. But I was not finished. I still had not been fucked, and I was determined to feel a real cock inside my pussy before we finished our lovemaking together.

As Steve got up to put his empty glass on the sink, I followed him, and using my hips, pinned my hubby to the sink, my hands snaking round to grab his cock and balls and give them a nice firm squeeze. He responded rapidly, turning his head to deeply tongue kiss me on the mouth, as his cock swelled in my hands to the size I liked it...........big and erect! I continued to play with his cock, my cock, the one I loved and knew so well. He turned to face me, and I lead him by the cock to the rug in front of the fireplace. Steve lay me down and removed my shorts, exposing my open and already wet pussy which had experienced several mind blowing orgasms already that afternoon. Without a word, he stood up again, and went to Samantha, who was sitting on a bar stool sipping her juice and watching the action with interest. Taking her by the hands, he stood her up and slowly removed the satin robe, dropping it in a puddle at her feet. He lead her across to where I was now lying, on my back, and placed her gently on top of me facing the opposite direction. I knew what he wanted.

"I want to watch you.........I want to watch you lick each other" he spoke quietly, smiling.

On the rug we embraced in the classic 69 position and our tongues began to work their magic on each other's pussy. It was delightful to once more be licking such a gorgeous woman as my husband watched. After about five minutes of licking and probing with my tongue, I rolled Samantha over so that she was on her back and I was on top of her, and continued to lick her juicy box. Suddenly I felt a hand on my ass, a third hand! It was Steve, and the helmeted pleasure dome was back at full size. I knew what he wanted, so I parted my legs even further as I knelt over Samantha and tongue fucked her. Steve pushed the head of his cock inside me, just teasing. He was an excellent tease, and he knew that the first few inches of cock only made me squeal and beg for more. I didn't want to break off the fantastic 69 Samantha and I were enjoying, but I wanted his fat cock deeper inside me. I jammed backwards, momentarily dislodging her tongue from my clit. She got the hint, and wriggled forward a few inches on the rug, allowing Steve to totally, deeply, fuck my hungry pussy as she licked me towards my umpteenth orgasm that day!

He now had me gripped by the hips and was using his deepest, longest strokes to fuck me doggy style as I had my pussy licked by Sam. It was delightful. Each time the hot and wet pole of pleasure disappeared, I almost unconsciously drove my tongue deeper inside Sam's cunt, demanding the return of the deep fucking with my pussy at the same time. Our threesome must have looked awesome, with me being doggie fucked by Steve, as Sam and I licked and sucked on each other's pussies and rubbed our bodies against each other, still glistening from the oil we had used earlier. Sam was the first to cum, and she almost bit off my clitoris as she climaxed under my tongue. I kept licking until her spasms had subsided before concentrating on the fucking I was getting from my hubby, Steve. Sam now focussed purely on licking my clit, and with each fuck stroke from Steve's wonderful cock, the hood of my clit was exposed a little more. This allowed Sam better access and meant that my orgasm was fast approaching. I knew Steve couldn't hold on long, and so I crashed into my own orgasm before he had a chance to cum. I thrashed and thrashed on Sam's tongue as Steve simply held his gorgeous cock deep inside me until the waves of pleasure had subsided.

It was now Steve's turn to cum, and I wanted it to be special for him, given that he'd watched me fuck this hot young girl in front of him on our very own bed.

I told him to stop, and at first he protested, but, when he saw what I was planning, he smiled and popped his very hard cock out of my now gaping pussy! I told Sam to kneel on the other side of Steve, with me facing her, our tongues level with his erection. Then, we both sucked and licked and played with his cock and balls. I knew he loved this, and I also knew he loved hearing me talk dirty, so I began my gutter talk as the two of us women made him cum.

"OOoh yes baby, cum on my face, make me feel the splash of your hot fuck juice all over my eyes, my chin, my nose and my tongue. That's it baby, spray Sam as she tongues your ass you stud. Cum on, spray your hot sticky cum all over us as we tongue kiss each other. We want to be drowned with your sticky love juice baby - cum on us NOW!!"

And with that he did. It was massive. I managed to cop the first spurt in my eye, and the second he pointed right at Sam's hot tongue that was lewdly poking out, begging for a dollop of cum. The third squirted into my hair, and after that his hand was a blur as it pulled and pointed his cumming cock every which way, making sure that we were both totally soaked with his cum. Steve collapsed into one of the lounge chairs, as I reached forward and cupped Sam's face in my hands. I leaned forward and gently licked the cum off her face neck and boobs. I enjoyed the taste of my husband's cum, and the sexiness of licking and eating it off a woman I had just fucked was amazing.

The video was sensational, and has triggered many fuck sessions since.

Email me with your comments or if you like me to do some posing for you ok?