 The next time Laura saw Jennifer was a disaster. She went over to her sitting in the Student Union cafeteria and greeted her normally, friendly as is her manner. As Laura started unloading her tray, the girl pushed her tray away. "Get the fuck away from me, you backstabbing bitch!"

Jennifer, what's wrong? Why are you mad at me?"

"Why did you run tell Karen what I said? I was trying to help you, to warn you. How did she drag it out of you? Did she use bamboo shoots under your fingernails, pour hot wax over you?" Jennifer screamed over her shoulder as she slid from her booth and left the building.

Dazed, Laura suddenly realized she had made a serious error, a breach of confidence. It had happened before more than once; she had told something that a person had told her with the understanding that it was not to be repeated and she had simply not understood. This was much more serious. In high school it had just caused a little strain but this time, without meaning to, she had driven a wedge into her relationship with Jennifer.

Thinking she might be able to explain, she left her lunch and hurried after her friend. When she caught up with her, she said, "Jennifer, let me explain, tell me what happened."

"Karen accosted me in the hall yesterday, demanding to know why I was spreading malicious rumors about her. I tried to brush past her, not knowing what she was talking about. It never occurred to me that you had reported to her what I said to you."

"What did she do?"

"She slapped me and told me to stand still until she was finished with me. Then she told me that you told her what I said about her. I was completely floored. She asked me where I got the idea that she was some sort of predatory female preying on young, unsuspecting freshmen. She said she'd never said two words to me. I guess I became a little defiant and told her that was probably because my tits weren't quite big enough."

"Then what?"

"She really slapped me that time. She grabbed my face and held it in position in an iron grip and then walloped the side of my face. She gave me such a clout that I was sure my cheekbone was crushed or my jaw dislocated."

"Jennifer, I'm so sorry. I had no idea she would feel that way. I didn't mean to do anything bad. She was just talking to me and I mentioned it casually, just sort of flirting with her by saying I had been warned to beware of her."

"That's when she got the bamboo shoots to make you tell her who warned you?"

"I guess I just thought that everybody said those things about her and that she knew her reputation and was used to it. I first told her lots of people said it but she somehow knew that wasn't true. She just stayed with me and I was sort of titillated by her attention and eventually she got me to tell her your name. I never thought she'd be offended and would track you down and hit you."

"Oh, that's not all she did."

"You mean there's more? How could she do anything to you in a public place in broad daylight?"

"She made me go to her room."

"But how?"

She just grabbed my arm, squeezed it in her vise grip and dragged me to her dorm."

"But couldn't you scream for help?"

"I was afraid I'd make her really mad, plus, she has this thing over me, I'm sort of attracted to her and I'm sure she knows it. She thinks I'd follow her anywhere."

Then the thought erupted in Laura's mind that Jennifer's warning might have been prompted by something more than just trying to protect her. She was perhaps a little jealous that Karen was paying too much attention to her. Maybe she'd even exaggerated Karen's predatory nature to drive off what she considered competition. Everything was getting so complex.

"What did she do to you in her room?"

"You don't want to know."

"Jennifer, I do. I need to know. I'm in the middle of something here that I don't understand. I need to know what I'm up against."

"I'll tell you if we can go to your room. I don't want the whole world to hear about it."

Laura agreed that it must be a private thing and she let Jennifer come up to her room. She fixed some coffee and brought two cups into the study area where Jennifer was sitting. She sat down at her desk; Jennifer was seated at her roommate's.

"I've been through a lot. I need some solace, some comforting." Jennifer announced in a hushed tone. 

Laura knew what the girl wanted but some bit of obstinacy in her made her want to ignore it.

With tears in her eyes, Jennifer said, "I told you I wouldn't suck too hard or ask too often. It's been three days."

Laura nodded and reached for the buttons on her blouse. Before she was finished with the top two, Jennifer was on her knees between her legs pushing her face into Laura's monumental cleavage. "God, girl, can't you wait until I can get them out?"

"I just wish they made these industrial strength, double F boulder holders with the clasp in front. I guess there would be two much stress on it, and it would give way right in the middle of class or something.

"Let me just get the blouse off my shoulder and you can pull the strap down and lift one out if you're in that big a hurry."

"No, no I'm all right. Just go ahead and take your blouse off, then I'll unfasten your bra." Jennifer relented.

When the bra was finally removed and Jennifer was confronted with the awesome sight of Laura's huge titties, she went back to her knees and started sucking alternately on Laura's puffy nipples. She was making cooing, contented noises deep in her throat. Laura was making soothing sounds to her and rocking her gently as she sucked her titties.

Both underwent delicious contractions, mini organisms, until finally Jennifer was again able to talk. "I was just being hysterical when I said that about the bamboo shoots. I'm sure Karen would have no challenge getting any information she wanted from a small town girl like you. She knows how to manipulate people. She knows everything about everybody."

"Oh, Jennifer, you're just projecting those powers on to her, no one has that kind of knowledge about other people."

"It was true that she'd only said a few words to me. How did she know I wouldn't scream bloody murder, or go to the dean of her college and report her? How did she know I wouldn't go to the police and file assault charges? Somehow she knew she could do anything she wanted to me. She took me up to her room and made me take all my clothes off."

"She didn't!"

"Oh, yes, she did. Then she made me lay aver her big thighs and she spanked me. She spanked me for an hour it seemed. She is so strong and my bottom was so blistered."

"Is that all? Then did she let you go?"

"No."

"What else did she do to you?"

"She didn't do anything else to me. She made me do things to her."

"Like what?"

"She said she could tell I was aroused and that I could... suck her if I needed to."

"What did you do?"

"Oh, Laura, I couldn't help it. I was so hot. I got down on my knees and sucked her pussy."

"How awful!"

"No, it was the most exciting thing I've ever done. I loved it. If she crooked her finger at me right now, I'd be on my knees before she could lift her skirt."

"You're just a little slut. She doesn't have to be omnipotent to know how you are. I can't believe you'd suck her pussy. That's so gross. You're a girl and she's a girl. How can one girl get another girl to demean herself like that?"

"I don't know. I just know that I wanted to do it and she knew it and she let me do it."

"Maybe I should spank you, too. You've been a very bad girl. You've sucked my titties twice and now you admit that you've sucked a pussy. Maybe I should spank you until you get hot enough to want to suck mine?"

"I would suck it if you let me. You can spank me first if you want to, I don't mind."

Laura stood up and took off the rest of her clothes. She sat back down in the chair and spread her thighs wide. Jennifer uttered a little moan of surrender and slid down to her knees. As she pushed her tongue deep into Laura's pussy she wondered what Karen had in mind when she had said that she was going to straighten out the misconceptions Laura had about her.