 This story is a special request for a friend and she must take some of the credit as it her fantasy and she is the main character, so I hope you enjoy it as much as she has. A special thank you from me to her for agreeing to allow me to submit it here.

*****

Amy was exhausted, the hockey match had been extremely difficult and her team had only just won but not without paying a price. They had all used up every last drop of energy and many wore wounds that attested to the ferocity of the other team. Amy had stayed behind to help pack up the equipment. Everyone else had had something else planned but her only date this evening was with a large pile of books. Now sweaty, dirty, tired and hurting, she really wished she hadn’t offered to help and had just gone home with the rest of them.

Now she was all alone in the changing rooms. They were cold in more ways than one, a basic utilitarian design, tiled floors, wooden seats, metal hanging rails, drab, dismal and depressing. Amy just sat on the hard wooden seat, all alone, wrapped in silence and she began to feel a little nervous.

Sighing she ran her fingers through her short dark hair and began to undress, hastily, trying to reduce the chill that was attacking her weary body. Grabbing her wash bag and towel Amy ran towards the showers, the soft padding of her feet echoing around the room.

Shivering, she turned on a shower, waiting until it was nice and hot before she entered, cautiously, gasping as the water burned her skin. It didn’t take long for her body to become accustomed to the glorious heat and begin to relax. She sighed in pleasure, savouring the feeling of the water caressing her aching body. Some of the tiny cuts and grazes that decorated her began to sting but she ignored them. Turning her attention to the soap instead, she began to rub it over herself, its sweet milky coconut smell filling the air.

Amy began at her neck rubbing the soap all around its small structure, next she moved on to her arms, taking her time, making sure she didn’t miss one spot. Moving on to her chest she rubbed the soap softly around and under her small perfect breasts, enjoying the tickling sensation of the lather as it slid down over her nipples and between her breasts. She watched it trickling down her flat toned stomach, in and out of her navel, and on to between her legs. Amy moaned, her aching muscles now completely relaxed as heat flooded through them.

Focusing on her legs she leant forward, the water pounding her back like the insistent fingers of many lovers then running off over her firm bottom. Taking her left thigh between her two hands she washed downwards, winching when her hands pressed her wounds. Watching a mixture of dirt, water, soap and a small amount of blood pooling at her feet, she then repeated the process with her right leg before turning her attention to her hair. Amy was fully immersed in the sensation of her fingertips rubbing the shampoo into her scalp when she heard a noise. She turned quickly in the direction she thought it had come from trying to see but water and shampoo blurred her vision

.

“Hello” she called out nervously “Is there someone there?”

Silence was all that answered, suddenly the shower was no longer a haven, and instead its loud splashing became a beacon to an unknown danger. Her heart began to pound painfully in her chest, her eyes stung as she rubbed them furiously, trying to see, she felt so vulnerable and decided to get out of the shower, quickly, and head back to the comfort of home.

“You really should wash all of that shampoo out” a soft voice drifted through the steam.

Amy tensed, and waited, the voice was familiar but she was having difficulty placing it. 

“If you don’t your hair will be a nightmare tomorrow” the voice continued, closer than before. “ Its Ok Amy, its only me, nothing to be frightened of”.

Suddenly Amy recognised the voice, it was her Hockey Coach Miss O’Mara. She couldn’t believe she hadn’t noticed the distinctive Irish accent before, but it was different tonight somehow, it had an undertone to it that she had never heard before.

“I thought I was alone here, you scared me, I’ll be finished in a moment. Please, don’t let me disturb what ever it was you where doing” Amy replied, her voice regaining some of its lost confidence.

“That’s ok, your not disturbing me” replied the coach. Once again Amy was aware of that tone and something about it really began to unsettle her. Deciding not to waste any more time she quickly finished washing her hair but reaching for her towel she found it was missing.

“Here it is” the coach said, a note of satisfaction in her voice.

Blinking and leaving the warmth of the shower Amy looked towards her Hockey coach and there she stood holding Amy’s towel open. Amy turned the shower off and walked slowly towards her stopping just out of reach. Water hung in droplets all over her body, running from her wet hair down her back between the furrow of her cheeks. The cold air dancing over her sensitive body left goose bump footprints and teased her nipples into hard peaks. Miss O’Maras mouth smiled, her eyes focused on the dark brown erections. Amy tried to move her hands to cover her self but began to shiver uncontrollably, making her breasts jiggle invitingly. The coach moved towards her, wrapped the towel around her small body and manoeuvred her back into the changing rooms.

“Now lets get you dried off shall we,” she whispered in Amy’s ear but in a tone that allowed for no argument.

Amy just stood there, unsettled, and embarrassed yet unable to prevent what was happening. “No need to be shy, we are all girls here” the coach said laughingly, her bright blue eyes sparkling.

She began to dry Amy’s hair, rubbing hard, next she moved on to her face this time rubbing softly. Stopping, she moved closer peering deeply into Amy’s eyes. “You have such beautiful eyes, they remind me of smooth hazelnut chocolate”, the coach whispered. “Thank you” Amy stuttered. Next the coach rubbed Amy’s neck; the towel was rough and that along with the pressure being applied hurt Amy’s sensitive skin slightly. Turning Amy around Miss O’Mara began to dry her back moving quickly, yet not missing anything. Over her arms, down her back, down on towards her bottom, pulling at the cheeks and rubbing between them. Amy bit her lip trying not to show any signs of the arousal she was beginning to feel.

“Mmmmm what nice firm ripe cheeks you have Amy, in fact all of your body is firm, beautiful and ripe and you smell so delicious” Miss O’Mara purred seductively.

Amy held her breath, her pulse beginning to race, unable to trust her own voice she remained silent, enjoying the feel of the towel being rubbed over and between her arse.

She felt herself being turned back around, and tried to avoid the coach’s blue eyes as Miss O’Mara began to dry her chest. First she just roughly moved the towel over Amy’s breasts. Then, stopping and looking straight into Amy’s eyes she cupped each breast through the towel and squeezed, her thumbs rubbing over Amy’s still erect nipples. Amy swallowed the groan that began to rise in her throat and blushed harder. Laughing the coach moved on to her stomach and then kneeling began on her legs, parting Amy’s thighs slightly so that she had complete access to everything. Amy felt the towel being moved hard up and down her legs, each time getting closer to her exposed sex, making her tense with anticipation but it never once touched it.

Suddenly the towel was removed “Sit on the edge of the bench and open your legs” the coach commanded. Amy was startled and just stood still. Surely she had misheard.

“Now Amy, do as I said”. The coaches voice although still soft had a hard edge to it, Amy searched her blue eyes for understanding but her gaze found nothing in their depths. Hesitantly she sat down but kept her legs pressed tight together. The coach knelt in front of her again, Amy’s knees pressed hard against the coach’s stomach; she placed her hands between Amy’s legs and forced them open.

“I thought I told you to open your legs” Miss O’Mara demanded. Suddenly Amy felt a slap on her inner thigh, shocked by the sting her eyes began to water. “Now do as you are told, or you will be punished again”. The coach moved between Amy’s legs preventing any further attempts at closure. Amy was shivering out of fear now, rather than the cold; she clasped her hands tightly together and waited. The coach focused on the area between Amy’s thighs. “You really do have an exquisite pussy, but I can’t see it very well so part your lips for me” the coach insisted. Amy froze until the pain of the second slap made her jolt and whimper, and then she slowly moved a hand down towards her pussy and with shaking fingers peeled back the lips, shocked to find herself wet. “That’s better Amy, now I can appreciate how pink your lips are, how delicate your folds are and how beautiful your clit is, like a jewel on a satin cushion”.

“Can I get dressed now?” Amy whispered pleadingly “Please”.

“Oh no Amy, we have only just begun, now I want to watch how your pussy changes as you become aroused, I want to see everything, I have a feeling it becomes a tantalising treat”. Looking straight into Amy’s eyes the coach continued. “So I want you to arouse yourself, I want you to touch every part of your sex, show me everything, open yourself completely, or else….”. She didn’t have to continue; Amy could see Miss O’Mara’s handprints on her thighs, still hot and sore. Trembling harder but feeling an excitement grow within herself she moved her other hand down to between her legs, tenderly she ran a finger along one of her open wet lips, opening it wider, enjoying the feeling of her own hot flesh. She began to build up a rhythm; the slow stroking arousing her whole body, her sex quickly became swollen and sensitive. “That’s very good now I want you to massage your clit” the coach commanded. Amy immediately responded now too caught up within her own desire to refuse. Finding the delicate nub she rubbed and pinched it, her own body moving in response, stroking the whole area, teasing her own body, Amy’s hips began to move almost imperceptivity, her head tilted backwards, her breathing increasingly rapid. “Now enter yourself,” the coach whispered breathlessly.

Amy’s own breath caught in her throat as she moved two fingers to her opening and then she gasped as she pushed them in. Feeling them deep within her, reaching for that spot that would grant her reward. Still using her other hand to stroke, rub and pinch all of her pussy, moving her fingers deep inside, everything forgotten but her own fulfilment. Her pelvis moved against her fingers, her cheeks clenching painfully against the hard wooden seat. Amy knew it wouldn’t be long, she could feel her whole body heat up and then she gasped, as the tingling moved through her, from her toes, up her legs, screaming through her sex, churning her stomach, right up into her mind, possessing her very soul.

Slowly Amy regained control of her body and realising what had happened she began to blush ferociously. The coach just sat, completely still a smile playing across her face. “I was right, your pussy is definitely a delicious treat when aroused now stay there”. Amy did as she was told wondering what was going to happen now. The coach moved over to Amy’s clothes and looked through them. Picking up her scarf and tights she moved behind Amy. “Arms back” she commanded. Amy could feel the tights being tied tight around her wrists, then the scarf was tied around her face blindfolding her, she began to worry again, the afterglow of her climax now completely gone the reality of her situation sinking in.

She felt herself being helping up and then moved. Being unsure of her surroundings and where she was being lead to Amy took small hesitating steps. She heard the changing room door open and shut behind her and realised they must have entered the corridor, still naked she was pulled along stumbling and shaking. Her ears strained to hear any noise that would suggest someone else’s presence, yet the knowledge that there could be other people there, watching, sent a thrill through her. Finally she heard another door open and she was pulled through it. “Stop” Miss O’Mara commanded. Amy did as she was told, she could feel something hard pressing against her shins. Then the blindfold was removed and she recognised where she was, the weights room, standing beside a muti gym. “Sit down”, Miss O’Mara pointed to the bench attached to the multi gym. Looking at the coach Amy slowly straddled the long bench. Its metal sides felt cold against her legs but the seat was covered in a soft leather type material, its softness a pleasant contrast to the wooden bench. 

The coach stood at the end of the bench and began to undress, firstly she removed her trainers, then slowly pulled her trousers down, over her hips, down her thighs, tenderly pulling each foot out in turn. Then she lifted the tight short sports top over her head, now all she wore was her underwear. Amy felt herself becoming aroused again, the heat between her legs warming the materiel she sat on. Removing her bra, the coach squeezed her breasts pulling her already erect nipples and then slid her hands downwards tugging her knickers down and kicking them off.

“Is the door locked?” Amy’s husky voice enquired.

“No” the coaches soft musical voice replied.

Sitting there, straddling the bench, hands still tied behind her back Amy began to focus on the sight before her. There was no denying the fact that the coach was extremely sexy, her short dark hair emphasised the blue of her eyes. Her body was completely covered in a natural tan, yet her delicate freckles where still visible; to Amy it looked as though the coach’s body had been sprinkled with cinnamon. Miss O’Maras body was a testament to her dedication, fit, toned, muscular but feminine, her curves soft and delicate, her breasts stood proud, her waist whip like and her hips gently rounded. Amy’s heart pounded in her ears and she felt her juices moisten the bench below her.

Running her hands up and down her own body the coach said “I have seen you watching me Amy, the look in your eyes unmistakable, you have wanted me as much as I have wanted you”. Amy shifted, desperately trying to free her hands. It was true, she had been attracted to Miss O’Mara since the first moment she had seen her. Many nights she had dreamt about being with her. Each time she heard that soft musical Irish accent she felt tingles running up her spine. The coach continued “Do you like what you see Amy, do you want to touch me, feel me taste me?”.

“Oh god yes” Amy pleaded breathlessly.

The coach moved forward, sitting opposite, her legs hooked over Amy’s, leaning inwards her breasts pushing against Amy’s as she undid her hands. Then she kissed her at first tenderly but as their tongues began to explore each others mouths the kisses became more demanding, the coach gripped the back of Amy’s head, her other hand wrapping around her waist pulling her closer. Amy’s hands slid up the coach’s thighs stopping just before her pussy, but Amy could feel the heat emanating from it and it increased her own fire. The coach lowered her mouth on to Amy’s heaving breasts, sucking them hard, taking as much into her mouth as she could, groaning Amy placed her own hands over the coach’s and began to squeeze and rub and pull, taking the nipples between her fingers and thumbs and twisting gently spurred on by the coaches low moans.

“Lie down Amy”. She did, sliding down the bench feeling the dampness made by her own arousal, holding on to the bars behind her, eyes closed waiting. She felt her hips being lifted slightly and then a fleeting tickle as the tongue began to tease her lips, Amy moaned, tightening her grip on the bars and parting her legs wider, offering herself completely to the coach’s hot waiting mouth. The tongue probed harder parting her folds, finding each hidden spot, biting gently then finally flickering over her hard clit, it was almost too much. Amy’s moans became increasingly louder her pelvis tilting ever upwards; she felt the whole of her clit being sucked in just as fingers entered her. She clenched, tightening herself around them as they moved in and out, the tongue still working her clit. Amy lifted her legs up on to the coaches shoulders trying to force her face into her pussy, her back arching off the bench, finally it was all to much and she called out as her climax rushed through her body.

Before she had time to recover she felt the coach move on to her, their pelvis pressed together, their juices mingling, her weight pushed Amy’s back into the leather uncomfortably but Amy didn’t care, their breasts stroking each other, their mouths hungrily combined, their pelvis rocking to a perfect unheard rhythm. Amy had never felt such bliss but before she could fully lose herself again, the coach moved up and straddled her face, lowering her self on to her tongue. Amy eagerly began to taste the sweet juice, grapping the coach’s cheeks, digging her nails into their tight flesh pulling her down so that she could probe deeper. Miss O’Maras moans muffled by her thighs that covered Amy’s ears. Her smell was intoxicating her taste exquisite. Amy licked the silken folds feverously, moving one hand between the legs to part the lips further, she felt the coaches hips respond, her climax nearing, Amy stuck her tongue in deep moving it in and out of the greedy hole, one hand gripping the cheeks harder, the other playing all over the coaches pussy. Finally the coach’s thighs tensed and she groaned loudly, Amy could feel the throbbing against her tongue still embedded deeply, the coaches juice dribbled down her face.

They stayed like that for a while, locked together, neither wanting to move away first, but slowly the coach stood up, bending to kiss Amy’s sticky face as she did so. Amy tried to protest refusing to believe it was all over a hollow feeling beginning to grow within her. Smiling the coach said “I knew you would be delicious hunny, but now its time for us to go and get cleaned up”.

“But I don’t want to” Amy said breathlessly.

“Don’t worry, this is only the beginning, we will have many nights like this but now lets go to the showers” the coach relied soothingly. Amy took the out stretched hand and followed, watching the coach intently, her brown eyes sparkling, her mind filled with thoughts of what may happen the next time, knowing that she would participate fully no matter what. Hockey certainly held a whole new attraction for her now.