 "Why do you think Karen did that?"

"Well, I think she's just a nice person, and maybe she likes me or feels some sympathy for me."

"Why don't you try letting a few pounds of air out of those tits and see how much you appeal to her?"

"Why are you saying such hateful things? Why are you trying to make it look like some depraved, sick thing just because she took up for me when that math teacher got me so confused? I can't understand anything that teacher is talking about. The woman has wasted the last three class periods trying to establish proof that you cannot divide a number by zero. I am willing to stipulate the zero thing. She's off on some tangent that's taking us around the world to get next door."

"That's exactly what I'm talking about. You're so naive. The schools don't care if a teacher is able to teach. The school craves the prestige of having teachers who are able to get things published in obscure journals that they imagine administrators at other schools read and drool over with envy."

"Wow, you really get worked up over the subject."

"It was just such a rude shock when I first realized how the system works. I don't want you to go through that."

"You can't do it for me. I've got to take my own lumps. I have to learn for myself, just like you did and everyone else who has ever lived."

"So with Karen, you are going to have to learn for yourself that she's just a scheming, predatory female who will befriend you only as long as there's a chance she can get in your panties?"

"And I have to take your word for that? I'm supposed to reject the one person who has shown me any kindness since I came here because you suspect that she has ulterior motives? Do you have any way to demonstrate to me that she is not trustworthy?"

"No, no actual proof. You just have to be around a while and listen to the stories about her past relationships and learn how she's treated others. Some things can learned without having to first experience it."

"So by the simple expedient of a minor breast reduction surgery I can find out if her feeling for me is genuine friendship or merely a subterfuge for some deep, dark sexual deviation?"

"Oh, God, Laura, you are dismissing something serious by making it trivial."

"Breast reduction surgery is no more trivial than quote,letting a few pounds of air out of your tits? If every act of kindness is a cloak for deviant sexual desires, what is your motivation for trying to help me? Do you secretly want to suck on my nipples, too?"

"Stop it, Laura. Don't do this to me. You are twisting everything I've said to you."

Silently Laura reached to her waist and slid her fingers under her sweater and began to pull the garment slowly over her head. She knew Jennifer would stop her; she only wanted to emphasize a point. 

Yet Jennifer did not tell her to stop. 

She merely tried desperately to avert her eyes but the girl was transfixed by the gradual revelation of Laura's sensuous, lust inspiring body. So tawny, so tanned, so delicious looking, Laura's firm abs awakened desires in Jennifer that she had managed to deny completely and conceal, even from herself. Neither could she tear her eyes away by any force of her own will.

Laura was dismayed by the bitter realization that Jennifer was guilty of the very accusation she had hurled against Karen. She was enervated, like she had stepped onto firm earth to find it unstable gtound floating on a sea of caustic foam. She was unable to stop what she had been doing. The sweater was freed from her body and Jennifer groaned inwardly at the sight of her glorious, thrusting, perfectly round titties, constrained only by a provocative white satin bra with strategic panels of extremely revealing, delicate lace.

"Do you... want... to touch 'em?"

No, I... don't be silly." Jennifer said as both her hands lunged for the treasures displayed before her. She seized a titty in every hand and clenched her eyes to shut off the sight of her humiliation.

"Yes, go ahead. Squeeze 'em, rub 'em and explain to me again about Karen's devious designs. Take 'em out of the bra so you can touch bare skin."

"Oh, Laura, please believe me. I never had one thought of doing such a thing until you took your sweater off. I don't know what has come over me to make me act this way."

"Shhh. It's all right. Lean over so you can touch 'em with your mouth. It will relax you. You'll feel much better."

"You don't mind? You don't think I'm awful if I want to suck on 'em?"

"No, go ahead. You want to be my friend and that's what friends do, right? When one has a big set of knockers, the other usually wants to suck on 'em."

"I just want to see what it feels like." Jennifer explained as her mouth engulfed a turgid nipple and she felt a gut wrenching spasm in her pussy that caused her knees to weaken and begin to bend.

"Yes, that's okay. Get more comfortable on your knees. Yes, kneel like that, relax. They'll be here for you any time you want them. All you have to do is humble yourself and say. "Laura, can I have a little bit of titty? I promise not to suck too hard or ask too often."

"Laura, I'm so ashamed." Jennifer admitted as she dropped to her knees and raised her mouth to worship at the girl's gorgeous titties. "Please forgive me. I promise not to suck too hard or ask too often."