 This story is entirely a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. If Lesbianism or teacher-pupil relationships upset you then please move on without reading.

Top of the class.

No matter how hard I tried to stop them, my eyes kept drifting toward the back of the classroom, where Carolyn Shaw sat. I also couldn't stop the faint blush from creeping onto my face when she looked up from her workbook and her fabulous greeny blue eyes met mine. Her fine blonde hair fell to her lower back and framed her perfect face with its porcelain skin and pale pink lips. "She knows." I thought. "She knows I am looking at her, probably even guesses why I am looking at her if that little smile is anything to go by."

The rest of the class had their heads down working on the maths problems I had set them so the exchanged look had not been seen by anyone else. I noticed Carolyn fidget slightly in her seat, as if trying to get comfortable. I sympathised, because I wanted to fidget a little too. 

Although I knew how wrong it was for a teacher to be having thoughts this erotic about a student, especially a female teacher for a female student, I couldn't help but think about how her lissom body would look without the drab school uniform covering it. As I thought about her delectably pert breasts, her long legs still colt-like and the expanse of pale, lightly freckled skin that I had occasionally caught glimpses of as she went to a games class, my abdomen clenched and a tingling warmth spread through my groin. 

I could feel the moisture beginning to leak out that would leave a wet spot in my knickers.

Glancing at my watch I breathed a small sigh of relief when I saw that there was less than 15 minutes left of the class. Normally I was too busy teaching to dwell on the erotic time bomb that was Miss Carolyn Shaw, but today, as the class was totally absorbed in the test I had set them there was none of the usual hum of questions and classwork to distract me. The whole thing seemed weird to me anyway, as far as I knew I was a straight heterosexual woman who had more than her share of boyfriends and had never even thought about any woman sexually. Yet here I was, definitely getting in a dither about one of my 18 year old female pupils!

Just as I was feeling thankful that I had a free period next which would give me plenty of time to "sort myself out", I noticed a hand being raised at the back of the class.

"Could you help me with something please Miss?", yes, it was Carolyn.

Feeling slightly nervous I walked to stand behind her desk, peering at her workbook to try and see what was puzzling her when I felt her hand brush the back of my leg. I almost gasped aloud at the shock the touch sent through my whole body. Frantically I looked round to see if anyone had noticed anything but Carolyn was seated on her own in the back row and all the others were concentrating on their work, trying to finish the test before the end of class.

"Its this one Miss.", she said pointing at her workbook. I needed to lean forward anyway as I had to rest my hand on her desk to support myself, so great had been the shock of her touching the back of my leg that way. This brought our heads quite close together and she suddenly whispered, "This is what I need help with." 

As she said that, her other hand drifted down between her legs which were slightly opened beneath her desk. The hand that she had touched the back of my leg with moved higher until it went under my skirt...higher still, above the top of my stocking onto the bare flesh...higher still until it was touching the crotch of my knickers, feeling the heat and the even bigger wet patch now there. 

I was completely frozen, leaning forward, my blouse gaping slightly affording Carolyn an opportunity to look at my bra clad breasts should she take it. I could see she definitely took the opportunity, her eyes practically unclipping my bra with the intensity of her stare. Only my eyes moved, flicking between the class and Carolyn's hand which was now obviously rubbing between her own legs. Her other hand...Ohhh, her other hand, it was now pressing my knickers firmly into the wetness oozing from me.

What the hell was happening? Was I still sitting behind my desk at the front of the class having a really vivid fantasy? It was made blazingly clear that this was no fantasy when I felt the hand on my pussy suddenly clench tightly against my inner thigh and tremble, I saw Carolyn clamp her legs around the hand between them as she shuddered slightly, hips bucking forward in her seat, her eyes rolling a little before screwing closed.

For a few moments nothing happened except for the hand she had between my legs continued to tighten and release convulsively against my thigh and pussy. Then I felt her release a breath she had been holding and take another in before saying, "Oh, I see now, thank you Miss," before her hand that had been up my skirt slid back down my now trembling leg. Her other hand came out from between her legs and outrageously brushed over mine which was still steadying myself on her desk. Her hand was very warm and left a sticky smear on my fingers. She had a beatific smile on her flushed face.

I stood back up a bit unsteadily and took a deep breath, gathering myself enough to say, "Right, well I think you had better stay after class for a few minutes Carolyn, just to go over that problem again."

"Yes Miss." she said quite meekly.

I walked slowly back to my desk at the front, pretending to glance at the various student's desks as I passed them, ostensibly checking their work. In reality my thoughts were in a kaleidoscopic whirl. Did that just happen? Did my little fantasy crush just give herself an orgasm, fingering herself while she had a hand on my pussy up my skirt?

"NO!, no way", I thought. Carolyn had just asked me about a maths question and I had flashed into a ludicrously erotic fantasy for a few seconds. She had even said, "I see now, thank you Miss".

As I sat down behind the desk however I not only felt the now very wet knickers push against me, but I glanced at my hand and saw that it still had a small smear on the fingers that glistened slightly. And I could smell a distinct though very faint aroma. 

"Oh my God!", I thought, it had happened. I looked up at the class again and was never more thankful to hear the bell signalling the end of the lesson because as my behind settled on the seat the pressure combined with the realisation of what had just happened and the faint aroma of come from my fingers triggered a flood of liquid into my own knickers. My pussy was pulsing dramatically and I was feeling more than a little faint. My hands were clenched into fists under the desk, my toes curled hard against my shoes and I was gritting my teeth tightly to stop the groan I wanted to let out from giving me away. As if from a great distance I heard the scraping of seats and general hubbub of the class getting up to go to their next lesson.

I managed to call out for the test papers to be left on a spare desk at the front before dropping my head once more and pretending to be marking something while I tried not very successfully to control my breathing. My breath was still coming in little pants in timing with the dwindling pulsations between my legs. Oh..My.. God! I had just had a cataclysmic orgasm in front of the whole class.

After the class had clattered out I heard from just in front of my desk, "You wanted to see me Miss?"

I looked up to see Carolyn standing just 3 feet away, looking as beautiful as ever, if not more so in the glow of my just having come without even touching myself! She was looking at me so intently that she must have seen my flushed face and the way I had been breathing.

I made a try to save the situation beginning, "Miss Shaw, that was not appropriate..." when I realised that she had moved to stand next to me, out of sight of the windows or door. She overrode my words saying, 

"I'm not sorry about it Miss. I've wanted to touch you for ages and when I saw you look at me earlier and blush I was sure you wanted me too. You're so beautiful and I have fantasised so often about you I just couldn't help myself. I still can't help myself."

As she was saying this, her hand reached out toward my breast. I watched, frozen again in fascination as her small, delicate fingers reached and closed softly around my breast, cupping it and squeezing ever so lightly. The sensation was exquisite. I could swear I felt each finger on her hand as it gently pressed into the softness of my breast, felt my nipple stiffen as if straining to reach her palm through my blouse and bra. As the soft pressure of her hand released I felt another trickle add itself to the wreckage in my knickers and yet more fluttering tremors in my belly.

I smelt that faint aroma again and realised that this was the hand she had just pleasured herself with, still retaining the aroma of her coming. 

Her coming for me. 

With me just inches away, her other hand up my skirt, my desire obvious. In a class full of students mere feet away, oblivious to what was happening just behind them.

My head was shaking from side to side as I mumbled,

"No, no, no, no, I can't, no, no.." I looked into her eyes and saw pain there, enough for me to add despite myself, 

"not here." The last words came out in what could only be described as a breathy moan. 

Her small hand gave my breast a final gentle squeeze as her face lit up, knowing this was not finishing here and now.

Still sitting down, as I wasn't at all sure I would be able to stand up yet anyway, I decided to try and regain some initiative and hopefully get a little payback for the trauma of the last 10 minutes. 

While her hand that had so sweetly fondled my breast was dropping to her side I grasped it and brought it swiftly between my legs. This also had the effect of bringing her head down level with mine and I could see her eyes widen slightly in shock at what she felt as I pushed her fingers against my soaked knickers and rubbed her hand up and down my pussy once. 

With her face mere inches from mine I closed the gap and did what I had wanted to from the start of the year when this girl had joined my class. 

I kissed her, on the lips. 

Her mouth had been slightly open anyway so I just pushed the tip of my tongue in until it touched hers, licked quickly at her tongue and lips, then withdrew. It felt wonderful, her lips so soft and warm, her breath had a hint of mint and something I couldn't identify...maybe just her youthful essence. My mind recalled the many men I had kissed and this was orders of magnitude better. I was 28 years old and this felt like a revelation in kissing! 

I sat back in my chair and was rewarded with the sight of the girl who had instigated it all now in the same stage of shock as I had been earlier. Mouth slightly open, cheeks flushing a faint pink and her breathing also coming in delicious little gasps. 

I slid her hand, still grasped in my own, firmly up and down my pussy once more thoroughly coating her with my wetness before I relinquished it and brought it back out from between my legs. I carefully placed her hand on the desk, well aware that she might be in the same "about to fall over" state I had been in when I stood behind her desk.

Carolyn stood looking at her hand where it lay on the desk, the moisture coating the back of her hand where I had rubbed it firmly into my wet crotch evident in the light. 

"Yes, that is what you did to me and you can thank all your lucky stars that I had just enough control not to let the whole class know I was coming in my knickers whilst I stood over your desk!" Although I said this almost sternly, there was a smile on my face I felt would take an Earthquake to shift.

Now that I had regained a modicum of poise I stood up and walked toward the door. Stopping as I reached it I said over my shoulder, "There are forms in the school office to fill in requesting extra maths tuition. The tuition takes place at my house after school on Wednesdays and Fridays.

I went out and pulled the door closed behind me.