 I grasped the back of her head tightly and tilted it back with a rough jerk of my wrist. Her mouth fell open in a moan and before she could resist, my lips were upon hers, claiming them with a violent need that enveloped us both. I felt her hands glide over my curves, coming around to my front to massage my breasts as my tongue invaded her mouth, dancing across the inside, tasting the passion upon her own palate. She gave a light squeeze as a mew escaped her. I broke the kiss, both of us coming up for a quick gasp of air before I plunged us down again.

Without hesitation, I had her laid out in my bed, her white skin a stark contrast to the deep green of my comforter. Her tongue flicked out to wet her painted lavender lips and her black nails clawed at my tank top. Gladly I whipped it off and tossed it across the room, straddling her with ease as my bare breasts swayed and my nipples came to a rosy budding. She purred softly, reaching up to rub her thumbs over the perfect points. I jolted slightly at the contact but my hips began rotating in approval. 

I pushed up the hem of her t-shirt and exposed her own beautiful orbs. I filled both my hands with them and kneaded the flesh gently, pinching her nipples between the knuckles of my fore and middle fingers. Her hazel eyes fluttered shut again and her back arched into my touch. I easily bent over, my long blonde ponytail tickling the sensitive tip of her right breast. She let out a louder moan. I quickly fed off of it, latching my mouth onto her left breast and suckling eagerly at it. She began writhing with need, reaching a hand under my skirt to massage my mound.

The moan against her breast must have triggered something because it did not take long for her to flip me and reverse our position. She ground her knee into my crotch and continued playing with my nipples. Flicks, pinches, and twists all sent agonizing pleasure through me. It was almost too much, until without warning, she stopped. I opened my blue eyes briefly and through her black curtain of bangs met her gaze. She lowered herself to her stomach on the mattress; her hands gliding down my sides then up under my skirt. I felt the tug at my lacey underwear. I lifted my hips and felt the material slide down my legs slowly, seductively. Her hot breath was fast against my skin and I felt a ripple of anxiety as moisture seeped from my core.

My hips bucked suddenly as her mouth latched onto me, her tongue flicking out to attack my swollen clit. My silken folds were easily parted by her eager tongue. I moaned, gripping the sheets of my bed as my body undulated to the rhythmic movement of her mouth. This goddess was sampling my flower as one tastes sweet wine. She lapped at the folds. I felt myself cream so easily at her touch. Her attentions drove me higher and higher. Her tongue was soft against me and I nearly screamed from desire.

Pausing for a moment, she hoisted herself up and straddled me. She turned to present her lovely shaven cunt. Already glistening, her lips beckoned me like silky drapes of sweet dessert. I reached up and stroked the slit with a single finger. She shivered and uttered a gleeful cry of delight. I repeated my motion, down then up. Another shiver; another moan. Encouraged, I slid my finger deeper, stroking her within. Trying to distract herself, I felt her bend down, her mouth approaching my flower once more. She planted a sweet kiss just below my belly button and trailed the kisses continuously down.

I squirmed with need and tried to focus long enough to lift my head to kiss her. My tongue slipped out to taste her sweetness. I felt her jerk as I found her tasty little clit. I flicked it vigorously a few times with my tongue, all the while feeling her getting closer to my own. I tried to focus solely on my prize, but felt her hot kisses getting closer to their goal.

When her lips latched onto my sensitive bud I all but collapsed with the need to climax. My mind went numb and thoughts became incoherent. The final blast threw me over the edge. I felt myself explode as climax barreled into me without mercy, throwing my body into convulsions. My hips bucked violently and I heard her gleeful cry. "Cum for me, baby!"