 I blow into town unexpectedly and call from the airport to tell you that I will pick you up from work. I know this makes you nervous because you don't know if my appearance will "out" you or not. I arrive wearing my usual Jones New York pants suit with 'fuck me' Manolo Blahnik shoes. For all the world I am feminine and well groomed. I behave myself in front of your co-workers, but you know you need to get me out of there. Is it fear or sexual tension that you feel? 

We go down to the parking garage where I have parked my rental car. I tell you to walk ahead of me so that I can watch your ass as you walk. I want to see it move just for me. When we get to the car, you stand beside the passenger door waiting for me to unlock it for you. I turn you to face me, lean you back against the car and kiss you long and deep. I lean hard against you. You gasp as you realize that I am wearing a strap on dildo under my suit. "It's all for you, my darling" I whisper in your ear. I know you want me to fuck you with it, and I will, but not until you've begged me for it. You are flushed and breathless as I reach around you, unlock the car and tell you to get ready for a little adventure. I take you to a lesbian bar that I've been told about. I'm told that it's discreet, dark, and romantic. I'm told that there is always good music for slow dancing....all the better to tease you with. At the bar we move to the dance floor where there is great slow music playing. All the better to hold you, caress you, and tease you. I stroke your back. I kiss your neck. I tell you that you are the sexiest little bitch I've met in years. 

We sit down in a quiet, dark corner with our drinks and start to groove on the music. I whisper in your ear that I want you to finger yourself right here. I want to hear you sigh as you cum just for me. The danger of being seen excites you, and although you protest mildly, your hand finds its way up your skirt and into your panties. All the while you play with yourself, I play with your hair, blow in your ear, and nuzzle your neck. As I feel you tensing to cum, my hand finds your tit and pinches your nipple through your shirt. Your head turns so that we can kiss long and deep. I feel you shudder as you cum. 

My sweet darling...does it feel good? When your hand comes out from your panties, I take your fingers and suck on them. I love the taste of your juices. You excuse yourself to go to the bathroom and in your absence a wild bull dyke from the bar asks me if she can ask my bitch to dance. I tell her to have fun with you. She meets you as you come out of the can. She pulls you to the dance floor. You look to me to save you and I simply smile and urge you on. 

While she holds you tight and grinds into your pussy, I reach down and rub on that spot where my dildo rests in my suit pants. You can see me doing this and your eyes grow large with desire. I lick my fingers and see you moan. You want her to be me, and I want her to get you so hot you can barely breath. Finally, I rise slowly and meander over to take you back from the dyke. She is not happy and I tell her that one night I will let her have you. You sigh with relief and excitement as I take you into my arms. I ask you to tell me what you want. I want to hear you say the words. You beg me to take you home and fuck you. Later on, when we leave the bar, you tell me again that you want me to come home with you and make love to you. I say nothing. As we approach the car, I pull you into the shadows behind the car. I lift you up so that you are sitting on the hood of the car. I undo the zipper of my pants and let the dildo slide out. I spread your legs and move your panties aside. 

I pull you towards me so that your cut is filled up with the dildo. I pull you as tight to me as I can and you wrap your legs around my waist. Our mouths meet in long deep kisses. Our tongues explore our mouths, necks, ears. I whisper in your ear that I want you to come. I want to hear that noise you make when you come just for me. You start to rock against the dildo. I can feel your juices seeping out of you. I feel you tense up and I know that you are about to cum. I nibble on your ear and one hand finds those gorgeous tits. Cum, darling. Ahh, that's my girl. When you calm down, I help you into the car and we head to your place. When we get there, I give you a deep throat kiss and tell you to go in and dream about me. I know you want me to come with you, but tonight you will sleep alone. There will be other times, other places.