 Standing beside you, I could feel your fingers lightly touching the palm of my hand, soft, cool to the touch, electric and inviting. Your smile emanated across your face as you glanced toward me and I felt a welcoming surge rising between us. My need to touch you was so great, I had to touch you so I took your arm in mine we moved closer together as we walked from the Mall. Moving my hand to your body, feeling the curve of your waist as we walked, you looked at me and my head spun as you turned toward me and kissed my cheek. My head spun and my heart raced with that anticipation of love; love expressed in a purity of devotional emotion and respect, all mingled with the desire of sexual need.

How we came to this point I am unsure, but it was a point of which I had dreamt of so many times, often waking in the night in a sense of reality, but quickly understanding it was only a dream. Until now, until this moment, the simplest touch of a finger entwining itself with my own, a smile, different than any other, not of amusement but of adoration intermingled with a recognition of mutual desire and need. Everything about you seemed to be bringing me closer to you, a pulling together akin to the unlike poles of a magnet, one drawing the other closer and closer, an overwhelming need for contact. 

So it happened, that once we arrived at my home, as the door closed we faced each other and spontaneously came together, a hug, close and warm in each others arms. My head nestled into the folds of your neck the touch of your skin came to my lips. Kissing your neck, your ears, I sensed your body moving closer to me. Releasing a sigh your head rolled back as I moved my kisses from your neck to your cheek and your eyes. Your perfume emanated into my senses as quite insidiously our lips slowly came closer and closer together, the soft vermillion of your lips felt loving and sensual to my own, and in lightly kissing you, your lips parted I lightly ran my tongue around their periphery and our lips molded together mingled in a joining of sexual arousal, that first kiss that finally comes in a moment of unspoken passion. 

"Shall we go somewhere more comfortable?" 

There was no spoken reply, but as I moved away you placed your arm around me as we walked toward my bedroom. Walking along the corridor I hesitated, stopped, and holding your face in my hands I kissed you before asking: 

"My Darling Love, are you sure?" 

You smiled as you kissed me in return, your tongue exciting my own in its response, a response heightened by your hands caressing me to you... 

"Yes, my love, I am sure."

Lying side by side we held each other close, kissing, caressing each other in the way only true lovers can. My eyes closed, my hands glided over your body, sensitively exploring you, getting to know you in a manner that I had longed for so long. We had known each other for many months, we had chatted we had even danced together at a company event, but that was a straight, business event. Never-the-less, I had wanted you since our very first meeting. But you were straight, married, I not knowing you were in the throws of divorce, but now I was lying with you, kissing you, my hand now caressing your breasts. Even though contained within the restraints of your brassiere I could sense the hardening of your nipples beneath my touch. My kisses to your lips, your face, and your neck were matched by your own loving attentions as the emotions of desire rose between us. Your hand cupped my breast and the light squeeze of your fingers was sensitively stimulating my every thought.

Laying you on your back I undid the buttons of your silk blouse and the wonder of your cleavage came into my view. Gladly I found you wore a front fastening bra, which I undid allowing me to relish in the view of your exposed breasts. Leaning forward, gliding my lips over each before moving to your nipples and the brown areolar circles surrounding them, my lips enveloped a nipple and my tongue circled around it. Your body arched toward me as you took in a deep sighing breath, as I heard you say,

"Oh my Love." 

In that moment your hand was on the back of my head guiding me from one breast to the other.

Romantic moments passed as I lavished my attentions to your breasts, moving to and fro, kissing each and then relishing in the kisses of your mouth and the sweet taste of your saliva on my lips. Momentarily moving away I quickly removed my top and my bra before removing your opened blouse and bra... Kissing again, our tongues were excitedly vying for self pleasure; I lowered my breasts to yours. This moment, this sensation, this incredible softness of breast against a lover's breasts never fails to send a shiver down my spine. It is a feeling like no other and wanting to give you the ultimate of pleasure I straddled across your upper thighs and proceeded to caress and stroke your naked torso with my nipples and my breasts, moving from waist over tummy and then again to your breasts, encouraged by the feel of your hands stroking over my shoulders and my naked back.

Straddled above you, your hands cupped my breasts, your fingers deftly squeezed my nipples, moving your hands to my sides I felt you pulling me up, and as I did so you leant forward to kiss and suckle on my nipples before once again kissing my open mouth, delighting in wet kisses of passion. I could feel the heat of your body rising toward me and moving to your side I whispered: 

"Undress." 

It was a loving request to have your beautiful body totally exposed to me and the touch of mine against you, the privilege of seeing you naked for the first time; naked; beautiful and desirable; images and emotions that until this moment I had only experienced in the fantasies of my dreams and masturbation.

"My Darling lover, you are beautiful." 

We lay together our kisses seemed to rise to another level, our bodies coming together as one, each melting into the form of the other. You surprised me by rolling me onto my back and sitting astride me, as I had done to you only minutes ago. Moving as I had done massaging my body with your breasts, I was in absolute bliss at the joy of every touch, of every teasing dangle of your breasts close to my lips but never close enough to kiss... The enigmatic smile on your face was teasing and loving, I could take no more, as you came enticingly close to my face I wrapped my arms tightly around you and drew your swollen nipple to me, sucking it in hard, I heard and felt your sharp intake of breath as I gently bit on the gloriously puckered and now hardened flesh of your nipples. 

I wanted you, I needed you, and as I playfully rolled you over I rolled on top of you, kissing you deeply, wanting the love of your kiss! As I lay atop of you, your arms wrapped around me, responding to my every touch, my every kiss, I felt, and I believe you felt, every thought that was passing through my mind. Instinctively your legs moved apart and lying now within your thighs the heat of your pussy sent a glow through my body, you kissed me deeply as I moved my Mons steadily against your clit!

Ever rising passion was evident within our kisses, our hands moved spontaneously as we touched each other, stroking, squeezing, kisses so eminent in passion causing the entire experience to overwhelm us; I had to know you!

Moving down, kissing, licking a trail over your beautiful body I watched as your expression changed to knowing reality. Biting your lip, your head pushed back into the pillow, your hands moved to my scalp gently caressing. Closer and closer I kissed my way down, kissing each breast, softly suckling on each nipple before continuing my journey. Licking between your cleavage in my descent, I felt your hands now pushing me onward, it was a glorious expression of your wanton passion and I loved it...

My kisses came to your Mons, my hot breath floated over you, and as I inhaled I savoured the loving odour of your pussy now so close to my face. Kissing and licking each and every angle at the apex of your thighs and down into your groins. My mouth now enveloping your Vulva, again I heard your deep sighing breath; your fingers scratched into my head as you bent your knees up and even further apart, offering yourself to me as my tongue ran its tortuous route between your opening and your now, very wet pussy lips. Oh lover the sweet taste of you, the smell of you, everything came together encouraging my every move. Kissing and licking your labia again and again, cherishing the love that was beneath me, the joy of both the receiving and the giving of pleasure, the joy of kissing the now pouting lips of your love, your slit becoming wetter with every pass of my tongue. 

The spontaneity of your passion was so evident; your body was writhing beneath me, moving to and fro against my mouth. Oh my love you were so wet; your hands pulling on my hair, drawing me to you again and again. My tongue moving from within you and then up to your aroused, ever hardening clit. Licking in circles around and over your clit until quite suddenly, I sensed your body tense beneath me. Instinctively I knew this was your moment. As your body writhed my lips encircled your clit, your pelvis lifted from the bed and I placed my hands beneath the loving globes of your buttocks, supporting you, holding you up to my mouth as I sucked and sucked, frequently slithering my tongue down to your introitus and then back to your clit, immersing myself in the crescendo and loving pleasure of your creaming cum as you orgasmed beneath me. 

Oh yes, it was yours, but it was also mine... I had created this moment and as your pussy flushed with new wet flushes of cum I slowly immersed myself into drinking you into me, gently licking and kissing the lips of your love until your entire body relaxed. Lying back you breathed a sigh of satisfaction as I lay my head upon your abdomen, allowing you that moment of respite before once again ascending to kiss each nipple before rising again to kiss your welcoming mouth in a long, soft kiss of love! 

Being still between your legs, my Mons was resting at the top of your wet slit. I could feel your clit, still hard beneath me and as we kissed I sensed the reaction of your body as I began to fuck against you. Within your kiss your tongue was moving veraciously against my own as you rode your clit against me, mewling in passion you suddenly wrapped your legs around me, screaming:

"Harder, oh Aimie, fuck it harder; I'm coming again, give it to me now, Oh fuck baby, oh Fuck!"

Fucking you hard, I was also moving my Mons from side to side, my whole desire to give you what you craved as we fucked in rhythm, one with the other until your second orgasm took hold of your entire body and once again your cum smothered my pussy... I had to have the taste of you, but my body also craved orgasm. I moved around slipping myself over you and turning into a 69 your mouth, in company with mine filled with the pussy of the other, each tongue fucking the cunt of the other. For me, I was lapping up your orgasmic cum, for you were fucking me to, I believe, the quickest achievement of orgasm that I have ever known, and when I cum, I flood and from the noises you were making you were loving every moment as my cum fed you and also covered your face and neck with the cream of my orgasm.

Pushing me of you, you were now at my side, your leg between my thighs, your knee bent up and your thigh writhing against my crotch as we kissed and licked cum from each others face. This was the moment I knew that this was the lover of whom I had been searching for such a long time and would want at every passing moment.