 Every time she drove past it, she looked up at the sign. Topless. She was always curious about topless bars and never had the guts to go in one. Why were only guys allowed to have fun? Of course she heard stories about what it was like inside, how the women came on stage wearing some seductive piece of clothing, and little by little stripped down to a G-string, all the while grinding out a song from the jukebox. Or how they could have a lap dance, a personal little striptease so close to them that the women would grind about an inch away from the men's throbbing bulges. That electricity is what she was curious about. She wanted a lap dance, to see the curves up close, to smell the intoxicating perfume of the dancer, even to feel the breeze that her hair makes whipping around. To block out everything around them and have that charged erotic connection just between her and the dancer.

One night as she was driving by one upscale topless bar, she just decided to go in. There really wasn't anything different about that night from any other, she just said to herself, 'Why not?'

Ten minutes past and she was still in her car parked in the lot but too scared to get out. Just as she almost talked herself into starting the car again and driving away, someone rapped on the car window. She jumped at the unexpected sound. It was a woman, cute, with short dark hair, asking her to roll down the window, and then waiting for her to do it. "If you're coming in, honey, you better do it now, or you're going to miss my show." She gave her a quick wink. 

"Um," she had no idea what to say. "Are you a dancer?" she managed to ask. 

"If you call it that. But I'll tell you what, I really love seeing some women in the place." She paused, and looked at her more closely. "Come in with me and I'll buy you a drink before I go on. Introduce you to some of the girls. I'm Sonia"

She hesitated, but Sonia wasn't leaving, so she rolled the window back up, took a deep breath, and grabbed her bag. "Why not?" 

Inside was louder than she expected. It was dark, and as she looked further into the crowd, the sea of men gave way to one, then two and three women on stage moving to the music. These were some of the hottest women she had ever seen. The one closest to her was naked except for a thong and some pumps, and her breasts were perfectly round with wonderful brown nipples standing straight out. Soon she saw why those nipples were so erect. Every few seconds, the dancer would slowly slide her hands up over her breasts and pinch those flawless nipples into hard buttons. It was apparent that the men loved this. And so did she. She couldn't stop staring at those hands, the long, tapered fingers, the red-painted fingernails twisting that brown nipple until it was red. She could almost feel the heat from it. 

They sat down near the bar and the woman dancing gave a quick wave over to Sonia before stepping down off the stage and walking over. "Hey baby" she said to Sonia, and leaned over the bar and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. She stared at those perfect breasts so close now. "This is my new friend," Sonia said, laughing. "I found her in the parking lot."

"Hey baby, I'm Mona" the dancer said to her now, and leaned over to kiss her as well. She leaned forward automatically, expecting maybe a peck on the cheek, but instead received a kiss, just like Sonia's, on the lips. This level of intimacy froze her for a moment, and she started to wonder what she got herself into. But it was nice to have some women around her, to have a buffer from all those horny men in the place. 

Mona slipped on a white blouse and buttoned a few buttons just so that it stayed closed around her, but nothing could hide what was underneath. She came around to the other side of the bar and together the three of them ordered cocktails. "I'll get it girls," Mona said, slipping the female bartender some money and a big smile. "She doesn't charge me full price."

"Yeah, you work it off later!" Sonia yelled, and they both laughed. She became very shy around these two and she sat quietly while they chatted and watched the other dancers. They were all so beautiful and confident. Some were tall and thin, some more curvy and sexy, and she couldn't take her eyes off of them. 

She told them that it was her first time in a topless bar, ("NO!" they laughed. Was it that obvious?) They asked her why she came in.

"I don't know. Curious, I guess," she said, but really she got turned on by women's bodies. She hadn't really told anyone, and hadn't really even confessed it much to herself, but that was the real answer of why she was there. Just thinking about a women's body made her hot; the soft legs, that sexy curve at the small of the back when arched, and especially big, beautiful breasts. She loved everything about them. How tight tee shirts clung to them, the vague outline of a hard nipple under a coat. Even a glimpse of cleavage sent a thrill through her.

"Well, let's make your first time a good time," she heard Sonia say. "Buy me a drink while I change in the back, and I'll give you a lap dance before I go on." Sonia got up to go and without hesitating, gave her a kiss, more lingering this time, right on the lips. She was shocked, and Mona saw it in her face. 

"You're all red, baby! Sonia do that to you?"

She bought them both a drink, including a big one for herself. Sonia came back quickly and her eyes locked onto her. Her face must have given her away, because Sonia laughed, saying she always gets that reaction in this outfit. She was wearing a black and red laced satin teddy that looked like it was made for her. She didn't really think about Sonia's body before except that she was on the short side, maybe about 5'4", dark hair, full lips and pretty. Sonia kept her coat on at the bar, so she had no idea how absolutely stacked she was. These big double D sized breasts were spilling out of the teddy, and her body immediately reacted to them. She felt warm again, and she knew she was turning red. 

"How cute," Mona said. "She's blushing again. You should have seen her, Sonia, after you kissed her!"

"No I wasn't," she stammered, but Sonia knew, and it didn't matter. She wanted this woman close. 

Sonia took her drink in one hand, and grabbed her wrist with the other and brought her back to the lounge area where there were sofas for lap dances. It was still early and no men around in the back, so they kind of had the place to themselves. 

"OK, relax, sit down, take your coat off, and just focus on me." Sonia helped her out of her coat. The lights were soft in the back, mostly glowing red, and it almost felt like they were invisible to everyone else. Sonia stared into her eyes and waited until she had her full, undivided attention. 

The music was on but she didn't hear it. Sonia started moving, slowly, right in front of her. Sonia turned her back to her, giving her flirtatious looks over her shoulder. Her ass was moving from side to side, building a nice rhythm. When Sonia turned back to face her, she had her arms in front, hiding those beautiful full breasts, teasing her and not letting her get a full look. 

She was getting very turned on. She could feel her own voluptuous body react. She felt tingling on her nipples and from her pussy. Her mouth was dry and she automatically moistened her lips with her tongue. Sonia noticed that; she was very good at what she did. 

Sonia kept moving and now she was moving her hands up and down her body. She squeezed her breasts and her nipples poked out just over the low cut satin material of the teddy. It was just then that Mona came up behind the sofa and gave her shoulders a tight squeeze. The touch seemed to have let out the pressure that was building in her body, and she accidentally let out a slight sigh that was barely heard by the girls and by no one else. Mona leaned down so that her face was right on her neck. Her breath was warm and she could smell her perfume. She didn't take her eyes off of Sonia, and Mona's breath on her ear caused her nipples to get stiff. Mona nibbled her ear, and then slid her hands down her shirt, and without saying anything, started to unbutton her blouse. She didn't even think to stop her. It was the three of them, nobody else in the place, dark, red pulsing light, loud music, and they were alone to do whatever they wanted. When Mona got to the last button she slid her hands over her breasts. Instead of a bra today, she was wearing a camisole, and her tits felt great now. The nipples were sticking straight out against the soft cotton, and she started to slowly wiggle her ass around, just slightly, on the sofa, enjoying the pressure building up.

Sonia started grinding real close to her now. She was mesmerized by the sights and sounds of the place. Mona stayed behind her, gently massaging her nipples and kissing her neck as Sonia picked up her hands and placed them on her waist. With one hand on each side, she felt the rhythm that Sonia was dancing to, and it almost made her sway back and forth as well. She was completely in her spell, and Sonia knew it. She wanted it. In fact, Sonia wanted it from the minute she saw her out in the car. Sonia slowly swayed down, and the hands that were on her hips slowly moved up that wondrous curvy body. She felt the weight of those breasts and lifted them up and together. She ran her hand over Sonia's nipples and squeezed them hard. 

These girls were working her over good. They got tired of dancing for men and loved it when women came in. They would flirt with them and tease them relentlessly and, occasionally, they would get carried away and bring them to the changing room. And that's what they did now. Quickly, making sure the bartender didn't notice, Sonia grabbed her and Mona lead the way to the back. Inside, they pushed her down on the old couch and grabbed the dildo that they kept back there for these times. Her eyes widened when she saw it, partly because this was going father then she ever expected, but also it was exactly what she wanted to feel, something big and hard and unforgiving inside of her. Sonia knelt on top of her with her pussy right over her face, and she could see her moist lips peaking out from under the teddy. Sonia starting rubbing her clit in nice, slow circles, grazing her fingers over her pussy lips. She teased them open and then closed again as she rubbed. She felt like she was loosing control and didn't even know her hips were thrusting up to Sonia's hand, wanting more.

Sonia had her lips and tongue on her clit as she slowly slid the dildo into her. She was concentrating on Sonia's lips on her, and before she knew it, she had that awesome feeling that only a stiff cock, or a hard dildo, could give her. Her muscles tightened around it. Mona, who was until then paying more attention to herself, now directed some attention to her. With Sonia never stopping the rhythm of the dildo inside of her, Mona and Sonia took turns licking her pussy and kissing each other. She had to raise her head up from under Sonia's legs to see her own wetness pass from Sonia's tongue to Mona's. She felt the orgasm coming up now. Mona had her hand on her clit stroking her, Sonia was licking between her fingers, the dildo slowing fucking her good. When the orgasm finally blasted through her, her hips thrust up; her pussy swallowed the whole length of the dildo and she pushed up on Sonia's wet mouth until the shaking stopped. 

After another round of drinks with the girls at the bar, she left. That was the only time she had gone into a topless place. But now she knew what happened in there. And she knew that men aren't the only ones that get to have fun.