 If you'd asked me a year ago what kind of things I'd like sexually, I wouldn't have much to tell you. I was fairly naïve - but then I met Amy and everything changed. My mind and my pussy were open to so many new experiences. 

I wouldn't class myself as attractive, around five feet five, red hair, blue eyes and carrying a couple of extra pounds that I probably should get rid of. The only part of my body I really like is my eyes. Apart from all of that, I knew that if I were ever to meet someone, that they'd be in for something amazing - I know how to treat a girl right. 

I'd met Amy through a dating website. We hit it off and started texting non-stop throughout the summer and I knew the day I got to look at her and touch her would be the best day of my life. 

I was worried though, at 24 she had much more experience than I did sexually, and I was worried that I'd make a fool of myself. 

I never believed that phone sex could be good, I always assumed that it never felt the same as actual sex, but Amy was about to show me how wrong I was. 

One night she called me and half way through, she went quiet and after a few seconds, she said: 

"What turns you on Izzy?" 

"I don't really know to be honest, I haven't done a lot of stuff," I answered. 

"Well what if I said I wanted to kiss you? Would you like that?"

"Yes"

"What if I wanted to touch your nipples?"

"What would you want to do to them?"

"I'd roll one between my thumb and forefinger, pinching you when it got nice and hard. Then I'd wrap my mouth around the other one, sucking and licking it and nibbling on it when you started to moan."

I sighed loudly at the thought of her mouth on my breasts. 

"Aww does my baby like that? Does she like the thought of my tongue rolling around over her body, finding every crevice and planting small kisses? Does she like the thought of my fingers ever so gently caressing her body?"

All I could do was let out a whimper, every single part of my body shuddered, and I knew I had to have her. I had to know what it would be like to feel her skin, beneath my own fingertips. 

"Fuck sake, you need to stop teasing me and meet me." 

"Friday night, 6pm, you can pick me up. I'll text you my address."

The line went dead and she was gone. And I was left on my bed feeling excited that I'd gotten my date, and when I reached down, I noted my pants were soaked, she'd left me so fucking wet. 

I had to look good, but I also had to have a plan. There was no way I wasn't fucking her tonight. I was inexperienced, but the weeks of teasing, and endlessly fingering my own cunt, had to come to an end. I wanted her, and I was damn sure I was going to get her. 

I dolled myself up in a royal blue dress, my red hair flowed down past my shoulders and stopped just at my cleavage. God my tits looked good, I'd bought a matching blue underwear set, which at £60 was pricy, but made me look damn hot. 

I'd booked a hotel room for us, and I'd tried to deal with any issues so that I could make the night run as smoothly as possible. My main concern would be that she had decided against sex, what if it wasn't what she wanted. 

That though was soon quashed as she came out in a red pencil skirt and white blouse and the highest heels I'd ever seen. 

"Hi babe," she said as she sat herself down in the passenger seat, I leaned over to kiss her cheek and say hello, and it was during this short exchange I felt her hand on my thigh, and I was pretty sure I would be tasting much more than Italian food tonight. 

We went out for dinner and had a lovely meal, and as we walked back to my car, my heart began to pound, I knew that it was now or never, if I kissed her, we could go to that hotel and the night wouldn't end. Or if I wimped out, then she'd get in the car and I'd drive her home. 

"Did you enjoy your meal?" I asked as we reached the passenger door.

"It was beautiful, the mushrooms were just to die for," She said smiling at me. 

"That's good, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. Is there anything you'd like to do now?" I asked. 

"Hmm, maybe...why don't you come here and find out," Her smile changed to a grin as I walked forward and my mouth found hers. 

Her lips were soft and the remnants of the red wine were still locked inside them. Her tongue met mine and soon I had her pressed up against the side of my car, my hands on her hips, pulling her closer to me, I wanted to feel her. Our mouths explored each other for a few more minutes before she pulled away. 

Breathlessly she said: "Is there somewhere we could go?" 

Not even answering her I opened the door and guided her in and jumping in the drivers side, I headed for the hotel. 

"As you can tell, I wasn't expecting this," I said laughing as I grabbed her hand and led her into room 143. The door wasn't even shut properly when we were pulling at each others clothes. The naïve nerves I was having, seemed to leave me and 

I took control of everything.

I picked her up and threw her on the bed, Amy looked at me, shocked but with a hunger in her eyes that made me want to fuck her more. I climbed on top of her, so she was trapped beneath my legs and grabbing the loose material of her shirt, I pulled it open and started kissing her neck and collarbones - occasionally going back up to her lips and kissing her deeply. 

Her breathing started getting heavier as I undid her bra and started to slowly wandered down her body. I stopped at each breast and slowly sucked, kissed and bit at them. I could feel her hands wander through my hair, pulling my face closer into her. 

When I was happy that her nipples were at full attention, I again started to move down. I reached her hips where her skirt was and said: "Do you want me to take it off?"

I didn't get a response, just a moan and I took that as a yes. The skirt was no bother, it came off easily. And soon it was only a fine pair of lace panties that was in the way of me and her pussy. 

I put her legs over my shoulders and pulled her panties off as I lay sweet kisses on the inside of her thighs - her moaning got louder the closer I got to her soaking pussy. 

"Fuck me," She said. 

With those words, I did just that. My tongue plunged deep into her pussy, she tasted amazing. Her pussy was shaved, so when my tongue wasn't in her, it was all around the lips and back to her thighs again. 

I liked my tongue in her, and by the noises she was making, so did she. 

My tongue came out of her and started playing with her clit, dancing over it so she was just jerking around on the bed in pleasure. I inserted two fingers into her sopping cunt as my tongue played with her clit.

"FUCK. I'm going to come! Oh my fucking god that's good!" Amy yelled. I started pounding my fingers into her harder and harder, my tongue going faster on her clit. 

I felt her legs start to clamp around my body, she was coming, and she was coming hard. 

I took my fingers out and covered her whole pussy with my mouth, I didn't want to miss a mouthful of what she tasted like. The minutes felt like hours when she climaxed and came, but between her legs is the only place I should have been. 

When her muscles started to ease, and her breathing started to go back to normal, I worked my way back up to her and kissed her deeply so she would be able to taste herself on my lips. 

She kissed me hungrily as her own hands started to wander down my stomach to my ass and the hem of my dress. In my hurry to taste her, I was still fully clothed. She peeled my dress over my head and I was hovering above her in my underwear. 

She brought her thigh up and separated my legs and I felt her knee on my cunt. "You're wet," She whispered in my ear.

"Oh I know, please just use this and fuck me," I said as I handed her an eight inch dildo. I'd popped into the room before our date and put some nice essentials in there - and my dildo was an essential. I needed to be filled up during sex, I needed to feel full and fucked deep. Masturbating had taught me exactly what I liked. 

"Get on your knees, bitch," Amy said and I obeyed. She tore my underwear from my hips and made sure my bra was off before she lay on her back and had her head between my legs and I felt her wet tongue run the length of my slit. God I wanted to come just from that touch. 

She told me that I wasn't allowed to come without her permission, and at that, she clamped her mouth on my clit and I started grinding harder on her face because it felt so fucking good. 

I felt the tip of my dildo on the slit of my cunt and I hoped that she'd fuck me soon. 

"I'm not going to fuck you with it, you're going to fuck yourself." She said to me. She told me I was to sit down on the dildo and if I did it right, it'd go deep into my cunt. So that's what I did, and it felt amazing, I loved being filled up and it was so fucking thick and I groaned in pleasure as it went into me. 

Amy hadn't moved from her position and as soon as my pussy came down to the hilt of my dildo, I realised she'd stayed there so her tongue would make contact with my clit when I came down. 

I fucked my dildo harder and harder just so I could feel her tongue on my soaking wet cunt. 

"I'M COMING! OHHHH FUCKKKK I'M COMING!" I yelled at the top of my voice. Then it all stopped. My toy was taken out of my pussy, and Amy moved up. "Get on your back now bitch." She ordered.

I did and soon she was over me and pounding my pussy with the dildo and her mouth was over my tits sucking at biting.

"Come for me baby," She said, "come for me." 

She went harder and faster and soon my orgasm came, and I screamed in pleasure, just as I was in the throws of the orgasm, she took the toy out and replaced it with her mouth. 

She licked me clean, tasting every part of me. God I wanted her to never stop. 

We were both breathing hard when she lay next to me, I knew our night had only just begun and it would be the first of many.