 You grabbed hold of my hands, guided me into the room, closing the door behind us. I pulled my hand back as you as you made your way towards the large double bed, dominating the centre.

I was nervous. My body felt stiff and rigid. You just turned around and smirked at me. You knew this was my first time with a female, and I knew it slightly amused you, but I was afraid you wouldn't understand my fear. It wasn't the act of being sexual with another girl that I was afraid of, it was the idea of being bad at it. It was almost the exact way that I felt the first time I was with a guy, except girl on girl wasn't the kind of thing covered in school sexual education lessons. To an extent I was oblivious, and had no idea what to expect. I didn't want to embarrass myself, but mostly I didn't want to disappoint you. 

"Come on." you laughed as you walked back towards me "I'm going to make you orgasm one way or another, so you might as well join in the fun." You placed a soft and gentle kiss on my lips, leaving me yearning for more.

Your fingers gripped the bottom of my top and I took a deep breath as you slowly pulled it off, my hands instinctively went to cover myself, but it was pointless. I still had a bra on to hide the essentials. Next you pulled my jeans down, leaving me standing there in just a pair of sexy revealing underwear.

Standing in front of a female half naked was different than that of a man. Part of it made me feel more comfortable about myself. It was a situation I encountered on a regular basis, at the gym. Yet at the same time I felt humiliated, like you were judging me more than a guy would. 

You reached towards me and brushed my hair behind my shoulders, then took a step back staring at me up and down. 

"Beautiful." You whispered. Standing there looking at me expectantly.

"Go on then." You urged. It took me a couple of seconds to grasp what you were suggesting. You wanted me to undress you. I felt stupid for not realizing that earlier.

"Sorry." I mumbled. I completely avoided eye contact with you as a I removed your clothes. You made no effort to help, which made it all the more difficult for me. Once done, I stepped back and looked at you slightly shocked. You were beautiful, a body to be envious of. What caught my eye in particular was what you were wearing. I felt almost like I was looking in a mirror. We both wore a black lace push up bra lined with a deep purple lace. The underwear followed the same theme, except while mine were styled into a French cut, you chose to wear a thong version. Then I remembered that this was the underwear you gave me, followed by the special request that this was what I wore tonight, I should have know this would happen, you always had this fantasy, the two of us dressed in the same underwear. Suddenly I felt my body relax. It was this that made me remember who you were. You were the person who would protect me, who would push me to my limits, but most importantly you were the person I could confide in. So why was I nervous about doing this with you? When you knew all my deepest, darkest, and kinkiest secrets. If I was going to lose my girl on girl virginity to anyone, who would be better than you. 

"They almost suit you more than me." You joked. You pushed me up against the wall and kissed me on the lips. I kissed back, my first time actually kissing a girl....properly! You ran your hands down my body and began kissing my neck. A small moan escaped my lips and I could instantly feel your smile growing bigger. You felt victorious, and you knew from this moment that you were going to give me the greatest orgasm of my life.

You once again grabbed my hand and guided me over the bed, this time I complied. You unhooked my bra and threw it to the other side of the room. I was no longer bothered about being on show, I just wanted you. You pushed me down onto your bed, pinning my wrists to my sides. You sucked my hard nipples, teasing them with your tongue, softly biting them. I could feel my pussy covered in my juices, screaming for your attention. My wrists tried to escape your grip. I wanted you, I wanted to touch you, but instead you just shook your head and went back to playing with my nipples.

"Keep your hands there." You instructed, "If you move them I'll stop." I nodded as you released your grip on my wrists. Your hands ran along my body, following the shape exactly as your fingers brushed over my breasts, along my stomach and millimetres away from my pussy. You grabbed my pants and pulled them down. Now I was finally naked, vulnerable, completely compliant to whatever you may want. You ran a finger along my clit and grinned down at me.

"Oh my, you're definitely enjoying this." I could feel my face become flustered but I couldn't help but grin in return. You brought your wet finger up to your mouth and ran your tongue all over licking it clean, with a seductive glint in your eye. Your fingers returned to my clit, stroking fast and hard. I clawed at the bed sheets trying to keep control of my body. You pushed one, then two, then finally three fingers into my soaking pussy. I gasped from shock or pleasure, I wasn't entirely sure. You pushed them in and out, your thumb still rubbing my clit. You leant down and placed a single kiss above my pussy. 

"I'm going to go down on you now." you said,

"No! Please don't" I panicked. I tried to sit up, maybe I was trying to get away but you pushed me back down onto the bed, holding me there.

"Trust me ok." You insisted. Before I had time to answer your head was between my legs, your tongue running against my clit. It was different than I expected, a completely new sensation. This paired with my pre-existing horniness I felt wild and ready. My hands left where you had put them, and grabbed your hair. I didn't know what I wanted, quicker, harder, whatever brought me pleasure. As if on cue I completely lost control. My body shot up, pleasure poured through me, so intense my screams of ecstasy filled the room.

Seconds later I collapsed back onto the bed. My heart still pounding, my pussy still pulsating, and you sat there above me looking magical.

My eyes followed you as you walked around the bed to the bedside table where you opened the top drawer and pulled out a large strap on with a smirk across your face.

"My turn now." You grinned.