 It has been a whirlwind few weeks. A few weeks ago I was only fucking Andrew in my head. But since Andrew and mine's first sexual encounter in the alley behind the restaurant that has all changed. What was once only in my dreams, has now been played out in real life many times.

Besides the amazing sex, Andrew makes me feel special, beautiful, and wanted like I have never felt before. I come from a great family, whom loves me very much. But they have to love me and tell me that I am beautiful. Andrew chooses to! He makes sure that I know that I am the only girl for him.

Andrew and I spend as much time as we can together. We sleep over most nights at each other's apartments. Actually he is over here at my place right now. He is still asleep in my bed. We had a long and busy night at the restaurant. We skipped going out afterwards with the others like we do. We have also managed to keep our romance quiet at work and with our friends and family. I was not planning on having a relationship with anyone I work with. I want to be sure this is going to work and I am not sure how this will affect my authority as head chef and just want to be careful until we are ready for everyone to know.

It is eight in the morning and I am making his favorite breakfast from his childhood, only with a twist. Including hummingbird pancakes (made with bananas, pineapples and pecans, topped with whip cream), and sausage links. I have coffee brewing. All the smells from breakfast are mixing in the air making it smell so good in here!

I am wearing nothing but his t-shirt and my glasses of course. My hair is a mess from our fucking the night before, but I tried to use my fingers to somewhat tame it.

I have my favorite band, "The Civil Wars," playing on my iPod. One of my favorite songs of theirs, "Poison and Wine," is filling the kitchen. I am swaying back and forth getting lost in the heart wrenching lyrics of a troubled couple. "You only know what I want you to know. I know everything you don't want me to. Your mouth is poison, your mouth is wine. You think your dreams are the same as mine......Oh I don't love you, but I always will. Oh I don't love you, but I always will...."

"What more could a man ask for first thing in the morning?" Andrew says, startling me. "Breakfast, coffee, and a sexy girl in my t-shirt" then whistles at me.

I turn around to see Andrew standing in the kitchen doorway wearing his black and grey lounge pants with a devious look on his face. His eyes were glowing like fire, filled with lust. His soft, delightful lips slightly parted, ready to be ravished. I can see his happy trail leading to a delicious place that I have come to know very well. My mouth went dry at the divine sight of him.

"Is it ready? Man I am famished." He says with a devilish smile on his face. He knows good and well what I am hungry for now and it isn't food. But two can play that game.

"If you are talking about breakfast, then yes it is." I say turning on my heel and begin making our plates and cups of coffee. "Did you sleep well? I know I did, I always sleep better when you are in my bed. Especially right after great sex!"

"You do? You must have slept very well last night then." He says with a wink and a crooked smile. Man I love his mouth and the things he does with it.

I walk over to the kitchen island where Andrew is sitting and sit down our coffee, then our plates of pancakes and sausage. As I sat down I made sure to touch him with my ass lightly. "As a matter of fact I did sleep very well last night, thank you very much. Now eat up my hungry man!"

We sit next to each other lightly touching each other every once in a while. I took my finger and dragged it across the whip cream topping on my pancakes and slowly licked it off my finger, watching him the whole time. I could see him shift and knew I was getting to him. However Andrew was trying to hide it. I picked up one of my sausage links and began sucking the juices off of it. I was enjoying every tantalizing moment of teasing him. This went on for a few more minutes, until Andrew couldn't take it any longer.

Andrew stood up and turned me around in my stool so he is standing between my legs and staring deep into my eyes. I could see he was very turned on. His erection was tenting his lounge pants and was getting ever closer to my now moist pussy. He starts to reach his hand toward my face. Thinking he was going to tuck my hair behind my ear like he usually does before kissing me. I was surprised as he kept reaching. He leans into me and gets some whip cream from my pancakes and brings his fingertip to my mouth.

"Open," Andrew demands.

He is sexy as hell when he is demanding. I open my mouth and he slips his finger in.

"Now, suck on it." He continues in his stern voice.

I do as I am told and begin licking and sucking his finger. It tasted sweet. Andrew ran his other hand up and down my thigh. Each time he was getting closer and closer to my increasingly aching womanhood. He gets more whip cream on his finger. This time putting it below my ear, then licked it off with his silken tongue.

"Raise your arms up." Andrew tells me. I again do as he demands. He then lifts the shirt off me and throws it over to the side somewhere. Leaving me completely exposed. My C cup breasts are now bare and my nipples grow hard, as the cool air from the fan above brushes over them.

He continues putting whip cream on my collar bone, where I have a tattoo with a few small birds flying away, and then he licks the whip cream off and then kisses each bird. This makes me smile.

Then Andrew moves down to my milky white, supple breasts. He takes his time to tease each nipple, licking and sucking one after the other. His mouth on my breasts feels exquisite and I begin to moan as he nips them gently. He continues rubbing his hands on my inner thighs softly, which gives me goose bumps all over my body.

Then he grabs my waist and lifts me up to the counter. He must have moved my plate at some point, I didn't even notice. He then puts the whip cream on his finger again. He gives me a soft gentle kiss. I am reeling at the thought of where he is going with his finger this time. Then he slowly slips it into my tight hot pussy.

He is being such a tease with this pace though. It is taking all the power within me to not take control. Instead I succumb to his pace and just allow him to make a meal out of me. I tangle my hands in his hair while Andrew continues to invade my mouth with his tongue. I begin biting and tugging on his bottom lip. I hear him groan. Andrew slips in another finger and begins pumping them faster and using his thumb to work my clit. This is more my speed!

"Andrew! That feels so good. Yeah.... Keep it up." I begged him.

I take one of my hands and slowly trace his neck, shoulder, chest with my fingertips. Finding my way to his happy trail that leads me to that place I love! I untie the string on his lounge pants and gently tug as they fall to the floor. Andrew steps out of them and kicks them away. I begin groping his perfect ass. I run my fingernails up to his back and back down again finding my way to his happy trail again. This time I followed it all the way down and wrapped my small hands around his big hard cock and started pumping. The faster I pumped his fat shaft, the faster his fingers worked my pussy.

"Tori you are so fucking sexy you know that don't you?" He said as we continued kissing and as he kept finger fucking me and playing with my clit.

"Yes, I am beginning to believe that. You make me feel sexy." I confessed as I was fighting back an orgasm that I felt building.

Andrew must have sensed that I was on the verge of coming and quickly withdrew his fingers and plunged his face into my near orgasmic pussy. He was sucking on my clit hard and working it with his tongue. As I began to cum he started to lick up the juices that were flowing out of me. I held onto his head keeping him in place at my pussy as I screamed in ecstasy. He kept licking and sucking as my body began writhing around as waves of pleasure swept over my body.

As my body began calming down Andrew looked up at me with a twinkle in my eye and a huge smile on his face and said, "My turn!" Andrew grabbed my waist and put me down off the counter. Making sure I was steady on my feet, before sitting on the stool.

"It would be my pleasure, Sir!" I said coyly, as I began sinking to my knees.

I held his huge cock in my petite hand, and then I remembered the whip cream. I think he needs payback for earlier. I stand up and he grabs me.

"Where do you think you are going?" He asks.

"I decided I was hungry for more than your cock." I answered with a smile, as I reached out for the whip cream on his plate.

"Ooooohhh this is going to be excruciating and wonderful all at the same time. You are so naughty." Andrew replied, while leaning back against the counter.

I then put some of the whip cream on his mouth and kissed him lightly and licked the rest of his lips. Next I put some on his nipples and sucked it off. Moving down to his happy trail, I put some in his navel and licked it clean. Then I took some more whip cream and put it all down his trail, which leads to my happy place! Slowly I began licking, back and forth, up and down, until I found myself at his big, beautiful cock.

By now Andrew is moaning and pawing at me, but I am not done with him yet. I take some more of the whip cream and lightly put it on the tip, down the shaft, and base of his cock. I leave it there while I hold his balls and begin to lick his taint. I suck on each ball, while watching him watch me. I can see in his eyes he has been tortured enough, so I let go.

I finally pay attention to what he has wanted me to, and begging me to with his eyes. Beginning at the base I take all of the whip cream into my mouth with one big lick. Then slowly wrap my mouth around him taking most of him into my mouth the first time. Then come up to only suck on the head for a few moments.

"Fuck baby! You are too good to me! Your mouth is incredible!" Andrew barely gets out before I take him into my mouth again. Then I begin an assault on his big cock. Sucking and licking his big cock over and over again. I am relentless and get him right to the edge of orgasm then stop.

"What are you doing? I was almost their baby! Don't stop." He said with smoldering eyes.

"I don't know if I am hungry anymore. You're going to have to beg me if you want me to finish." I explained as I lightly flicked my tongue on the tip of his cock. "You want more?"

"Yes, I want you to suck my big fat cock until you make me cum, then I want you to drink my cum and swallow every drop of it!" He yelled. Then he continued softly, "Please and thank you!"

"OK since you said it so nicely, I will give you what you want." Then I began sucking his cock again.

I was down to his balls, gagging. I was very proud that I made it. Andrew stood up and held onto my head and I could feel him hitting the back of my throat as he fucked my face. I grabbed his ass and held on as he went faster and faster. I could feel him beginning to swell in my mouth. I knew he was getting ready to blow his load, so I held on tight.

"Ooohhh Fuck Tori!!!" He screamed as he blew his load and came in my mouth with great force.

As I took in all his cum and swallowed, Andrew grunted and said, "That's right, be a good girl and swallow all of it baby"

He pumped a few more times as the last little bit of his seed seeped into my waiting mouth. He lifted me up onto my feet. I thought to myself, a job well done if I do say so myself. Andrew tilted my head up and kissed me tenderly and lightly rubbed my back and shoulders.

Then with a swat to my ass says, "You are a very bad girl, teasing me like you do. But I wouldn't have you any other way."

"Back at you honey. I Love you." I whispered into his ears, as I rub the stinging on my ass. "I cooked, now you clean." Then kissed him on the cheek and walked away.

This is what it was like most days we were together. We were playful and loved to tease each other. But we could be serious and tender to. I think variety and having fun is what makes a great couple. At least from my limited experience, that is what seems to work for us.

Later that day Andrew and I went to the restaurant to get ready for the day. I was on cloud nine. First from the great fucking the night before and now the playful morning we had. I could not help but have a smile on my face. I have never been happier in my life.

After we prepped for dinner, it was time to present tonight's menu to the wait staff. When I walked out to the dining room I stopped dead in my tracks. There at the table with the rest of the wait staff and owner, sat a new waitress. She's tall and I could tell from her athletic build that she takes care of herself. She has dark blue eyes that look like the ocean, ruby red lips, and long curly blond hair.

I felt flushed immediately. I needed to compose myself so I can tell them about the dinner menu. As I was explaining the various dishes to the staff and as they tasted everything I was trying not to watch the new waitress. But watching her put the fork of my food in her mouth and seeing her enjoy it was very hot. I was drawn to her mouth and the way she licked them after a few bites. The way she closed her eyes, moaned slightly and tilted her head back was so hot. It was almost like she was trying to be sensual.

Finally they had tasted everything and would be able to talk to the customers about tonight's menu from firsthand experience. I could not get out of the front of the house quick enough. I went out the back door to cool down for a minute after... after... well whatever that was.

I decided to just brush it off. Maybe it's just my hormones or something. It isn't a big deal. Then I went back inside to start our busy service. I could not wait to get off and meet with the usual crowd of friends and co-workers at the diner. My nerves were shot and I needed to unwind.

At the end of the night Andrew kissed me and told me he wasn't going to the diner tonight. He has some stuff to do in the morning and needed to get to bed. So I went on to the diner by myself. It is your typical 50's style diner. They got an old school jukebox playing random music. They have the best hamburgers and fries! It really hits the spot after a long busy night.

When I got there it was pretty dead. There were a couple old guys that are regulars here, at the counter drinking coffee and eating pie. Over in a corner booth was some teenagers that I have not seen before. Then there was our crazy bunch.

"Hi everyone!" I yell at them from the door when I spot them at our usual table.

Everybody was there; Andrew's Brother Chris, Johnnie a chef from another restaurant, Sammy a cook and Andrea a waitress both from the restaurant......and..... oh my god it's her!!!!

It is the new waitress. How, why, what...... I can't even complete my thoughts as I begin to feel my cheeks heat and my pussy start to tingle. I guess Andrea must have invited her to come along. This will be an interesting night. Let's see how this goes. I hope I don't make a fool out of myself. I am thinking as I figure out where to sit. Then the new girl stands up.

"Hi my name is Olivia, the new girl. You can sit by me if you want." She tells me, with a southern drawl and pleasant smile. I stare at her mouth as she talks to me. Then she grabs my hand and tugs gently, pulling me to the table.

"Sure, I guess. It is nice to officially meet you Olivia. I am Tori." I tell her.

So I slide in the big corner booth where Olivia was sitting and she sits beside me. Andrews brother Chris on my right side and Olivia is on my left side. Johnnie, Sammy, and Andrea are across from me.

We all order our food and drinks. Olivia is telling us about herself. She is from the south somewhere, which is obvious by her accent. She moved here to get out of her little bitty town that's filled with a bunch of busy bodies. She doesn't like people knowing all her business she said. Then she immediately put her hand on my leg and squeezed, which of course sends a chill up my spine. What is she trying to say? There seems to be a hidden message here somewhere.

We are talking about work stuff and life in general. Then Johnnie begins telling us some hilarious story about a girl he went out on a date with recently, that went horribly bad. As Johnnie tells his story, Olivia begins rubbing my leg with her hand. Up and down slowly getting closer to my inner thighs and then closer to my now wet pussy. Oh my god, her touch feels so good.

I look around and see if anyone notices what she is doing and they are oblivious. Thank Goodness. How can I be feeling like this? I love Andrew and I am not into women. But she has got me so heated right now. I keep picturing her in my bed, kissing me....licking me....

"Yum this looks so good guys, you all have found a gem of a place!" Olivia says, interrupting my thoughts.

Relieved that the food is here I begin eating my burger and fries. Hopefully Olivia will leave me alone now. However, that isn't the case. While she doesn't have her hand on my leg anymore, she keeps licking the juice and salt off her fingers, ever so slowly. I notice Johnnie and Chris checking her out. I mean the girl is smoking hot and she is making a meal out of her fingers. It helps that she has mad sucking skills which are obvious now to. She has me so distracted and turned on; I can barely eat my food.

Finally everyone is finished and Johnnie tries to get Olivia to leave with him. But Olivia turns him down with her southern charm. So him and Chris leaves, with what appear to be some discomfort after that display Olivia just put on.

Andrea looks at Sammy; they have been hooking up for a couple months, and say, "You ready to go to my place? I know I am!" She says with promise in her eyes. Then they head off together.

"Well Olivia, I am going to head home to. It was nice hanging out with you. You should come back. I think you were a hit!" I tell her. I slide out from the booth and head to the door.

"Yeah I think I will be back. Did you walk here? If so I can walk with you, I am close by, over by the restaurant actually and don't like to be by myself this late at night." Olivia confesses to me, as she follows me out of the diner. She does look scared, but there is something else to, but I'm not sure what.

"Sure, I live a block down from the restaurant, so that's perfect." I tell her. Then she grabs my hand and tells me thank you.

As we are walking she is telling me more about her family back home. I tell her about mine as well. We had pretty similar lives growing up. She is very nice to talk with about that stuff and she understands small town life.

As we get in front of her place she lets go of my hand and turns to me, places her hands around my waist and says, "Well Tori, thank you for walking with me. It has been nice talking with you and getting to know you more. I would like to get to know you even better though."

Then she leans in and kisses me. Her mouth is just as soft and gentle as I imagined. Her tongue invaded my mouth as I opened it to invite her in. She tastes like cherries. I get lost in the embrace. Her hands are groping my ass and pulling me into her. But I quickly come to reality and realize what I am doing. I can't do this, not to Andrew.

So I pull away and tell her, "I am sorry if I have led you on or anything, but I have a boyfriend that I love very much and I just can't do this to him. I think you are gorgeous and really nice. But.... I just can't."

"Tori, you are a lovely girl and I am not surprised that you are seeing someone. I would be surprised if you weren't actually." Olivia asks me.

I don't know what to think. "If you know I am with someone then why are you hitting on me?" I ask her back.
