 This is a true story that happened this week. It begins in the middle of what I am calling the Sandy Chronicles that are about my relationship with my new lover Sandy or Lady Sandra when I get her into a domineering mood. 

My period hit me yesterday afternoon at work and it was really bad. I usually just spot a little and then it quickly goes away. Yesterday I was flowing which is unusual for me. It also snuck up on me. I knew it was getting to be that time of the month but there were none of the tell tale signs of bloating or cramping, although I usually do not bloat or cramp very much. Yesterday it just hit me out of the blue and then the cramps started. I wonder if it was all the sex I had last weekend with Sandy that led to the big surprise. I know a bisexual woman, my mother actually, who says she always tries to fuck just before and also during her period because she claims that it greatly reduces her bloating and cramps. She also says that it heightens her sensitivity and intensifies her orgasms, even though it can be a little messy. She also says she has known both men and women who enjoy going down on her when she is having her period. She calls it the "red tongue treatment." My mother and I have a pretty open relationship when it comes to sex, but there are some things that really do not need to be shared. 

I went home from work early and got out of my business clothes. I through my pantyhose away. They were such a mess that they were not worth saving. Another 12 bucks down the drain. When you are as tall as I am, drug store pantyhose just don't cut it. I have to order extra tall sizes over the Internet and they are pricy. 

I changed napkins, put on a pair of panties and my fluffy terry cloth robe, and made myself something to eat. The cramps were getting worse and I did not have even an aspirin in the apartment, and it was so cold and rainy outside I was not about to get dressed again and go out. To make matters worse, I had bounced a check with my cable company so I had not television to watch and no Internet access. I had brought some work home with me but the cramps made concentrating on it impossible. 

So I figured I would try my mother's remedy but since I am gay, I do not have a real cock handy. So I put a double layer of towels on the bed and got my little friend pictured above out of my toy box. My robe and panties came off, and the napkin got thrown away. I laid down on the bed, grabbed my cell phone and called Sandy to see if she wanted to have some phone sex. I explained the predicament that I was in and interestingly enough she had gotten her period that day also. I told her what I was planning on doing and she said she would do the same thing but she asked me to wait an hour until she put the kids to bed. 

I could not wait an hour. So I shoved the thing inside of me and turned it on. Mom was right. I was very sensitive and it felt really good. Over the course of the next hour, I have myself four really enjoyable Os. Oddly enough, I was not thinking of Sandy, but rather my other lover, Sarah. I also thought fleetingly of my mother who is still a very beautiful woman. I probably thought of her because Sarah keeps suggesting that I might enjoy a three some with Sandy and my mother since they both get together frequently to enjoy one another. I found the image of my dark haired lover Sandy munching down on my blond mother to be highly erotic and wondered what it would be like to give pleasure to the woman who had given birth to me with my tongue and fingers playing with the place I appeared from. 

Then Sandy finally called and we both got down to it and had some really enjoyable phone sex. It was a strange type of phone sex. I was telling her how I would prepare myself for her arrival and she was telling me what she would be doing to me once she got to my place. I promised to wear nipple and labia clamps as well as a vibrating butt plug and vibrating dildo all day under my work clothes in anticipation of her arrival. She made me promise to use the controls once in the morning and once in the afternoon to give myself little Os to get me primed for her arrival. That would mean having to tell my secretary and staff not to bother because I would be on private phone calls and the door to my office would be shut and locked. Well that set of orders, along with the big vibrating dildo inside of me, resulted in a massive and bloody orgasm that left me quaking. 

Then she told me that when I got home I was to change into the black and white maids outfit with the ruffle petty coats, and to wear a black lace garter belt and black hose with no panties, and a pair of my black 6 inch pumps with the little strap that locks shut above my ankle. I was to leave the key on the coffee table in front of the sofa. The idea of that got me going again, so I turned the vibrator on again but at a low speed. I was wondering what kind of mess I was making because I could feel my juices leaking out of me. Normally I leak a lot but now during my period, I had my extra discharge to worry about. 

Then she told me that I was to fasten the padded restraints around my ankles and attach the spreader bar to each one. Then I was to place the leather, chrome studded collar around my neck, place the ball gag in my mouth, turn the vibrators on a low setting, blind fold myself, and handcuff my wrists behind my back. Then I was to kneel at one end of the coffee table to await her arrival. She said that I would be severely spanked with a riding crop if she found me laying face down on the table I was to stay upright waiting for her. That led me to turn the vibrator up just a little. Then she told me that I deserved a spanking anyway but she would begin with her hand but only after she removed the ball gag and I satisfied her orally for quite some time, making her cum frequently. My hand turned the vibrator up another notch and I began rubbing my clit. I could feel it building deep down inside of me. My toes curled, my back arched, and I screamed as the toy exploded out of me, leaving me shaking on the bed with my chest heaving and my breaths short and shallow. 

I could hear lady Sandra's voice in the cell phone, "Are you alright sweetie?"

"Yes," I whispered picking up the phone. "You just gave me one hell of an orgasm."

"Good," she said. "Then I will take the cuffs off of you and tie your wrists to the legs of the coffee table and then bind your thighs to the other legs of the table. You will be my captive and your sex will be open for violation."

I reached down, grabbed the dildo, and shoved it inside of me again. She promised to use the strapless, vibrating dildo on me again, taking me from behind doggy style while she spanked my ass with her hands first and then the riding crop. Those thoughts led to yet another orgasm, not as intense as the last one, but still very satisfying. We said goodnight with me telling her I loved her and she saying the same to me. I also told her that I would do as she ordered and was waiting for her with great anticipation. 

The whole process was really messy but much to my joy, my orgasms were intense and the cramps went away. Mom was right, sex is good during your period and a real cock would probably have been better, but I better not go there since I am a confirmed lesbian, except that I recently let Carl, Sandy's husband, stick his unusually large cock inside of me during an unexpected threesome; a momentary lapse of lesbian judgment, but a pleasurable one since Carl just used his cock and did not slobber all over me and my face was buried in Sandy's crotch while Carl fucked me doggy style. I must admit it was nice to feel him cum inside of me, it had been a long time since that had happened to me. Now I have some sense of why my mother likes to spend time with the two of them. 

In the morning I had only a little spotting so I could do away with the uncomfortable pads and just rely on a tampon. 

That experience got me thinking about the role of toys in lesbian love making. Last weekend Sandy used the strapless dildo on me and I used it on her. While it was fun to use giving each of us mutual orgasms, it is no replacement for fingers, tongues, and lips. Although I must admit, the submissive in me went wild when Sandy, or should I say Lady Sandra, was using the boy end in me while the girly end was stuck inside of her buzzing away from the vibrator insert. It became clear to me as she was thrusting in and out of me that she was much more into her own pleasure than mine. She was using me and that is okay because I really enjoy being her devoted slave, and in fact, it actually heightened the sexual experience for me resulting in three successive and rather massive orgasms for me. 

So I am wondering what others might think. Are toys an essential part of a lesbian sexual relationship? Or are they just something fun to play with from time to time between bouts of the real thing?