 Important note: while there are elements in this story that lay the grounds for a supernatural story sequel, it can be read as a stand-alone lesbian story. In this story you will not find anything supernatural apart from a few things referenced as myth and folklore. Then again, if you're interested, the post-scriptum and the two upcoming sequels will certainly take this story into the mystical. 

Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!

*

Kara has never been so nervous in her entire life. She was sitting outside her professor's office on a small wooden chair and had no idea what to expect. Kara was an bioengineering major but had taken a course on occult anthropology almost on a whim. She had always been fascinated by witchcraft and primitive supernatural beliefs, but had never thought she would learn about those things at college. 

She had read the syllabus and had been very interested. She had also heard rumors about a special class that was held at midnight deep in the forest around the campus. And, apparently, the teacher was remarkably beautiful, which was a nice bonus for Kara. All in all, this course had seemed, at least in theory, like the perfect way to take a break from her other classes. Once a week she'd relax, have fun with those fun topics and have a high grade on an easy humanities class. 

But Kara hadn't counted on the fact that her heart would nearly explode when she saw Miss Lilian walk in class that first Thursday. Kara considered herself bisexual even though she had never had sex with a man yet. So far, even her romantic relationships had been strictly with girls. Kara was convinced that it was just a matter of not finding the right guy even though her friends told her that she simply was a lesbian. 

One of those friends, Nina, a lesbian, certainly thought so. The two long nights they had spent together last year had only reinforced her belief. Until that point, Kara had never had as much fun as she'd had during those two nights. She had learned so much about herself with Nina, that she considered those hours with her as a pivotal moment in her life. It hadn't been her first sexual encounters, but it had been dramatically better than the previous ones. At 18, those two nights were highlights of her life. 

Despite the passion, it hadn't clicked with Nina on a romantic level. They had remained friends, pretty much best friends actually, after those two nights. Kara had been afraid that Nina's feelings for her would complicate things, but it hadn't been the case. Nina wasn't looking for a serious romantic relationship in any case. So in a few weeks Kara had gained more insight and experience into her own life as well as a new best friend. A best friend with occasional benefits. 

Nina had become her new partner in crime at bars and parties, as they helped each other find new lovers. She had even, on occasion, helped Kara seduce guys. Even though Nina was a true lesbian, and even if she believed that Kara was one as well, she didn't mind helping Kara with guys. In fact, Nina thought that with enough bad experiences, Kara would see the light and accept her lesbianism. 

When Kara had seen Miss Lilian sauntering to her desk at the beginning of the first class, Kara had wondered if her friend wasn't right after all. Never before had she felt such a strong surge of desire. Miss Lilian had been dressed very conservatively and she had a serious expression on her face. Nevertheless, Kara was struck by her beauty and the aura of feminine confidence she projected. 

Despite the non-revealing clothing, Miss Lilian was clearly a voluptuous woman. Not fat, not even chubby. Just purely voluptuous with nice wide hips, a small waist and what seemed like very large breasts. But she wasn't a short, voluptuous woman. "Oh no. There must be at least 5'9" of that goddess!" Kara thought. The fact that she had a thick mane of unbound bright blonde hair above a beautiful face was like a cherry on top. Or, rather, the cherry on top was that she was an outspoken bi-sexual. 

Kara had briefly tried to imagine her teaching in the biology department and almost snorted with amusement. All of her regular teachers, the women at least, were very drab. Some were pretty enough, but nothing like this bonfire of beauty. And after a moment Miss Lilian looked up and scanned the class of roughly fifty people. Mostly guys, Kara realized unsurprised. Nonetheless, those remarkable blue-green eyes had grabbed her attention and Kara froze on her seat when Miss Lilian looked at her and held her gaze for many seconds. 

What had struck Kara wasn't simply the fact that Miss Lilian was physically gorgeous. Instead, it was the fact that her heart had begun to race during that eye contact, and had kept racing for a long while afterwards. In fact, Kara missed the first five minutes of the class even though she was staring at the professor.

That was how that unique class had begun for Kara four months ago. And now, sitting on a wooden chair outside Miss Lilian's office, it was about to end in disaster. Three days ago everybody in her class had gotten their results on the college's website. Everybody except her. Instead of a result on the website, she had gotten an invitation to Miss Lilian's office. She had scored an A on the midterm, a result that would help her average. But while the mid-term had been an exam, there wasn't a final exam in this class. Instead it was a dissertation on a subject of her own choosing. 

She had chosen, perhaps unwisely, to work on futanaris. Kara had been pleasantly surprised to see that Miss Lilian wouldn't only talk about witches and pentagrams and the Middle Ages. Instead, she had offered them an extremely varied tableau of many different types of weird and occult beliefs from all over the world. And those futanaris, coming mainly from Japanese culture, had caught her attention. "Hyper-feminine magical creatures with impossibly large breasts as well as massive cocks should grab everybody's attention!" she had thought. 

Of course, she hadn't told anybody else in class that she was working on that subject. As Miss Lilian talked about them in class, a large proportion of the students had laughed or snickered, clearly uncomfortable with the highly sexualized subject. She had talked about it with Nina, who had sighed and teased her. "Of course you'd choose an hyper feminine creature with a huge cock!" she had said. The two had laughed about it, very late one night as they shared a bed.

Besides Nina though, she hadn't told anybody else. Well, anybody else except her teacher, of course. Saying it to Miss Lilian had been a peculiar experience. Kara was self-aware enough to know that her infatuation with her her professor (especially because of her hyper-feminine presence) had played a big role in her choice of subject. And, to her annoyance, Kara hadn't been able to read Miss Lilian's expression when she told her that she would work on futanaris. It had been a quick discussion after class, with everybody else having already left. Miss Lilian had paused for a few seconds, looking into Kara's eyes, and had given her a small smile. "Perfect!" was all she had said.

But now, a month later, Kara was nervously biting her lower lip outside Miss Lilian's office. If she had thought it was funny to work on futanaris at first, she didn't anymore. At all. In fact she knew she was on the verge of tears. She had done her very best on that dissertation, had poured her soul into a subject matter that had surprisingly fascinated her and she had never failed a single class in her life. She couldn't understand what hadn't worked. She had been so passionate about the subject, as weird as it was. She had even been profoundly touched by those mythical creatures. 

Kara started when she heard Miss Lilian calling her name. When she closed the door behind herself and sat on the chair opposite Miss Lilian, Kara realized that she had never been alone with her. They had spoken a few times in class or after class, but never all alone like this. Behind a closed door. Despite her nervousness Kara realized that her professor's beauty was overwhelming. She cursed inwardly "Why did she have to wear that top!" as she glanced at her professors's very low cut blouse. "And why did she decide to remove her blazer? She took a deep breath to try and calm her heart. 

When she looked up at Miss Lilian, she was surprised to see a puzzled look and a smile on her face. "Why are you so nervous Kara?" 

Kara was taken aback and remained silent for a moment. "Er... I don't know... I'm pretty sure that the fact that my grade wasn't on the website means that..."

"Oh no!" Miss Lilian said. "Don't worry about that. Oh dear I'm sorry."  She shook her head and took a deep breath before smiling again. "You aced the class Kara, no worries about that. You got an A+ for that dissertation. I'm so sorry that you were worried about that."

"I aced it?" she asked breathlessly. 

When Miss Lilian saw her eyes brimming with tears she got up and came to sit next to Kara. She grabbed both her hands and looked at her with a gentle smile until Kara calmed down. "In fact," she said once Kara smiled at her, "An A+ wouldn't be enough for your paper. How many hours did you put in it?"

"So many!" Kara replied, laughing now that the tension had vanished. 

"Im sure!" Miss Lilian said, still holding her hands. "Can I ask what made you choose that specific subject?"

Kara was taken aback by the unexpected question and flushed bright red. In the silence, Miss Lilian asked "Can I make a guess?" Kara nodded. "You're not sure about your own sexuality and studying those wonderful creatures was a way to learn more about what you're living through?" When Kara's eyes grew wide in surprise, Miss Lilian smiled. "Don't worry. You're not the first freshman troubled with those questions."

"Oh, I'm not troubled." Kara replied instantly. Miss Lilian was still holding her hands, and Kara realized that she didn't mind one bit. "I know I'm bisexual and I'm not exactly troubled by that. But yes I'm curious and it's part of why I chose that subject."

"Good for you!" Miss Lilian said, grinning. "I thought you were one of those students who believe that I'm a futanari!"

"What?" Kara cried. "Are you serious?" she asked, suddenly happy that she was already flushed. 

Even though she was playing dumb, that exact thought had in fact crossed her mind. Not in a way that made her wonder if it was actually true, but in a more... well, more intimate way. Is it wrong for a student to fantasize about one of your professors, in the deep of the night under your blankets? 

Kara shook her head as she laughed with Miss Lilian. "Of course I'm serious Kara. Well, it doesn't happen all that often, but you would have been the third in the last couple of years."

"Students just come up to you and ask if you're a futa?" she asked. 

"Well, usually it's by email, after the class is over, but yeah... Mostly it's because of the blue-green eyes." Kara, glancing at Miss Lilian's cleavage, knew that her eyes were not the only reason for the confusion. Her professor added "I must say it's flattering, but still a bit weird!"

They laughed together again and Kara was now highly aware that they were still holding hands. And had been for a long while. She was also very aware of Miss Lilian's deep cleavage and the remarkably large breasts that seemed ready to overflow from the blouse. As their laughter was abating, Kara took a chance with a mischievous expression on her face. She asked "So, are you one, or not?"

They both laughed again and Miss Lilian said "I like you Kara. I like you a lot. You've certainly got guts! Here's your answer..." 

Letting go of one of her hands, the professor reached behind her to her desk and grabbed a picture frame. It had been turned away from the door and the chairs for the guests. But while only Miss Lilian would be able to see it, Kara was still surprised by what was on that picture. 

On it, Kara saw Miss Lilian and what looked like her son on a beach. Miss Lilian was wearing a very small bikini that left absolutely nothing to the imagination. And it squashed any possibility that she could have hidden a thick futanari cock under her skirts. As she stared at her large breasts and her incredible waist to hips ratio, Kara gasped. Hearing this, miss Lilian giggled. "Yes, he's my son. Handsome, is he?"

"Oh. Yes. He is." Kara said. 

In truth, she hadn't even looked at her son, glued as her eyes were to that bikini and the curves it failed to hide. And then, despite her nervousness and looking into those peculiar blue-green eyes, she added "Just him. Right..." Kara was very glad when she saw her professor's eyes widen just a bit at that comment. She had clearly understood what Kara was implying. 

The two of them looked into each other's eyes for a moment. A long moment. Kara felt her heart racing again, barely believing that she was flirting with her professor! Had she really felt an edge of sexual tension between them on those few occasions they had talked during the semester? Maybe she had imagined it? Suddenly she felt completely unsure of herself and didn't know what had possessed her to say that. 

Miss Lilian stood up and walked around her desk. Still standing, still looking like a goddess, she sighed and said "Oh, to be young again and be able to take chances like this. Thank you Kara, but—"

Kara interrupted her and said "Why not take one, right now?" She was breathing very fast now.

Miss Lilian's eyes open wider again. After another long stare, she smiled and said "Have you heard the rumors about the midnight class?" 

Kara was surprised by the question and by the apparent change of subject. "Er, yes?" she shifted on her chair and cleared her throat. "I was wondering if it was just a rumor, actually."

"It's not just a rumor. But if you're interested, you have two months to prepare yourself."

"I'm interested." Kara replied quickly.

Miss Lilian sighed and smiled. "But you don't even know what it is!" Kara simply stared into her eyes. "Ok then." Miss Lilian said. When she sat on her desk, Kara couldn't help but glance at the long thigh that was revealed by the cut in her skirt. She even saw, on the inside of the farthest thigh, the lacy top of her stockings. After a moment of silence, her professor said "To begin your preparations, why don't you come to my place next Saturday for dinner?"

Kara was so excited that she could only nod. She then left Miss Lilian's office without saying a single word. Her heart was pounding like a damned jackhammer. "Did I really hit on Miss Lilian?" she thought, her mind racing just as fast as her heart. "And did she just invite me to her house on a date?" With a grin splitting her face in two, she nevertheless shook her head. "Nah... It was just dinner to talk about the midnight class. Right?" Kara laughed out loud. She was so focused on her thoughts and feelings that she didn't even notice that peculiar student, Leonard, who tried to start conversations with everybody in Miss Lilian's class. 

Later that night, Kara realized that her friend Nina was bored out of her mind after hearing all about Miss Lilian for what seemed like hours. Kara had confided everything about what had happened to her friend, babbling with excitement all the way. They were sharing a bed for the night, something they sometimes did when both of them were single. No strings attached, and occasionally they simply spent the night cuddled together, nothing sexual. When Kara saw Nina yawning, again, she stopped talking and smiled. "I'm sorry Nina... I've gone on for a long while, haven't I?" 

"Oh no, I love hearing you talking about your super sexy professor." her friend replied. 

"OK then! Well, before I left—"

Kara was interrupted by her friend kissing her on the lips. As she laughed, Nina said "That was sarcasm, my dear! But this certainly isn't." and she kissed her again. Soon Nina's kisses moved down from Kara's lips to her chin, then neck and all the way down to her breasts. Kara gasped as Nina's lips closed around her nipple. Although Nina and Miss Lilian couldn't be more different from one another, Kara couldn't help thinking about her professor, imagining that it was her lips kissing her breasts. Knowing Nina, Kara knew that it wouldn't even bother her to learn that she was fantasizing about Miss Lilian. 

For a moment Kara wondered if she should mention it and let that roleplay fire up her imagination. "Oh Nina!" she said on a taken breath as her friend's mouth now closed on her pussy. "Christ you're good with that tongue!" Nina only hmmed under the blanket and kept on working her magic. Kara abandoned her naughty little roleplay idea and enjoyed her friend's magic. Futanaris may not exist, but that girl's tongue...

A while later, after they had given each other a few orgasms, they found themselves together in the shower. At one point Nina slapped Kara's ass and asked "So, did you imagine that I was Miss Lilian?"

"No!" she quickly replied, blushing. 

"You did!" Nina said, laughing. "Why don't you indulge that roleplay my sweet. Close your eyes and call me Miss Lilian all you want, as long as you promise me another orgasm for my trouble!"

Kara narrowed her eyes and looked at her friend in a predatory manner. "Only one?"

About an hour later, both girls fell on the bed, utterly exhausted. Despite the fact that Nina was a slight, 5'2" girl with small breasts, shaven head and a nose ring hadn't mattered to Kara's imagination. She still had vivid roleplay memories of sharing that shower with miss Lilian. And while her pussy was still tingling, her heart was racing as well. 

All through the rest of the week, Kara's mind was ablaze! She had two finals to take care of, but all she could think about was Miss Lilian's invitation. And her eyes. And that thick blonde mane of hair. And her breasts. And that revealed thigh at the end! Many times during her genetics exam, she found herself biting her lower lip thinking about her instead of focusing on the questions. 

Two days before the date (or professional meeting, Kara didn't know), Kara received an email from Miss Lilian. In it, Kara found her home address and a request that she bring two of the books she had used in her research on futanaris. Nothing more intimate, no explicit answer as to whether their meeting was a date or not. When Saturday finally came around, spent a ridiculous amount of time on her choice of clothing. 

She had no idea what to wear. If this was a professional meeting for a secret class she had been invited to, her usual everyday clothes would work. Then again, if it was a date and she arrived wearing old jeans and a faded heavy metal t-shirt, well... And, regardless of the status of the evening, should she dress sexily? Parts of her wanted to knock on her door completely nude to make her feelings clear. After giggling at the thought, Kara searched her closet for something that would strike a perfect balance of everything. 

In the end she chose a very long black skirt that, while it hid her legs, nevertheless clung to and enhanced her hips. As for her top, she chose a pale blue shirt that was both loose and just very slightly transparent over a white bra. Looking at herself in the mirror, she sighed. Kara had never felt so self-conscious about her appearance. She knew she was pretty enough and her lovers had showered her with compliments on her breasts and ass. She remembered giggling once as one of her past lovers was eating her ass. She had asked her "Why do all girls like eating ass so much?"

"Oh no my love..." that ex-girlfriend had told her. "We just like eating your ass that much!"

Turning around to look at that ass in the mirror, Kara was satisfied that its outline was visible under the tight skirt. Looking at her breasts, she tilted her head with a faint smile. For the first time in her life Kara felt that her breasts were small. She knew that filling C cup bras was plenty large, but then again, compared to Miss Lilian's... Kara sighed then felt herself flushing as she remembered, once again, that deep cleavage the last time she had seen her. 
