 "I have a surprise for you..." I say as I open the door. I pull you inside and brush my lips against yours. "I'm driving." Usually, you drive, the truck's sexy, but I want to make an impression that only a little red car can do. 

I think you figure out where we're going when we're half way there. I notice you fidgeting next to me and I can tell you're thinking about that conversation we had a few weeks ago. I have this fantasy... I take your hand in mine and place them both on my thigh. This gets an askance glance. I slide your hand higher and part my legs just a little. I smile and you relax. 

I meet you behind the car in the parking lot of Centerfolds. I pull you to me and back against the car. My hands slide down your back to your ass, pulling you into me and pinning me against the warm metal. I want you. Your breath comes short. I break off the kiss and whisper "Do you trust me?" in your ear. Taking your hand, I pull you towards the little store. 

We pass through the metal detector and the pierced girl behind the counter fairly grins at us. We're the lone shoppers. You hesitate for just a moment before you smile and start walking around the room. I can tell you've left what we're really after for last. You eye the assortment of lubricants and comment on the flavored body butter. I press myself against your back and remind you about that time with the Hershey's Syrup. I still have the sheets; I plan to pin you next time. You quickly continue around the room. We bypassed the movie section and the blow up dolls to stop in front of the anal plugs. We'll get there, just not today. 

I move ahead and stand before the wall of vibrators. (Mine had an unfortunate accident in the shower the morning before. I was thinking about our plans to spend the weekend together and forgot to completely shut the battery casing in my haste.) I was looking for something sturdy, something to keep me occupied during the week when we're apart. I found a nice 7 inch, purple jelly one with glitter. You came up behind me as I plucked it off the shelf. You studied the find over my shoulder; your breath was warm on my neck as your hand slid around to the front of my hip. I think I heard you smile. Holding your hand in place, I walk to the next wall, facing the strap ons. You're still pressed against me as I lean to select a harness. You're smiling when I look over my shoulder, bent over, in front of you. I feel you lean into me, grinding into my ass. I straighten up and hold the toy in front of me for you to examine. The harness is black, utilitarian, easily cleaned and lightly padded. The cock is pink and I hear you clear your throat when you see the size, 6 inches. I must have missed that when I picked it up. I quickly returned it to the shelf and selected the one next to it with the purple harness and the thick, 9 inch cock. You chuckled into my ear. I turned around to catch the look in your eyes and that sexy smile. "We about done here?" I ask. The flicker of your eyes to the girl behind the register was all I needed. 

I grabbed your hand as it reached for your wallet. I wanted to buy you your first cock. I'm sure there will be more to come, but I get the first. I quickly pull my card from my purse and sign for the purchases. The girl behind the counter winks as she hands back my card. "Have a pleasure full afternoon," she says. I laugh and rush you out the door. 

No words were required in the car. Once again, I took your hand and placed it on my thigh, this time, under my skirt. I returned my hand to the steering wheel as you moved your hand higher. I heard your breath catch when you reached my bare cunt. I'm wet. Not wanting to cause an accident, I pulled your very distracting hand away and brought it to my lips. Pulling your finger into my mouth, I gently sucked it. I draw my tongue ring up it's length and flicked the tip of your digit before releasing you hand. We've arrived back at my place.

I leave you standing in the living room as I disappear into the bathroom. "I'll be back out in five," I whisper. Turning the faucet on, I wait for hot water as I unwrap your new toy. The toy cleaner smells slightly musky as I wash your cock. I gently pat it dry and place it on the counter to get dressed. I've picked out a sheer, black negligee for the occasion. I forgo the panties but slip into a pair of thigh highs with black satin garters. I finish off the look with a pair of black stilettos. Holding your cock behind my back, I walk back to the living room. 

You're paying awful close attention to the erotica section on my bookcase and don't turn around when I come close. Your breathing is a little fast; I can feel the rapid movement as I rub my breasts into your back. I gently place the bundle on the bookcase next to you and run my hands over your shoulders and chest. You arch just slightly as I palm your breasts. I play for only a minute before pulling your shirt from your jeans. It's quickly pulled over your head and tossed into the corner. You rock back on your heals and my nipples harden as they come in contact with your bare skin. One hand gently pinches your right nipple as I undo the fly of your jeans with my other hand. Picking up the cock, I lower myself to my knees. Your jeans and boxers land in the corner with your shirt. I run my hand up the inside of your leg, nudging your legs apart further. The smell of your cunt is driving me wild; I have to restrain myself from burying my nose in your curls. We'll have time for that later. I ease the harness around your hips and start fastening the straps. You're still and silent, your hands are resting next to the Mammoth Book Of Illustrated Erotica. Once the cock is snuggly in place, I run my hands over your hips and around your ass. I stroke your cock, up and down, gently tugging on it as I place my palm against your cunt. You're wet. 

Holding your cock with one hand, I tug you around to face me. Your eyes widen as I take the tip into my mouth. I slowly work my mouth onto your cock, pushing you deeper with every thrust. I can feel your cock slide down my throat as I look up at you and catch your eye. Your mouth is curled into a little O and I think you've stopped breathing. Ever so slowly, I take your length into my mouth and smile as you exhale in wonder. My hand fills with your juices as your cunt spasms against my hand. I make a soft sucking sound as I release your cock and stand up in front of you. 

"Lay down." It wasn't a question. I quickly rearrange the couch cushions to allow more space on the black leather. I like seeing you on your back, your hard pink cock standing at attention. I want to watch you as you fuck me for the first time. I kicked off my heals so I could straddle your hips. I lower myself over your body, brushing my breasts against yours as I capture your lips for a searing kiss. I can feel your cock between us; it's warm. I straighten up and rise up on my knees over you. Taking the hem of my nighty, I pull it over my head and send it sailing to the top of the pile of clothes in the corner. I run my hands over my breasts, tugging at my hard nipples. I like the feeling of your eyes on me. Your smile emboldens me as I toss my head back and grind slightly on your cock. Your attention is riveted to the head that's peaking out between my legs. I can't wait any longer... Easing up slightly, I reach behind me to hold your shaft steady as I lower myself onto your cock. I moan slightly as I feel you filling my cunt. I watch you watching me. You bit your lip as I found my rhythm and slowly moved up and down on your cock. Unashamed, I hold my cunt lips apart to show you my clit as I continued to move on top of you. I leaned back and placed my hand between your knees, supporting myself and angling my cunt up, so you could see your cock disappearing into me better. I let go of my lips and slowly started swirling my fingers over my clit. It's hard and I cum quickly. 

I slow my hips and lean forward to kiss you again. You capture my tongue between your teeth and growl softly. Your hands have found my ass, squeezing it, pressing your cock into me slowly, insistently. 

"Up!" It's your turn to be demanding. I oblige and slip back into my heals. You lead me forward and around the back of the couch. Your hand on the back of my neck guides me forward, bending me over at the waist. Your breath comes short as I feel your fingers in my cunt. I contract my muscles around you and sigh as you rub my G spot. You have me so close to coming again, I can barely hold myself up. I groan as you remove your finger and turn to look at you over my shoulder. One hand was around your cock and your other hand was holding my cunt open. Your eyes were glued to the entrance of my cunt. You licked your lips as you pushed into me. There was nothing slow and easy with your thrusts. I arched my back and pressed my ass into you, matching your tempo. I love the sound of your thighs smacking my ass. Your hands reached around and roughly grabbed my breasts. I moan as you pinch my nipples. Your hips are rocking me into the couch and all I can think about is that I want more. I want you deeper inside of me. I spread my legs further and angled my ass higher to try to get you closer to me. I can hear you panting against my back as you lay on top of me, your hips bucking like mad. Your cry of pleasure is cut short as you close your teeth on my shoulder but your hips don't cease. Faster and harder you push into me. I can feel my cunt flooding around your cock. You whisper in my ear, "Cum for me."

© J. Adamson 2008 