 Tracey turned over and turned her alarm clock off. She glared at the eight and two zeros that seemed to mock her. Eventually, as the anger subsided, she turned her attention around her room. Tracey loved her room, she hated her parent's house but she loved her room. It wasn't very large, but it suited her needs. It housed her brass double bed, which had her favorite sheets and comforter on it. A white spread with white and red roses scattered about in a nice orderly fashion. Although she used to hate the lavender ‘70s shag carpeting, she had now grown quite fond of how it felt against her bare feet when she walked on it. She had her choir & band awards on a cherry wood stained shelf that matched the off white walls quite well, she thought anyways.

Although most of the girls in her senior class worried quite a bit about fashion, Tracey didn't really care much for that, her worries were about her music. Tracey loved the guitar. Her father began teaching her as soon as she was old enough to hold one. She looked over at her nightstand and looked at his picture. She smiled as her eyes held back tears. It had been two years since the accident.

"Fuck it, I'm not having one of these days." Tracey said as she pulled the covers back and stepped onto the purple shag. She rubbed her feet a bit on the carpet.

"He he," she giggled, "Always feels good to wake up to a shag!" She said, thinking she was clever. Tracey stretched as she walked over to her full-length mirror. She looked at her naked body in the mirror, as she did every morning for the last year. She always felt she wasn't as pretty as some of the other girls in school. To help her self-image her friend, Autumn, suggested she stand naked in front of a mirror to help her become more comfortable with herself. 

Her dyed dark red hair covered her shoulders, which she liked since it hid some of the freckles that sporadically appeared all over her body. She was glad though they were freckles and not moles . She gave a toothy grin, and opened her mouth, looking at her near perfect teeth.

"Thank God for braces." She said to herself.

Tracey looked her body over. She was much thinner than the other girls, which prompted them to make anorexia jokes. She knew it was out of jealously but for some reason it still got to her. Her breasts, however, were much larger than the other girls. Leaving her with what she thought, was an awkward and disproportionate body. However she noticed the stares from both the girls and boys. She knew she was fortunate, for now anyway.

Her nipples her pink and about the size of half-dollars. She knew they were larger in size than most women's. A least that was the idea she received in the locker room. 

"Great, in thirty years when my back starts going out, I can look forward to booby reduction surgery." Tracey said angrily with a laugh.

She looked at her legs. They were slender and toned, which she couldn't understand, since she hardly worked out. Her mother was the same way though, good genetics is what she finally accepted as the answer. She liked that she had longer legs and a shorter upper body. Her height was always a problem though, at almost six feet she felt like she dwarfed most of the boys. This prompted her to slouch more when she stood.

She looked at her pussy. She always hated the word vagina. Seemed too sterile and clinical to her. She didn't believe in shaving everything. It reminded her of a small child and always thought that guys that liked bald pussies also secretly liked underage girls. She waxed her bikini line and trimmed the pubic hair down with scissors. She didn't do much more beyond that.

"Why should I have to tidy myself, when boys don't?" She thought out loud.

She then brought her head up and stared into her hazel eyes. She knew deep down she wasn't anywhere close to being ugly, but she knew she wasn't one of the, "beautiful people" either.

She turned around to look at the clock, eight thirteen it read.

"What the fuck?!" She said confused, she turned back to the mirror.

She turned her head, her refection matched.

"But I could've..." She pondered.

Then her reflection dropped its head a bit and smiled in a mischievous and deviant manner. "Holy shit." Tracey managed to whisper. Panic and fear had gripped and taken hold of her body.

She tried to run but paralysis kept her in place. She gasped and kept trying to scream yet only a very short and quiet high pitch noise escaped her mouth. The reflection brought one finger up over its lips motioning for her to remain silent. Tracey freed her arms from their catatonic state and covered her mouth with both hands. Tears filled her eyes again. Her breathing quickened. Her upper body heaved up and down quickly.

The reflection brought its finger down and began to laugh as it began to walk towards Tracey. Tracey felt electrical shocks run through her body. She never felt this much fear before in her life. Tears began to stream down her face. Then mirror seemed to turn to a complete liquid state as the doppelganger brought its hand through the looking glass.

Tracey could feel her knees shake and tremble. She wanted to scream so much but her voice would not comply. She wanted her mom to come in, and pull her out of the room. She wanted the phone to ring. Maybe a distraction would snap her out of this horrible condition. But she received none of these things.

As all these thoughts raced through her mind, Tracey could only watch as her double exited the mirror and invaded its way into her room. The fear was soon being over run by other emotions, confusion and curiosity. How can this be? This can't be real. I must still be dreaming.

Tracey's twin quit looking around the room and looked her in the eyes.

"This is quite real, Tracey."

Tracey's voice finally let her have control again.

"You know what I'm thinking." Her voice said very quietly.

Her twin just laughed and stepped closer to her. Tracey wanted to run but her legs still wouldn't comply. Tracey had no idea what to expect, and the fear was coming back. The other Tracey stood about a half foot away, looking the terrified girl over. Tracey felt her vocal control returning to her. Her mind riddled from shock and fear, switched to autopilot. That basic level that anyone who has ever feared for their life knows about but can't really explained.

"What do you want?" Tracey asked, her voice deadpan and calm.

Her former reflection looked into Tracey's eyes again, and Tracey heard a voice inside her head.

"To leave my prison, to be free like you. The only time I exist is when you stand in front of that reflective pane of pain. What I want," Her double ran her hand through Tracey's dyed hair, "is to become one with you." 

Then the closed her eyes and leaned in, licking the same curved lips of her counterparts. Sending more tears streaming down Tracey's face. Some falling onto her double's red, wet tongue. The twin opened her eyes, to see Tracey staring at the wall. Eyes wide and lying just behind them, the screams of a terrified and confused girl. The voice filled Tracey's head again.

"Don't cry Tracey and don't be afraid. I will not hurt you. To hurt you, is to hurt me. We are connected," The twin moved her tongue over to the left side of Tracey's face and moved up the trail of tears, licking the salty water off. She moved to the right side and repeated the gesture of kindness, "No harm will come to you from me."

Tracey moved her eyes slowly from behind her naked twin and looked her in the same hazel colored eyes as her own. Even though she couldn't rationalize it to herself at all, she saw truth. She saw truth and wanting in those eyes, and fear quickly left her body, but soon questions were raised in her mind. 

Meanwhile, Tracey's twin went back to Tracey's lips and began to trace her tongue over them.

"I'm not a lesbian. The most I've ever done with another woman was kiss Autumn. That wasn't even with tongue." She thought to herself.

She thought some more, "Even though I've never done anything more with anyone else. I know that I'm not a lesbian. All I've ever masturbated to was to the thought of being with a man." 

"Is it being a lesbian when you masturbate?" The voice again spoke in her head.

"Well, no it's not." Tracey thought, knowing her other self could hear her. )

The double pressed her tongue between Tracey's lips and met her tongue. She circled the muscle and then brought her tongue back and ran them over her teeth.

"Then think of it that way, after all aren't we the same." With that the twin brought her arms around Tracey and with little forced press their body's together and at the same time, press her lips against Tracey's and brought her tongue deeper into Tracey's mouth. 

Tracey's head started to swim, but like a reflex, she brought her own arms around her twin and pressed herself against her. Tracey's eyes closed as she accepted what was happening. Mouth to mouth and breast to breast, the identical girls kissed and embraced each other. Their hands running up and down each other's back. 

Tracey's mind began to fill with lust and desire. She moved her tongue past her twins, past her own lips and into the mouth of the other girl's. She could feel her twin smile for a second, before being pulled closer to her. Tracey opened her eyes and looked down. She saw her nipples pressed hard against her twins, rubbing together as the moved their arms over each other's back. This caused a wave of heat to wash over her body, and she felt her pussy begin to become a bit wet. Her eyes closed again. She pushed herself against her twin even more, over come by desire.

Tracey's mind began to fill thoughts of having her body and breasts licked. The image of fingers inside of her moving and rubbing deep inside of her. Laughter filled her head.

"Silly girl, there's so much more than that. We may be the same, but I much to show you." The voice said amidst the laughter.

The twin pulled away from the kiss and embrace they once shared. She stepped back a bit from Tracey. Tracey body swayed as she readjusted and opened her eyes. She saw her twin looking over Tracey's own body, licking the saliva from the both of them, off her lips. She moved her eyes to match the curious girls, and smiled again. 

"What are you thinking?" Tracey thought, knowing the doppelganger could hear her.

"I'll show you." The voice in her head replied. With that the twin moved back towards the girl and placed her open mouth on where the neck meets the shoulder. 

She began to kiss, nibble and lick her gently yet deeply. Tracey eyes went wide from the initial pleasure, and then placed her arms over her twins shoulders to support herself, as her eyes closed and her knees went weak. Tracey then felt a hand land gently on the back of her left thigh. The hand slowly moved around her leg to her inner thigh. Tracey's legs began to shake more. The hand moved up inch by inch until she felt the palm rest gently and motionlessly over her entire pussy and clit.

A lustful moan left Tracey's lips as she brought her head down and rested it on her twin's shoulder. She then felt the hand leave its resting spot. She sighed as her twin began to move her mouth across her chest to the other side of her neck. Stopping just before she reached the other side of the neck. She lifted her head causing Tracey to lift hers. The doppelganger smiled at Tracey, who for the first time this morning, smiled back. 

The twin then brought her head down again. This time, just as she placed her mouth onto Tracey's neck, quickly and suddenly she slid two fingers past Tracey's slit and began to rub her front vaginal wall. Tracey's entire body went weak and ached from pleasure and desire.

"Ahhh, ohhhhmmmmm." Tracey exclaimed at first, then turning into a lustful moan. Then just as quickly as they had entered, the twin removed the fingers. Tracey felt herself drip on her legs a little as the finger left her body.

"How does it feel to be teased for the first time?" The voice asked her. The twin brought her up, to meet Tracey's eyes.

"I...I never..." Tracey thought back.

The two quickly kissed again. Passionately and lustfully, the two girls tongue wrapped around and played in each other's mouths. The twin placed her right leg between Tracey's legs and began to rub her pussy with it. Tracey let her body slump a bit, allowing herself to grind against the girl's leg. Tracey's eyes rolled back as they closed. Never had she felt like this before. Tracey slid her hips up and down the thigh that was pressed against her. She could feel it getting more and more slippery each time she moved. 

Then the thigh pulled away, and Tracey kept moving her hips a bit afterwards, hoping it would comeback. Then she felt the hands press against her chest. She opened her eyes in time to see her Twin push her over. Tracey landed on the bed and moved herself so she was completely on it. Her twin then crawled over her, and made her way up, until her head was over Tracey's breast's. 

"Now we really start, Tracey. We're going to do things you've never even dreamed of." The voice filled Tracey's head again.