 Sally lit another cigarette as she waited impatiently for Marie to finish work. They had been friends forever and often went out together at the weekend, but Sally hoped that tonight was going to be slightly different. 

Sally had always been the wilder one of the two. When they were teenagers Sally had experimented with drink, drugs and sex while Marie had settled down with her childhood sweetheart. Sally had used men shamelessly, enjoying her sexuality to its fullest; Marie had only had one lover. Often when they talked about sex Sally was sure that she saw longing (or was it envy?) in Marie's eyes. A longing to feel the touch of someone other than her husband; to explore her own sexuality; to find the hidden animal inside her.

Sally stamped out her cigarette and looked at her watch. It was 2 minutes past 12, what was keeping her? They only had a couple of hours to shop before they had to catch the train. Sally realized that she was nervous. What if things didn't work out the way she hoped they would? After all she was just playing a hunch.

Sally was biting her fingernails as Marie came charging out of work.

'I'm so sorry I'm late, have you been waiting long?' she stammered.

'No,' Sally lied, 'but we haven't got much time. Now let's go and get some stunning outfits'

They chatted idly as they worked their way through the shopping center. They browsed several clothes shops looking for the perfect outfit. Sally chose a slinky red dress with a halter neck and a low back, she would have to go braless but her breasts were still firm enough to allow it. Marie picked an off the shoulder black dress that stopped above her knees. As she tried it on Sally admired her friend's body. Marie had lost a lot of weight since the baby and her twice-weekly trip to the gym had paid off. Her calves were well defined and her shapely thighs met perfectly with her tight arse. Her breasts were not as full as they once were but they still strained deliciously out of her bra. Sally felt an urge to cup one delicately and run her thumb over the nipple. She was still thinking about it as Marie pulled the dress on and turned to Sally for her opinion.

'You look stunning' Sally said, hoping that the tension in her voice was undetectable.

They paid for their purchases and made their way to the lingerie shop. This was the first part of Sally's plan and she was aware that the whole evening could end here. Sally picked up a lacy red thong and matching suspender belt for herself and a black thong, bra and suspender belt for Marie. They giggled as they went into the changing rooms to try them on. Sally made sure that she entered a cubicle that was opposite and slightly to the right of the one Marie was in and waited for Marie to pull her curtain across before gesturing to the sales assistant. The young girl came over and entered Sally's cubicle smiling. Sally pulled the curtain across but not all the way, she made sure that she left enough of a gap so that Marie would be able to see in when she opened her curtain.

Sally and the sales assistant were good friends and often used each other for a cheap sexual thrill. Sally pushed her against the mirror and kissed her deeply letting her tongue explore the young girl's mouth. She didn't want to rush this; it had to be timed perfectly so that Marie would witness it. She continued to kiss the girl and let her hand caress the girl's breast. She figured that Marie would have tried on her underwear and be getting dressed again by now. She unbuttoned the blouse that the girl was wearing and pushed the material of her bra aside to reveal her pink nipple. Sally stroked it gently with her thumb and felt it harden. She pulled the girl's skirt up to her waist and gently caressed the front of her panties. She continued to stroke the girl's mound until she heard the sound of Marie's curtain being pulled across. Sally held her breath. Was Marie watching? How would she react? Sally lowered her head to kiss the naked breast in front of her and snaked her tongue out to lick the nipple. God, she hoped Marie was still watching. As her mouth worked on the hard nipple she let her fingers push aside the panties and slipped one into the wet pussy beneath. Sally was enjoying herself now; she loved the feel of a woman's pussy beneath her hand. Her finger found the clit that had budded under her expert hands and began to circle it slowly. It was always easy to bring this girl to orgasm and Sally wasted no time. Her finger moved faster on the swollen clit, occasionally slipping inside the pussy to get more lubricant. The girl was breathing heavily and pushing Sally's head against her breast. Sally continued to bite and lick the nipple as the girl's orgasm clamped her fingers. Sally was sure that she heard a sharp intake of breath from outside the cubicle and moved her fingers up to her mouth to slowly suck the juices off them before kissing the girl deeply again. As the girl adjusted her clothes Sally turned around but there was no sign of Marie. She knew the whole evening depended on how Marie reacted. She left the cubicle and paid for her items. She started to panic because Marie was nowhere in sight but as she left the shop she felt Marie's hand on her arm.

'Hey you, what took you so long?'

Marie had still not mentioned anything by the time their cab arrived at the hotel. Sally was beginning to think that Marie had not seen anything at all. If she hadn't the next part of the evening was going to be more difficult. They dressed quickly and made their way to the restaurant. They had a very enjoyable meal where the laughter and alcohol flowed in equal amounts. Sally was pleased to note that they were getting the attention of a few men in the place and she and Marie giggled over how desirable they both looked. Sally made sure she kept Marie's glass full throughout the meal, she would need her to be relaxed and open to suggestion later on. As they finished their dessert Sally suggested they go to a club she knew about. It was round the corner and they could flirt and dance to their heart's desire. Marie agreed at once and they paid the bill and set off. As they rounded the corner Sally warned Marie that there were sometimes exotic dancers in the club. She was sure she saw Marie flush at this remark but the wine was taking effect and Marie just giggled and said she didn't mind.

The club was dark as they entered and there seemed to be a good crowd in. They ordered drinks at the bar and found a table near the back of the room. Sally immediately got Marie up to dance knowing that they would soon attract attention. Marie moved sexily to the music and her dress hugged her figure seductively. She soon had a couple of guys dancing next to her and Sally smiled as her friend flirted outrageously with them. Marie was certainly enjoying the attention. Sally was also getting plenty of attention as her breasts moved freely under the sheer fabric of her dress, but she kept her eyes on her friend trying to gauge how drunk she was and how turned on she was getting. 

The music slowed and Sally returned to the table and watched while Marie danced with one of the men. Sally was pleasantly surprised to notice that Marie did not object when the man's hand moved down to cup her bottom. The dance ended and Marie kissed the man on the cheek before returning to the table. She was flushed and giddy.

'You're enjoying yourself then?' Sally asked.

'Well I can't help it if I'm irresistible,' Marie laughed.

'You're certainly attracting a lot of attention,' Sally said, 'and not just from the blokes'. She pointed across the room to where a woman was sitting on her own. She had been watching Marie dance. Marie blushed as the woman smiled at her. 

Suddenly the lights came up and an announcer introduced 'Gabrielle' an exotic dancer. The woman that approached the middle of the dance floor was drop-dead-gorgeous. She was about 5ft7 with long blonde hair. She was wearing an Amazon outfit and her tanned skin looked shiny beneath the lights. She started to slowly gyrate her body in time to the sultry music and a natural hush descended. Sally stole a glance at Marie and saw that she was mesmerized by this beautiful woman. The dancer moved seductively and every eye was on her as she moved her hands over her body. When she removed her top and her perfectly rounded breasts were revealed Sally noticed Marie squirming slightly in her seat. Sally smiled to herself. This was exactly what she had hoped for; her friend was getting turned on by a woman. The dancer continued to dance seductively and pulled a chair onto the dance floor. She sat on the chair and spread her legs wide, revealing white panties beneath her skirt. She arched her back on the chair and continued to run her hands over her body, cupping her naked breasts and stroking her inner thighs. She removed her skirt and bent over the chair, giving us a great view of her arse beneath her white thong. As she bent over more the thong crept further into her crack and Sally glanced at Marie again. Even under the dim lights Sally could see that Marie was flushed and breathing heavily. She imagined how wet her friend was and how far Marie's thong had crept during the evening.

The dancer finished her show and left the dance floor and slowly people started filling it up again. Marie had been very quiet but Sally noticed that she kept glancing at the woman across the room who was still staring at her. It was time to take a chance.

'That was a good show wasn't it?' Sally said.

'Oh… yeah… I guess' Marie stammered.

'She had a gorgeous body, I'm quite turned on'

'You are?' Marie sounded shocked.

'Of course, you know I like women right?'

'Well…yeah, I guess'

'I know you saw me earlier, in the changing room.' Sally knew she was taking a risk here but she had to know once and for all.

'I…yeah, I did'

'Did you enjoy watching?' Sally asked seductively.

'NO…. I …no'

'You don't sound too sure. Come on we're friends, you can tell me. It turned you on a bit right just like watching that dancer did?'

Marie didn't answer, she was blushing furiously and trying to look at anything except her friend.

'Come on' Sally pushed, 'it doesn't mean you're a lesbian or anything'

'Yeah, I did enjoy it' Marie admitted.

'Good. Come on let's dance' Sally didn't wait for Marie to answer but pulled her onto the dance floor again. As they danced Sally motioned to the woman who had been watching Marie. She moved onto the dance floor and started dancing close to them. Marie was blushing as the woman danced closer and closer to her but Sally was pleased to see that she wasn't moving away. Soon they were dancing very seductively together and Marie seemed to be enjoying it. Suddenly the woman bent and whispered into Marie's ear and left the dance floor. Sally was intrigued and asked Marie what she had said.

'She wants me to meet her in the loos' Marie whispered.

'Great,' said Sally, 'go for it'

'I'm not sure. I don't know what to do'

'You don't have to do anything. Just let her do everything' Sally assured her.

'I don't know' 

Sally could tell that her friend was feeling rather drunk and completely unsure of herself.

'You'll enjoy it. It'll be an adventure. Come on'

Sally grabbed Marie's hand and pulled her towards the bathroom.

'I'll be right outside if you need me,' Sally told her friend, 'and I'll make sure no one comes in'

She pushed Marie through the door and waited in anticipation. She heard mumbled whispers and then it went quiet. Sally couldn't contain her curiosity so she slowly pushed open the door. What she saw sent a gush of wetness into her panties. Marie was perched on a sink with her breasts bare and this woman was sucking gently on her nipple. Sally closed the door silently behind her and watched as the woman moved her hand up Marie's dress. Marie had her eyes closed and was moaning as the woman's hand found her pussy. Sally watched in amazement as Marie arched her body towards the woman's touch, pushing herself onto her hand. Sally let her own hand creep under her dress to find her own wet pussy and pushed a finger inside. She masturbated as she watched the woman kneel down in front of Marie and pull her panties off completely. Marie immediately opened her legs wider as the woman leaned forward and licked her clit. She was soon lapping away as Marie moaned and pushed herself against the woman's face. Sally was dripping wet and her fingers moved furiously in and out of her pussy as she watched Marie being brought to orgasm by this stranger. Marie was very close now and she shouted, 'Suck my clit bitch, oh yes, suck me hard'.

As Marie shuddered and clamped her legs around the woman's head Sally felt her own orgasm erupt. She adjusted her clothes and smiled at Marie as she sucked her fingers. 

'I told you you'd enjoy it' Sally told Marie as the woman left the two of them alone in the bathroom, 'you just wait until I get you back to the hotel'.

Sally saw her friend blush again, but she was still smiling...