 It had already been a long December, and it was about to become even longer. Anna had a full time job and worked hard to pay her bills, but with Christmas coming up around the corner, she had decided it was time to take on a part time seasonal position, ideally somewhere where she could get a discount. She was going to have to fly out of state to see her family, plus buy gifts for her best friends, and she figured at 26, she was too old to be the deadbeat who recycled old presents she had been given but didn't want. 

Anna absolutely dreaded the idea of going back to the retail world. She had been stuck there for two years, her senior year of college and the year right after, so she knew how rough it could be, especially during the holidays. "Oh well," she thought, "it's not like I have anything else to do anyway." She spent most of her time on the weekends lounged out in her pajamas, either reading and eating ice cream out of the carton, or masturbating to online porn. She chuckled to herself about the brief moment of panic that passed through her mind; taking a weekend job would mean she would miss a whole lot of new videos on her favourite site. There would be a lot to catch up on. 

After leaving her regular job that day, Anna drove down to the mall to put in applications. She decided her best and easiest chance would be applying at the same store, Mercury's, where she had worked several years ago. "Maybe I'll still know someone in HR", she told herself. Upon entering Mercury's, she couldn't stop herself from sighing heavily and rolling her eyes; the familiar smell of the store, the familiar sights of grouchy old women hanging up clothes from the dressing rooms, and the all-too-familiar sounds of the younger women leaning on the cash registers chatting. As soon as she turned to walk in to the back offices, she also saw a familiar face.

"Anna!" Christie exclaimed. "What are you doing here?" 

Anna bristled a bit hearing her voice. She hated Christie and for a second, considered walking out of the store. "Hi Christie. Oh, you know, Christmas is coming up and I could really use a part time job, you know, just temporarily."

"That's fantastic!" Christie continued, loudly. "We're hiring right now!" She shoved a clipboard with an application attached to it into Anna's hands. 

"Thanks," Anna replied, without enthusiasm in her voice, taking a seat to fill it out.

"It's no problem at all! And..." Christie suddenly lowered her voice to a hushed whisper, "If you finish your app today, I can get you in to training starting on Friday night."

"Great," Anna answered, with a tight-lipped smile on her face. "I'll finish it right now." Christie smiled happily and zipped out of the room to answer a ringing phone.

With Christie out of sight, Anna exhaled loudly again. "What am I getting myself into?" she thought. She knew she didn't really have a choice. With the job market so bad, it was even hard to get a seasonal position, and she was lucky Christie liked her. But, it was already Wednesday and she would have to start Friday night. That was a lot sooner than she had anticipated. "I guess I'll just have to make tomorrow night extra fun," she told herself, already too exhausted from her encounter with Christie to make much of her Wednesday evening. After completing her application, a short mandatory interview, and picking up new hire materials from Christie, Anna headed home to her small apartment, consoled herself with two glasses of wine and crashed out in bed.

She woke up the next day feeling more refreshed and peppy. It wouldn't be so bad, she convinced herself. It's extra money, and Christie had assigned her to work in her old area of the store, handbags. No picking up clothes, and she would get to look at purses all day long. Not to mention, her brain was already working on making it all worth it that night. She jumped in the shower, got dressed, and took off for her day job. 

She actually enjoyed this job; it was challenging and made her think, plus there were a lot of young, cute guys to flirt with. Anna had ample curves, an hourglass figure, and always tried to dress in an eye-catching manner. Although she hadn't been on a serious date for months, there were several interested parties. Today she had chosen snug-fitting dark blue jeans, which framed her round backside and hugged her toned things, and a loose-fitting but cleavage-baring light blue cotton blouse, showcasing her large, creamy breasts. She had blow-dried her long brown hair into perfect waves and topped things off with a cute pair of kitten heels. 

The day inched by in a terribly slow fashion. It was a boring day so far, but Anna didn't mind, knowing that she was soon going to be spending evenings swamped at Mercury's. When her stomach began to growl, she looked at the time in the corner of her monitor. It was already lunch time and she had spent most of the morning reading news on the internet. "Not bad," she thought, getting up to heat up her small frozen lunch. As always, she secretly hoped that one of the single guys would be eating in the break room, and would be particularly happy if it was Jon. Of all the guys she flirted with in the office, Jon was the only one she could actually see herself dating. He was tall and cute and nice, but painfully shy and she knew he'd never make a move. She thought about asking him out, but that would ruin the fun of seeing the embarrassed look on his face every time she came near. 

Sure enough, when she entered the break room, Jon and a couple of other older co-workers were finishing up their lunches and sitting quietly around different tables. Anna breezed in and opened the refrigerator, and Jon straightened up in his chair, glancing up with his eyes while keeping his head down, pretending to be very interested in the Metro section of the newspaper. Anna popped open the box of her lunch, vented the plastic, and stuck it in the microwave. No one said a word. She raised her eyebrows amusedly, and gave a bored sigh and a smile at Jon. That was his cue; he almost never spoke to her unless she looked at him first. 

"Hey Anna, how's it going?" he mustered up the confidence to say.

Anna looked him straight in his green-gray eyes and smiled. "It's going very well," she said chipperly. "And yourself?"

"Pretty good," Jon replied. Then, silence.

Anna looked at him, raised her eyebrows again, and nodded. "Cool." At this point, the other co-workers, actually reading their newspapers and books, looked visibly annoyed at the conversation and got up and left. Anna laughed to herself. Her lunch was going to take 5 minutes to heat up, so she might as well make the best of it. She took a seat next to Jon. "Anything interesting in here?" she asked him, leaning over his arm to reach a section of the newspaper. 

"Um, not really, no," he answered, trying to keep his voice from cracking. Anna's hair had brushed his arm and it sent a shock through his body. He smelled the fragrance of her hair products as she sat back in her seat. 

"Well, I guess it's comics then," she mused, throwing him a sly grin. She crossed her legs under the round table, and when she did, her knee touched Jon's. She opened the newspaper page all the way and began to browse the comics, making sure to lean over slightly to give Jon a peek down her blouse. It was all mostly innocent, but Jon still hopped up quickly. 

"I gotta get back to work...but I'll see ya later Anna," he said, a goofy grin on his face. She smiled at him and when he left the room, she laughed and shook her head to herself. Shy boys, she thought to herself, they were so puzzling. She didn't really get it, but she sure did think it was humorous. A couple of minutes later, the microwave sounded the signal that it was time to eat. She gathered up her lunch and drink and went back to her office.

Finally, five o'clock rolled around and it was time to leave. After her encounter with Jon, Anna had spent all afternoon daydreaming about pleasuring herself that night. That is what she decided she was going to do with her evening. It was going to be her treat to herself and she was going to do it right, take her time and really enjoy it. On her way down the elevator, she was delighted to again run into Jon. She brushed her shoulder against his as she walked past on the way out. "Have a good night Anna," he said. 

"Oh, I will," she said charmingly, "You too." 

On her way home Anna stopped by the grocery store for some supplies. There was a definite chill in the Texas air for the first time that December. Her arms goose-pimpled in the parking lot from the absence of a sweater and she felt her nipples harden. Her thong under her tight jeans was slightly damp, as she had been thinking about the events of the upcoming evening the entire drive home. Inside the store, she picked up a bottle of cranberry juice for cosmos, some nice cheese and bread for a precursor, and her usual weekly tub of Ben and Jerry's Cherry Garcia for dessert. Lingering only slightly longer than necessary to make small talk with the much-younger male cashier who couldn't stop staring at her tits, she gleefully headed back to her car to begin her evening.

When she got home, she flung off her purse and went into the kitchen. Dragging a big bottle of vodka out from the freezer, she poured a healthy amount in a martini glass and topped it off with the cranberry juice. Taking out a large knife from a drawer, she cut some chunks off her wheel of smoked Gouda and sliced up the bread. "Ahhh," Anna said aloud to herself. Much better, she thought, kicking off her shoes and unzipping her pants, casting them over the back of a chair. After her small meal and at least one more cocktail, she really felt the relaxation kicking in. She put away her mess and went into her bedroom. Removing her shirt, she paused to look at her reflection in the mirror. The pilates is really working, she thought, admiring her flat stomach and firm ass. She unhooked her cream-colored bra from the back and her breasts came bouncing out. She squeezed them with her hands, pausing on her big mauve-shaded nipples and feeling her clit respond. 

Anna opened one of her dresser drawers and took out a ribbed white tank top almost long enough to be a very short dress and slipped it on, at the same time slipping off her thong. Then, opening the drawer underneath, she took out a large, soft baby pink dildo, and a hard, plastic hot pink rabbit vibrator. These were her two favorites and they never failed her. She stepped into a pair of comfortable black platform flip-flops and practically strutted back out to the living room where she kept her laptop, grabbing her martini on the way. She set up her drink and toys on the end table next to her seat on the couch, and laid a soft throw blanket across the cushion to sit down on. Her pussy was now starting to throb in anticipation. Anna picked up her small laptop and opened up her favorite porn website. It was the type which users could upload their own videos, and there was usually always something to watch. She loaded the page, set the laptop on the couch next to her and the videos began playing. 

As she watched a young, amateur college couple fucking on her screen, she leaned her head on the couch back and started to let her hands wander up and down her own body. It was cool in her apartment and her nipples were rock hard. She looked down and could see them right through her thin shirt. Using the tips of her fingers, she lightly traced them through the fabric, then held the fabric itself and rubbed it across them. She could feel her pussy beginning to get wet. The first video ended, and Anna clicked on the next one. It was a women masturbating and squirting. She watched the woman cum, and could feel herself cumming more intensely. She reached back and grabbed her rabbit, switching it on to a high speed. Spreading her legs wide on her couch, she placed the vibrating toy on her clit and squeezed down with pleasure. Then, she rubbed it lengthwise up and down her swollen lips and with each stroke, it spread around the wetness slowly seeping out of her pink hole. She always liked to go slowly when she masturbated. She loved feeling her own excitement level rise more and more to an unbearable level. The woman in the video began lustily breathing and soon enough, liquid squirted out of her pussy. Anna pinched her nipple firmly through her shirt, and plunged the rabbit into her soaking wet pussy and slid it in and out gently. The vibrations shook her from the inside out, and tickled her clit, as her fingers played with her now pliable nipple. When this video stopped, Anna clicked on the next up as fast as possible. With each thrust of the vibrator, she grew closer to orgasm.

The next video was of a lesbian couple, a petite pretty brunette and a blond college student. 14 minutes long, Anna thought to herself. That was a good thing, especially if it was a hot one. Lesbian videos were one of Anna's preferences. She herself had never been with a girl or even thought about it seriously, but she wasn't afraid of contact with girls either. Girls were beautiful too, she just really didn't need them for sex. "Oh, oh," she moaned. The rabbit made her pussy burn with pleasure and long for the dildo. She turned off the vibrator and snatched the thick toy from the end table. With one hand, she gingerly inserted the faux cock in between her legs and with the other, rubbed her clit in circles. The ladies in the video were licking each other's wet areas and were loudly vocalizing their pleasures. Anna watched their bodies gyrate and continued fucking herself with her pink dildo. As the girls got closer to cumming, so did Anna. She pinched her clit between two fingers and closed her legs slightly so that the huge rubber dick felt even bigger. She moaned louder and louder along with the video. Her pussy was dripping cum down her ass, onto the soft fabric beneath it and her lips were full and plump with excitement. 

The blond and the brunette took out wicked looking vibrators and slammed them into each other, culminating in a barrage of screams and hip-bucking action. Anna plunged the dildo further in with each thrust, and pulled it in and out faster, her hand swishing across her clit. She could feel the intense rhythms inside her pussy walls, creeping throughout her body, turning her limbs into jelly and reducing her breath to panting. Moments later, she exploded in orgasm herself, screaming loud enough so the neighbors probably heard, but she didn't care. She collapsed down into the couch cushion, and only very slightly, bounced the cock around, re-rubbing her sensitive spots as she watched the satisfying end of the lesbian video. After a minute, she opened her eyes and pulled the dildo out to take a look. She smiled and giggled to herself at how seriously she had treated the whole episode. But it had worked like a charm; the pale pink toy was covered in her cum, dripping down its shaft, and she was completely mellow. 

Anna stood up to wash her toys, pausing to drink down the rest of her cosmo. It was time for ice cream. She went into her bedroom to clean up, pulled down her shirt, put on a pair of black panties, and fixed her mussed hair. Her faithful assistants went back in their drawer and she dreamily walked back to the kitchen, absentmindedly opening the freezer to grab her Cherry Garcia and the silverware drawer for a spoon. As she sat back down with the pint, she thought, "Bring it on Mercury's," and clicked on the television to watch her favorite show.

Exactly 24 hours to the tee later, Anna was sitting in the training room at Mercury's with one other person, waiting for the rest of the trainees and the instructor to arrive. It was already dark outside and it just didn't feel right to still be working, but Anna was determined to make the best of things. At least there's always the amusing shoplifting videos, she told herself, those were entertaining. Then the play cash registers where the managers made sure you could count fairly well. And there was always the chance of a hot guy starting at the same time, right? But, Anna wasn't fooling herself; she knew it was going to be incredibly dull. She looked at the door impatiently. More new people started to trickle in and no one looked interesting at all. The instructor came in a few minutes later, and lastly, a couple of late stragglers, including an old man, a young girl for whom this was probably a first job, and then an attractive red-headed woman who immediately caught Anna's attention.

She was probably a couple of years younger than Anna, but looked intelligent. She had a unique face too, vibrant green eyes that were separated slightly and she donned a wide smile that emanated from strawberry colored lips. Her fiery hair was a bit on the wild side and hung in fluffy waves on the sides of her face, falling down to her shoulders, and her skin was lightly tanned, like pale toast. She was taller than Anna, and slimmer, with a body that was softly toned from exercise, but still had a feminine look. Anna had never seen anyone who looked like this before, and she couldn't stop herself from evaluating this person. Interesting, she thought to herself. The girl took a seat and the instructor began speaking. "Welcome to Mercury's everyone. We're going to start today by watching a video about shoplifting..." Anna turned her attention back to the task at hand.

After the shop-lifting lesson, a video about giving good customer service, and a practice session on the fake cash register, it was time for a break. Anna darted her eyes to the red-head, whose name, she had learned, was Rachel. She timed leaving the room at the same time as Rachel; she wanted to introduce herself. Rachel seemed cool and it would be nice to have someone to relate to in the class. The whole group wound their way toward the restrooms and Anna stood next to Rachel waiting in line. "Hi, I'm Anna," she said and offered her hand. 

"Hi, Rachel," the girl replied. 

"So what do you think of the class so far?" Anna continued the conversation.

Rachel rolled her bright green eyes and smiled. Anna found herself laughing. "Um, it's pretty boring," Rachel giggled back, glad to meet a like-minded person in the group.

"Yeah...and it's 2 more days of it," Anna told her. They would all be coming back tomorrow morning for two full days of training before their first real day on the floor.

"Man, I don't think I can make it!" Rachel pretended to fall over as she walked forward in the line for the toilets. The two girls hit it off like best friends immediately. When they made it back to the room, they split up back into their respective seats and sat through the rest of the session. 

For some reason she couldn't explain, Anna kept glancing in her new friend's direction. "Rachel's really cool," she told herself. "I rarely ever meet someone I get along with so well." Once the class was over, Anna rushed over to Rachel as they all walked out to the parking lot.

The doors opened and cold air rushed in to greet them. Everyone bundled up tighter and bid each other good nights. "Hey it was nice meeting you," Anna said sincerely.

"Yeah, you too. Thank God that day's over! I'm so hungry!" Rachel said. 

"Me too!" Anna exclaimed. She hadn't had time to eat after work before she drove over. "Well, I'm just heading over to Taco Palace right down the road," Rachel mused. "If you want to come, that's cool."

Anna thought about it for half a second. She had nothing to eat in her house except the other half of her Ben and Jerry's. "Sure, why not...if you don't mind."

"Not at all. I'll meet you there," Rachel told her as she walked to her car. 

"Okay," Anna answered and went to her own car. It was already after 9 o'clock, and they had to be back at Mercury's at 9 tomorrow morning. A gal's gotta eat, she said to herself and started up her vehicle. 
