 My name is Heather, I'm 24 and a postgraduate student reading physics at Edinburgh University in Scotland. I have long blond hair, green eyes, a trim figure, and I'm quite tall at 5' 10". I know I'm attractive its obvious from the reaction I get from men and even some women. I don't let myself get tied up in worrying if my bum looks big, I'm a scientist and I love my work, besides my bum isn't big. I don't have much time for romance, I'm not a virgin but my two experiences with boys were not impressive. I do enjoy sex however, my fingers and a home made vibrator (well I am a physicist) get regular use… at least once a day. 

It all started one fresh February morning I caught the train for Edinburgh at Livingston where I'm currently living. The journey should take around 30 minutes but usually takes 45, public transport being what it is in the UK. I would usually read up on my latest project during the journey, but today I had spotted an erotic book in the station shop while waiting for the train to arrive. It stirred something deep in my stomach when I saw the woman on the cover posing provocatively in a leather corset and nothing else. I couldn't help myself I had to buy it. 

When the train arrived I chose the carriage at the back because it was empty and I was a little nervous about openly reading the book on the train. The seats were crammed in to maximise space in groups of three facing each other with a small gap of about half a metre between them. I sat down against a window crossed my legs and started reading. I was soon engrossed in the book, oblivious to everything around me. I began rubbing my legs together causing a delicious friction between the lips of my labia, I had to make a conscious effort not moan out loud. 

I was just getting to a particularly sexy scene when I felt something gently brush my calf , bringing me crashing back to the real world. Sitting opposite me was a middle-aged woman probably in her late forties I'd guess, she had long raven black hair, a slim figure and an attractive if slightly wrinkled face.

She said nothing just smiled at me sexily and resumed rubbing her foot up and down my leg, moving gradually higher up my leg until she reached the point where they crossed. It was obvious what she wanted as she began o coax my top leg off the other with her foot. I looked around the carriage there was no one else except an elderly couple at the other end, deep in conversation. I turned back to the woman opposite, looked straight in her eyes and uncrossed my legs. She smiled and slowly pushed her foot under my skirt, brushing along my thigh, advancing agonisingly slowly. 

Finally her foot reached my crutch and she began to gently slide her toe up and down my slit through the damp cotton of my knickers. I was breathing hard and my bra seemed to have shrunk two sizes. I moved both my hands up to my breasts and began to squeeze them through the material of my sweater and bra. I felt a toe begin to work its way beneath the crutch of my knickers trying to work its way into my vagina. I looked at her and she nodded removing her foot, this allowed we to lift my bum of the seat, inch back my skirt and pulled off my knickers discarding them in a damp pile on the floor. Within seconds of sitting back down and flattening out my skirt I had her big toe inside me and the others rubbing deliciously slowly up and down my clit. Just a few minutes of this and my arousal grew to the most intense feeling I had ever experienced, I was panting heavily and thought I would explode any moment. 

Then the woman who I had met no more than 10 minutes ago did something I shall never forget. Just as I was about to go over the edge, she pulled out of me and stopped stroking, I gasped and opened my eyes looking straight into hers which positively glittered with desire. Then she turned her foot so that it was flat against my crutch, her leg now straight out in front of her but slightly bent. She gave me a wicked smile, then suddenly straightened her leg pushing me back into the chair and jamming her heel hard into my throbbing pussy. 

"Aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" I screamed as I had the most violent orgasm of my life, soaking my skirt and her wonderful foot with my passion juices.

When I finally came down from my post orgasmic high, I realised the train had stopped. I pushed my hair out of my eyes and looked back at the women opposite. She put her shoes back on and stood up. "This is my stop dear" the first words she had spoken to me. Then she winked, said "same time tomorrow maybe?" and walked out the open door. Even if I had wanted to follow her I don't think I could have stood up, I was totally drained, but oh so satisfied!

I had one of my most successful days ever in the lab that day with a constant glow of satisfaction despite having a few problems walking properly.