 Meredith Logan stood semi-breathless, her eyes wide with the sense of something being very wrong - and of course she looked (to the close observer) as a woman who had either just had run a couple of flights of stairs or who had just had an orgasm. 

Kara Brandon had put her jacket back on, freshened her face and taken her hair down. She sat behind her desk completely composed, pretending to write on some paper in front of her.

She barely acknowledged Meredith's presence. 

Meredith made a move toward one of the chairs in front of Kara's desk. 

"Don't sit." Kara looked up, "Lock the door."

"Mrs. Brandon?"

"Do have difficulty hearing Ms. Logan?"

"Uh, no. No ma'am. I'll lock the door."

Kara was still pretending to write, ignoring Meredith. 

"Take off your jacket Ms. Logan."

"Uh, Mrs. Brandon, I'm not wearing a blouse...and uh, I'm not wearing a bra either."

Kara fixed Meredith with a cold stare. "Do I give a fuck what you are or aren't wearing? Just do as you're told."

A cold chill engulfed Meredith's spine. My god, she thought had Mrs. Brandon just ordered her to masturbate and fuck herself with the bottle of frappucino five minutes ago online?

Meredith had been holding the bottle of frappucino, the bottle she had obediently fucked herself with; she looked for a place to set it down so she could unbutton her jacket. 

"Put the bottle on my desk."

"Yes ma'am."

Kara picked up the bottle. Without even bringing it to her nose she could smell Meredith's pungent scent and see smears of her fluids on the tapered neck of the large mouth bottle. 

Almost absentmindedly Kara told Meredith to take off the skirt too. Meredith did not question she just complied and stood naked, except for her pumps, in front of Mrs. Brandon.

Kara clinically inspected Meredith's body. 

Meredith's nipples and areolas were pierced with gold rings and severely bruised. 

Her bellybutton was pierced with a stud. 

And Kara squatted to look at Meredith's sex. Her clit hood was pierced and underneath the neatly cropped red sex hair Meredith's lips appeared to be distended and wet but also bruised as well.

Kara stood, "If I had you spread your ass for me would your hole be as bruised as the other parts of your body?"

"Yes ma'am."

Meredith's belly, back, thighs and ass were covered with red welts. 

Above Meredith's mons was an inscription in permanent black magic marker: "Fuck me here" and an arrow pointing down. 

Between and across the red welts on her back and ass were scratches, cuts and deep bruises. 

Kara wanted to stay focused on being the dominant but she was fascinated by the marks on Meredith's body. Her natural empathy and compassion tried to surface but she pushed it down.

"What, in God's name did you do last night?"

Meredith looked Kara in the face and spoke evenly, "A woman from my sorority, in her 60's to whom I owe a great deal to, picked me up at a bar last night. She took in the bathroom and fucked me in a stall and then forced me to go down on her. 

"After she was done with me, she took me to her house and gave me to her 20 year old grand daughter and 18 year old grand niece, pledges to the sorority. They gave me the welts with a flogger and a leather belt. 

"When they were tired with me, they got me high, wrote on my belly and took me out on the street off Independence Avenue. I lost count of how many men and women raped me. There are scratches on my back and ass aren't there, ma'am?"

"Mmmm, yes. There even looks like an imprint from a Cadillac hood ornament in your lower back." 

Meredith smiled a false smile, "I was wondering what hurt so much. Two Italian guys fucked me and made me suck them off. They had me bent over the hood ornament backwards most of the time.

"I was late for work this morning. I woke up about 4 this morning in an abandoned warehouse in the West Bottoms, naked on a filthy mattress on the floor, lying in a circle of used condoms.

"I suppose that offends your sense of morality Mrs. Brandon but it is rather strange you having me stand in front of you naked." There was a defiant note in her voice. 

Kara smiled somewhat cruelly, "Did you enjoy your evening?"

"I would have preferred to have been abused by the women, ma'am but being dominated by the girls as they whored me out was just as pleasing. 

"Yes. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it very much."

"Well," Kara said as she got up the nerve to touch one of Meredith's abused nipples, take the ring, stretch it out and watch as Meredith reacted, "you're fired. Multiple violations of the corporate policy regarding unauthorized Internet access and sexual harassment."

Meredith was stunned, "You can't fire me for my sex life! And who's harassing whom?!" Kara ignored her, took her by the chin with one hand, eyes locked with hers as she ran her hand down Meredith's body to her sex. 

First Kara pulled the ring in the clit hood until Meredith moved forward to relieve the pressure and moaned. Then Kara slapped the distended lips. Meredith yelped a little and jumped.

Kara grabbed Meredith's file off her desk and then grabbed a handful of Meredith's hair and yanked it back. 

"Look at this file, bitch. This is all the evidence I need. I can fire you. And who, in this building, is going to believe your word over mine, you common fucking whore?"

Meredith felt tears welling up in her eyes, "But..."

Kara wrote something on a business card and handed it to Meredith. 

"Get dressed, get out of my office. You have till the end of business today to clean out your office. My home address is on the back of the card. Be at my house at exactly 6 PM. 

"If you please me sexually, I'll provide for you. If not, I'm sure you can find someone to whore you out."

Kara turned on her heels and went to the washroom leaving Meredith in stunned silence. 

In the washroom Kara sagged against the wall. Her heart was racing and she was having trouble catching her breath. 

Feelings of being out of control alternated rapidly between extreme lust to possess and abuse this woman and guilt over being so cold and cruel to the woman. 

All the feelings were overwhelming.

~~~~~~~~~~

Meredith showed up at Kara's door promptly at six. Erin, the au pair, opened the door and smiled. "Hi, you must be Meredith?"

Meredith returned the smile, "Yes."

"Great, Kara said to send you up to her room. The kids and I will be leaving in just a few minutes. The bedroom's at the top of the stairs and to the left at the end of the hall."

"Thanks." Meredith started up the stairs. 

She felt the mix of fear and lust that each real life encounter with a new person brought her. In this case, since her momentary livelihood depended on pleasing the woman who fired her, the fear was heightened. 

She didn't know how to dress for her encounter. She found it unsettling that Mrs. Brandon had a huge reputation of being a kind, gracious church going woman. 

Normally other women of Meredith's social strata and above were long established in the life though some were closeted. As Meredith packed up her office she confided in a friend who had an excellent "gaydar." 

"Mer, Mrs. Brandon doesn't show up on my gaydar. I'd be very careful. This seems like a very abrupt personality change. You know she caught her husband in bed with two women and threw his ass out. Had him served the very next day. 

"I'd watch my back if I were you. If she's fucked in the head you never know what she might do."

Meredith understood the argument and the caution. She dressed conservatively in slacks and a zippered cardigan. 

She knocked at the door. 

"Come." 

Meredith opened the door and saw Kara in a large chair in the bedroom sitting room. She was wearing an ankle length white terrycloth robe. 

"Take off your clothes and come to me bitch."

Okay, Meredith thought, no preliminaries. And younger and older sorority sisters from other cities had treated her this abruptly before. They wanted to dominate her quickly, to get off quickly and to move on. 

Meredith nodded her acknowledgment and began to undress. 

She didn't need to; her sexual wiring, danger or no, already had her body primed and yearning to be possessed and to give pleasure but she undressed slowly. She caressed herself, neck, throat, breasts and belly. 

She caught and held Kara's eyes as she stripped. 

She pressed her panties to her nose and breathed in deeply, closing her eyes as she was overwhelmed by her own musk. 

She pulled the clit ring slowly until she made herself moan.

She was putting on a show and hopefully Kara was appreciative and maybe getting more turned on. 

Kara sat silently, watching. 

She was getting intensely aroused by Meredith's slow striptease. She had that hot flushed feeling that she felt in her office. 

Her heart was racing and she felt lightheaded but she made no attempt to calm down. 

Silently Meredith went to Kara. 

"Do you want me to kneel...Mrs. Brandon?"

"Yes." Kara reached down beside her chair and produced the incriminating file from earlier in the day. She opened it to the picture of the younger blonde woman in the robe and the older woman using her mouth on her. 

"Do you recognize this picture?"

Meredith was surprised. "You had my hard drive scanned?"

"You have no idea. Corporate IT Security was the one who took your hard drive apart and brought this to me through HR."

Suddenly Meredith had a flash of what was happening. She made a note to even some scores later. 

"Ahhh, well," Meredith was completely unaware that all Kara knew and saw were two women; pornography, "yes, I recognize it. The blonde is Dr. Monica Neal. She's a plastic surgeon. Her husband took the picture. She used me for an hour then gave me to her husband and brother and sister-in-law for the rest of the evening." 

Kara jerked the file back in surprise and intently looked at the kneeling woman between the blonde's legs. She couldn't see a face, just the hair and body. Slowly it dawned on her that indeed Meredith was the woman.

Kara looked at Meredith, opened her robe to expose her body and spread her legs obscenely. "Make me feel like the woman in the picture."

"Yes ma'am. May I talk to you while I serve you, ma'am?"

Kara thought for a moment and then imperiously said yes. 

Meredith slowly approached Kara on her knees. She reached out and gently touched Kara's thighs and then slid her fingers up slowly, bypassing Kara's sex and moving to her hips and belly. 

The sensation reverberated throughout Kara's body. She held in a gasp from the pleasure, she didn't want Meredith to think she was so easy to please. 

Meredith moved in to where her breasts touched - just barely - the inside of Kara's thighs and leaned forward to plant a light kiss on Kara's belly, right above her sex hair. 

The sensation was even more intense than the first. 

Meredith's fingers were still roaming, "You have very beautiful skin, Mrs. Brandon," she whispered. "So soft." It was difficult, with her body being awash in sensations her husband had never given her in 14 years, to maintain her haughty manner but she tried. 

"I didn't shower when I came home. What you are smelling is the scent reading your file created."

Kara thought her scent - arousal mixed with sweat and her feminine deodorant - would be objectionable. 

Meredith ran her nose lightly across Kara's mons and up the skin to her belly and on up between her breasts, where she planted a tender kiss. "Your smell is intoxicating, Mrs. Brandon," she whispered. 

Her eyes were half closed, her breathing shallow and quickening. Meredith was falling into her "cocoon of arousal." 

Meredith moved her body up in order to reach Kara's breasts. 

She felt Kara's sex hair rub pleasantly against her belly, the sides of Kara's thighs gently caressing Meredith's body. 

Kara felt Meredith's roaming fingertips first at the bottoms of her breasts. Then Meredith's small breasts pressed against Kara's belly.

There was a hot breath on a nipple.

"So intoxicating Mrs. Brandon, oh, so intoxicating..."

Meredith's lips encircled Kara's nipple, her tongue flicking out to stroke it then her mouth gently suckled. 

Kara's body was shaking. She let out a hoarse moan. 

Meredith would not stop.

Kara being sexually repressed and deprived did not last the hour that Dr. Neal had. 

Her first orgasm came within minutes of Meredith's suckling. 

Her second came shortly after the first and then she was too sensitive to have Meredith touch her any longer.

Abruptly and roughly she pushed Meredith away from her onto the floor. 

Meredith, lost in her own cocoon, feared she had done something to upset Kara and knowing the temporary consequences of displeasing her, started to cry. 

Kara looked down at her. 

Deep in her heart she wanted to treat Meredith like a normal human being, to take her in her arms and tell her she was sorry. 

She wanted to comfort her. Kara was on the verge of tears too but the feeling to maintain dominance, to maintain cruelty won out. 

"Get out of my room whore! Now! Leave your clothes. Your room is at the other end of the hall. There's a robe for you. Be ready to serve me tomorrow morning before I go to the office."

Meredith was wiping tears from her eyes. She crawled to her feet and fled the room. 

In the guest room she was "assigned" she curled up in the fetal position on the bed, shaking with her own arousal and from fear. And she was suddenly too tired to think about anything. She drifted off to sleep.

To be Continued in Transference, The Conclusion