 Amy was so excited. Tonight was going to be the night she finally got her boyfriend Brian into bed. She was already so wet with anticipation she had to wipe herself off before she slipped into her tiny red satin panties. She then slipped into her favorite little black mini-skirt and a tight white tank top with spaghetti straps that barely pulled it up over her perky breasts. It was cool enough that her nipples poked prominently through the fabric. She slipped her leather jacket on and checked herself out in the mirror for a second before grabbing her purse and heading over to Brian's apartment. She found herself getting warm between the legs again as he answered the door in jeans and a wife-beater that showed off his rugged upper-body. He quickly grabbed his jacket as well and they headed to the local dance club. It took only a few drinks before they were grinding hard on the dance floor. Amy was straddling one of Brian's leg and rubbing herself up and down on it while Brian fondled her tight little ass. Both of them were feeling more than a little dirty.

Brian held her close and whispered in nastily into her ear, "You love rubbing your little cunt on me don't you? In front of all these people too, you're such a little slut!"

Amy breathed back, "Oooh yeah, you're making me all wet you sexy stud!"

"Maybe we better cool it before you soil your panties, eh?" replied Brian. Amy nodded and they moved into a booth to order some more drinks. After some white Russians they were both feeling very tipsy. Amy was ready to jump on the closest guy next to her while Brian was getting tired from all the drinks. Since Brian needed a rest, Amy went to the dance floor by herself. She found a cute guy and started grinding herself on him with little hesitation. Soon she was moaning as the guy reached under her skirt to feel her smooth ass.

Amy was completely lost in the moment when Brian's angry voice shook her out of it, "You bitch! You can't go five seconds without getting on some other guy, can you?" Amy tried to respond, but Brian cut her off, "It's over whore, this happens every time and I won't put up with it anymore!" Amy stood in stunned disbelief as Brian walked out the door. The other guy had disappeared too, not wanting to get in a fight. All of a sudden she could barely breathe. She grabbed her jacket and ran to the nearest exit. She gasped for fresh air as she stepped into the alley. It had started raining and the cool drops brought her back to reality. Realizing what had just happened, she collapsed to the ground crying. A tap on the shoulder made her look up. A warm face framed by shiny black locks greeted her.

The girl spoke softly, trying to comfort her, "Hey, what's wrong?"

"My boyfriend just dumped for no reason," Amy sobbed out, "He's never acted like that before, I don't know what happened."

"Relax, he'll come to his senses when he sobers up. Why don't you come over to my place to warm up and get out of this rain? We can talk it out and I'm sure you'll feel better tomorrow."

Amy looked at the girl again. She looked like she was a college student the same as Amy. She didn't usually trust people, but this girl seemed different somehow.

"OK," Amy said nodding her head.

"Sounds great, my name's Heather by the way," the girl replied, taking Amy's hand to help her up.

"I'm Amy, nice to meet you."

Heather lived at a typical college apartment complex that was just a short walk from the bar. They were both glad to get out of the cold rain.

"Hey Heather!" greeted Heather's roommate from the couch.

"Don't you ever get dressed?" shot back Heather. The girl was sitting there in gray boxer-briefs and a tank top.

"You know me, why get dressed when you're not going out?"

"I guess you have a point there. Hey Ashley, I'd like you to meet Amy. Amy, this is my roommate Ashley."

With introductions out of the way they all sat down in front of the TV. Amy finally got a chance to see Heather in a better light and she didn't look like the type of girl who would be alone. She was wearing a white cotton T-shirt that was practically invisible because of the rain along with a tight leather skirt and black stockings. Her very visible breasts were small but beautifully round. Her face was absolutely gorgeous with her short black hair cascading around it. Ashley didn't look like someone who spent her nights alone either. Her long wavy auburn hair hung down to incredible breasts that almost burst out of her top. Her long smooth legs didn't hurt her either.

"So, what happened with this guy?" Heather asked Amy, attempting to figure out why this beautiful girl was left crying in the alley.

"He wanted to sit a dance out, so I started dancing with some other guy and he just flipped out. I'd danced with other guys before and he never cared."

"It sounds like he just had too much to drink, girl. I wouldn't worry about it too much, no guy would give up a pretty girl like you that easily," Ashley tried to ease her worries.

"Yeah, you're probably right. I'm just a little extra upset cause I thought tonight we would finally have sex."

"So, that's why you're so upset, huh? I know what it's like babe. I can't remember the last time I had a really good lay. My hand is getting way too much exercise lately," said Heather, finally understanding the situation. Amy was taken aback by Heather's casual mention of masturbation. The other two seemed to pick up on this immediately.

"How come you seem so shocked? Don't tell me you've never slipped a couple fingers between your thighs," Ashley questioned.

"It's not that, I just don't usually sit around talking about masturbation all the time."

"Well, there's nothing to be shy about. Practically everybody does it. Everybody has their own little way too, don't they Heather?"

"Yeah, my favorite is just plunging in with a few fingers and banging myself until I pass out," replied Heather happily.

"What's your favorite way to get off Amy?" asked Ashley inquisitively.

"Well...ummm."

"Come on Amy, don't be shy."

"OK, I usually just rub something between my legs like a pillow or something," Amy said starting to open up, "I remember my first time when I was 13, I was so horny I squeezed a teddy bear between my legs and rubbed myself all over it. So how do you do it Ashley?"

"I love using toys. I have a huge dildo collection. Sometimes I like fucking my pussy with a dildo with a vibrator in my ass. It makes me cum buckets."

"Gee, thanks for the graphic description there, Ashley," said Heather sarcastically. Amy guessed their sex talks didn't usually go this far.

"You want me to make it more graphic for you? I've even got a little dare in mind. I'll demonstrate my technique if you both demonstrate yours." Amy couldn't believe where this was going.

"You wanna get gross, huh? I'm game, how about you Amy?" Amy sat there stunned. All the same she was getting a little bit turned on by all this talk of masturbation. She wasn't sure what to say.

After some deciding she spoke up, "OK," she whispered a little hesitantly. She couldn't believe herself.

"Alright, I'm going first," Heather piped up.

She stood up in front of the couch and pulled off her skirt revealing lacy black panties and the tops of her black stockings. Without bothering to remove her T-shirt she slipped a hand into her panties and began caressing her sweet pink lips. It wasn't long before she had her panties down around her ankles and was furiously pumping her fingers in and out of her gooey hole.

"Oh, fuck! That feels so damn good! Uhhhn, mmmm, ooh yeah!" Heather screamed out as her fingers became a blur, working her cunt hard and fast. Sticky juices dripped down her thighs as she flung her head back in ecstasy.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna cum! Uhm ah oooh unh." Heather moaned out, "OH FUCK!" Heather screamed as she hit climax. She collapsed onto the floor and her sweet jism made a little pool on the carpet. She pulled her fingers out of her pussy and licked them off. By this time Ashley already had a wet spot on her boxer-briefs. She had already collected two penis-shaped dildos for her performance as well.

"Alright! My turn now," she said excitedly, jumping up from the couch. She quickly pulled off her boxer-briefs and placed a lubed up dildo slowly into her tight ass. She whimpered a little when she flipped it on, but then regained her composure and laid down on the floor to give Amy and Heather a clear view. Then she took the other plastic cock and slid it in-between her wet folds. Soon she was gasping as she pumped the dildo in and out of her cunt. Amy could tell this wasn't going to take long. She could also feel a familiar wetness between her legs as she watched the vulgar act. The still skirt-less and panty-less Heather was clearly excited by the show, once again fingering herself.

"Ahh shit, oooh yeah, oooh yeah. That's how I like it!" Ashley panted as she fucked herself hard with the dildo. Her hips started bucking and her legs spread wide as she finally hit orgasm. Another stain was left on the carpet as Ashley's juices flowed out from between her thighs. Heather rushed up and removed the dildos from the half-conscious Ashley so she could lick them off. Heather absolutely loved the taste of fresh cum.

"Well, it looks like it's my turn," mumbled Amy as she took center stage. In fitting with the other girls, she left her top on, removing only her skirt and panties. She then grabbed a pillow off the couch and bunched it up between her legs. She squatted down on the floor and began rubbing herself all over the silky pillow. It felt so good against her wet crotch. Her ass clenched and unclenched as she rode the pillow, oblivious to everything around her.

"Oh goodness, oh shit, oh fucking shit," she moaned as her pussy slipped and slid all over the soft material. Her golden curls bounced about her head as she fucked the pillow hard. Ashley and Heather were both masturbating furiously at the incredibly erotic scene. Amy just whimpered more and more while the orgasm swelled up inside her. With a loud "OH SHIT!" she came and nearly fainted while her jism leaked out onto the pillow. That's when they finally noticed their other roommate Jessica had gotten back from her night out.

"Looks like the real party was in here tonight, eh?" she said, breaking the silence. Ashamed, Amy used the pillow to cover herself up while the other two seemed relatively unconcerned that they had been caught.

"So, aren't you going to introduce me to your pillow-humping friend?" Amy was so embarrassed she couldn't speak.

"Oh, sorry Jessica, this is Amy, Amy this is Jessica," Heather piped up.

"Ummmm...Hi," Amy managed feeling incredibly awkward.

"Don't feel so ashamed Amy, I play these games with Heather and Ashley all the time," Jessica reassured her. So that's why Ashley and Heather were so comfortable with this Amy thought to herself.

"Do you mind if I join in?" Heather asked, "Amy's little show got me a little horny."

"Sure, we're just demonstrating our favorite ways to get ourselves off," Heather explained.

"Why bother masturbating when we could do each other?" Jessica asked, giving Amy the shock of her life.

"I don't know if Amy's ready for that," Heather replied.

"I think it's time we found out then." With that Jessica helped Amy off the floor and passionately kissed her. Amy wasn't sure what to do. She could feel the warmth growing in-between her legs though. It felt so good, she had to kiss back. As the kiss continued Amy lost herself in the moment, then she felt Jessica's smooth fingers enter her pussy. Their tongues fought each other as Jessica's fingers slurped in and out of Amy's wet hole. Finally Jessica had to come up for air and withdrew her fingers at the same time.

"How was that?" Jessica asked. Amy couldn't answer, she was so lost in the enjoyment and pleasure of that amazing kiss. A little foolish grin was all she could manage.

"I'd say she liked it," Ashley chimed in, "but she'll like this even more." Ashley moved up behind her and dropped to her knees. Grabbing Amy's thighs, she spread them a little wider and then gave her sticky pussy lips a soft kiss. She continued, kissing a little harder, probing around with her tongue. Amy just moaned softly at this new experience. Ashley found her clitoris and sucked on it gently eliciting a small cry from Amy's lips. Her tongue swirled around inside her pussy, vigorously seeking out that magic spot. Amy flung her head back, closing her eyes and making little cries every now and then when Ashley found the right spot. Streams of sweet honey ran down the inside of her thighs as Ashley lapped at her poor little pussy like a dog. Finally Ashley went for the finisher, taking Amy's hard clit into her mouth and swirling her tongue around it, bathing it in her saliva. Amy went wild, shaking and screaming out. Her cum poured out, splashing over Ashley's face. She fell over forward into Jessica, breathing hard from the most incredible orgasm she'd ever had.

"Ohh fuck! I've never had an orgasm like that before," Amy moaned into Jessica's shoulder.

"Don't worry baby, it won't be your last," Jessica replied seductively, "but first, I think Heather is feeling a little left out. Ashley, why don't you keep Amy company while I help myself to a little bit of Heather."

Jessica climbed onto the couch with Heather and gave her a deep kiss. Heather's tongue slipped and slid over Jessica's while her hands pulled up Jessica's long emerald green dress. Jessica was busy pulling up Heather's shirt to get at her chest. Finally exposing Heather's pert little breasts, Jessica withdrew her tongue from Heather's mouth and kissed her nipples instead. Heather groaned and gave up on trying to get under Jessica's dress. Jessica sucked hard on Heather's tits, tickling the now very hard nipples with her tongue as she did. Heather could only manage a few muffled moans as Jessica took complete control.

Meanwhile Amy and Ashley had collapsed into a nearby chair, necking passionately.

"So, are you ready for your first taste of pussy?" Ashley whispered into Amy's ear.

"I think so."

Ashley climbed up on the arms of the chair, placing one knee on each arm. Amy, still sitting in the chair had clear view of Ashley's furry pussy, but wasn't quite sure what to do. Tentatively, she reached up and held Ashley's waist to steady her, moving her mouth closer to Ashley's pink folds. She poked her tongue out and pressed it against Ashley's lower lips. Ashley's little moan told her she was doing the right thing. Amy's tongue quickly searched out her clitoris, giving it a few gentle licks before exploring deeper into her wet hole.

"Ohh baby, you're a natural-born cunt licker," Ashley encouraged, pressing herself harder against Amy's sweet lips. Amy responded with a long "mmmmmm" as she savored Ashley's sweet juices.

Back at the couch, Heather had finally managed to get Jessica's dress off. Her panties had been removed as well, leaving her in just a garter belt and her silky green stockings. Jessica was sitting on Heather's face, getting the tongue-lashing of her life. She squirmed and moaned as Heather's tongue probed her depths.

"Ahh Uhhh Ahhh Ooooh, shit, oh fuck, lick me you slut oh yeah," Jessica moaned out. It was clear that Heather had her on the brink of cumming. Heather had to hold her in place so that her slick wet crotch wouldn't slide all over her face as she gyrated. Finally, Jessica's eyes rolled back and she screamed.

"I'm... unnhh... I'm cumming!, oh shit that feels amazing. Unnnhhhhh"

Heather lapped up all the Jessica juice she could as it came flowing out. She loved the taste of fresh cunt juice. Meanwhile, Amy had Ashley nearing orgasm as well. Ashley had to hold on the chair tight so that she wouldn't fall in her precarious position. No matter how hard she tried, Amy couldn't control Ashley's bucking hips and had pussy thrust into her mouth with each thrust. Amy still managed to gingerly tickle Ashley's clit though, driving her wild. She was so close to orgasm her pussy was literally dripping onto Amy's face. 

"Ohhhh, unnnnhhhh... I'm... uhhhh... I'm gonna... oh shit...ahhhh mmmm...cum!" Ashley cried out as her orgasm hit her full force. Amy was showered with Ashley's sweet cum, so much that it even dripped off her chin.

"Oh, I can't believe how great that was. I've never tasted anything like it," Amy said excitedly as she licked the fluid off her face.

"I think we've got a cum-lover on our hands here," Ashley joked, settling back down into the chair beside Amy.

The girls were fairly tired at this point (it was pretty late anyway) and one by one they drifted off to sleep.

To Be Continued...