 Summary: Teacher is given to three 18-year-old ex-students for the weekend.

NOTE 1: Obviously, if you haven't read parts 1 and 2, I highly recommend you do before reading this part 3. 

NOTE 2: This story is dedicated to the beautiful Julie... and to the just as beautiful Sydney.

NOTE 3: Thanks to Estragon for his dedication to making my work better. An updated draft was redone in February 2019 with help from Tex Beethoven.

*

With my daughter Elaine back home, the evenings returned to being routine: supper, Wii game, homework and bedtime story. Once she was in bed I attempted to mark papers, but the upcoming weekend continued to creep out of my subconscious into haunting my conscious thoughts. This weekend, Mistress Constance was giving me to her daughter and friends as a gift. I could only begin to imagine what might happen. Whenever that naughty event wasn't spinning in my brain, the thought of Amy and our potential relationship occupied my mind. At work her smile made me smile, and although we hadn't had a major conversation about the wonderful fireworks that had happened between us, I knew neither of us regretted it, and we both looked forward to doing it again. If and when we might move in together was a different topic, and especially because of her marital status (married to and still living with an amazingly understanding and supportive husband named Winston) and both of us having kids, a topic that would require much careful thought.

At work I'd been left alone by Constance's other three subs, for which I was incredibly thankful. Life had slowly begun to return to my life before Constance's seduction of me.

Then came Friday...

I was a nervous wreck at work and if it weren't for Amy, I don't know how I would have made it through the day. At lunch, in my classroom with the door locked, I frantically burst out with, "Amy, I can't go through with this! I just can't!"

Amy comforted me, "Hannah, I love you, but you're being a drama queen."

"Excuse me?"

"Well, I know you're stressed about it, I understand that. But have a look: the truth is, you're also really excited about the weekend, aren't you?"

I thought about it and realized she was right. Although on the one hand I had stressed continually about this ever since I'd learned what was expected of me, at least in broad strokes knowing I was to serve as a sex slave to some eighteen-year-old girls, but completely in the dark about any specifics, on the other hand I'd also gotten wet very frequently from thinking about Mistress Constance's beautiful daughter Karli. Last night I had a vivid, pussy dripping dream about being her personal sex toy. "Yes, but..." I began.

"No buts. I'm so happy Mistress Constance seduced you, because that's what brought us together. But truthfully (my but... you're still not allowed one, my pet), I'm a bit jealous of these teen girls getting to have their way with you all weekend. All I've had is a couple of hours with you, life changing as they were."

"Really? You're jealous?"

"Yes, don't you get it, Hannah? I've loved you for a long time and now that I finally know there's a real possibility of you and me becoming an 'us', I have to compete with hot fucking eighteen-year-olds."

"I want to spend lots of time with you too, Amy. A lifetime, as a matter of fact."

"Good. So on Tuesday Winston can look after our kids on his own, your ex can continue looking after Elaine through the weekend until Wednesday evening, and we'll go out on a date."

"In public?" I asked.

"Well I won't molest you in plain view of anyone, but yes. Anyone who sees us will just see two friends, but you and I will both know it's a date. I trust our souls will be connecting pretty much the entire time."

"That sounds wonderful," I replied, excited.

"Good, I'll make the plans while you're out whoring it up with a bunch of teen goddesses."

"Haha."

It was then I was paged over the intercom. I looked at Amy, suddenly anxious again. She shrugged. "They usually behave at school. This could actually be school business."

"Right, of course," I agreed dubiously.

I went to the office and the collar-wearing secretary Alice handed me an envelope and whispered, "It's from our Mistress."

I took it and turned to go back to class, when I heard Alice's singsong voice, "Have fun this weekend."

It could have been her typical politeness, or now that I knew her dark side, it could have meant she knew very well what my weekend would include.

I turned around and knew instantly from her sly smirk that there was no question: she definitely knew about my upcoming submission to a bunch of eighteen-year-olds. I don't know why I said it, maybe to get rid of her smug smile or maybe to make her jealous, if any of that makes sense, but I responded cheerfully, "Oh, I plan on having loads of fun." I winked saucily and sauntered away.

Dear Hannah,

I will pick you up at your house at 6 o'clock. I expect you dressed to please and packed for two days. I recommend a couple of bathing suits, lingerie, and whatever else you may deem necessary.

As mentioned before, you will be a birthday present for my daughter, Karli. She doesn't know about you yet. While at the cabin, you are to obey EVERY order any of the girls give you. You are to serve their every whim completely.

Mistress Constance

P.S.-I am happy to hear you and one of my other lesbian sluts Amy, may be getting intimate. Be a good sub this weekend and I won't get in the way... at least not too much.

So this servitude to her daughter was only to last for the weekend! Wonderful news! Going forward, one less distraction from Amy! The note didn't really say anything else new, and for some reason the encounter with our secretary Alice had somehow given me an odd, stubborn confidence. If I ignored the fact these would likely all be ex-students of mine, what was really happening was a weekend sex retreat... and no longer than that... with some hot teenagers. As I walked down the hallway my pussy began to get wet, and I had to wrench my focus back to a place suitable for teaching my young students.

The afternoon was uneventful, and it flew by like most afternoons do with twenty-four grade four students.

When the day was done, Amy came in to offer me a final reassurance. "It'll be ok, Hannah."

"I know," I agreed, "what's the worst that could happen?"

Amy smiled and offered, "Well, you might be bound to a bed and fucked over and over again with a ten-inch dildo while you eat pussy after pussy after pussy." Amy pantomimed herself being bound spread eagle. "Now I really am jealous."

I laughed and turned serious. "Thanks so much for your support, Amy."

"Oh, don't worry, I expect a pretty good thank you on Tuesday evening, especially once we get back to your empty house with Elaine asleep across town," she teased.

"Oh Amy." I blushed. "I'm all yours that evening, and I think you know by now how totally I mean that."

I headed home, packed my daughter's weekend bag and my weekend bag. I packed stockings, lingerie which I hadn't used in a long time, heels, and a couple of rarely-worn bikinis. I wore a comfortable sundress, no panties of course, those were a garment in the past, with tan thigh highs and two-inch heels for the drive. Slightly provocative, but not slutty.

Once Elaine was picked up by the bastard who will remain unnamed, I still had thirty minutes to wait and think.

I was nervous, but had accepted my fate, both the good and the bad. Because even though I had brief moments of anxiety and wishing I could go back to my "normal" life, the reality was that I was finally free from my loneliness, and from the shackles of insecurity and lovelessness I'd experienced after my divorce.

To my surprise, it wasn't Constance picking me up, but instead an older gentleman who told me he'd been hired to drive me up to the lake. I was thankful, because I could now avoid the awkward and long conversation I'd been expecting and dreading with Constance.

Friday city traffic was crazy, so an hour and a bit later, we arrived at the lake, and the driver pulled up to the Blues Barn Tavern. He, in what I assumed would be the last act of chivalry I would receive for a while, came around and opened the door for me.

I went into the tavern. Constance was there by herself, having a drink. She waved me over to her booth and I obediently went over and sat down across from her.

She asked, "How was the drive?"

"There was some lovely scenery," I listened to myself babble meaninglessly.

"There is some lovely scenery right here," she flirted coyly.

I blushed, "Ditto."

"Are you 'Ghost' referencing me?"

"It's one of my favorite movies."

"Mine too. But enough chit chat. Are you ready?"

"As ready as anyone can be for such an unpredictable task."

Constance stood up and hooked a leash to the collar that was now a constant accessory to my apparel except when I was bathing. "Let's go. You may walk for now."

"Thank you, Mistress," I said, truly thankful she didn't make me crawl across the tavern floor.

She led me outside, a few curious eyes watching us. Instead of hanging my head down in the shame I was feeling inside, I followed her with my head held high and a confident smile on my face.

We walked past a couple of families and a group of teenagers, all of them fascinated by our odd promenade.

When we arrived on the porch of a large cottage, Mistress ordered, "On your knees." I obeyed, now on my knees, still in a public setting, at the entrance to a pretty big cottage. She ordered, "Wait here."

I sat on my haunches like the submissive I was. One minute became two, which became five and then ten. Occasionally someone walked by while I waited obediently. A couple of teenage boys heckled me, and someone whistled, calling out, "Here, girl!" Facing the door to the cottage I ignored them all, at least outwardly, except that my face and chest must have been fire-engine red.

Finally, my humiliation burning fiery hot, the door opened slightly, and I heard my Mistress say, "Ok girls, close your eyes, 'cause Mommy has a super-duper big surprise."

She opened the door just enough to reach my leash and lead me to crawl into the room. There were only three girls there, not the flock I'd been expecting. The one blindfolded was Constance's eighteen-year-old daughter Karli. To call her beautiful didn't do her justice; she radiated sexuality. Her hair was so blonde it was almost white; her tan was a gentle brown. If I could choose only one eighteen-year-old to dominate me, it would be her. I surveyed the rest of the room. A chubby brunette, who I would later learn was named Allie, was sitting on a couch in a bikini set that wasn't flattering at all. That said, her breasts were mammoth, and I couldn't help but feel my mouth water. Sitting next to her was a strawberry blonde I recognized as Destiny. I'd taught her eight years ago. She, like Karli, had turned into a beautiful young woman. She was tall, strong, small breasted, a typical female athlete.

Constance said, "Ladies, you may now open your eyes, but do not give away the nature of Karli's present. I have one final surprise for my daughter."

The two girls opened their eyes, and each let out similar shocked sounds.

Allie joked, "Wow, just the present I've always wanted."

Destiny chuckled, "Oh, my fucking God."

Allie complimented my Mistress, "Constance, you really outdid yourself this time. I thought the Porsche was a damn good birthday present, but this... wow... just fucking wow."

"What is it?" Karli asked, dying to find out.

"All in good time, dear. You won't remember asking for this, but I do. Now I need you to open your legs wide," Constance told her daughter.

"What? Why?" Karli asked, suddenly confused.

Destiny reassured Karli, "Trust your mom, Karli. It'll be worth it."

"Ok," Karli agreed tentatively, but you could tell she was nervous.

"Don't get all up tight. You had that nerd Valerie eating your pussy in the school bathroom just a few hours ago," Allie accused.

"And you've eagerly been lapping from my pussy pretty much daily," Destiny surprised us all.

Karli's face went blood red. "Destiny, my Mother is in the room."

"Don't worry, I think she already knows you're a dyke," Destiny suggested, looking directly at Karli's Mother.

"Destiny!" A mortified and blindfolded Karli blurted out, clearly horrified by this blatant revelation of her lesbian side to her mother.

It was Constance who spoke next, her expression showing her power side. "Karli, I didn't know you were a dyke, but I had no doubt you were at least bi. For one thing, I've heard sounds coming from your room when you and Destiny were in there that definitely weren't the moans and whimpers of studying. Secondly, your fourth most popular website after Facebook, Twitter and Yahoo is Literotica, and you almost only read lesbian stories, your favourite being Pet Teacher, if I'm not mistaken."

"Well then, there's no point in hiding it anymore, is there?" Destiny announced giddily.

"I'm sorry, Mom," Karli announced, tears beginning to form.

Constance comforted her daughter, "It's ok, baby. Liking girls is nothing to be ashamed of. If you must know, I too love to play in that field."

"You do?" Karli gasped, shocked by her Mother's confession.

"Yes, in fact I have a collection of pets," she smiled.

"Pets?" Karli asked, completely oblivious to one of these pets kneeling on the floor a few feet away from her, already salivating at the thought of tasting this beautiful eighteen-year-old's pussy.

"Yes, honey, I'll explain more about that tomorrow. But right now, this is your special day. "

Allie agreed, "Yes, Karli, it's your birthday today. Let's celebrate with a special feast."

Constance and Destiny exploded in laughter while the still blindfolded Karli sat there, bewildered.

Constance explained, "I didn't know what to get for the girl who had everything, so I got you your very own pet for the weekend."

"W-w-what?" Karli stammered, clearly baffled by what kind of pet it could be, and I'm sure not remotely thinking it could be her grade four teacher.

Constance's dominant do-as-I-say tone returned, "Open your legs wide, Karli."

Recognizing her mother's don't-fuck-with-me voice, she opened her legs. From my subservient position, I could see straight up to her white undies.

Constance leaned in next to my ear and whispered, "Crawl my pet, get between my daughter's legs and offer yourself to your weekend Mistress."

I obeyed, my pussy already wet with anticipation. Once my shoulder brushed Karli's leg, she stiffened slightly. I finally spoke up, "Mistress Karli, I'm happy to tell you I've been summoned here to serve as your eighteenth birthday present."

There was a long silence while Karli attempted to put a name and a face to my voice. It must have been nearly a minute before she asked doubtfully, "Ms. Hawkins?"

"Yes, dear. I'm your personal plaything for the weekend," I responded, my voice dripping with sweet sincerity. Before she could respond, I reached out and tugged at her underwear and she lifted up her ass. Once I'd gotten her panties off, I began licking her pussy, my nose resting on a neatly trimmed pubic hair patch just above her clit.

Her moans began the second my tongue touched her shaved pussy lips.

As I lapped at the eighteen-year-old's ripe pussy, I heard her Mom, my Mistress, saying, "I hope you like your present. I'll see you at lunch tomorrow, as we planned."

Karli moaned, my tongue clearly making her happy, "I love it, Mom."

Constance, her voice trailing away replied, "I knew you would." Seconds later, the door opened and closed, and I was left alone with three eighteen-year-old girls, two of whom were my ex-students.

While I licked and licked at Karli's delicious pussy, I felt a pair of hands on my hips, lifting up my dress. I learned it was Destiny when I heard her say, "Oh my, she's commando and already very, very wet." The humiliation burned slightly, but Karli's sweet taste kept me pacified. Her moans increased as I licked the most delicious cunt I'd ever licked, not that I'd tasted a lot of pussy for comparison.

Karli, now close to orgasm, got more excited, "Yes, Ms. Hawkins, lick my pussy, oh my God, yes, it feels so good." I took her clit into my mouth and she screamed, "Oh my fucking God, I'm coming!" I kept lapping as she quivered her way through several small convulsions on the chair. I loved the power my tongue had. It was a great feeling to know I could bring such pleasure to someone.

"Well Ms. Hawkins, there are two more of my friends to taste test before we really get this party going," she announced, her blindfold apparently long gone as she stood up and led me by the leash over to Destiny.

Destiny, already without her bikini bottom, opened her legs to me as I crawled towards her. "Let's see how good you are with your tongue," she crooned, spreading her legs to reveal a completely shaved pussy. She leaned back on the couch and tugged on the leash Karli had just handed her. I crawled like a good puppy between her legs and began licking her pussy. Eager to please her and to prove how good I was, I treated her pussy like a pair of regular lips: kissing them, parting them with my tongue, and entering inside her warm oasis to engage the tasty wetness within. Her moans began to increase, just softly at first, but as I felt her wetness spreading across my face, she got excessively verbal. "That's it, teacher slut, lick my cunt." Her nasty tone made me hornier. My dignity long left behind, I was theirs to use all weekend and I revelled at the opportunity. She teased me, "You like my cunt, teacher?"

"Yes, ma'am," I replied quickly and immediately returned to the task at mouth.

"Ma'am," she chuckled, "I've never been called that." Grabbing the back of my head, she pulled me in deeper and began rubbing her cunt up and down my face. It was hard to breathe, but I tried to ignore that as I desperately continued to lick and please. Without warning a wave of juice coated my face, and I hungrily devoured every drop I could reach. Once her orgasm had finished, I felt the leash tug me backwards and I was led to the last remaining pussy.

Allie, chubby but not fat, had already shed her bikini bottom. But she did present a major issue. As I reached her pussy, I was greeted with a bush so hairy that I couldn't even see her pussy lips. Once Allie had taken the leash, I was roughly pulled between her chunky legs and my face was buried into a dense forest of hair. I searched with my mouth to find the girl's clit, knowing that would be the quickest way to get her off. The tangle of hair poked into my face, went up my nose and tickled me. It was a challenge, but she was wet already, and I managed to find her clit and sucked it into my mouth. Her legs instantly tightened around my head and I began to suck and nibble her clit between my lips. Her juice leaked out slightly, and her naughty scent seemed to just sit there, nestled in her hair. The smell wasn't overly pleasant, and unlike the lengthy time I'd spent savouring Karli's sweet juice, I desperately wanted to get this cunt over with quickly, which was difficult with her increasingly nasty scent and her tangled pubic hair making me a bit nauseous. Malodourous hairs in my mouth and up my nose were a disgusting distraction. I sucked and lapped forever, but I couldn't seem to get her to come. Frustrated, I awkwardly slid a finger inside her pussy and she let out a yelp. I searched for her g-spot, and once I found it, I put as much pressure and friction on it as I could. A few seconds later, I was coated with juice as she finally came. I quit sucking, and unlike every other pussy I'd ever served (a grand total of six so far, including her two classmates), I did my best not to swallow anything and just let the orgasm subside. Finally, after what seemed like forever, she pushed my head away gently.
