 Transference, The Conclusion

Meredith awakened with a start by the au pair covering her with a blanket. 

"I'm really sorry, I, uh, didn't mean to see you, uh, naked, but you looked cold."

Meredith stared at the girl. She was a little disoriented. She remembered where she was but had no idea of what time it was. "What are you doing in here anyway?"

Erin blushed, "Oh, I'm sorry, Kara is in the shower. I thought before she got out you might want a cup of coffee and maybe a little breakfast. 

"I don't think I'm supposed to talk to you but I heard you crying when I got home last night.

"I just want to make you feel comfortable."

Erin picked up a tray from beside the bed. There was a cup of coffee, a bowl of cereal and some toast with jam. 

And a cigarette and a lighter. 

Meredith spied the cigarette, something she'd been dying for since before her disastrous performance last night. She slowly looked up into the eyes of the wholesome au pair and smiled. 

"Was this your idea?" Meredith held up the Marlboro Red. 

Erin blushed, "Yeah. I thought maybe you'd want it. Oh, and here," Erin produced a box of makeup removal towelettes, "We're looking a bit "owl-y" this morning. I don't think Kara wants you to shower, she told me not to give you any towels or washcloths. These aren't technically washcloths."

"How old are you?" Meredith asked as she lit up and inhaled slowly and deeply.

"22."

"You are wise and kind beyond your years Erin."

"I used to live in a coed dorm."

Meredith blew out the smoke and smiled an approving smile. 

She finished her cigarette and her breakfast quickly not knowing what might happen next and then she lay back down on the bed. 

At 5 till 8 Meredith heard the door open and rolled over to see who it was. Kara fixed Meredith with an odd expression as she closed the door slowly. 

Meredith pulled the blanket around her in a show of modesty as she watched Kara slowly start unbuttoning the red coatdress she wore.

"Where'd you get the blanket, whore? Erin?"

"She was concerned about me. She only had good intentions. She doesn't know what's going on with us. I don't really know what's going on between us."

Kara was down to her bra and panties. She didn't respond to Meredith's uncertainty, just maintained her odd expression. 

"I take it you're giving me a second chance before you kick me out in the street."

Kara took the bra off and slowly rubbed her breasts, idly playing with her nipples. "What do you mean bitch? You were excellent last night. Now you need to be excellent this morning." 

Kara stepped out of her panties. She laid them on the chair with her other clothing and took out a piece of paper from her dress pocket and then walked to the edge of the bed.

She unfolded the piece of paper and held it out for Meredith to see. It was a picture from the file. "Tell me about this picture."

"The woman on top of me - it is me, it's a little hard to tell - is Cynthia Alexa, the wife of David Alexa, the man who probably ordered IT security to make a file on me and who ordered you to fire me.

"If there's any doubt, remember the tattoo on the woman's back. Next time you and the Alexa's have a get together - you do socialize with them, right? Next time you party with them asked Cynthia to show you her tattoo.

"By the way, Cynthia is spyder_mistress."

Kara was incredulous. Of all the chat transcripts in Meredith's file the chats between spyder_mistress and Meredith were the most graphic, most sadistic and most violent. 

She did socialize with the Alexa's and Cynthia had even attended, on a fairly regular basis, Kara's women Bible study group. Cynthia had two children and volunteered in some of the same charities as Kara. She couldn't believe the change between the person she knew in real life and the persona of spyder_mistress. 

Momentarily Kara lost her dominant edge, overwhelmed by curiosity, "How many women do you know sexually?!"

"More than your church and your morals allow, I'm sure."

Kara seemed to be staring into space trying to make sense of what she'd just heard. 

Meredith was very cautious, seeing Kara disoriented. Her voice was soft, seductive, "Kara...Kara, may I come to you and give you pleasure?"

Kara didn't answer verbally, she simply sat in a chair in the sitting room like the night before. Meredith came off the bed wrapped in the blanket and knelt before Kara. 

Meredith started with Kara's face, neck and breasts in a variation of what is known in some circles as "Australian Sex." 

By the time Meredith had reached "down under" - Kara's virginal asshole - Kara was shaking and moaning and spitting out obscene abuse to Meredith as if Kara was in a delirium or demon possessed or both. 

Kara came three times: once from just the pressure of Meredith's belly against her swollen vulva, the second time as Meredith suckled her breasts and caressed her neck and the third time as she screamed while Meredith rimmed her ass.

But like the night before, Meredith was repaid for her pleasures by being pushed to the floor and verbally abused, Kara's voice hot with anger, contempt and disgust. Then she was kicked several times.

Meredith curled into a fetal position on the floor and sobbed while Kara calmly got dressed. When Kara left for work Erin came in and helped Meredith get up and cleaned up. 

When Erin wasn't occupied with taking care of the girls she tried to take care of Meredith, making sure she was well fed, had coffee and cigarettes and wasn't physically hurt. 

Erin was smart enough to know something strange was going on. She was afraid sometimes for Meredith but Meredith always said she was okay and thanked her for her concern.

This pattern of twice, sometimes three times daily (if Kara came home for lunch) sexual assault and abuse went on for the next four weeks.

Meredith was only allowed a robe to wear and she was only permitted in the back yard when the children were away. She was a virtual slave. 

~~~~~~~~~~

On a Friday night at the end of the fifth week of their relationship, Kara brought home a strapon dildo and had a wild, agitated look on her face. 

Erin didn't want to but she told the police that Mrs. Brandon looked "crazy" and that she was afraid something bad was going to happen. 

Meredith had been enjoying being a kept slave. Erin and the fact that Kara was finally interested in watching Meredith have orgasms kept things pleasantly bearable.

But this night even Meredith recognized there was something drastically wrong. 

"Please, Kara let me give you a little guidance on using this thing. It will be better for both of us."

"Shut up whore! Do you think I give a fuck about you and what you want? I've seen how they do it in the porn films, bitch!"

"Kara...those films aren't real and those porn stars practice..."

Kara pushed Meredith violently away with enough force that when she hit the wall it stunned her.

The next thing Meredith remembered was screaming as the dildo violated her ass with minimal lubrication. Kara hit her in the eye with a large hairbrush, stunning her again. 

What happened between the time Erin called 911 and the police arrived is only known by Kara and Meredith and neither would say.

Maybe they couldn't. 

It was sufficient for the police to see Meredith lying unconscious belly down in bed, blood coming from her rectum, her vagina and her nose and lips. 

Kara was in a fetal position on the floor in the corner of the room. When the police managed to get her off the floor there was blood on her hands, belly and dildo - all Meredith's.

Two policewomen helped Kara get dressed then they Mirandized her then they cuffed her. 

Kara was frantic. Wild. Still, she wasn't physically hurt. They were taking her to Central Booking. 

She was screaming, kicking and fighting every inch of the way. 

Erin had a neighbor come over to be with the girls who mercifully were sound asleep at the opposite end of the house and missed the ensuing circus. 

She went with Meredith to the hospital. 

In the ER Meredith was sedated and waiting to go to her room. She was being admitted for a couple of days of observation. She had lost a tooth, had a concussion, a broken nose, a huge black eye and vaginal and rectal tearing. 

"Erin..." Meredith could barely talk. 

"I'm right here Mer." Erin took her hand. 

"Erin, what'd they do with Kara? Where is she?"

"She's at Central Booking. I heard from some paramedics that came in a little bit ago that she went off on the cops and they had to hit her with a baton and pepper spray her to get her subdued."

"My God," Meredith croaked out, "Erin, do you have a cell phone on you?"

"Yeah. Is there somebody you want me to call?"

"Mmmm...just dial the number...913-555-8862."

Erin dialed and handed the phone to Meredith.

"Hey, Mrs. Avery, it's your favorite cunt toy...O

"...Yeah, there's been some trouble...it's a very long and complicated story...I need a favor or two...right away...it's very important...."

~~~~~~~~~~

Normally persons in police custody who go berserk get transferred to a state hospital. But after she was booked in she was transferred to a private hospital in the suburbs where she was treated for a slight concussion and skin irritation from pepper spray. Then she was transferred to the locked ward of the psych unit. 

Fiona Avery, one of the founders of the sorority network Meredith belonged to and, a long time criminal attorney facilitated the transfer. In a move that would only survive court scrutiny where Fiona had favors owed, she got Kara to sign a revocable power of attorney naming Meredith as Kara's "attorney-in-fact" giving Meredith power to conduct affairs on Kara's behalf. 

Meredith knew Kara would be worried about losing her children and her job over the ensuing scandal over her breakdown after having what the paper called a "torrid lesbian affair."

She made it clear to the ex-husband that should he so much as call Kara a bad name in a back room poker game, she would know it and make him wish he had never been born. 

Meredith had forged a relationship with the ex-husband's bedmates: his secretary and her lover, the dyke welder. She knew things about the ex's business practices that he was indiscrete enough to let slip as pillow talk and would not bode well legally for him should they become known.

Cynthia Alexa, spyder_mistress, when informed of her husband's jealous duplicity, made him pay privately and also made him give assurances to Meredith that Kara's job was secure. 

Meredith planned on suing the company just as soon as it was clear Kara had no prospects for advancement because of their affair. 

And with Kara's power of attorney Meredith settled with the two police officers that Kara had assaulted. To the male officer she paid for his medical bills and added a little extra for pain and suffering. She bargained a night of pleasure with the female officer who was only roughed up a bit when Kara went off. So there were no felony charges filed against Kara. 

Meredith also used Kara's money to replace the tooth Kara had knocked out when she repeatedly kept slamming Meredith's face against the headboard of the bed while she assaulted her with the dildo. 

Meredith tied all the loose ends up - except the one between her and Kara. Meredith stayed at Kara's house, paid the bills on time and provided supervision and companionship to Erin and got to know the girls. 

Now it was time to see Kara in the hospital. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Meredith showed up at the hospital the picture of a lawyer - which was the bargain she struck with Fiona Avery, that she would join her firm. A blue, two-piece Armani business suit and expensive Italian leather heels, a leather portfolio tucked under her arm. Her hair was pulled conservatively back in a tight bun. 

She was escorted into a conference room on the locked unit. After three weeks Kara was still on "close watch" precautions that meant that they still considered her a potential danger to herself. 

Kara's doctor came in and sat opposite Meredith at the table. 

"How are you Meredith?"

"Fine...a little scared I suppose."

The therapist smiled, "I've heard so much about you."

Meredith smiled nervously, "I'm not sure if that's good or bad."

"Oh, it's quite good. As our sessions went on Kara was tortured by the way she was treating you. She was falling in love with you and she couldn't square her physical love for you with either her morals or the other problem she was having with her divorce.

"Her breakdown started the day she found her husband in bed with those women. Being a "nice girl" and having immersed herself into her family, church and career she didn't know how to cope with her feelings of betrayal and anger so when you popped up on her radar with your, pardon me please, sexually lawless life, she dumped everything on you.

"You were alternately her husband, that she could be angry with, and the women he betrayed her with that she could use and abuse. Transference. 

"Anyway, before I let you see her, I need to know what you're feeling."

"Oh, doc, I love her dearly. If she wants to continue a relationship with me, I'm all for it."

"But she did so much to you. You're okay with that?"

Meredith smiled, "It's a very long and complicated story that I've spent the last 10 years telling to my own therapist. Yes, I'm okay with it all."

The therapist raised her eyebrows, "Well, all right. She's still rather fragile so be gentle. I don't know how this is going to go. I want her case manager in the room when you two talk, okay?"

"Sure."

Kara was escorted into the conference room. She looked gaunt; her expression was blank. She had no makeup on and her hair looked like it hadn't been washed since she was admitted. 

The case manager had to help her to sit. 

Meredith about broke into tears when she saw her. Slowly she reached across the table and took Kara's hand. 

Kara looked up and at Meredith for the first time. 

"Why are you here?" It was barely a whisper. 

"Because I care for you."

"But I tried to kill you I think."

"Yeah...you get the grand prize for the hardest fuck I've ever had. Four days in the hospital and 6 pelvic exams."

"So...?"

"So, uh, doesn't Jesus say to turn the other cheek?"

For the first time some expression came to Kara's face, "How would you know that?"

"Hey, bitch," Meredith tried to lighten the atmosphere a bit, "just because I will allow just about anyone to do anything to me..."

The case manager was shifting uncomfortably in her chair. "...doesn't mean I don't know God. I'm Catholic, more or less.

"Besides, you're such a novice to, jeez, several scenes. You'd never been with a woman before me and thought being a lesbian was a mortal sin and you don't understand the first principle of S&M: it's the submissive who holds the power. 

"I let you do the things you did to me - well except for that one night. If I hadn't wanted you to touch me, you wouldn't have. Believe me. I'm Irish, an attorney and I know lads back in Boston and New York that would do very bad things to you if I felt threatened and didn't like you. You know, Irish Mob."

"You're a lawyer?"

Meredith smiled, "You never read my personnel file, did you?"

Tears started to well in Kara's eyes. She looked down at the table and whispered, "No."

Meredith leaned across the table and gently held up Kara's chin to get eye contact. 

"Kara, it's lonely at your house. Erin's nice company but your bed is awfully empty without you and your girls miss their mama. And," Meredith hesitated only for a second, "I love you. Will you let me be with you; be part of the family?"

Kara broke down completely, sobbing and just repeating "yes."

Meredith got up and took Kara in her arms, smoothing her hair, Kara's face pressed hard to Meredith's breasts. Meredith whispered gently, "I knew from the start you did give a fuck Mrs. Brandon."