 Transference Ch. 02: Meredith Logan

If Kara Brandon was the All American Girl, Meredith Logan was the antithesis. 

Meredith Logan was 42. 

Reared in a strict Irish Catholic household in Boston with an abusive father she took to alcohol, drugs and sex as early as possible.

Meredith Logan was the "plain" looking girl from high school and college. The plain girl who partied, got high and allowed herself to be fucked and used as often as possible by anyone who wanted to do her. 

She had two children, both given up for adoption on court order, and was married for 6 weeks to a black long haul trucker based in Alabama who sexually and psychologically abused her daily to the point of almost casually killing her. 

She was a small woman with a soft body; small, flat breasts with small pink nipples in the center of large pink areolas as if God had intended to give her large, pert breasts and then changed His mind. 

She was pale, her skin almost translucent with pale hazel eyes. 

She also had a bit of a belly that made her look either extraordinarily sexy or like a cheap whore when she wore a clingy "belly dress" - depending on your view of women and culture. It was what Quentin Tarrantino called "a pot," as in "pot belly," in his screen play "Pulp Fiction." 

Her hair was curly, shoulder length, almost permanently tousled and bright red. 

Despite her extracurricular activities with alcohol, drugs and sex, she was an exceptionally intelligent woman. She graduated number three in her high school class and went, on scholarship, to an exclusive women's college in Missouri. 

Her first week of college she learned the liberating freedom of being submissive and loving women. 

She was bound and blindfolded in the basement of a sorority and used almost continually for a week by the chapter's sisters and women from other sororities. 

Meredith excelled so well at pleasing the members of the sorority that for three years she was the sorority's exclusive "toy." 

She not only provided sexual satisfaction to her sisters but twice a year from the last half of her freshman year to the end of her junior year she was the sorority's primary fund raising event. 

Her senior year she was on the select committee to find a "piece of fresh meat" to take her place when she graduated. 

Despite her position and proclivities in the sorority she graduated in the top 10 percent of her class with a double major in psychology and accounting. 

That week in the basement, as well as the next three years of virtual sexual servitude, paid off beyond her wildest expectations. 

The sorority had a secret national network of members, a sort of good old boys network made of women who knew what they wanted and would not be denied. 

Because of her faithful service to the sorority her sisters helped steer her through an MBA and her accountancy boards. 

She would be a member of the network. 

Within the sorority network Meredith was respected for her intellect and skills. In professional settings when a sister asked her professional opinion they were seeking valued advice. 

But outside of professional settings she was one of several dozen submissives in the network that would serve the sexual needs of the other sisters on a moment's notice and absolutely without condition. Such was her enthusiasm, pliancy and loyalty that she had a code name on the network - O, as in the heroine from "The Story of O."

She cherished this role inside the network - she proudly admitted that she was a natural born slut and had "an easy body." Some of the older women in the network, some of the founders of the network, saw being on the submissives list as punishment for indiscretions committed within the network. This was, in fact, how Meredith ended up on the list initially. 

But when given the chance to come off the list, to be a partaker of the services of the submissives (and in the eyes of the some of the elder sisters to be a full member of the network), she declined. And in so doing she set up another rung in the network's social ladder. 

Until the elder sisters either died off or changed their attitudes about the submissives Meredith would never be at the top rung. Instead, to the sisters who were on the top rung and had no such prejudices about the submissives, Meredith was in "mid step" to the top rung.

And the indiscretion that got her on the submissives list? She graduated 10th in her law class at Yale. She was supposed to do this. Then one of the women in the network would bring her into their law firm where she would be groomed as a potential partner, a judge or a politician. 

Instead Meredith committed the cardinal sin - at least in the eyes of the network members who were attorneys, judges and politicians - she became an accountant. 

Meredith rationalized that if her private life was going to be the life of a sexual slave she wanted to be involved in something boring and staid, like accounting.

Meredith Logan NEVER lived to work. She always worked to live - and play.

Lying in bed, belly to belly, lazily trading kisses and caresses in the dark with a friend and fellow submissive in a respite at all weekend retreat for some of the network founders they joked about her "indiscretion."

"Jesus Logan, did you hear Judge Raymond keeping calling you 'filthy accountant' and 'fucking CPA' while she was doing you?"

Meredith smiled in the dark, gave a small laugh and tenderly kissed her bed mate, "Uh huh, but I made the old bitch come like she has never come in her life."

"Oh yeah, Miss Big Ego, how do you know you were her best lay? I think I did a pretty good job for her."

"Yeah, baby, but she didn't give you a $25,000 check and beg you to be her law clerk, did she?"

"$25,000 dollars? Raymond, the living embodiment of the Marquess de Sade, begged you? Are you fucking serious?!"

"Ab-so-fucking-lutely, baby."

"You're going to take it, right?" 

"No way. A) I don't like Washington and B) I think Mistress Judge Raymond would probably wear me out. She's vicious with her strapon, especially when she's pissed off at you for being a 'fucking CPA'."

The two women giggled in the dark.

"Hey, Hackworth, I'll give you 10 G's of my check from Raymond if you'll get me off."

"I'll do it for free Logan if you let me ass fuck you afterwards."

"It's a deal."

Meredith had another "secret" indiscretion that few, outside of a small group of elders and submissives, knew. 

She was truly bi-sexual as opposed to hardcore lesbian. Some of the founders were of the hardcore persuasion and they tended to discriminate against sisters they thought were not entirely devoted to "being in the life." 

But Meredith was the female embodiment of the saying, "An erect penis has no conscience." 

She preferred women simply because she shared their emotional intimacy and intelligence but she loved the feel of a stiff, throbbing cock inside her. Any hole would do.

Yeah, her first and only husband, the black trucker almost killed her but she loved how he was so rough with her. 

She loved the taste of his cock and cum. 

She loved the way his cock banged against her cervix. 

She loved the things he called her. 

She loved it when he would stop at a truck stop and handcuff her in a shower stall for a couple of hours to be used by every trucker, man or woman, who wanted her.

And she loved "normal" sex with men too. 

Man or woman, she luxuriated in the feel of her lovers' skin against hers. 

She loved caressing and kissing her lovers: the texture of their skin, their body hair, their taste and their smell. Cocks or cunts, each were individual feasts of the senses for her. 

She loved to talk and to be talked too while she was making love or being used. It wasn't so much the words, though sometime a "sweet fucking cunt" or "sweet bitch" would excite her. 

It was the tone, the urgency of the voice, the grunts, whispers, moans, screams, begging and pleading; sometimes in total darkness and other times in light - from the light of a bar's toilet stall to the light of a man or woman's office. 

Any man or woman was a feast of the senses for her and she so loved to feast. 

Her fellow submissive and sometime lover Hackworth called the way Meredith became when she was making love or being used as "being in a cocoon of arousal." 

~~~~~~~~~~

The last five years Meredith worked almost anonymously as an accounting project manager in an office two floors below Kara Brandon's. 

She had never met her divisional boss.

And like Kara, she never saw it coming. 

Unlike Kara, she was more physically and psychologically prepared to deal with the "problem."

To be Continued in Transference Ch. 3, Part 2