 Note: This is the tenth installment of an ongoing series.


Chapter 10

Upon her return to the room, Bethany was surprised to see that most of the lights were off, the video games and TV had been turned off, and Xander and Nic were tucked away, already asleep in the bed they had claimed. Apparently all the excitement and the time in the pool had exhausted them and they were ready for a good night's rest before the first game of the tournament the next morning.

Still rattled from Ariana's advances and the nude selfie Ariana had just sent to Jack's phone while Bethany and Jack were talking, Bethany tried to avoid eye contact with Ariana as she grabbed her overnight bag and headed for the bathroom.

"I had the boys get ready for bed and get to sleep," Ariana said, breaking the silence. She smiled warmly at Bethany.

Bethany looked up briefly at Bethany and managed a "Thank you," before entering the bathroom. She had noticed that Ariana was wearing earbuds and wondered if she had grabbed Jack's iPod, too, when she used Bethany's phone to shoot the selfie she sent to Jack. Checking her purse, which was right where she had left it in the bathroom, Bethany found that Ariana had, indeed, borrowed Jack's iPod and was now probably listening to some erotic story or watching one of the sexy videos Jack kept on his iPod. Bethany had borrowed it from Jack in hopes of a little self-pleasuring in the bathroom before bed. Now it appeared that the pleasuring might just come from a different source.

Bethany checked her phone, curious to see if Ariana had sent any additional nude shots of herself to Jack. She only found the one Jack had showed her before he deleted it from his phone. Bethany was once again transfixed by the image, finding herself extremely aroused by the nude image of the sexy 24-year-old who would be sharing her bed. She felt her pussy tingle and moisten a bit as she viewed the lovely young woman's full breasts, hardened nipples, and neatly trimmed black bush. Her heart was racing as she finished getting ready for bed and exited the bathroom.

As she slid into bed beside Ariana, Bethany noticed with some relief that Ariana's eyes were closed and she appeared to be asleep. Switching off the light, the room was now lit by only a sliver of light from where she had left the bathroom door slightly ajar.

Bethany pulled the covers over her and lay on her side, her back facing Ariana. She closed her eyes and tried to relax, but was still very aware of the young woman beside her. Was she asleep? Would she try anything? She doubted she would be able to get a good night's rest given this mix of anxiety and arousal that had permeated her, body and mind.

It was then that she noticed a slight but persistent motion behind her. She knew from her own experience exactly what was happening and she felt her nipples harden and her pussy tingle at the realization that, just as in the hot tub, Ariana was once again masturbating right next to her. The soft moan Ariana let out only confirmed what she already knew. She could feel the warmth emanating from Ariana on her back and felt the bed shake slightly as Ariana grew nearer to her release.

Bethany listened as Ariana tried to keep her breathing even as she continued to thrash below the covers. Bethany was so aroused, she thought of sliding her hand into her shorts to find some pleasure of her own. Before she could manage it, Ariana's elbow bumped her in the back as she was apparently reaching to fondle one of her own breasts. The motion pushed Bethany forward so she was now on her belly, but still with her face turned away from Ariana.

Unable to contain her curiosity, Bethany managed to turn her head in Ariana's direction just as Ariana's hips lifted off the mattress and she spasmed with orgasm. Ariana continued to thrust her fingers inside her dripping pussy, so wet that Bethany could easily hear the familiar sound. The intoxicating scent of her sex filled the air.

As Ariana came down from her orgasm, she lowered her firm bottom back to the mattress and turned on her side, her face was now just inches from Bethany's. With what little light there was in the room, Bethany could see that Ariana had pulled her nightshirt all the way up so both of her full, firm breasts were exposed, almost touching Bethany's side. The two women locked eyes as Ariana struggled to catch her breath. Bethany noticed that Ariana was still wearing earbuds and guessed that she must have been listening to one of Jack's erotic audio stories; the same stories that Bethany herself had been listening to during the drive up. Bethany wondered which specific story had gotten her off.

Pulling the earbuds off with one swift move, Ariana tossed them aside before letting her hand fall onto Bethany's firm bottom. Bethany initially flinched at the shock of the sudden touch, then relaxed, succumbing to the pleasure as Ariana gently caressed her ass. Ariana then slid her hand up to Bethany's lovely face, then leaned forward to place a warm, wet kiss on Bethany's lips. Ariana's tongue immediately darted into Bethany's mouth, seeking out Bethany's own hot tongue.

Surrendering to this erotic overload, Bethany's body gave in, willingly. She turned on her side and pulled her body tight to Ariana's. Their tongues danced as their breasts mashed together and their legs wove themselves into an intimate embrace. Their bodies separated only by Bethany's t-shirt and shorts, they writhed together in quiet bliss, careful not to wake the boys.

Bethany's mind was flooded with conflicting images. She thought of Ariana masturbating in front of her and Jack in the hot tub. Then she imagined Ariana sliding her tight pussy down on Jack's thick cock, followed by an image of Ariana going down on her as Jack fucked Ariana from behind. Each vision sparked her arousal to higher and higher levels. As she and Ariana continued to grind together, the physical pleasure she was feeling outweighed any doubts she had about being with Ariana. She focused and let her body react and revel in the intimacy she was feeling right at that moment.

Ariana, relieved that she had not been rebuffed by this gorgeous woman she had been lusting after for years, was urged on by Bethany's reaction. She tugged at Bethany's shirt, quickly pulling it up and over Bethany's head to expose her firm tits. She kissed them, swirling her tongue around each nipple before suckling and flicking them. Bethany's breasts were smaller than her own, but firm without a hint of sag, and Ariana's pussy tingled as she tasted them, lingering there before kissing up Bethany's neck and throat and resuming their passionate kissing.

Bethany ran a hand up and down Ariana's silky smooth skin, delighting in the warmth and softness. This was different than being with a man and she embraced each nuance, eager to experience more and more. She cupped Ariana's firm ass, pulling it into her, grinding her hips into her in a futile attempt to bring Ariana's body in contact with her pussy.

Sensing her need, Ariana thrust a hand inside Bethany's shorts, and fingered Bethany's very wet pussy. She circled Bethany's clit as Bethany thrust herself hard against Ariana's hand. Bethany then raised her hips, signaling Ariana to slide her shorts down her legs and off. Ariana hesitated under the covers as she slipped Bethany's shorts from around her feet. She wanted so badly to taste Bethany's dripping cunt but realized that they needed have some restraint or they would wake the boys.

Bethany spread her legs wide, eager to feel Ariana's lips and tongue on her engorged clit. She quietly sighed in frustration as Ariana rose back up instead of going down on her. Ariana quickly remedied the situation by thrusting two fingers deep inside Bethany's welcoming pussy. Bethany restrained a cry of pleasure as Ariana manipulated her, thrusting her fingers in and out while using her thumb to massage Bethany's clit.

Bethany was quickly reaching the threshold to an intense orgasm. She was drenching Ariana's fingers and hand and struggled to keep quiet as utter satisfaction welled up inside her. Raising her hips off the bed, she wriggled her pussy against Ariana's determined fingers until she came with a gushing orgasm, squirting her slick fluid onto Ariana's hand and drenching the sheets. She rode wave after wave of exquisite pleasure until all the energy was released from her body and all she could do was collapse back to the bed.

Ariana quickly climbed on top of Bethany's spent body, nuzzling her own body between Bethany's spread legs as she kissed her way up from Bethany's belly to her breasts to her neck and finally a deep, lingering kiss on Bethany's full lips. Bethany was astonished by this, recalling how Jack had followed almost the same pattern each time they finished making love.

They snuggled like that for several minutes, kissing softly and gently caressing each other. As Bethany's breathing returned to normal, Ariana laid her head comfortably across Bethany's chest. Bethany soon sensed a gentle pattern to the younger woman's breathing and realized she had fallen asleep in this intimate embrace.

Bethany held still, enjoying the feel of this sexy young women lying naked across her body. She could feel the smooth, soft skin and fullness of Ariana's breasts near her wet pussy and sensitive clit. Bethany's nipples were still erect with the sensation of Ariana's gentle breathing playing across her chest. Soon, she drifted off into a surreal, satisfied slumber. When she woke later, Ariana was still sound asleep, erasing any doubt that this had been a dream.

Realizing that they both needed to get their night clothes back on and appear as normal as possible, Bethany gently woke Ariana. Ariana looked up at Bethany with a loving look in her eyes and an easy smile on her face. She moved up to kiss Bethany softly, then gently grabbed her hand, urging her to quietly get out of bed.

Bethany watched Ariana's exquisite ass as they gently padded to the open bathroom door. Ariana turned and placed a finger over her lips to say "Shhhh" as they entered the bathroom. Bethany followed the younger woman and watched as she closed and locked the door behind them.

Ariana pulled Bethany's nude body tight to her own, nuzzling a thigh between her legs as she placed a long, wet, probing kiss on Bethany's welcoming lips.

"I've wanted this for so long," Ariana confided. "I can't believe it's actually happening," she sighed as she kissed Bethany again.

"I had no idea," Bethany replied. "You're so beautiful, Ariana. I never thought I'd want to be with another woman," she admitted, "but you're so sexy, so soft." She kissed her deeply, holding her in a loving embrace.

Ariana broke the embrace and slid to her knees, nuzzling her face between Bethany's smooth legs. Her tongue darted playfully between Bethany's bare pussy lips, tasting her juices, before she licked Bethany's sensitive clit, swirling her tongue around it before sucking it between her lips and flicking it over and over with her tongue.

Bethany was overwhelmed with the pleasurable sensations and massaged her tits with one hand as she held Ariana's head between her legs. Ariana continued to lick and suck Bethany's clit before licking the length of her labia, then pistoning her tongue in and out of Bethany's wet cunt. Bethany's juices were flowing freely now and Ariana lapped them up as she brought Bethany to the edge of orgasm.

Reaching to brace herself on the vanity, Bethany rocked with a flood of pleasure that washed over her in wave after wave. She stifled a scream as she rode Ariana's tongue and lips and gushed more liquid, covering Ariana's face and tits. Ariana held on, tightly gripping Bethany's firm ass, struggling to maintain contact as Bethany's hips bucked and she ground her pussy into Ariana's face.

Legs trembling, Bethany slumped to the floor and kissed Ariana's wet face, tasting her own juices. She bent forward to take a nipple in her mouth and suckled it as she reached between Ariana's legs. Ariana's pussy was dripping with anticipation and her clit protruded from its hood. 

Bethany gently laid Ariana down on the bathroom floor and spread her legs. She paused to take in the incredible vision of beauty before her. Ariana's lovely green eyes shone bright with lust as she looked back at the stunning blonde beauty. She looked into Bethany's dazzling blue eyes and squirmed with pleasure as Bethany lowered her mouth to suckle Ariana's firm tits. She took a nipple in her mouth, biting it gently then sucking it hard.

Bethany continued to kiss Ariana's breasts while she reach down and slid one, then two fingers into the younger woman's hot, tight pussy. Kissing her way down to Ariana's soft black curls, Bethany sighed as she prepared to eat her very first pussy.

Tentative at first, she gazed up at Ariana but found that her eyes were closed, lost in the pleasure of the moment. Bethany dipped her head lower and began licking from the bottom of Ariana's pussy lips, slowing wriggling her tongue upward until she grasped Ariana's swollen clit between her lips.

Ariana spasmed at the intense pleasure. Spreading her legs wider, she felt Bethany's firm shoulders press against her legs as she buried her face into Ariana's cunt. Bethany ate Ariana with wild abandon, a ravenous feeling of lust gripping her whole being. She couldn't believe how much she loved eating pussy! It was wonderful. She loved the taste, the scent, the feel. But even more, she delighted in the obvious pleasure she was giving Ariana.

The younger woman writhed in utter bliss under the spell of her virgin pussy lover. She massaged her tits as she ground her cunt into Bethany's staccato tongue twirls and jabs. She raised her hips off the floor as Bethany sunk her tongue into her pussy, fucking it relentlessly as she held Ariana's tight ass in her hands. Ariana's juices were flowing freely, mixed with Bethany's saliva, and Bethany's face was shiny as the juices dripped from her chin.

Replacing her tongue with her fingers, Bethany thrust in and out of Ariana's cunt as she focused her attention on Ariana's clit. Flicking it relentlessly, she sensed Ariana was near her release. She sucked it hard, almost like she would suck Jack's cock just as he was about to cum. Ariana raised her hips once again and bucked urgently against Bethany's ravenous mouth and tongue. She came with a fury, holding her own ass in her hands so she could ride out Bethany's oral assault. Careful not to make too much noise, Ariana whimpered as each wave of orgasm pulsed through her. Finally spent, she lowered her bottom to the floor and ran her fingers through Bethany's silky blonde hair. Bethany's face was still nuzzled between Ariana's slick thighs, and she glanced up at sated young women, locking eyes while she savored the flavor of their lovemaking.

Ariana smiled a warm, loving smile and urged Bethany to come forward. Bethany gave Ariana's pussy one last lingering lick before teasing her clit with a few more flicks of the tongue. She kissed her way up Ariana's flat belly to her full, firm breasts, still rising and falling as the young woman struggled to regain her breath. Bethany placed a kiss on each erect nipple before kissing her way up Ariana's neck and kissing her passionately, tongues tangling in rapturous delight.

They held each other close for several minutes, neither wanting to let go. Finally, though, they knew they would have to get back to bed. They rose from the floor, embracing once again, then held hands as they quietly opened the door and made their way back to the comfort of their bed.

They each found their clothes and slipped them on before settling in. Bethany once again turned on her side, facing away from Ariana. This time, Ariana snuggled up tight to Bethany, spooning her with one hand resting against the curve at the base of her breast. She nuzzled her face into the back of Bethany's neck, sending tingles along Bethany's spine before they both drifted off to a very contented sleep.