 We were at a cafe in Paris. Paris, TX. 

She was wearing a vibrant yellow sundress as if she were in the original Paris. I was in light faded denim cut off shorts and a white thick strapped tank top. It was a million degrees. Any temperature in three digits might as well be a million. Not too hot for humans to live, but it feels like it when the sun starts baking you like a roast. 

She was gorgeous. Long, wavy blonde hair, big blue eyes, a small aquiline nose. Modest bust secured beneath the front of her sun dress, accented by a long necklace that glittered in the light. Tiny waist, tiny wrists, tiny ankles - in those strappy yellow heels. She looked like a boarding school girl. She had an equestrian's figure. 

I was, alright I suppose. Nobody's perfect fit into a mold. I am five foot five, lanky. I have somewhat androgynous features. I have brown eyes, and brown hair which I prefer to keep short. Not Sigourney Weaver in Alien short, but Demi Moore in Indecent Proposal short. In fact, if you have to compare me with someone... she's probably my closest celebrity likeness. 

The coffee, iced of course, was cheap. We sat inside, tucked away in a quiet corner. She sat in her chair with one leg curled beneath her. We talked nervously at first, about the weather, our jobs, what kind of music we enjoyed. All of the first date bases covered. 

We agreed, it was hot. I was a CAD monkey at an engineering firm - interning, she was interning for the local governor - about to be working for the senator. She enjoyed alternative rock, I preferred more electronic. 

"Does your family know?" She asked abruptly. 

Does my family know I'm a lesbian. "Yes. Does yours?" 

"Well, not really... I've never been with a girl." She had the grace to blush. It was a very pretty blush, lighting her cheeks in pink. 

I reached across the table and caught her fingers in mine playfully. 

"Let's take a walk." 

Since we had prepaid for our coffees like good Americans, we tossed our cups and left the cafe. We walked out into the blistering Texas heat. 

I took her hand as we walked. 

"So, why do you think you might be a lesbian?" I teased. 

She blushed again and looked right at me with those deep blue eyes. "Because I'd really like you to kiss me."

Since I was taller than her, I leaned down to meet her lips. They were soft and full. I wrapped my arms around her waist. When I broke away she looked a bit stunned. We continued walking. 

"What was the result of that test of your hypothesis?" 

"Definite signs of lesbianism." She grinned. 

We turned a corner and I pointed at an apartment building up ahead. "That's my place... I have air conditioning..."

"I think you're trying to tempt me." She bit her perfect lower lip when she said it. "Okay, but only because I really have to use the bathroom."

I laughed and opened the front door to my building, gesturing for her to enter. 

She hurried to the bathroom at the end of the hall. I dimmed the light and closed the curtains, trying to achieve some semblance of intimacy. The air conditioning was blessedly cool. I went to the small apartment kitchen and grabbed two beers from the fridge. 

When she came out into the cool dusk of my living room I had a pear bear waiting for her. I thought she might appreciate it's sweeteness. She sat on the couch and I leaned on the far arm. 

"This is good." She said, lifting the beer.

"Thanks."

I nodded and sipped my own beer, enjoying the cool and the quiet and the beautiful company. 

"So..." her body turned to face me and she focused those gorgeous eyes on me. "What do you usually do after you lure girls home with promises of air conditioning?" 

I slipped off the side of the couch and sat down next to her. She pulled her knees up and faced me, her back to the arm. Her hands were twisting together on her knees. I took one and brought it to my mouth, running her index finger over my lips. 

"Girls who aren't sure if they are lesbians?" I nipped at the end of her finger, running my tongue over the pad. 

"Yes." Her eyes were on me, direct and clear. She was enjoying, but she was also studying. She was trying to make a detached assessment. 

"Let's see. We decided that kissing was a positive indicator." I leaned sideways and kissed her softly, briefly, barely touching her. Her whole body stiffened. I moved away. 

"What else makes you think you are a lesbian?" I began to nibble and suck at her fingertips again. 

She drew a long, rattled breath. "I want to feel what you're doing to my fingers on my nipples. 

The way she said it made my nipples hard, as though I could feel her sweet lips fumbling against them the way newbies always did. 

I stood and motioned for her to stand in front of me, I spun her away so her back was toward me. I suckled the smooth skin of her neck as I slipped down the zipper of her sundress and let it fall to the floor. 

I reached around her and cupped her heavy breasts, rubbing my palms over her achingly hard nipples. She was wearing cotton panties and she rubbed her backside against me as if I had a cock to rub against. 

I pinched a nipple between to fingers and squeezed until she gasped. Then I slid my free hand down over her covered sex and felt the dampness of the material there. I withdrew and sat back down on the bed. I motioned for her to sit in my lap, facing me. She obliged and her tits were gorgeous and right on my face. The toned line of her stomach rippled as I suckled and nipped and licked her nipples and she groaned in pleasure. 

I moved her off of my lap and into her original position. 

"And? How was that test?" 

"Positive." She said softly. 

"Any other desires?" 

She blushed and I knew her mind was on the wetness I'd felt on her panties. 

"Some advice, everyone wants to be pleasured. Being a lesbian is also wanting to please. Do you want to please me?"

I was enjoying this game. From the way she shot up and nodded, I could tell she was too. She was on my mouth suddenly, kissing and licking and sucking my lower lip, desperately tugging off my tee shirt to reveal my modest uncovered a cups. 

The way she licked and sucked and worshipped them, they felt like the most desired tits in the world. She forced the button of my jean shorts open and shoved them down over my hips, taking my panties with them. Turning us sideways she stopped and gazed uncertainly down at my nearly-bald pussy. 

"What's wrong?"

She blushed. It was adorable. "I don't know what to do..."

I took her hand and guided it down to my pussy, rubbing her fingers lightly along my outer labia. 

"It's just like yours." 

I continued to move her hand, dipping her finger into my wet opening to moisten my inner labia. She moved to watch and it made me gush. She pushed a finger inside me, on her own, her eyes wide as she moved it within me. Slipping in a second finger, she curled up until she found my g-spot and began to lightly rub it - back and forth. 

I closed my eyes for a second and felt her hot tongue dart out and touch my clit. I throbbed and moaned. Emboldened, she began to lap my clit with her tongue like a kitten as she milked my g-spot with talented fingers. I moaned and bucked and slipped my fingers into her hair to hold her face close. 

I came hard and gushed out all over her mouth, but she took it in stride. She began to lick my sensitive lips softly, cleaning me. She even licked her fingers clean. 

I grabbed her hand and pulled her up so she was kneeling around my stomach. Yanking at her panties, I indicated she should remove them and she tugged them off. I pulled her pussy onto my face by her hips and began to feast. 

She tasted so sweet, I wanted to be there forever, feeling her tight body squirm as she rode my lips and tongue. She came so quick that new girl, and then she came again, and by the time I finished thrusting my tongue into her opening she'd cum a third time. 

When she laid down next to me she was punch-drunk and sleepy. 

"I think you may be a lesbian after all."

"I think so."