 I found myself in a strange city 2000 miles away from home. I am a travel nurse, doing my part to offset the nursing shortage in California. The job pays very well and living in a city like San Francisco only blocks from Fisherman’s Wharf makes every day off a vacation. There is a downside to this lifestyle. Coming into the 5th week of a “4 week” contract, working 12 hour shifts 5 days a week, was taking its toll on me. Moreover, I missed my husband. 

Sure cell phones with “free long distance” and the internet and web cams helped us keep in touch. But in some ways it made things worse. The three hour time difference between the west coast and Columbia, SC, greatly decreased the amount of time we could talk. We had tried “phone sex” and “cyber sex.” But I missed our bi-weekly hour long love making sessions we had had for the past 7 years. 

I like sex, but I only “need it” a couple times a week. My husband would like it every day, but contrary to popular belief, not all nurses are super-sexed nymphomaniacs. But when I say I “need sex” I really “need sex.” I was a bit overdue and the phone sex and cyber sex were only making things worse.

When I had left for San Francisco, I promised my husband that he had nothing to worry about. I meant it. I am old fashioned and I fully intended to keep my marriage vows. My husband was not helping things. He had told me before I left that he understood that women have needs too and that if I saw somebody that turned me on, I could “go for it.” As long as I told him about it when I got home.

In fact, part of me believed that this whole “hey honey look at this great money making opportunity” was a scam to open the door to the “swinging” lifestyle that his “seven year itch” was pulling him towards, a lifestyle that I did not understand and frankly was not attractive to me. This time, when the phone rang and my husband started in with the whole “your in the most exciting city in America, go out and have some fun” response to my complaints. I said “fine, I’ll go out, but don’t complain when you get what you are asking for.” With that I turned on the web cam so he would see me start getting ready. I put on my make-up, primped up my hair, and put on my clothes, minus my panties.

I did all this, not because I wanted to fuck anybody, but to hopefully give my hubbie a dose of fear, to shock him into realizing that he was playing with fire. Sure he talked a big game, but I knew that the old green jealousy monster would be setting on his shoulder, gnawing at his ego, driving him nuts with anticipation that maybe his “good girl, had in fact gone bad.” Maybe I would still be as horney in the morning, but maybe he would cut back on the pressure that was making being apart even harder on me. 

It was now 10:30 PM, which meant that I had about 90 minutes until my roommate returned to the room. She worked days and I worked nights, so I really did not mind having to share a room. The few times that our paths had crossed on her days off while I was sleeping, she had made it a point to be out of the room so I could sleep. I figured that I could go down to the lounge and have a couple drinks before she got back.

I terminated the video session and once again called my husband. It was 1:30 AM eastern time. So even with only being out for a short while, hubbie would not be getting to sleep until 3:30 or 4:00 wondering, if not fanaticizing about what I was doing! I told him not to worry, hung up and headed out the door and down the elevator to the lounge.

As I entered the lounge, I was surprised at the number of people at the booths and the bar. Scanning the room, I quickly recognized a couple of travel nurses sitting on bar stools. I was relieved as I walked over to them. We chatted for a while, one drink turned into two. I was starting to feel the buzz as two men at a booth started to flirt “long distance” with me and the other 3 nurses at the bar. Soon half of the quartet excused themselves and not wanting to abandon the remaining gal at the bar, I stayed. 

Before long, we found ourselves with one man on either side offering to buy us a drink. We chatted as the time slipped away. It turned out that both men were married and in town for some kind of sales convention. The man sitting next to my new friend had an early flight out the next morning and a guilty conscious, so before long he excused himself. Now it was the three of us, and before long, the other nurse mouthed the words that I honestly had not wanted to hear “I’ve got to work in the morning” she said as she stood and excused herself. 

I could not believe my eyes and ears! I had stayed, so she would not be thrown to the proverbial “wolves.” Now, she was cutting out on me! My heart raced as I looked at my watch and noticed the time. It was nearly 1 AM. Unlike Cinderella at the ball, I had missed the midnight coach. I was at the mercy of a “prince” who was more like a horny toad. While the younger man had had a conscious, this man was of the other ilk, he was as eager to get laid as I was to remain true to my husband.

Just as all hope for maintaining my fidelity was fading, and the very real possibility of being another “date rape” statistic was looming on the horizon, I heard a somewhat familiar voice. “Hey roomie!” It was Nancy, the other travel nurse “I wondered if you might be down here.” She smiled sweetly. 

I introduced her to Tom, and we soon escaped to the bathroom where I thanked her, she informed me that my husband had called, and I gave a “report” on the situation, all in a matter of three minutes. Nancy was single, had no time for married men who would cheat on their wife and lots of experience in the dating scene. “Follow my lead” she said as she winked and turned. I trailed behind her like a lost dog. 

She soon manipulated him into inviting us to his room. I’m sure that visions of having sex with two women at once were dancing in his head. Nancy was a master at the art of flirting, of saying things that could mean whatever the other person wanted to hear. He closed the door to his room. Nancy unbuttoned a couple of her shirt buttons. A few winks and nods had him shirtless and an invitation to take a shower had him naked.

Being an ICU nurse, I had seen more than my share of naked men. But my husband had been the only man I had fucked and one of the few I had seen naked in a sexual way. My husband is an “average” guy and that extends to nearly every aspect of his being, including his 6” penis. I’m sure I must have let out an audible gasp as I caught a glimpse of what must have been, while semi erect a 10” piece of man meat. I was not sure if it was the booze or the pressure of my husband, but for what seemed like an hour, but must have been only a matter of seconds, I had serious thoughts of an evening of wild abandon. A fire flashed from my brain to my pussy.

John headed for the shower and when Nancy heard him say “you all can come in the water is great.” She stood up, pulled me buy the hand and rushed me out the door, into the hallway and we ran like school-girls, giggling, to the elevators. 

Once inside the elevator, as the door slid closed, I blurted out “did you see the size of that thing?”

“What thing?” Nancy said with a wry smile.

“What thing? What thing? Oh my god, in 8 years of nursing I have never seen one that big!” I said refusing to utter the word, “cock, dick or even penis” lest invoking the words would transport me back to the room and into the arms of another man.

“Aw, that was nothing” Nancy said “You should see my boyfriend!” She continued “Doesn’t your husband have a big cock?” 

“Big enough, but nothing like that monster.” I said, sort of honestly. With that the bell rang and the door slid open. Our room was on the 3rd floor, we had gone from the man’s room on the second, to the 4th, just to make sure that he had not followed us to the elevator and watched the lights to reveal our floor. We switched elevators and returned to the third, by the time we had reached our room, my pulse was racing, my heart was pounding, and I was on edge. 

“Thanks for coming to my rescue” then after a short pause I continued “I think!”

“Must be hard to be married” Nancy mused. 

“Up until tonight, it’s not been” I laughed, half kidding, half wishing that somehow I had taken advantage of the “Free pass” my husband had given me.

“Let’s get ready for bed.” Nancy suggested.

“Oh, I’m sorry, you must be beat” I replied.

As I said before, up until tonight, our paths had crossed only a few times. But neither of us had to work the next day. I walked into the bathroom, turned on the water and got undressed. I had just stepped into the shower, when once again, I heard Nancy’s voice. “I have to pee.” She said. 

I had peed less than 30 minutes before when we were exchanging notes in the lounge’s lady’s room. “Come in” I yelled over the water. The water cascaded down my back and I was lost in a world of wonderment only to be brought back to reality once again by Nancy’s voice. 

“Need somebody to wash your hair?” I looked through the glass door too see the blurry naked body of my newest “best friend.” She is somewhat taller than I am, standing a slender 5”8” to my 5”6.” My breasts are a modest “B” cup, and my hair is brown. 

“That would be nice” I confessed. The door slid open revealing that her breasts were as large as they looked through her sweater and they were real. She was a large “C” cup. Her body was toned and tan. Her nipples were large and long, thicker than a pencil. Her areolas were still pink. And what I had heard my husband call “puffies.” Her pussy was neatly trimmed into a thin wisp of hair running from her panty line to the top of her slit. 

I turned to face the water. It was pouring onto my breasts, as I felt her hands massage the shampoo into my hair. She took her time and once again, my mind raced back to the glimpse of the massive cock I had seen only moments ago. I felt an urge to jump out of the shower, grab my robe and race back to his room and beg him to fuck me. My eyes tightly closed so as to prevent the shampoo from running into my eyes. 

“Rinse” Nancy commanded and once again I was shocked back into reality. I turned, now facing Nancy, backed up, tilted my head and allowed the shower to flush the suds from my flowing locks. “Now the conditioner,” Again I responded by turning my back to her and moving back a step. She applied the conditioner to my hair. “Let me wash your back.” I nodded and a moment latter, her lathered hands were massaging my back, my shoulders, and my sides. Her fingers would move close to breast tissue on the side, and always stop short. 

The liquor, the naked man, the sex talk from my husband with only my fingers to satisfy my carnal urges, had brought me to the point that I could no longer contain my lusts. I felt like crying. I felt like turning around and forcing her hands to my crotch. But I stood there and moaned. 

I said that before I was married, I had never been with another man. That is true, but what I had not said, and is just as true is that while in college, I had fooled around with a few girls. Nothing major, I had kissed a few. One had even gone down on me, but mostly just cuddling and “spooning” to still the need for human contact and preserve my virginity. I never considered myself to be a lesbian or even bisexual. It was cocks that turn me on, but every girl has her breaking point, and I was fast approaching mine.

“Now rinse and you do me.” Nancy once again took control. I obeyed and resisted the urge to raise the stakes by washing her breast and near hairless pussy. The shower ended with me being hornier than before, 

It was now close to 2 AM. Nancy left the room before I and I entered the room to see the message light flashing in the dim room. My husband must have called again. “You can call him in the morning” Nancy said. She was in bed with the blanket turned down. My bed was closest to the window and farthest away from the bathroom. She patted the bare side of the sheet and smiled. “I have something to show you.” She said. 

As I sat down, she reached under the covers and pulled out two vibrators. One the size of my husband, the other the size of the man I had been lusting after. I had heard nurses talking about using vibrators during down time at the nurses’ station in the middle of the night. But I had never seen one, much less considered using one. My eyes widened as I analyzed the larger sex toy. I had been wondering what his cock would have done to my pussy, and here was an opportunity to find out and still remain true to my husband.

“Are you as horney as I am?” Nancy whispered.

I was horney. I was drunk. I was tired. I was curious, and my pussy was on fire. I pulled my legs up onto the bed and under the covers. Nancy was on her side. I looked at her eyes and then her lips. It has been a long time since I had felt the tender kiss of a woman. She took my cue and moved to meet my lips. 

She had full “pouty” lips. They were soft. They were warm. She kissed me once lightly, and then again. On the third pass, I opened my lips and let her tongue into my mouth and sucked on it as she darted around exploring my teeth and inner cheek. I could not stand the pressure any longer. In my mind it was like my senior year in college when my roommate and I held each other after a night of petting with our boyfriends, eager to both fulfill our passions and retain our hymens. 

I reached for her breasts. My fingers parted as my hand slid up so that her large nipple was between my digits. I squeezed gently on her firm breasts. She continued to kiss me as I massaged her right breast as she lay on her left side. I needed more. It had been forever since I had been with anybody other than my husband. I had committed to not fucking anybody else, but this was something that I hand not even considered would ever happen again. My mind whirled, I was being sucked into my passions and my thoughts slipped away as the feelings overwhelmed me. 

My pussy was so wet, I could not stand it. As Nancy pulled away, I heard myself ask “can I borrow it?” She reached down and held up the smaller of the two plastic penises. “No, please, can I try the other one?” The words flowed out without passing through my mind. 

She smiled and passed me the toy. I moved it to my waiting pussy. I pushed it between my legs. As it stretched my lips and the head entered, I moaned. “Twist the end” Nancy said. I couldn’t respond. I just moaned. “You have to turn it on.” She said as she reached down between my thighs and with a quick twist of her wrist she activated the device. 

I shook as I exploded into a full body orgasm. I pushed the dildo as far in as it would go, and cried out as I came again, “Oh god, oh god.” My body quivered, my hips were trusting, my bottom lifted off the bed, my shoulders tilted back. As I moved the toy in and out of my pussy, I came and came again. I pulled it out and shuddered. 

Nancy was now on top of me, her mound pressing on mine. Her breasts on mine, her mouth on mine, we kissed. I came again and again. I have no idea how long we made out. At some point Nancy rolled off me. The last thing I remember was hearing her breathing deepen as she used the smaller vibrator as I lay next to her on my side with my hands on her breasts. 

The next thing I new it was morning. I woke with her arm over my chest. I lay there for a while. The phone rang at about 9:00 AM. Nancy rolled over and answered it. “It’s for you.” She smiled.

“Hello honey” my husband said “didn’t you get my message?” 

“Honestly, it was so late when we got back last night that I didn’t want to wake you.” I said honestly.

“So, did you meet any guys last night?” He prodded.

“Just one, but he was a jerk.” I answered.

“So did you fuck the jerk?” He said, taunting me.

“No, did you really want me too?” I said with “that tone” in my voice.

“Oh, honey, don’t be like that!” He chided. 

“Look, it’s early here, we didn’t get back until late, and I’m tired, I’m sorry.” I said.

“SO what did you do?” He quizzed, not getting the not to subtle hint.

“Just girl stuff” I said.

“Oh” I could hear the disappointed tone in his voice. “I’ll let you go, call me later when you are up to talking.” He said “I love you.”

“I love you too” I said was I hung up.

“We’re up now” Nancy said “Are you ok?” 

“Well, I’m a little sore, other than that I’m fine.” I said honestly

“Do you want to get some breakfast?” The hotel offered a free hot breakfast bar, that was not the best food, but suitable and much cheaper than a breakfast at one of the tourist traps. 

“Sure, I have to keep my strength up after all the energy I expended last night” I laughed. We pulled on sweat pants and put our hair up. When we got to the hotel lobby and started through line, Nancy poked me in the ribs. “There’s our buddy.” She said nodding.

John was sitting at a table with his friend from the night before. His eyes fixed on us and then turned away. I’m sure that had he been younger or not with his friend he would have had some choice words for us. But under the circumstances, confronting us would betray him to his friend. I noticed him pointing at us and smiling. Not doubt he was settling for telling a story which involved a night long three-way with us. 

We took our plates back to the room. The rest of the day was spent sight seeing in San Francisco. I took a nap from 5 PM to 10 PM before going to work. This time we kissed, cuddled and masturbated with our fingers, before falling asleep in each others arms. The rest of the week we communicated by notes and brief phone calls as we returned to our alternating shifts.

Since then we have traveled to Vegas, New Orleans, and Denver. Nancy and I no longer work alternating shifts. When I return home I enjoy fucking my husband. He insists on quizzing me about fucking other guys. He comments on how I am able to go “without sex” for 4 weeks at a time. I say it’s hard but it is a sacrifice I am willing to make. After a week at home, it’s off to another city.

I love my husband. I love my work. I love my buddy. Sometimes we replay our first pick with other married men. Sometimes we just spend quite evenings together. I have found a lifestyle that works for me. My husband has all the time he needs to build his law practice. I know that someday things will change. I will settle down and stay at home. Perhaps Nancy will want to move to South Carolina, who knows, I’m willing to live one day at a time.