 Marsha rang up my purchases, which only totaled $350.00. I'd have a hundred and a half left to pick up a couple more things. As she handed me the change I said, "What are you doing tonight after closing Marsha?" 

"I have to go home and check on my hubby, but other than that I didn't have any plans." Marsha said. 

All evening I had been toying with the idea of inviting her to my place for drinks and maybe more, remembering how exciting it had been when she and I played together for Peter. 

"Would you like to stop by my place later for a drink Marsha?" I asked. 

"I'd love to Gen, but it might be a little late." She said. 

I replied, "That's okay I hun, I'll be chatting with Bill online this evening, and I don't have an early class tomorrow." 

"Great Gen, I could be there around eleven or so." Marsha said. 

"That'll work perfectly." I said. 

Marsha came around from behind the counter and gave me a hug, while we embraced she whispered in my ear, "Should I bring my bag of sex toys baby?" 

I grinned and nodded my approval saying, "I'll see you later then Marsha." 

"For sure baby." She replied. 

One the way out of the mall I stopped to see if I could find a pair of feather trimmed heels like Marsha had suggested for the long white gown. The store I tried didn't carry that type, but instead I opted for a pair of white satin heels with a very sexy ankle strap. I bought a pair in black also just for good measure. 

After hanging my new lingerie in my closet and putting the other things in my drawer I changed into a comfortable nighty brushed out my hair and sat down at my computer. Bill had told me that the messenger service he used worked really well and that it had the capability of file sharing and linking two chatters together so they could surf the web at the same time. I typed in the sights address and in a few minutes I'd downloaded the program installed it and set myself up with the user name Storygirl39. I clicked on find a new friend. I typed in Novelist47 and hit enter. The program said it sent a request to Novelist47 to accept me as a new contact but that the request would not be delivered until Novelist47 logged on the next time. Keeping the program running I surfed a few of my favorite internet sites waiting for Bill to log on. About 20 minutes later Bill logged on, an instant message box opened with a message from Novelist47. "Do I know you?" his first message asked. 

I replied, "Yes Bill its Gen." 

"All right glad to see you Storygirl." He typed. A moment later I got a message that my offer to add Novelist47 as a contact had been accepted. I click on the YES button when Bills request to add me popped up. Now his name showed in my list of contacts with a small Icon next to it indicating Novelist47 was online. 

The messenger service worked really well, and the first thing I did was thank Bill for the beautiful letter he'd written me Monday evening He could hardly believe it was the first love letter I'd ever received. 

He said, "Hope you enjoy going shopping baby." 

I typed, "Bill I already went shopping earlier this evening." 

"You did, so tell me what you bought Gen." his message said 

"In detail!" he added with a cute little devil smiley face at the end of the message. 

I described the teal colored lace teddy that I'd bought to replace the chemise he'd torn off me Sunday morning, and the lace bras and silk stockings. But I didn't mention the white bridal gown or the French maid costume wanting both to be surprises for him. 

"So you must still have a lot of the cash I sent left Gen." He said. 

I told a little white lie and said, "I have a lot of it left for when we go shopping together baby." 

We talked about all kinds of things that first night we chatted online. Time flew by and before I knew it we'd been logged on together for almost two hours. I quickly discovered that we had a lot more in common than enjoying fabulous sex together. I began getting a very nice connected feeling about Bill and me. 

Before we logged off Bill said that Tess had a meeting scheduled for Friday afternoon, and that if it ran long she might stay over and drive home Saturday morning. 

I asked, "Does that mean there's a possibility we could spend Friday night together." 

"I'm hoping that's exactly what it means Gen." He replied. 

"But I won't know until late Friday afternoon." Bill added. 

I said, "Well I'm not going to make any plans then." 

"Thanks baby I appreciate you keeping your Friday night free on the chance we could see each other." Bill said. 

As we logged off Bill told me how much he enjoyed chatting with me, and that he was very much looking forward to being with me Friday if possible. 

We exchanged cute little smiley faces and our goodnights. 

Bill's last message to me was, "Sweet dreams love." 

It was the first time he'd used the "L" word in that way, and reading it warmed my heart. 

We logged off at 10:35 PM, after spending a most enjoyable 2 hours and forty minutes online together. The excitement of being able to seduce my lover in my new white bridal gown the day after tomorrow started to build instantly. I could hardly wait until his eyes first gazed on me in that incredibly sexy gown. 

My excitement over being with my lover again was soon replaced with the anticipation of Marsha's arrival with her bag of sexy toys. 

Before I shut down my computer I check my email and found nothing of interest deleting most of the contents of my inbox as spam or just plain junk mail.

I went to the living room and turned off all the lights except a low wattage light on a small table just inside my front door. I lit several candles and put on some soft jazz. 

I still had most of the bottle of Merlot that Bill had brought over the weekend before, and poured myself a crystal wine goblet of the sweet liquid. I sat down on the big over stuffed chair that Bill had knelt in front of Sunday morning when he pleasured my loins so completely with his mouth and relaxed waiting to see if Marsha would appear. 

Just about 10:55 PM there was a light knock at my door. I quickly made my way to the door and checked through the tiny peephole to make sure it wasn't someone besides Marsha. Marsha was standing alone outside my door with a very warming smile on her lips. 

I undid the dead bolt and opened the door. 

"Hi Marsha, come on in." I said. 

She smiled and said, "Thanks baby." As she slid by me carrying a small black bag. Marsha wore an almost floor length fur coat that completely covered what she wore underneath, with the exception of the dark navy slacks and matching heels she had on earlier at the store. 

"Can I take your coat Marsha?" I asked. 

Marsha walked across the living room and slipped her fur off. She lay it down with the satin lining exposed on one end of the sofa. 

"Here's fine baby." She said. 

She turned toward me and smiled as she held up her little black bag, which I assumed contained an assortment of sexy toys. 

Marsha wore a pure white silk blouse unbuttoned almost half way down. Her succulent cleavage nearly completely exposed, and her taut nipples pressing into the silk fabric. She didn't bother to wear a bra. 

"Would you like a goblet of wine Marsha?" I asked. 

"I'd love it Gen." She replied. 

Marsha dropped her toy bag on the sofa, and walked toward me. Her full breasts jiggled seductively as she stepped toward me. A sexy grin appeared on her lips as she realized I was watching her tits move beneath the silk blouse. 

When Marsha was close enough she lifted her hand to my shoulder and slowly ran a fingertip down my arm. "I love a girl's night in baby." She said. 

Her touch caused the tiny hairs on my arm to stand up, and I felt goose bumps along the length of both arms. 

Marsha followed me to the kitchen where I poured her a goblet of Merlot. As I prepared her drink she said, "So Gen were you able to find the feather trimmed heels to go with your bridal gown?" 

"I only stopped at one store Marsha. They didn't have them, but I fell in love with a pair of white satin heels that look very sexy, and I got a matching pair in black." I replied. 

"Sounds to me like your bridal outfit is complete baby, so when will your lover get his first glimpse of you in that little number." Marsha asked. 

"It could be Friday evening if our plans work out." I said. 

"Sweet!" Marsha said 

With our Merlot goblets full Marsha and I returned to the living room. As I walked behind her I couldn't help watching how her ass moved as she walked. Marsha was a master at walking seductively in high heels. Her hips moved from side to side and her feet almost glided across the floor. 

As we reached the sofa Marsha asked, "So baby, do you wanna see my toys?" 

"Love to!" I replied. 

Marsha sat down on one end of the sofa, and I on the other with her fur coat spread between us acting as a display for the contents of her little black bag. I believe her toy bag had started life as a gift back for a bottle of liquor its opening held closed with two pull strings, and its oblong shape appeared to be long enough to hold a fifth of booze. I was quite certain that its contents were just as intoxicating now as when hit held a bottle. Marsha reached into the bag and pulled out a cord, as she lifted it further and further out a series of balls came with the cord, each one slightly larger then the one before. 

"One of my favorites Gen." Marsha said as the last anal bead slipped from her bag of toys. 

I giggled at the thought of having them inserted in my tight little ass. 

The next toy looked like a rubber ring with an inch long stub attached to it. The stub was covered with bumps and at the base near where the ring was a tiny electric cord extended to a control. Marsha flipped the switch and the stub began humming. 

Marsha held it up for me to look at and said, "Clit vibrator baby. You're gonna love this one." 

I smiled and replied, "I bet we'll both love it Marsha." 

Her next toy was a pink two-pronged affair, one slightly longer then the other. 

I giggled as she held it up for my inspection. "Ooooooh, that one looks like it could kill two birds with on stone Marsha." I said, knowing where each prong was intended to be inserted. 

Marsha was spreading her collection of toy out on the satin lining of her fur coat for me to see. Her hand slipped inside the bag and I could tell she was trying to find something near the bottom. 

"Damn," she said, "I forgot my little bottle of oil." 

"No problem babe, I have some in my nightstand." I replied. 

"Oh goodie, we're gonna need it for my last toy Gen." Marsha said. 

She pulled the last of her toys out, obviously saving it for last, and clearly using up the length of the bag. It was a thick rubbery looking shiny black cock. This was no dildo, it looked almost as huge as the cock Bro had brought to my gangbang at Jim's apartment a few weeks before. The base had two built in balls that Marsha grabbed to hold this massive substitute cock up by. The shaft had molded in arteries and the flaring head looked bigger than any I'd ever seen before. 

I smiled at Marsha and said, "Now that's what I call an adult toy!" 

Marsha laughed before she said, "It sure is, and it never goes soft on ya either." 

"Let me run and grab my massage oil baby." I said. 

I stood up and started toward my bedroom to retrieve my dome shaped bottle of massage oil. As I passed Marsha her hand slid up my leg. "I can't wait for this Gen. I've wanted to be alone with you again ever since our night with Peter." She remarked. 

While in my bedroom I slipped on my new black satin heels and buckled the ankle straps tightly around my legs. I wanted to show them to her, but more because it brought us to almost the exact same height. 

As I returned Marsha instantly noticed the heels. "Oh yeah, very sexy Gen. Those ankle straps would be perfect with a matching black satin choker." 

I made a mental note to buy one before I wore the shoes for Bill. As I neared the sofa again I held up my massage oil for Marsha to see. 

"Looks like that serves two purposes also Gen." Marsha said noticing the shape of the bottle. 

I tossed it on her coat, and sat down. Marsha's fingers slid to her blouse and undid another button as she turned to face me more directly. The white silk spread even further open exposing the entire length of her deep cleavage along with the inner most part of the ring of areola surrounding her taut nipples. She took a healthy drink from her goblet and set it on the end table. I did the same nearly emptying my wine glass. 

"Shall we?" Marsha asked as she lifted the coat by the furry collar spilling her toys on the floor, and tossing the coat fur side up on the carpeted floor in front of us. 

Marsha stood and stretched two beautifully manicured red tipped hands toward me. I lifted my soft delicate fingers and placed them into her hands as I stood. Our hands trembled in unison as the anticipation of what we knew was about to happen grew. Looking into her beautiful blue eyes, which now were sparkling with passion, I let me gaze travel down to her luscious red lips shimmering with a combination of lip-gloss and the remains of her last sip of Merlot. 

As I lowered my gaze to her beautiful breasts, the contrast between the pure white of her silk blouse and the tanned flesh it no longer covered she moved her shoulders slowly from side to side allowing a hint of erect nipple appear, and then be instantly covered again by the silk fabric. Her fingertips slowly began to slide up my arms, barely touching my tingling flesh until they reached my soft shoulders. 

"You are so lovely Gen." Marsha whispered. Her fingers lifted the thin spaghetti straps holding my nighty on my shoulders. She moved them outward off my shoulders and the garment floated down off my body forming a puddle of fabric around my black heels. Except for those sexy heels I stood before Marsha completely naked. 

"What an incredibly lovely body you have Gen." Marsha said as she moved closer to me. 

The open edges of her silk blouse barely made contact with my taut nipples sending a shiver of excitement through my breasts, and down into my loins. My hands trembled as I moved them to caress her nipples through the white silk fabric barely covering her breasts. 

Marsha moaned softly as I slowly caressed her nipples. Our eyes searching one another's, our trembling lips wanting to make first contact, quivering tongues begging to begin a dance of gentle passion between parted lips. 

Marsha whispered, "Undress me Gen, very slowly undress me." 

I moved my fingers painstakingly slow toward the final exposed button of her silk blouse, the fabric easily parted, my fingertips touching her naked flesh beneath. Downward my fingers traveled toward the button that held her slacks tightly around her waist. A quick flick of my thumb and forefinger and the button was undone. 

Marsha watched intently as my soft hands slowly slid her slacks from her wider hips. Her own fingertips were touching, no hovering, above the tingling skin of my shoulders and upper arms. As the waistband of her slacks slid over her flaring hips the material slipped down her silk covered legs into a heap around her feet. I gasped at first sight of the silk tri-angle of thong covering her shaven pussy. The dark color of her stockings contrasted incredibly with the pure white of her thong. My fingers found and undid the final button that held her silk blouse closed just above her hips. As I moved my trembling hands up toward her breasts Marsha brought her hands to my tits softly caressing the soft skin. 

"You have such beautiful breasts Marsha." I whispered. 

My fingers grasped the silk fabric just below her shoulders and I slowly slid her blouse off her body. It joined our other clothing in a heap at our feet. She moved her shoulders seductively causing her breasts to sway seductively from side-to-side, inviting my touch, my kisses, and my gentle caresses. 

"Kiss me Gen." Marsha said. 

As our lips moved closer and closer we both were trembling with shear anticipation. Passionate stares turn to lustful glares as our mouths came within inches of one another. 

My lips parted, offering Marsha the tip of my tongue, which she gladly accepted sucking softly on it. Our lust for each other finally took complete control pulling our mouths together in a deep passionate kiss. 

We moaned in unison as this kiss between two bi-sexual lovers intensified. Marsha's hands slid up to cup my tits, slowly massaging the heaving flesh and sliding over taut nipples. I lowered my mouth to kiss the soft flesh above her nipples moving from one full tit to the other and back again. 

I gave in to my craving to feel her tits against mine and moved closer to her pulling her heaving chest against my tits, Marsha's full tits pressing against my smaller but equally luscious breasts. Our nipples slid against each other. A tingle of pleasure spread from my sensitive nipples consuming my entire tit as it spread. 

As we caressed each other with our tits and searched each other's mouths with lips and tongues, Marsha slowly began to bend at the knees. I followed her until we were kneeling on her fur coat. She placed a hand softly on my chest and said, "Lay down Gen, feel the luxury of fur on your naked skin." 

As I lowered myself to her soft fur coat I indulged my fingers in the feel of fur, allowing my body, my legs and finally my shoulders and head to settle into the folds of fabulous fur. I spread my long hair about my head and let my fingers slide down over my tits, before slipping from my hips and into the fullness of the fur. 

"What an incredible feeling Marsha." I said, as her coat engulfed my body. 

Marsha kneeling over me slowly bent at the waist, her erect nipples making contact with the skin of my abdomen as her lush full lips moved to suckle one erect nipple. My finger instantly moved to her hair, running through the blonde waves and directing her lips and tongue from one taut nipple to the other. 

"You nipples feel so good in my lips." Marsha exclaimed. 

Her own erect nipples hanging down at the tip of her breasts dragged across my flesh sending shivers though my body. Marsha slowly kissed her way up my chest, lips teasing the heaving flesh of my chest. Marsha showered my shoulders and neck with gentle soft kisses. My fingers constantly moving through her beautiful blonde locks directing her to one sensitive spot after another. 

As she kissed toward my lips, her legs moved up. She pressed one shapely silk covered thigh into my groin grinding her strong thigh into my loins. My pussy tingled with absolute ecstasy as her leg worked its magic on my moist lips, and hard clit. 

"Oh baby, you're turning me on so much." I whispered as Marsha moved upward more to kiss my forehead. She moved even further up allowing her full tits to dangle in my face. My lips captured and suckled one erect nipple while my fingers pleasured the other. 

"That's it Gen suck my hard nipples baby." Marsha whispered adding, "I love how you suck them baby." 

My lips drew one nipple tighter into my mouth and I flicked my tongue at the hard tip causing Marsha to groan deeply. 

"Oh my god, there is no feeling better than a woman's mouth on my tits." She exclaimed. 

I circled one nipple with my tongue leaving trails of wet saliva where ever it touched. Marsha's thigh and now her knee ground into my ever-wetter pussy, soaking her silk stocking from the hem down to her knee. 

"Oooooooh baby, I need your mouth on my pussy." I pleaded. 

Marsha smiled as she looked down at me between her swaying orbs of tit flesh and slowly began moving down over my body. Quicker then her ascent but still sensuously slow. I spread my thighs wider as she moved closer and closer to my now dripping wet pussy. 
