 The airlines had gotten Miles and Veronica on an evening flight and told me I could go standby the next morning or take a red eye out late tonight. I opted for the redeye-maybe I would actually get some rest from my exhausting few days of sexual adventures. We three were so spent from the night before that all we could do was pack our bags and make our way to the airport. I saw Miles and Veronica to their gate and we hugged and exchanged information, promising to get together in Chicago. As they were boarding, I noticed Veronica talking to a couple flight attendants. She and Miles appeared to know them. 

As I was watching them talk, I noticed Veronica pointed to me and the flight attendants nodded and looked at their watches. Curious, but more thirsty and tired, I went to a little bodega and paid way too much for some trail mix and water. I had about two hours to kill so I sat down near the terminal and dozed off a bit. The last few days were unfolding in my mind as I remembered the way Miles and Veronica touched me and guided me. Just as my nipples started to react, I really fell asleep. What woke me was one of the flight attendants that Veronica and Miles knew. She shook me a bit and said, “Time to board, Alexandra…I’m sure you don’t want to miss this flight.” The way she emphasized this was something I would soon come to understand. 

The flight was virtually empty, save ten or twelve people in coach. As I was boarding, the flight attendant who woke me took my ticket and said, “Hello Alexandra, my name is Sofia and I am here to make sure you have a most comfortable flight.” With that she gave me a wink. I must have looked noticeably confused because she then said, “I promised Veronica…” My eyes went wide and I couldn’t even begin to imagine their conversation in the terminal. Just as I was making my way to my seat in coach, the other flight attendant grabbed my wrist and said, “Alexandra, my name is Dorothea.” She then pointed to an invisible ticket and said, “Oh, I see you’ve been upgraded, let me show you to your seat.” I nodded, now blushing and followed her to the first row of first class. When the door to the airplane was closed, I saw I was the only person in first class and the curtain was firmly closed separating coach and first class. 

Ok, before I go on, I suppose you’re wondering what these fabulous women look like. Well, Sofia was a blonde…more like platinum. Her hair was past her shoulders and perfectly curled into a twenties style do. She had big, brown eyes and a cute little mouth. She stood about 5”7 in her heels and had a nice, shapely body. She was thirty-eight and married. Dorothea was Black with the smoothest skin I’ve ever seen. Her hair was shoulder length and tied neatly into a bun. She had almond shaped eyes and really large breasts that had a sexy little sag to them due to their size. They moved as she walked and when she leaned over she revealed an ass that made me want to lean forward and bite into it while grabbing her hips. Dorothea was about 5”10 in flat shoes.

As the plane was preparing for take off, Sofia went to coach to perform the demonstration while I got the pleasure of watching Dorothea move around in front of me. When she reached her arms in the air her button down shirt hugged her breasts and made her nipples stand at attention. She caught me, mouth half open, staring at her chest and she gave me a knowing smile. The plane took off and shortly after, both Sofia and Dorothea were in coach serving drinks. It was now past 10:30pm, so the movie went on and the cabin lights went out. The hum of the engine lulled me to sleep and the sound of soft voices woke me. I followed the sound of the voices to the seats next to me where Dorothea and Sofia were sitting. Sofia was rubbing Dorothea’s neck and had unbuttoned her top two buttons. They both looked up and smiled at me, asking if I’d like a glass of champagne. “Nah gives me a headache, but thank you.” I said. Sofia got up and fished around in her pocket, “Here, take this, you’ll feel right as rain.” Looked to me like a Xanax so I popped it and washed it down with the champagne she handed me. Dorothea got up to check on the people in coach and came back, snapping the partitions shut. She went to the row behind me and rubbed my neck lightly and said, “You just relax and rest, Alexandra.” Among the champagne, the neck rub and the unknown pink pill I closed my eyes and let rest wash over me.

Again, I heard talking next to me, this time I didn’t open my eyes. I distinctly heard one of them say, “I think she’s ready.” A couple minutes later I felt myself being blindfolded. I sat up in my seat but a hand on each shoulder guided me back down. My seat was being reclined and my shoes were being taken off. Someone began rubbing my feet and the hands that were on my shoulders began to slide down my shirt. I couldn’t have resisted if I wanted to…but I assure you, I didn’t want to. I felt hands over my bra, tracing my nipples delicately.

My nipples became sensitive and aware and the touch became slighter and gentler. The hands massaging my feet found their way up my thighs. (Thank you flared pants.) I became so hot…so ready for more that my hands found the elastic waistband of my pants and dove in to relieve my pussy. “I don’t think so!” One of them whispered, and with that, they tied my hands to the armrests with what felt like linen napkins. “We keep our promises, right Dorothea?” I heard Sofia say. Dorothea must have nodded because I didn’t hear her respond. I figured out from that exchange that Sofia was feeling up my legs and Dorothea was ravaging my tits. 

Sofia withdrew from my pants and, in one swift motion, removed my pants and panties. Dorothea unbuttoned my shirt and let it hang open. There I was, naked from the waist down, strapped to the armrests and blindfolded like a hostage. Sofia pushed my legs apart and said, “Naughty girl, look what you’ve done to the fine leather of the seat.” I felt her between my legs, and then her finger was in my mouth. She had me taste what had spilled out of me and the taste only made my pussy wetter. Dorothea has now taken my bra off and is sucking on my nipples, her teeth catching them ever so slightly. It’s enough to make me pant, wanting more. Sofia took her finger out of my mouth and said, “Does the naughty girl like that? She likes to taste her own cunt juice? Well, so does Sofia.” She then inserted her finger into my pussy and made sounds that she was sucking the juice off her own finger. She put it back in, long enough for me to begin to moan. She took that one finger and ran it from my wet, wet slit, around my pussy lips and circled around my clit. “Look here, Dorothea, look at her clit.” With that, she spread my pussy lips wide. Picturing these two, hot women staring at my swelled clit with my legs and pussy wide open made me beg. “Please…touch me…touch it. I, uhhh….”

The next voice was Dorothea’s, “You mean like this?” I then felt a fingertip press on my bud. She just stayed like that. It became unbearable so I began rocking my hips, forcing pressure onto my clit. Up and down. Up and down. She spoke again, “Okay, baby, let mama give you what you want now.” She slowly fingered me and massaged my clit. Her pace quickened and so did my breathing. I was so wet that it was hard for her to keep her finger on my clit. I began thrashing and I felt ready to explode.

“C’mon baby, give it to me. You know you want to, just let go.” That was it. I arched my back and tried to stifle my moans. My body convulsed in the seat and before all of the aftershocks subsided, a blanket was thrown over me and the blindfold removed. A passenger from coach had come up to use the bathroom. I looked up and saw a pilot standing in the galley with Dorothea. He came over to me and said, “Are you having a pleasant flight so far?” I could only nod. He then said, “If there’s anything extra we can do for you, please let us know. Perhaps you’d like to see the cockpit?” Remembering my naked, tied up state, I said, “Maybe later.” He then smiled a knowing smile at me and put his hands in his pockets revealing an erection that needed attention. He caught me looking and said, “Would you like to watch?” I was confused. Dorothea quickly untied my hands and helped me up, wrapping the blanket around me like a towel. 

She ushered me to the door of the cockpit, following the pilot. “Stand here and watch.” He said. The other pilot had gone into the main cabin and that was when I realized Sofia was in the cockpit. She rubbed the pilot’s hard cock through his pants and looked at me. She unzipped his fly and pulled his hard cock out of his boxers, not taking his pants off. 

He leaned back and Sofia gave him a slow, hard hand job. The other pilot came back, “Could y’all finish up in the lavatory? We have a plane to fly.” With that, he tipped his hat to me and went back into the cockpit as though nothing unusual was happening. Sofia took the pilot into the bathroom. He told me to stand in the door and watch, and to alert them if anyone was coming. Sofia hoisted herself up onto the sink and parted her legs, revealing no underwear, and no pubic hair whatsoever. I licked my lips. 

The pilot wasted no time thrusting his cock into her, forcing a moan out of both of them. I was mesmerized as I felt my right nipple being pinched. I swung around and there was Dorothea with a wicked grin on her face. “Close the door, I have something for you.” She said. I did and followed her back to my seat leaving a pretty heavy fucking scene in the bathroom. She sat me down, reclined me and looked around. “We haven’t much time, but you’re already wet so here goes.” With that, she slid what felt very much like a penis up my slit, letting it rub my clit. She then slid it halfway into my wet pussy and back out again. I asked, “Please, give me more.” She did and when it was thrust all the way in, there was this wonderful little nub that hit my clit. She started a rhythm of pushing in and out, touching my clit and my insides at the same time. 

She started coaching me along, “Come on baby, work with me. Rock for me. Oh, yeah…that’s right. Tweak your nipples. Good girl likes being fucked by Dorothea. Good girl likes a big cock in her hot cunt.” My face was flushed and I felt my orgasm near, though I wished for this feeling to last forever. I reached out for her tits. I had to touch them; they were so beautiful. She started whispering hoarsely into my ear, “You first, hands by your sides. C’mon Alex. Keep rocking. I love to feel this big dick slide in and out of your hot pussy.” Much as I resisted, I came. I came and came and came. Dorothea had to practically hold me up my orgasm was so intense.

When I looked up I saw Sofia, looking refreshed and hungry for more. They did a quick sweep of the cabin, allowing me time to put my clothes back on as the plane was making its descent. Dorothea came back first and I met her in the galley. I looked at her and softly kissed her mouth. I unbuttoned her shirt to her navel and buried my face in her tits, lightly biting each nipple through her bra. I moved my hand under her skirt and down her stockings. No panties. Goodie. 

I began fingering her and saying in a low, husky voice, “You like fucking me? Yeah, you like watching me come?” She nodded and closed her eyes, throwing her head back. “Make some noise for me, Dorothea. Make some noise for the pilots as I frig your big clitty.” I felt her vagina contract as she moaned. “Ugh..Shit..Please, yes yes yes…ah ahshit.oh yea, oh yea, oh yeaaa.” I then knelt down and she parted her legs. I spread her pussy lips and sucked so hard on her clit that her knees buckled as she orgasmed. She sat there, on her knees, panting and dripping her pussy juice onto the floor. I got up and bumped into Sofia who was fingering herself behind me. Just then, we heard, “Flight attendants, prepare for landing.” 

“Shit.” Sofia said as she and Dorothea went to buckle themselves into their seats by the door. Sofia looked unsatisfied all buckled in. Dorothea, recovering, casually slipped her hand up Sofia’s skirt. I couldn’t see what was happening, but from the look on Sofia’s face I had a good idea. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she arched her back, then slumped forward. Dorothea pulled her hand away and looked directly at me while she sucked on her fingers. They composed themselves as we landed in Chicago.

“Welcome to Chicago’s O’Hare, folks, local time is 11:23pm. We hope you had a comfortable flight and look forward to serving you in the future.” Yes, I thought to myself, I look forward to that, too.