 Kiera wakes.

Fear.

She's in a strange bed, restrained, a dream? Nightmare?

She looks around, Shia is standing there, watching her.

Panic. 

Why is she here, does she know? Oh god, she knows.

Shia watches her, studies her. Eyes cold, searching.

Not a dream. Completely at Shia's mercy. Dream come true?

Maybe.

Shia is silent, it drives her crazy, can't stand silence.

Kiera bares her soul, blurts her feelings, says too much.

Shia jerks back, the force of Kiera's desire unnerving.

Keeps away, but continues to listen. Silent.

Kiera panics, begs for forgiveness, redemption, release?

She quiets, cries softly, she's trapped, alone. 

Rejected?

Insecurity and scars surface. Clawing at her insides.

She's now sobbing, shaken and lost inside her own head. 

Shia sees her, listens. Her heart hurts, breaks for Kiera. 

Her anger falls away, she goes to her, wants to comfort her. 

Kiera is lost in hurt, old and new, overwhelmed. Distant.

She strikes out, strains against her bonds, with feral eyes.

Shia's face shows shock, hurt. She scrambles away. 

Kiera surfaces from her pain, sees what she's done.

She's horrified. Begs forgiveness. Tears come again.

Shia comes to her, slowly, tentatively, carefully.

Kiera is calm now, focused, alert. Ashamed.

Shia strokes her hair, calming her, reassuring her.

Kiera promises to leave, to not hurt her again.

It's what Shia wanted, isn't it? Why is the thought painful?

She acts on impulse, kisses Kiera, tenderly.

Kiera's heart skips, she returns the kiss, hungry. 

Shia breaks away. Pale, staring, shaking, unsure.

She is stricken by Kiera's vulnerability. Her passion.

Kiera's lips burn from the kiss, desire for Shia boiling.

Shia closes the gap, kisses again, softly, Kiera responds. 

Shia embraces her, caresses her, feels their hearts race.

Kiera makes happy murmuring sounds, flushing.

Shia encouraged, kisses Kiera's cheek, neck, throat.

Kiera responds, whimpers into Shia's embrace. 

Shia looks at her, searching Kiera's tear-stained eyes.

Kiera eyes beg. She whispers, her throat hoarse, "Please."

Tears again, Kiera is crying softly. 

Lost in her hopes, joys, desires and fears.

Shia holds Kiera's face, kisses away the tears. Smiles.

She hugs Kiera tightly, her lips again exploring, moving.

Kiera is gasping, shivers down her spine, kisses continue. 

Shia reaches the top button of Kiera's shirt.

Kiera bites her lip, nods as Shia looks for her approval.

Shia pulls the button loose, breath hot on her skin.

She undoes the next button, fingers trembling.

Kiera is squirming under her, flushing violently. 

Shia again seeks for approval in Kiera's face.

Kiera's eyes are closed, her face alive with emotion.

Shia continues, she's nearing the last button.

Shia opens the shirt, cold air washes over Kiera, she gasps.

Her nipples pucker, the cold air brushing them. Teasing.

Shia leans down close, her hot breath contrasting sharply.

Kiera moans, frustrated, an insistent, groping sound.

Shia breathes across her nipple, Kiera jumps in surprise.

Her eyes are wide open, staring, then they roll back.

Shia blows again, her lips millimeters from Kiera now.

Kiera feels the heat in her body, rushing from her core.

Her limbs tingle in excitement, she begs, "Please..."

Shia smiles, kisses the nipple gently, then bites down.

"Yes!" Kiera gasps, her body trembling, trapped.

Shia releases the nipple, then kisses it gently, lazily.

Kiera moans, "More..." she whispers, rising to Shia's lips.

Shia moves across, kisses again, bites down, harder.

Kiera makes a ragged gasp, she holds it, tugging.

She runs her fingertips down Kiera's side, teeth insistent.

Kiera is lost, swimming in overwhelming sensation.

Pain and pleasure mix, and she just wants more, much more.

Her teeth relent, Kiera goes limp, sinking into the sheets.

Shia's lips move back up, to Kiera's neck, starts nibbling.

Her teeth are insistent, but not cruel, just exploring. 

She starts under the chin, nipping hungrily on tender flesh.

Kiera's body is begging, screaming for release, hopelessly.

Shia continues devouring her, her teeth traveling further.

She can practically feel Kiera's skin tingle with every bite

She nips playfully at her belly button, Kiera stiffens, moans.

Her mouth reaches the top of Kiera's jeans, draws away.

Kiera looks down, Shia is pouting, glaring at the barrier.

Her eyes beg Shia, Shia studies her carefully.

Kiera whimpers, her head rolling back into the pillow.

Shia is impatient, and hungry. She makes a choice, commits.

Kiera's ankles untied, she squirms beneath her, begging.

Shia is rushing now, impatient, starving. Loosens the jeans.

Clumsily, she unzips, the odor or Kiera's arousal hits her.

She growls, grabs the jeans and panties, dragging them off.

Kiera implores her now "Please, I want you, use me, please."

Shia looks up at her, bares her teeth and growls again.

Kiera shivers, the fear mixing with arousal, claiming her.

Shia throws Kiera's knees apart, her needs igniting within.

She seeks Kiera's release, feral sounds in her throat.

Kiera's arches her back suddenly, cries out, legs squeezing.

She's found her target, and attacks viciously. 

Tongue and teeth feast on Kiera.

Kiera's legs scissor around Shia's head, pulling her closer.

Shia feels the hunger, and bites at Kiera's tender button. 

Kiera loses control, crying out, sobbing, moaning. 

Heat explodes through her body, burning her from inside.

Her eyes are fuzzy, ears buzzing with sensation. Falling.

She falls for what feels like forever, lost from time. 

Feeling the shock-waves, pounding, then subsiding, slowly.

She stirs, eyes fluttering open, she's being held.

Her hands are free, she returns the embrace tightly.

Shia nuzzles her neck and sighs happily, content.

In that moment, wrongs are forgiven and hurts forgotten.

They hang on to each other, trying to make it last forever.

--

Authors note: This has been an experiment to try and distill a much longer story down to it's essence, strip out all the extraneous exposition, and let the characters and emotions speak for the themselves. All productive feedback is appreciated!