 This is the continuation of Triad - Hard Times. Plot and characters start there. This chapter includes solo female and lesbian love. We do appreciate constructive feedback.

*****

Wonderful weeks went by with our new live-in Nanny. Our two youngest kids were getting wonderful personal attention. While we were both able to work full time. Natalie was already such a part of our lives, that in no time she really became part of our family. She truly worked as an employee and dedicated herself to her tasks. She took the little ones on outings to the Library. Made sure they were always engaged with activities of all sorts. In short order she had done research on what a Nanny does and began applying that to her work.

She was home when the older kids got back from school and had snacks and chores for them. When we got back from work we did not have to rush over to pick up the babies or the kids. They had already done their homework and been cared for, so we got to enjoy more time with them that was unburdened. We began to realize how thin we had been stretched to accomplish it all without her.

Beyond the time differences, financials got easier too. Because of the shared housing, Natalie hardly had any expenses. We paid her the same as our previous Child Care Center, but she got to keep almost all of it. She did not have overhead or staff. She paid roommate rent and utilities back to us at a fraction of her apartment costs. Plus she got an upgrade on furniture, entertainment, and a better kitchen.

We reshuffled the housework to accommodate changes. I did the shopping and runaround which took a little training and a bit of coordination, and continued to do maintenance for the house, vehicles, and yard. Stephanie did the cooking and kitchen cleanup, and continued to do the bills. Natalie of course took care of the kids, as hired, but as roommate started doing the cleaning and laundry while the baby and toddler were napping.

One day she was putting away laundry and stumbled across our naughty toys. We only have a couple but she was still shocked to find them. Then shock turned to curiosity and interest. Finally imagination kicked in and all she could think about was the various uses for the moderate firm vibrator. She stood frozen in dreamy thought for a moment, then jolted back to reality.

With the baby and toddler napping and the older kids at school, she could take some time for herself. So hiding the vibe in the basket she snuck away from the master bedroom.

Back in her room the shame set in that she was about to cross a boundary. Joking and teasing was one thing, using her friend's plastic partner was a whole different thing. But it had been so long since she had been on dates that went well enough to get her some action, she was pretty excited just holding the sculpted rubber dick. 

Soon her burning desire melted her shame. The more she thought about sharing such an intimate item with her friend the more she got worked up. It wasn't long before she was splayed out on her bed, rubbing it up and down over her box, quickly getting excited, thoughts getting dirtier by the moment.

She started the buzzing slow and quiet. Rubbing over and around her lips and nubbin. Softly swatting the fake flesh against the length of her slit with that nice wet smack, smack, enjoying the sudden sensations of the impacts. Up and down, over her pussy, gathering juice along the way, she needed more.

Faster and faster she teased herself and got a good slick going. As her motions sped up, so did the buzzing, passing medium on to high, until it was cranked up to full speed. In only minutes an itch developed deep inside that demanded attention. Up and down the dildo went, until it snagged on her blossoming petals, and popped in just enough to surprise herself.

With a tiny withdrawal she got a good grip and shoved half the rubber monster into herself. She had been with several men and had a couple toys but this one was bigger than all the rest and the filling sensation was delicious. Dragging it out reluctantly right to the edge, she bit her lip and shoved until it bottomed out against her cervix.

She was lost in her excitement and soon her fantasy turned to being intimate with more than just the vibe, but her friend as well. As the toy buzzed along, her other hand became her friend's fingers playing with her. Soon, working the sizable girth in and out she was thinking of Stephanie's tongue swirling and penetrating her. Suddenly her mind went to her friend's still lactating ample breasts and she realized how much she wanted to play with them, suck on her, and draw out her milk.

As she got closer and closer to her peak, which didn't take long due to her recent depravation, the image of Tom grunting and thrusting into her jumped into her mind and tripped her into a powerful and sudden orgasm that left her twitching.

After calming down and getting presentable again she did her own private walk of shame back to return Stephanie's toy. Placing it carefully back where it came from, so she wouldn't be found out.

For the next few days whenever she had free time she was stuffing herself with Stephanie's twisting tongue, and Tom's raging cock.

--

A couple weeks later Natalie agreed to let my wife and I go out on a date. It was the middle of the week so traffic was light and the restaurant had quick service. We enjoyed our time and still got back a little earlier than any of us had expected.

"The kids are already asleep so we have to be quiet going in, but I have to go talk to Natalie about tomorrow's schedule."

"Ok, g'night." as I went to bed not realizing what I was about to miss out on.

Stephanie quietly crept up the stairs to Natalie's room and walked in to find her friend completely naked on the bed with Stephanie's vibe crammed into her snatch.

"OH, Stephanie!... I didn't expect you back 'til later!" not able to cover up, but closing her legs, and trying to cover her exposed breasts.

"Clearly... Wait!. Is that MY vibrator!?" shocked and a little betrayed, but also embarrassed.

With a deep blush on her cheeks Natalie shamefully nodded her head.

"I thought the batteries were wearing out quick lately. How long have you been hiding this?"

"Not long... I only found it a couple weeks ago doing laundry." panicking that she had angered her best friend she tried to defend her actions. 

"You know how long it has been since I have been touched! I couldn't help it, it looked so nice. Just the right size and stiffness."

Shock and fire dwindling in my wife's eyes, "That's why it's my favorite. Aside from Tom I have not found anything else that does as good a job. What was that look!? You were just thinking about fucking Tom weren't you! I can tell when you're lying, and you know it!"

"Yeah... it wasn't just the vibe... it was also the naughtiness that it was yours. Then also imagining Tom... and... you." ending with a soft and pitiful defeated sound.

Seeing her best friend so obviously scared was painful for Stephanie, "Me? You were thinking of me? With all our intimate talks, I didn't think you were interested in women. I didn't think you would understand, so I was too embarrassed to tell you... well... uhhh... in college Tom and I had an adventure with another girl." showing her own embarrassment.

"I wouldn't say I am interested in women in general, but who doesn't appreciate genuine beauty? Plus our connection makes the attraction stronger. Honestly, I thought you were too straight laced for even a dildo but then I found this monster hiding in your closet! When I got into things and my mind wandered the owner popped into my head." Natalie giggled.

"I had been looking forward to more adventures if they arose, but I did not expect it to be with you. I definitely do not want push it on you."

"Come push it on me now..." with her repressed desire now clear in her expression. She exaggerated it by spreading her legs with the shared vibe still buzzing away.

"Oooh..." giggle "So in your fantasies... what do we do?" Stephanie says as she approaches the bed, slowly undressing on the way.

Shirt quickly unbuttoned up the front, exposing a red satin half-cup bra, that barely covered her large dark nipples. Then the shirt was on the floor and the tight mini-skirt right behind it, revealing the matching thong, that let her trimmed bush just peek out the top.

"We usually start with soft passionate kisses..." as she rises to meet her incoming best friend and new partner.

Lips parted slightly, they press into each other with growing passion and pressure. Licking each other, getting sloppier with each exchange, their tongues dart and dance, releasing their pent up tension that had been growing for years.

They embrace tighter and tighter as their mounds crush together. Smooth skin slides across smooth skin when they rub their soft bellies together. Legs tangled and twisting pulling each other into the closest embrace possible.

The kiss breaks to send slurps and nibbles down both their necks, ears, throats, and shoulders. Occasionally nipping with teeth to graze the skin leaving light marks of love. With long hair draped over them and tickling delightfully, Natalie rubs her fingers up and down Stephanie's back enjoying the thrill of this new touch.

Finding her bra clasp still hooked Natalie uses the one handed release she knows so well, but this is the first time it is not her own bra. In a flash Stephanie lifts herself just far enough to whip the bra aside and lets her milky jugs spill down onto her new lover. With so much fantasizing Natalie eagerly wiggles her way under Stephanie's luscious knockers to suck and slurp on them. Stephanie is scheduled for pumping and is full and firm. It doesn't take Natalie long to suck those nipples to extended swollen nubs and for milk to appear. With a bit of trial and error, soon the warm sweet nectar is flowing smoothly, delighting both women as they revel in their opposing sensations.

For Natalie such heavy, firm, yet yielding globes draped across her face, while she savors the wonderful milk that emanates from them. First in timid drops, then dripping continually, then when she draws in she is rewarded with a warm spray into her mouth. The light sweet magical fluid that is truly unique, flowing down her throat and dribbling on her chin and cheeks.

While Stephanie is straddling over a beautiful smooth, soft woman, whose face is buried in her bosom. Changing from left to right and back again gently but insistently draining her milk, enjoying every drop, and relieving the pressure that had developed. 

Natalie's hunger was disappointed when after some time her refreshments slowed to a trickle. It simultaneously felt like hours and yet only seconds that they had been enjoying each other.

"Jeez that felt great, but I have been looking forward to some motor boating of my own." 

Stephanie squirms down the nude prone figure, kissing her shoulders and collar bone, down the valley between her natural breasts slumped slightly to each side. Starting in the middle, extending to each side just a little, then to the other one kiss farther and back again, until she was full on mauling the soft boobs of her best friend.

"Ohhhh... it has been so long since that other girl and her wonderful tits. But yours are even bigger and more amazing." her moans muffled with her face buried in bosom.

Stephanie gets really into it as Natalie's nipples flush and stand out. The incredible effect that something so small and simple can have on the erotic sensations captivating her. Gradually getting more and more rough until her victim squeaks in pain.

"Now I understand why Tom is always so fascinated and rough with mine. I will have to cut him a little slack now. So what happens next in your fantasies?"

"I... uh... usually imagine you fingering and playing with my cooch... then... in the end licking me. But you don't want to do that... do you?"

"Sounds wonderful!" as she flips around and reverses their alignment into a 69, losing her soaked panties in the shuffle.

Stephanie quickly ground her face into the deliciousness of Natalie's slick snatch. Eagerly exploring each slippery fold and hidden spot, hitting all the places she knows to be delightful. Tongue sliding up and along the lips, and occasionally dipping in for more sweetness right out of her friend. Changing it up by throwing kisses across the inner thighs, and nipping lightly.

Understanding that this was new for Natalie, Stephanie didn't plop her pussy into the other girls face, but wiggled it tantalizingly. Gradually lowering her hips so Natalie could meet her when she was ready. It didn't take long for tentative fingers to start testing the way. While Natalie was new to loving women, she had rubbed on her own pleasure plenty. Knowing what she liked, she set to work giving that pleasure back to the partner that was creating so much for her.

The scent of the woman above her became more and more enticing as her own excitement built. Finally Natalie took the plunge and pulled the tempting pink puddle down onto her face and licked it all over. Pleasantly surprised to find that not only was it nice, it was incredible. Her nose was overwhelmed by feminine essence. Her tongue lapping at the softest folds, up and down, then probing into the gaping opening.

The sounds of slurping filled the room with both women frantically licking, probing, and sucking. Tongues exploring folds, valleys, clits, and then plunging deep into the other. Hands grasp firm butts, smooth graceful backs, delightful ribs, and supple tits. The excitement of the new situation sending them into a frenzy of passion. Much sooner than either wanted they moaned back and forth into each other, and barely managed to suppress their screams of orgasm, shuddering and shaking in their tangled sweaty pile.

In the magic of that special moment together they both utter "I love you" and realize they both mean it in every way.

Continued in Night Out.