 Continued from Trigynia 1: Ruby and The Rector's Wife ...

As soon as Dominic left for the surgery Ruby blushed. She blushed again while buttering her toast, then again while sorting the post, and again, more deeply still, as she walked past the study. Her every thought was consumed by Suzanne. She had no idea whether the woman was beautiful or kind or indeed respectable. She knew nothing about her but that she could write words to touch any curious woman's emotions so surely, she was left completely uninterested in anything but the power of those words to seduce, excite and satisfy. As she showered, struggling against the urge and desire to make herself come again beneath the luxurious warmth of gentle water, she found just enough presence of mind to understand what was happening to her. She was as excited and nervous and worried and thrilled as any other woman convinced she had found someone to share herself with completely - if only for a moment, if only at a distance, if only virtually. And the acceptance of that realization made Ruby blush again, deeply and hotly ... and safely - for she knew also that no matter how forceful and demanding Suzanne might be, only in a fantasy world was she at risk of doing things with and for Suzanne that she might later wish she hadn't. 

Showered, creamed and dusted, Ruby spent an hour fussing and choosing what to wear ... and having chosen, she put the clothes to one side, dressed casually and functionally and took herself off to the village to browse, take coffee, chat and generally try to act like a woman who was not close to obsessed with the idea of having an intimate lesbian e-conversation with a woman who could easily enough be a neighbour or acquaintance for all she would ever need to know. 

The hour hand on the study wall clock seemed to take an eternity to drift from 2 till 3 - during which eon Ruby sat quietly, if nervously, in a state of excited expectation. She had dressed, for her own delight, in turquoise silk panties and bra beneath an oyster silk gown matched by cream lace-topped stockings, but she knew full well that she had dressed also to make herself more attractive to another woman. Not visually attractive, of course, but she felt that the sexier she felt the more she would enjoy whatever Suzanne had in mind. 

At long last a message appeared: Sapphic Sapphire asks if Ruby Midnight (the non de passion Ruby had chosen for herself) would like to join her. Oh yes please, Ruby sighed, feeling her whole body tingle with excitement, feeling her breasts swell, her heart race and her clitoris tremble. Hello, she replied like the nervous debutante she was. For a while Suzanne led, encouraging Ruby to talk about her desires and her fantasies. Quickly, her confidence rose - as she felt a form of trust develop between her and Suzanne so Ruby became increasingly candid. With little prompting she began to confess the passion she had recently discovered and unleashed through masturbation. In seemingly no time she found herself sharing her most erotic desires and describing in detail the joyful release she found when using such fantasies to make herself come. Indeed, without any design or artifice, she admitted to having masturbated completely nude while reading The Rector's Wife, dreaming about the narrator, not the principal characters. Suzanne's reply, confessing how much she loved thinking of her readers satisfying their deepest desires through her stories, aroused and relaxed Ruby still more.

"Oh my, if only you had seen me, heard me calling out to you, begging you to come and enjoy my warm, juicy pussy," Ruby typed.

"Oh Ruby, keep talking, please, tell me more ... tell me more and I'll come for you like you came for me," came Suzanne's tantalisingly tempting response.

With complete and unashamed candour Ruby admitted the newness yet sincerity of her lesbian longings, confessed the frequency and loving sophistication with which she masturbated. She described watching herself caressing her plump and naked breasts, squeezing her hard and tender nipples, parting her sensitive and slippery labia, feeling and twisting and rubbing her swollen and wanton clitoris, enjoying and pleasing her succulent vagina, licking and loving the taste of her come on her fingers. 

"Mmm, I would love to taste your come Ruby - would you like to taste mine?" an obviously excited Suzanne replied.

"Oh god yes, are you close?"

"Nearly, sweetie, keep exciting me and I will be."

With her whole body quivering in lust, her pussy aching in needy wantonness, Ruby typed out erotic thoughts and longings she had barely admitted to herself before, let alone ever dreamed of sharing. She re-explored her fantasy of being seduced in a lingerie boutique, admitting for the first time how much of her arousal revolved around the thought of being excited and used by a complete stranger, of being kissed and licked and fingered to a beautiful orgasm by another woman, or two, or three, all, like her, searching for a short moment of mutually satisfying lesbian lust. As she imagined undressing for a stranger in a boutique changing room Ruby acted out the same pleasure, holding her panties to her nose to breathe her sweet musky scent while imagining Suzanne doing something similar just for her.

"Mmm," a deliriously aroused Suzanne interrupted, "don't stop, tell me more ..."

Ruby needed no further encouragement. Completely lost inside an affair of strange yet erotic intensity, she told of the joy and lust she experienced when seducing herself, slowly undressing, slipping off her blouse and bra like a lover would, running her fingertips around the dark, wide disc of her aureole like a lover should, whispering sweet-nothings to herself like lovers do till, excited beyond restraint she let her panties slide to the floor while watching her fingers ease between her juicy labia.

"... yes, yes, don't stop," Suzanne begged.

"Yesterday," Ruby confessed, "I did all that and more for you Suzanne. Naked in front of the computer I held my labia open and begged for you to come and love me, feel me inside, make me come, be the first woman ever to make me come."

"And did I?"

"Oh yes, a thousand times yes, gloriously and beautifully."

"Mmm, oh yes, yes, oh you sweet thing yes ... YES!"

Ruby let the screen remain still for a moment, feeling the power and potency of Suzanne's orgasm somehow floating in the ether. Then the text box burst back into life.

"Ruby, that was wonderful, gorgeous, my pussy is throbbing fabulously for you, does that excite you, does it thrill you to know that you've made another woman come?"

"God yes, oh Suzanne, I don't know what to say ... other than ... other than ..." Ruby repeated, not quite able to put into words the breadth and power of her desire.

"Other than? ...you want me to do the same for you, want me to have you, take you, use you?"

"Yes, oh yes please."

"Do you want me to come and find you in that boutique, half naked and completely wanton?"

"Yes, yes," Ruby confessed while hurriedly slipping off her gown and bra.

"Mmm, naughty dirty Ruby, wanting to offer herself naked for anyone to have ... are you naked now?"

"Yes," Ruby admitted simply.

"How delicious, shall I open the door so that everyone see you?"

"Yes, oh yes do, let them watch."

"Watch as I slide my hand up the inside of your warm, soft thighs, feeling you trembling lustfully beneath my touch, wanting me to have you ... do you want me to have you Ruby?"

"So much Suzanne, so very much."

"Open your thighs for me, let me feel your hot juicy pussy in my palm, let me stroke your swollen clitoris with my thumb ... mmm, does that feel good?"

"God yes."

"Do you want to come for me Ruby, come all over my fingers?"

"So much," Ruby typed one-handed while exciting herself shamelessly, dreaming that the hand between her thighs was Suzanne's.

"Mmm, yes, I can feel you now Ruby, feel you wanting to come ... you feel so warm and sexy, I want you so, I want to kiss and suck your nipples while I slide my fingers inside you."

"Please, do it to me Suzanne."

"Are your nipples hard and dark Ruby, aching for my tongue and my lips?"

"Yes, oh Suzanne, I want this so much, be rough with me, please, bite my nipples, squeeze my soft breasts, make me yours."

"While I slide my fingers inside your pussy?"

"Yes, oh this is so good and so-o-o naughty."

"Do you like being naughty Ruby?"

"I love it! ... mmm, your fingers feel so good inside me Suzanne."

"Mmm, your pussy feels so hot and juicy and wanton."

"She wants to come for you Suzanne, she loves being made to come."

"Do you make her come often?"

"Gosh, yes, lately I seem to being doing it all the time!"

"That's good."

"I love doing it Suzanne, I adore playing with myself while thinking of naughty things, making myself come again and again, I mean ...," Ruby started to type before losing herself in complete lust for her own body.

"Masturbating is such a beautiful pleasure," Suzanne continued, "shall I tell you one of my fantasies? Sometimes, when I'm feeling really aroused, really sexy, I find a sheltered spot in the park, or some quiet corner of a coffee shop and tease and please myself, longing to be discovered."

"Wow!" Ruby typed one-handed.

"And sometimes I just can't help myself, can't stop myself slipping my hand down inside my panties to feel the succulent warmth of my pussy ... and sometimes I feel so hot, so wet that I simply cannot resist myself, cannot stop till I've made myself come, half fearing half longing that some stranger will see me, watch me, join me."

"Mmm, I would love to watch you Suzanne."

"How delicious, just you and me in Starbucks, our thighs open, our panties pushed down a little, our skirts pulled up slightly, playing with ourselves for the other to watch and enjoy ... just the two of us and some pretty young waitress ... who wants you so Ruby, see how brightly her eyes shine, watching you, wanting you ... see her nipples hardening beneath her thin white top, see her hands slipping beneath her crisp white apron."

"Let her watch!" a wantonly excited Ruby typed, "let her watch you slide next to me, unbutton my blouse and squeeze the soft fullness of my breasts."

"While you make yourself come?"

"Yes, yes."

"Do it now angel," Suzanne commanded, "come for me, come for me now ... mmm, I want you so Ruby, want so much to squeeze you and feel you, lick you and kiss you, want so much for you to feel my fingers inside you, pleasing you, enjoying you, taking you to a gorgeous orgasm ... think how long you've waited for this Ruby, how many times you've slipped your fingers inside yourself longing for a lesbian lover to do it for you ... let me be that lover, come for me sweetie, come for me now."

For hours afterwards Ruby could not stop herself blushing with vivid intensity while her mind replayed the things she had said and done with Suzanne. "Wow," she repeated over and over as she relived the thrilling and exhilarating passion she had shared with her e-lover, passion she had never previously imagined she had within herself. Just before Dominic arrived home she got an e-mail from Suzanne, thanking her for a wonderful afternoon and asking if they could get together again the following day. She agreed with alacrity. She didn't know whether it would be as good the second time, but she very much wanted to find out. She felt sure that lesbian e-love would help her learn yet more about her desires and her curiosities.

Second time around Suzanne was far more direct, sexual and uncompromising. From the start she all but demanded, albeit with an intense and poetical confession of desire, that Ruby undress and masturbate for her. Almost despite herself, Ruby was carried along by the passionate power of Suzanne's desires. She undressed, submissively, while confessing to wanting to be used, to be enjoyed, to be taken advantage of. She had no idea where such surrender and compliance came from, but suddenly it felt good to be dominated and exploited. She came easily and quickly, thanking Suzanne for 'letting' her. The two women then shared heartfelt desires to kiss and lick each other's juicy pussy, until the longing for the taste of another woman made Ruby ache with desire. 

"Mmm, I so want to taste your pussy Suzanne, so want to feel your warm come on my lips, your sweet-scented juice in my mouth," Ruby gushed.

"I want that too, Ruby, I adore having my pussy kissed and licked till she fizzes in orgasm."

"How wonderful, to feel you come against my tongue."

"Do it now for me darling, kiss my warm, succulent pussy through my cool silk panties."

"Are your panties sticky and damp with your come?"

"Yes angel, does that excite you?"

"God yes, I want to press my tongue against you, taste you through the silk."

"Mmm, how wonderful, to have you kiss me and lick me to orgasm through my panties."

"Pull your skirt up Suzanne, let me stare shamelessly at that cool silk spread tight across the plumpness of your warm labia ... open your thighs, let me smell the sweetness of your pussy ... so fragrant, so intoxicating ... mmm, I so want to taste you."

"This is so good Ruby, don't stop, be dirty for me."

Ruby's mind re-explored her lingerie boutique one more time, finding a previously unimagined lust to breathe and kiss and lick any and every pair of tried-on panties she could find. The idea of chasing the taste and aroma of countless unknown women so aroused her she felt she could come to such a fantasy without touching herself. The hunger she felt for the scent and taste of another woman had become so plural she felt herself aching for the chance to give and enjoy real lesbian love.

"Suzanne, I don't know what to say, don't know how to explain ... you've made me so excited I can't think of anything I wouldn't do for you ... I want you so much ... I want you to come for me, come wanting to have me, use me, doing whatever you want with me."

"Keep talking sweetness."

"Mmm, oh Suzanne, I wish I was with you, holding you, caressing you, undressing you while you masturbate."

"Oh yes, how wonderful, to have you watch me, kiss my nipples while I make myself come."

"I want to come with you Suzanne, my pussy is throbbing so much."

"Do it darling, I want to lick your come as it trickles down your thighs," Suzanne replied encouragingly.

"And I want to lick your come from inside your panties," Ruby confessed shamelessly.

"Oh Ruby, how delicious ... oh baby, I want to come so much for you now, make my panties so wet for you, is that what you want angel?"

"Yes Suzanne, yes, yes."

"Soak my panties with my come for you to lick?"

"Mmm, please." 

"Sweet, creamy, scented come."

"Mmm."

"And bitter, lemony pee."

"Oh yes, how delicious, how naughty, how dirty," Ruby typed excitedly, "let me lick and taste and drink your come and your pee ... oh my god I'm going to come so much."

"Shall I take my panties off for you Ruby?"

"Yes, yes."

"All sticky with my come and juicy with my pee."

"Yes, let me kiss them and lick them for you Suzanne ... and then."

"Then angel?"

"Let me kiss and lick your pussy till you come again."

"And?"

"And ... yes, oh yes ... I can't believe it ..." Ruby admitted, her lesbian liberation revealing a newfound depth and intensity of desire, "I want to kiss you and lick you till you come ... and then kiss and lick you more while you ... while you ... oh yes, please, I want you to pee for me Suzanne, into my mouth, over my breasts, down onto my thighs ... oh god, how dirty I feel, how naughty, how sexy ... say you'll do it for me, say you'll let me lick the come from your panties while you pee over my naked body."

As she calmed down Ruby blushed with embarrassment at the sheer depravity of her passion. She didn't feel ashamed as such, for having wanted to have Suzanne both come and pee for her; on the contrary, whilst the idea had never previous occurred to her it excited her still. No, her unease was down simply to a concern that her e-lover would, now the flush of lust had passed, feel ashamed for her part in such debauchery. She needn't have worried.

"My, oh my, Ruby, that was so good," Suzanne gushed in type.

"You don't think I went too far?"

"Of course not sweetie, a woman should never apologise for being passionate."

"I just don't know where all that passion came from ... no, that's not fair, I mean, being with you has turned me on more than anything, but wanting you to pee over me."

"Hush angel, there's nothing wrong with such desire."

"Have you?"

"Have I been so turned on ... well, actually, yes."

"Wow, and was it ..."

"Good? Sweetie, it was one of the most wonderful and beautiful moments of my life ... and I suppose now I shall have to tell you about it."

"Please!"

"Well, like most great passions it started with a complete and submissive infatuation for a beauty so sublime I never dared dream she would even look at me," Suzanne began.

"Who was she?" Ruby asked.

"Another writer ... no, that's not enough, she is a most gifted writer and as if that is not enough, simply gorgeous."

"How did you meet her?"

"Pretty much like we met - I sent her some feedback."

"She writes for Literotica?" Ruby guessed.

"Yes, Lady Sappho - you would love her stories, especially Dans L'Intimité, it's set in a very discreet lingerie boutique run by two deliciously sensual ladies - anyway," Suzanne explained, "Cristabel and I ..."

"Cristabel?" Ruby interrupted, the coincidence setting her heart racing once more.

"Yes, that's her name ... she and I exchanged a few e-mails and then, when we each got this invitation to a Literotica Writers' party during the Henley Regatta ...well, to cut the story short, she said she was thinking of going and I said I'd love to meet her if she did ... so we both did and we met and then we each chatted to various people and then."

"What does she look like?" Ruby asked, her intuition working overdrive.

"Like an angel ... believe me, Ruby, she is as pretty as anyone you have every seen, creamy olive skin, luminous dark eyes, fabulous high cheekbones, sexy sensual lips, lustrous dark hair and a figure to die for, pert rounded breasts, long legs and a bottom that wiggles so seductively you cannot but ache when watching her walk by ... all night long, all I really wanted to do was be with her."

"She sounds divine," Ruby replied, her mind replaying pictures of her own Cristabel.

"She is, and despite her aristocratic background - her grandmother is the Duchess of somewhere or other - she is really good fun, I mean, everyone at this party just adored her, and, of course, like me, they all wanted her."

"And?"

"And, well, as the evening was drawing to an end, I asked if she had far to travel home and she smiled and said yes, but I'm not going home ... oh, I breathed, daring to hope she was trying to sound me out ... I have some friends in Oxford, she continued, deflating my every expectation, I thought I might stop with them ... 'might', I thought, only might ... and you, she asked ... m-me, I stuttered, no, not very far, not very far at all ... nice, she smiled ... y-you c-could, I stuttered ... no, really, she breathed, I couldn't put you any trouble ... no, honestly, I said a little too quickly, a little too pleadingly, it would be no trouble, no trouble at all, I'd love to have you stay, I mean, there's no-one else."

"So, she stayed?" Ruby put in matter-of-factly.

"She did, but long before that she put me completely under her spell - she remained silent for a moment, thinking. I say a moment, but it seemed like an age to me ... please, I added desperately ... OK, she whispered huskily while brazenly yet casually unbuttoning the top three buttons of my black silk blouse! ... it might be fun, come on, let's go."
