 By Pam, Tabatha, Lori and Linda NOTE to readers: this is the true account of how Tabatha and Pamela met Lori and tricked her into having lesbian sex with Tabatha, who was disguised as a man. Tabatha, Pamela and Lori each wrote up what they were thinking and what happened from their individual perspectives. Linda wove their narratives together.

From Tabatha

I firmly and completely believe that anything a man can do, a girl can do at least as well. And I do mean anything -- and everything! Especially anything of a sexual nature. I believe with all my heart that girls can kiss better, rub better, massage better, seduce better, romance better, love better, and make love better. Even fuck a girl better. Make that - ESPECIALLY fuck a girl better! And when I say "fuck" I mean it literally. Intercourse. I've long believed that a girl can have intercourse with another girl using a "fem cock" so wonderfully that not only would the girl being fucked come at least as hard and as often as when a guy fucked her. She wouldn't even be able to tell that it was a girl fucking her.

My friend Linda was skeptical, so I decided to demonstrate my fucking prowess to her. By picking up a girl with the help of my wife, Pam. And by fucking the girl, and giving her multiple orgasms, without her even knowing I'm a girl!

By fucking a girl with my "cock" I wanted to prove not only that I could fool a woman into thinking I was a guy. In addition, I believed that once they had experienced my "cock" inside them and realized that they had actually had sex with a woman, they'd never want a man's cock again. Especially after they found out how much better women are at kissing, caressing, romancing, etc. And, as an added bonus, I thought that disguising myself as a man would be a sexy and fun adventure for everyone!

In the past whenever I seduced a woman I'd of course dressed the part of the seductress, and would make love to her as only a woman can. And often, during the evening I met her or on another occasion, I'd also fuck her with a strap-on or feeldoe. But I wanted a change and a challenge. And I wanted to show Linda -- to show everyone, actually -- that I can fuck a girl at least as well as a man can -- by pretending to be a man.

My wife Pam and I picked a suitable evening and checked into a hotel room at 6 pm. I immediately started getting ready for my night mascaraing as a man. First I showered with men's shower soap and shampoo so I wouldn't smell like a woman. I removed my nail polish and had Pam wrap my breasts with a long tight bandage. When she was finished I looked like a weightlifter -- I had a chest that passed for a large but manly looking chest.

I put on my "cock" underneath my men's boxers (I wore men's underwear just in case the girl I was going to pick up somehow saw my underwear prematurely, and also to help get me, mentally, into the roleplay). My "cock" had fake balls and a harness with a small bulb-like dildo that goes into my pussy. When I squeeze my pussy while I'm coming, this makes the dildo squirt like a man's cock. It is 10 inches long.

I also wore a man's suit pants. I put on my man's wig, shirt and shoes. I sure looked a lot different without make-up and with only a man's hair showing. Maybe I didn't look completely like a man if you looked carefully. But close enough. Especially, I hoped, if whoever was looking first had a drink or three. All told the transformation took us 3 hours to do.

From Pam:

That night I was dressed in a tight black cocktail dress. It was low cut and molded to my body, showing off my breasts and legs. I wore 6 inch heels. We went down to the hotel bar at 9 pm. We found a nice booth away from the bar but from where we could see the dance floor. The place had a lot of sexy hot woman, some with a guy, but others were single. We ordered drinks. After carefully studying the possibilities, Tabatha spotted a beautiful girl she thought might be suitable.

Dance music was playing, but this one stunning girl was dancing by herself, the way younger women do sometimes. I have never backed away from a challenge, so when Princess told me to try to pick her up, I went on my mission with gusto and optimism.

I went right over to the girl and started dancing the kind of dance where you're almost making love on the dance floor. The girl was relaxed -- she'd probably already had a drink or more. We made eye contact, and then I gradually started to make love to myself with my hands, hoping this would get her attention and also maybe get her a bit aroused. I moved closer so we could talk. I quickly found out her name was Lori.

I started dancing with her, but not touching her. Just dancing to the music and talking with her. I found out she wasn't with anyone. I explained I was there with my husband Trevor, and pointed at "him". Trevor stood up and adjusted himself. Lori saw his bulge and asked how big Trevor's cock was. I told her (truthfully) that it was huge, very hard and that I loved it.

I added that if she wanted to find out more, and if she wanted a great cock that night, she could have Trevor's. Lori, thinking she was being invited to join a threesome, said she wasn't interested because she wasn't bi. I quickly told her she wouldn't need to touch me at all. I explained that I was Trevor's cuckqueen. I told her that my pussy belonged to Trevor and I did whatever Trevor told me to do. And Trevor had told me that I could only watch the two of them have sex.

From Lori

When I met Pam out on the floor dancing it was, at first, no different from what I had done many times with friends. It was just group dancing. I was not drunk, but was feeling good from the wine coolers I'd had. Pam walked up to me and acted really friendly. When Pam and I started dancing I had no sexual feeling for her at all. I did notice that Pam was dressed really nicely. She seemed really cute and I noticed her legs, her perfect clean heels, and also her dress. From her appearance I thought she probably had an important job that pays well.

We started talking and Pam told me she and her husband were out for the evening and that they wanted to have fun. And that her husband thought I was really pretty. I thought she was trying to pick me up for a threesome, so I told her "no" because I wasn't bi.

I also thought it was very strange her husband wasn't the one who tried to pick me up -- wasn't that the usual way threesomes began? But then Pam told me that she was a cuckqueen who was sexually submissive to her husband. She told me that if I came with them, she would just watch! I thought "Wow, kinky." I was intrigued.

I had gone out that night looking for fun and sex, and at that point was really horny. So I told her that I would go with them so long as she and I didn't get sexual or even touch, because I was totally NOT into girls. Pam promised that she and I wouldn't have any contact whatsoever. She repeated that she was sexually submissive to her husband and that I would just have sex with him. Pam was so upfront about being a cuckqueen, and the entire set-up made me feel so naughty and aroused, that I went with her to their booth.

From Tabatha

Pam and Lori came to our booth together. I - acting as "Trevor" - played the part of a gentleman, so I stood up to greet them. Lori didn't say anything unusual or react in way that was suspicious. It was clear that I was passing as a guy! As I paid for our drinks I only spoke enough to answer short questions in a low voice because I didn't want to give my true self away.

We left the bar and got on the elevator. As the elevator door closed I made my move. First I kissed Lori passionately, and then I turned her around because I thought she'd be less likely to figure my true gender out this way. She faced the wall of the elevator. I slipped my fingers up her skirt, and found that she was soaking her panties. I pushed 2 fingers inside of her pussy and nibbled on her ear. I was so much getting into the male role play! We got to our room and I gestured to her to get onto the bed. I turned to Pam and in a few words told her to strip and sit on a chair. Pam, submissive sexually to me, did as she was told. I turned to Lori, knelt down on the floor, and started eating her pussy!　She went wild! Oh my gosh - she started moaning, screaming, and bucking. I knew I had her. I knew there was no turning back for her! Sure enough, very soon she started to come! I made a straight girl come! I still can hardly believe it -- a straight girl came on my mouth! I can't describe the amazing feeling this gave me. The feeling of being so sexy that I could even make a straight girl come! Then Lori came on my mouth a second time!! This turned me on even more! Pam just sat and watched, even though no doubt this was turning her on as well.

Then I gently turned Lori over, figuring I had a better chance this way of continuing to fool her into thinking I was a man. I was so excited I was afraid I would use my normal voice so, to be sure I didn't give myself away, I remained completely silent. Which was very hard for me to do. I unzipped my pants and took out my "cock", and put her into the all-fours position, with her head on the pillow and just her hips raised. I slid my cock into her wet pussy from behind.

Lori went wild. She fucked my cock even more than my cock fucked her. She went crazy! She was bucking and fucking herself on me, moaning that she loved my huge cock. She came another three times (!!!) before I gave her my "cum" (one of the strap-on's features). I flooded her pussy and held her tight, leaving her breathless. That's when I heard her say she was in love with me! A straight girl told me she loves me -- or at least the guy I was pretending to be. I was in heaven. A STRAIGHT girl! I had made a straight girl come 5 times that evening. And she even told me she loved me!

Then I flipped Lori over onto her back. I leaned down over her, got on top of her, and we started kissing. Long, sweet, passionate, romantic and tender kisses, in between which she again told me that she loved me. Then I stopped kissing her. Looked intimately at her. And pulled off my man wig.

From Lori

When I got to their booth at the hotel I admit I thought Trevor was a guy. Trevor and Pam seemed like wonderful people, and I believed Pam when she told me that because I was straight I wouldn't have to touch or be touched by her. So I went with them.

As we went into the elevator I kept thinking about Trevor's bulge and wondering how big his huge looking cock actually was. Trevor and I kissed tenderly and passionately for around 20 seconds while he caressed my back and rear. Then he kissed my neck. I did try to touch Trevor's bulge, but he swatted my hand away. Nevertheless, I could tell he had a big cock and this excited me.

When Trevor kissed me his kiss felt very soft. But I'd had one boyfriend who kissed me softly, so I didn't think much about it. Trevor didn't talk much, and when he did it was in a deep voice. This was another reason I assumed Trevor was a man.

Back in their room Pam obeyed Trevor's instructions not to touch me, and then Trevor went to work on me. While Trevor went down on me, I thought, "Wow! This guy sure knows how to please a woman." He ate me better than any of my past 5 boyfriends ever had. Even when he was inside of me with his wonder cock I still thought that Trevor was a guy. Just longer, harder and firmer than the other 5 guys I'd been with. I orgasmed very hard and many times from Trevor fucking me. I told him I loved him because Trevor seemed to have all the qualities I wanted in a guy. He was exactly what I was looking for in a husband! (I think that's what "love at first sight" is!)

After we made love, as I was lost in the afterglow of coming, Trevor got on top of me and we kissed and kissed, and I again told him I loved him. Heavenly kisses.... I still thought Trevor was a man. Of course, being a little drunk helped. But I really thought he was a guy with the hardest cock I'd ever had. How did fucking Trevor compare to the other 5 guys I'd fucked? Well, it was better. But for me, fucking with any new guy had always seemed better than ever before with a different guy.

I was fooled until Trevor finished kissing me. Only when he removed "his" short-hair wig and then his shirt, and showed me that "he" was really a she, did I know. Up until then I would have sworn "he" was a man.

Even though I had told him I loved him, I knew all along that I was just some spice so that a couple could have a fun time. My expectation all along was simply to get fucked by and to fuck a husband while his submissive wife watched. I had hoped to have mind blowing sex with a huge cock, and then never to see them again.

From Tabatha

On top of Lori, I removed my man-wig and showed Lori that I was really a girl. Of course Lori was shocked. Then I told her I was a lesbian, and that she had just come many times from sex with a lesbian, and that she has even said she loved a lesbian.

Lori then told me that she had always thought she was straight, but now was not sure. She even said that she still loved me even though she had found out that I was a girl!

Then Lori, who was still under me, leaned up, pulled me to her, and we kissed. For the first time in her left Lori knowingly kissed a girl! She then told me to make love to her woman to woman -- as a woman would - for the entire night! Lori looked at Pam, and looked at me, and said she would prefer just me. She asked if Pam could please leave us.

Since it was Lori's first time with a woman I wanted her to be comfortable. So I asked Pam to put her chastity belt and dress on, and to go home. Pam did as I asked.

After Pam left the first thing I did was to take off my "cock". We did a 69 with me on top. Once my tongue touched her clit Lori just melted. She spread her legs and her thighs quivered as I licked her endlessly. I found out that Lori has a very tasty pussy. She took naturally to pussy licking, and OMG she licked my pussy like she was starving. (She still does!) Then Lori begged for more fucking, so I put back on my "cock" and took her from behind. Then I had her ride me, taking her breasts in my mouth. We also tribbed. She was open to almost anything.

Lori and I fucked and licked all night - and I do mean ALL night. We fucked until around 6 am, when we finally got to sleep. Lori said she wanted to stay in that room, fucking me, forever. In the morning we made love again and again, and by the end she told me she had become a lesbian. And that she was in love with me. With the real me!

Pam came back to pick me up that morning, a Sunday, at 11:00 am. She had obeyed me sexually that evening, and she still does. I control her pussy and her comes. She was still locked in the chastity belt when she picked me up. She begged me to let her out of her chastity belt, but I could see that Pam was getting jealous of me and Lori, so I thought it was best to keep the belt on her for a while longer. I saved Lori's panties from that evening and have used them to get off to.

From Lori

Once I found out "Trevor" was a girl of course I was shocked, and thought that I must be bi because I had loved the mindblowing comes she gave me. I was not miffed or upset over being fooled. In fact, it was a turn on. Mostly I was feeling so happy in the afterglow of so many incredible comes. I was just feeling really, really happy.

After Tabatha send Pam home, Tabatha took off her "cock" and we did a 69 for almost an hour. Then she put it back on and had me get on top of her and mount her like I would if she had been a man. She fingered my butt and sucked my nipples. We did hours of pussy licking, tonguing each other. We both told the other we loved each other! The night went by so fast that before I knew it, it was morning.

I had never been with a woman before I met Tabatha and Pam. Maybe I had a few bi thoughts when I was in high school, such as when I was in gym class. But I sure had never acted on them. I had never even kissed a girl before that night. Yes, I had jilled myself to lesbian porn. But I've read many times that almost all girls do that today, so I didn't think anything about that.

Before I met Tabatha and Pam I'd had 5 serious boyfriends. I kissed, made out with, and had sex with them all. All 5 ate my pussy and fucked me with their cocks. So I know what it feels like to be fucked by a man's cock. And I admit that Tabatha and her "cock" completely fooled me.

If I had to pick a label for myself, I would say that now I'm a lesbian. I'm really enjoying woman/woman sex with Tabatha and also with Pam. I of course think about them when I jill. And I also jill to thoughts of Tabatha fucking me with her wonder cock!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Epilogue: Lori has continued seeing and making love with Tabatha and with Pam. For a while Lori moved in with them. She moved out, but they continue to get together and make love.