 Marion, Shannon and I first met at a 'spouses-only' function in Pebble Beach about six years ago. We were all wives of executives at the Zo-Dickson company meeting. As is usual for such meetings, while our husbands did whatever they do at these things, wives were sort of left at loose ends, though a few social events (read, 'museum visits and shopping'} had been arranged. It was at lunch at TGI Fridays at the La Plaza Mall the first day, that we really hit it off, and had been friends ever since. Since we all lived in the same general area, we were able to get together, and often did.

We were all very thrilled when we became pregnant around the same time. Shannon and I (oh, I'm Elsbeth) were each expecting our first. We're both in our late twenties. Marion was expecting her third, and she's in her early thirties. We shared our experiences during pregnancy, which was very comforting to Shannon and I. Marion told us what to expect from the birthing experience, without sharing dreadful stories of her first two pregnancies. I really hate it when women do that, you know, the 'two weeks of labor' stories.

Anyway, since none of us had close relatives anywhere in the area, it was so thrilling that we were more or less there for each other when it came time to deliver. I gave birth to a lovely little girl, Susan. Shannon had twin boys, Alex and Sean, and Marion also had a little girl, Miriam. It was as part of our post-partum get togethers that the story I'm going to tell you began.

We were over at Marion's, sitting at her kitchen table, discussing our favorite desserts. Mine is pumpkin pie, Shannon said hers were eclairs, and Marion said hers was Tres Leches cake. Shannon and I both looked at her quizzically.

"What's that?" asked Shannon. I nodded my head, too.

"I never heard of it," I said.

"Oh, that's a Mexican cake," Marion said. "Basically, it's a yellow cake that's soaked in, um, condensed sweetened milk, evaporated milk, and whipping cream, and iced with a vanilla icing. It's really good, but very sweet....and fattening, too," she said, patting her still swollen stomach. Marion and I had been having trouble losing the weight we'd put on during our pregnancies, but Shannon looked just as slim as she had before she'd become pregnant.

We all had tremendous breasts, though, fat and swollen with milk. The slightest thing could set any of us off lactating, leaking our abundant milk. Enough for our babies, and then some!

"That sounds really good," Shannon said, referring of course to the cake, but the mention of milk set me off on a track of wondering what Shannon and Marion's mother's milk tasted like, if it was the same as mine. Mine was very sweet, and I had enjoyed tasting it on occasion.

I put my tea cup down on the saucer. "Speaking of milk," I said, "have you tasted your milk?" 

"Ha, who hasn't?" Marion said, waving her hand lightly. Shannon nodded her agreement, her blonde hair riding up and down her shoulder with the movement of her head. 

"Yes, I tasted mine. Umm, I liked it," Shannon added. She looked a little embarrassed, a slight blush on her upper cheeks. It made her look even younger than she was.

"And speaking of cake," I said, "Do you think you could make some of that cake for us, Marion?" I'm never one to turn down a new pastry.

"Gosh, yes, or at least something like it. I have yellow cake, and a can of vanilla frosting, and, let me see, yes, I think I have enough of all the milks, and cream."

She began bustling around the kitchen gathering the ingredients, and Shannon and I pitched in to help. I looked at the two women as they tied their hair back, and washed their hands. Shannon was one of those very pretty executive wives, who look like they'll keep their beauty as their man moves up the ladder. Long, blonde hair, model-perfect facial features, a tall, slim body. I found myself staring at her sometimes, just drinking in her loveliness.

Marion, on the other hand, was also quite lovely, but much darker, with strong hispanic features and glossy, thick black hair, as her mother was first-generation from Mexico and her father a Swede from Minnesota. She was much shorter, and fuller, her breasts, hips and ass very plush. She definitely looked like a mother, the kind that's always busy with her kids!

I'm red-haired, with pale skin and I'm prone to freckles and sunburn. My body is kind of average, medium height, medium sized breasts and ass, although my breasts were a lot bigger then. All in all, I think we represented the diversity of the corporate world, and were reasonably attractive. 

Shannon was pouring the cake mix into the mixing bowl, when it plopped in out of the plastic bag, raising a big cloud of flour into her face and all over her front. A fine dusting settled over the dark granite countertop around the bowl. Shannon sneezed (fortunately not into the cake mix!), Marion and I started laughing, as Shannon's face was all white, and she had a coating of white powder on her bangs. She looked as though she were auditioning for a role as a mime somewhere.

"Think it's funny?" she yelled, grinning, and threw a pinch of flour at Marion and I, which made us laugh even more. We each had a small spot of cake flour mix on our blouses, a small match for Shannon's top.

"I'm sorry," Marion apologized. By way of apology, she began brushing off the layer of flour from Shannon's front, her hands running over Shannon's generously sized breasts. Her hands seemed to fuss with Shannon's breasts more than absolutely necessary, I thought. 

I notice things like that.

"Ooh, keep that up and you'll have all the milk you need for your cake," Shannon groaned, fluttering her eyelids a little unconsciously, and as if on cue, two little wet spots showed up on her green cotton blouse at her nipples. "And that's THROUGH the bra," she said. Marion looked thoughtful, then slowly ran her finger over one of the wet spots, and lifted her damp finger to her lips.

"Mm," she said. "Tastes good."

"Oh, you couldn't taste my milk from that," Shannon said. "Could you?"

"No, I was just kidding," Marion said. After a pause, she said, "But I wouldn't mind. Tasting it, that is." She looked at Shannon so intently. 

Shannon, her bluff called, said, "Um, okay." 

I don't think either of them really meant it to go further, but when Shannon began unbuttoning her blouse, Marion suddenly said, "Let me." Her fingers began shakily unbuttoning the 4 buttons, and Shannon's bra-covered breasts, full, round and flushed now, were exposed to both Marion and me. Her bra had two big wet-looking circles, where she'd already soaked through with milk. This girl was FULL!!

Shannon reached up to the clasp between the cups, and unhooked it, looking questioningly at both Marion and me. Our eyes were locked on her mounds, and I didn't even realize that I was holding my breath in anticipation of what I'd see. When Shannon disengaged the clasp, her breasts fell downward and outward a few inches, as the white fabric swung away, and hung down by her arms (the bra, that is!)

I got a sense of the roundness and fullness of her breasts, so similar to mine. Her skin was a creamy white, unlike the tan over much of the rest of her body, but a rosy blush was rising up that milky flesh, towards her face. 

What really caught my eyes, though, were her long, delicately pink nipples, each with several small white spots already joining into a large white drop of her lovely milk. I could feel my own nipples start to let down milk at this beautiful, womanly sight, and I experienced a sudden desire of my own to taste her, and to feel Shannon's rough, warm nipples between my soft lips. I groaned involuntarily. I could almost feel the warmth of her breasts against my cheeks, and the smell of her body, as I imagined suckling on her.

Still, I was stunned when Marion leaned forward, and, holding onto Shannon's upper arm for balance, brought her mouth to Shannon's left breast, sucking her delicious looking nipple into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the tip of the imprisoned piece of feminine flesh. Shannon moaned, her hands going to the back of Marion's head, her tanned fingers running through Marion's glossy black tresses. She held Marion to her, as she began to suck, her mouth smoothly moving small squirts of Shannon's milk over her tongue, savoring its flavor and texture and heat, then swallowing it..

My fingers suddenly found an itch deep between my thighs, and pressed in there, through my skirt, against my swelling labia and clit, as I found myself tingling there, anticipation and pleasure unexpectedly rising within me. I could already smell the scent of my excitement. Shannon looked over at me as I made a small noise in my throat, and with a smile, seeing my hand at my crotch, lifted her right breast in offering to me. I hurried over to her, my head now next to Marion's, my lips approaching her absolutely lovely, beckoning nipple, a fat globule of her rich, thick mother's milk awaiting my tongue.

I swallowed the warm nub of her nipple, like sucking on a tiny, feminine cock, and drew it into my mouth, the sweet, rich taste of her milk exploding on my tongue. The warm smell of Shannon's body surrounded me, intoxicating me with its richness, and the hint of feminine musk and baby powder. As I felt Shannon's hand and fingers in my hair now, small shivers of ecstasy ran down my back, through my pelvis to my clitoris. 

Her milk came out in little spurts, as though she were cumming her sweet fluid into my mouth. I felt a shudder run through me as I came - I actually orgasmed! I'd never been with another woman or girl, but here I was, sucking on a lovely young mother's beautiful breast, loving the taste of her sweet milk, and cumming, my clit spasming in ecstasy at the thoughts and sensations running through me.

I moaned, and heard two more moans in response, from Marion and Shannon, and it suddenly occurred to me, that THEY were cumming also! The aroma of aroused females was all around me, and it smelled fabulous. I certainly knew it well enough from the times I had masturbated. 

I suddenly felt Marion's hand in my lap, as I was crouched, kneeling in front of Shannon. Her fingers slowly slipped down the plaid fabric of my skirt, until they came to my bare knees, just below the hem. Her fingers curled beneath the fabric, her nails sharply grazing my kneecap, pain and pleasure, and I felt a thrill of anticipation as her fingers slipped under the thin wool, pressing and seeking, the soft, warm pads of her fingertips grazing across the front of my right thigh, not hesitating, moving upward, getting closer to my sensitive inner thigh the higher they went. 

Soon, her fingertip was sliding across the taut, slick fabric of my panties, diagonally across my labia, which I could feel were already plump and pouting, a wetness and heat between them trickling down. Wherever her finger pressed into the panties, a blossom of moisture bloomed. Her fingers knowingly slipped under the elastic inches away from my eager pussy, and I felt her index finger making small circles as she coated it in my abundant feminine fluids. I involuntarily spread my thighs apart, to allow her finger access to my willing slit, a slit which had never before known a woman's touch, though I was so desirous of her touch now.

"Yes," I moaned quietly around Shannon's full nipple, still gushing her sweet, white milk, a little dribbling down over her areola now. "Touch me...please." Marion didn't hesitate, as she slipped her now wet and slick finger between my swelling labia, into my pussy, deep inside me. I could bear the excitement no longer, and brought my own hand under Shannon's cotton skirt, to her slim thighs, warm and smooth. My fingers found their own way up her leg to her crotch, where I was surprised, but also very pleased, to find that she wasn't wearing any panties at all. The absence of cotton fabric protecting her heat from trespassers was an intoxicating temptation. 

"That's it, baby," Shannon whispered, her cheek pressing against the top of my head. "Touch your mommy's pussy, so wet and hot, waiting for your lovely touch." God! How excited I felt at hearing that!. With Marion's finger fucking my own wet slit, I tentatively explored Shannon's cunt with my own fingers. She was shaved, no hair at all that I could feel, and the smooth, silky feel of her hot, feminine flesh under my finger, slick and wet, her slit opening up for me as she willingly spread her legs, gave me all the permission I needed.

I could smell her excited vagina, or maybe it was mine or even Marion's. Perhaps all three. The fragrance was like the richest perfume I had ever encountered, crafted with care and love, just for me. My finger slipped inside Shannon then, a tight, hot haven welcoming me into her, and her pussy reacted to my touch, gripping, then loosening alternately on me, and I giggled as I recalled the 'kegels' we all had done in preparation for giving birth. Her small clitoris was an excited, wet bump at the top of her slit.

The humor soon gave way to passion as each of us quickly rode a wave of excitement, our anticipation building and building, until finally we were gripped in the throes of our orgasms, our bodies shaking with indescribable pleasure, stormy delight crashing over us, creamy liquid dripping down my fingers, and Marion's, as I actually squirted during my orgasm, for the first time in my life. The orgasm I experienced was far more intense than any my husband had ever given me, I nearly blacked out from the excitement!

During Shannon's orgasm, her body tensing, then actually squirting both milk and cum, I filled my mouth with her milk. Rising up, I brought my mouth to her red (though still flour-covered) lips, and kissed her softly, then more passionately, her milk from my mouth gushing into her open mouth, and she drank it eagerly, then her tongue slithered into my mouth in thanks, where I welcomed it. Her hands went to my breasts, and when she pressed them, I could feel that my top was quite wet, apparently from my own release of milk.

Shannon giggled, and, looking at my wet front, said, "Somebody had a good time." I looked into her eyes, then over at Marion, and saw only friendly, welcoming looks in each.

"I've never-" I began, but Marion cut me off.

"Neither have I, and looking at Shannon, I'd guess..."

"Nope, a first for me, too. Have either of you ever..." Shannon said, her voice dropping in volume.

"Made it with another girl?" Marion finished. "I'm guessing that would be a first here, too. Am I right?"

By the blushes on our faces, it would seem that the day's happening had been the first time for lesbian sex for each of us. "Have either of you ever fantasized..." I began, but my voice, too dropped into silence. I was ashamed of myself for my past thoughts in that area, but excited, too.

"Oh god, yes!" Shannon said. "I've gone to some of those Internet web sites, the ones with girls together, and even bought some of those e-books with collections of erotic stories. If Bill knew what's hidden on our computer..."

"Are you kidding?" Marion expostulated. "He's probably got his own files of naked girls on there, if he's anything like Pete." Pete, of course, being Marion's husband. "I just worry if he has a collection of naked BOY pictures! And anyway, me too. Lesbian stuff, I mean, not naked boys. I LOVE those stories, I fantasize about another girl almost every time I jill now. Pete hasn't recovered from the last pregnancy yet, so until he does, it's imaginary girl playtime for me."

"How about you, Elsbeth? You kind of took naturally to, uh, touching another woman..." Shannon said. She looked so adorable when she said it, I felt my heart skip a beat.

"No, uh, no," I lied. I don't know why I said that. The truth is, I had looked at hundreds of girl-girl sites, but it had started long before I ever got married. In fact, I'd felt an attraction to other girls, and then as I got older, other women, all my life. My orgasms from fantasizing, and frigging myself, after visiting one of those sites were usually stronger than those I had with Dave, my husband.

Shannon looked crestfallen. "Oh," she said. "Well, I'm not embarrassed, I think it's natural for a woman to think other women are beautiful, and attractive. I read it somewhere."

"Hmm, "in 'Dykes Quarterly?'" Marion teased, and we all laughed. I felt a sense of unease at lying to my friends, though I joined in the laughter. The moment had passed, and we cleaned up, finishing the cake. I felt a sadness inside, and thought I had missed an opportunity that I'd never see again.

It was two months later that Shannon's husband left her, leaving her a new baby and a brief message on the answering machine, full of "it's not you's" and "I'm not right for you," but as it turns out, he REALLY did have a bunch of naked boy pictures! Apparently, he'd gone to San Francisco to act on his own feelings. But we only found that part out later.

Shannon went over to Marion's to stay for a couple of days, while she considered her options. After she'd been over there three days, I decided to bake a cake and take it over. A chocolate double-fudge devils food cake, I figured it had enough chocolate in it to make her forget she was ever married. I knocked on Marion's door, but didn't get any response, even though Marion's blue mini-van was parked in front of the house. I didn't see Shannon's at all.

I let myself in, using the key that Marion had given me months before. I called out, but didn't hear any reply. I put the cake on the kitchen counter, then went looking for her. Shannon was no doubt out shopping, or looking for a lawyer. 

Walking up the stairs to the bedroom level, I started to wonder why she'd even be up there during the day. The door to the guest bedroom was slightly ajar, so I tapped on it with my fingernail and whispered, "Hello? Anyone in here?"

There was no answer, so I peeked in but didn't see anything, only the bedcovers wildly mussed and thrown over the pillows. I then retraced my steps out, and looked through the rest of the house, finding no one.

Finally, I returned to the kitchen and made myself a cup of instant coffee, pondering the situation. I thought that I'd finish the cup, then look around again. If I didn't find Marion, I'd leave a note. I thought back to the last time I'd been with both Marion and Shannon in this kitchen, and what we'd done there.

I could still remember the heavy, musky fragrance of aroused pussy, the slick, silky feel of Shannon's pussy around my finger, the sweet flavor of Shannon's milk, and the soft, warm feel of her lips on mine, and the feel of her tongue searching in my mouth. I remembered my excitement at feeling Marion inside me, the pleasure she'd brought to me. 

I had thought about those things often over the last couple of months, especially when I was playing with my stiff, swollen clit, and, with my cum-covered finger in my mouth, or against my nose, invariably I would come to a fantastic orgasm.

My clit was itching again, it was obvious I was turning myself on, thinking of my friends' bodies, so I walked around in the downstairs to shake it off. Marion and Pete had a room off their living room, sort of a den-cum-office. I noticed that the computer was on, with the little Windows logo bouncing around the monitor.

I idly tapped the keyboard, and the scene on the screen returned to its original picture. It was a picture of two cute women in their twenties, apparently naked, in a loving embrace in a bed, sheets covering most of their bodies, just their bare shoulders and heads exposed, while they were locked in a kiss. 

One girl, a redhead, her hair color much like mine, was partially on top of the other, a blonde. The redhead's hair, long and wavy, lay across the white sheet and partially over the upper part of the blonde's body. The blonde's hair was fanned out around her, as she lay back, receiving the redhead's kisses.
