 Mistress Agnes.

With Sherri tightly strapped into the chair and her legs spread wide I thought I'd leave the rest to Marie. I was keen to observe how she behaved. I was certainly pleased at the start at how she dealt with Sherri when she decided to be uppity about wearing the ball gag. I know she doesn't like them, but she also knows that what she likes, or dislikes is irrelevant. I like them and that is what counts. Marie's decision to slap her across the face was exactly the right one and was what I would have done if Sherri had dared to try it on with me. Marie had a strong arm for one so small and she left a red handprint behind. After that Sherri did as she was told. I gave Marie the small vibe and liked the skill with which she brought Sherri to the brink before taking it away. I helped by slapping Sherri on the cheek a couple of times to drag her quickly back from the edge.

Marie understood immediately and the next time she withdrew the vibe she slapped Sherri, not on the face, but on the breasts. This inevitably involved the clamps and the action was even more effective. I lost count of how many times she was brought to the brink, but I could see it was sending her crazy, especially when the second vibe was pushed inside her. Finally, I took pity on her and nodded to Marie to let her know that this was to be the one. She nodded back showing she understood. When I had made Marie cum earlier in the day she had squirted at once, but Sherri rarely did so. Usually only after a prolonged spell of denial such as this one. She did this time and with a force I'd never seen before from her. Her body bucked and twisted and the straps holding her down bit into her thighs. It seemed to go on for ages until she suddenly flopped and went limp. Marie smiled at me looking quite proud of herself, which she had every right to be. Together we unstrapped Sherri and laid her gently on the floor. I found a blanket and covered her over. Marie stayed with her while I tidied up the cupboard carefully putting some items aside to be cleaned tomorrow.

When I turned back she was still lying where I'd left her but, to me, she was obviously awake. I felt she was making the most of her time out and decided enough was enough. I told her to stop playing about and kneel up properly. She struggled a bit, or at least pretended to, but managed it in the end. She was still gaping wide with the ball gag in her mouth and her face was a delightful mess, tear-stained and with drool still dripping off her chin. I undid the buckle and pulled it out and she flexed her jaw trying to get it working again. Now for the clamps. She knew this moment had to come but I still saw the dread in her eyes. Without waiting for her to say anything I simply took a clamp in each hand and unclipped them. She squealed and bent forward, her hand protectively cupping her breasts. I turned back and added both items to the cleaning pile. Time to move on, I thought to myself.

I took the lead and clipped it to her collar and handed the other end to Marie.

"Stand up both of you," I ordered, "its late. Time for bed. Follow me."

Marie stood up and waited, unhelping as Sherri struggled to stand. I walked out of the room and waited for them to follow me. Out of habit I locked the door behind me and led the way upstairs. Sherri was still quite shaky but managed to follow at the rear led by Marie. 

"No point in using the guest room tonight," I told Marie, "you'll be sleeping in with us."

She said nothing but followed me into my bedroom with Sherri in tow. I gestured for Sherri to kneel down by the side of the bed and she did so willingly, her legs almost buckling as she did so. She'd had her fun and now it was my turn. And maybe a little more for Marie as well, to reward her for her evening's work. I asked her to help me out of my dress and she did so eagerly, releasing the fastening at the back of my neck and allowing the front to fall. She worked it over my hips and bottom and was careful not to let it go as I stepped out of it and then neatly folded it and placed it on a chair. 

"And this," I said indicating my thong. She looked a bit flushed as she eased it over my bottom and down my legs. I sat on the side of the bed and held out a stocking clad leg. She knelt down, almost touching Sherri who was silently watching proceedings, and, one leg at a time, she removed my shoes and rolled my stockings down my legs and off. I lay back and swung my legs onto the bed and displayed myself to her. She seemed awed to see me naked. I smiled up at her as she stood. 

"Your thong," I suggested and then glanced down, "and your shoes."

Without any fuss she pulled it down and kicked off her shoes before stepping out of her thong. It was lovely to finally see her in all her glory. I shuffled sideways to the other side of the king-sized bed and beckoned her to come and join me. She lay down next to me and I put my arm across her pulling her closer until our bodies touched. Without needing to look I knew that Sherri would be seething with jealousy. Unless she was in disgrace for some reason, where Marie now lay would normally be her place. I leaned forward and kissed Marie on the lips. It was time for her reward. For her first time I was impressed with how she had conducted herself this evening.

She responded to my kiss, at first nervously and then with enthusiasm. She welcomed my tongue when I slipped it into her mouth. As we kissed her hand came over and started to caress me, her light touch straying onto the side of my breast. When I made no move to stop her she became bolder. Fingers touched and then stroked my nipple. I was in heaven. Throughout the evening I had become aroused in a way I hadn't for ages. My new protegee was proving to be quite a find and her treatment of Sherri excited me. I kissed her more fervently and her exploration of my body continued. 

**

Marie.

When Sherri was finally allowed to cum it was like a volcanic eruption. I know I'd gushed quite liberally when Agnes made me cum earlier, but it was nothing like this. I managed to avoid the worst of it by taking away the two vibes quickly. Most of it went over either her or the chair or the floor. There'd be some cleaning up to do in the morning. I was a little alarmed when she fainted, but Agnes seemed unconcerned. I guessed this wasn't the first time. Together we freed her from the chair and laid her on the floor and Agnes went and found a blanket which I placed over her. While Agnes took all the toys back to the cupboard I stayed with Sherri. I stroked her hair and hoped she'd revive soon. When Agnes turned around and told her to stop playing up I realised that she was back with us again.

She struggled to her knees when Agnes came over. When the ball gag came out she opened and closed her mouth a few times trying to get it working properly again. Having recently had the experience my heart went out when the clamps were removed. She'd had them on far longer than I had, and she almost collapsed again. A lead was clipped to the collar and the free end handed to me. Agnes then announced that it was time for bed and we were both told to stand up. I did so, slowly followed by Sherri who managed it after a struggle. I followed Agnes out of the room and up the stairs with Sherri in tow behind me. Apparently, a lonely night in the guest room was not to be as we followed Agnes into the 'mistress' bedroom and Sherri was made to kneel on the floor by the bed.

It felt like an honour to be allowed to help Agnes undress and I determined to be as careful and as gentle as I could. I unfastened it and let the front fall and then eased it over her hips. I held it and she used a hand on my shoulder to steady herself as she stepped out of it. I folded it as neatly as I could and then looked around. I saw a chair in front of the dressing table and placed it tidily on the seat. She had turned to face me, and she held her hands out to the side. Her thong was black and lacy and looked very expensive. It certainly hid a lot more than my pathetic scrap. I dropped to my knees and hooked my fingers through the waist band. I couldn't believe I was being allowed to do this. I pulled it down to her ankles and she used my head to balance as she stepped out of it. I sat back on my heels and looked up. I could clearly see why Sherri loved this woman. She was only a few years older than Sherri, but she had a presence. I had a moment to admire her well-toned body before she turned away and sat on the bed. She lifted one stocking covered leg in my direction. I took off her shoe and peeled the stocking down her leg and off. I did the same for her other leg and she was naked before me. What she did next both surprised and delighted me.

She lay back on the bed and lifted her legs on as well and then simply posed for me. One leg was straight and the other was bent at the knee and splayed out sideways blatantly exposing her pussy to me. I was hypnotised by the sight. In a gentle voice she softly mentioned my thong and my shoes. I'd forgotten all about them. I stood up and she looked even lovelier from there and I could see signs of her arousal. I pushed my ruined thong down my legs and kicked off my shoes. Sherri had cleaned me before dinner with her tongue but since then I had leaked quite a lot more. Somehow it didn't seem to matter. She shuffled across the bed to the far side and then motioned for me to lay beside her. I was on cloud nine! She slid back across until we were touching. I could feel the hard point of one of her nipples on my arm. And then we kissed!

I was as nervous as hell but as the kiss went on I started to relax a little. Her tongue pushed between my lips and I sucked on it. We kissed for ages and both our hands reached across for each other. Suddenly feeling bold I searched for and found her breast. Her nipple was hard, and I played with it gently. She broke from our kiss and her head dipped down and she latched on to my breast with her lips. It was sucked hard and it made me tremble. I felt her hand slide over my tummy and then slip easily between my wet lips. 

She glanced up at me. "You seem to be insatiable today, Marie," she said and slipped two fingers inside me. I swear I could have laid back and cum right there and then but something inside me made me want this moment to go on forever. I gasped for air and tried to think of things other than those two fingers. It was something of a relief when they slid out. Her head was still resting on my breasts and I watched over her shoulder as she lifted the fingers to her nose and inhaled deeply. Her tongue flicked out almost lizard-like and tasted her fingers before she put them in her mouth. I lay there amazed.

"You smell and taste as good if not better than before," she said, turning her head to look at me.

Her fingers travelled down again leaving a wet snail-trail in their wake and my pussy was filled again. They went in and out a couple of times before they came out completely. I thought she was going to taste them again, but I was wrong. She held her hand up and let them linger under my nose. It was a familiar smell that I knew well but never offered in quite that way. I knew what was expected and I was nervous. Once, ages ago, I had tried the taste while I was masturbating in bed one night. I was curious but also a little scared and only took the faintest lick before I took the coward's way out and pushed them back inside myself. Now her fingers were there, an inch from my mouth and I knew I had to do it. I opened my mouth and she pushed them in. I let my tongue explore them probing between them. I'd read various stories on the internet recently and in a couple of them they tried to describe the taste, but I now knew that none of them got it quite right. It was slightly salty, they'd got that right, but the only word I could come up with was 'silk' which isn't even a taste! If silk tasted of anything then it had to be something like this.

She took her hand out of my mouth and went back to playing with my pussy, not entering me this time but sliding along the outside and massaging my clit. It was sending me crazy. I wanted to return the favour and asked her if I could make her cum. I wanted to find a way to repay her for this evening.

"You can but not just yet," she said softly, "someone needs to thank you first. Swivel around and put your legs over the side of the bed."

I didn't understand at first, but I went where her hand guided me until I lay sideways to her, my head resting on her stomach and my legs dangling over the side of the bed.

"Sherri," she said with a commanding tone in her voice, "its time you thanked Marie for all her kindness this week. I want you to make her cum."

**

Sherri.

Somehow, I managed to stagger up the stairs to the bedroom and it was a relief to be allowed to kneel. I had never blacked out from an orgasm before and it had taken a lot out of me. I felt the first pangs of jealousy as I watched Marie slowly undressing my Mistress. Normally that would be my job and I felt cast aside. When Mistress lay back on the bed and displayed herself to Marie in such a lewd manner I cried inside. It got worse when Marie had stripped as well and lain down next to Mistress. She was occupying my rightful place but there was nothing I could do about it but remain silent and kneeling. I watched from the floor as Mistress sniffed at and then tasted Marie's pussy juices.

I saw a fleeting look of concern pass over Marie's face when Mistress offered her two newly dipped fingers. I knew that she'd played around at school with a couple of friends, she'd told me that much, but perhaps this was her first taste of a woman. Maybe she had never eaten a woman's pussy before. She certainly hadn't tried to do so with me. I watched the fingers disappear into her mouth and the smile start to form as she began to savour the taste. When Mistress took them out she went back to Marie's pussy but instead of putting them inside her she stroked her outer lips and played with her clit. I heard Marie ask Mistress if she could make her cum and a flash of pleasure ran through me when she was told 'no'. 

Then she was told to turn and put her legs over the side and she presented herself to me, legs splayed wide and her wet pussy almost beckoning me.

"Time to say thank you to Marie, girl," Mistress said in a tone I quickly recognised, "she's been good to you all week now make her cum."

I knew what I had to do so I shuffled on my knees to get closer and bent forward and started to lick at Marie. I was on familiar ground now and had been taught well. I swirled my tongue around her clit and was rewarded with a loud moan. I knew instinctively that she wasn't far off. I probed lower and pushed inside her. Another moan came from above. I felt a hand, I don't know who's, on the back of my head holding me in place. And then she came, oh wow did she cum! I hadn't been there when Mistress had made her cum before dinner and wasn't expecting the gushing that came out. I felt it go all over my face and in my hair and I started to pull away but the hand on my head tangled itself in my hair and pulled me back.

"Did I say you could stop, girl?" came Mistress's voice, "keep going, you haven't finished yet."

**

Mistress Agnes.

Sherri and I had been together a long time and I knew that she would be seething with jealousy and I made a promise to myself to make it up to her as soon as I could but for now she knew what she had to do. I was intimately acquainted with her tongue and I knew what skill she could bring to proceedings. I let Marie rest her head on me as she allowed Sherri to work her magic. She was already highly aroused, and I knew the moment was close when her body tensed, and she grabbed the back of Sherri's head and pulled her in tighter. She sprayed, much as she had done before, when she came, most of it, this time, going over Sherri or, I guessed, onto the bed. Ah well, there would be laundry to be done tomorrow.

After Marie calmed down Sherri started to lift her head, but I quickly pulled it back down. I wanted more from her. Neither she nor Marie had any say in the matter. As Marie felt Sherri's tongue on her again I eased myself from under her and placed a pillow under her head. I knelt up and positioned myself with a knee on either side of her head. As I did so her eyes flickered open and she gazed upward. I smiled down at her and used my fingers to part my pussy lips to give her a better view before I lowered myself onto her face. She knew what to do without being told and her tongue swirled round my clit before exploring me further. 

Suddenly her tongue hesitated and with a huge tremor she came again. I leant forward to keep Sherri in place. After a short delay Marie's tongue continued to explore me. I felt it push as far as it could inside me before coming out and going back to my clit. I could feel her inexperience but didn't care. She was doing enough, and I felt my own orgasm building inside me. Somehow, she had managed to work a hand between my thighs and her fingers were now probing deep inside me. I reached down and started toying with her nipples. Oh, fuck, I was close. 

When I came it was wonderful and instinct made me pinch Marie's nipples hard which pushed her over the edge yet again. I collapsed on top of her, my face inches from her pussy. Seeing drops of moisture on her skin I licked at them. Her taste, as before, delighted me. I allowed Sherri to sit back. She was even more of a mess than before, her face glistening with Marie's juices. It had gone everywhere. A wet lock of hair was plastered onto her forehead. I rolled to one side and simply lay there for several minutes. I was exhausted but happy and I hoped Marie felt the same. I propped myself up on one elbow and looked at Sherri.

"There's a blanket on the floor at the foot of the bed," I told her, and her face fell. Resigned to her fate she crawled on all fours to the end of the bed and disappeared from sight.

Summoning up what little strength she had left Marie swung round onto the bed and snuggled into me. I managed to cover us with a sheet and then lay back, putting my arms round her. She was asleep within seconds and I followed very soon after.