 TRIO PART FOUR. 

Marie.

I sat next to Miss Agnes and chatted while we waited for dinner to arrive. She had the knack of asking very probing questions, some of which made me blush. She asked all about my sex life, or lack of it, and I tried to answer her honestly. It was a relief when Sherri finally appeared with two plates of food. The apron had gone, and she was now totally naked. It wasn't something I hadn't seen before but that was only ever in the confines of the office toilet. In the bright room with the sun streaming through the window she looked lovely. She left and returned with another plate of food and was told to sit opposite me.

The food was amazing! I haven't eaten as well ever before. It was only made slightly bizarre that a naked woman sat opposite me. At the end of the meal, after an equally gorgeous dessert, my prayers were answered. We were invited back into the next room. I had no idea what would happen in there, but I was suddenly eager to embrace anything on offer.

I followed Miss Agnes in and a while later Sherri joined us. I was asked to fix Sherri to the cross and my heart leapt, as I eagerly complied. I took Sherri by the hand and led her over. Miss Agnes had requested she be strapped in facing the wall and exposing her back, so I turned her that way and told her to put her arms up. I tried to sound as harsh as I could, trying to be commanding in my tone. I don't think I sounded very convincing, but Sherri obediently lifted her arms.

I worked out the leather cuffs quickly enough, but the rope and pulley arrangement had me fooled for a while until I realised that pulling on the rope stretched her arms out tight and a cleat on the side of the cross could secure the rope. Pleased with myself I knelt down to fix her ankles. She seemed reluctant to move her feet, but I decided to show her I was in charge, at least of this part of proceedings. I smacked her firmly on her bottom and tugged at her ankle. This time she let her foot be dragged to the side. I glanced over, hoping that my smack hadn't displeased Miss Agnes and saw her standing there smiling her approval. I wrapped the cuff round Sherri's ankle and fastened it. I moved across to the other side giving her another smack as I did so to remind her to behave. When I fixed the other ankle, I realised that spreading her stance had stretched her even tighter and she was trying to stand on tip-toe to relieve the pressure.

Miss Agnes walked over with a couple of floggers and inspected my handiwork. She passed a hand over Sherri's bottom where two faint pink handprints could already be seen.

"Well done, Marie," she said, "remember she is here to do as she's told, and she may need reminding of that from time to time. You did just the right thing."

I stepped back to give her space and she placed the two floggers on a small table. She was still holding what looked like a black leather dog collar. She reached up and placed it round Sherri's neck and fastened it with a tiny padlock.

"I don't allow her to wear this outside as people might not understand its significance. I usually make her wear it at home, but I took it off before you came as I wasn't yet sure about you. I'm sure you've seen them on your internet travels."

"Yes, I have, Miss Agnes," I replied, "they show ownership?"

"Almost but not quite. I'm not sure there is an exact word for it so 'ownership' is usually used, and it will do for now. It shows that she will do as I tell her. She will also obey anyone I nominate if I choose to do so. This weekend that means you are included. But be careful not to abuse that authority."

She looked at me sternly and I promised I wouldn't but felt elated that she had placed me in that elevated position.

"And for the remainder of your time here, Agnes will do nicely. You can drop the Miss."

With that she turned back to the table and picked up the smaller of the two floggers. It was made of red leather and the tails were thinner than the other one and there were fewer of them. It still looked like it could deliver a nasty sting. The first strike was so sudden that it even made me jump. The effect it had on Sherri was immediate. A loud squeal followed by a sharp intake of breath. I was more prepared for the second which produced another squeal. I watched as tremors rippled across her bottom. Four more followed each carefully and skilfully placed, first on one side and then the other. Sherri's squeals became louder with each one, almost turning to a scream. Agnes stopped then but to my surprise she turned to me and handed me the flogger. I took it automatically but then hesitated.

"Don't worry," she reassured me, "she's good for another six at least, trust me."

I felt I had no choice, so I swung at Sherri. I needed to work on my skills as it landed on her waist just above where I was aiming.

"A little lower and a bit harder," Agnes instructed me, "again!"

I swung again and connected squarely on her bottom and heard a tiny squeal. I was obviously not hitting hard enough. I tried again with a better response. Over the next three my accuracy improved, and her responses grew louder. I stopped and looked over at Agnes for approval. She was smiling as she held out her hand for the flogger. I passed it to her and she picked up the second one. It was the same one she had used on me earlier. I recognised the familiar plaited handle.

"I think four more from each of us will colour her up nicely. It will also mean that you will have to do your nursing duties again next week but I'm sure you won't mind that."

Her first strike elicited another scream but after that they became quieter and quieter. By the time it was my turn I could hear muffled sobs coming from Sherri. I'm sure Agnes must have heard them too, but she was choosing to ignore them. I had no choice but to do the same. I swung the flogger and was rewarded with a feeble squeal. Number two and three brought no response at all but number four gave me a loud squeal as I strayed a little bit low and the flogger bit into the untouched skin of her upper thigh. This seemed to please Agnes and she winked at me as she took the flogger away. She walked back to the cupboard talking over her shoulder as she did so.

"She needs to turn around," she said, "can you manage that?"

"No problem," I replied.

"Oh, and Marie..." she added, "I think you'd look much nicer without that dress."

I stopped in my tracks when she said that. The flogging had aroused me, and I could already feel myself leaking slightly and my dress was the only thing hiding that. But then I remembered I'd already squirted all over her hand when she made me cum, so I had nothing to hide really. Memories of her fingers moving inside me aroused me even more. With a shrug I lifted the frock over my head and tossed it aside. It was ruined anyway. As I suspected wet tracks were already beginning to flow down the insides of my thighs and the tiny green triangle of my thong was soaked. I turned my attention back to Sherri.

I freed her ankles and then released the ropes pulling at her arms. She nearly collapsed when I did so. I unclipped the ropes from the cuffs and pushed her round to face the front. Her face was streaked with tears and I chose to ignore the pleading look. I was having far too much fun.

**

Sherri.

I was glowing with pride from all the nice things that had been said about dinner. I'd slaved away for hours trying to get things just right and it seemed as though my efforts had been worthwhile. My heart skipped a beat when I heard we were going to play in the dungeon. I knew it meant that I would almost certainly suffer but I was used to it and, indeed, craved it, but I was concerned about Marie. Would she be expected to suffer alongside me? As things turned out I need not have been worried. When I joined them, I sensed a subtle shift in the atmosphere. The way they both spoke as if I wasn't there. I don't know what, if anything, had been said in my absence but I felt that they had somehow teamed up against me. When Mistress spoke, I knew I was in for a hard time.

At her orders Marie led me by the hand to the cross opposite the door. I was fixed to it with my face to the wall. In her enthusiasm I was even more tightly stretched than usual, but I dared not complain. I tried to signal that it was too tight by trying to keep my feet together. That was when Marie took me by surprise and smacked me hard on the bottom. She'd done it completely unbidden and Mistress said nothing. It was then I knew I was on my own. I got a second smack before she fastened my other ankle. I had to stand on tip-toe to relieve some of the pressure on my arms. I couldn't see what was going on behind me, but I sensed that Mistress had come over. Whatever was going to happen was about to begin.

They chatted behind me like conspirators as Mistress put my collar on which I found both comforting and a little scary tonight. Apparently, I was to obey Marie in the same way as Mistress, at least for this weekend. Marie was even told to address Mistress by her first name.

Then the first blow struck. I could tell it was only the lightweight flogger but even with that there was usually a couple of strikes to start with that were much lighter, designed to warm me up. Not tonight, the first strike was really hard and made me yelp with both the sting and the surprise of it. Five more followed, just as hard as the first, and the final one brought tears to my eyes, but then they stopped. This puzzled me for a moment as I usually got more than that. Then I realised that the rest were to come from Marie.

Hers weren't as hard as the first six but she certainly didn't hold back, especially the last one which started the tears again. But Mistress had not finished with me yet. I was to receive another four from each of them. It was the heavier flogger this time and Mistress did not spare her arm. Neither did Marie when it came to her turn. By now I was crying freely, and I had given up caring except for Marie's last stroke which strayed low and found untouched ground on the back of my thighs. I yelled out loud and then slumped in my restraints. At least that was over.

But not for long. I had no chance to recover before Marie was told to turn me round. I was to be the subject of more demonstrations for her benefit. My ankles and then my wrists were freed, and I nearly fell to the floor, but I was roughly pushed round and thrust back against the cross. The hard wood of the cross felt harsh against my bruised bottom. I was astonished that Marie had ditched her dress and it lay in a crumpled heap on the floor, but I had to admit she looked very sexy in just her tiny thong. It was either still very wet from before or she was getting aroused all over again. As she re-fixed my wrists I tried to plead silently with her, but she just ignored me. To be fair there was a little more slack in the ropes than before and there was less strain on my arms even when my ankles had been spread wide.

Mistress came back over carrying a tray full of various things. Of course, I knew what they were having been played with many times before and I knew that a lot of them meant even more misery for me.

"You realise now why it was important for you to experience the flogger before I let you use it," she said as she put the tray down.

"Yes, Agnes, I appreciate that now. Thank you."

It still came as a shock to hear Mistress referred to by her proper name. Occasionally, if we ventured out together, I had to force myself to remember to do the same in public, but it always felt awkward and wrong. Mistress turned back to face us holding up her hand with one finger extended. Draped over her finger was a thin chain with a pair of butterfly clips dangling from the ends. My heart sank. I hated those fucking things!

**

Mistress Agnes.

So far, I'd been very pleased with Marie's attitude and eagerness. My idea to get her to strip off her dress was brilliant as she looked lovely without it. I wasn't sure, but I thought I could detect signs of arousal already soaking the tiny protection of her thong. I picked up the pair of clamps with the chain between them and held them out.

"I'm sure you know what these are from all your research."

"Nipple clamps?" she ventured, a little unsure of herself.

"Nipples and possibly other places. But, yes, you are right they are clamps." I paused while fixing Marie with a stern look. "But they are not to be used lightly. You have tasted the bite of the flogger and I think you should try these before applying them to Sherri."

The smile vanished from Marie's face when I said that, but I ignored it. I took one of the clamps in my left hand and reached for her right breast with the other. It was small and topped by a small nipple that I had to pinch hard a couple of times to get it to stiffen. Then I squeezed the clamp open and applied it, letting it close slowly and tighten on her. To her credit she stayed silent and I could see her struggling to keep her hands at her sides and stop them instinctively reaching up to relieve the pain. Not giving her too much time to think I repeated the process with her other nipple and stood back to admire her. She was biting her lips and she was panting for breath as she struggled to keep control. 

"An interesting sensation is it not?" I ventured.

She nodded in response, her face tense with concentration. I took hold of the chain that joined them.

"This is useful as well, to lift up," and pulled her onto her toes, "or down," and I forced her to bend forward, "or to lead someone and they have no choice but to follow," and I led her round in a little circle. I glanced at the amazed look on Sherri's face as Marie had no choice but to follow my every lead and I smiled at her. She knew that it would be her turn soon.

"The clever design means that the harder you pull the tighter they get. Its genius, don't you think?"

Her pretty face was distorted with pain, but she managed to nod her head. 

"The really clever part ..." I explained to her, "is that not only do they hurt when they go on they also hurt when they come off."

Without giving her time to work that out I reached forward and grabbed a clamp in each hand and squeezed. They released immediately, and her hands flew up to comfort her poor nipples. I gave her a little time to recover before handing the chain and clamps to her.

"Now you know what they feel like I think I can trust you to put them on Sherri."

She took them nervously and turned to face the woman strapped to the cross.

"You may have to tease her nipples a little beforehand to make them grow good and stiff," I advised her.

Suddenly she seemed back on more familiar ground. Sherri had told me that Marie enjoyed playing with her nipples during their sessions together at work and now Marie grinned as she pinched and tugged at Sherri's breasts. It was something I knew that Sherri enjoyed although I think she hated the clamps. Still, there was nothing she could do about it. When she was ready she squeezed Sherri's right breast until the nipple stood out and then she clipped on the first clamp. Sherri made a sound half way between a squeal and a moan. Marie tugged at the chain to see how secure it was, and Sherri winced. She attached the other clamp to her left nipple and stood back admiring her work. I picked up a fishing weight that I'd bought, along with several others, on a whim one day. I was very glad that I'd done so as they'd proved very useful. I weighed it in my hand, about 2 ounces I guessed, by no means the biggest in my collection but it would do for today. I passed it to Marie who looked at it sitting in the palm of her hand. 

"The chain can also be used to hang weights from," I explained to her and she needed no more prompting. One end of the weight had a plastic covered metal hook that simply went over the chain. As she let go of the weight, Sherri's breasts were pulled down and she gasped. Marie stood back to admire her handiwork and I went and stood beside her.

"Pleased with the effect?" I asked her.

"I think she looks lovely," she replied.

As we stood side by side I reached across and stroked her bottom. She responded by swaying slightly towards me until her hip touched mine. I let her thong guide my finger between her cheeks until I found the base of her plug. I jiggled it from side to side and then pushed at it a couple of times. The pressure of her hip against mine grew stronger. I reached further and found her pussy. She was soaked, and I felt her knees begin to buckle as I moved her thong to one side and slipped a finger inside her.

"I think my little protegee has become excited. Have you enjoyed yourself so far?" I asked her.

"Oh, fuck, yes," she replied, squirming under my touch, "I haven't had so much fun for ages."

"Even experiencing the flogger for the first time as well as the nipple clamps?"

"Yeah, even those were oddly fun."

"And this little beauty?" I asked her, sliding my finger out of her pussy and pressing it against her butt plug.

"Now I've gotten used to it, if anything that was the best bit." And she wiggled her bottom against my hand. "Apart from playing with Sherri, of course, that was the best fun of all."

"And do you think Sherri has had fun?" I asked, curious to know how she'd answer.

She thought a while and then said, "I think if we asked her she'd say 'no' but secretly she'd be thinking 'yes'."

"The next big question is ... does she deserve an orgasm?" I asked.

"Well, she hasn't had one for ages, so she must be climbing the walls by now and that dinner she cooked deserves at least one. And, she's had to put up with me and my fumbling attempts."

"I think you're right, but first she isn't wearing her plug. So, first to the horse and then she can sit on the chair." I felt cheered. Marie's answers had pleased me, and I had a couple more tasks for her before Sherri got her reward.

I picked up the tray and took it back to the cupboard. By now Marie knew what she had to do, and she unshackled Sherri from the cross. Her legs had recovered, and she was in no danger of collapsing this time. I watched as Marie took hold of the chain and gave it a tug forcing Sherri to follow her across to the horse.

"Bend over it, girl," I ordered her, "and make sure that weight is swinging freely." 

She lifted it up as she bent over and then released it as gently as she could on the far side.

"And you as well, Marie," I ordered again.

I waited while she looked at me with a puzzled expression but eventually she walked to the horse and bent over it. I took a moment to admire the pair of pretty bottoms before me, one plugged and slightly pink, the other empty but a much brighter shade. Things had worked out well tonight.

**

Marie.

The nipple clamps hurt like hell, but I thought I coped with them fairly well as I didn't shout out or start crying although I wanted to do both. She pulled me this way and that and made me walk in a circle round the room. It was a bit humiliating in front of Sherri as I was trying to assert my authority over her. And Agnes was right about one thing, they hurt just as much coming off! By instinct my hands flew up and covered my tits, but the relief was short-lived as Agnes passed me the chain with the clamps. It was my turn to attach them to Sherri.

To balance out that she had watched me being paraded round the room I wasn't gentle when I pulled and pinched at her nipples. I knew from our sessions at work that they could grow quite a lot and stiffen up nicely. I'd enjoyed playing with them then and I was enjoying it now. I wrapped my hand round one of her small tits and squeezed hard. It swelled outwards and the nipple stood proud. I put it between the jaws of the clamp and let go. It immediately tightened. I tugged at the chain to make sure it was secure, and I saw Sherri wince. I grinned at her and she looked away. I grabbed her other tit and made that nipple hard as well before clamping it tight. I lifted the chain and watched as her eyes followed my movements.
