 Janet Crawford walked into the casting office full of confidence…but as she looked around the room at the other women, it faltered. Sure she had beauty and poise that got her the interview, but now she wondered if she would get the job.

Not just a job, but also the job of her dreams. She was here to audition for a part in a new triple x movie. It was something that she had wanted to do since she could remember. There was something about knowing your being video taped that turned her on, and every time she thought about it she could feel her clit begin to tingle.

But now that she was in this room with all these other beautiful women, she had to wonder if she really had what it takes. All of these girls had one thing she didn't…experience in the business. She had even seen some of there work, and knew that they were good at what they do.

Janet sat in one of the plush chairs and crossed her long legs. She had carefully chosen what she would wear to this interview, and in the end she decided on a tight short blue skirt and a white see thru blouse with a white lacy bra underneath. The white had set off her bronze tan, and jet-black hair, which she let hang loosely down her back.

Then she had carefully put on very little make up. Just a touch of eyeliner to bring out her baby blues, and red lipstick that made her full lips beg to be kissed.

"Hi there" the girl on Janet's right said, "you must be new. I have never seen you at one of these things before."

"Yes I am. And I'm also a bit nervous." Janet replied as she smiled. 

"Oh don't even worry about that. It's Porsha who is doing the interviews, and she is like a pussy cat if she likes you." The girl said, and then began to look Janet over. "And I can see no reason why she would not like you."

Janet smiled back at the girl, and before she could thank her, a woman came out of the office to call in the next girl.

"Ci Ci, your next." The woman said, and then turned and went back into the office.

"Well that's me." The girl sitting next to Janet said. As she walked across the lobby, she turned back to Janet. "What's your name, by the way?"

"Janet Crawford."

With that Ci Ci went into the office, and Janet picked up a magazine from the coffee table. Maybe she did have a chance. The way that Ci Ci had looked at her, made her tingle. She had never been with a woman before, but knew that in this business you had to be open to almost anything.

Janet thought about Ci Ci's green eyes, and her soft looking lips. The way her tiny hips had swayed as she walked towards the office, and the way her shirt had clung to her chest. 

Janet shook her head. She was just about to go into an interview; the last thing she needed to be doing was getting herself all hot and bothered. How would she feel knowing that everyone else in the room would be able to tell what she had been thinking?

"Janet Crawford?" The woman who had come to get Ci Ci was standing in front of her.

"Yes?" Janet said. She could feel herself begin to blush. 'Oh stop it' she thought, 'its not like she can read your mind'.

"They are ready for you now." The woman led Janet to the office, and once she was inside the woman went back into the lobby and closed the door. Janet could hear her tell the rest of the women that they would be doing no more interviews that day.

Janet looked around the office, and couldn't believe her eyes. She had always heard that there was big money in the sex trade, but this office had to be bigger than her entire apartment.

"Janet, please come and sit down." A woman from the other side of the room said. She was sitting behind a desk, and besides looking a little dishelved she was quite pretty. Her blonde hair was pulled away from her face by a fancy headband, and the look in her blue green eyes was amazing.

"My name is Porsha, and I am in charge of the casting for this project." The woman said as Janet took a seat across the desk. "Now tell me, do you have any experience?"

"No, I have never done this kind of thing before; however, it is something that I am very interested in. I believe that along the way I have learned enough to get me started, and anything that I don't know I can pick up along the way." Janet said as she crossed her legs. She was still tuned on from the train of thoughts she was having in the lobby, and the more she looked at Porsha, the hotter she was getting.

Porsha was sitting with almost a drugged look in her eyes, and as Janet began to look more closely she could see that Porsha was slightly sweating, and breathing heavily. Also her blouse looked as if it was recently rumpled.

"Are you OK Porsha, you look a little…warm." Janet said, suddenly feeling a little uncomfortable. What if this woman was stoned? Janet didn't want any part in that.

"You know, Ci Ci told me that she talked to you in the lobby, and as she was describing you, I began to get horny." Porsha said, as she began to massage one of her nipples through her blouse, and smiling at Janet. "So, Ci Ci is currently under the desk, doing me a favor."

Janet sat there stunned, not sure what to do or say. She sat watching as Porsha close her eyes, and as she began to moan Janet noticed her own hand rubbing her inner thigh. She could feel her clit tingling in a way it never had, and her nipples where pushing hard against the fabric of her bra.

Janet could now see Ci Ci's head begin to come up from the desk, and slowly move over Porsha's torso, up her neck, and then the two women embraced in a passion filled kiss.

As the kiss broke, the two women rose and headed towards a door in the back of the office. Janet sat there not sure what to do until Ci Ci waved at her to go with them.

Janet stood on legs that were now starting to feel rubbery, and walked into the back room. She couldn't believe that she was doing this, but it was something that she wanted, so she had to make herself just go with her instinct.

The back room turned out to be a bedroom with one of the largest beds Janet had ever seen, there was music playing in the background, and a bar in one corner. There were large decorative pillows on the floor and three closed cabinets. Porsha and Ci Ci lead Janet to the bed and lay her down between them.

As Porsha began to kiss her, Janet could feel things she had never experienced with just a mere kiss. Porsha's lips were soft and smooth, and when their tongue's touched, Janet felt a shiver go through her entire body.

Janet could feel Ci Ci unbuttoning her blouse, and then her lips on torso. Ci Ci was slowly tracing circles with her tongue, slowly discovering Janet's body. 

Porsha broke the kiss and stood up. Janet watched as she took off her clothes, and then dragged over a chair.

"Janet, I want you to consider this your audition." Porsha said as she sat down "If you can make me so hot, I can't stand it, then you will co-star with Ci Ci. However, if you bore me, then you will never work in this business."

"Wow, no pressure there." Janet said half jokingly.

"Well, once you get on a set it is nothing but pressure. I need to know if you can still get off with other people in the room." Porsha replied.

"Enough talk." Ci Ci said as she kissed Janet's ear.

"I want you to know that I have never been with a woman before, so I am really not sure what I am doing." Janet said. She was really nervous, and Porsha had just put a lot of pressure on her.

"Don't worry honey. All you need to do to me is exactly what you like to have done to yourself." Ci Ci said just before embracing Janet.

The two women lay on the bed, kissing and Ci Ci slowly removed Janet's blouse. Slowly she kissed down her neck, to Janet's large chest, and began to lick and suck at her nipples through her bra. Janet moaned and began to run her fingers through Ci Ci's hair.

Ci Ci stood up and took off all of her clothes. She was a small girl, but she had a nice body. She had average sized tits with perky pink nipples, and the rest of her skin looked like cream. There was a small tattoo in the shape of a hart on her right hip, and then your eyes were dragged to the small patch of red hair that lay between her thighs.

"Take off the rest of your clothes. I want to see you." Ci Ci said in a husky voice as she walked over to one of the cabinets. When she opened it, Janet could see that it was full of sex toys, and Ci Ci was picking a few of them out.

Janet stood and removed her bra, skirt and panties. She stood naked in the middle of the room until Ci Ci came over to her.

"Very nice." Ci Ci said and then kissed Janet again. Janet allowed her hands to wander over to Ci Ci's breasts. The skin was softer than it looked, and her hard nipples felt good in Janet's hand.

While they were kissing, Ci Ci was backing Janet over to the bed, and when they got there, she was lowered to the bed. Janet lay down so that her legs were draped over the side, and her feet were on the floor. Ci Ci knelt between her legs, and began to kiss and suck on Janet's breast.

Ci Ci's fingers traced down Janet's stomach, and into her pubic hair. Janet moaned under the softness of Ci Ci's touch, and almost gasped when Ci Ci's hand was above her clit working wonders.

Then Janet could feel Ci Ci's finger slip inside of her, and as the finger moved in and out, Ci Ci's thumb slowly worked her clit in circles. Slowly tracing her way down, Ci Ci's tongue took the place of her thumb.

She began to lick and suck at Janet's clit, while she fingered her. Janet moved her hands to her breasts and began to play with her nipples while having herself pleasured. She kept looking down at Ci Ci watching as her tongue moved over her nub in amazement.

She could not believe how hot Ci Ci looked. Her eyes were closed, and her lips moved over Janet's clit with an experience Janet had never felt before. At the same time her finger was moving in and out in slow and soft movements.

Just as Janet thought she would not be able to stand it any longer, Ci Ci pulled her lips away, and moved herself so they were in the 69 position. Janet hesitantly began to touch Ci Ci. First with her fingers, moving in slow soft circles around Ci Ci's clit. When she heard Ci Ci let out a soft moan from around her own clit, it sent a shiver up her spine.

Janet extended her tongue and took her first taste of Ci Ci. She began sucking at the other girl's clit with an enthusiasm she had never felt before. Everything that Janet was doing to Ci Ci, she did the same. As both girls lay moaning and squirming in each other's mouth, Janet began to feel the sensations of an orgasm coming on.

It was as though Ci Ci could sense this, and she began to lick harder and faster. Janet threw her head back and allowed the waves of pleasure overtake her. Her body tensed, and in one incredible rush, released.

Ci Ci slowed down her licking to take Janet through the last of her orgasm. When Janet's moans subsided a little, Ci Ci turn around and the two began kissing and rubbing there body's on one another.

"That was amazing." Porsha said from her chair. As Janet looked over at her, she was pleased to see that Porsha had begun to play with herself.

Porsha stood and walked over to the bed, she took the fingers she had used on herself, and put them in front of Janet's mouth. Janet licked at them eagerly, while Ci Ci reached out and began to play with Porsha's nipples.

Porsha grabbed a double-headed dildo that Ci Ci had brought out of one of the toy chests, and arranged herself so that she and Ci Ci had it inside of themselves. As the two women began to move and moan with pleasure, Janet was not sure what her role should be now.

Although she had just finished having an incredible orgasm of her own, she was still very hot and wanted to feel a dick inside of herself now more than she ever had. She moved and began kissing Porsha, while her hand moved from Porsha's clit to Ci Ci's. Feeling both women as they got fucked, and helping to move the dildo faster and harder.

Soon both the women were in the throws of an orgasm, and Janet thought they looked extremely sexy. Ci Ci was rubbing her clit furiously, while Porsha concentrated on having the dildo move within her.

As the two women slowed down, they all began kissing and touching each other again. Porsha got up and put on a strap on dildo. Ci Ci moved Janet so her back was against Ci Ci's chest, and then Porsha moved in between Janet's legs.

Just before the dildo entered Janet, Porsha said, "You got the job." She pushed the dildo into Janet and began to move overtop of her.

Janet didn't know how long this love circle was going to go on, and she didn't care. All she cared about as she let herself slip into ecstasy was that she had made it.