 I had a trip planned to go with my girlfriend Anna to NYC and stay for 2 weeks on September 10th.

We were both very anxious to go there, because all our lives we heard people praising that wonderful, Eclectic City, and we never got to go, although we live so close by. See, my friend and I are both Jersey girls, and being so, you'd think we'd get to travel to NYC from time to time. It IS just a tunnel away. But, my parents, and hers even worse were very scared of the idea of a couple of girls running around those streets you keep hearing bad news about. So, we were still New York virgins till my 18th birthday (Anna was six months but something told me she wouldn't get to go either).

Finally, after days and weeks of begging and promising to have a complete day-plan submitted for approval, my parents gave in, and agreed to let us go for a 2 week trip! I was out of myself, until I realized Anna's parents are going to have to agree too, and after all I put my parents through just for their approval, I couldn't possibly ask them for help in convincing Anna's folks. Amazingly, as soon as the franks heard my parents agreed, they softened and let their daughter travel with me if only we'll give them a schedule beforehand.

By early September we both could hardly wait, and were done planning. We worked our asses off this summer for that trip, and since we both managed to do pretty well in our finals of high school, we were pretty certain nothing could stop our good times ahead.

Our original plan was to go on the 10th, rest the night in the hotel we booked, and start the day off early by going to the more "touristic" places. We thought a good place to start was probably the world trade center (Anna was going to business school next year, btw) and then, a stroll around the area, some shopping and a good place to have lunch. We headed off as planned, on time, and the minute we stood on NYC ground, we felt the energy of the place. True, it wasn't the shiniest of nicest neighborhoods this HUGE city had to offer, but we were just happy to be on our joined vacation already. Pretty reasonable, I think, given all the effort we put to it.

We slept very well (I always sleep well when I'm exhausted from excitement) and were ready to leave the hotel room by 20 to 7 am, when suddenly, I noticed Anna was just sitting on her bed, all dressed and ready, but not moving. "What's the matter, Anna?"

"I don't feel like going," she said in a very weird tone. Not complaining one, but more like a firm decision. "Why? That's where our fun day's going to begin, we talked about it for weeks, remember?"

"Do what you like. I'm not going" her tone was as self-assured as I have ever heard her speak. "Well, I can't go now! What, am I going to do our fun day alone?" I asked, and I admit it was in a tone a little more angry than I ever use. "I'm really sorry Jen, but I just don't feel good, okay? I'm kinda sick to my stomach, and I just feel bad about leaving our room now. You KNOW I'd never stop you from having a good time unless it's really something big. Well, this is big."

I had no idea how to answer that. Infact, I hardly recognized my best friend sitting just 3 feet away from me. I love her spirit, and I love being with her, but this was really unlike her, and a real bummer. "Well" I said, trying to appear as supportive as possible, "If you don't feel comfortable, I guess we'll just have to go there another time"

We just sat in silence for a few minutes. I felt like I should ask her more about this, but she seemed so distant right then.

"I'm really sorry about this" she finally blurred out, in the most 'I feel bad about this, but I don't regret it' kinda way. "It's okay I guess. You wanna just stay here, or go somewhere else?"

"Actually, I don't really feel like leaving the room" she sounded so scared saying that. Anna was ANYTHING but a scared person. No matter what challenges life had to offer, Anna was always the first to jump into the water. She was the first of all our friends to have something pierced, the first to get seriously drunk, and the first to have sex. Not only that, it was with someone she met at a party, not a boyfriend like most girls we knew. I myself always envied her fearlessness, and here she is, on the bed, almost paralyzed.

"Would you please come here and hold me? Please, I really feel bad right now..." she didn't look at me while she spoke, but I could guess what her eyes would probably look like right then. I came over quickly to her bed, and held her. She grabbed me tight, and I stroked her hair. We stayed that way for about two, maybe three hours. I couldn't believe how fast the time flew by while we were in that bizarre trance, but after those two hours she got up to go to the bathroom. "Are you feeling better?" I asked when she came back. "Yes, thank you" she said and smiled at me through her face that was still a little stuck in the frozen stare she kept all that time. I opened the shut curtain, which was left shut from the night before, and got very scared very quickly. It seemed like ash and a TON of dirt just floating in the air replaced the entire atmosphere. I couldn't see 4 feet outside the window, not the mention the sidewalk. I decided not to even try and open the window. Terrified, I asked Anna to turn on the TV. More relaxed, she obliged without questioning, and we got a clearer idea of what is happening all around us. I'm sure you all know what was happening on September 11th in NYC. We were scared to move a muscle; not sure if it's safe to go outside the room, but on the other hand not sure how safe it was to stay inside. Now it was my turn to panic. "How can you be so calm, Anna? We can die here today!" I nervously asked my friend after noticing the unbelievably relaxed mood she was in. "I know we can" Was all she said. That one just drove me off.

"What?! What is wrong with you?! First you act all psycho, then, at the face of this..." I couldn't really find the words .."horrible 'thing' going on around us, you sit, so apathetic that I could kill you?" just then I realized, that if we would go to the WTC as planned, we would probably be dead right now. Anna's weird panic attack probably saved our lives. I looked at her, realizing this, and all I could think of is how to find the words to express how sorry and grateful I am. She gave me a look, almost the opposite of her 'panic' look, and faced the TV screen again.

"I'm so..." I tried. "Come sit next to me" she suggested. I sat down. I couldn't really understand what was going on, both outside, and in our room, but being near Anna made me feel somewhat protected. Just when I was thinking I couldn't have picked better company for this moment she said: "I love you."

I started crying. She didn't even look at me, and just started petting my head and stroking my hair. I soon cried myself to sleep.

Being so emotionally charged, I couldn't help but dream. In my dream, I saw myself on top of the world trade center's northern tower, and my entire family was on the other tower. Although I couldn't really see them, I knew it was them. Then, their tower collapsed, and disappeared off the face of the earth. Instead, appeared a huge slide, which I suddenly noticed was connected to my tower. Running after my family, I ran to the slide, hoping to find them at the bottom. Just before starting to slide down, Anna grabbed my shoulder and said: "not this one. THAT one." She pointed out ANOTHER slide I hadn't seen before, only this one was going upward, into the sunny sky. Anna took my hand and we both sat on the slide and slid upwards, when Anna suddenly disappeared and I noticed the slide is really a spiral leading to the sun. Then, I woke up.

Anna was still holding me and stroking my hair when I woke up. "what time is it?" I asked, still a little dozed. "it's quarter to three" she said, still calmly staring at the frightening pictures on the television screen. "they still don't say much" she added. We watched TV for about 2 more hours, just like that, in the same position I woke up in.

Around five p.m. she closed the set. "I dreamt of you" I told her, looking up. "Oh, yeah? When was that?" she asked, with a little hidden smile on her face. She liked hearing things like that. "A few hours ago. When I fell asleep."

"Really? And what did I do in that dream of yours?" she seemed so pleased with her presence in my subconscious. "Ummm... kinda hard to explain... I don't really remember, actually." She let go of me, and lay on her side, facing me, just a feet or two away. "Was it anything.. sexy?" she asked, without a hint of blush on her face. I was shocked. "What? What do you mean? Were you having sex with someone in my dream?" I tried to avoid the obvious. "No... were you having sex with me in your dream?"

"NO! What is with you today? You're acting so unlike yourself all day long!" I got a little angry with her, but regretted my words the second they left my mouth. "Relax, Jennifer. I was just asking about your dream. You know it's a hobby of mine. The whole dream psychology stuff. Even if you did dream of having sex with me, it doesn't necessarily mean that you WANT to have sex with me. Don't be so nervous. Besides, I don't think I'm that bad." Her confidence was overwhelming sometimes. "No, no, that's not what I meant at all! I think you're a great person and I love you and.."

"I love you too." She cut me off. I hate being cut off in the middle of a sentence. "It's just that.." I tried to make sense, though I knew I would probably fail, "I'm very confused. I can't really get what's going on out there, and how you've been acting is weird enough to drive me nuts on it's own, and when I think about what our parents must be thinking now.." I started crying, very silently. I didn't feel like finishing the sentence. Anna pulled herself closer to me, and hugged me. One hand around the arm, the other closer to the waist. Anna is about 5 inches taller than me, so I naturally lay my head just beneath her neck. "I knew this is really hard for you, honey. But we're both here, in this room, and you should forget about the rest of the world for now. You can't do anything about it. You heard the TV guys- we can't call home yet. But I am here with you. And I'll try to make it as easier for you, like you made it for me." My mouth was facing her collarbone, but she could still hear me. "I'm not sure you understand. I feel very much detached. I'm not from here. I should be home now. All the people I know back home think we're dead. I can't get out, I can't make contact with anyone.. I feel like I've lost my place in the world."

"Do you FEEL like you're dead?"

"No, I know I'm here and alive, but, I just feel like I don't belong in here. I need to feel I have a place here." She looked down at me, and so I looked up at her, with watery eyes. "You do have a place. You're right here in my arms." She said, and kissed my forehead.

The touch of her lips on my forehead was just adding to my confusion. I felt a little like this day was way too intense for me to handle, and it just got even more intense. " Why did you do that?" I asked her. "To make you feel wanted and loved" she answered, so quickly, as if she knew I would ask. "It felt good" I said. She kissed me again. This time she lingered longer before leaving my forehead. "that felt better" I whispered. I kissed her collarbone. Just to try and make her feel as good as she made me. She made a small 'mmmm' sound, and I could hear it only by vibration of her skin by the neck. When I let go of her neck, she raised my head and said, looking into my eyes, "I feel like I really need to be loved right now. Just like you said. Would you love me, Jenni?." I felt very detached from my body. It was as though I was above myself, and her waiting eyes weren't directed at me, but on the body below. Suddenly the body closed its eyes, and pushed its lips over Anna's lips. I could feel her hands on my back and waist, her legs next to my legs, her entire upper front body, covered by a long T shirt, pressed against my sleeveless shirted body, and mostly, her lips pressing against mine. At first, we just stayed that way, not moving a muscle, letting our joined heat keep us warm. Then Anna's tongue started pushing through her lips, entering through mine, into my mouth. I just let her tongue move in the opening of my mouth a little while, till she moved further and licked the edge of my own tongue. I opened my eyes, get quickly up and left her embrace, and stood up on the floor next to her, saying nothing.

Her tongue was still sticking out of her mouth as she opened her eyes and looked at me. "I'm not...." I couldn't really communicate right then. She stood up. "I need you" she said, in the same self assured tone as this morning. "Don't need me. I'm not the right girl for that kind of-"

"I want you" she said. Cutting me off again. "I need to feel you touching me" she kept stepping forward with the smallest steps. "You have the wrong idea, Anna. I'm not into that kind of stuff" I tried my best, though it seemed like I was fighting for the sake of fighting alone. I really needed her too. I couldn't really explain any of it. Like I said, I was very confused. "I don't think it's the right thing for us" I tried reasoning with her. "What you think-" she said, while stepping right next to me, "doesn't matter."

As she said that I became a different person, realizing how silly it was to think about this like I was. I felt dead again, but this time in the sense of liberation from the restrictions of the world and my own life. I kissed her passionately, like trying to catch up to her own passion.

Before 2 minutes have passed, we were on the floor again, tearing clothes off each other, just rubbing flesh onto flesh. I felt like I was the only life left, and I was clinging to her like she was the only thing as alive as I am. Being so swept by this exhilarating emotional state, I let her guide me through this. She removed my bra easily, licking around my chest, leaving warm stripes of saliva all over my welcoming skin. Then, 10 times as much attention to my nipples. Usually, when my nipples are erect, I can feel it quite easily, but this time, I didn't notice it until the left one was in her mouth. I stopped all that I was doing, and just laid back and enjoyed that moment for as long as it lasted. 

As she rained me with her ensemble of licking, sucking and flicking of both my nipples, I felt her hand reach down beyond my lower belly. Her hand sled slowly, so, in effort to help her as much as I can, I quickly raised my legs and took my undies off. I'm pretty sure she noticed, but she acted like she didn't as she just kept sliding her hand down very slowly. By the time she got to my lips, I was already rather moist, from all her nipple stimulations. I could feel her smiling against my right nipple as she touched my inner moisture and realized how much my body was ready for her. She raised her head and said, "why Jennifer, I didn't know that's how you feel about-" I cut her off by taking her head from the back, and pushing it hard against my breast. No one likes a job half done. 

She continued sucking, and rubbing my clit now. Slower, than faster. I felt myself getting closer to cumming, and I'm not sure if she noticed it too, but she inserted two fingers, slightly curled into my opening, while still rubbing my clit with the other hand. I couldn't take any more of this. My lower back arched, and I felt my pelvis would surely leave the ground, but her hands holding me down, still rubbing, made sure that's not going to happen. Again, I sort of felt myself rise above my body, for my orgasm was too intense. I have never felt, or dreamt of feeling anything this powerful. I knew it couldn't have been just physical, and must be related to the emotional state I was in, but I much preferred not thinking about that at all, and just going through the convulsions, heavy breathing and finally, cooling down, very slowly, as I was.

"Oh my god, Anna" was all I could say after several minutes of just laying there, cooling off, while she was kissing me all over. "Did you know that was going to happen?" I asked her. "Honestly? I thought about it sometimes, and I hoped it would."

"I'm so glad I'm with you now, and not anywhere else" I said while smiling at her. "I'm so glad you came in my hand" she said, smiling wildly. "I love you so much, Anna" I said, overwhelmed by how easy and natural it suddenly became saying, "are we ever going to leave this room?" she smiled, stroked my hair, and answered "no."