 "Mmmm, just like that, sweetie, oh yeah, just....like....that," I whispered into his ear as he was slowly, but ever so nicely, fucking me.

My fingernails were raking down his back, leaving claw marks I was sure, but, at that moment, didn't really care. Reaching to his firm butt-cheeks, I dug my nails deep into his flesh and pulled him towards me as I rose to meet his thrusts, our bodies moving faster and faster,

"Mmmm, Mmmm, if you fucking stop, I'll fucking kill you," I heard my voice saying, my climax just about ready to pop. His cock seem to stiffen even more so, filling me, stretching my cunt to the max, as our pubic bones slammed together in our quest for release and satisfaction.

"Ahhhh, shit!" he cried when he could hold back no longer; retaining my finger-grip of his ass, I kept humping, as his cock emptied itself into the condom, and was rewarded with a small, but, satisfying orgasm. 

He collapsed on top of me and as I hugged him to my body, I gave my hips a few more rotations which was all it took for me to pop off another little satisfier. I couldn't really complain; Stevie-boy held off an awfully long time to let me grab those first three monster orgasms, so these last little 'poppers' were just icing on the cake.

The thing is, my orgasms with him were peppered with mind-flashes of Marge and me humping each other that night, a few weeks ago.

"So, I guess you'll be leaving and not spending the night, as usual?" Steve said as he passed a joint to me.

"If it's not broke, why fix it?" I replied, smart-assed as usual, for me.

"You keep doing this, and I'm going to feel like a used slut," he said back to me.

"And well you should," I told him as I rolled off of him, and off of the bed to head for his shower.

"I'll be out in a bit," I said with a little wave over my shoulder as his eyes followed my ass into his bathroom.

"When do I see you again? Whenever you get horny, I suppose?" Steve said as I was about to step through his door and leave.

"I suppose; why, is that a problem for you?" I asked with my hand on the doorknob.

He chuckled, shaking his head, before he said, "It really is only on your terms, isn't it?"

"You knew that when we started fucking, Steve; I told you then, it's about the sex, nothing more and if that no longer works for you, tell me, and we'll go our separate ways," I said with a firmness that I meant.

Chuckling again, he smiled, saying, "Call me, Trish."

Smiling back, I left.

 **** **** **** ****