 "Don't steal me blind while I'm gone, Jon; I'll cut your fucking balls off if you do," I cheerily said in way of a goodbye. 

Jon knew I was teasing, well, sort of anyway. I trusted Jon to run my business when I was away, or off; if he was stealing from me, I damned sure couldn't find it and believe me, I look, I always look. Over the years, I've caught a few thieves working for me and took appropriate action. With Jon, though, there's never been a problem in five years...and that's a good thing.

I was off on my yearly sabbatical; me, myself and I. I did this every year, during the summer, before football season began which was busy for bars. The difference this year was that I was doing it with new wheels.

My vintage Saab finally gave up the ghost, and while I could've repaired it, that would only have prolonged the inevitable. I gave the Saab to my mechanic, for him to salvage whatever parts could still be used for his business, which was a vintage European car repair shop. He's saved my ass a lot over the years and besides, he's a nice guy.

I treated myself to a new BMW sport sedan, loaded with all the goodies, and was about to take my first road trip in it. My target this year was the wine region of New York State and had set aside 2 weeks for the trip. The thing is, I could, and have in the past, change my mind on a whim, and go somewhere else. It's good to have a destination but it's also good to be flexible.

My friend, and lover, Marge was longing to go with me but her schedule simply wouldn't allow it. Since meeting Marge, I've been perfectly happy dilly-dallying in girly-land for my sexual release and she has been my most frequent playmate. Marge really liked threesomes and I must say that they have become a favorite pastime of mine, as well.

So it was with all of this on my mind that I left my bar to go home to pack, and to get a good night's sleep before I took off in the morning. 

Well, if the road to hell is paved with good intentions, then I added another brick to the road.

 ***** ****