 "For God's sake, T, quit finding excuses to not take the weekend off," Jon said to Trish as they were closing down the bar on Thursday night, "We've got it; we have it covered; the world will continue to spin on its axis if you take a weekend off," laughing at his boss, and, friend.

"Yeah, I know it will, smartass, but..." Trish responded to Jon as she began the cash count for the night.

"But, my ass," Jon retorted, "There's no reason not to enjoy the fruit of your labors."

"Well...if you're sure..." Trish finally said, knowing that Jon was absolutely right. She's worked her ass off for the past fifteen years, building her business, securing a really good income for herself, and her employees, and in all that time, she's taken exactly eighteen days off. So, yeah, she'll take the weekend off and spend it with her girls...

Her girls. Jil and Ellie. Oh yes, Ellie, she was definitely Trish's girl, now, but not in a clingy way. No, nothing like that at all. Ellie was so much like Trish in most ways that they could have been twins. Ellie, make no mistake about it, was firmly on-board the Sapphic Express and not looking back either.

Trish thought about all of that as she made the night deposit a few blocks away, at her bank. Waving to Jon the 'O.K.' signal (never just one person makes the night drop), she found her way to the interstate and settled in for the twenty minute drive to her home. Trish thought back to the morning after she had sucessfully seduced Ellie...

"Coffee?" Trish asked as she walked from her bathroom, glowing and fresh from her shower, directing the question to Ellie, still in bed, naked and with her face showing the remnants of Trish's pussy juices around her mouth.

"Coffee, yeah, that'd be great," Ellie said, still somewhat groggy from just waking up, "But, I seriously need to shower before I do anything; I smell like pussy," laughing a bit when she said it.

"Can't imagine why," Trish teased, "I mean, it's not like you've been eating pussy or anything like that."

"Yeah, I know," Ellie teased back, "I mean, I did tell you that I've never fucked a woman, didn't I?"

"Yep, that's what you said, but this morning, you can't say that anymore, now can you?" replied Trish, pausing at the door, her eyes on Ellie's gorgeous nakedness as Ellie finally got out of bed.

"No, I can't," Ellie said, somewhat seriously, "and for what its worth, I'm glad that it happened."

"Me too, sugar-britches, me too; now, towels, robe and new toothbrush and whatever else you might need are all laid out. Get a move on and I'll start the coffee," Trish smilingly replied.

Ellie joined Trish in the kitchen a very short time later, her skin pinkish from the hot shower, her hair glistening from being freshly washed.

Over coffee that morning, they rehashed yesterday, last night, and Trish admitted that she had planned on seducing Ellie that evening, that she had been thinking about it almost from the day they met.

"Well, I'm certainly glad you did; that's the most fun I've had without clothes in...well, ever," Ellie replied, she and Trish laughing together at her remark.

Two cups of coffee later, they were back in Trish's bed, locked into a passionate sixty-nine embrace, not leaving the fun and games until the sun had set that evening.

And since that weekend? Their friendship remained as strong as ever, only now, it had a FWB 'status'. Because of their individual work schedules and such, they got together for pure sexual release once or twice a week, sometimes less. Neither were looking for 'love', neither were wanting a long-term-relationship; no, what they had was just perfect for the both of them...

Turning into her driveway, Trish noticed that her deck's ropelights were on, casting a soft glow across the driveway near the garage.

"Don't shoot, Trish, it's just me," Trish heard Ellie's voice say from the hot tub area of her deck.

Walking around and entering the deck from the backyard steps, Trish was greeted by the sight of Ellie, in all her naked glory, lounging in the tub.

"See, I told you not to trust me with your house keys," Ellie teased.

"Better you than some hardleg," Trish joked back.

"Join me?" Ellie asked.

"Yeah, think I will...let me drop off my purse and shit and I'll be out in a jiff," Trish said, asking further, "Want something to drink?"

"Cervasa, chickie," Ellie replied.

Settling into the tub, Trish felt the troubles of the world slip off of her body, from her soul, as the warm, bubbling water caressed her body, her cold beer held above the water.

"So, are we on for this weekend with Ms. Jil?" Ellie asked after Trish settled onto one of the sculpted seats, "Am I finally going to meet this young thing that, according to you, just loves to lick pussy?"

Jil's schedule at the University made weekends with Trish a difficult thing to arrange, but when they could, they did. When, during a phone conversation with Jil, Trish told Jil of her new playmate, Ellie, Jil's response was simply, "Can I play with her, too?"

"Yep, you will; should be a fun weekend, in and out of bed," Trish said, thinking about the planned trip into the mountains for dinner, after picking up Jil at CU, in Boulder, on Friday afternoon.

"Will you have to work?" Ellie asked, moving to sit next to Trish.

"Nope; Jon's got it all handled. I'm free and clear until Monday morning," Trish smilingly replied, leaning her head back to rest on the side of the hot tub, closing her eyes in relaxation.

Feeling Ellie's fingertips softly creeping between her legs, Trish smiled and slightly parted her legs for Ellie's fingers. In the few short weeks that they had been lovers, they discovered that Ellie 'really' liked finger-fucking another woman and that Trish 'really' liked being finger-fucked by Ellie.

Win-Win, one could say.

"I'm really looking forward to this, baby," Ellie said, leaning in and kissing Trish, afterwards.

"Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm really curious about sex with someone new, someone different," Ellie said as she kissed a path towards Trish's tits, the nipples just out of the water.

Opening her eyes and looking at Ellie for a long second or two, Trish asked, "You're really digging this girl-girl thing, aren't you?"

"Worse things in life," Ellie opined before taking Trish's nipple into her sucking mouth and lips.

"Wait until you find yourself checking out other chicks and not guys," Trish said as she placed her hand, softly, on Ellie's head, holding it to her breast.

"Already have," Ellie said between sucks of Trish's nipples, "In fact, I've been thinking about one gal down at work, thinking about asking her over for dinner one night."

"Be careful about the work thing; generally not a good idea," Trish said as she found Ellie's snatch with her searching hand.

"Oh, she doesn't work for my firm; she works down the hall, at another firm. I'm just feeling some 'vibe thing' going on when we're in the elevator, or lunchroom," Ellie replied, opening her legs, feeling Trish's fingers slide deep into her pussy.

"Trish?" Ellie said, her breathing heavier from Trish's excellent fingerwork with Ellie's cunt.

"Yeah, baby," Trish answered, her own breath coming in short gasps as they fingered each other with increasing passion.

"I really need to fuck you right now. Upstairs. In your bed. Right-fucking-now." Ellie gasped.

Well...yeah, of course they did.

***

Friday was Ellie's 'tele-commute-day', working from home, finishing her 'to-do' list around noon. Showering, then choosing something to wear for the jaunt to Boulder to pick up Jil, Ellie fired up a small roach, poured a glass of wine, and sat on her back porch to 'kick-back' and wait for Trish to come home from her bar.

While she chilled out on this crisp Fall day, she thought about 'things', finding clarity when alone with her wine, and with her renewed affair with Mari...Marijauna, lol. No doubt about it, she thought, she was super happy that the 'fates' had brought she and Trish together as neighbors, as friends, and especially, as lovers.

When she and Trish had planned this weekend with Jil, Trish had asked about her feelings about threesomes. Ellie simply said, "I'm game to try it."

What Ellie didn't say was that she had had threesomes before, with her ex and some carefully chosen males. Pressured by her then-husband, it was a failed attempt on Ellie's part to infuse excitement into her failing marriage. Didn't help, the bastard kept cheating on her and finally, Ellie had enough and threw the asshole out of their house and out of her life. Oh well, she thought, water under the bridge and all that...

So, here she was, forty-two, divorced, and finding herself now interested(read-obsessed)in bedding women, not guys, and feeling very much okay with that. In fact, more than 'very much okay'...Truthfully, she thought, she wished that she had discovered girl-girl sex long before now.

Hearing Trish's car drive into the driveway, next door, Ellie smiled a small smile of anticipation, thinking about the weekend ahead...

Trish turned the bar over to Jon at around two that afternoon, drove home, showered, and by four, she and Ellie were wending their way through the campus streets to Jil's dorm.

Jil was sitting on a bench under a leafless tree, enjoying the sunshine on this nippy day, reading a book while she waited. Looking up, she saw Trish's car approaching, and grabbing her backpack with her weekend's needs, smilingly walked to the curb.

Quick intros were made and despite Jil's protests, Ellie took the back seat so that Jil could ride up front.

"I'm taking the scenic route," Trish declared to them both, "should be a gorgeous day for that."

"Where are we going?" Ellie asked.

"Up to Estes Park for some great food and drink at a friend's place," Trish replied as she found the road and started the climb into the foothills for the drive. Fishing into her purse, she produced a fat-boy doobie, asking first, if Jil was still able to smoke.

"Oh yeah, I won't have to take a UA until after the first of the year. This will be my last weekend to smoke before I start the cleansing process," Jil answered before taking a toke, then passing it to Ellie, in the back of the car.

"And if you flunk the UA?" Ellie asked Jil after she'd taken a hit.

"Won't happen, I'm too careful when on campus. Really, I don't smoke a lot unless I'm around Trish," Jil laughingly replied.

"She does have a way of corrupting, doesn't she?" Ellie joked back with Jil.

"Yeah, well, fuck both of you broads," Trish commented, "I don't remember having to hold a gun to either one of you to do a damn thing," laughing after she said it.

Hesitating a beat, Ellie looked at Jil and replied, "Well, when the bitch is right, the bitch is right." chuckling a bit as she said it.

"Can't argue about that," Jil agreed.

The drive to Estes was uneventful, the mood in the car cheerful, the sounds of conversation between Jil and Ellie a source of 'white noise' to Trish as she concentrated on the winding, mountain highway. For their part, Jil and Ellie used the time to get acquainted with the other, and judging by the laughter and tone of their conversation, they were both finding comfortability with each other. 

Jil stole quick looks at Ellie's D-cup breasts that stretched the fabric of the sweater she was wearing, thoughts of what she wanted to do with them, fueling the warmth between her legs. Ellie, on the other hand, was projecting her thoughts into what lay ahead for that evening, wondering about the 'mechanics' of three women having unbridled sex in the same bed. Two guys, thought Ellie, not a problem; suck one while the other fucks you, at least that was her experience when she had a few threesomes with her ex. 

But, when she wasn't thinking about that, Ellie was finding pleasure in the beauty that was Jil. She really is quite beautiful, thought Ellie, admiring the smooth, clear skin and smallish, firm breasts that lay under Jil's tee, hardened nipples poking the material of the shirt. Ellie's mind was conjuring images of her lips sucking Jil's nipples when they arrived in Estes, at Trish's friend's restaurant.

As promised, the food and ambiance was to die for, the mood at their table becoming sexually charged as the evening wore on. Oh, they all knew what lay ahead, though the only hint an outsider might have seen would have been the looks of longing that seem to flow between the three of them. No doubt about it though, the meal, the shared wine at dinner, and the doobie they smoked on the way, had the three of them feeling horny and ready for some fun with each other.

"Why don't you two ride in the back," Trish casually suggested as they were about to leave for the trip back to Denver, to Trish's home, "Get to know each other a little better, so to speak," she suggested with a smile on her face.

Looking to each other when Trish said it, Jil spoke first, saying, "I think that's a lovely idea," flashing a seductive smile towards Ellie's equally smiling face. 

"Yes, I quite agree," Ellie contributed as Jil held the door opened for her to enter first.

And just as their car left the small, mountain town that catered to tourists, Jil leaned into Ellie, her hand pulling Ellie's head towards her parting lips, her intent to kiss Ellie quite evident.

Night comes early to the mountains in the Fall and though it was dark in the car, except for the instrument lighting, there was just enough of a glow that Trish could catch quick glimpses of the activity in her backseat as she drove them home.

The soft sounds of kisses and murmurs of contentment filled the car as Jil and Ellie explored each other's mouth with their tongues, their hands busily feeling and fondling the other. And when Trish heard a gasp of suprise and delight escape Ellie's lips, she adjusted her rear-view mirror to glimpse the back of Jil's head as she sucked on Ellie's breasts, Ellie's sweater pulled up almost to her neck so that she could do so. Trish could also see Ellie's hand under Jil's tee, fiercly fondling the teenager's breasts as Jil sucked and licked at Ellie's tits.

By the time their car reached the western 'burbs of Denver, Jil was laying on top of Ellie, the two women furiously grinding their crotches against each other, Ellie's hands squeezing Jil's ass cheeks, pulling Jil's crotch harder against her own as they humped each other, their lips locked in a lustful embrace.

The 'moment' was shattered by the sound of a blasting airhorn of a trucker that Trish had just passed on the interstate, the driver having caught a quick glance at the activity in the rear seat when Trish's car sped past. Sticking a hand out of her window, Trish waved acknowledgement of the driver's approval of what he had just seen.

"Made his day," Trish jokingly said as the two women came up for air and started rearranging their mussed up clothing, the comment causing the three of them to laugh together. As the laughter subsided, Jil settled into the crook of Ellie's arms, smiling as Ellie casually let her hands fondle Jil's tits, through her tee shirt, her lips gently kissing the top of Jil's head.

"I am soooo ready to fuck," Jil murmured softly as Ellie's fingers gently pinched her hard nipples, "it's been a while."

"Not to worry, baby," Trish said as she turned onto her street, "relief is just a few short blocks away," smiling to herself when she said it.

"Ooohhh good," Jil said, her excitement evident in her voice, "but my quandry is which one of you I'm going to attack first," her breathing a bit labored from the horniness she was feeling.

"Might not be an issue if Ellie and I attack you first," Trish quipped as she pulled into her driveway.

"Works for me," Jil cheerfully responded as she and Ellie untangled themselves to get out of the car, a smile on all three of their faces...

At Trish's urging, the three of them had Margaritas that Trish quickly blended for them, prolonging the longing, prolonging the anticipation of the promised sexual adventures. Oh, they kissed and touched each other as they lounged about the den, the soft sounds of Jazz in the background, fueling the desire that was present in the room, the 800 lb. gorilla that just wouldn't go away...not that any of them wanted it to.

Finishing her drink first, Jil stood, looking at Trish and Ellie in turn, while slowly removing her clothes, the sheen of wetness visible on her small patch of pubic hair. Walking towards the stairway, she turned back and said, "I'm going to Trish's bed, don't make me wait too long or I'll start without you," smiling seductively at her two older, soon-to-be, lovers.

Ellie and Trish silently watched Jil's young, firm ass as she slowly walked up the stairs, each envisioning in their mind, what lay ahead for the three of them.

"Girl's got a really fine ass, Trish," Ellie commented as her eyes followed Jil up the stairs.

"Wait 'til you taste her equally fine pussy," Trish responded.

The sudden sound of a small chuckle from Ellie caused Trish to turn and look at her.

"What?" Trish asked.

"When I moved here from Virginia, it was to start fresh, to leave the crap behind in Virginia, to start a new chapter in my life," Ellie said, looking at Trish now when she did so.

"And?" Trish prompted.

"So now, in two short months, I find myself sitting in my neighbor's home, a neighbor who is also a lover, and lusting at the thought of burying my face and tongue in some nineteen year-old college coed's pussy; I certainly didn't see that coming when I moved here for 'change'," Ellie replied.

"Well, off-hand, I'd say to you, Mission Accomplished!" Trish responded, standing to climb the stairs to their awaiting coed.

"Ya' think?" Ellie simply said...

Trish and Ellie paused a moment at the doorway of the bedroom to take in the sight before them.

Jil had lit several mood candles which cast a soft light about the room. She was laying in the middle of the bed, both of her hands busily playing with her pussy, two fingers of one hand slowly stroking in and out of her love canal, the other hand slowly rubbing her pubes and clit. Seeing them at the door, she continued to play with herself, her eyes telegraphing lustful messages to them both as they slowly stripped off their clothes, their eyes not leaving Jil's.

As they approached the bed, Jil removed her fingers from her snatch, holding them out, offering them to be sucked by whichever of these two forty-somethings wanted to. Trish took Jil's fingers into her mouth, slowly sucking on them, tasting Jil's juices as she climbed into the bed. Ellie, for her part, was moving to crawl onto to the bed between Jil's out-stretched legs, her need to taste this young thing's pussy driving her to do so.

Taking her time, starting at Jil's feet, Ellie began the process of kissing her way up Jil's firm, young legs, prolonging her lust to taste Jil. Trish laid next to Jil, smothering her with kisses to her breasts, biting at her nipples, her hand feeling and fondling the other breast as she did so. Moving her mouth to Jil's, Trish slipped her tongue deep into Jil's opened mouth, loving the feel of their tongues as they dueled with each other. Breaking from her kiss with Jil, Trish climbed to straddle Jil's head between her knees, on the pillows, Jil's hands on her ass as she guided Trish's pussy towards her mouth.

Just as Jil's tongue began its dance on Trish's clit, Ellie's mouth and tongue surrounded Jil's pussy, the smell and taste of which flipped on a switch in Ellie, turning her into one lean, mean, pussy-eating machine.

Moving her pussy back and forth over Jil's mouth and tongue, slowly at first, Trish settled into a rhythm that would result in one of the best orgasms that she had ever experienced and, folks, that was saying a lot.
