 Ann had known Kari for half-dozen years. They met when their daughters started attending the two-year-old Sunday School class. Now, six years later, Ann and Kari taught the Third Grade Girl’s Sunday School class together. 

Although Ann was ten years older than Kari, Ann and Kari had become good if not close friends over the years. The previous fall, when Ann had been promoted to Director of Finance at her non-profit about the same time that her husband, Ted, had become VP of Engineering at his firm, they had invited Kari and her husband, Bob, to the joint celebration party.

This weekend Ann and Kari were shepherding their 12 third-grade charges at a church camp retreat. Friday was an elementary school holiday so the group had arrived at camp in time for lunch and a hike through the hills around the camp. The fresh air and exercise had done in the girls and they were asleep shortly after lights out.

Ann and Kari had retreated to the Counselor’s Cabin and their shared bedroom. To mutual amusement, they discovered that each had brought a bottle of wine for each night of the retreat. Ann popped a cork as they both began to get ready for bed.

Ann showered first, changing into her standard long tee and panties. Kari went in to shower when Ann came out. Ann was enjoying her second glass of wine when she heard Kari return.

As Kari approached the other bed, Ann looked up from her book. She was momentarily stunned. Kari was wearing a long yellow silk nightgown. The slit up one leg of the gown revealed enough tanned (already/still in April?) leg and hip that Ann knew that Kari was probably wearing nothing underneath. The waist was elasticized but the bust was full. The gown was backless with wide shoulder straps. Ann saw this as Kari bent over to pull down the bed covers. As Kari stood momentarily before sitting down, the light behind her made the gown translucent and Ann could appreciate both slender well-formed legs.

If the sight of Kari standing in front of the light had transfixed Ann, Kari sitting was even more revealing. As she swung her legs onto the bed, the slit in the skirt was towards Ann. If any more leg had been showing, Ann was sure that Kari would have demonstrated the difference between Adam and Eve. The light was now profiling Kari. Ann could see Kari’s breasts and nipples as if the gown were transparent.

“What are you reading?”

The sound of Kari’s voice snapped Ann out of her appreciation of her roommate’s form. Ann whipped her eyes up to Kari’s face, feeling guilty for looking at her friend that way.

“White Noise by DeLillo,” Ann replied.

“You read a lot of modern fiction?” Kari asked.

It turned out that they both read a lot of fiction. Of course Oprah’s book of the month was a must for both of them. But they also had read a surprising number of the same books from other current writers. They discussed everything from Carmac McCarthy’s symbolism to Proulx’s philosophy of life. The conversation was lively and continued until they finished the bottle of wine.

“My husband thinks I’m foolish for reading all these books,” Kari commented as she finished the last drops in her glass.

“Kari, how can it be foolish to exercise your mind like this,” Ann replied. “Even though Ted doesn’t read a lot of fiction, he always is interested in what I’m reading. He says it stimulates him just to listen to me talk about my current book.”

“Not much of what I do stimulates Bob,” Kari stated bitterly.

“Kari, I can’t believe that,” Ann said. “A smart, beautiful woman like you with your bright, good-mannered children? You’ve got a lot to stimulate Bob with.”

Kari stood up and stepped over to Ann’s bed. “Thanks for being a good friend,” she said as she leaned over and put her arms around Ann to hug her. “Good night.”

When Kari had moved towards Ann’s bed, Ann had been treated to another shot of Kari’s form back lighted from the lamp on the other side of Kari’s bed. Then when Kari had given Ann a hug, two pairs of nipples had rubbed briefly before their breasts had mashed together. When Kari sat back down on her bed and swung her legs up, Ann had gotten a flash of golden curls behind the slit skirt. To top it all off when Kari leaned across the bed to switch off the far lamp, her two smooth cheeks had inadvertently mooned Ann through the shifting slit.

Ann quickly switched off her light. She felt a flush and arousal from the sights and touches that she had just experienced. She had experienced the delights of woman-to-woman lovemaking before, but then she had been seduced. A younger woman had enticed her and she had surrendered. This time she was the one feeling lust toward another woman. She couldn’t allow herself to follow through with her friend and certainly not on a church retreat.

- - - - - - - - - - -

Saturday morning found both women scurrying around in their undies, as they got ready. Kari noticed Ann staring at her nipples, which were partially visible through the lacy bra that she wore. The second time that Kari caught Ann staring, Kari felt her nipples erect. She had not had a woman look at her nipples since PE her freshman year in college. Kari felt a blush spread across her cheeks as her nipples began to tent the soft material. She turned quickly to the mirror and began applying her lipstick. Glancing in the mirror at her friend, she could tell that Ann was now looking at the globes of her ass, which were exposed by her T-backed panties. Kari also checked out Ann. She saw the outline of her friend’s nipples and areolas through the thin sports bra that she had donned. Kari could see the red curls of Ann’s bush behind the semi-transparent nylon panties. Kari’s blush deepened as she forced her attention back to her lipstick. Kari hadn’t looked so closely at a female since her senior year in high school. 

When Kari looked for Ann again, she could see her hurriedly tucking in her blouse as she exited the room. “I’ll go check on the Girly Dozen. Meet you in the camp mess hall,” Ann called as she almost ran out of the room.

The camp staff had planned the activities for the day. Play-acting a Bible story in the morning was followed by crafts after lunch and some vigorous games in the late afternoon. Again the girls were tired out and went down easily. 9:30 found Kari and Ann back in their room opening a bottle of wine.

This time Kari showered first. As soon as Kari came out Ann went in to shower. Kari was in bed and modestly covered when Ann came back out.

This night’s conversation flitted around various topics from church activities to college high jinks. The two tongues got looser as a second bottle of wine was opened. The discussion moved to how old were you when you first did it and into raunchier areas.

“Where was the riskiest place you ever did it,” Kari asked.

“One night at Six Flags Ted and I were in the last car on the roller coaster. I managed to give him a blowjob before the ride finished. What about you?”

“My sophomore year in college my boyfriend came to visit me after Christmas through New Year’s. My parents put him in the guest bedroom. One night while watching TV I claimed a headache and went to my room. I took off my clothes and put on a robe. I waited until I heard my boyfriend go to the bathroom. I followed him in and hopped up on the sink offering him everything.” Kari changed the subject again. “Now, as an old married woman how often do you make it?”

Kari blushed hotly, not believing what she had asked, as Ann’s head whipped around to look at her in shock. But Kari could see that Ann’s nipples were hard points under her sleep tee. Kari could feel that her own nipples were responding to the conversation and a moist puddle was forming between her thighs. 

After a brief pause Ann giggled. “Do you mean how often do Ted and I screw or how often do I get to the Big Bang?” 

“Both.” Kari was curious and had decided that the alcohol would cover her actions if Ann seemed offended.

“Well, Ted and I get together about three or four times a week. But he almost always gives me an orgasm by, uh, going down on me and then again inside me. Say six or seven bangs from the buck.” She laughed at her own joke and Kari joined in. “How often does Bob do you?”

Kari’s chuckles abruptly stopped. Her face turned into a grimace and she began to sob. “He hasn’t touched me in over four months!” Her tears flowed freely as she thought of the past and imagined what lay ahead.

Kari had met Bob Waters as she began her junior year in college. He was just finishing his residency as a cardio vascular surgeon. Although there was a twelve-year difference in their ages, Kari was swept away by the suave, handsome doctor who seemed to be able to spend money freely on nice dinners and exotic vacations. They had married right after she graduated. The daughter who had introduced her to Ann had come the following year.

Ann got out of bed and went over to console Kari. “It’s probably nothing. Maybe he’s been working too hard or he’s a little depressed.”

Kari put her arms around Ann trying to bury her sobs in Ann’s shoulder. Ann in turn put one arm around Kari’s back and the other under Kari’s arm and joined her hands at Kari’s side.

“At first I thought that it was the fact that I had gained four pounds at Thanksgiving, so I worked out harder and lost them. But then, oh, Ann!” Kari exclaimed. “He told me Thursday night that he’s moving out next week. He’s going to divorce me and marry that bitch! That Barbara Streeter!” Her sobs resumed. “Please be a friend and just hold me,” pleaded Kari. 

Ann remembered meeting Barbara at church last summer. She was a petite, curvy brunette, fresh out of nursing school and new in Bob’s office. Ann had thought at the time that there were vibes between the young nurse and the doctor who was twenty years older, but Ann had dismissed the feeling. Woman’s intuition had just been confirmed again.

Kari slumped over in Ann’s lap, her face outward and her legs stretched out to the side. Kari held tight onto Ann’s arm during this maneuver. Kari just wanted to touch and connect with another human being. When Kari finished squirming, she found that she had positioned Ann’s hand to cup one of her breasts. 

Although Ann wanted just to console her friend, Kari’s breast in her hand coupled with the memory of what they looked like last night and this morning plus the just ended conversation was exciting Ann. The view of Kari’s legs was not helping either. When Kari had slumped down and stretched out her legs, the slit had bunched up to her waist. Now her leg was completely exposed and the way she had twisted around had moved the slit over her firm ass. Kari continued to cry.

Ann suppressed the heat between her legs. Kari needed comfort, not a shocking sexual advance from a female. Ann began to stroke Kari gently from her shoulder down her back to her waist. After about five minutes, the sobs began to subside.

“That feels nice,” Kari breathed. She wiggled around a little, pulling her near arm out and reaching around Ann’s waist with it. She began to draw patterns on Ann’s hip. Her other hand continued to trap Ann’s hand under her breast and began an almost imperceptible rhythm of pressing the hand against her breast and then releasing it. Kari felt so safe in the arms of the older woman. She also thought back to the pleasure that she had gotten from one of her girlfriends in high school at a sleepover. Just a little fooling around and petting, but she remembered the tenderness of that encounter now.

When Ann realized that Kari wanted/needed more than just sympathy tonight, the fire between her legs that she had almost smothered roared back to life. Kari wanted involvement with another human and Ann was the human in the room. Ann wasn’t sure how far Kari wanted to go or if Kari would admit to herself how far she wanted to go.

Ann lengthened her caresses down to the bare skin of Kari’s hip. Kari sighed. The next time Ann’s hand visited that soft skin Kari rolled onto her side so that her back was against Ann’s tummy. This caused Ann’s hand to slip forward across Kari’s tummy. Ann’s fingertips grazed the curls there.

Kari didn’t flinch or move. Ann also noticed that Kari continued to clutch Ann’s other hand to her breast. Ann began circular caresses on Kari’s abdomen.

Ann leaned down and kissed Kari’s cheek. “It’s OK. I’ll take care of you,” Ann murmured. She started little kisses across Kari’s cheek and neck. Then moving up to Kari’s ear, Ann swirled her tongue around the earlobe and began whispering.

“Such a beautiful person, gorgeous on the outside, wonderful on the inside.”

Ann was caressing the breast that she had been holding. The nipple hardened in her palm as the pads of her fingers used the satiny gown material to glide almost effortlessly across the underside of that globe. 

She briefly tickled Kari’s southern curls with her other hand and then brushed her fingertips down the inside of that golden thigh. Kari’s top leg slid backward and Ann moved her hand to the inside of the other thigh. She teased her fingernails from Kari’s knee up to just below the juncture of the thighs then back down, slowly repeating this several times.

Ann resumed nibbling around Kari’s ear interspersed with whispered endearments.

“Your skin is so soft, so smooth.” Gentle kisses along Kari’s jawbone. 

“I can’t believe that you would choose me to be close to. I am so lucky.” Light licks on the side of her neck. 

“That you would allow me access to your femininity, your wonderful body.” Rubbing her cheek against the golden hair. 

“Such firm, graceful curves.” Soft nibbles across her cheek to the corner of her mouth. 

“Your perfume is intoxicating and the freshness of your warm breath sends waves of desire through me.” Ann nudged Kari’s face upward with her arm and kissed her.

Kari surged up hungrily opening her mouth to thrust her tongue into Ann’s mouth. Kari struggled around to rearrange her arms to grasp Ann tightly as if afraid that Ann would leave her. In the same movement Kari flattened her hips allowing her legs to splay open inviting more intimate caresses from Ann’s fingers which were simultaneously soothing and inflaming her.

Ann broke the kiss. “You taste so sweet and you feel so good to hold.” She resumed the kiss, playing with Kari’s tongue. Meanwhile Ann’s fingers had accepted the invitation and were lightly stroking from Kari’s mons down between her legs. Kari lifted her hips in an effort to increase the contact. Ann acceded to Kari’s desire and pushed a finger between the wet, pouting nether lips, lightly tracing upward.

“You are so hot, wet and desirable. Every time I touch you I feel a vitality and sensuousness.”

“Ann, ooohhh Ann. I need this soooo much! Hold me. Love me.”

The kisses and tantalizing touches resumed. Kari moved one hand and began caressing Ann’s breast in an effort to repay the pleasure she was receiving.

Ann broke the string of kisses to nuzzle down Kari’s neck to her collarbone. “Pull down your strap,” she commanded.

Kari shrugged the strap off her shoulder and then tugged the gown below her breast.

Ann gazed at the pink tip reaching up towards her. She lowered her head and began to spiral her tongue from the outer edges of the mound slowly inward. When she reached the areola, she feathered her tongue around it carefully avoiding the nipple. Then opening her mouth wide, she took as much flesh in as possible and began lightly flicking the center. Kari groaned.

“Let’s lie down,” Ann suggested.

Kari rolled up into a sitting position as Ann put a foot on the floor and her other knee on the bed. But then Kari grabbed her gown and pulled it off, tossing it to the other bed. She posed briefly in a demure posture. One leg was drawn up under her and the other was stretched out to the side. Her hands were clasped shyly in her lap. “Let me see you, too,” she requested looking up.

Ann threw her tee to one side and stepped out of her panties. She stood by Kari in the classic pose, a hand on one hip and the other leg turned out behind the front one. Kari reached up and ran her hand lightly down Ann’s side.

“Such wonderful breasts,” she said caressing the side of one. “And such long beautiful legs,” her hand trailing from hip down to knee.

Ann leaned down and kissed her again as they both fell back to the bed. Ann rose up on one elbow to look at Kari again as she lay on her back. “Your breasts are as firm as a teenager’s.” Ann drew the back of her hand between the two mounds. “Your tummy is flat and firm.” She bent down and grasped an ankle between both hands and smoothed upward like she would putting on a stocking. “Even your legs have sinuous curves that would attract any person still breathing.”

Ann kissed Kari again, continuing to run her fingers over all the exposed flesh. Then she began a wet trail down Kari’s body.

“Ann, you are making me so hot. You’re so wonderful to me. Ooohh, god.” Kari started to moan.

Ann reached the object of her desire. She opened Kari’s center with her fingers feeling the hot oil and her nose smelling the fragrance of an aroused woman. She began to lap from the bottom of the cleft and swirled around the clitoris before descending again. Thrusting her tongue as far inside as possible she gathered the honey in her mouth. “Oh, Kari, so sweet.”

Kari pulled Ann’s head upward. “Do me, Ann. I can’t wait any longer.”

Ann returned to the clitoris with a light flutter then began to slowly increase the pressure. In a few minutes Kari bucked her hips rapidly.

“Oh Ann! Oh Ann! Ooooohhhh myyyiiii.” Kari came in long shudders arching herself against Ann’s mouth and then collapsed.

Ann reached over and shut off the light. She cradled Kari in her arms and settled down waiting for sleep.

Kari wasn’t ready for sleep yet. She wanted, no needed, to show this wonderful person how much she meant to her. After resting for a minute or two Kari stretched then put her arms around Ann’s neck pulling her into a kiss. “Lie back and let me take care of you.” Kari kissed Ann again as they both rolled to their side.

Kari moved her mouth to Ann’s breast and began flicking the nipple with her tongue. “I love your boobs,” she said.

“They’re not big and firm like yours,” Ann replied.

“They’re slender and stylish like you are. I can push them together and get both nips at once.” Fitting action to words, Kari sucked in both nipples.

“Oh, damn,” Ann moaned as a wave of desire coursed through her.

As Kari nibbled she insinuated a hand between Ann’s legs. Ann trapped Kari’s hand there briefly. Then Ann rolled flat on her back, her legs parting slightly. Kari pressed one finger down into the top of Ann’s slit. She rubbed gently.

Ann was already slick from the excitement of playing with Kari. Now she felt the moisture begin to weep between her legs and trickle down her thighs. Involuntarily she drew her knees up and out. Her lower lips separated as they began to swell at the same time. “Oooohhh, so good. Just right.”

Ann felt her nipples slide from Kari’s mouth as Kari twisted around. Kari’s cheek rested on Ann’s mons and then a tongue snaked out and flicked her clit from the top. Because of the angle it was just grazing the hood. Ann’s hips bucked involuntarily trying to get more of that delightful contact.

Kari moved between Ann’s legs. Ann felt Kari’s hot breath all over between. Then Kari inserted her tongue deep into Ann’s hole. Dragging back out, the tongue traveled slowly up and around her clit and back down deep inside.

“So hot, so wet, so wonderful,” Kari’s voice was like pouring liquid fire over Ann’s nerve endings. The tongue returned to its lazy circling up the furrow around the clit and back down.

Ann grabbed Kari’s hair and pulled the mouth back up to her clit. The tongue flicked out rapidly and Ann felt the pressure begin to build. But Ann didn’t want this to end yet. She held the head steady but rotated her hips to move the tongue to her wet cave. 
