 *full disclaimer this Erotica is meant for LESBIAN WOMEN, however you are welcome to read regardless of gender and orientation.

***

Claire was invisible. Every day she had been pushed and shoved around in school. She got good grades, she kept her head down, she was just the kind of girl to be quiet. She was valedictorian of her class, and always was wearing glasses. Everyone always guessed that she was young, but really she was 18. 

She was pretty, with long black hair and wide dark eyes. Freckles dotted her nose and she was thin. Claire never really liked boys. I mean sure, she had boyfriends here and there, but the relationships weren't tremendously remarkable. 

The only thing that really caught her eye in that dreary school was Sabine St. Clair. Sabine had short blue hair and was always wearing thigh high boots that were way beyond the limits of the dress code. 

Sabine, although she was 18, seemed way older than that. Sabine was the "problem kid." She smoked weed in the bathroom, and she always cut class to go out to eat. Claire secretly admired her, she wished she could have a rebellious streak like that. 

Every night in the shower, Claire would touch herself, and all she could think about was Sabine. Sabine's hands running up and down Claire's pussy, fingering her. Her gorgeous lips on Claire's neck, kissing and sucking on it until she was a panting mess.  

Claire in a pathetic attempt to stay quiet would stifle her moans using her hand as she finally came. Her essence trailing down her thighs. God, she wanted Sabine so badly she could barely breathe.

So when Sabine St. Clair walked up to Claire one day to ask for academic help, Claire was so taken aback she didn't know what to say. "Hey, I need help with English." Claire's eyes trailed down the scantily clad outfit Sabine was wearing that day. Her tits were practically falling out of her bra and she was wearing black skinny jeans with latex boots. "Wha?" Claire practically whispered out. 

"I need help with English. Do I need to spell it out for you babe?" "Uhh no no! Sorry, when do you need the help?" Claire said a bit more confidently. "Tonight, my place, here is the address." Sabine scribbled down something on a piece of paper. Claire nearly fainted. 

*Four hours Later*

Claire nervously knocked on Sabine's door. She was so horny she felt like she was going to faint. Her panties were already wet and Sabine hadn't even opened the door. All day, Claire was anticipating what would go down with Sabine. Claire accidentally moaned softly in class daydreaming about Sabine, and her English teacher gave her a funny look. She blushed awkwardly and looked down at her notes. 

Sabine opened up the door. "Hey! Come on in babe." Claire had to contain her gasp. Sabine was wearing a see-through white shirt with a bra and shorts practically up her ass. "We can sit on the couch." Sabine settled into the plush cushions and turned on the TV. What popped up on the screen caused Claire to turn away in embarrassment. "Omg! What the hell???" Claire shouted. 

"Oh sorry lmao, you've never seen porn before?" Sabine raised an eyebrow at Claire. "No!" Claire was still blushing and looked away. "Well, then clearly you haven't lived yet. Here just watch a little bit with me. I promise, I'll hold you if you get scared." Claire rolled her eyes, but also the thought of being in Sabine's arms didn't sound half bad. 

"Alright fine, only for one minute." Claire said reluctantly. Sabine smirked and hit the play button. The two girls on screen started to kiss and touch each other. Claire was mesmerized, her eyes slowly trailed over to Sabine. Their eyes met and Sabine whispered, "Do you like this kind of stuff Claire?" Claire nodded slowly and she felt Sabine's hand make its way to her thigh. 

"Do you want to fuck?" 

Claire didn't know how to respond. She wanted this so badly, to do this with Sabine. She could barely breathe, Claire clutched her throat softly with one hand. "I don't know how." Claire whispered out. "Well, I'll show you. First, close your eyes." Claire's eyelids gently fluttered closed as she waited. 

Claire felt a warm pair of lips meet her own. Sabine's luscious lips. They were warm and wet, and she didn't want the feeling to stop. Sabine kept kissing Claire as she moved her hands down to Claire's top. Claire felt a pair of hands snake up to her breasts, and her soft nipples gently tugged. 

"God that feels good." Claire moaned out as she moved into Sabine's warm touches. "You like that, huh." Sabine whispered into Claire's ear. "You want more?" Claire nodded and Sabine began a trail of kisses down to Claire's underwear. Claire moaned with every kiss, arching her hips more and more. 

Sabine gently parted Claire's thighs and licked the insides gently. Claire shivered, moaning softly. "Yes, like that." Sabine ran a finger over Claire's soaking underwear. "Babyyy." Sabine muttered into Claire's thigh as she pulled Claire's underwear off slowly, revealing her gleaming pussy. 

"You want me to taste you.." Sabine ran a finger along Claire's entrance causing her to squirm. "Or do you want me in you..." Sabine dipped a finger deeper into Claire's pussy. "Both?" Claire nodded softly as Sabine brought her mouth down to Claire's clit, running her tongue in and out of Claire's luscious wet folds. Claire moaned loudly, clutching Sabine's blue locks in her hands. 

"Fuck Sabine, I want you. I want more of you." Claire shot her brown eyes open to be met with intense blue ones. "Well then take me." With that, Claire climbed into Sabine's lap and pressed her lips against Sabine's. Claire softly ground her pussy against Sabine's jeans. "I don't know what I want, but I-I." 

"Shhhh." Sabine kissed Claire's neck and unzipped her jeans. Sabine picked up Claire and laid her on the bed. She lifted up Claire's legs to wrap them around her hips and gently ground her pussy into Claire's. "UGHHHH fuck." Sabine bit her lip gently and threw her head back as she thrusted harder into Claire. 

"God Sabine, oh god yes. YES." Claire moaned loudly, bringing her hands up to Sabine's breasts, squeezing them gently. "Ugh Sabine, I'm so close. I'm so fucking close." 

Sabine moaned and looked at Claire with hooded eyes. She moaned loudly as she felt Claire's wetness spill onto her own pussy. "I'm gonna make you come, okay baby? Come for me." Claire screamed, throwing her head back as she felt waves of her essence escape her. The sight of it all was enough to drive Sabine over the edge. 

"Fuck Claire, Oh Fuck.. FUCK!" Sabine thrusted hard into Claire, coming all over her pussy. Sabine collapsed onto the bed, panting, her cheeks flushed fuchsia. Claire crawled over to Sabine, laying a head on her breast and clutching her waist with both hands. 

"That. felt. so. good." Claire muttered as she closed her eyes. "Can I sleep over? It's really late." Claire looked at Sabine with hopeful eyes. "Yeah sweetie. It's chill." 

(Like and comment for a part 2!!)