 "Well, good luck, kiddo, let me know how it works out for you," Trish said as she hugged her neighbor, friend, and lover goodbye.

Ellie had stopped in at Trish's Place, for a quick after-work drink before going home to get ready for what she'd hoped would be a fun evening with Pauli, the gal from work that she had been obsessing about for a couple of weeks.

After that weekend of marathon sex with Trish and her young coed lover, Jil, Ellie had no doubts about her new found love of sex with women. Pauli worked with a firm that shared the tenth floor of the building, along with Ellie's firm, and they often rode the elevator together in the mornings, also seeing each other at lunch, though at different tables. Since discovering girl-girl sex, thanks to Trish, Ellie found herself paying more attention to other women, ignoring random attempts by guys to hit on her since she had moved to Denver.

Pauline, or Pauli as Ellie found that she preferred to be called, was one of those women that, well, that flipped on a switch inside of Ellie whenever Ellie saw her. She was a bit taller than Ellie, appeared to have nice boobs, like Ellie, and wore her red hair short, almost butch-like. Ellie was sure that the 'vibes' she felt around Pauli were nothing more than pure lust on her part. Still, Ellie rationalized, nothing ventured, nothing gained. Since that weekend with Trish and Jil, Ellie stormed her brain trying to come up with ways to approach Pauli, the end-game for Ellie, of course, being to seduce this woman that captivated Ellie's attention.

Fate works in mysterious ways sometimes, folks...

The ground floor of Ellie's office building housed a cafeteria-styled eatery that stayed busy from the worker bees that worked in the building. On one such busy day, Ellie had found a small two-top and had just sat down when she saw Pauli, standing, tray in hand, looking for a seat. Waving to her, Ellie caught her eye and with a head-nod to the empty chair, indicated to Pauli that she could sit with her.

"Crazy busy, as usual," Ellie said as Pauli set her tray on the table.

"Yes, it is," Pauli replied, "I was beginning to think that I'd have to eat standing up," laughing a bit.

"Can't have that," Ellie said, "Hi, I'm Ellie; I've noticed you for the past few months in the elevator and all, so I almost feel like we know each other," saying it with a smile.

"Hi, Ellie, I'm Pauline but, please, I prefer to be called Pauli," came the reply.

They talked as they ate, the sort of banal chit-chat that people make when just meeting another. Pauli confirmed that she, too, had noticed Ellie over the past few months. She went on to explain that she was new to this branch of her firm, having moved to Denver, as it turned out, only a couple of weeks before Ellie. She was married but her husband was on a project at the South Pole. He was a microbiologist, worked for the Federal Government and was chosen to be part of an elite team that was searching for, well, she admitted, she wasn't really sure what.

"A lot of his work is classified and he doesn't, or can't, really talk about it," Pauli went on to explain.

Ellie gave Pauli a 'quick-pic' of her life since her divorce and move to Denver, leaving out, of course, her discovery of girl-girl sex. No, thought Ellie, no sense in scaring this little cutie away too soon.

Over the next couple of weeks, Pauli and Ellie managed to have lunch together almost every day, and even did a couple of shopping excursions, the both of them getting acquainted with both Denver and each other. Toss in a couple of movies and you had the beginning of a new friendship and, with that, the sharing of more personal and intimate facets of their personalities. Ellie talked about the cheating that her husband did that resulted in the divorce; Pauli talked about the lonliness she felt in a new city, of life without her husband, and of how she was thrilled to have found a kindred spirit in Ellie.

"I had a dorm-mate for a couple of years in college that you remind me of," Pauli shared one day as they lunched, "'course, she was a bit of wild child when we were in school, but then, so was I," laughing after she had said it.

"Yeah, I had my moments as well," chuckled Ellie, "kinda' miss those days, ya' know? Going out, partying, getting hammered, regretting it but doing it again, ya' know?"

"Oooh yeah, I do know," Pauli replied with a small shake of her head, "I'm long overdue for a party and getting seriously fucked up, excuse my French," laughing when she said it.

Seeing a golden opportunity in front of her, Ellie seized the moment.

"Let's do it!" Ellie said, suddenly.

"What? Do what?," Pauli replied, her face screwed up in confusion for a moment and then, getting it, she said, "Ooh, you mean, let's get seriously fucked up?".

"Yeah, exactly; Come over to my place Friday night, I'll whip up something for us to eat and, hell, plan on spending the night so you don't have to worry about getting a DUI or something worse," Ellie tossed out onto the table.

"Huh!" Pauli said, her face clearly showing that she was weighing the offer and the suggestion.

"What's your alcoholic poison of choice," Ellie asked, almost as if it was already a done deal.

"Wine for a mild buzz; Bacardi 151 and Coke if I want a world-class hangover the next morning," Pauli replied, almost as it was already a done deal.

"Any other vices I should plan for?," Ellie asked, her eyebrows raised in question.

"Well, I wouldn't turn down an opportunity to take a toke or two," Pauli replied, her eyebrows raised in question, as well.

Smiling, Ellie leaned across the table, Pauli following suit, and said in a low voice, "Oh, girl, have I got this covered," winking afterwards.

"Were you serious with the offer to sleep it off at your place?" Pauli asked as they rose to leave the table.

"Oh yeah, it's absolutely the smartest and, safest thing to do," Ellie confirmed for Pauli.

Riding the elevator to their floor, as they parted to go to their separate offices, Pauli said, with a smile, "It's a date, then." her hand raised in a friendly farewell wave.

Oh yes, yes it is, thought Ellie as she opened the door to enter her workplace, the smile broad across her face.

Ellie rushed home after leaving Trish's Place, starting her small bit of prep work for the dinner that she had planned for the two of them, finishing with a small glass of wine before showering. Checking her stash(she started using Trish's supplier, Bobbye, for herself) and finding enough already cleaned for the night's activity, she went upstairs to shower and get ready for her 'date'.

Letting the hot water run over her nakedness, she slowly soaped herself, her mind thinking about what lay ahead, hoping that it would go like she'd like it to. Resisting the strong urge to masturbate as she thought about Pauli, she quickly finished, drying herself, then walking to her closet. Ellie chose a simple skirt, one that complimented her ass and a soft, cashmier sweater, one with a deep v-neck, one that would show her cleavage to her advantage.

Simply put, had she been dressing for a date with a man, her choice of clothes would have screamed, "Fuck me, long and hard, Fuck ME!"

Hearing Pauli's car in her driveway, Ellie rushed downstairs in time to walk outside to greet Pauli. Hugging each other, Pauli then grabbed a small overnight bag, both of them looking to the ominous storm clouds that promised snow that night.

"Looks like we might get a blow," Ellie commented as she opened the door for Pauli to enter.

"Yeah, yeah it does," Pauli agreed, "Probably even a better idea, now, to stay over."

Neither cared to mix liquors but agreed that having one glass of wine before dinner wouldn't interfere with the 151 and Coke, later.

The meal was incredibly simple to fix and on the light side, Ellie not wanting either of them to be too full to do anything else, should it come to that. Oh damn, I sure hope it comes to that, Ellie thought to herself.

Dishes quickly rinsed, Pauli volunteered to mix them both a 151 cocktail, complete with the limes, while Ellie tended to the dishwasher and final wipedown of her kitchen.

Cocktails in hand, they moved to the den where Ellie had already had her gas logs burning, and soft Jazz in the background. Indicating to Pauli that they were going to sit on the couch, facing the fireplace, Ellie retrieved her stash box, placing it on the coffee table for use, later.

Sitting down on the couch, a bit closer than she really needed to be, Ellie raised her glass, clinked it against Pauli's, saying, "To us, wild and free...at least, for tonight anyway," laughing afterwards, Pauli nodding her head in agreement.

They drank their drinks, perhaps a 'wee' bit faster than normally, but soon enough, they both needed refills. Getting up, they walked towards the kitchen area to fix a couple of more, the strong rum mixture making its presence known within the first few steps.

"Wow, that shit is strong," Ellie said, giggling a bit.

"Oh yeah, an expressway to a strong buzz," Pauli agreed.

Looking out of the rear window to the back yard, there was at least eight inches of freshly-fallen snow on the ground with no sign of letting up. The ambient light from the streetlamps painted a Currier & Ives scene, though.

"Pretty," Pauli said, a bit wistfully, "but a good night to be inside."

"What say we kill the lights in the den except for the fireplace, open the curtains, share a little herb and watch Ma Nature do her thing?" Ellie suggested as she handed Pauli her drink.

"Sounds good to me," Pauli said with a smile.

And they did just so, taking their time with the joint Ellie had rolled for them, sitting on the couch next to each other, heads on the couch-back, each in their own thoughts at the moment, each in their own world.

"I'm getting seriously fucked up," Pauli said, turning to look at Ellie, who was turned to face her.

"That WAS the plan, was it not," Ellie replied slowly, the rum and weed having produced a nice buzz.

And in that quick second between thinking about it and then, doing it, Ellie leaned towards Pauli, hesitating for a nano-second as her eyes searched Pauli's face, and kissed her. A soft kiss, to be sure, but one with 'promises' of more to come, if wanted. 

For her part, Pauli's stoned-state prevented her from moving away from Ellie's lips, her eyes opened not so much in shock, as in surprise.

"Wha...why did you do that?" Pauli asked when Ellie's lips slowly left hers.

"Why not?" Ellie replied, her head resting on the couch back and still turned towards Pauli, her eyes still on Pauli's face, "Why? Was it so terrible?"

"Well...no, but...I mean I guess I wasn't expecting it, that's all," Pauli stammered in reply.

Ellie turned her head, still on the couch back, to face the window next to the fireplace, watching as more snow continued to fall, Pauli's eyes still on her.

"I just wasn't expecting that," Pauli repeated, her eyes still on the side of Ellie's face as Ellie gazed out the window.

"So, you don't want me to do that again, I guess?", Ellie replied her eyes still on Ma Nature's canvas that she was painting with big flakes of soft snow.

"Er, I didn't say...I mean, I don't know, I just wasn't expecting it," she reiterated for the third time, now.

Her excitement by the memory of her lips on Pauli's was kicked into high gear and, leaning forward to place her now-empty glass on the coffee table, Ellie slowly turned her head to face Pauli.

"And, if I was to do it again?" Ellie questioned, as she slowly leaned towards Pauli, Ellie's eyes dancing over Pauli's face for a sign that Pauli didn't want her to be kissed, again.

Pauli didn't answer the question but she didn't pull back either as Ellie's lips neared hers, and when Ellie's soft lips touched her own, Pauli let her kiss her again, her insides a tangle of emotions, a flush of warming shooting across her crotch, under her panties.

Sensing no resistance, Ellie worked her lips against Pauli's which, Ellie thought, started kissing back. Tentatively, at first, but as each second passed, more welcoming, enjoying the kiss, Ellie thought.

Holding the kiss, Ellie scooted a bit closer to Pauli on the couch, her tongue now dancing across Pauli's lips, softly prying, Pauli's breathing becoming a bit labored. Pulling her lips from Pauli's, Ellie kept her face close as her eyes, half-closed, searched her new friend's face for clues.

"How was that? Was that simply horrible?" Ellie asked, knowing it wasn't.

"No, no, not at all; it was fine, I mean, it was nice..." Pauli's voice trailing off into silence as she stared into Ellie's eyes.

Silently, Ellie pressed her lips against Paulie's again, allowing her tongue to slide between Paulie's lips which were slowly opening and defintely kissing Ellie back, this time.

Pauli opened her mouth to Ellie's tongue, her breathing harder and labored, her arousal quite evident. Ellie moved even closer as she held their kiss, their bodies up against each other's now. Softly, Ellie's hand caressed the back of Pauli's head, her fingers rubbing softly, and slowly, through Pauli's short hair, Pauli's breathing becoming more labored as she found herself unexpectedly aroused by Ellie's lips on hers. Pauli felt herself being pressed against the couch as their kiss increased in fervor, her mouth fully opened now, her tongue tentatively exploring Ellie's lips.

Pressing her mouth even harder, though not painfully so, Ellie slid her tongue into Pauli's mouth, letting her hand trail down Pauli's arms which were, now, sort of holding Ellie as they kissed. As the intensity of the kiss increased, Ellie slowly moved her fingertips up and down Pauli's arm, their tongues now fully engaged in explorations of the other's mouth, both of them breathing harder and harder from the sensuality of their kiss.

Sliding her hand down Paulie's arm, Ellie grasped Pauli's hand in hers, raising it until the tips of Pauli's fingers were just barely touching Ellie's breasts.

Breaking their kiss, Ellie stared into Paulie's eyes, their faces still close, their breathing still hard. While still looking into Pauli's eyes, Ellie brazenly placed Pauli's hand onto her breast, her own hand squeezing Pauli's in encouragement, moving Pauli's hand to softly caress her breast, her lips moving to kiss Pauli again.

Their kiss resumed, even more sensuous, even hotter, the sexual energy almost palatable in the darkened room, the fireplace's soft glow the only light. Removing her hand from Pauli's, Ellie moved hers to seek Pauli's breasts while Pauli continued to feel and fondle Ellie's breasts, her palm feeling Ellie's nipples hardened against it. Ellie quickly found Pauli's tit and began to fondle it, all the while, their kiss becoming more passionate, their tongues taking turns in each other's mouths, Pauli's 'free' hand now rubbing the back of Ellie's head, rubbing up and down Ellie's spine as she became more and more excited.

They continued to kiss and fondle each other, both, in would appear, equally turned on. Ellie's fingers started unbuttoning Pauli's blouse while her tongue worked circles along Pauli's ear, sliding down Pauli's neck as Pauli, with closed eyes, leaned back, raising her head, stretching her neck for Ellie's magical tongue to slide across. 

Gently pulling Pauli's blouse open as she unbuttoned the last button, Ellie's tongue slid slowly down Pauli's chest, tracing circles, leaving a trail of wetness behind it. Ellie suddenly pulled down Pauli's now exposed bra, freeing Pauli's breast and dropping her mouth onto Pauli's erect nipple, letting her tongue tease the large nipple, loving the feel of Pauli's nipple between her lips and teeth as she softly began to bite and chew on it. 

As she suckled on Pauli's tit, Ellie took Pauli's hand in hers again, moving it to slide under her sweater, moving it to her braless tit for Pauli to fondle...and Pauli did just that, her head thrown back onto the arm of the couch, her eyes closed, her body and mind experiencing too many emotions at once.

As she sucked and licked Pauli's breast, Ellie moved and straddled Pauli's now out-stretched leg, between her own, grinding her crotch against Pauli's knee, soft sounds of contentment coming from them both now.

Pauli held Ellie's head between her hands, mumuring softly, her words a non-sensical blabber of thankfulness, of encouragement. When she felt her nipple released from Ellie's mouth and felt Ellie's tongue snaking its way up her neck, Pauli pulled Ellie mouth to her own, nosily kissing and grunting at the same time.

"Ohhh, sweet Jesus, oh dear God," Pauli exclaimed into Ellie's mouth when she felt Ellie's hand cup her sex, through her pants, squeezing and rubbing as she did so. Pauli was sure she was going to come, but wanted to wait, to let it build up some more.

"Wait, wait," Pauli implored, "I mean..." her voice falling off as she felt a rush to her snatch as Ellie continued to squeeze and fondle her cunt.

Stopping, Ellie suddenly stood and pulled Pauli to her feet, wrapped her arms around her and kissed Pauli deeply, her tongue trying to enter her throat. Stopping again, Ellie took Pauli by the hand and pulled her behind her as she walked towards the stairway.

Knowing, really knowing what she was about to do, Pauli went willingly. It had been soooo long since she's had sex, and it wasn't like she was cheating on her husband with another man, I mean, this was different, right? More private, right? Just between her and her new friend, right?

Almost as in a fog, almost as if she was having an out-of-body experience, Pauli felt hands quickly taking her clothes off her body, feeling soft touches and kisses, until she stepped out of her pants that Ellie had pulled down her legs, letting them gather at her ankles. Standing, naked now, Pauli watched and found herself becoming aroused as Ellie disrobed, found herself gasping softly when Ellie's gorgeous breasts were revealed when the sweater was removed.

Feeling herself being pulled towards the bed, she let herself be laid down on the bed, wanting to feel Ellie's lips, once more, on her own.

And she did...

Ellie tenderly kissed Pauli, her tongue less forceful, her lips more caressing as they kissed. Ellie moved her hand slowly down Pauli's smooth belly, finding the wet clit, softly pinching it between her finger and thumb which drew a sharp intake of breath from Pauli.

And when she felt Ellie's fingers (two of them) enter her pussy, she opened her legs wider, her tongue responding by trying to go down Ellie's throat.

"Mmmmph, mmmmph," Pauli cooed, "Oh damn, damn...", her crotch humping against Ellie's fucking fingers.

But it was when she suddenly felt Ellie's mouth on her clit, Ellie's flicking tongue on her clit, it was then that Pauli screamed her orgasm to the world, pulling a pillow over her face to muffle the scream of pleasure.

Again, again, the spasms from orgasms just kept rolling over her body until she was physically spent, her breathing very labored, her body wet with the sweat of good sex.

Lifting her head from between Pauli's legs, Ellie crawled up and smothered Pauli with light kisses and touches, finally stopping and, leaving the bed, saying, "Don't move; I'll be right back, okay?"

"Okay," Pauli barely whispered in reply. Hell, at that moment she'd said OK if Ellie had asked her to go shoot someone; she would've agreed to anything that this Ellie would have asked her to do.

Pauli laid there, waiting, trying to sort out in her mind her feelings about what had just happened. I mean, it wasn't her first time with a girl. There was her college room-mate that Ellie reminded her, even more so now. Pauli and her room-mate had fooled around a couple of times, drunk when they had, but she had never experienced orgasms from those experiences. And hell, that had been twelve years ago, anyway.
