 "Can you take the kids to lunch after soccer?" Ann queried Ted as they were getting ready to leave the house Saturday morning.

"Sure, babe. What's up?" 

"Kari asked me to go to lunch with her. It's her first weekend with Bob having the kids and she's down in the dumps." Ann had told Ted about Kari and Bob's pending divorce on the evening of her return from the Sunday School retreat. She had not found it necessary to tell him about her intimate involvement with Kari.

In truth Ann was conflicted about that night. She never told Ted about her other time with a woman. That had occurred a couple of years earlier and had been a one-time fling induced by much alcohol and an aggressive seducer. With Kari she felt a deeper connection. She felt guilt almost as if she had betrayed Ted with another man. She had tried to make it up to him that Sunday night by giving him a blowjob in front of the TV after the kids were in bed and later on sucking his nipples and riding him in bed until he exploded inside her.

However, by now the guilt was lessening. She and Kari had lunched together weekly since the retreat and talked many times on the phone. In the three outings and dozen phone calls, neither had mentioned the Saturday night lovemaking.

Ann drove to Kari's in her Mercedes 'M' Class. Kari had been watching and bounced out the front door before Ann rolled to a stop in the driveway. Kari was wearing a halter-type silk sundress whose flowery print was perfect for the sunny day in late spring. When she jumped into the front seat the hem that ended several inches above her knees rode up even further. Ann saw a flash of the firm thigh. When Kari greeted Ann with a kiss on the cheek, Kari's breasts rubbed across Ann's arm.

"Where to," asked Ann.

"I've made reservations at Chequers. First, we'll have salmon en papillote with Pol Roger champagne. Then, Bananas Foster for dessert. My treat." Kari named an upscale restaurant that catered to business lunches. On an early Saturday afternoon it would be almost empty.

"No! I will pay," Ann stated forcefully. "You can't afford to spend money until things are straightened out." Bob had agreed to keep making the house payments but the amount of child support and alimony was still being haggled over. "But your menu sounds divine."

"I wanted to do something for you! You've been so supportive and you've given me a shoulder to cry on. I want to pay you back."

"When Bob gives you the money you're due will be plenty of time. Are we agreed?" Kari acquiesced and they continued on to the restaurant, catching up on the last few days of children's adventures and everyday life.

When they entered the restaurant, Kari mentioned the reservations. The hostess spoke to the waiter in passing. The restaurant was almost empty as Ann had expected, but they were seated in a booth in the far back corner. The waiter materialized with a bottle of Pol Roger and opened it with a small but satisfying pop. After Kari approvingly tasted it, he poured their first glasses.

The delicious liquid swirled in Ann's mouth and coated her throat. "You really planned this out."

"Well, I wanted something special since I was so blue. Here - we're so far apart. Let's slide around." Kari moved to the back wall of the booth, the silk in her dress making a feminine shhhhh. Ann moved around also, her cotton walking shorts making almost no sound. Instead of being on opposite sides of the table, they were now only about two feet apart. "No one will hear us now."

Ann glanced around the room. All she could see were long, spotless white tablecloths set with wine and water glasses beside gleaming silverware, waiting for new customers. "I don't think that would have been a problem anyway. We can't even see the waiter."

Kari looked around the room and leaned outward slightly. "I can see him when we need him," she said. "A toast: to being rid of a no-good, two-timing husband. Drink up."

They clinked glasses. All of a sudden Kari's glass was empty and she was pouring a refill. "That is a problem. With the waiter so far away we'll have to keep the wine flowing ourselves. Hey, you're not keeping up."

"I've got to drive, remember," Ann stated.

"We just got here and we're not in any hurry are we?"

Ann gave in and emptied her glass. Kari promptly refilled it.

"That big-titted slut was with him today when he picked up the kids."

Ann listened but didn't say anything about Kari's boobs, which were a large C cup and stood proudly begging to be kissed. "Now where did that thought come from," she wondered

"'We're taking them for a weekend in the mountains,'" Kari mimicked a simpering nasally voice. "Well, slut, why don't you cram one of those mountains where the sun don't shine."

Ann had heard a lot of complaints and tears during the last few weeks, but she had never heard Kari's voice with such a hard edge nor using such coarse terms. "You've got to be strong for the kids. Show them there's one adult that they can count on."

"I know. But it's so hard not to just punch that vapid little bitch right in her face, and kick him in the balls. Not necessarily in that order. Now I've still got to rattle around that big house all by myself until late tomorrow night. I bet they're up at Highlands Inn with a suite and she'll let him do her ass while the kids are sleeping in the other bedroom." Kari was definitely feeling the effects of the champagne. "Maybe if I'd let him do that he'd still be at home. Do you let Ted?"

The fact that Ann had now followed Kari into a third glass of bubbly and the waiter had delivered a second bottle influenced her truthfulness. "Well, once or twice a year I might get hot enough to let him do me that way, but often he'll use a finger or his tongue."

Conversation stopped while the waiter placed the sumptuous looking salmon dishes in front of them. "Anything else I can get you?"

"No thanks, Jack. We'll probably have dessert later but give us plenty of time with this," Kari replied.

As they began eating, Kari's imagination created a scene of Ann's revelation. She saw Ann's long slender body on all fours, her hanging breasts grazing the bedspread with her nipples, her knees at the edge of the bed. Ted's strong hands were separating her nether cheeks as he knelt on the floor and thrust his face between them. She could hear the slurps as his tongue washed that warm brown space. Kari gobbled another bite as she imagined Ted rising to begin thrusting his meat into that winking eye. First she imagined a cock about the size of Bob's; then Ted had seven inches to insert; finally, she upped it to eight inches long. What would she do to actually see that! She imagined Ted pounding into Ann until the redhead collapsed in orgasm, pulling off Ted's rod as semen spurted onto her back. Kari felt wetness between her legs as the actions and sounds repeated on an endless loop in her mind.

The conversation restarted, shifting back to innocuous topics. Although Kari continued to interject complaints about her soon-to-be-ex, bedroom activities were avoided.

"Are you ladies ready for dessert, now?" Jack was clearing the plates away.

"Yes, please," Kari replied.

"Jack, I'll have a cup of coffee, also" Ann requested. After four and a half glasses of champagne, she wanted to sober up some before driving.

"And you, ma'am," Jack looked at Kari.

"Oh no. There's still some Pol Roger left and I'm not driving."

The Bananas Foster with its alcohol-flamed sauce and ice cream made a great ending to over two hours of decadence at the table. It did not improve Kari's sobriety.

After Ann scooped up the last bit of ice cream, she saw a dribble of sauce on Kari's chin. "Kari," Ann motioned with her napkin.

Kari dabbed at the wrong corner of her mouth. After several tries Ann reached out and gathered the syrup with the tip of her finger. She giggled as she showed Kari the sticky sauce.

Kari suddenly grabbed Ann's wrist and extended her tongue, while looking directly into Ann's eyes. What happened next was at once lewd and the sexiest thing Ann had ever seen. The world contracted to Kari's mouth and Ann's hand. The red tongue delicately dabbed at the sweet drops. Then it extended even further and gently curled and swirled around the first two joints. Kari pulled the finger into her mouth. Ann could feel the tongue rapidly flick just the very tip of her finger. Finally, Kari pulled the finger back out with just a slight popping sound.

The little pop returned an almost hypnotized Ann back to reality. She immediately realized two things: Kari's other hand was inside the leg of her shorts and her panties were soaked. 

As Kari stroked the nylon between her legs, Ann felt her pussy lips separate and her clitoris reach for contact with those wonderful digits. "Kari, not here," she hissed. What if someone sees?"

"There's no one around to see."

Ann's legs fell apart as heat radiated up her body to her breasts and mind. Suddenly Kari's fingers were underneath the nylon slickly spreading the wetness over her clit. "Oh god, Kari," she moaned. Her hips began to pulse against Kari's hand. She felt Kari push two then three fingers inside while continuing to caress her clit with her thumb. The slight sucking sound of the fingers moving in and out made Ann feel slutty and hot at the same time.

Kari moved her other hand to the knot behind her neck. Ann watched as if in slow motion while Kari pulled one end of the knot. The bow contracted and then disappeared. When Kari dropped the end, the material slid down her chest and caught on her nipples. A brief shimmy and the deep red nipples were right in front of Ann's face.

"Suck them," Kari pleaded.

Now it was Ann's tongue that bonded the two women. As the red spear extended Kari moved forward. Ann gently washed the nearest nipple then swirled around the tip and ended with a hard flick to the center. As her head moved so Kari rotated her body to bring the other breast over for attention. This time Ann sucked in the breast and rapidly but lightly vibrated the nipple. 
While this continued Kari mimicked the action on Ann's clit. Suddenly, a white-hot bolt flashed from Ann's pussy to her head. She moaned in release but the flesh in her mouth muffled the noise. She slumped back in the booth.

Kari still had her hand between Ann's legs but then she shivered and shivered again before she fell back against the bolster as her hand pulled wetly away from Ann.

"She had an orgasm just from her nipples," thought Ann before she closed her eyes. She rested briefly. When Ann opened her eyes again, she reached out and pulled Kari's halter back up and gently tied it behind her neck.

Ann was touching up her lipstick when Jack appeared with the check.

"Thank you for visiting us today, Mrs. Waters," the hostess spoke to Kari on the way out. "You look so gorgeous in that dress today."

Kari beamed and Ann thought "How lucky I am to be out with her today."

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

There were just enough clouds to keep the day from being too hot. Maybe a dozen children chased around the lawn like a grounded flock of birds. The adults lounged in the shade, the lionesses supervising the offspring over the rim of wineglasses and the lions regally sipping scotch as they discussed baseball and other weighty matters. Ann's annual Memorial Day cookout would be a hit again. 

The salads, baked beans and desserts were arrayed on the tables, waiting to be plundered. The coals had been lit and soon the lions would toss on slabs of kill (which had been hunted by the lionesses, of course) for the adults and hot dogs and hamburgers for the tasteless youngsters. 

"That blouse matches your eyes perfectly." Beth touched Kari gently on the side of the sleeveless knit shirt. "And the shorts: just tight enough to mold that sexy butt but loose enough to complete the innocent-virgin look." Her hand slipped to the top of Kari's hip.

"Do you really think so, Beth?" Kari looked over her shoulder and rotated her hips as if looking to see whether Beth was right. In reality she gave Beth an excuse to brush her hand over Kari's ass. When Kari turned back, her breast rubbed against Beth.

Ann heard and saw this as she approached the pair. "She just met Kari today," Ann thought. "What is she doing caressing her here in front of all our friends? And Kari warming up to her! Don't make a scene." Ann seethed internally at Beth's actions and Kari's response.

"Kari, can you help me with the lemonade?"

"Why don't you let Kari and I get it," Beth suggested.

"NO!" Ann amazed herself at the forcefulness of her reply. "I mean I just need one helper and Kari had volunteered earlier." Ann pulled Kari away by the arm.

Once inside Kari grinned. "I think you're jealous. Did you think Beth was trying to get into my panties?"

"Why would I think that?"

"Because she was. She was hitting on me as soon as she learned I was in the midst of a divorce. You saw her touching me and complimenting me."

"Beth's been married longer than I have. She's probably just being playful."

Kari sidled up beside Ann. "You seem to like my playfulness." Her voice was husky with a hint of desire. "I certainly like yours." She caressed the inside of Ann's thigh. Since the luncheon at Chequers, every personal encounter between the two had prompted some sexual activities.

"I'll show you playfulness." Ann growled with the heat of anger. She roughly pushed the shorter woman against the kitchen island as she vented her emotions physically. "Watch for anyone coming in."

Ann thrust two fingers up the leg of Kari's shorts. She didn't even try to slowly warm Kari up but immediately began massaging her clit. In a few seconds she could feel the wetness spread along Kari's slit. "You like it rough sometimes, huh? Did Beth cock your trigger and now you want me to get you off? Is that it?"

"Unnnhhh, Ann do my clit hard. Pinch it." Kari ground the hand between her hips and the edge of the counter.

Ann slipped another finger inside Kari's panties. It was awkward with the slim leg opening and the angle but Ann didn't want Kari to know there was any problem. Two fingers now trapped the sensitive nubbin while the third continued to stroke the hot, wet velvet.

"You want to act like a slut for another woman? I also saw you rub your body against her like a bitch in heat." Ann's voice had a hard edge and she was pinching Kari's clit repeatedly.

Ann took a chance and slid her other hand under Kari's blouse and grasped her nipple. Then simultaneously, she pinched and pulled the nipple while pinching the clit hard.

"Oooooh god," Kari slumped over the counter. She only managed to keep standing because Ann had trapped her there. Her pussy and ass spasmed rapidly for almost a minute. She lay across the island for another 30 seconds. "Let's get the lemonade out," she said shakily.

In a few minutes they were placing two jugs on a side table for the kids.

"Did you have a problem? It seemed like you two were gone for a while," Beth remarked.

"We just needed to stir things up," Ann replied. She motioned in the air with her hand. It swished close to Beth's nose.

Beth's eyes widened with recognition of the odor on Ann's fingers.