 *Full Disclaimer: This erotica is catered for LESBIAN WOMEN, but you are welcome to read regardless of gender or orientation! 

***

It had been an eventful month for Claire. She came over to Sabine's house nearly everyday to tutor her. About an hour into the session though, Sabine would start to fiddle with Claire's blouse, popping button by button open. Claire would feel her breath waver as Sabine did this, Sabine's sensual touches burning her skin. 

"Is she the devil?" 

Claire would think to herself, as she would lean into Sabine's hands, always ready for more and more orgasmic pleasure.

On this particular day, Claire could feel something was different. She felt herself thinking dirty thoughts about Sabine bending her over a kitchen table and spanking her. She felt her eyelids flutter with excitement as she imagined Sabine ravaging her sweet, wet pussy with a strap on. 

Sabine, in Claire's messy fantasies, gripping Claire by the waist as she rode the strap on, feeling her tits rise up and down, moaning loudly. Claire could practically feel her warm juices spilling down from her freshly shaved pussy. She was brought back to the present only to find that Sabine was sitting at the lunch table across from hers. 

"Hey babe. What are you thinking about?" 

Claire looked up flushed as she crossed her thighs, gripping the bench to keep herself from sitting her wet pussy on Sabine's face. God she wanted Sabine so badly right now she could barely breathe. A breeze blew through, and Claire could feel her soft,rosy nipples grow hard, poking through her yellow cotton sweater. 

"wha?" Claire looked up from her unappealing leafy salad to make eye contact with Sabine's piercing ocean blue eyes that were eating her alive. 

"Come on, let's skip class." Sabine wound her fingers in Claire's. 

"Fuck, I can't. I have a History test now." Claire moaned softly, fighting desperately against her nagging will. She wanted Sabine to take her home and fuck her body senseless. 

"Why fight it?" Sabine whispered in Claire's ear, causing her to shiver. "You're so horny, I can practically smell it on you." Sabine softly licked Claire's dainty earlobe. Claire moaned a little louder. 

"Uhhhh...I can make it up tomorrow." Claire said as she dashed out the door of the high school, holding Sabine's soft, calloused hand. 

"You look hungry sweetie. That salad looked like it had been fucked in the ass." Sabine chuckled as they sped down the streets, making sharp twists and turns. Claire opened her legs softly, attempting to get some air. She felt her wetness pool onto Sabine's black seat. She immediately closed her legs and blushed ferociously. 

They arrived at Sabine's apartment. The scent of Ocean scented candles hit Claire as she walked in the door. The smell only caused her to become more wet, feeling a drop trail down her perfect thigh. 

"You like the smell baby?" 

Sabine came up behind Claire and placed warm, wet kisses on her neck. Claire leaned into Sabine, her pussy throbbing with each brush of Sabine's lips. Sabine trailed her hands down to Claire's lacy, blue panties, running her fingers along the panty outlined entrance of her tight opening. 

"You're so wet for me today..." 

Sabine trailed off, deep in thought of what she might do to Claire. Claire turned to Sabine and gave her a passionate kiss, wrapping her arms around Sabine's peaches and cream coloured neck. Their lips molded together perfectly, creating tingles all over their bodies. Claire could make out with Sabine all day, feeling their lips mold and then break apart only seconds at a time for air. 

Claire felt bold. Bolder than she ever had in her whole entire life. Claire looked at Sabine with glassy brown eyes and said something she never thought would come out of her usually clean mouth.

"I want you to take my virginity, Sabine. I want you to really.. do it with me." 

With that, Claire wrapped her legs around Sabine's waist and Sabine threw her on the bed. 

"Take off your clothes, Claire. I'll be right back. Be ready for me." 

Sabine kissed Claire long and hard and gave Claire's already hard nipples a soft tug. Claire hastily pulled off her yellow sweater and loose fitting skirt. She folded her soaked panties and placed them in Sabine's drawer. She'll want them later when she's fucking herself at night. Claire thought to herself. 

Claire laid down on Sabine's soft, plush bed. She got under the covers, feeling the white duvet envelop her petite body. She moaned softly as her wet pussy met the soft covering, grinding her clit it softly. 

Claire heard soft steps coming from down the hall. She heard the door close from behind her, the lock hanging from it giving a soft click. 

"Are you sure you want to do this Claire?" Sabine came over to Claire, rubbing the backs of her thighs and ass with long strokes. 

"Yes, I'm sure. I've never been more sure about anything in my life, Sabine." 

Claire found that her body was reciprocating to Sabine's warm hands by getting wetter. Claire moaned loudly as Sabine teased Claire's beckoning entrance with her fingers. 

"Yeah, you're definitely wet enough." 

Sabine smirked, taking Claire's hard nipples into her hands. She palmed Claire's tits, the gorgeous mounds fitting perfectly in her warm hands. 

Claire heard Sabine's belt buckle being loosened, and shuddered. She wanted all of Sabine, right now. She felt like she was going to explode from the sheer pleasure of the sounds and touches, and Sabine hadn't even penetrated her yet. 

"Palms down, ass up." 

Sabine instructed Claire, guiding her body where it needed to go, paying special attention so she didn't get hurt. 

"Put your tits on the pillow, Claire. Oh, and spread your legs babe." 

Claire felt the tip of a wet, hard dildo touch her entrance. She shivered softly, trying to push her body more towards the dildo. 

"Ready?" 

"Oh god yes, please Sabine. I need you so badly, please fuck me." 

With those words of encouragement, Sabine pushed all of the dildo into Claire. Claire's eyes filled with tears. 

"That hurts, Sabine."

Claire said softly, feeling her face become red and more tears come to her eyes. 

"I promise baby, it gets better. This is a little bigger than my fingers."

"Okay."

Sabine thrusted in and out of Claire slowly, and Claire's tears of pain turned into tears of sheer pleasure. 

"Oh Sabine, t-t-that feels g-good. So g-good." 

Claire slurred out her words as she felt the hard dildo and Sabine's silky thighs touching her own. 

"Here, how about you get on top, hm?" 

With that, Sabine flipped her over quickly, so that Claire was on top. Claire felt the dildo sink deeper into her pussy. She moaned loudly, as she rose her hips up and down, slamming her pussy down on the dildo. 

"Oh god Sabine!! Hold me!! I'm going to come!!" 

Claire shouted loudly, as Sabine wrapped her arms around Claire. Sabine moaned softly, the feeling of Claire's skin on her own was the best in the world. She could be with Claire forever, she wanted to be with Claire forever. 

Just as Claire was about to come, she heard a bang on the door.

"Sabine!! I know you're in there!!" Claire heard a woman shout from outside of the door. 

Claire's eyes shot open and her heart pounding, as she heard the the door burst open, there in the doorway was Sabine's mother.