 "First time flying?" I heard a soft voice speak to me. 

"Yes. Is it that obvious?" I asked. 

"Well, either that or that arm rest owes you money!" she said with a laugh. 

I glanced down at my arm rest and I did indeed have a death grip on it. My knuckles were white and the muscles in my forearms were tense, and we were still sitting on the ground for crying out loud! 

"Hey, if I can squeeze some of my money back out of this thing, then I'm going to give it my all!" I joked. 

"Just relax, dear. I've flown plenty of times. It's going to be just fine." The woman assured me. 

Relax? Psh, yeah, as if it was that easy! The thought of take off freaked me out, but not nearly as much as the thought of landing. What if there was crazy wind? What if the landing gear failed or broke off? What if... I shouldn't let my mind go crazy, but I just couldn't help it. 

My new "friend" had settled into her seat. I had the window seat and she had the aisle seat. I was hoping that the middle seat would remain empty, but I wasn't going to hold my breath. 

As luck would have it, after several minutes, it appeared that all of the passengers had been seated and were prepared for the flight, and the middle seat was still empty. Oh lucky day indeed! 

"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome onboard Flight 3A9 with service from Chicago to Costa Rica. We are currently third in line for take-off and are expected to be in the air in approximately ten minutes. We ask that you please fasten your seatbelts at this time and secure all baggage in the overhead compartments. We also ask that your seats and table trays are in the upright position for take-off. Please turn off all personal electronic devices, including laptops and cell phones. Smoking is prohibited for the duration of the flight. Thank you and enjoy your flight."

Oh shit! Here we go! I stared out the window, trying to calm my nerves. 10 minutes...10 minutes...then we'd be in the air. My leg was bouncing like crazy and I was gripping the arm rest within an inch of its life again. 

"Give me your hand." I heard a soft voice say to me. A warm, silky smooth hand touched mine. I looked to my left and the woman that was sitting in the aisle seat was now right next to me. I lifted my hand from the arm rest and our fingers laced together.  

"I'm Vanessa, by the way." She said. 

"Audrey. Nice to meet you." I replied. 

"So, Audrey, are you headed to Costa Rica for business or for pleasure?" She asked. 

"Definitely pleasure. I'm in desperate need of a vacation." I told her. 

"Me too! I'm ready to lay out by the pool and drink too much!" She exclaimed. 

"Hahahaha! That sounds like a wonderful plan!" I said. 

"Speaking of drinking, I'm ready to knock back a few right now!" I added. 

"Oh girl! We will definitely have to do that!" My new friend assured me. 

I was having such a great time talking to Vanessa that I didn't pay any attention to the fact that we were speeding down the runway. I felt the plane begin to lift and I was forced back into my seat. I gripped Vanessa's hand tightly as the plane climbed into the air. Thankfully it was over fairly quickly. I started to calm down, my breathing returning to normal. 

"See, it wasn't so bad was it?" Vanessa asked. 

"Thanks to you!" I replied. "You had me so distracted that I didn't realize it was happening until the last second."

"You're very welcome, my dear. Now, let's grab some drinks!" I could tell I was going to have fun on this flight. 

Wine in hand, we sat and chatted as we hurled through the sky. 

"Audrey, why is a beautiful woman like you alone on a trip to such a romantic destination?" Vanessa inquired. 

"I...uh, I don't have anyone to bring with me." I admitted. 

"Ah! Going to find a strong island man to keep you company?" She playfully asked. 

"Well...maybe more like an island woman." I told her. 

"Oh! Please forgive me. I didn't realize..." she began to apologize. 

"It's quite alright. How would you have known?" I assured her. 

"Vanessa, why is a beautiful woman, such as yourself, alone on a trip to such a romantic destination?" I inquired in return. 

"Oh, no particular reason. I needed to get away from the insanity of city life and work. I just want to be free and have an adventure. Maybe run around naked on a beach all day?" She explained. 

"Sounds perfectly reasonable to me." I stated. 

I raised my glass of wine and made a toast. "To freedom and adventure...and being naked!" 

Our glasses clinked and we both laughed. We had made it about an hour and a half into our 6 hour flight. I was beginning to feel a bit warm from the couple of glasses of wine I had consumed. My eyes were getting heavy and my body was relaxed. 

"Vanessa, I think I'm going to close my eyes for a bit." I told her. I put my hand on top of hers. "Thank you for keeping me sane earlier."

"It was my pleasure. Get some rest." She smiled warmly at me. 

I closed my eyes and drifted off. I had dreams of swimming in the ocean and exploring beaches and jungles. I wasn't alone in my dreams though. My companion throughout my adventure was the woman currently sitting next to me. The idea of her accompanying me gave me a warm feeling deep inside. 

When I woke, I was covered in a blanket and my head was resting against Vanessa's shoulder. She was asleep as well. I gently raised my head from her shoulder so I wouldn't wake her. She looked so peaceful as she slept. I had noticed earlier how pretty she was, and I couldn't help but study her beautiful resting face. Her hair was long and the golden blonde color shimmered. Her skin had barely a flaw, her lips were plump and soft looking. I wanted to kiss them so bad, but I wasn't sure if she was even into women. The way she reacted earlier led me to believe that she was straight. Just my luck. Oh, and her body...from what I could see, she was the definition of curvy. Even if she wasn't down with a little girl on girl action, at least I had a pleasant view on my flight. 

While I was admiring her and imagining all of the things I'd do to her, I saw her brow furrow and her lips part slightly. A very subtle whimper escaped as her body shifted. She woke with a jolt and let out a slight gasp. Her eyes met mine as I tried to play off the fact that I was blatantly ogling her. The red flush that washed over her cheeks caused me to believe that I was so busted though.

"Oh God! Was I talking in my sleep?!" She asked nervously. 

"No...just wrinkling your brow and moaning a bit. Must have been some dream." I teased. 

"Oh shit! Was I loud?" She asked. 

"Nope. It was more of a whimper actually. You look very...angelic...when you sleep." I told her. My remark causing her to smile bashfully. "What's the matter?" 

"I've never been hit on by a woman before!" She said. 

"Chill, it was just a compliment. Don't go getting all weird on me." I explained to her. She seemed embarrassed but happy. 

"But...you are beautiful." I confessed. 

"Thank you, Audrey." She said. "You are too, you know?" 

"Thank you, Vanessa. Did you cover me up?" I asked. 

"Yes, you looked cold. Your arms had goosebumps all over them and...well..." she leaned over and whispered to me, " your nipples were poking out." 

I couldn't help but giggle at her. If only she knew why my body had reacted that way. That it was because of her being in my dreams.

"Thank you very much!" I said. "This bra is so thin and sheer. It feels great, but it doesn't help hide much." 

"Oh. It uh, it sounds...lovely." She said.

"Oh, it is!" I informed her. "I've got to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back."

I shuffled past Vanessa, making sure to brush my round butt against her. I entered the cramped bathroom and attempted to pull my pants down. It was tight quarters and I couldn't imagine people having sex in here. While I sat there relieving myself, I had an idea. I pulled my shirt off and snapped a pic of myself in just my bra. It was white and basically see through. The soft material felt great against my breasts, but as I said, it didn't provide any padding. My dark nipples were very apparent through the sheer fabric.

I wiped and stood up. I pulled up my matching panties and decided to take a photo of them as well. My black patch of pubic hair was just as visible as my nipples were. I pulled up my pants, washed my hands, and returned to my seat. 

Vanessa was thumbing through her phone when I returned. 

"All better?" She asked me. 

"Much!" I replied. "Can you believe people have sex in those things?!" 

"That's what I hear." She said. 

"Remember my bra that I told you about?" I asked. 

"Yes..." was her reply. 

I moved my phone over towards her and showed her the picture. Vanessa blushed but stared at the picture intently. 

"I see what you mean. Damn, Audrey, you're uh, quite the sexy little thing." She stated. 

"Aw! Thank you! Here, I have matching panties on too." I said as swiped to the next photo.

Vanessa inhaled as the picture came into view. I swear I saw her quickly bite her bottom lip.

"They don't leave much to the imagination, do they?" She said. 

I just giggled at her statement.

"I think I'm going to go to the restroom before we eat." Vanessa told me. I watched as she stood, and now that I wasn't distracted with fear, I finally got a view of her standing. She had such a delicious ass and thick, curvy thighs. Mmm mmm mmm. I wondered if she was going to do anything else while she was in there?

We ate a bit and had another glass of wine each. We were about 4 1/2 hours through our flight at this point. I only had about an hour and a half left with Vanessa. I was so thankful that I had a seat next to her. 

"How long are you staying in Costa Rica?" I asked her. 

"A week. I'd love to stay longer, but duty calls." She said. 

"Yes, unfortunately I know all about that. I've only got a week too."

"What do you do back at home?" Vanessa asked. 

"I'm a Nurse Practitioner." I answered. "What do you do?"

"I work at a marketing firm. Nothing too exciting there. I'm not stamping out disease and healing people. We have some large clients though and the pay is good." Vanessa said. 

"So no love interests back home?" I questioned. 

"Nope." Was her simple answer. Maybe that topic was touchy. 

"What about you? No woman waiting at home for you to return?" Vanessa inquired. 

"Nope." I thought about leaving it at that but decided to explain a bit more. "Maybe I'll find some exotic lesbian goddess to ravage me on the beach."

"I'm sure you won't have a problem with that." Vanessa offered. 

"Vanessa! Are you hitting on me?!" I joked.

"No, just complimenting...chill." She said with a grin. 

I was starting to get a bit chilled so I covered up with the blanket Vanessa had covered me with earlier. Vanessa said she was cold too so I shared the blanket with her. It was plenty big enough for the both of us. My hand searched for the armrest under the blanket, and when I found it I brushed my hand against Vanessa's. I pulled away but her hand reached for mine. I turned my hand over and her fingers grazed over my palm a few times before she entwined her fingers with mine. I'm not sure what was going on with her, but I thought I'd let her have her fun. 

We sat with hands held for about 20 minutes. We messed around on our phones, chatted about our lives, and had more wine. I was afraid I was going to be stumbling off the plane if I had any more to drink! I was getting some flirty vibes from Vanessa, but I assumed it was the wine talking. Still, a girl could dream, couldn't she?

The announcement came on that we'd be arriving soon so we started to gather our things. Before long we were instructed to fasten our seatbelts, put our trays up, etc. and prepare for landing. I was much less nervous this time and soon we were safely on the ground and we began to exit the plane. Vanessa stood and the gentleman behind us let me go after. As we made our way to the exit, Vanessa had to stop abruptly and I bumped into her curvy round ass. I gave her a little pat on the butt, which I assumed she didn't mind since she gave her butt a little shake. 

Vanessa and I had gotten separated by people cutting in front on me, and when we walked through the door of the plane, I almost lost sight of her. I could see her way ahead of me, lost in the flood of people hustling to retrieve their luggage. I'd be damned if this was going to be the last time I saw her. 

"Vanessa!" I called out. "Vanessa!"

She spun her head around and scanned the crowd. I waved at her and she backed over against the wall to wait for me. I caught up to her and stopped. 

"What's going on, Audrey? Is everything ok?" She asked. 

"Yes, everything is fine, well...sort of. Come to dinner with me." It didn't mean it as a suggestion. 

"I...I'm not sure. I mean, I've got at least another half hour taxi or bus ride to my hotel. I've got my luggage..." she tried excuses but they weren't working. 

"Shh, shh...Vanessa, hold on. I'm renting a car for the week, so I can drive you wherever you need to go. I have my luggage too and it'll be fine in the trunk of the car. Now, this is just dinner. I just want some company. Please." I wasn't taking no for an answer. 

"Ok. Just dinner." She said. 

"Yes. Just dinner." 

With that settled, we gathered our luggage. Neither one of us had packed much which meant we didn't need a car with a larger trunk. 

We walked up to the counter at the rental car agency.

"What may I help you with today, ladies?" The gentleman behind the counter asked. 

"I'd like a convertible, if possible?" I stated. 

"Ah, yes ma'am. Let me see...we have a few basic models to choose from, then we step up to either the Chevrolet Camaro or the Ford Mustang GT." He explained. 

"Well, I've got a Mustang GT back at home...what about your luxury offerings? How about a Jaguar F-Type?" I inquired. 

"Oh yes! We have 2 available. Silver or blue? If it makes a difference, the blue has the V8." He said. 

"The blue one for sure! I need it for a week, please." I told him. 

We soon had the paperwork filled out and the keys were in my hand. We found our chariot, loaded our luggage and now had one final obstacle to overcome. 

"Where do we want to eat?" I asked Vanessa. 

"Uh...I have no idea!" Vanessa laughed and so did I when I realized neither one of us had any clue of what options were available. 

Luckily, Vanessa knew how the navigation system worked since she had a Jaguar back at home. We soon had a list of local restaurants and decided to see which ones looked promising. We drove by a few that looked absolutely packed with guests, so we tried finding one that was a bit less crowded. 

We soon found an establishment, parked the car and went inside. We had a wonderful dinner and washed it down with a few drinks while we talked. The drinks seemed to loosen Vanessa up a bit more and she was definitely becoming more flirty as she kept touching me while smiling and giggling. They were innocent touches though- her hand on mine, her foot rubbing my shin, her hand on my arm. And her smile! It was contagious! I was crushing on this woman hard. I so badly wanted to take her home. 

I glanced out the windows and noticed that the sun was starting to set. Vanessa turned around and noticed it too. There was a moment of silence as if we both new that our time together was coming to an end, yet we didn't want to acknowledge it. 

"Which hotel are you staying at?" Vanessa asked, finally breaking the silence. 

"I'm not staying at a hotel. I've rented a small bungalow on a private beach." I replied. 

"No shit? Well, I'm a bit jealous!" She laughed. 

"Want to come check it out? It's not far from here." I offered. 

"I don't know..." she said hesitantly. 

"Oh come on! Come see how I'm going to be living while you're cooped up in your hotel." I playfully bragged while I set my hand down on hers. "I might even let you come visit." Please come visit! Please please! I thought. 

"We can watch the sunset from the beach. No one around to bother us." I added. 

Vanessa stared at our hands before folding to my peer pressure. "I bet the sunsets here are lovely. I suppose I can stay for a while."

We paid our bill and navigated to my rental. From the main road, it took about two minutes to drive back to the bungalow. The setting was very secluded and there wasn't a neighbor in sight. We parked and walked to the front door. I entered the key code and the door unlocked. The inside had a definite tropical beach vibe. 

Warm wood was the main material. Large, exposed wooden beams rose to a peak above our heads. The walls were covered with wooden planks. The floor was stained a darker shade than the walls. A wall of full glass accordion doors faced the ocean and sheer drapes adorned every window. To the left was the kitchen and to the right was what appeared to be a sizable bathroom. The main room was open and a king size, four poster bed was in the center. The bed faced the giant wall of glass.

I walked to the massive doors and slid them open all the way. The breeze felt incredible. I unbuttoned the sheer, light blue top I was wearing which left me in just my white tank top. Vanessa took my cue and tossed her blouse off as well. Her red tank top hugged her voluptuous body incredibly well. Her cleavage was spilling out and I so badly wanted to strip her top off and explore those sensuous mountains of flesh.

We made our way out onto the small patio on the back of the house. There was a walkway through the trees down to a dock that extended out into the water, as well as access to the beach. 

Vanessa and I followed the path and I reached out to hold her hand as we walked. She willingly took my hand, which felt nice. We picked a spot to sit and gazed out over the ocean as the setting sun painted the sky with brilliant colors. We sat in silence as the sun slowly sank into the vast body of water. 

"It's sure beautiful here." I spoke. 

"It's breathtaking." Vanessa replied. 

"So are you." I told her. 

"Audrey..." She began to speak, while looking at me out of the corner of her eyes. 

"Stay with me tonight." I interjected. 

Vanessa didn't reply. Her eyes focused straight ahead. 

"Vanessa." I said softly, hoping for a reaction. 

"I shouldn't. I've never done anything like this before. I've never felt anything for a woman before. What if I regret my decision in the morning? She confided. 

"It's ok." I assured her. 

We were already sitting so close that our hips were practically touching. She sat to the right of me with her arms wrapped around her shins in front of her. I kissed her bare shoulder. Goosebumps spread across her skin, a soft moan escaped from her mouth, her eyes closed and her head tilted back slightly. 

I placed a few more slow, gentle kisses on her shoulder as I shifted my body towards hers. I placed my right hand on her lower back and slowly caressed her skin where her tank top had ridden up. 

"Your skin is so soft. It feels like satin against my lips and fingers." I whispered into her ear. 

"Oh God, Audrey...I'm..., I'm so torn." She said, her brow furrowed, her eyes closed, and I could feel her body relaxing. 

"Tell me you aren't enjoying this and I'll quit. Tell me you aren't curious." I whispered seductively. "Go on...tell me, Vanessa...tell me." 

My mouth was right next to her ear, her head tilted to the side providing me with access to what was surely one of her erogenous areas. 

"I can't... oh fuck...I can't say those words." She whispered back. 

I pressed my wet lips to her neck and kissed her flesh, my tongue swirling as my lips released. I trailed my tongue up her neck and sucked on her earlobe. She let out a whimper. I kissed her on her cheek and made a trail of tiny kisses until I reached her lips. Her head turned towards me as our lips met for the first time. Her lips were so full and luscious. They tasted of strawberry and I could still smell the wine from dinner on her breath. Kissing her was more incredible than I had imagined and she held nothing back as she pressed her lips into mine. 
