 As she opened the door, Sonia blushed deeply. Somehow, here she stood, completely naked in front of a woman she had just met two hours ago in the hotel bar. They had chatted a bit after Sonia noticed how the woman kept looking at her barely concealed breasts. Of course, wearing a low cut top with DD breasts was completely intentional on Sonia's part. The girl she had attracted was a redhead, with a nice figure and bright eyes. Sonia was a sucker for redheads and they had hit it off right away. After a few drinks, Sonia moved closer to Trisha, and intentionally grazed Trisha's arm with her breasts while leaning over to grab a napkin. Trisha, on her part, had grinned wolfishly and scooted in closer to Sonia; leaning on her while drinking another shot. 

After that, things had progressed quickly, Trisha had 'dropped' a peanut and needed to grab it off the floor, grinding her ass against Sonia as she did. As she emerged victorious from her excuse to bend over, Trisha cheered at finding what she was looking for and pecked Sonia on the cheek. Then she took Sonia by the hand and had led her up the hall and to the elevator.

As they waited for the elevator, Sonia could feel her nipples harden. Trisha noticed as well, and squealed with delight. Finally the elevator came, and the two girls got in. No one else was in there, and as soon as the doors closed Sonia kissed Trisha deeply. Trisha's hand grabbed Sonia's ass and she returned the kiss. The two breathed deeply, inhaling the exotic aroma of the other's femininity. 

Soon the elevator dinged and the two pulled away from each other just as the door opened and another passenger stepped in. The two girls giggled and waited for the elevator to make it's way to Trisha's room. 

As they finally reached their floor, the two girls hurried off, hand in hand, still giggling. Once they got to Trisha's room, she unlocked the door and let them in. As soon as the door closed, Trisha pounced on Sonia, pushing her lightly into the empty bed. As she landed, Sonia felt Trisha's hands caress her bosom, lowering her shirt to reveal her large aureolas. Trisha took the left one into her mouth, sucking gently and massaging the other breast with her hand. 

Sonia writhed with pleasure as Trisha continued to kiss her, now back up her neck and to her mouth. Their lips met again, this time a slower, softer kiss that grew and made Sonia's pussy drip with anticipation. Sonia reached for Trisha's skirt, to go under it. Trisha parted her legs and Sonia found a pair of soaked panties. She danced her fingers over them, feeling Trisha's delight in her tensing and moaning. Sonia continued to rub, faster and deeper, and Trisha started to gasp, then her gasps became louder as her first climax came upon her. As Sonia continue to finger her, Trisha arched back lifting off of Sonia and eventually dropping beside her. 

Sonia reached over and pulled Trisha's skirt completely off, while pulling the soaked panties off with them. There she found Trisha's auburn bush, and just the sight of it excited Sonia all over again. Sonia buried her face in Trisha's mound, licking and sucking and enjoying the smell of her friends juices. 

Trisha loved it. She purred with pleasure and kept muttering, "Sonia, oh, oh! Sonia!" Finally, Sonia felt Trisha's legs tighten around her face as she made her friend cum once again. This time, she felt a small splash of female juices on her face as Trisha ejaculated on her. 

"Oh, oh fuck!! Oh!!" Trisha cried out, seemingly oblivious to the wetness she'd caused. Sonia sat up, then leaned over to kiss Trisha. 

"Did you like my cum?" Trisha asked as Sonia leaned in. Sonia nodded. "Let me lick it off of you." Trisha licked across Sonia's face, taking her own juices back to herself. Then she grabbed Sonia's sundress and pulled it off over her face in one smooth motion. She was delighted to find Sonia wearing nothing at all under her dress. Quickly she tugged off her own tight top and the two sat on the bed in their full glory. 

As soon as Trisha's naked body was fully revealed, Sonia's desire to have her friend make her cum overwhelmed her. She took Trisha's hand guiding it to her moist and ready snatch. 

Trisha needed no further encouragement. She slipped her finger in, gliding back and forth expertly. It took only a few seconds for Sonia's orgasm to start. Much louder than Trisha, Sonia's screams were likely heard by many, but she didn't care. Trisha's hand moved smoothly continuing to push Sonia further into her orgasm. As it abated, Sonia climbed roughly onto Trisha, parting her legs and then slowly, carefully guiding her clit to Trisha's red pussy. The tingle of the first of Trisha's pubes touching Sonia's clit sent electricity up her spine. Sonia started to rub herself on that wonderful red bush, lower and lower until their pussies made contact. At that moment, Trisha started grinding against Sonia as well. Both girls grinding each other and the wetness of their pussies mingled so that they soon heard the sloppy wet sounds of their cunts rubbing together clearly. This time it was Sonia who started to orgasm first, but the sound of it sent Trisha over the edge as well. The girls both continued to fuck each other, tribbing enthusiastically against each other. Finally, both of them collapsed on the bed, exhausted. Sonia stood up to check her face in the bathroom mirror, to see if any of Trisha's cum was still there. There was, and Sonia used her finger to get it off. Then she sucked her finger dry, closing her eyes and enjoying the taste of another woman again. Then she turned around and Sonia blushed deeply. Somehow, here she stood, completely naked in front of a woman she had just met two hours ago in the hotel bar, both of them now flushed with orgasmic energy.

"Well that was fun," Trisha smiled. "I should really take you to dinner first though."

"Then let's go," Sonia replied, walking over and kissing her on the neck. "Or we can dine in," Sonia continued as she hopped on the bed, spreading her legs to reveal her wet mound.

"I think that sounds wonderful," Trisha replied, as she buried her face.