 "C'mon, sugar, let's get something cold on that cheek of yours," Marie said, holding her hand for Trish to take, leading her to the kitchen for some 'ice therapy'.

"Bitch caught you good," Marie observed as she placed an ice pack gently onto Trish's left cheek, the bruising starting to show the early signs of yellowing and swelling.

"Yeah, sucker-punched me, the skank," Trish replied with a chuckle.

Lifting the ice pack from Trish's cheek, Marie leaned in to look closer at the bruise, turning Trish to a more favorable light, to do so.

"Oh, babygirl, that's gonna' hurt for a few days, I'm afraid," Marie said after looking closely, then, kissing it, gently, sweetly, compassionately, "Sorry that had to happen to you last night."

"Thanks, Marie," Trish said with a smile, working her jaw muscles, gently, trying to gauge her pain level as she reapplied the ice pack, wincing from the tenderness of the bruise.

"Come on, hit the hot tub with me," Marie said, taking Trish's hand in hers, "You need to relax for a while, let your adrenalin get back under control."

Stopping in the living room, just off the patio that housed the pool/tub area, Trish slipped out of her clothes to join Marie in the tub. She noticed but, made no comment, that Ellie and Jen had sorta' paired off, in private conversation on one of the couches. On another couch, Pauli and Flo had done the same, Pauli's eyes darting between Flo's face and her bared breasts.

Inside of her head, Trish just smiled...

"Here, sit here, next to me," Marie said with a beaming smile as Trish entered the tub, sliding over on her seat to make room for Trish.

The water felt great, Trish thought, as she sank herself into the bubbling froth, sinking to the bottom for a second or two, the warmth easing her soreness.

"You're right, this feels wonderful," Trish observed as she took her seat next to Marie.

"Momma knows best," Marie said with a laugh, "I've had my share of bumps and bruises since I've been bartending."

They spent a short while with 'bar-war' stories, Marie thrilled to learn that Trish was an owner and therefore understood the tribulations of the business. 

"We're normally a quiet club, by strip club standards, anyway," Marie said as she leaned her head against the tub's edge, letting her body 'float' away from her, "But, those two? Almost a guarantee that there'll be problems; In fact, the owners are thinking about 86'ing them from the place."

"Probably should if they're trouble makers," Trish replied, her eyes taking in Marie's floating nakedness, admiring her flat stomach and perky tits.

Bringing her body back into a sitting position, Marie turned when she felt Trish's fingertips rubbing her shoulder, then moving to her neck, softly squeezing it between her fingers.

They stared at each other for a while, their eyes starting to fuck each other, Trish's fingers rubbing on Marie's other cheek, now.

And, as if it were ordained, their lips met in a soft, exploratory kiss, their mouths opening to accept the other's tongue. Moving her hand to cup and fondle Trish's breast, soft moans escaped from Marie's mouth. Breaking from the kiss, Marie's head and mouth moved to suck Trish's tit, her tongue playing over Trish's hard nipple.

Marie changed positions so that she could kneel on the tub's bottom, pulling Trish's body from the seat, lifting it, and, at the same time, sliding between Trish's legs. Holding onto Trish's ass-cheeks with both hands, she brought Trish's pussy out of the water and to her mouth, her tongue slipping into Trish's pussy as her top lip massaged Trish's clit.

"Oooooh yeah, that's gooood, sweetie," Trish cooed as the quick, first sign of orgasm made itself known.

Marie smiled to herself as she blissfully ate Trish; she knew it was good, she knew she was very, very good at eating pussy. Why wouldn't she be? Jen had taught her well......

Pauli and Flo were now alone in the living room. Jen and Ellie had left some time ago, hand in hand, walking the long hallway to Jen's bedroom. Pauli was now on her knees, naked, kneeling between Flo's splayed legs, Flo's hand on Pauli's head guiding it to her awaiting pussy. 

Pauli didn't mind. Pauli was very ready when Flo told her, after Jen and Ellie left the room, to strip, to take off her clothes. Pauli did as told, loving that the lust in Flo's eyes increased as she bared more and more of her body.

Pauli didn't mind it either, when Flo stood and kissed her hard, almost hurting her in doing so, or when Flo grabbed her hair with force, causing some slight pain at the roots as Flo kissed her.

"Kneel," Flo had commanded Pauli when she sat down on the couch, "Kneel and pleasure me," Flo said with a heavy breath.

And Pauli did so, confusion in her head as to why she was feeling elated at being treated this way by Flo. Confusion aside, though, Pauli felt stirrings in her crotch as she noisily dined on Flo's tasty snatch....

"On your stomach, Ms. Ellie," Jen said with a smile as she attached the strap-on harness to her body, "Prepare to get royally fucked."

"Only if I can do you afterwards," Ellie responded but moving to lay on her stomach as she said it.

"Don't worry about that, sugar, you're definitely going to fuck me afterwards," Jen answered as she knelt between Ellie's legs, her hand guiding the tip of the strap-on's cock to Ellie's awaiting slit.......

"Ooooh sweet Jesus, Oooooh damn, damn..." Trish panted excitedly as wave after wave of pleasure shook her very being to the core, Marie's tongue feeling like a cock inside of her pussy.

Lifting her mouth from Trish's excellent-she thought-pussy, Marie released her death grip of Trish's ass, licking her lips afterwards, smiling at the taste of pussy juices.

Getting out of the tub as Trish slowly recovered from her orgasms, Marie grabbed a couple of towels from the cabinet near the tub and began drying herself. When she was done, she tossed one to Trish who had just emerged from the tub, on shaky legs, at that.

"Damn girl, where'd you learn to eat pussy like that?" Trish asked, in awe of Marie's abilities at cunnilingus.

"My lezzie roomie, Jen," Marie answered, "Hell, before she got me drunk, naked, and in bed, I never thought about women sexually; liked to ride the bone a lot, ya' know?"

"Yeah, me too," Trish admitted, "don't miss fucking guys though, don't miss it at all."

"Good," Marie said as she moved in to hug Trish to her body, her hand falling to stroke Trish's ass as they kissed, "Come and show me how much you don't miss the bone," Marie said as she took Trish's hand in hers to lead her to her bedroom for some 'payback'.....

"More?...do you want more?," Flo asked as she eased the vibrator deeper into Pauli's ass.

They were in Flo's bedroom now, coming here after Pauli had 'pleasured' Flo to many climaxes in the living room. Within seconds of climbing into bed together, Flo was fingering Pauli to an orgasm while biting, and not softly, on Pauli's tits and nipples. After Pauli orgasmed that first time, Flo retrieved a large vibrator from her nightstand and used it on Pauli's snatch for a few more climaxes, Pauli's moans filling the room.

"I'm going to fuck your ass now, sweetie," Flo said softly as she leaned in to slide her tongue into Pauli's mouth in a lustful kiss while her finger toyed with Pauli's ass.

Sucking Flo's tongue into her mouth, Pauli pulled Flo tightly to her as she felt the tip of that monster dildo vibrating against her puckered hole. Still wet with Pauli's own pussy juices, the tip of the vibrator slipped in, slowly but suredly, as Flo applied pressure.

Pauli's eyes closed tightly as she sucked on Flo's tongue, almost coming from the pain/pleasure that she was feeling from the dildo, and, from the pinching of her breasts by Flo's strong fingers....

"Aaaah, aaaah, aaah.....," Jen's voice cried out as she moved herself up and down rapidly, kneeling over Ellie's crotch, the fake cock of the strap-on sliding in and out of her pussy.

"Oh yeah, baby, oh yeah...come, baby, come," Ellie coaxed as her hands freely squeezed, fondled and pinched Jen's breasts, her hips bucking upwards in a fucking motion as Jen straddled her, cries of pleasure filling her bedroom.

And when Jen came, she came with a Captial 'C', her screams of release obviously able to be heard within the house, if not the nearest neighbor, a quarter of a mile away.....

It was late in the day, Sunday, when the traveling trio dragged their well-fucked, well-eaten, well-sucked bodies to Ellie's Camaro to go back to their hotel.

Not much was said by any of them as Trish drove them back to their hotel for (1) Showers, (2) Food(they hadn't eaten in many hours and were famished) and (3) Rest, much needed rest...

Top down, and with Vegas in the rear view mirrors on the interstate, Ellie drove the girls out of town on Monday morning, little being said for the first hundred miles or so.

"Have to say," Ellie announced as she concentrated on the road ahead, "This may have been the 'mother' of all road trips."

"Ya' think?,Sherlock?," Trish exclaimed with mock indignation, feeling a sharp pain to her cheek when she did so.

"My pussy hurts!," Pauli complained from the back seat, "and so does my ass."

Ellie and Trish shared sideways glances with each other before breaking out in laughter...