 In my world nothing is ever random even when it seems to be, because random in my world leads to chaos, uncontrollable chaos which seemed to follow me despite how cautious I could be at times both personally and professionally. 

Chaos which I usually have to find my way out of, or at least a creative way to make the sudden chaos whatever it may be ,work in my favor and so far I had been lucky .

I had been in South Beach for nearly two weeks now, winding my way back and forth between the Bahamas, and Jamaica mapping new routes and working new schedules for pickups and drops of stolen cars, drugs and whatever else was to come my way in the coming days and months.

I was walking out the elevator of the Avalon Hotel a little past five in the afternoon just like I had in the days past, followed closely by Buzz as usual when I caught a glimpse of my gorgeous brunette banker Rachael Harris, a fleeting glimpse of her as she stepped into the other set of elevators just across the narrow hallway from me, our eyes locking instantly as the heavy chrome doors slid closed.

She was a vision of sensuality and power in a tailored black suit, the sight of her sent my mind reeling as I stood there for just a moment trying to figure out what she would be doing here , before Buzz ushered me on, oblivious to what had garnered my attention.

What was my gorgeous banker doing here; it had been weeks since I'd seen her, weeks since I'd had to deal with my growing addiction to her.

I had stopped our affair suddenly, with barely a reason and no intention of changing my mind because I thought it was the smart thing to do at the time, but my need for this woman ran deep, it had been near consuming and I had balked which was something I rarely did when it came to something I wanted or needed. Rachael hadn't understood , and never missed an opportunity to try and convince me to change my mind and I wasn't sure how much longer I could avoid the inevitable , how much longer I could avoid the pull of her and the chaos that will surely come from having her .

I was leaving the hotel and headed to a salsa club in Coconut Grove, another meeting, another long night, only now I had the added distraction of my gorgeous brunette banker lingering through my mind.

Images of our short, yet torrid affair began to flash through my mind, bombarding my senses and making it difficult to concentrate on my night ahead.

My evening was going to be routine enough, a meeting in the backroom of the Sky Club with Armando Reyes the head of the Reyes family and the largest supplier of cocaine in the south. 

We had a long standing business relationship, one that we both planned to continue and with my recent agreement with Agent Emilee Welsh that was sure to happen. 

I had acquired new territory for my all business associates through my deal with the stunning red head Federal Agent, and that meant more business for both Armando and me.

More territory meant more product , more product meant new distributors, new dealers and new enemies, which also meant heavier security and that was why we were meeting tonight.

We needed to plan security for drops of cocaine heading into Brownsville Texas, something that I could easily handle , except Armando had insisted that he supply me with half of the muscle I would need and of course I wouldn't disagree with him , I never did.

I met with my old friend in his office at Sky, leaving Buzz just outside the door diligently, this would only take a few hours and then I could get back to the hotel and possibly find out why Rachael was there, not that it was any of my business, but it would be the only way to get her off my mind, the real question would be, could I do that without letting her get under my skin.





I had managed the meeting by sheer routine I was sure, my host as commanding as ever as we laid out plans for the coming few months, Armando funneled cocaine into the states from south America , from there I moved it across the states from Texas to the Midwest until finally flooding through the eastern seaboard.

I sat over the next four extremely boring hours trying not to be distracted by the sight of Rachael earlier, tried not to be distracted by the thought of her gorgeous body , or how she could make me feel. Armando and I sat plotting and planning for as much as we could until my handsome Latin host suggested we go to a late dinner, that he was starving and needed a break.

I of course agreed, and along with Buzz and a few other well-armed guards we left the packed salsa club and headed to the marina back in South Beach, to Armando's favorite steak and seafood restaurant.

I was the only woman in this mix of varying criminals and had no problem with that, Becca was usually with me but she had stayed in Savannah for this trip taking care of things at the shipping company and our dance club while I was gone.

In the morning Buzz and I would leave for the Bahamas one last time to wrap up a few things before heading back home to Savannah , back to my other life of Savannahs social elite and my ruse of legitimate business woman and philanthropist.

We dined on rock lobster and steak and reminisced about the many years we had known one another, my father Jack and Armando's father Javier had started their business partnership from just a small dope run to Columbia in the late eighty's and it had eventually grown into what Armando and I controlled now. 

An ever growing network of thieves, drug dealers, numerous suppliers, politicians and corrupt law enforcement, which had spread over a good part of the southern United States and parts of South America which kept the machine rolling freely, and the money flowing into both our pockets.

Armando's work ethic was a little less strict than mine, as I had wanted to go back to the club and finish our plans after our dinner so I could get back to the hotel, he on the other hand had a different idea, ever the classic Latin playboy he suggested we go to the new strip club recently opened by his oldest son Frankie.

Who was I to disagree, maybe a strip club would be just the thing to take my mind off Rachael, because I hadn't stopped thinking about her the entire night and could certainly use the distraction. 

We had left the marina headed to Miami Beach and had put our meeting on hold for the moment as I rode in Armando's black Mercedes with him followed closely by Buzz behind us and his bodyguards in front of us.

The club was lavish, and packed for so late in the evening; it was midnight as we headed inside past the still waiting line of grumbling people wanting to get in before the club closed.

I must have been too quiet in the car on the way because Armando had immediately pulled me into the VIP lounge telling me that we were going to party like we normally did to celebrate our newest business venture.

It only took moments for the small VIP section to fill up with beautiful women and numerous bottles of champagne, music thumped and lights flashed as an array of near naked women danced on the stage in front of us.



I slipped easily into the moment welcoming the familiar distraction , which would keep me from thinking about my gorgeous brunette banker , the liquor would take my mind off her and I was sure I could find someone to occupy the aching need I had growing in me.

Armando sat across from me regaling the two busty blondes on his lap about the times we had shared over the years and the sometimes comical situations we had always managed to get out of.

The crowd was slowly growing by the minute, people coming and going, stopping to say hello to Armando and to pay their respects to someone who they clearly admired.

Champagne flowed and the women came and went , a steady stream of beauty moving in and out of the small roped off area, my eye was caught suddenly by the stunning brunette walking toward me in the swirling lights and I smiled as she approached , she looked almost like my brunette banker, but not quite . 

"Hi my name is Maya... Frankie thought you might like me?" she purred, smiling at me as she slid into my lap with a soft kiss to my lips.

Her eye color was wrong but for the moment she would do, to quell the ache I was fighting, to keep me preoccupied, to keep me from going back to the hotel and finding Rachael to give in to the urge she had created earlier simply in our brief passing.

"Frankie is right, I'm Jordan." I said, as I kissed her again slowly, letting my little monster out to feed just a bit.

And just like that I had immersed myself in the moment as Buzz stood by watchful and patient as he always did, oblivious to the throngs of beautiful women around him and within earshot at all times.

Buzz was a permanent fixture whenever I travelled, I was too paranoid for him not to be, because you never knew what was going to happen moving in and out of this sometimes dark world I chose to live in and he had saved my ass more than one time. With Buzz near I always felt safe, always felt secure when he had his watchful eye on the situation.

Another round of drinks was ordered, and we sat watching the girls perform both onstage and in our little corner of the club well past one in the morning.

I had stopped thinking about Rachael, and had chalked our earlier moment up to pure coincidence and had finally lost myself in a haze of the gorgeous creature in my lap and the perfectly hand rolled blunt we were now sharing. 

Armando has disappeared upstairs with the two blondes some time ago and my stunning companion had produced the blunt, we shared the smooth smoke, passing it back and forth as she sat straddled across my lap, her wonderful body moving to the beat of Mary J. Blige singing" family affair" as it pumped out of the speakers around us.

"Take her back to the hotel; get the banker completely off your mind!" Was what my little monster suggested as we passed the blunt back and forth, I sat back comfortably as Maya leaned over me her delicious lips just inches from mine.

She exhaled slowly, and I inhaled when she shot gunned the piney smoke deliberately into my lungs as she ground against my lap; I tipped my head back and let the thick smoke and the feel of this woman consume me. I held in the smoke as she leaned back, my hands drifting lazily over my new friend, getting acquainted with her gorgeous body. 

The black mini she wore , left little to the imagination and I was thoroughly distracted as we sat together, the club still pumping with life around us , I was barely aware of Armando when he sat back down . I was too distracted by how good Mayas lips felt against my neck as she kissed and bit at the skin just under my ear, her words as tempting as she was.

"We should go somewhere more private." she said against my ear, as she bit at the lobe before sucking it between her teeth.

Through a desire filled, stoned fog, I saw Frankie approaching followed by a group of people making their way toward the VIP undoubtedly to join us and to continue the party.

Frankie Reyes walked up, looking as dashing as ever, his good looks mirrored his father s and the two men were just as close in demeanor. 

The younger Reyes smiled as he stood in front of me now, proud of his little gift for me.

"I knew you would like her." He beamed proudly.

"Your taste is impeccable as usual." I said, with a slight smack on the brunette's ass.

"Give me a moment; I need to wrap up some business?" He asked politely as he stepped away, knowing I wouldn't mind.

Just past him in the swirling club lights stood my brunette banker, her hypnotic eyes locked on me as I sat enjoying Maya's company, the look said one thing , she was as stunned to see me as I was her and I couldn't look away. 

The beautiful woman on my lap suddenly didn't matter, and certainly would not do to appease my craving; the only thing that would feed this addictive ache was the woman standing just twenty feet from me now.

I ignored the soft words being whispered in my ear and concentrated on Rachael and Frankie as he kissed her on the cheek and smiled as he walked away from her. 

The bodyguard shadowing her carrying a large black bag loomed behind her, waiting as she looked right at me and flashed me a cocky grin before turning and walking slowly away, through the throngs of people and into the depths of the club.

I sat for a moment, just a moment before my addiction got the best of me and with a soft kiss to her cheek I slid a confused Maya off my lap and stood signaling for buzz.

"Get the car, we are leaving!" I snapped, as I tried to think through a mix of stoned and suddenly decisively sober.

It only took minutes for me to apologize for leaving before the party was over and to get out of Frankie's club, and then a quick ride back to South Beach and I could find Rachael and possibly feed this ache I was feeling.

I stood for a moment, staring actually it was more like glaring angrily at the twenty- something that was smiling at me from behind the front desk.

With a polite answer she had told me there was "no one under either of those two names registered at the hotel."

I replayed this afternoon over in my head, the image of my banker stepping into the elevator.

"Is there anything else ma'am?" the chunky Latina asked with another overly polite smile.

"No, thank you." I said, heading toward the elevator and a patiently waiting Buzz.

"No messages?" he asked.

"No." I deadpanned.

We stood waiting for the elevator ,and I thought of calling her but knowing I shouldn't, when the doors opened I stepped inside and resounded myself that this was smarter , that it was better that I didn't feed my addiction to her.

As I stepped off onto my floor followed closely by Buzz, I said goodnight politely to my trusted friend like we had done a million times and I slipped my key card into the door.

The first thing I noticed was the noise coming from the street below through the sliding glass doors leading to the balcony, the sound of music and late night partiers moving up and down the street filtered into the room.

I hadn't left them open I was sure I of it, nor had I left instructions for housekeeping to open them so

I stood quietly leaning against the door, listening for any sign of an intruder, any sign of something about to go horribly wrong and wondering if Buzz could hear me in the adjoining room if I needed him.

Nothing.

Not a sound.

I walked slowly toward the sliding glass doors, cautiously moving around the furniture in the room, my eyes scanning looking for anything seeming out of place.

My brunette banker was standing lazily against the door frame, staring out at the night sky of Miami, the blazing, blue neon on the street below casting everything in the room in a soft, luminous shade of pale blue.

"What, no stripper to distract you?" she asked, her tone condescending.

"No." I answered, cautiously waiting for whatever was about to happen.

My newest addiction stood staring out at the night; arms crossed comfortably across her chest, feet crossed at the ankle, her body language didn't match her tone.

"That's good...because you and I are going to talk." she commanded.

"How did you get in here?' I asked, slightly defensive at the notion she could get into my room so easily.

"I slipped the maid a hundred dollars." She answered, not turning to face me.

"Oh well,... so much for security." I mumbled.

"I want a goddamn explanation Jordan, I think I deserve one!" She said firmly, she was clearly angry at me.

I had been waiting for this, hell I'd had it coming I was sure. 

I walked closer to her, slowly approaching her from behind stopping suddenly when she turned around,

those hypnotic green eyes locked on mine, waiting for me to give her a reason as to why I had stopped our short torrid affair so soon.

That familiar crawl began to consume me, whenever I was near her, I was like an addict aching for a hit, in need of a little something to quell the need I still felt for her. I could feel my breathing change with no warning, and the blood rushing through my veins caused my ears to ring. I stood transfixed in my spot, knowing I shouldn't do this, knowing how dangerous this could eventually be for us. 

"You were getting married that next day, it changed the rules." I said softly, wanting her to take that answer, even though it was a lie.

"You knew I was getting married before we started this, and your morals aren't that high so try again!" She demanded her tone even more firm and unwavering.

I waited a moment, relishing in the shivers her tone of voice gave me, staring at her as she moved closer to me almost face to face now in the dark room.

"Do you have any idea what could happen if he found out about us?" I asked deliberately bringing up her new husband, the district attorney, and slowly moving away from her, needing the distance to breathe and think clearly.

"Yes I do, I understand the consequences of this and what I'm asking of you, but I never thought you would be afraid of him." She said her tone goading, intent on riling me up.

I wasn't afraid, I was far from it and slightly insulted at the insinuation.

"He's the last person I could possibly be afraid of!" I growled, defending myself.

" Well he seems quite good at keeping you from me , ...without even knowing about us so what else is it? " she snapped , her eyes dark and threatening as she stayed with me , moving , not giving me room to think.

My gorgeous brunette banker wasn't backing down, wasn't going to give me the opportunity to bullshit my way out of this, not that I was going to, the ache I felt for her was too embedded now to ignore.

Too much of a need, to not satisfy it fully.

"You and I danced around this for years Jordan, you finally give me a taste and then you just decide you will walk away without any warning or explanation, did you not think I would not be angry about that?" she hissed, trying to keep her voice down.

"I'm sorry, but I had to .....It was just too dangerous to keep taking the chances we were taking and now that you're married even more so." I said, trying calmly to rationalize my decision.

"I am a big girl Jordan, I've been making my own decisions for years now .......I understand how dangerous being associated with you or any of the other criminals I do business with is , I understand who you are and what you do , how could I not... I launder your money for fuck sake!" she growled, moving away from me now and beginning to pace.

"Then you should understand what one little slip up means , what the wrong person knowing we are intimate can do to us.....and what kind of trickle-down effect it will cause if your husband, the goddamn district attorney gets even the slightest inclination that I'm fucking his wife!" I snapped back, moving toward the bar on the other side of the room.

Even agitated at her I was still aching with need for her, I still let my eyes wander over her delectable body, still felt the pull of my ever growing addiction to her. 

I pulled two Heinekens from the mini bar and sat hers on the bar that now separated us; turning my back to her I took a long slow drink, gathering my thoughts.

Rachael ignored the beer I offered and only continued to pace, continued to mount her assault on my will power.

" I started this remember Jordan , after working side by side with you for the last three years , laundering hundreds of thousands of dollars for you , I pushed the boundary of our perfectly good working relationship and I was more than well aware of the risk involved for both of us." Rachael said as she continued to pace, pausing just a moment in front of me. "And I was very aware of the effect it would have on that relationship when I came on to you that night at the bank all those months ago." She added, moving again as I did, I walked slowly to the sliding glass doors and slid them closed shutting out the noise of passing cars and loud partiers below us on the street.
