 The problem with Natalie was that she wasn't sure what she wanted: boys or girls. Nicki and Andi admittedly enjoyed both, but Nat didn't want to be one of those girls that went both ways. She thought that was a sign of desperation. Nicki told her to call it what she wanted, but at least Nicki and Andi were having orgasms on a regular basis, and they weren't all self-induced.

Like Andi (when Nicki first met her), Nat was a virgin. The most she had ever done with a guy was kiss – but to her credit, she was a very good kisser. Some of the girls on her softball team made passes at her, but she always declined with a smile. She was starting to wonder if she should accept the next pass a girl made.

Nat hadn't had very good luck with boyfriends. They either didn't hold her interest, or were too eager to get in her pants, especially after making out with her for a few minutes. It usually ended the same, though. They would say or do whatever they thought would work, and she would deny them. Their feelings would be hurt and then they would say something awful. Nat would cry, and that would be the end of it. 

Nicki decided that intervention was in order and made a trip to the local porn store and purchased a strap-on.  She waited until the other girls were out of the apartment to make her move.  Natalie was lying on the couch in her pajamas, watching less-than-interesting TV. Nicki stepped out of her bedroom wearing stiletto high heel shoes, a necklace, bracelet, and ankle bracelet – and nothing else. Nicki's hair was down, sleek and shiny, and styled like she was going to be photographed for the cover of a magazine. Her make-up was heavy on the eyes and the dark red of her lipstick matched the color of the polish on her fingernails and toenails.

"Have a hot date?" Nat asked. "You might want to put a little more on if you want to stay out of jail." "I have a date, alright. But I'm not going anywhere." Nicki answered. She stepped between Nat and the TV, turned around, bent over, and turned off the TV. Before standing back up, she reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart, then slid her hands along her sides before reaching between her legs and pulling apart her pussy lips. She slid a finger inside, pulled it out, and then turned around. She walked up to Nat and put her wet finger to Nat's mouth.

"Want a taste?" Nicki asked.

"Are you high?" Nat answered.  Nicki tilted her head as if she didn't understand. "Your loss," Nicki said as she put her finger in her mouth and licked it like a lollypop.

What are you doing, Nicki?" Nat asked.

"Trying to figure you out, that's all." Nicki answered.

"Well, stop trying. You're freaking me out." Nat said.

"Don't you find me attractive?" Nicki asked.

"Yes, you're very pretty most of the time." Nat answered.

"What about now? Don't you think I'm pretty now?" Nicki asked.

"Now, you look like a slut. An expensive slut, but still a slut." Nat answered.

"If you were a guy, would you want to fuck me?" Nicki asked.

Nat looked at her hard, and her hand subconsciously rubbed lightly on her pussy. "I suppose, if I were a guy, I'd want to fuck you." Nat said.

"Well, sweetheart today is your lucky day." Nicki said as she walked in her bedroom and reappeared seconds later with a strap-on dildo. "Today, you get to be a guy, and I want you to fuck me."

"Nicki, you've lost your mind." Nat said. "If you need to get laid that badly, I think the apartment custodian is still cleaning up outside."

"Maybe later." Nicki answered. "You see Nat, most girls have penis envy and it's because they want one inside them. I think you have penis envy because you wish you had one to fuck other girls." Nicki said.

Nat felt uncomfortable and stopped rubbing her pussy. Nicki took off her shoes and jewelry and sat next to Nat on the couch.

"Look, I'm just asking you to try it. It's just you and me, and if it bothers you that much, we can stop. I just want you to try." Nicki said convincingly. Nat thought for a moment. She looked at Nicki, and then looked at the strap-on.

"What do you want me to do?" Nat conceded.

Nicki stood Nat in front of the couch and had her remove her pajamas. Nicki pointed to her T-shirt and panties, and Nat reluctantly removed those, also. Nat's pubic hair was naturally short and sparse. She didn't shave her underarms, either. Her breasts, to Nicki's surprise, were quite large and beautiful. Nat had been either embarrassed or ashamed of them and tried to hide them with loose T-shirts.

"Natalie, you're body is beautiful," Nicki whispered. She leaned forward to kiss Nat, but Nat backed away.

"I don't know if I can do this." Nat said. "If you're not the biggest slut on campus, don't you at least have something with Andi?" "I'm not the biggest slut on campus, and I do have something with Andi." Nicki answered as she leaned in to kiss Nat again. "If Andi was here right now, she'd lick my pussy while I kissed you. If I wanted her to, she'd lick yours, too."

Nat leaned in to kiss Nicki and their tongues quickly entwined. Nicki's pussy flooded with wetness as she learned the rumors about Nat's kissing were true. It was the hottest kiss she had ever experienced.

Nicki had Nat step into the strap-on harness, then screwed the dildo in place. Nicki was impressed with the image. If it weren't for her beautiful breasts, Nat's toned physique paired with the cock bouncing in front of her, almost let her pass as a guy. 

"Most guys eat my pussy before fucking me. Would you mind eating my pussy?" Nicki asked.

"I don't know what I'm doing!" Nat said frantically.

"Don't worry. It'll come eventually." Nicki said, and giggled at the pun.

Nicki stepped back and sat in an overstuffed chair. She spread her legs invitingly. Natalie leaned over Nicki, kissing her neck, shoulders and breasts. She wondered how many hundreds of guys had done this to Nicki before. She kissed Nicki's belly, thighs, legs, and feet before working her way up the inside of Nicki's calves and thighs. When she finally reached Nicki's pussy, she paused, still not knowing what to do.

"Pretend it's my mouth." Nicki said, encouraging Nat to continue. Nat leaned in further and put her mouth firmly on Nicki's pussy. She opened her mouth and let her tongue divide Nicki's labia. Her tongue rolled around wildly, occasionally sliding over Nicki's clit on accident. Nicki's hips began to move as Nat kissed and licked more intensely. She noticed that every time her mouth closed around Nicki's clit, Nicki let out a moan.

"Oh fuck!" Nicki cried out.

"Did I do something wrong?" Nat asked.

"No, no! That was really good. I think I'm ready for your cock, Nat." Nicki begged. Nat stood up and Nicki pulled her legs back. They both watched as Nat eased the dildo into Nicki's pussy. Nicki reached down and held Nat hips. She pulled Nat closer, making the dildo completely disappear inside her. Then she pushed Nat back until only two inches remained in her pussy.

"Just like that, Nat." Nicki instructed. "Just do that over and over." Nicki did as she was told. She secretly enjoyed seeing Nicki being pleasured by her, and reached up to hold Nicki's breasts. Nicki grabbed Nat's hands and squeezed them onto her tits. Nat leaned over and kissed Nicki as she continued to pump her pussy with the dildo. Nicki's hips bucked hard as Nat's kiss put her over the edge. Nat, not knowing otherwise, continued to pump. Nicki road the orgasm for as long as she could, then cried out for Nat to stop.

"Did I hurt you?" Nat said naively.

"No, sweetheart. I came pretty hard, that's all." Nicki answered. "At this point, if the guy hasn't come yet, he usually pulls out and either jerks off on me, or has me suck his cock until he comes in my mouth."

"What do you want me to do?" Nat asked.

"Take that thing off and sit on my face. I want you to come in my mouth." Nicki answered. Nicki moved off the chair and onto the floor. Nat straddled Nicki's face and steadied herself by leaning on the chair. She looked down past her tits and could see Nicki's assuring eyes. Nicki reached up and pulled Nat's ass down to her mouth, then let her tongue penetrate Nat's pussy. She tried not to gag as several of Nat's pubic hairs went down her throat. 

Nat looked around as if she didn't know what was happening, and then suddenly froze. Nicki licked harder and faster, reaching up and sliding two fingers in Nat's pussy and one in her asshole.

Nat shook as if she was being shocked, and then looked back down at Nicki. Suddenly, fluid gushed in Nicki's mouth and over her face.

"Oh, fuck yes!" Nicki muttered. She slid down a little further, burying her nose in Nat's pussy as her tongue found it's way into Nat's asshole. Nat froze again, and more fluid gushed onto Nicki's face.

"I'm sorry!" Nat cried.

"Don't be!" Nicki muttered. "This is fucking incredible!" Nicki had heard stories about girls that could ejaculate, but she never experienced it until now.

Nat slid back and lay on top of Nicki. Forgetting that Nicki's tongue was just up her ass, Nat kissed her as she did earlier. 

Nicki rolled Nat onto her back and reached for the strap-on.

"Would you like to try being the girl this time?" Nicki asked.

"No, I think I like being the boy," Nat said, as she unexpectedly rolled over, reached back, and spread her ass cheeks.

"Nat, this dildo is a lot bigger than my finger! Are you sure?" Nicki asked.

"Do you put this in Andi's ass?" Nat asked.

"Not yet. I bought it for you, but I suppose I might try it out on her, too." Nicki answered.

"Well, I'd like to be the first, for once." Nat demanded. Nicki told her to hold on while she found some anal lube and KY jelly, and then repositioned herself behind Natalie. She held the tube of KY to Nat's asshole and squeezed in half the tube.

"That's cold!" Nat cried. Nicki ignored her and rubbed anal lube all over the shaft of the eight-inch dildo, hoping the experience would turn out positive for Natalie.

"Okay, are you ready?" Nicki asked.

"I don't know. Just do it!" Nat answered.

"Are you sure you don't want me to fuck your pussy for awhile, first?" Nicki asked.

"Boys don't have pussies, Nicki" Nat answered.

Without wasting another second, Nicki popped the head of the dildo into Natalie's asshole. Her sphincter tightened and she gasped in pain.

"Relax, baby!" Nicki said. "Breath deeply, there's a lot more where that came from."

Natalie started having second thoughts, but Nicki grabbed her hips and pulled her onto the dildo. Natalie reached back, hoping to push against Nicki's thighs to stop her, but Nicki grabbed Nat's arms and held them up behind her back.

"Ouch! What the fuck?" Nat cried.

"You want to get fucked in the ass, you're going to get fucked in the ass!" Nicki said. The dildo finally reached the pool of KY in Natalie's bowels and began sliding in and out of Nat's ass more easily.

Natalie relaxed her arms and Nicki let go. Nicki's hands went back to Nat's muscular ass and picked up the pace. Sweat was forming on Nicki's forehead, chest and back as fucking Nat's ass was giving her a workout.

The pain had subsided and Natalie allowed herself to be placed in any position Nicki desired. Nicki pulled the dildo from Natalie's ass and lay on her back. Nat looked in disgust, as the dildo was speckled with her shit. 

"That's gross." Nat said.

"No, that's your shit from your ass." Nicki answered. "Get used to it, or take steps to clean yourself out before you get fucked in the ass again." Nat wondered just what precautions she was talking about. "Now, get back on this dick!" Nicki demanded.

Natalie reluctantly straddled the dildo, facing Nicki. She winced as she held the base of the shit-covered dildo and guided it back into her ass. She was momentarily angry with Nicki, but realized that even if she cleaned it off, it would soon be covered in her shit again, anyway. Her ass made several fart sounds as she lowered herself on the fake cock. Nicki crossed her arms behind her head, as she watched Natalie impale herself on the strap-on.

"That's it. Ride my cock, bitch. All the way down." Nicki coached.

Natalie did as she was told. More of the KY found its way along the shaft of the dildo, and Natalie bounced on the toy more quickly. She began gyrating her hips to Nicki's amazement, and soon began shaking as she did earlier. Natalie's pussy gushed on Nicki's belly, some even going so far as Nicki's tits.

When Natalie's orgasm subsided, she hopped off the dildo, leaving behind what looked like a Hershey's chocolate kiss on the tip. "Oh, that's disgusting!" Natalie said as she ran into the bathroom.

Nicki laughed and called back to her, "You're the one that wanted to get fucked in the ass!"

She sat up and wiped off the dildo with paper towels, and then joined Natalie in the bathroom.

"Not quite clean, but better. See?" Nicki asked. Natalie sat on the toilet as KY and shit poured out of her.

Nicki turned on the shower, and then stepped in – still wearing the strap-on. "Guess it's time for dildo cleaning." Nicki said.

Natalie couldn't look her in the eyes as fart noises were followed by more clumps of KY and shit dropping from her ass.

"Now that's gross." Nicki said.

"I'm sorry. I'm so embarrassed!" Nat cried.

"Don't be. Now you know." Nicki said.

"Know what?" Nat asked.

"Now you know that you have to clean yourself out if you're in the mood for ass-play." Nicki answered.

Nat wiped her ass and flushed, then joined Nicki in the shower. They took turns scrubbing the dildo, and then Nicki carefully stepped out of the harness and threw the strap-on in the sink. The two girls looked at each other and giggled. Natalie kissed Nicki again, though not as passionately as before. Nicki tugged at Natalie's short pubic hair.

"How attached are you to this?" Nicki asked.

"Not very. Should I shave it?" Natalie asked.

"Only if you want to." Nicki answered. Natalie ran her fingers over Nicki's smooth pussy. "I'll think about it." Nat said.

They scrubbed each other for a few minutes before Nicki stepped out of the shower. Nat turned off the water, and wrapped a towel around her hair. She stood before Nicki, clean and naked.

"You know what I think?" Nicki asked.

"What do you think?" Nat replied.

"I think we need to go to the mall and pick out some new bras for those beautiful tits. They're very impressive!" Nicki said excitedly.

"You know what I think?" Natalie asked.

"What do you think?" Nicki replied.

"I think I really liked fucking you, and I'd like to do it again – soon." Natalie answered.

Nicki kissed Natalie on the cheek and whispered in her ear, "I think I might let you."

They heard the sound of keys entering the locks to the door of the apartment. They quickly grabbed towels and robes and walked to each other's bedrooms.

Andi had to pee badly. She quickly dropped her purse and ran to the bathroom. When she came out, she had the strap-on in her hand. She walked to the hallway between Nicki and Natalie's rooms. Their doors were open and they were both sitting in their bathrobes.

"Damn it! What did I miss?" Andi asked.

The other two girls just looked at each other and giggled. Natalie reached for the KY and anal lube as Nicki let her robe fall to the floor.

"Come here," Nicki said as she winked at Natalie. "We'll show you."