 When you're married to a truck driver you get used to spending a lot of time away from the one you love. When your two sons start driving for your husband's trucking company you really feel for their young wives because you know what they're going through.

That's why I invited Julie and Lisa to live with me. The guys were out on the road most of the time so Julie and Lisa were happy to live with me so they'd have someone to talk to when they got home from work and I was happy to have them for the same reason.

Our house wasn't big, but considering the guys were gone more than they were home it was usually just the 3 of us so it worked out well. Plus it let the boys save up most of their money to buy houses, that they didn't really need right now but would when they started their own families.

The only real problem that the 3 of us had was the bathroom. There's only one in the house, and with 3 of us having to get up and ready for work in the mornings it gets to be quite hectic.

One night the power went out in the middle of the night so none of our alarm clocks went off. I woke up, noticed that it was getting light out and looked over at my alarm clock. It was flashing 12:00.

I got out of bed and grabbed my watch.

"SHIT!" I said.

It was 7:45, we all had to be at work by 8:30; we were going to have to get ready in a hurry.

I rushed down the hall into John's room where Lisa was staying.

"Lisa, wake up, the power went out; it's 7:45." I said.

"Oh crap." Lisa said.

She got out of bed and started to get ready. I went across the hall into Matt's room where Julie was staying.

"Julie, get up, it's 7:45; the power went out." I said.

"Shit." Julie said.

She started scrambling to get ready too. We all reached the bathroom door at the same time.

"So how are we going to do this? We all need to take showers but we don't have time." Julie said.

"Well, it's a big shower, we all used to play sports so we've showered with other women before; I guess we'll just have to do it that way." I said.

Julie and Lisa looked at me and at each other and realizing we didn't have any better option we all headed into the bathroom.

We might just have one bathroom in the house, but my husband Tom had renovated it several years ago adding 4 feet to the back of the house to give us room for a big shower because he's not a small man at 6'7" 255 pounds.

We were too rushed to really be nervous about taking our clothes off in front of the others so I pulled off my nightgown and panties and Julie and Lisa pulled off the T-shirts and panties they'd slept in and we all stepped into the shower and turned on the two shower heads.

"Tell me when you're comfortable with the temperature." Lisa said.

"We don't have time to be comfortable." I said.

We all started feverishly lathering up our hair under one of the showers. The shower was usually one at a time so there was only one bar of soap so I grabbed it first and lathered up, then I went to hand it to Julie, but it slipped out of my hand.

"Damn. I'm sorry, I'll get it." I said.

I crouched down to grab the soap. Lisa and Julie were both standing in front of me waiting for the soap and my head was at the level of their pussies. I couldn't help but notice that they both kept their pubic hair shaved completely off.

I looked and saw the soap between Julie's legs and a little behind her so I reached for it.

A wet floor, soap suds everywhere, and rushing to try to get done as quick as possible is an accident waiting to happen.

That accident occurred when while reaching for the soap between Julie's legs I slipped forward. I raised my left hand hoping to steady myself, but the only thing to my left to steady myself on was Lisa. My hand ended up sliding around her inner thigh and up against her pussy. Meanwhile my face plowed directly into Julie's crotch. I grabbed the soap with my right hand and pushed myself away from them and stood up. 

They were both blushing.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"I've never had a woman touch me there." Lisa said.

"And I've definitely never had a woman's face down there." Julie said.

"Girls, that was an accident, I swear." I said.

"It didn't feel like an accident. You were down there for 5 seconds." Julie said.

"And you were wiggling your fingers around on me." Lisa said.

"I was?" I asked.

I hadn't realized that.

"Yes." Lisa said.

"Girls, I'm sorry. Are you mad?" I asked.

"I'm not mad. It was kind of exciting to have you down there so close to me." Julie said.

"It gave me goose bumps to have you touch me there. Would you...would you do it again?" Lisa asked.

"What?" I asked.

"Yeah, would you touch me too?" Julie asked.

"Are you crazy?" I asked.

"Emily, you know better than us how lonely it gets when your man is out on the road. Those 5 seconds when you touched me was the most thrilling 5 seconds I've had without John in a long time." Lisa said.

"The same thing goes for me." Julie said.

I looked at the girls, the look in their eyes was a pleading, longing look. It had been an accident that I'd touched them and they wanted more. I knew the way they were feeling, after being married to a truck driver for so long I'd gotten used to those feelings, but they still hadn't adjusted. 

I nodded my head.

"Okay, I'll touch you both down there." I said.

I carefully got down on my knees and the girls moved over so that they were standing side by side each in front of one of my hands. I took a deep breath, raised my hands, and touched someone else's pussy intentionally for the first time.

Both girls cooed as I touched them. I began moving my fingers around rubbing their pussies gently. They both cooed and moaned letting me know how much they were enjoying it.

"Emily, would you put your fingers inside me?" Julie asked.

"Me too." Lisa said.

"You want me to put my fingers inside you? Girls that's..." I said.

"Please Emily." Lisa said.

"Please." Julie begged.

"Alright." I said.

I shook my head, rubbing their pussies for a few minutes was one thing, but now they wanted me to slip a finger or two inside of them.

I started with my middle finger on each hand. I rubbed all the way to the bottom of their pussies; then pulled my palms away as I bent my middle fingers in for insertion. I slowly eased my fingers into them and again they cooed softly. 

I slowly pulled my fingers out and slid them back into them again and again for a few minutes. I was kneeling in my shower masturbating my two daughters in law.

"Put another finger in." Lisa panted.

"Yeah." Julie cooed.

I pulled my middle fingers most of the way out of their pussies, lifted my index fingers up beside my middle fingers and slowly started moving my two fingers in and out of them. 

I could tell from looking at them and from the moisture on my fingers that they were both getting pretty turned on. I also noticed that I could see their clits.

Without really thinking about it and without being asked I moved my thumbs up and began stimulating their clits as I moved my fingers in and out of them. They both shivered and cooed at my touch.

After a few more minutes of masturbating them their breathing became heavy and they both started to squirm a little.

"I'm gonna cum." Lisa said.

"Me too." Julie said.

Lisa had her orgasm first; Julie had hers two minutes later. I just kept rubbing their clits and probing their pussies with my fingers until they had both finished their orgasms. 

When they had both finished I pulled my fingers out of them and stood up.

Neither of them said a word, but they both hugged me at the same time. I had never hugged a naked woman before, let alone two of them so it was an interesting feeling to have their wet naked bodies against mine.

"Thank you so much for that Emily. That was incredible." Lisa said.

"It was absolutely amazing." Julie said.

"Well...I'm glad that you liked it...I think." I said unsurely.

"Would you kiss me down there now?" Julie asked.

"Yeah; me too." Lisa said.

"Wait a minute, no way. It was weird enough masturbating both of you like that, now you want me to give you oral sex too?" I asked.

"No, all we want for now is just a kiss." Lisa said.

"Just a kiss?" I asked.

"That's all." Julie said.

"Oh, what the hell, I'll do it. How am I supposed to kiss you down there though? It isn't exactly easy to kiss it where it's at." I said.

"Well, maybe if you lie down we could squat over you. That would spread our legs nice and wide and get your face close enough that you could kiss us that way." Lisa said.

"Okay, I suppose that will work." I said.

I got down on the floor of the shower and lay on my back. Julie moved over me so that her feet were on either side of my head. Looking straight up between her legs is an odd angle to look at a woman from.

Julie started squatting down and as her pussy got closer and closer to me it opened up a little. I'd never had a close up look at an aroused woman's pussy, it was really quite beautiful. 

Julie lowered herself down so that her pussy was just a few inches from my face. I took a deep breath, raised my head up and gave her a closed mouth kiss on the pussy.

"Okay, you're done." I said.

"Oh Emily, that's not a kiss. You don't kiss Tom like that do you? You give him an open mouth kiss and put your tongue in his mouth don't you?" Julie asked.

"You want me to kiss your pussy like that? I thought you weren't after oral sex." I said in disbelief.

"Please Emily, it's just a 10 second kiss, you said you'd do it." Julie said.

"Ten seconds?" I asked.

"Yes, I'll count to ten." Lisa said.

"Okay." I said.

I moved my mouth up to Julie's pussy again and started moving my lips over her pussy ad my tongue explored her pussy.

"One... two... three... four... five... six... seven... eight... nine........... ten." Lisa counted very slowly.

I lowered my mouth from Julie's pussy. She had been cooing as I 'kissed' her, but she whimpered as I pulled away and she got up off of me. Lisa moved in quickly and squatted over my face.

Knowing what I was supposed to do I lifted my face to Lisa's pussy and began 'kissing' her.

"One... two... three... four... five... six... seven... eight... nine........... ten." Julie counted.

Lisa's cooing stopped as I pulled my mouth away from her pussy. She stood up and the two of them helped me stand up.

"That was wonderful Emily. Thank you so much." Lisa said.

They both hugged me again.

"When did the water get so cold?" Julie asked.

"We must have used up all of the hot water. Which means we've been in here for quite a while." I said.

"We'd better get out of the shower then before we catch cold." Lisa said.

We got out of the shower, dried off and headed down the hall. I entered my bedroom and grabbed my watch. It was 9:00; we were all late for work. I turned to go tell the girls what time it was and I was surprised to find them standing there side by side a few feet behind me.

"Girls, we're late for work." I said.

"Then there's no point in going is there?" Lisa asked.

"I don't see any point in going now, but that leaves us the rest of the day to kill. What ever shall we do?" Julie asked playfully.

"Oh I have a few ideas about what we could do." Lisa said.

The two girls looked at each other; then looked at me and they both smiled.

"Oh no; what are you two thinking?" I asked.

"We feel really bad for having you do those things to us." Julie said.

"Well, don't worry about it girls. It's okay, I know how hard it can be to have your husband on the road all the time; a girl gets urges." I said.

"Does that include you?" Lisa asked.

"What? Yes, I suppose it does." I said.

"Well then we feel even worse now." Julie said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because you masturbated us to very enjoyable orgasms and then kissed our pussies and we haven't done anything for you." Lisa said.

"Oh girls, you don't need to feel bad about that." I said.

"Yes we do. It will eat us up that you did that for us and got nothing in return." Julie said.

"So to keep our own consciences clear we'll just have to do for you what you did for us." Lisa said.

"Oh girls, you don't need to do that." I said.

"Please Emily, you gave us such great pleasure, let us do the same for you." Julie said.

I looked at them and it looked as if they were pleading with me for the chance for them to do to me what I had done to them.

"What do I have to do?" I asked.

"Lie back on the end of the bed." Lisa said.

I moved over to the bed, sat down, and lay on my back with my feet still on the floor. Lisa and Julie sat down on either side of me. They each grabbed one of my legs and pulled them open. I've kept my pubic hair trimmed to a little patch above my pussy for years, but I've never shaved mine completely like they had.

Lisa looked back at me as her hand moved down and started rubbing my pussy. It was incredible. She rubbed me for a while.

"Does that feel as nice for you as it did for me?" Lisa asked.

"Yes." I said.

"Then you're going to love this." Lisa said.

She slid her fingers into me and started fingering me and rubbing my clit like I had done to both of them in the shower. It took just 5 minutes and I had an orgasm. Lisa kept fingering me for another minute or so; then she pulled her hand away. 

Julie moved her hand down and started rubbing my pussy.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"You masturbated both of us to orgasm it's only fair that we both masturbate you to orgasm in return." Julie said.

She rubbed me for a while; then she started fingering me and rubbing my clit. Five minutes later I was having another orgasm.

"Now it's time for the kisses." Lisa said.

She moved to her knees between my legs. She moved up close and I gasped as she started 'kissing' my pussy. Nobody was counting to 10 so a few minutes passed.

"That's got to be 10." I said.

Lisa pulled her mouth away. Julie took her place between my legs and she started 'kissing' me. It felt great. I closed my eyes and only opened them again when I felt a mouth on one of my nipples.

"Lisa, what are you doing?" I asked.

"Going the extra mile to show you how grateful I am that you're letting me live here. It feels good doesn't it?" Lisa asked.

"Yes, but..." I said.

"Then just enjoy it." Lisa said.

She went back to sucking and licking my nipples. She teased the other one with her fingers while she was sucking on one of them.

Meanwhile Julie was way past 10 on my pussy. I could feel an orgasm coming.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum." I said.

Julie kept licking me right through my orgasm.

"No fair, you made her cum." Lisa said.

"Here, I'll trade you." Julie said.

Lisa moved back between my legs and Julie moved up and spent some time licking and sucking my nipples while Lisa was licking and sucking my pussy.

Julie surprised me when she moved her face up over mine and kissed me. I stared at her wide eyed and kept my mouth closed for a moment, but eventually I relaxed, let my mouth open, and returned her kiss.

"Will you lick me to orgasm?" Julie asked.

I smiled nervously.

"It seems only fair after you did it for me." I said.

Julie moved up and lowered her pussy onto my face as she had done in the shower. I began licking her pussy as Lisa continued to lick mine.

Lisa licked me to orgasm before I got Julie to orgasm so Lisa again licked and sucked my nipples until Julie reached orgasm on my face. Julie rolled off of me and Lisa mounted my face and Julie moved back between my legs.

For the next few hours they switched back and forth; Lisa would lick my pussy while I licked Julie's then I'd lick Lisa's while Julie licked mine. Lisa had finished cumming on my face for the 5th time when they both lay down beside me on the bed to rest.


"Emily, you're incredible." Lisa said.

"Definitely." Julie agreed.

"You two have been pretty amazing yourselves. I couldn't help but notice that you've only been playing with me and not with each other." I said.

"Nothing against Julie, but I only wanted to be with you." Lisa said.

"Me too." Julie said.

"Well I think the two of you should pleasure each other. You've each gotten to see me with the other, but I haven't gotten to see you together. I think you owe me that pleasure." I said.

"Okay, but you have to be involved the way we were." Lisa said.

"Fine by me." I said.

They decided that Julie would take the position I had been in and Lisa and I would move from end to end. Julie moved into position and Lisa moved between her legs to start licking Julie's pussy for the first time. I moved up beside Julie, but instead of squatting on her face looking towards the headboard as they had done, I faced the other way.

"What are you doing?" Julie asked.

"I told you, I want to be able to see you pleasuring each other so I want to watch her pleasure you as you pleasure me then I want to watch you pleasure her as I pleasure you." I said.

For the next few hours Lisa and I went from licking Julie to getting licked by Julie. When we finally finished we were all pretty tired.

"Well, I don't know about you, but I could use some sleep." I said.

"Me too." Lisa said.

"I'm beat." Julie said.

"So then, we should kiss each other goodnight and then get some sleep." I said.

I kissed Julie, then Lisa, then I 'kissed' both of their pussies. Then they kissed each other and 'kissed' my pussy. We then spooned up together on my bed with Lisa in front of me and Julie behind me.

"Thank God tomorrow's Saturday." Julie said.

"Why?" Lisa asked.

"Because we can do this all over again." I said.

"That will be great, but I'm already sad." Lisa said.

"Why?" Julie asked.

"The guys are all due home Sunday." Lisa said.

"But they'll be gone again on Tuesday." I said.

I kissed her shoulder.

"Then we can keep each other company again until they make it home the next time." I said.

"Matt was thinking about getting our own place. I'll have to convince him that we need to save up more and stay here." Julie said.

"I almost hope I never have to leave." Lisa said.

"It would get a little awkward once you start having children." I said.

"I'm sure we could find ways to pull it off." Julie said.

"I guess we'll find out when it comes to that point because now that we've started I can't see any reason that we'd stop unless something came up that made it impossible." I said.

"Today was amazing and it feels great to have someone holding me in bed again, even if it is my naked mother in law." Lisa said.

"Yeah, I thought mother in laws weren't supposed to like their son's wives." Julie said.

"Well let's put it this way, if I only liked you before I licked you and loved you today and I love you now, but I've always liked you both anyway. I just like you in a whole new way now." I said.

"Goodnight lover." Lisa said.

"Goodnight." I said.

"Goodnight you pussy licking machine." Julie said.

"Goodnight." I said.

For the first few weeks after that first lesbian experience we would get home from work every day and strip naked and go at it; assuming the men were out on the road of course. They never had any idea.

After that first few weeks we weren't all over each other anymore. Instead of a raw, lustful experience it became much more passionate. It would still usually be all 3 of us, but from time to time it would just be two of us.

As they say all good things come to an end. Lisa and John were the first to move out 18 months after our first get together. She had become pregnant and John felt it was time to give his family a home. Julie and Matt moved out 6 months later when Julie got pregnant. 

Conveniently enough though, the houses they moved into are just down the street so it was still very easy for us to get together when the boys were on the road.
