 Tru woke up excited this Saturday morning. Today was going to be first day of her life away from the small town of Featherville, Idaho. Tru was moving to Los Angeles to attend UCLA.

She hurried up and got out bed and quickly showered making sure not to awake her parents and little sister. After a quick breakfast, Tru began moving her belongings to the car. She began to think of the new life she will be starting. A room-mate, someone other than her 10 year old sister, going to class other than the mundane 8:30 to 4:00 that she was use to in high school, meeting exciting new people, and college parties. Not much happened in Featherville, it only had 120 people. Tru came across the picture of her boyfriend, Barry which made her reflect on how hard this was going to be. Barry has been her boyfriend since junior high. Suddenly the phone rang. She answered the phone and it was Barry calling to wish her a safe trip and to call as soon as she gets to UCLA.

"Okay, okay, I will call you as soon as I get there, I love you too, Barry. I know this is going to be hard for both of us but we will be together in a month when I come home. I have to go my mom and dad and sister are up now. Love ya, bye."

Tru and her family were huddled around the table making last minute plans for Tru's big move to the city. Her dad began to instruct her on her route. "Now once you get to I-80 go west to US 95 and go south then get on." 

"I know the route Dad, you wrote it down for me." Angie told him. After eating breakfast and hugging everyone for what seemed like a lifetime, Tru hit the road. 

Time seemed to fly by. She was so excited about going to college. As she started along highway 14 toward Los Angeles, Tru began to go faster and faster soon she had her car up 85 miles an hour speeding toward her new life at UCLA. Finally she arrived at the campus. After getting lost she found her dormitory hall and checked in and found her room. She opened the door and gasped "Yes, finally I am free and away from Featherville." She hurried back to her car and began to move her things into her room. After about 2 hours of going back and forth she had everything in her room and began to set up her space. 

Just then she heard someone at the door. The door opened and a young blonde with large breasts stood in the doorway. "Hi, I'm Kelly, you must be Tru." 

"Yes, I am nice to meet you, I guess were going to be room-mates. Can I help you with your stuff." Tru asked.

"Hell yes, I've got over 30 pairs of shoes to cart up here." Kelly remarked.

"30 pairs of shoes why so many." Tru wondered.

"A girl can never have enough shoes, what size are you." Kelly asked.

"I wear a 7 and ½." Tru told Kelly.

"Perfect what's mine is yours." Kelly told Tru.

After getting Kelly moved in the two girls began to talk and learn about each other. They found out they were both cheerleaders in high school, were in chorus, had a little sister, liked the tv show Heroes. And then Kelly dropped a bomb shell. "I must tell you that I am gay." 

"What did you say." Tru asked.

Once again Kelly told her "I'm gay, I like girls. That's not going to be a problem is it?"

"No, No, It's just that I've never met anybody who was gay." Tru told her. 

Tru was not sure how sure really felt. She had never met anyone who was gay. 

The girls began to get ready for their first night as new room-mates. Kelly took off all her clothes and was standing there naked. Tru turned around and noticed Kelly's tattoo of a Chinese symbol on her lower back. She began to stare and noticed how firm and tone Kelly was. Suddenly Kelly turned and said "You like my tattoo, I've got another one." 

Kelly turned around and faced Tru. Tru couldn't help but notice Kelly's perfectly round 36C breasts were pierced with a pink stud in each nipple. "The tattoo is down here." Kelly pointed to her perfectly shaven pussy. Just above her clit was a tattoo of heart and on it read lover. 

Tru stared in awe. "Wow that's really cool."

"You got any tats or piercing." Kelly asked. 

"No!" Tru replied.

The girls settled in for the night. As Tru lay in her bed she kept thinking of the image of Kelly standing before her naked and how beautiful she looked. Tru couldn't figure out why she was thinking about her new room-mate that way.

It did not take long for Tru to move into college life. She and Kelly spent a lot of time together and were fast becoming friends. Tru found herself looking forward to getting out of class to race home to see if Kelly was in the room. The two girls soon became inseparable always attending parties together, they joined the school cheer squad, and spent their nights watching movies together. 

Tru began to call Barry less and less from daily to weekly to once a month. Finally Tru got a letter from Barry wanting to end their relationship. Tru read the letter and began to cry. Kelly came home and saw Tru sobbing uncontrollably. She went to her and found the letter from Barry. "It's alright, he wasn't meant for you." Kelly told Tru.

Kelly hugged Tru on the couch and laid her head on her lap and began rubbing her head. Tru couldn't help but notice how at ease she felt in Kelly's arms and lap and how soft she felt. 

Tru soon began to find herself thinking of Kelly constantly. She felt confused. "Why am I thinking about a girl the way I use to think about boys." 

That night as they lay in their beds, Tru rolled over and saw Kelly on top of the sheets lieing their naked. Tru found herself staring at her big breasts and looking at her face and wanting to go to her. She began to move her hand over her body and slid her hand under panties. Her hand began to rub her clit and then she slid her finger inside and began to fuck herself. She lay there masturbating looking at her friend Kelly. She began to move her fingers in and out faster and with her other hand began to tweak her nipples pinching and pulling on them. "Ohhhhh God ....Mmmmm God that feels good." Tru moaned softly. Her legs stiffened and she grabbed her pillow to cover her moans from her orgasm. She removed her fingers and brought them to her mouth and began to lick her fingers clean of her juices. Feeling completely satisfied she fell asleep staring at Kelly. 

Tru tried to get Kelly out of her head. She got a job at the local gym as a personal trainer. Angie's first client was a buxom blonde with a perfectly toned body. " Hi are you Tru?" Cindy asked. 

" Yes I am." Tru replied turning around from the weight machine to face Cindy. Cindy was wearing a tight shirt that hugged her 36DD breasts and a pair of pink shorts. Angie looked at Cindy and couldn't help but think to herself "God she is hot."

They made small talk and worked out a schedule to work-out together. As Cindy walked away Tru found herself staring at Cindy's perfectly round butt. " God what is wrong with me, that's a woman not a man." Tru said to herself.

Tru tried to threw herself into work and school doing anything to try and not think about Kelly. One night as Tru lay in bed she began to toss and turn and got up to use the restroom. She went into an open stall when she heard two girls giggling and then heard the water from the showers. Tru didn't think anything of it and finished her business and started to walk out when she heard moans from the shower. She snuck up to the shower entrance and peaked in. It was the girls from the end of hall, Carrie and Susan. They were in the shower soaping each other up. Carrie was kissing Susan passionately. She began to move down and kissed her breasts. Tru found herself getting turned on by the sight of the girls in the shower. Tru slowly slid her panties down around her ankles and stood in the doorway rubbing her clit. She slid her hand under her nightshirt to pinch her nipples. She stood masturbating watching Carrie move between Susan's leg and begin to lap at her pussy lips. "Yah that's it eat my pussy, stick three fingers in me baby and fuck that hole." Susan screamed. 

"Mmmmm....Shit..ooooooohhhhohooohhh." Tru climaxed while watching Carrie and Susan. Moans filled the room from Carrie and Susan. She stood there mesmerized as Susan began to squirt all over Carries mouth and face spraying her juices everywhere.

"Shit" yes, that's it baby squirt in my mouth, Come on give it to me." Carrie screamed.

Tru watched as Susan flipped Carrie over onto all fours and moved down and spread her ass cheeks and began to tongue her ass and then moved down to slide her tongue all over pussy. "Ooohhh ...that's it...you know what gets me off...." Tru couldn't believe what she was watching nor why she found it so hot and sexy. She stood watching as Carrie came all over Susan's mouth and watched as they collapsed on one anther kissing. Tru hurried back to her room. 

"Did you enjoy the show." She heard Kelly ask. 

"What show, what do mean?" Tru replied. 

"Oh come on you were in the restroom for 45 minutes and those 2 girls put that show on every night at the same time. You know it's alright to admit you liked what you saw." Kelly told Tru.

Tru just got into bed and pretended to go to sleep but could only think about the show she just watched. She began to fantasize that it was Kelly and her in the shower. 

Tru thought to herself "Why do I keep having thoughts about women."

Tru's life moved forward, her job was going well and she was developing a friendship with her client, Cindy. She and Kelly grew closer as the months passed.

It was approaching Christmas break and Tru and Kelly were getting ready for the big Christmas break bash at the Delta Kappa Pi house. They arrived at around 9pm and immediately began to drink. Tru couldn't take her eyes off Kelly who was dressed in a short mini-skirt with no panties, blue wife beater shirt that clung to her large tits. Starting to feel tipsy Angie went looking for Kelly. As she approached a back room she began to slight moans. "Hmmmm.....god yes, stick a finger in my pussy."

Tru peered into the room and found Kelly with a skinny, brunette with medium length hair. "That's fucking Rebecca from psych 101 class, that bitch. Why do I keep thinking about Kelly." 

She stood peeking in the room watching as Kelly lifted Rebecca's shirt over her head exposing her small round breasts with big long, hard nipples. Kelly began to bite and tug on her nipples causing Rebecca to slap Kelly's ass. "Fuck yah, bite em harder." Rebecca stood there and grabbed Kelly by the hair and started to kiss her sliding her tongue deep into her mouth. 

Tru began to get excited and started to rub herself over her pink shorts. "God I want to be the one that's kissing Kelly." Tru thought to herself. 

Just then Rod from her Algebra class bumped into sending Tru flying into the room. Tru just looked at Kelly. " Ah there you are." Tru blurted out. 

Kelly and Rebecca were caught up in the moment and Kelly only glanced at Tru with almost an evil grin on her face as if knowing she was watching. Tru tried to recover by grabbing Rod and locking lips with him. 

But all she could think was "Yuck, men really don't know how to kiss and this just doesn't seem right anymore." 

Kelly got on her knees and slid Rebecca's skirt down and saw she wasn't wearing panties."You are a bad girl and your perfectly shaven, just the way I like my pussy." Kelly started lapping at Rebecca's pussy and sucking on her clit while finger fucking her.

Rebecca began to tremble "ooooohhaaaahoooohh God your gonna make cum, fuck my hole fast and hard." Kelly did as instructed making Rebecca cream all over her fingers and took them out and walked over to Tru.

" Here you want to know what pussy tastes like?" Kelly asked Tru.

Tru feeling uninhabited grabbed her hand and licked her fingers clean. "Mmmmm...that is good." Tru said looking into Kelly's eyes. 

Kelly just walked out of the room and walked home without Tru. Tru left later and got back to the room. When she opened the door she found Kelly sitting on the couch naked. 

"So you liked what you tasted tonight, how about we finish what we both know you want." 

Tru looked at Kelly and wanted to go to her but was still confused about what was happening. " I just cant right now. I don't know if this what I want or who I want to be." Tru told her.

"Well when you finally admit to yourself what your true identity is. Come to me. I know who you are but you need to answer that for yourself so you can be true to yourself." Kelly responded.

The two friends sat together on the couch talking about school trying to forget what almost happened.

After Christmas break Tru began to work with Cindy twice a day. Once at the gym and at night at Cindy's house to help her prepare for Los Angeles marathon. Tru could not help but notice how firm and tone Cindy's body was. While helping Cindy stretch one night Angie was bending one of Cindy's leg back and noticed Cindy was not wearing panties under her work out shorts. She saw her neatly groomed bush and her whole vagina. She stared a little too long. "You like what you see, Tru?" Cindy asked smiling.

"Oh I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to stare." Tru blurted out. 

"It's alright, I just find panties too constricting." Cindy giggled. 

Tru felt burdened and confused about her identity. She felt comfortable around Cindy and blurted out "I don't know what is going on with me. I think about girls constantly and cant stop thinking about my room-mate Kelly. I get excited when Im around her and we have so much in common and I feel that she is my missing half to complete me. "

"It sounds to me that you already know what and who you want but still haven't admitted to yourself who you are." Cindy replied.

"It's just that I've never been with a woman and don't want to let Kelly down. I even had this fantasy that you would teach me how to make love to woman." 

"There is nothing to teach dear, you just do what comes natural and what you like done to you." Cindy told her. 

Tru found herself staring into Cindy's eyes and leaned in within an inch of Cindy's lips. "I want to be with you. Will you teach me?" Tru asked.

Cindy did not answer. She simply leaned in and began to kiss Tru like only a woman can. She began to lift Tru's shirt over her head and slowly slid her blue shorts down. 

"Come with me to the bedroom." Cindy led Tru by the hand to her bedroom and laid her down on the bed. She laid down on top of Tru and they began to kiss and nibble on each others neck and ears. "That's it Tru you know what turns a woman on."

Cindy slowly slid down to between Tru's legs and kissed her pussy through her panties. "Oh god!" Tru moaned and began to buck up to meet Cindy's mouth.

"Mmmmm....your getting wet. I think we need to get you out these panties." Cindy moaned softly.

Cindy slid her panties off and saw that she had a perfectly waxed vagina. Cindy gave her pussy a little kiss sending shivers up Tru's spine. 

"Please...Cindy...Please put your mouth on me!" 

Cindy began to lick and suck on Tru's pussy lips and clit. "Oh God....Oh God yes that feels good." Tru moaned. 

Cindy began to lick faster and harder and brought her fingers up to Tru's mouth and told her to get them wet so she can fuck her. Tru began to suck on Cindy's fingers like a lollipop. Cindy removed her fingers and slid three fingers into Tru's hole and began to slide them in and out. 

"Oooohhaaahh...Ohh God... fuck..fuck ..I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum on your fingers!" Tru screamed.

"That's it baby let it go. Give it to me..Give it to me all over my fingers and face." Cindy told Tru. 

Tru began to buck and tremble and screamed "I'm cumming ...oh God..mmmmm.fuck yes." 

Cindy took her fingers out and licked them clean. "Did you like that baby?"

"Fuck yes, it ..it feels so right. Like it should feel. I know who I am and I know what I want. Now lay on your back."

Cindy laid on her back and Tru began to suck her nipples and slid her hand down to her panties and slid her hand underneath to rub her clit. 

"Hmmm...that's it baby, pull on my nipples with you teeth. Slide a finger inside me. Ooohh..yah..that's right just do what feels natural..Ooooh...God. Yes!" Cindy instruced. 

Tru looked up and begin to kiss Cindy sliding her tongue into her mouth. Cindy slid her panties off and Tru slid down between her legs. 

"Just start out by kissing around the area , sliding your tongue over my lips and clit the suck on my lips and clit." Cindy told Tru.

Tru did as she was instructed and soon found herself licking and sucking at will and sliding her tongue in and out of Cindy's pussy.

"Fuck yes Tru...that's it suck my clit, baby!" 

Cindy began to tug at her own nipples. Cindy slid her hand under her pillow and brought out a large blue dildo and began to suck on it. Tru looked up and saw the dildo. "Can I fuck you with that? Please let me fuck you?" Tru asked. 

Cindy handed the dildo to Tru who spit all over the dildo and slid it inside Cindy.

She began to slide it in faster and faster causing Cindy to stiffen up and pinch her nipples with an increased intensity. 

"Ohhhhh...God...here it comes baby I'm gonna squirt...I'm gonna squirt... pull it now...pull it now baby." 

Tru pulled the dildo and Cindy began to spray all over Tru's face and onto the bedspread. 

Tru began to lick up all of Cindy's juices and slid up to kiss Cindy. "Thank-you for helping me realize what my true identity is. I'm gay and I love Kelly." Tru admitted to Cindy.

Tru got dressed and went to Cindy and gave her a kiss. "You go to your true love and tell her just how you feel. Everything will work out, don't be afraid. Just be yourself." Cindy told her. 

Tru raced back to campus to her dorm room.

Tru had never been more excited to get to her room. She burst into the room and found Kelly sitting at her desk. She went to her. 

"Kelly, I love you. I've loved you since the first night we talked. I can't wait to get home everyday in hopes you're here. You make me feel like I've never felt before. You are my other half. I feel complete when we are together. I'm gay and I love you, I want to be with you physically, sexually, and emotionally."

Kelly looked into Tru's eyes and simply replied "I always knew who you were and I would have waited till time stopped for you to find out who you are. I fell in love with you the minute I walked into this room that first day. Now get over her and kiss me."

The two lovers began to kiss and nibble at each other. Kelly slid her shirt off and lowered Tru's shorts. Kelly grabbed her comforter off her bed and laid it out on the floor. The two women laid down and Tru began to kiss Kelly's breasts and started flicking the studs that were in Kelly's nipples. 

"Fuck baby you do know what I like. Don't be shy tug em hard." Tru began to tug on her nipples and slid her hand over her shorts and began to rub over her pussy. 

"Ooohhaaahhhhooohhhaaah. Take my shorts off baby now. Take them off now." Kelly told Tru.

Tru slid her shorts down and marveled "God I've wanted your little bald pussy for so long." She dove between Kelly's legs and began to lick, suck, and spit all over her hole. 

"Fuck baby...your gonna make cum if you keep that up.oohhahhh...oh god, yes!" Kelly screamed.

Kelly's sweet juices began to flow out of her and all over Tru's mouth and onto the comforter. Tru slid up and kissed Kelly offering her the juices on her face. Kelly removed the rest of Tru's clothes and began to kiss and suck on her nipples. 

"God that's it. I like that." Tru moaned.

Kelly reached under the couch and pulled out a strap-on. "I'm gonna fuck you with this and send you to the moon with ecstasy baby."

"Fuck me...Fuck me with that big dick and make me cum." Tru told her. Kelly got into the strap-on and began to lick Tru's pussy. 

"First I need to get that pussy of yours worked up real good." As Kelly put her mouth on her pussy. 
