 This is Part Two of "True Baseball Love". This story might be able to stand on its own, but I would encourage reading Part I first if you have access to archives. Again, I welcome all comments. And to my fans who enjoyed "True Baseball Love" and sent me encouraging comments, please let me know if Part II did Part I justice and if there should be further editions of this storyline. 

*

Kate0612: I am still not getting through on the website

JeffCal1: I haven't had any luck either...have you been trying the phone

Kate0612: I have six different lines I am using

JeffCal1: Six?

Kate0612: Yeah I actually have quite an operation set up here in the school library. But shhh I told the librarians it was a school project. Good thing its not finals week

JeffCal1: haha

Kate0612: Its the only place I could set this up, couldn't risk Sandy coming home and seeing our plan

JefCal1: Oh no, Kate, my screenpage just updated and said they are sold out for Opening Day.

Kate0612: Oh no! I was hoping I could still take your place. I guess we'll just have to do with the other thing. You're still on for after finals right?

JeffCal1: Absolutely. I'll call mom later this afternoon and let her know I can't make the game this year.

Kate0612: Thanks for your help Jeff...Good luck on the projects and Ill see you soon.

JeffCal1: See you soon

I logged off the computer, disappointed at the failed morning in trying to obtain Opening Day tickets to the Cubs game. Jeff had some how managed to get tickets to take his mom the last two years. Now the spirits must have realized that Jeff couldn't take her this year and it wasn't meant to be for me to take his place and take Sandy myself. I returned everything to its place in the library and headed off to my final class, before heading home, knowing I was going to have a sad lover to greet me.

I have been living with Sandy for the last seven months, deciding not to renew my housing option for my Sophomore year. I came home late in the evening and found Sandy in the kitchen making pasta for dinner.

'Smells great, need help?" I said as I dropped off my bookbag on one of the wooden chairs in the kitchen. I walked over to Sandy at the stove and placed my hands on her back and slid them to her hips. Sandy turned and gave me a kiss while continuing to stir the sauce.

"No, its almost finished," she replied after the kiss ended. "How was class tonight?"

"Great!" I said as I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her close. "I really like this European history class I'm in. The professor is so interactive and providing great insights into how I should teach one day."

"You'll make a great teacher." Sandy placed her hand over my arm on her waist to show her support. She held it there as she began a slow sway with her hips. I rocked with her and watched as she added some final spices to her sauce. 

"I think it's done. Taste." Sandy lifted a spoonful of sauce to my mouth

"Delicious." I lifted my arms from around her waist and turned her face and gave her a kiss on the cheek. I then went to the cabinets to get dishes to set the table. "So, how was your day?"

"Kind of slow, I left work early." Sandy was putting the pasta, sauce, bread and salad into separate bowls and bringing them over to the table. "Jeff called this evening."

"Oh, how is he doing?" I said, as I took my bookbag off the chair and moved it to the living room. I returned to the kitchen and Sandy was returning to the table with glasses of wine. I held her chair out for her and let her sit first, giving her another kiss on the cheek before taking a seat next to her.

"Well he said he couldn't make it for Opening Day this year. He is swamped with projects this semester. Busy college students, you two."

"I'm sorry Sandy, I know you look forward to spending time at the games with Jeff," I said as I put salad onto Sandy's plate. "I'm sorry to hear he can't make it this year." I brought the wineglass to my mouth and took a sip.

"You liar." I almost choked on the wine and looked at Sandy

"Pretending like is the first time you're hearing this news," she said as she pinched me on thigh under the table.

"Well I guess I might have been aware of some of the news."

"Ha, Jeff told me once you heard you organized a phone-a-thon to try to get tickets on your own to take me."

"That sounds vaguely familiar," I said as Sandy gave me a slight slap on the thigh again.

The slap turned into a massage. "Well thank you for trying. The gesture is what counts."

"Your welcome," I said as I leaned over and gave her a long kiss. I returned to my plate of pasta. "Boy, that kid cannot keep a secret," I said pretending to be frustrated.

She gave out a laugh. "I'm his mother, he has to tell me these things." She continued to run her hand in short strokes on my thigh. I returned the gesture with my free hand under the table.

"You know, great times with Jeff aren't my only good memories at Opening Day."

"I know that's where you met me!" I ran my hand a bit higher on her leg.

"Oh, but I didn't tell you everything of that day."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, you had me hypnotized from the beginning with your long black hair swaying in the breeze and whenever you stood to cheer, you had this green thong that would flash me and I fell in lust. Then not much longer, I fell in love."

I blushed. "You are just too perfect." I grabbed Sandy's hand and we finished dinner with a big glow surrounding the two of us.

#

When Opening Day came around, Sandy awoke early to head off to work. When I felt her warm body leave its position next to mine, I woke up.

"Where are you going?"

"Work silly." She leaned over the bed and gave me a kiss. In between kisses she joked, "You know that's what comes after school, work...so stay in school as long as possible."

She tried to stand back up to continue dressing for work, but I wrapped my arms around her neck and pulled her down for another kiss. "No silly, why are you going into work today...don't you remember calling into the office on Friday informing them you couldn't make it today because of a doctor's appointment?"

"No I don't." She stopped her fight of trying to stand up again and instead lay back down on the bed next to me. I kept my arms wrapped around her neck.

"Well I seem to recollect that you did."

"Oh really?" she said as she looked into my eyes.

"Uh huh, I remember your exact words."

"And"

I repeated the lines I told her office and used the same voice that I used trying to mimic Sandy's.

"You're bad. You're also really bad," she said with a laugh. "I can't believe the office thought that was me," she said as she wrapped her own arms around my back.

"Oh really? Well I could have imitated the noise you make when you get really excited but I didn't think the office would appreciate that," I said, running my hand through her silky brown hair.

"Oh please, you don't know what I sound like when excited, let alone reproduce that noise," Sandy said as she climbed on top of me and began to kiss me slowly allowing her tongue to dip into my mouth every so often.

"Oh I think I could." I then pinched her nipple hard through her white cotton top. Sandy let out a yelp. I then grabbed her ass as we continued kissing, our tongues probing deeper now.

"I know you can."

"You know if we continue this way, we'll miss the game on TV. I still have a lot more planned."

"Hmmm," Sandy moaned disappointedly. "Okay, I guess I can be persuaded to watch a Cubs game.

Sandy jumped into the shower, and I quickly got dressed to prepare for the day. I heard the shower turn off when I started up the grill and placed on top a couple of hot dogs. 

Sandy got dressed and walked through the living room. I heard her laughs while I was in the kitchen. She noticed that I placed the couch in front of the TV with folding chairs on either side and a couple of benches in front of the couch chairs.

"You are crazy," she said as she met me in the kitchen.

"I get crazier. What goes with a ballgame? Hot dogs and beer!" I said as I took some cold ones out of the fridge and poured them into some plastic cups you would get at the ballpark. 

"Just hot dogs and beer," she said trying to tease me but not realizing what she was walking into.

"I am glad you asked, check the oven." Sandy peered inside to see the salted soft pretzels that were finishing up. Another laugh came from Sandy. "I also found a cotton candy machine. That we can make later if you want."

Sandy walked over to me as I was taking the hot dogs off the grill and putting them in the buns. She hugged me from behind and began to kiss my neck. "You spoil me."

"You deserve it." I grabbed a couple of hot dogs and pretzels and Sandy grabbed the beers and we sat down on the couch in the living room.

We spent the first inning enjoying the food and the game. No one scored in the first, but the Cubs had some good defensive plays in the top half of the inning. After the first, I put away the paper plates and refilled our beers. I returned to the couch and sat close to Sandy and she wrapped her arm around me as we put up our feet on the benches in front of the couch. 

The second inning is when the Cubs broke through, scoring five runs. But they were not finished, by the fifth inning it was 12-1. Sandy couldn't have been happier and that made me happy. The Cubs have a tendency to blow the competition away in the first game then struggle for the rest of the season. But we still brought our plastic beer cups together in a cheer and a salute that that would not be the case this year.

As the game settled, I began to rest my head on Sandy's shoulder enjoying the relaxed afternoon with her. Now and then we had more to root for. In the eighth, we had the bases loaded with no outs, threatening to break the game open even wider. Sandy stood up in preparation of the next batter doing something wonderful as if she really were at the ballpark.

I stood up and stepped over the bench to sit down in the row in front of Sandy. "Do you remember this at all?"

Sandy looked at me with a suspicious look as I sat down. It turns out the next batter did do something spectacular with a double to the gap clearing the bases. I jumped up and down and then returned to my seat slowly to give a nice show of the nice green thong I decided to wear today. 

Sandy gave out a laugh. The next couple of batters got on base and I used every excuse to jump out of my seat and return slowly revealing the thong covering my ass. 

"You're driving me crazy Kate, return to your seat back here," she begged as she reached out to grab my arm.

I playfully pushed it away. "Get off of me woman, I'm trying to watch a ballgame here."

The inning ended and the Cubs won it quickly in the ninth with a final score of 18-4. I turned around to face Sandy at the final out and I jumped over the bench and gave her a hug. "I'm sorry Jeff couldn't have been here to enjoy the game with you, thank you for spending the day with me, I hope it was a decent replacement," I said with a kiss.

"It was perfect, you thought of everything."

'Well I just started with the green panties and expanded from there...hey we didn't get to the cotton candy. You still want some?"

"Absolutely. You get started. I'll put these chairs and benches away."

I headed into the kitchen and turned on the machine and added the sugar flavoring. The cotton candy was beginning to form as Sandy came into the room.

"You know what I forgot...those paper cones to collect the cotton candy."

Sandy walked over to the machine and saw the cotton candy. "Who needs em." She reached into the machine and collected some cotton candy around her finger and put it to her mouth. " Tastes great." She put her finger back in and collected some more and offered it to me. I licked the cotton candy off her finger. It was great. I went back and sucked the remaining sugar off her finger. We spent the next ten minutes feasting off cotton candy off of each other's fingers. Each time the licks, sucks and kisses to get the cotton candy off became more sensual. Soon all ten of our fingers were sticky and the candy was gone.

"You still have some sugar on your lips." I pulled Sandy's face close with my hand and kissed the corners of her mouth then licked a spot from her chin to her mouth. Sandy opened her mouth and sucked the sugar off of my tongue and we kissed. Aware of our sticky hands we avoided touching our clothes but with the passionate kisses we couldn't help but touch the others necks and run our hands through each other's hair. 

"Well this quickly became a sticky, sexy mess. Let's take this to the shower." Sandy took my hand and we walked to the bathroom. She started the water, while I took off my clothes. When the water was the right temperature, I slowly pulled down Sandy's pants while kneeling down, and ran my hands back up her legs and found the waistband of her panties and slid them to the floor and picked up each of Sandy's feet helping her step out of them. I then slid my sticky fingers up the inside of her legs as I rose, running one palm over her mound. I stood and gave Sandy a kiss, as I lifted up her shirt, breaking our kiss to get the shirt over her head. We continued the kiss as I undid the bra, sliding it off her arms.

We stepped into the shower and we let the shower run over our bodies. I ran my hands over every part of Sandy's body that the water had found and she did the same. It felt great to feel her hands all over me. I always felt safe and free in her hands and her touch lifted my spirit to new heights every day.

When we decided that the water had soaked us enough, Sandy reached for the shampoo and turned me around so she could lather my hair. She ran her fingers through my hair getting the sticky sugar out of my hair and massaged my head and rubbing my temples to make me fully relaxed. She pulled my head back to enter the stream of water to rinse out the shampoo. I had a great view of Sandy's face looking down on me, the water falling on my hair and Sandy's breasts getting lathered with the shampoo that fell off my hair.

I washed Sandy's hair in the same manner. Then we each grabbed a handful of body soap and prepared to wash each other. I replaced the shampoo on Sandy's breasts with my hands and lathered the soap into her breasts, running my fingers over the nipples. Sandy rubbed soap into my neck and as if to check to make sure I was clean enough leaned in close and took in a deep breath of my neck and let out a sigh and kissed my neck up and down with long pecks.

My hand moved from her breasts to her stomach. It was so flat. When lying in bed, that was the best place I liked to rest my head before drifting off to sleep in her arms. I dipped a finger into her belly button and moved my hands to her back and used the opportunity to pull her closer to me. Sandy washed my back as I did hers and we both moved to the other's ass. The soap ran down my buttcrack and I felt Sandy's fingers follow suit. I ran my fingers down Sandy's crack, pulling her cheeks slightly apart and snapping them back into position. Sandy would complain now and then about her age, but she had so much bounce left in her. Her ass was firm, her tits were pert. Age meant nothing to me with her. I gave her ass a bit of slap. Sandy reached around the front and began to rub between my ass and my pussy. She then re-lathered her hands and slid her hands up and down each of my legs. Stopping on the up stroke to take notice of my aroused pussy.

I sat Sandy down on the bench in the shower and lifted her right foot and placed it on my waist. I lathered my hand and proceeded to wash her right leg. I did the same with her left leg and she used the heel of her foot to press against my pussy making it quiver to her soft touch. I stood her up and we stood in the streams path letting the soap wash off our bodies. We continued kissing and caressing under the shower. 

We turned off the shower and stepped out running a towel over us quickly so that we weren't soaking and stepped out of the bathroom into the bedroom. We didn't stop kissing as we proceeded to the bed. Sandy laid my head gently on the pillow. She brushed my wet hair away from my face and began to kiss my neck. I took deep breathes and ran my hands down Sandy's back and up and down her soft legs as she straddled me.

Sandy began to kiss my breasts. My nipples were hard and super sensitive now. With my small breasts, my nipples seemed to stick out an even greater distance than the really did. Sandy took my nipples into her mouth and licked her tongue in circles around them. When she began to nibble, my hair stood up on end all over my body. My hands found their way between Sandy's legs and I tried to get her hairs to stand up on end too by using my thumb to roll and pinch her clit. 

Sandy moaned into my tits. I slid a finger along her slit and pinched her clit. Sandy lifted her head to let out a moan. I used the opportunity to turn her onto her back and I straddled her. She ran her fingers through my hair as I ran kisses down her cleavage and massaged her tits in my hands. I took one nipple into my mouth and sucked at her larger tits. Sandy explored my breasts with her hands as I played with her nipples with my tongue. Sandy then grabbed my head and pushed me down her waist until my face was hovering over her pussy. Her clit was swollen. I took her clit in my mouth with a deep suck and found that my finger easily slid into her already moist cunt. I quickly added a second finger and curled my fingers on her vaginal wall. My mouth moved from kissing her inner thighs and nibbling on her clit. 

"Oh Kate," Sandy moaned.

Sandy continued to guide my head. I focused completely on her clit with my mouth. One hand continued to finger her pussy while the other inched up to her breasts. Sandy's hands moved from my head to help my hand play with her tits. She began pulling on her nipples and I did the same with the other breast. I sucked hard on her clit and began pumping three fingers into her pussy fast. I felt Sandy's body shaking, then her pussy clenched around my fingers three times as she came with a loud scream.

Her body was still shaking when I picked up my head and removed my fingers and brought them to my mouth. She always tasted so delicious. I licked all the juices off my fingers and turned my gaze to Sandy. Sandy eyes were staring at me licking her pussy juices. 

"Come here," she motioned with her beckoning fingers.

I climbed up to kiss her. She licked her own juices off of my tongue.

"Now scoot up further." I crawled up to the head of the bed and positioned my pussy over her face and lowered myself down. Sandy quickly found my mound with her mouth, running her tongue up and down my slit, avoiding my clit and teasing me well. Her hands were rested on my ass, and she clenched and pushed me further on her tongue allowing her tongue to penetrate my hole and twirl around my pussy walls. I was very wet, and Sandy gave a moan of approval of my taste.

Sandy slid her head further down and pressed my ass further down on her face and her tongue slid from my slit and continued down a path to my asshole. She ran circles around my butthole, teasing my nerves at the entrance. Her tongue slowly penetrated my asshole, and I loved every minute of it. I pushed my ass further on her tongue without her help, wanting to feel her deeper inside me. Her tongue probed deeper while her hand now paid attention to my clit. Her fingers ran rapidly over my hard button and I was losing control. I arched my back and grabbed hold of the headboard to keep me from falling. 

"Sandy, I am so close to cumming!"

Sandy prepared for my orgasm and removed her tongue from my ass and replaced it with a finger sending it deeper up my ass while her mouth took in my clit. As soon as her tongue made first contact with my clit it hit me.
