 My left shoulder was pinning a pillow against the window, while Sandy was resting her head on my right shoulder. My cheek rested on her silky brown hair. She was still sleeping as we began our descent. I lifted my head and placed my forehead on the window straining to see below us. It was dark outside even though it was only around 3 o'clock local time. As we began the descent, the plane fell in line with the clouds and the drops began to appear on the window. We passed through the clouds, and rain began splattering on the wing and window; I could still not yet see the earth beneath us. I watched the rain fall on the wing of the plane and thought that Sandy had matched if not surpassed the number of rain drops with her tear drops over the past year. 

It was a very rough night when we heard the news. We held a tight embrace as we cried; tears ran unabated down our cheeks for what seemed like hours. Sobbing by Sandy that began as loud wails settled into the quiet cry where one is sucking for necessary air that had been lost to the sorrow. In the morning, after a few hours of scattered sleep, we began arranging with Berkeley school officials on a flight out.

There was a memorial service held for Jeff and the other students who had died in the accident. It was a strange feeling to be with the other grieving families. We were all going through the same crisis, yet none of us could possible understand what the individual loss meant to each and everyone one of us. I know for me that Jeff was a close friend in high school, providing me an outlet for my introverted personality. I felt ignored by my family, but Jeff was always willing to hang out with me. For Sandy , even I could not fully understand a mother's loss. Jeff was her only child. Her love for him would never be equaled by the number of tears shed for him.

The sky continued to cry. Sandy awoke when the flight attendants came around to prepare for landing. She lifted her head and red crease marks appeared on her cheek where her head had rested. Our arms interlocked as she grabbed my hand and gave it a squeeze as she tightened her seatbelt. My gaze went back to the window where there were no signs of the weather letting up.

We were on our way back from Arizona . Sandy had decided that Jeff would have liked to be cremated and have his ashes returned to the earth. When Jeff was six, Sandy and her husband vacationed there and it was probably there that Jeff fell in love with nature at the Grand Canyon and with the history touring the land of the Pueblo Indians. So on the year anniversary of his death, Sandy and I spent the occasion, my birthday, dusting Jeff's ashes over a southern cliff of the Canyon. It was a silent moment and turned into a very quiet trip of shared understanding.

My gaze left the window once we were low enough for me to recognize the land beneath us. I turned and looked at Sandy . Her hair was disheveled and her eyes bore the strain of countless sorrow. I squeezed her hand back as the rear tires hit the surface of the runway and then the front wheel tires. Our silence was not broken as we taxied and retrieved our baggage from the overheard compartments. In the cab ride home, with my arm wrapped around her waist, Sandy spoke. She grabbed my hands and brought them together in her lap and while looking at our hands interlocked whispered that she loved me. I wrapped my arm tighter around her to pull her closer to me. I took a deep breath enjoying the aroma of the shampoo she uses. I opened my mouth, but could not think of anything appropriate to say after such a somber week.

I awoke early the next morning. Before I opened my eyes I knew that Sandy was already awake. Her left hand was cupping my naked right breast, her arm extending down my body with her elbow pointing away from my belly button. I could feel Sandy resting her head on my left breast, her legs wrapped around mine. But what I could feel above all this were her eyes staring at me. I could tell she was watching me sleep awaiting my waking moment. I opened my eyes so that my eyes were staring at hers when my eyelids parted. 

"Hi."

"Hi," I replied back.

"I haven't forgotten."

"You haven't?"

"No."

"Hmm, well I have. Clue me in?"

"Your 21st birthday!"

My milestone birthday had indeed arrived. I had spent that day, watching darkened ash fall slowly, drifting with the wind down the deep Canyon.

"Don't remind me how old I am. Ugh, so old."

"I know. I may have to find a younger girlfriend." Sandy lifted her head off my teat and gave me a soft but deep kiss on the lips. 

"You know, I recall having on a T-shirt when I went to bed last night."

"You also had on panties."

I lifted off the sheet that covered our bodies and looked down at my waist. I could not see with Sandy 's leg draped over me. I slid her knee further down my legs. I saw my black pubic bush exposed. 

"You must have been very tired. You didn't notice me take them off. I have been playing with your pussy for a half hour now waiting for you to wake up."

"You have been molesting me in my sleep!" I said pretending to be insulted.

"Well, you kept moaning yes."

I parted my legs and ran my hand over my mound and realized I indeed must have been moaning. My hand was soaked. I now noticed that Sandy was also naked. Her larger breasts already had erect nipples indicating an excited woman next to me. Her pussy was also shaved bald. 

She saw my eyes staring at her crotch. "I shaved once I saw that you had been growing yours out like mine." I realized now that we had not made love in quite a while. 

I ran my hand over her smooth pussy lips and immediately my hand was soaked again. My pussy was not the only kitty being petted by Sandy this morning. I turned on my side to face Sandy eye to eye. "How exactly did you take advantage of me while I slept?" I returned my hand to her mound. "Did you rub my sex with the palm of your hand like this?" My palm put pressure on her as I ran my hand from her clit to her hole. "Or did you tease my slit by sliding your fingers across my gash?" Again my hand mimicked the motion of my question. "Or did you ignore the teasing mode and just slide your fingers into my pussy and curl them until your fingers became sticky with my juices?"

Sandy closed her eyes as I performed my questioning. With the first question, her tongue came out to moisten her lips. With my second question, she let out a soft moan. With my final question, she let out a yelp as she spread her legs and thrust her pelvis down onto my penetrating fingers.

I continued my line of questioning. "What did you do when this did not wake me?  Did you taste my juices?" I licked Sandys own cunt juice off my fingers. "Or did you get your pleasure by having the unsuspecting sleeper taste her own juices?" I parted Sandys lips and slid my fingers in and out of her mouth making sure to rub as much as I could off on her tongue. Sandy 's eyes remained shut but the moans didn't stop escaping from her lips. "But this wouldn't have been enough for your sick mind. You would have had to proceed to my breasts. Perhaps you spread some remaining juice and saliva over my nipples to invite your tongue to taste." I ran my fingers across Sandy large breasts and flicked her erect nipples. I then pushed her on her back as my mouth found her right breast. I sucked deep allowing my lips to pinch each nipple before my tongue flicked each hardened nipple. 

"It was here where you were probably caught when I woke up."

"You are absolutely right, and you awoke just when I was getting to the best part. I would have gone to the closet and pulled out a toy." Sandy got off the bed and walked to the closet. My eyes followed her tight, tanned ass and I licked my own lips as she bent over to pick something out of the drawers in the closet. I could see the glisten on her bald pussy surface as she reached deep in the drawer for her toy. As she turned to come back, I closed my eyes again to play the part of the sleeping, unsuspecting sleeper.

I heard Sandy stop at our night table, probably to pull out some lube. Then I felt her grab my ankles to pull me to the end of the bed. My legs were bent, with my feet flat on the bed and legs spread wide as I felt a dildo enter my wet hot cunt. "I would wonder what you were dreaming about and how these new sensations would incorporate into your dream. Were you at school, perhaps sitting in on a boring class when for some unknown reason your pussy walls were parted? Or were you having some strange dream of rainbows and unicorns when you felt your cunt throbbing, feeling the need to cum?"

"Oh Mr. Unicorn!" I screamed, giving off a laugh as I moaned. Having this dildo in me felt so good. The movement was so rhythmic. My ankles were once again grabbed and my legs lifted off the bed and onto Sandys shoulders. The pushing of the dildo became deeper. I opened up my eyes to see Sandy was not using her hands to piston this rubber cock inside me. Instead she had a harness around her own pussy with the dildo attached. Her waist was rocking wildly matching the thrusts of the dick.

I couldn't believe my eyes, when did we get this new toy? Watching Sandy fucking me in this way caused my walls to pulse and I came all over her cock. I let out a scream. My hands grabbed the sheets as I began shaking and writhing back and forth on the bed. Sandy slowed her thrusts and slowly withdrew her still erect cock. She let go of my legs and they fell to the floor. Sandy kneeled on the bed and waddled over to me, resting her ass on my waist and leaned in for a kiss. Her cock rested on my tits. I enjoyed her tongue in my mouth. Sandy began to swat her prick against my nipples as I sucked on her tongue. Finally our mouths separated and Sandy brought the dildo to my mouth and I sucked my juices off her hard dick. Savoring my juices, I unfastened the harness from around her waist. I laid the harness to rest next to me on the bed and lowered her pussy onto my face. I flicked my tongue along her clit and watched as she parted her lips and positioned her gap over my outstretched tongue. Sandy began lifting and lowering her ass onto my tongue. She controlled this pace as I began to fasten the harness onto my own waist. Sandy continued to tease her pussy on my tongue until I had finished positioning the cock on me. I slid her down and guiding her pussy onto my new claimed dick. We kissed again as Sandy slowly rocked on me. The pushing of her cunt onto the dick caused it to rub up on my own mound and felt myself ready to cum again. 

I came again and squeezed onto Sandys overhanging tits as I did. Sandys movements on my cock increased. She was now panting hard and I saw she was close to cumming now too. I pinched Sandy 's nipples. Sandy now had her eyes closed and was arching her back. She was close but removed the prick from her gash and scurried up to have me finish her off. I sucked at her clit and fingered her pussy. I had three fingers deep inside her when I felt her pussy walls collapse. Her juices spilled out of her pussy and down onto my face. I grabbed what I could that dripped into my mouth. I could never grow tired of her taste. Sandy came again and collapsed next to me on the bed. I turned over to hug her, my penis now poking into her leg.

"I think I much prefer being awake for that than sleeping."

"Me too."

We caught our breaths and took showers. When I got out of the shower Sandy was again waiting for me at the door staring into my eyes. "So that wasn't your present. Its your 21st birthday so I went all out." Sandy again went to the closet and pulled out two wrapped presents.

I quickly unwrapped the first present. It was a beautiful leather bag.

"I figure you can use that for the new job." 

I was doing student teaching my final year, and this bag was going to be perfect for keeping me orgainized with all my new lecture plans I would be doing. I opened up the second gift wondering how she would top the first gift. The second contained a mac laptop.

"You are going to be a great teacher; I have no doubt about that. I just figured you should be as prepared as you can be for your first assignment."

I gave Sandy a kiss. She was such a loving person. I had not asked for any gifts and had thought that she may not want to celebrate being such a painful past year. I knew Sandy had such a big heart and was glad that I occupied space in that heart. I knew it was space that would never be vacated.

Teaching the first semester was fun. It was long and busy and challenging, but I loved it. I really had no doubts after that first semester that I wanted to teach. The kids responded to my lesson plans. The high school that I student taught for also loved me. Like a Christmas gift that I was waiting my whole life for, they offered me a job upon my graduation. 

I was so excited that I would be entering the work force upon graduation, and being filled with the Christmas spirit, I thought that it would be best to go talk to my parents and let them know what lay ahead in my future. I had visited them twice a year since I started college, around Christmas and Easter. The morning of Christmas Eve day, I left for my visit.

"Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?" Sandy asked, concerned.

"No, I want to do this myself." I said. I could have used Sandy 's comfort, but I knew it would just make matters worse. I had yet to tell them I was a lesbian and I figured having my girlfriend with me would be too much of a shock to their system.

I knocked on the door at about eleven. My mother answered the door and let me in. We exchanged hellos before she returned to the kitchen where she was making her holiday pies. I followed her to the kitchen. She was rolling out some dough and I asked her how she and dad were doing. Everything was fine. I remained silent hoping she would return the question. Usually my visits lasted an hour where I sat watching her cook dinner for my father or sit with my father as he watched the football games on tv. After an hour of silence I felt my visit went well and I would go home. My mother must have sensed my anxiousness so asked of how I was. I told her graduation was around the corner.

"Can you still use the dorms to live in after you graduate?" my mother asked. "You know your father has gotten used to having his game room."

"Well, mom, I'm actually living with someone now," I responded.

My mother put down the rolling pin. "I don't approve of that at all."

"It's a girl," I continued.

I could see my mother mulling that over. "I guess that's okay."

"Yes, it is. And we like each other very much," I added, as an indicator that my mother had missed my previous point entirely.

My mother's jaw dropped. "Dear!" she yelled out to my father.

"Did you burn the pie?" my father said as he rushed into the kitchen ignoring that I was there.

"Your daughter's a lesbian."

My father now noticed me and stared at me. "I don't have any lesbian daughter," he stated.

"Father, I am a lesbian and I am in a committed relationship with someone. I love her very much."

"I don't have a lesbian daughter," re restated.

"I'm a lesbian," I protested.

"Then I don't have a daughter." "Is that the way it is, then?" I asked looking from my mother to my father.

"That's the way it is," my mother confirmed.

"Merry Christmas!" I yelled as I left the house for the last time of my life.

The tears did not hit me until I got back home, and Sandy began walking from the living room to meet me at the door. I saw her eyes as she came around the corner and the tears began to swell. I ran up to the bedroom and locked the door and began bawling as I curled up on the bed. I cried alone for an hour before I relented to the third request from Sandy if I wanted to talk. I opened the door and immediately gave her a hug. I cried into her blouse. 

"Hold me," I begged.

We stood in the doorway forever. It gave me time to think. How many tears have I shed in the past year? When would the sorrow end? I had the love of my life, and yet it seemed like the worst time of my life. I wanted to shed all my tears that night. Never did I want to experience this pain again. I cried and cried. Sandy 's blouse was soaked, and I cried.

Five months later I cried again. My name was being read and I walked across the stage to receive my diploma from the university president. I shook his hand, grabbed the diploma and turned and saw Sandy staring at me beaming. A single tear rolled down my cheek as I switched the position of my tassel. In three months, I would begin teaching my history class at the high school. I'd have a summer of fun with Sandy and I hoped to fit in many Cubs games. And what would follow would be the rest of my life with her.

As the crowds dispersed, I met Sandy . We were both beaming and I gave her a big hug. As we hugged she whispered in my ear, "I am so proud of you. I love you. I can't wait to see you do great things. I know I will have that opportunity. I know you will always be at my side when we go to bed each night and I know you will always love me as much as I love you. I love you so much. I don't have a special place for you in my heart. You are my heart."

A few more tears crawled their way down my cheek. "You are my heart too."

I was still wearing my gown when we arrived home. I had tossed my cap and did not bother finding it after the ceremony. We closed the front door and Sandy pulled me from the door and embraced me. "You look so damn sexy in that gown, college graduate."

"I look even sexier out of it."

"I knew you would say that if I said what I said. It was a trap," Sandy said as she kissed me with force. She reached down my sides looking for the hem of my gown. She could not reach so she grabbed the fabric and inched it up until she found the bottom of the gown. We continued our kiss while she worked the gown up. We separated as she tossed the gown off me. I was wearing a dress under the gown with spaghetti straps. Sandy returned to kissing me while her hands landed on my shoulders and pushed the straps off my shoulders and pulled the dress down to my waist, exposing my breasts. Our tongues probed as she cupped my naked breasts. She began to massage them as I found the zipper in the back of her own dress. Her back became exposed and I began to rub her back as she explored my tits. My hands slid under her bra strap and unhooked it. I broke our kiss to help her get out of her dress. She stepped out of her red dress and her bra fell to the floor. I lifted her breasts in my hands and stared at her gorgeous body in front of me. I returned to our kiss, this time I was massaging her breasts as she pushed my dress past my waist until it fell to my feet and I stepped out of it kicking it into the living room.

I was now naked. Sandy quickly realized I was wearing no panties to match my braless outfit when her hand sneaked across my flat belly to my mound. I was already quite moist. She stopped our kiss to look down to confirm with her eyes what her hands had discovered. She felt how hot I was so began running a finger along my naked slit. She moved her kisses to my neck and kissed my left ear, twirling her tongue along the cartilage folds and breathing a hot breath on the trail to make my whole body tingle. I let out a moan and tilted my head backward with her touch. I was rocking my pelvis with her probing finger now. It didn't penetrate my pussy, just slid in between my folds. Her thumb was now playing with my clit. She put pressure on my nub with her thumb and began rubbing back and forth over it while her finger kept sliding across my moist lips. When her breath reached my ear with her next round of kisses, my back arched with my neck, and I began panting as my whole body clenched then released then clenched and released again real quickly as I came. I could feel the liquids spread down my legs and knew I must have drenched her hand. She moved her cum-soaked hand and touched her own breasts rubbing my juices into her skin. She stood back from me now as she massaged her hardening nipples. 
