 The woman at the club named Keri had been right that week all the women she pointed out at the club took the walk. Each of them one by one eagerly joined all the other lesbians on campus. 

Maria texted me several times a day that week and I tried to keep my answers to a minimum. I answered yes, no or maybe to almost everything she asked but over and over again my phone announced "Message from Maria." On Friday she finally called me. 

"You want to come over and watch a movie?" She asked. 

"What type of movie?" I said trying to hide my excitement. Every time she would text me I could feel a anticipation run though me. I tried to hide it even from myself. 

"Just a regular movie, unless you want to watch something a little more... erotic?" She said. 

"No a regular movie is fine." I replied. 

I dressed down just in blue jeans and a t-shirt. I didn't want to send any wrong messages, that and movie night should be comfortable. 

When I got over to her house she was all smiles. She was in blue jeans and a cami. As she made popcorn I looked at the pictures on the wall.

"Who is this?" I asked looking at a picture that looked sort of like her. 

"Oh that is my cousin and housemate Monica. She is pretty huh?" Maria said coming over and offering me popcorn.

I took a handful and said, "She is cute, I guess. Is she?"

"Gay? Well... I guess she is like you, but she has been hanging out a lot with a woman named Sara. I don't know her too well but I think she might be the one; they have been spending a lot of time together. They go to the gym together almost every day and have been to the movies and gone out to dinner. As far as I know they have not kissed yet. I have a feeling tonight might be different." 

"Why?" I asked looking into Maria's eyes. The pools of her dark eyes looked back at me deeply. 

"She was all dressed up when she left here and she did not say where she was going. She was really cute too in her red dress. That and she washed a pair of sexy underwear last night and now they are missing. I went into her room and checked her drawers." Maria said smiling at me. 

"So you think she went on a date with Sara?" I said looking away. Then back at the picture. 

"I think she has been on several dates with Sara to tell you the truth, and each one seems to last longer. She used to stay here every Friday night but now she goes out. I've never seen Sara pick her up or anything and so far she is always here the next morning alone. By the way, I have a gift for you, but don't open it for a while." Maria said. 

"Why?" I said looking at the pink box. "What is it?" 

"Just trust me, you might not be ready for it, open it in a couple of weeks."

"Ok." I replied. 

We talked for a long time before the movie, had a couple glasses of wine and ordered a pizza. She was honest and we just watched a new action movie. It was pretty good and before I knew it was after midnight. 

"It is late, I'll sleep on the couch" she said. 

"You sure? I can go home." I said. 

"No you've had too much wine for that and it is late I don't think it would be safe. It is fine go sleep on my bed." She said. 

"Ok," I said, "Thank you." 

"Any time sweetie. Do I get a good night kiss?" She said looking at me with an almost pouty look. 

I could not help but look at her soft lips. Then I nodded and kissed Maria. One kiss became two and then three. Soon we were making out on the couch and once again I felt wetness sneak between my legs. 

When I finally pulled away Maria smiled at me, "I'll sleep better now. I think you will too." 

Her bed was so soft and comfortable. After sleeping on the small, hard dorm beds for so long it was wonderful. It felt strange but it was great to sleep in her bed. I fell right to sleep as if her kisses had put me right to bed. 

In the middle of the night I woke up needing to pee. I was very groggy on the way to the bathroom, but on the way back I noticed a red dress on the floor and an open door across the hall. Unable to think, I walked over to the open door and looked in. 

There were two women both in their underwear, one on top of the other kissing and grinding passionately on the bed. At first I thought it was Maria underneath the other woman and a surprising streak of jealousy ran though my body but as I watched the two women kiss I realized it was her cousin Monica. She was even more beautiful than her pictures. The other woman must have been Sara. Sara seemed shorter than Monica and had short blond hair. It looked like she was beginning to grow it out, but overall it just looked messy. 

Sara's hands were running up and down Monica's legs and then she moved down pulling a leg into her lips kissing it deeply. 

"AHHHH SARA" Monica whimpered loudly. 

"It feels good huh?" Sara said almost proudly. 

"Yeah it does, AHHHH SARA, Es muy rico. Ahhhhhhh, ME ENCANTA!" Maria screamed. 

"Your Spanish drives me crazy baby, it is so sexy. It makes me so wet." Sara said. 

"I'm getting wet too." Monica cried.

"I know sweetie," Sara moved her hand behind Monica's back and Monica's black lace bra quickly flowed off her body, "I can tell."

"Your breasts are so beautiful." Sara said taking a nipple into her lips.

"Ahhh that feels so good." Monica whimpered. 

Sara kissed and licked her breasts for a long time before she started to kiss down her brown wonderful body. The same devious wetness that I had felt when kissing Maria was back between my legs, it was horrible how good it felt. Monica was so pretty and her naked body made me feel so warm inside. She looked so much like Maria that it was scary. 

It was not long before Sara was moving down between Monica's legs. I watched as Sara kissed around Monica's black lace panties. Maria was right Monica's underwear was very sexy. 

Monica closed her eyes and moaned as Sara continued to lick down between her legs. 

"You're so beautiful." I heard Sara say, "I've wanted you so much, and I love your panties."

Monica just continued to moan, looking down between her legs at the lesbian that was so close to her womanhood. Her hand moved to Sara's head and played with her soft messy hair. 

I felt even more wetness invade my folds as Sara peeled off Monica's panties. 

Sara went back up her body and kissed her lips saying, "I so fucking happy Monica. You're finally mine, I knew you would give yourself to me, I knew you would be mine." 

She went back between Monica's legs smiling, "You smell so fucking good." 

Monica arched her back as Sara's lips took her, "AHHHHH SARA YES!!" 

She was moaning and smiling as Sara ate her out. Their hands locked in passion as the pleasure mounted in Monica's tan, soft, eager body. 

Monica was clean shaven and for a second I wondered if Maria shaved herself just like her cousin. I wondered if she shaved herself for me, it made my heart race. Sara seemed to know what Monica wanted and the pleasure seemed to quickly overwhelm the young Latina woman. 

Monica's moans were soft and feminine until Sara slowly slipped a finger into her wet pussy. "AHHHHH WOW SARA AHHHHHHH. ADIOS MIO!!" 

Monica's body began to jerk with the motions of Sara's fingers and lips. The jerking soon became rocking on the bed as Sara made love to Monica with her lips and her fingers. 

Sara leaned back but continued to fuck Monica with her fingers; I watched as she used her thumb to rub Monica's clit as she looked up at her lover. 

"I've wanted to do this to you for so long baby; I love your pussy it tastes so fucking good and you're so fucking wet! You're so fucking perfect baby, so fucking prefect!" 

"AHHHHHH SARA," Monica screamed, "SARA AHHH AHHH SARA!!"

Sara smiled and went back to making love to Monica with her lips. 

After couple of minutes Monica looked down between her legs, "Ahhh Ahhh ahhh that was good, It is ok I've never been able to cum for another person before." She whimpered, "Don't worry it is normal for me." 

"I'm not stopping baby, just relax, and trust me you will, trust me you will..."

I watched as Sara patiently went back to licking her over and over again and Monica's head went back down to the bed. For a while Monica just laid on the bed moaning softly. 

I don't know what Sara tried or did but all of a sudden Monica was screaming loudly.

"AHHH AHHH ME ENCANTA AHHHH AHHHH AHHHH SI SI AHHHH SARA YES YES YES. AHHH AHHH NO SABE AHHH AHHH AHHHH SARA SI AHHHHH AHHHHHH CINGA AHHHH MEEEEE ENCANTAAAAAAA!!" 

The orgasm hit her hard and her body convulsed over and over again. 

Sara slowly came back up her body kissing her. "See baby, see how it is supposed to be." 

Monica nodded. 

"You understand? You understand how wonderful this is? Why this is the way it should be?" Sara asked looking into her eyes. 

"Si Mi Amor, I do now." Monica said.

They both sat up and the two kissed in each other's arms for a while. 

Monica looked down Sara's body and licked her fingers, "I want to make you feel good."

"Good baby, do whatever you want. I'm all yours." Sara whimpered. 

I watched as Monica slipped her hand into Sara's panties and slowly began to touch the other woman.

"Ahhhhh yes." Sara moaned pulling her into another kiss. "Yes baby yes fuck finally!"

"I think you're ready." She said. 

Monica looked down Sara's body "Yes..."

"Good baby. I want you between my legs."

Monica helped Sara take her panties the rest of the way off and Sara smiled laying back on the bed and spreading her legs. 

"Take your time baby, I want to enjoy this. It means a lot to me that you finally want me, that your body needs me, that you are finally mine." 

Sara smiled as Monica slowly began to discover the lesbian's pussy. 

With that I went back to Maria's room. I could not sleep the rest of the night. I was so wet, so confused and so scared of what it all meant. 

The next morning when I finally came out of the room Maria and Monica were in the kitchen cooking food. Monica was just waring panties and a T-shirt while Maria was in what she had worn to bed. 

"Morning sweetie," Maria said smiling at me. She walked over and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back before I realized I had not brushed my teeth. 

"I have not brushed my teeth." I said covering my lips. 

"I don't care." She said smiling and kissing me again, "You still taste good to me, but I do have an extra toothbrush. Why don't you do look under the sink, brush your teeth and I'll make you some breakfast." 

"Ok" I said. 

I walked to the bathroom found the toothbrush and brushed my teeth. On the way back I could not help but peek into Monica's room. 

Sara was asleep in bed, she seemed so peaceful laying there naked. I could not help but stop and look at her body for a second. It was so pale and curvy. Her body was nothing like Maria's but still beautiful. 

When I came back into the dining room Monica and Maria were putting food on plates. 

"Prima, go serve your new Novia breakfast in bed. She will love it." Maria said. 

Monica nodded and smiled at me as she took the plates back to her room. 

I watched as Monica disappeared back into her room with the food. I could not help but look at her butt if even just for a second. 

"Come sit down." Maria said smiling at me. I did as she said and sat down at the small table. 

"What is this?" I said looking down at the plate. It looked like a pancake with cheese on it. 

"Arepa Con Queso sweetie, trust me you will be eating good food this morning. I've wanted to make you breakfast since we first meet." She said taking a bite herself. 

I took the fork and took a bite. It was good. 

"How is it?" She asked smiling at me. 

"I like it," I said, "It is good." 

I felt Maria's fingers behind my neck as we began to talk. I felt a shiver run down my spine as she played with the back of my neck.

"I'm glad you like it but there is nothing like breakfast in bed. I'm so happy for Sara and Monica." 

I looked into her eyes and I vanished. They were like an abyss that I could not help but get lost in. I felt so light headed as we talked and finished our breakfast. 

From the room I could hear moaning and whimpered though the open door. 

"So eager," I could faintly hear Sara say, "Ahhh my god yes again ahhh yes good morning baby." 

"Buenas Dias, Mi Amor." I could hear Monica saying. 

Maria smiled at me, "Buenas Dias, Mi Amor." She also said before leaning in and kissing me. 

As I closed my eyes I could hear, "You want me to fuck you? You want me to make your morning perfect?" coming from Monica's room. 

"Ahhh Ahh yes ahhhh God yes." 

"I love how wet I make you, how wet your fucking cunt gets."

"Yes ahhh ahh Sara si ahhh ahhh Si Mi Amor. It is you, it is all you, you make me like this." 

Maria smiled as she pulled away from the kiss and looked deep into by eyes, "You're going to spend all day with me ok?"

I nodded and she leaned in and kissed me again. 

"There is a BBQ over at Gina's house and I want us to go." 

I nodded again unable to look away from her dark eyes. 

"We are going to go over to your dorm room and get some clean clothes." She added.

"Ok." Maria I whimpered. "That is a good idea." 

"Better yet let's go buy you some new ones, my treat."

"That would be great." I whimpered. 

Just sit here I'll be right back.

As she ran to her room to change I sat there and listened to the screams and moans coming from Monica's room. 

"Ahhh yes Monica you taste so good. This is the best breakfast in bed ever." 

"AHH AHHH YES AHHH AHHH SARA AHHHHHH! ME ENCANTA AHHH AHHH."

Maria was quick and she ran back out of her room with a brush handing it to me. 

"I didn't take a shower" I said. 

"We can take one over at Gina's" she said, "let's let them have the house to themselves, hearing them just makes me want you even more." 

I nodded. As we got in her car she reached out and held my hand. I smiled at her. I didn't know what the day was to bring, but I knew Maria would be right there by my side, knowing that made me feel so good inside. 

As she started the car Latin pop music came on. I looked at the radio as her hand left mine to turn it down a bit. Then I watched her as she started the car and she looked back to see if any cars were coming. I reached out and grabbed her hand before she could release the emergency break. She looked at me with a confused look. I moved towards her and kissed her. I kissed her deeply and passionately as if for the first time. Her lips felt so perfect and we kissed like that endlessly. When she finally broke the kiss I was still locked onto her eyes. 

"Buenas dias Mi Noiva." She said smiling at me and looking deep into my eyes, "Hola Mi Amor."

"Hola." I whimpered as I licked my lips, "Maria."