 I felt wonderful as Maria and I left her home. The entire car ride I held her hand tightly as Maria and I drove to the closest shopping center which would not open for another 15 minutes. 

When we parked I looked deep into her eyes and then down at her smile. 

"I love how you look at me." Maria said. She moved towards me and I did not resist as her lips touched mine again. 

Her kisses were incredible as we sat in her car listening to the radio. Over and over again her lips touched mine and my body was overwhelmed by the deepest pleasure. I could feel myself get excited between my legs and every song seemed to be a love song. 

"Let's go get something to wear today." Maria said smiling at me when they finally opened the store. 

I nodded. 

We held hands as we looked thought the clothes of the discount retailer. I was a little embarrassed holding her hand in public but it was early enough that there were not many customers or associates. There was one obviously lesbian clerk that smiled at us as we passed. I was not sure how I felt about it but Maria held my hand tighter and directed me to the bathing suits and dresses. We picked out beautiful ones together and I was surprised how nice it was just to shop with her. I had never been a huge shopper but with her it seemed easy and nice to pick out some new clothes and a bathing suit for the day. It almost seemed like we had done it 100 times before. Soon we were walking out the store hand in hand with clothes for the day and a couple of extra items that we both liked. 

We went over to Gina's house and Gina and Tammy were just getting up. It was obvious they had a late night in bed. Gina's roommates were out of town and Gina joked about taking Tina in every room in the house. I did not know how that made me feel but I was not disgusted by the idea anymore. 

I was the last to take a shower that morning after Maria, Gina and Tammy and as I took my shower my entire body felt like it was shaking. I knew that only minutes ago Maria was in this very shower naked and before that Tammy and Gina. It took all my control not to touch myself in the shower thinking of Maria but somehow I kept my hands off myself. 

When I got out I put on the bathing suit that Maria and I had picked out and then the dress over it. I looked nice in the dress Maria had picked out for me. 

Gina and Tammy left to go to the store for the BBQ and Maria and I cleaned the house a bit. It felt so nice just to clean and work around her. We seemed to know what the other one was thinking as we cleaned. She told me who was coming over including two women named Dawn and Jenny. There were several over couples also coming over but she mostly talked about Dawn and Jenny. I did not know them too well but Maria explained that Jenny was a lesbian had a thing for Dawn who was not. That they had been out on a couple dates but she was unsure exactly how far they had gone. About an hour later Tammy and Gina came back from the grocery store with the food. We prepared everything and waited until everyone arrived. When they got here most of the women went to the pool and enjoyed either swimming or sunbathing most the early afternoon. Each couple openly kissed in front of the other women. Maria looked over at me with a smile as they kissed each other and winked at me several times. It made me feel good the way she looked over at me. 

I walked in after a while to get out of the heat and get some more water. When I looked over to the living room Dawn and Jenny were embracing each other. 

"I can't believe I feel like this." Dawn said kissing Jenny deeply. 

"I'm so glad you finally do. I've wanted this for a long time." Jenny said excited. 

I watched as Jenny moved in and kissed Dawn's neck deeply. Dawn closed her eyes and seemed to whimper softly in pleasure. 

They then kissed each other deeply and I watched as both women let the pleasure embrace them. It felt wonderful just to watch and for the first time I felt myself almost rooting for them both to embrace this. 

Then I jumped in surprise as I felt wet lips on my own neck, I looked over and quickly felt relaxed as I realized it was Maria. 

I looked over at her, she was smiling. "Burgers are ready baby,"

I felt her hand on my cheek and then she pulled me into a deep kiss. It felt like heaven. 

When she finally released I moaned a little. 

"Good Novia, very good, every time we kiss you like it a little bit more."

"No I just..." I whimpered feeling the wetness between my legs. 

"It is ok sweetheart you can be honest with me baby I know it feels good, and watching Jenny and Dawn make out would turn me on too." 

I looked back over to the two; Jenny was touching Dawn's breast though the fabric of her bathing suit as they kissed. 

"Let's leave them be." Maria said reaching down and holding my hand, "I'm sure they will find a way into a bed room soon enough." 

"Ok" I said, Maria held my hand as we went to the back yard.

The burgers were great but all I could think about was Jenny and Dawn. Deep down I wanted to watch them, to see what was happening. I wondered how far they were going and if they had gone into a bedroom yet. 

"I'm going to the rest room." I said after a while not able to take it anymore. 

"Ok baby," Maria said smiling and winking. "See you soon." 

When I came back into the house I could not help but look into the living room. When I did not find them there I went to each bedroom until I found an open door and Dawn and Jenny. It should not have surprise me anymore but it did a little seeing both Dawn and Jenny naked on the bed. Jenny was on top of Dawn and she was pushing her body into the other woman. Dawn was moaning and her hands were all over Jenny's body pulling her deeper in. 

Jenny pulled back and slowly moved down between Dawn's legs.

"I've wanted this for so long." Jenny said kissing Dawns inner thighs. 

"Ahhh Jenny, I'm so horny, ahhhhh, I've never felt like this before." Dawn whimpered. 

"I know baby," Jenny smiled and spread Dawns legs apart, she reached over and got a pillow from the side of the bed, Dawn took it and put it behind her head. "I want my baby conferrable when I make her cum." 

"AHHHHHH JENNY." Dawn moaned. "You're so beautiful." 

"You're the beautiful one, finally giving yourself to me. I feel very lucky to be your first." 

Dawn closed her eyes and smiled, "I never knew it would feel this good." 

"I did, that is why I pushed you so hard." She kissed Dawn's inner thighs as she spoke, getting closer and closer to her cunt. "I knew you needed a little push, a little kiss here and there, and you would open yourself to me, and give yourself to me. Tell me how it feels baby to know you're finally mine." 

"I feel so good Jenny, Ohh please, please baby, make me yours please, I'm so wet." 

"Good baby I knew you would be." Jenny said consuming Dawn pussy with her lips. 

Dawn was hairy between her legs, but Jenny did not seem to mind. She ate her out with a fever that I wanted to experience. I watched as Dawn quickly became whelmed by pleasure and lust. 

"AHHHH YES YES I'M YOURS YES YES JENNY OH GOD YES." Dawn screamed. 

I watched as the pleasure mounted in Dawn's body. I could not help but watch and enjoy the wetness between my own legs as Dawn was brought into their world. As she came I wanted it to be me coming for Maria. I wanted it so bad that my entire body was shaking in anticipation the way it had in the shower the way it had for days. 

"You understand now?" Dawn asked moving up Jenny's body. 

"Oh yes Jenny yes." 

"Shit, the door is open, I don't want for the others to see how beautiful my new girlfriend is, I want you all to myself." Dawn said moving towards the door.

I moved down the hall as quickly as possible right into Maria's arms. 

"What were you doing?" She said grabbing me as the door closed. 

"Nothing." I said looking at Maria. 

"Where did Jenny and Dawn go? Why are you so flush?" Maria said looking back and forth into each of my eyes. 

"I don't know." I said my body shaking in her arms. 

"Don't lie to me sweetheart, I want us to be open with each other." Maria said moving a hand to my cheek. 

"When I came inside... they were... in the bedroom..." I looked into Maria's eyes and I knew I could not lie to her. "Jenny was eating out Dawn."

"Good baby, I like when you tell me the truth." Maria said smiling. 

"Now sweetie, Erica, baby, how did that make you feel?"

"It turned me on." I said in a whimper.

"Perfecto mi Amor you're finally being honest with me. I'm very proud of you." Maria said smiling at me. 

She took my hand and pulled me into the hall closet and shut the door. 

"Now I'm going to be honest with you, I want you to be my girlfriend, that does not mean we have to have sex yet and I'm not going to push you as much as some of these other girls would push their dates but I do want you to be openly my girlfriend and hold my hand on campus the way you did when we walked home last week and this morning in the store. I also want to be able to kiss you when I want to. Just like this." 

Maria wrapped her hands around me and kissed me deeply. It felt like heaven. We made out for a long time. It felt so wonderful the way she felt against me. 

Her hands moved in magical ways across my body and being in the confines of the closet made it even more erotic. I could feel myself getting even more wet and it felt so wonderful. More wonderful then anything I had ever felt. 

Then I felt her hands on my butt and her upper thigh slide between my legs,

"Ahhhh Maria... wait." I whimpered feeling the force between my legs.

"It is so hard to wait baby, you feel so good against me and I want you so bad, I know we will be together soon but for now I want to know that you're my girlfriend." She said pushing her thigh even deeper between my legs. The contact sent waves of pleasure though my body in a way I had never felt before and every push made me want more. 

"That is not fair." I said letting out a long moan, "It feels too good."

"I know baby but I can't help it, I need you to say it. I need you to say your mine." She went back to kissing me and then I felt one of her hands on my breast. "I'm so tired of us not being together of you not admitting what you are, of me and you not being truthful with ourselves."

She pulled back again and looked at me, cupping my breasts softly she asked,

"Erica, are you my girlfriend? I want you to be my girlfriend; I want to be yours and you to be mine. Just say it please baby, just say your mine." 

"Ahhh Maria, what are you doing to me?" I said beginning to moan. 

"I hope I'm making you feel good, like a woman should, but you should be the one to tell me how I make you feel." Maria said pushing her thigh more slowly between my legs again. 

"Ohh Maria, it feels good but I don't know." I whimpered wanting her to push harder and faster agian. 

"Why not? All your friends have girlfriends; think of how happy they are. You and I have been out and you like me I can tell. I just want you to admit your feelings for me. I want you to be honest with me and yourself. I feel wonderful when I'm with you; I'm your girlfriend if you will have me. I want to be good to you, to make you feel good, to make both of us happy, but I also want you to be good to me, to make me happy and say you're my girlfriend. Please be good to me please... ahhh make me happy... ahhhhh Erica ahhhhhh." 

Maria went back to kissing me and I felt her thigh push deeper and faster into me. 

Everything she did felt so wonderful, and she let me enjoy it for a long time. Between my legs I was flooded with wetness and if she had pulled off my pants and gone down on me I probably would have let her I was so turned on, but instead she pulled away slowed down and said softly.

"Say it please." 

I looked dep into her eyes and could see love, lust and compassion everything I had always wanted, "Oh Maria... ohh yes... I'm your girlfriend, ohhh Maria. I'm yours." slipped from my wet flush lips. 

She smiled deeply, "See baby, doesn't it feel good, to finally tell the truth?"

"Yes baby," I said looking at her the best I could though the partial darkness. She looked so proud of me. She made me feel so warm and wonderful inside, "It feels so good." I whimpered, "I feel happy when I'm with you." 

"Good baby I feel the same way, and as we continue our relationship I want us both to always tell each other the truth." She said kissing me. 

"Yes baby, Maria I've never felt like this before." I whimpered. 

"Good, now let's go tell our friends." 

We walked outside holding hands together, I felt light headed as Maria presented me to her friends. 

"Erica has something she wants to tell all of you." Maria said squeezing my hand tightly. 

"Maria is my girlfriend." I said under my breath. Looking around at all our lesbian friends.

"Louder baby." Maria said, "be proud of it, be proud of what you are."

I looked at the women; all at which were looking at me; some of them were holding their lover's hands. 

"I'm Maria's girlfriend." I said louder, "I'm happy when we are together."

All the women clapped and smiled. 

"Wow this is a big day for you." Tammy said coming over and hugging me, "Finally coming out of the closet." 

"So have you and Maria... yet?" Gina said smiling at me. 

"No we have just made out." Maria said before I could. 

After everyone hugged and congratulated us both. Maria pulled me close and kissed me. 

I heard ohhhh's as she kissed me on the lips in front of all of our friends. 

"Where are Dawn and Jenny" Tammy asked, "I have not seen them for a while."

"I think they are more than just friends now," said Maria. 

"Really what did you see?" Heather asked. 

"Erica is the one that saw everything." Maria said pulling me close to her. 

"What did you see?" Gina asked. 

"They went into a room together." I said softly. 

"It is ok, you don't have to go into detail, I mean soon enough everyone will know that Dawn is a lesbian just like the rest of us, just like you are." Tammy said smiling at me. 

"How did that make you feel knowing another woman has given herself to one of us?" Gina said smiling at me. 

"Good." I said surprised at my own answer. 

"Does it turn you on?" another woman asked. 

I nodded. 

"Oh Maria this one will be between your legs in no time." Gina said. 

"Hey none of that, she is my girlfriend and I'm going to treat her right." Maria said kissing me on the cheek. 

"I'll never understand you Maria. Having her suck your pussy is treating her right. You could take her right now I can tell, she is all ready for you to take her home with you. You can see it in her eyes, she needs it so bad. She is totally turned out, just like her friends. She is wet right now between her legs. Just walk her home take her right to your bed room and fuck her the way she needs to be fucked." Gina said. 

"Gina you shut the fuck up! Erica is mine and I'm not going to do anything till she is ready." She looked back over to me "Let's go baby, we don't have to listen to this."

"Yeah," I said, the way she defended me made me feel so warm inside. I did not want to feel that way but she made me feel safe and protected. 

Before we left she smiled a wicked smiled and pulled me over to the room that our friends had gone into. 

She slowly unlocked and opened it, "Let's take a quick peak baby."

Dawn's legs were spread wide on the bed and Jenny was reaching her hands between them. 

"Oh god how many times?" Dawn whimpered. 

"We are just beginning baby." Jenny said "I love your pussy. It is so pretty, so fucking wet."

"Ahhh I've never been this wet."

"I know, and I'm going to make you this wet all the time. This is the way you should be, overwhelmed by your own sexual happiness. With me, your fucking dyke girlfriend." Jenny said in a husky tone. 

It was crazy to see Dawn like this, her legs spread wide and her pussy was so wet. Jenny's fingers fucked her over and over again and you could see the perfect pleasure on her face. 

"Someday I'm going to make you that wet." Maria said "Someday soon I hope."

We kissed and we both smiled.

When we go to the dorms she walked me to the door and then kissed me again passionately. Our bodies felt perfect together like two rivers merging. I never wanted it to end. I felt her hands on cheeks pulling me in over and over again. It was wonderful. When we pulled back we would look deep into each other's eyes. 

"I'll see you soon Novia, I'm so happy you're my girlfriend. Besos." She said smiling. 

"Bye bye baby." I said before I knew what I was saying. 

"Adios mi amor." She said pulling me into one last kiss and then walking away slowly. 

I watched her as she walked away feeling the wetness between my legs. I loved her ass so much. It also made me empty inside to watch her go to know we would not be together tonight.

When I got to my room it was empty and it felt so strange to look around. It seemed so much like if I turned around she would be there smiling at me. 

There was a note from Heather and Cat on my night stand,

"Hey Rommie:

I'll be at Cat's tonight, hope you had a good time at the BBQ with Maria. 

Love, Heather"

Then in another person's handwriting it continued.

"Heather's is too tame, by the time you read this we will between each other's legs, lovers in perfection.

The truth is I hope this letter never finds you, I hope that by now you are trembling under Maria sweet touch, that you are begging her to go between your soft legs for the first time, that you scream her name passionately over and over again, and that the smell of your excitement fills her room as you finally give yourself to her the way you were always meant to. If not tonight I hope that happens soon because then you will finally be happy. 

Love, Cat"

"Fucking Cat" I thought "her words were so vivid. The worst part is it made me wet again just when I could feel myself calming down. Was this how my friends felt, before they gave themselves to their girlfriends? Was I going to do the same? Maria she made me feel so good, and her kisses were really getting to me. The first night it did not bother me as much but now I was willingly kissing her in public around other people. She had called me girlfriend in front of other girls; they all knew that I was dating another woman. She had even made me say she was my girlfriend in front of our friends. That was sort of mean, although it felt good to admit that I had feelings for Maria. When she defended me it made me feel so warm and proud inside. 

I changed into my PJ's and tried to sleep but I couldn't I just stared at the clock as minute after min. Then I thought of the box that Maria had given me. What was in it? What could she have given me? 

I went over and slowly opened the box. I was wrapped genially but when I ripped off the wrapping there was a vibrator inside with a note hiding behind the purple toy.

"Erica,

As I give this to you we have only just kissed, but I want you to know I want so much more. I want to make love to you over and over again. I want you and I to be girlfriends and lovers. I can make you very happy if you let me. I can share things with you that only two woman can know. 

I've never given a girl a vibrator before it was Cat's idea. She said there will come a time where you use it and think of me. 

I hope when you do we are already together that I am just away for a short time.

If not then I hope this helps you find your path to my heart.

Besos, Maria" 

The letter had a kiss at the bottom. I brought it to my lips and I could smell her perfume. It made me shiver in excitement. 

Maria I thought, I need you and I want you. I ran to the drawer and pulled out two batteries empting a package. 
