 Amy lay spread eagled, naked and panting, on the cashmere blanket. Metal handcuffs fastened both of her hands to the wooden bedframe above her head, leaving her entire body exposed and vulnerable.

For the longest time, Amy had been insecure about her looks. She was of average height, with short blonde hair that never did what it was told and frizzed up in order to frustrate her. When she was a teenager, she had grown it long enough to cover her budding breasts and was quite proud of the godiva-like appearance. As an adult however, she felt like everyone could tell that her left boob was slightly bigger and misshapen compared to the right one, and had cut her hair short so as to avoid drawing attention to them. Amy had a wide midsection and wider hips; she wasn't quite overweight but she became increasing uncertain about her body when seeing women with perfect bikini bodies and hourglass figures. Someone had once called her 'pear-shaped' – she found it thoroughly unflattering but it wasn't entirely wrong.

She didn't feel insecure right now. Blindfolded and cuffed, she could only focus on the exhilaration of sensations that the Amazon was subjecting her to. She had met her only recently but Quinne had awoken a powerful desire within her. Gorgeous breasts, powerful muscles, strong arms, and eyes that flashed with lustful mischief – Amy had never felt such an intense craving for another person before.

Not that she could see those brilliant hazel eyes now. Quinne had offered to take her to a place of ecstasy, and so far, Amy wasn't disappointed. Her skin tingled with incandescent pleasure and beads of sweat encircled her brow. Without being able to see her body, she imagined that her whole body was glowing with the brightest point coming from her pussy. Despite having had two orgasms in a row, Amy wasn't sated yet. When Quinne had finger fucked her and then eaten her out, Amy felt so satisfied that she could barely walk. 

Perhaps orgasm wasn't the right word. She couldn't tell exactly what Quinne had used on her – it felt huge when she had slid it into her vagina – but Amy had felt her body thrum with pleasure. Now, tied down to this bed and blind, she ached for more.

Amy was alerted to the movement of the tall woman near the bed – she was walking towards the head of the bed where Amy's head lay. A hand tenderly cradled her cheek. She felt heat rising in her face and warmth emanating from her body. Hands wrapped around her head and she could feel fingers unwrapping the blindfold. The fabric pulled away from her face and Amy blinked several times with the sudden increase in light.

Quinne stood grinning beside the bed. Her black leotard clung snugly to her taut body; she was running her hands slowly over her voluptuous curves and she seemed to want something of her.

"Watch," she said with the slightest heaviness of breath.

Amy watched with intense interest as Quinne hooked her fingers into the shoulder straps of her leotard. She slipped them gracefully down her arms until they hung loosely in her underarms. Reaching up to where the garment covered her breasts, she pulled at the tight fabric and it strained against her. The stretchy garment refused to go down; Quinne frowned for a moment and pulled harder until it slid down to her stomach. Quinne's breasts bounced up for a moment and came to rest against her chest. Amy's eyes widened just a bit – she just loved looking at this girl's large boobs. They definitely weren't the traditionally desirably perfectly round perky things – these hung heavy, but were soft and so well suited to Quinne's powerful frame. She stretched her arms upward yawning, but did so with luxuriant slowness.

Quinne winked at Amy and grasped the now-dangling leotard from her midsection and began to shimmy it down her body. The crotch of the garment seemed to stick to her for a moment before springing free. She bent over nearly double, pulling it down her legs in a way that was deliberately design to demonstrate her flexibility. The leotard lay on the floor and Quinne stepped out of it.

Amy stared at her with a mixture of admiration, envy and desire. Quinne was a big woman, in no way overweight but definitely large. She had strong, muscular curves and it was a delight to watch her simply standing or stretching. Amy found herself gazing at the gap between Quinne's legs – her thighs seemed to have a slight sheen to them. 

I wonder if this has been turning her on? Amy thought. Is it possible to be turned on pleasuring someone else?

Amy's ex-boyfriend's had not cared a lick for her pleasure (though if she was going to be honest with herself, she really didn't care about their either). Quinne however had seemed to have become incredibly aroused, if her wet thighs were any indication. Amy stared intensely between her legs; Quinne had a neatly groomed landing strip of hair that drew attention towards the beautiful lips beneath. Her vulva was slightly engorged with blood and were splayed slightly open. Amy thought back to the other day where Quinne had brought her to orgasm with her tongue. Quinne had said she'd tasted good. For a moment, Amy wondered what Quinne tasted like.

Quinne began to walk up to where Amy lay and jumped onto the bed. She landed smoothly on her knees and looked down into her eyes. Thinking that Quinne was going to crash into her, Amy instinctively tried to catch her but the movement jangled her bound wrists instead. Quinne laughed throatily and grasped Amy's chin with her hand.

"You've got such a beautiful glow now," Quinne mused. 

"I'm feeling pretty good. I hope there's more," Amy said.

The taller woman reached up and pulled the blindfold back down over her eyes, plunging Amy into darkness again. Amy called out in confusion.

"I thought you were going to show me something new?" Amy asked in the darkness.

Amy felt hot breath against her pubic bone, and a sudden thrill of pleasure explode over her as something warm and wet brushed across her sensitive clitoris. Fingers pressed against her moist opening and penetrated; Amy gasped with the sudden rush of sensations. She felt so aroused that she might come a third time in as many minutes. 

The fingers withdrew and a foreign object, slippery and hard, replaced it.

"The vibrator again?" Amy asked, letting a slight tone of boredom enter her voice.

"Quiet!" a voice commanded. Amy fell silent.

"Good girl," Quinne said with a note of good-humoured condescension. "Now I want you to pay attention. I don't want you to think that this is random or not understand how it works."

"I don't..."

Amy had begun to question Quinne when a sudden vibration struck her from between her lips. It was a powerful sensation, easily overwhelming her ability to speak or reason. After several seconds, it stopped and Amy lay panting heavily.

"I have a little button here, my little Amy, and it can turn on Mr Happy any time I want. On any time I want. See?"

Amy heard a click and was assaulted by waves of pleasure. She could feel the beginnings of orgasm, but the device clicked off again. She moaned in frustration.

"Turn it back on!" Amy cried.

"Not just yet. I told you that you'd get a whole new world of experiences," Quinne teased. 

The weight near her shifted away, but the vibrator had been left in place. She could feel a body shifting around the bed, and then weight press down heavily near her shoulders. Amy guessed that Quinne had stood up on the bed. Footsteps fell nearby, and Amy felt a foot land on each side of her head.

"Wait...what are you...?"

The buzzing in her vagina started up again and Amy arched her back. She clamped her muscles down on it as hard as she could, trying to see if she could 'extract' an orgasm from it. It turned off again. Amy felt like screaming.

The legs around her head tensed and Amy could feel the bulk of the Amazonian woman just above her face. A musky, spicy scent assailed her nostrils.

"Lift your head up," Quinne asked.

Amy did as she was told, but her face immediately impacted into a wall of moist flesh.

She's sitting on my face! She wants me to...no I can't do that!

"You're going to exercise that tongue of yours and taste something you've never had before. When I think you've had enough..." the vibrator drilled into her for several seconds before going dormant – "you'll be satisfied. I promise."

"I don't do that anymore for people," Amy said quietly.

"You'll enjoy yourself. You might acquire a taste for something new," she heard Quinne say cheekily.

Amy shook her head.

The body above her face lifted off, and then walked off the bed. Amy breathed a sigh of relief, but also disappointment. She didn't want the session to end but she'd clearly upset Quinne.

A hand grasped her cheek gently and she felt the other woman's lips on hers. They kissed deeply for a moment before the vibrator switched on and Amy started writhing in sheer exultation of the feeling.

Quinne broke the kiss and lingered close to her face; Amy could feel Quinne's warm breath just above her.

"That's okay," Quinne whispered. "We'll see how long it takes for you to...acquiesce."

Amy's eyes widened but it was for naught – she still couldn't see anything due to the blindfold. She struggled against her restraints but couldn't as much as budge them. She wasn't heavy or strong enough to pull free.

She felt Quinne walk away from the bed and she strained to sense where she had gone.

The vibration in her pussy started up again; it was at a lower oscillation this time. Slower. It was on an intermittent setting though – it juttered on and off in an inconsistent pattern, driving her mad.

"I'm going out for a while," Quinne's voice sounded out from the distance. "See you later."

Amy her the bedroom door close.

"Quinne? Quinne?!" 

She called out but couldn't hear anything but the slight buzzing of the vibrator. It tickled her, pulsing and thrumming, sending erratic throbs throughout her body.

"Quinne! For the love of god!"

Amy lay there, twisting and thrashing about on the blanket for some time trying to get some release. The vibrator would turn on, build her to the point of what felt like a mind-shattering orgasm but then off again. She snarled with greater agitation each cycle, longing for a release that just wasn't coming.

If only my hands were free – I could just finger myself, Amy thought. The idea that her orgasm was just out of her reach – literally – exasperated her almost as much as the sexual frustration. She had everything she needed to get off. She just couldn't use them.

"Please Quinne! I can't take it anymore!" Amy pleaded. She tried desperately to listen for the other woman's footsteps but found it too difficult to concentrate. The oscillation of the vibrator kept distracting her. Each cycle of arousal made her more and more frustrated – Amy had never felt an agony of desire before. She was so close to coming but it never came.

It was too much.

"I'll eat you out! Please! I'll give you as many orgasms as you want! Just finish me off!" Amy screamed out at the top of her lungs.

A hand suddenly touched Amy's leg – she shrieked in sudden surprise. She contorted in panic, trying to scramble away from the unknown person's touch.

"It's just me." Quinne's low voice came from the darkness. The calmness of the tone did something to allay her nerves and pounding heart. "Breathe. I'm the only one here."

It took several moments for Amy to relax her ragged breathing; a difficult task with a toy sending sporadic pleasurable sensations through her sex again and again.

She was watching the whole time, Amy thought. I was lying there, writhing around and futilely trying to reach down to masturbate and she was watching.

Before Quinne had left, she had put the blindfold back on tightly. Amy had been in darkness for some time and had been awash in bodily sensations – she found it difficult to listen for Quinne's movements around the room when all she could hear was the blood pumping through her veins.

"Why didn't you actually go? Why make a show of it?" Amy asked, breath heavy and laboured.

A hand ran down Amy's leg, from calf towards her thighs. Amy felt herself stiffen, involuntarily drawing the hand closer.

"Watching a woman trying to orgasm when she thinks she's alone?"

The hand rubbed gently against her thigh and then traced a path closer to her genitals.

"You'll never see a more raw expression of sexuality. No outside pressure. No one else to consider. No insecurity. Just unadulterated desire and lust," Quinne said.

The broad hand massaging her inner thigh became light finger touches dancing across her pelvis; they tickled her pubic hair before brushing her clitoris in wide, tender strokes. Amy convulsed and shuddered.

Quinne continued to stroke Amy's clit as she spoke. 

"We get to see how badly a woman wants it," she paused stroking and Amy gnashed her teeth. 

"Now what were you offering again?" Quinne asked innocently.

"Don't make me say it again," Amy pleaded through clenched teeth.

The fingertip on her clit flicked it slightly; Amy gasped and acquiesced.

"I'll lick your pussy, okay? Whatever else you want. Just don't leave me like this again!"

Amy felt a hand move up along her body towards her chest and the off. A heavy weight landed next to her on the bed. Quinne must have sat down.

A warm body shuffled near her head and Amy could feel her face being straddled again. A warm, wet fleshy surface made contact with her nose.

"Wait!" Amy exclaimed. "You've got to make me come first! I'll do you after. Please!"

"Not a chance, my little slave!" Quinne mocked. "But I will give you some more motivation."

Amy heard a loud clicking sound and the vibrator went into overdrive. Her arms involuntarily tugged at the restraints again, chafing her wrists and raising her ire. She felt as though her vagina would go numb from the vibration, but it would switch off giving her momentary relief and then plunging her back into intense pleasurable agony. On the second high-intensity vibration, she squealed and her face went headfirst into moist flesh. 

"Do it! Reach out with your tongue!" 

Quinne lowered down further onto Amy's head, pinning her in place. She felt so desperate for release that she complied and licked upward, tasting the sweet juices and savoury surface beneath. Amy heard a brief but heavy breath come from above her. She stuck out her tongue as far as possible and felt curved wet lips; she traced a path up and down the labia as best she could. She found it challenging without sight – she didn't know what she was doing or what to focus on. 

She licked up as high as she could possibly reach and felt a warm nub at the top of the lips. She encircled with her tongue, rubbing the tip of the nub back and forth. Quinne's body shuddered on top of her and suddenly lowered further, putting weight on her head momentarily.

Amy couldn't breathe. Complete darkness, legs wrapped around her head, and a pussy covering her mouth and nose. 

The vibrator buzzed again and Amy convulsed again. The movement pulled her head down just slightly and she could breathe again.

Hands pressed down on either side of her body and Amy felt Quinne lean down over her chest. She felt the large woman shimmy towards her head and wrap her legs tighter – she was completely surrounded by the warm body. Amy licked up again and found the little nub was now more easily accessible, though when she moved her head, her nose would slip in between the lips.

A fingertip suddenly started rubbing Amy's clit and she almost came then and there, but the movement slowed.

"Good! Keep licking my clit and I'll...yes! That's the spot!" Quinne moaned.

Amy was overloaded with sensation. Bound, blindfolded, vibrator pulsing and clitoris being tickled. The feeling of licking Quinne's clit made her even more aroused – her tongue was awash with the new taste and sensation of the soft but firm pussy above her. She rubbed the clit with the tip of her tongue, flicking it back and forth. The vaginal muscles around her nose began to contract and relax rapidly, and Amy heard an intense groan of pleasure.

"There...more...nearly...don't...uhhhh..." she heard Quinne say.

She's about to come.

The last thought before Amy's own orgasm triggered; the thought of having just brought about another woman's pleasure with just her tongue sent Amy over the edge.

Both women shivered and shook from exquisite pleasure coursing through their bodies. Amy revelled in the feeling of quivering flesh on her tongue and was overcome with uncontrollable sensations. She felt an explosion, spreading out from clit and reverberating throughout her until she saw stars dancing across her blinded vision. Quinne screamed out, a guttural, primal noise that sounded like a triumphant war cry. Amy joined in with her own orgasmic shriek but the sound was muffled under Quinne's pussy.

Amy felt like she was coming forever; the unquenchable sensation went on and on. When the flow of inexorable euphoria slowed down, she decreased the pace of her tongue-tickling of Quinne's clitoris. The vibrator in Amy's pussy was unexpectedly yanked out and she gulped air in surprise.

"Not enough! Keep going!" Quinne yelled.

What felt like a fistful of fingers penetrated Amy's pussy, and the fingertips on her clitoris went into overdrive. Amy buried her face in Quinne's vagina, waggling her tongue around the woman's clit as hard and deeply as she could. Amy's diminishing orgasm roared back to life, and she lost all conscious thought as she was consumed in a thrall of pleasure. She came again, and again; she lost track of the cycles and crescendos that Quinne subjected to her.

Amy's pussy grew numb and her clit painfully over-excited. Her muscles burned from thrashing against Quinne's weight atop her, and her tongue grew sore. She pulled her head out from under Quinne's wetness and shouted at the seductress. 

"Stop! Please! I can't take it anymore!"

Quinne rolled off her; the tall woman's foot caught on the blindfold and tore it from Amy's face. She heard a thunk next to her. After blinking several times, she saw that Quinne had fallen to the floor and was gasping with a broad, joyous grin on her face. Amy looked down at her own body, seeing that her skin had turned pinkish-red and that the bed was moist with feminine arousal.

Quinne stood up and lost her balance, crashing back to the floor. 

"Guess my legs are a little bit jellied," she giggled. She sat up, cross-legged and gazed at Amy's still-twitching body.

"So how do you feel?" Quinne asked, a note of satisfaction in her voice.

Amy moistened her lips with her tongue, or at least tried to – her mouth was completely dry. When she spoke, she could barely manage stuttered, huffy words.

"It's...it's so...so much..." Amy shivered violently and felt gentle ecstasy continue to wrack her body. "Why is...why...it's still...?"

"Your orgasm hasn't finished yet," Quinne breathed. "It'll take a few minutes for you to relax."

Amy sucked in deep lungfuls of air while her body concluded its euphoric outro. A minute passed, and several twitches of decreasing intensity went through her. She felt the broad smile across her face, and Quinne stood up. Amy locked eyes with her, feeling an upwelling of emotion inside of her. The taller woman must've seen the look in her eyes, and gently unlocked the handcuffs binding her. Amy rubbed her wrists where the restraints had pulled against her. Quinne put hands on both sides of Amy's face, leaning in and kissing her deeply. A tongue forced its way inside Amy's mouth and she tickled it with her own tongue.

The kiss broke after several intense seconds, and the two women stared into each other's eyes. Quinne fell on her back on the bed, pulling Amy onto her chest. Amy lay panting, sated and happy, on Quinne's breasts. She closed her eyes and fell asleep.