 Sophie closed her study book. The compulsory maths exam was the following day, but she couldn't possibly study anymore. Numbers were dancing before her eyes and diagrams had started to distort. She lay back on her large sofa-bed and sighed. 

You can do this. She told herself. You've got it. Just relax.

She dragged herself from her comfortable position and walked to the kitchen. She needed a hot chocolate. 

As stressed as she was about her college exams, Sophie had been enjoying a constant feeling of relief for almost four months. She'd broken up with her long-term boyfriend – who she'd been with since high school – and was enjoying the freedom of not having to think about him all the time. It wasn't that she disliked him or anything; she just didn't like him enough. He'd stayed the same since they were teenagers, she thought. Contrarily, by the time they both reached 20, she'd changed quite a lot. When they were younger, they'd both liked to play video games, hang out in town and they had both lived with their parents. Now, she'd worked hard to get a place of her own, worked a part time sales assistant job alongside her college studies and in her spare time practised gymnastics in a local gymnastics group. Her ex-boyfriend, Tom, still lived with his parents and, although he was at college, didn't seem to care about his studies or anything else. 

She was much happier after she was free of his uninspiring company. 

She stirred a small amount of cold water into the chocolate powder, then added hot water on top. She felt cosy and content when she'd prepared her drink, then she returned to her living room to sit on her large sofa bed. She liked living alone. She invited her friends round a lot, and it was a fun place to hang out with them, but she also enjoyed getting comfortable by herself, watching films, and thinking. 

She browsed through Netflix to find something to watch. It was only 10pm, so there was time for a film, she thought. 

On there she spotted a critically acclaimed, arty looking film: Blue Is the Warmest Colour. She clicked on it and saw the description: "French teen forms a deep emotional and sexual connection with older art student, after they meet in a lesbian bar."

She clicked 'play', sat back and sipped her hot chocolate. 

As she watched the film, she couldn't help but feel intrigued by the lesbian connection between the two main characters. 

That seems so real, she thought.

As the film progressed, there were several sex scenes which got Sophie even more interested. There was one extremely long sex scene, where the two women changed positions regularly in what was an extremely hot, frantic fucking session. Sophie felt herself getting wet as she watched this, and she slipped her hand into her panties. 

When the scene finished, Sophie paused the video.

That was so hot. 

She rubbed her clitoris and imagined that it was a woman's tongue. The previously taboo nature of this thought got her even more aroused, and she started to rub herself more quickly. 

She thought about how the women had licked each other and grinded against each other, grabbing breasts and buttocks in lust. 

Sophie moaned as she thought about how beautiful the women's bodies had been, and how turned on they'd looked. The scenes were so hot, she thought as she rubbed herself faster still She'd never experienced such pure lust with a man. 

She pictured the women's smooth skin in her mind. How soft it looked, how... strokeable, squeezable, lickable, biteable, kissable, fuckable. 

Sophie started to think about her friends, most of whom were also young, slim, students. She felt a little guilty as she imagined her best friend, Laura, naked. Laura was her most intelligent friend. She worked hard at college, enjoyed horse riding in her spare time and had a well-toned figure. Sophie thought about how strong her thighs must be, due to the horse riding. She felt weird for thinking of her friend in this way, but she was so turned on after seeing the women on the screen having sex, she couldn't help but to continue masturbating as she thought of Laura. She imagined Laura's blonde hair between her thighs. As Sophie pushed her palm against her pelvis and frantically fingered her clitoris, feeling the wetness from her vagina soaking her fingers and the top of her thighs, she imagined digging her fingers into Laura's back and kissing her as they both came from rubbing against each other. 

The pleasure that Sophie felt started to spread, and she felt the familiar tingles in her pelvis that she knew meant she was about to cum. 

She gasped and let out a high-pitched moan as she brought herself to orgasm. Her vagina was throbbing, she could smell the musky, sweet smell of her vaginal fluids and she was relaxed and relieved. 

She looked at the film: one hour left. She decided to save it for another time. She needed to get some sleep ahead of the following day's exam. 

–-

When Sophie woke up the following morning, she showered and prepared for the day ahead. She could feel the impending relief of having finished the last exam of the term. She packed her books into her bag – for some last-minute revision right before the exam – and made sure she had pens and pencils. She prepared a simple breakfast of toast, cereals and orange juice, and sat at her kitchen table. 

Her mind wandered back to the previous night. 

What was that? Sophie thought. She'd never, ever, even thought about having a lesbian desire before. She blushed a little when she remembered masturbating – climaxing, even – whilst thinking about her friend, Laura. Her best friend, Laura. The pair had known each other since they were four years old and had been best friends for that whole time. They'd been on holidays together as children and teenagers, they'd cried together, laughed together, slept in the same bed together... Not once had their relationship even verged on sexual. 

Sophie began to feel guilty as she sipped her orange juice. She felt as though she had betrayed Laura, sexualising her as she had last night. Still, she couldn't help but feel aroused when she thought about the fantasies. 

She tried to focus on other women. Women who weren't her friends. It was less weird to fantasize about random females, she thought. She thought of the two women in the film. They'd been French, and she'd liked their accents. They were husky, sexy and soft all at the same time. Sophie couldn't speak French, but imagined that if she could, she might like to talk to women with a similar intensity to the actresses she'd seen in the film. 

She thought again about Laura and took a deep breath. Laura was picking her up in 10 minutes, to drive them both to college for the exam. She needed to make sure that she didn't let any of this on. 

Sophie put on her makeup, making a bit more of an effort that she normally did for college. 

It will give me an extra confidence for the exam, she half-convinced herself. 

She sprayed on 4 squirts of perfume and sat briefly on her sofa. The doorbell rang. 

–-

Sophie opened the door to Laura and tried not to appear nervous. As soon as she saw her friend's welcoming smile, that was easy. She'd been building something out of nothing, she told herself. She sat in Laura's passenger seat and they drove the 4 miles towards their college. 

"How are you feeling about today's exam?" Sophie asked Laura.

Laura looked pale and serious. 

"I'm worried," she said. 

Laura always got worried about exams, even though she consistently passed with flying colours. Maybe it was because of all of the worry that she did so well, Sophie thought. 

"Aww, you know you'll do great. You always do. And when it comes to maths, you have super, super, super-brains!" Said Sophie.

Laura smiled. 

"Thanks, Soph. I'll be alright when it's over. I just can't wait for it to be over. There have been so many exams this term."

Sophie nodded. "I know, it's been exhausting. I'm also excited to feel the relief of the last exam of term being finito!"

They pulled up at the college and walked together to the classroom where the exam was to take place. The room was laid out formally: with one table and one chair per pupil and one to two-foot gaps between the tables. There were 28 of them taking the exam today, around half of whom were already in the room. 

Sophie chose a seat next to her and Laura's mutual friend, Jenna. Jenna was leaned back in her chair, looking significantly more relaxed than anyone else in the room. She grinned at Sophie and Sophie instantly felt more relaxed. 

Jenna was wearing a leather jacket above her long, denim blouse. She had skinny black leggings on and converse trainers. She had long, brown hair that was wavy and a little messy, but still always looked good. Sophie admired Jenna's image, and thought that she was easily the coolest of her friends. 

Despite all of her coolness, Jenna hadn't had it easy. Her family had been quite unkind to her during her adolescence, as she failed to follow in the footsteps of her much more academic, lawyer sister. They'd made her feel unwelcome and underappreciated, which encouraged her to move out when she was 17. Since then, she'd lived in various shared flats and had a bit more life experience than Sophie or Laura had. They loved Jenna; her warm heart and sense of humour always cheered them up. They also found her thrilling to be around. When you were with Jenna, you never knew what was going to happen. 

Sophie found this thought exciting as her mind jumped back to last night's fantasies. 

The final students walked in and the exam started. They had 45 minutes to answer all of the questions in the paper, proof read them and hand them in. 

Nobody thought that 45 minutes was long enough. 

Throughout the exam, Sophie tried to focus, to make the most out of the short time. However, she couldn't stop her mind from wandering. She thought about the film. She thought about how the women's hands had grabbed each other's arses and how they'd hungrily kissed each other's breasts. She thought about the pleasure she'd seen in the actresses' faces as the other actress licked and sucked their clitorises. She thought about how they'd grinded against each other and how determined they'd seemed to give each other pleasure. 

She thought about how she could pleasure-

Shit, 28 minutes left.

She answered all of the questions in the exam without any time to read through her answers. When the papers were collected in, she took a deep breath and exhaled for several seconds. 

What will be, will be. 

She followed Jenna outside of the classroom, then when they were finally out of the formal environment, the two friends hugged. 

"Hi! How are you? Oh my God I'm so glad that's over!" Sophie said.

"Oh my God, me too! What a hassle. There have been too many exams this term," said Jenna. 

Laura came and joined Sophie and Jenna, and the three were soon joined by another friend, Alice. 

Alice was blonde, like Laura, but her hair was longer than Laura's: more similar to the length of Sophie and Jenna's. She was the tallest of the group, and as keen on gymnastics as Sophie. 

"Hey," she said, walking over. "Glad that's all over with!"

She smiled sweetly at the three girls, and Jenna gave her a hug. 

"Hey! How are you? We haven't seen much of you for a few days!" She said. 

"Oh, I've been with Ben," Alice said, timidly. 

Ben was Alice's boyfriend, and he wasn't popular amongst Sophie, Laura and Jenna. They didn't like the way he spoke to her, as though he was trying to put her down, and they could swear they'd seen him flirting with other girls. 

None of the girls said anything in response to Alice's being with him. Sophie quickly changed the subject. 

"So, anyway, now that we can all relax, how about a girly night round mine, tonight?" 

The girls often had girly nights at Sophie's flat. The large sofa-bed in her living room was really enormous, and they could all sleep on there comfortably. They had spent many evenings there watching films, drinking wine, gossiping and having heart-to-hearts. 

"Sounds amazing," said Laura. 

"Count me in," said Jenna. 

The three girls looked at Alice, who hesitated, then relaxed. 

"Of course I'll be there," she said. "I can't wait."

"Yay!" Said Sophie. "How does 7.30 sound? We can get a takeaway, I'll get some wine in. I can't wait!" 

All four girls agreed to meet at 7.30 at Sophie's flat, then Jenna had to go to an English lesson and Alice to a tutorial. Laura and Sophie had a free period, but Laura wanted to go to the library. Sophie went to enjoy a coffee on her own, before her next lesson. 

–-

Throughout the rest of the day, Sophie felt a strange, buzzing newness. She didn't want to freak her friends out, and was conscious of not saying anything that might worry them, but she was curious about whether any of them had thought similar thoughts about women. 

She had quite an easy day, after the exam, and was home by 4pm. This gave her time to tidy her flat, go shopping for snacks and wine, have a long bath and get ready before her friends arrived. 

When she was in the bath, Sophie was surprised to feel aroused again. She didn't normally masturbate so frequently, but she couldn't resist touching herself while she was in the bath. She thought again about the scene from the film last night and closed her eyes. She rubbed herself as she imagined the French woman from the film going down on her. The wetness of the bath water made it easy for Sophie to imagine a tongue on her clitoris as she rubbed herself. She stuck her own tongue out as she imagined licking another woman's clitoris at the same time. She fantasized about a woman grinding against her face as she ground against theirs and they both brought each other to orgasm together. 

Sophie rubbed her clitoris frantically as she had these fantasies and brought herself to a strong climax. She gasped and her heart pounded as she came. She still felt aroused, though. She'd never felt so much sexual desire; desire that seemed to be insatiable. 

She shaved her legs and bikini line, then scrubbed her body with fruity soap. When she got out of the bath, she applied a generous amount of body butter and rubbed it into her body. She admired her own breasts and smooth bikini line as she patted herself dry with a large towel. She dressed in leggings and a white polo neck top, then walked into her bedroom. She put make up on, sprayed on her perfume, then lay on the bed.

At 7.30, the doorbell rang. 

–-

"Hey, Alice! Come in!"

Sophie greeted Alice and guided her into her living room. Alice had a bottle of sparkling Rose in her hand and a small box of chocolates.

"Where do you want these?" Alice asked, giggling. She was so much more relaxed outside of college than when she was there, Sophie thought. 

"Let's put them in the fridge," Sophie said, smiling excitedly. Alice followed her into the kitchen and they put the goodies in there. 

They turned around to walk to the living room and Alice walked in front of Sophie. She was wearing black leggings which hugged her long legs perfectly and showed the outline of her bum in full detail. 

Sophie felt a slight twitch in her clitoris as she looked at Alice's bum. 

"Thanks!" Said Alice, and Sophie could have sworn she looked at her slightly flirtily. 

Stop it. Get a grip. They're your friends – stop sexualising them! She told herself. She followed Alice into her living room and they both sat down as they waited for Laura and Jenna. 

"Do you want to take your boots off?" Sophie asked Alice. "They look a bit... heavy."

Alice nodded and untied her laces. She was wearing brown hiking boots which, although they looked comfortable, didn't look too relaxing to wear. 

"I've been walking," she explained. "I was a bit worked up with everything, what with the exam and... you know."

Sophie nodded. She knew. Ben. 

She pulled off her boots and placed them tidily to the side of the room. 

The doorbell rung again. 

Sophie ran to answer it and was pleased to see Jenna standing with a bottle in her hand. 

"Hey!" Said Sophie, whilst Jenna walked straight in. 

"Hey! Who's already here, then?" Said Jenna. She was grinning and obviously excited: she loved spending time with her friends. 

"Alice is here," said Sophie, walking through to the living room with Jenna, "Laura should be here in a se-"

Before she could finish her sentence, the doorbell rang again. 

Sophie let Laura in and they embraced with a big hug before walking through to the living room. Laura had also brought a bottle of wine with her. 

"Wow, we have a lot of wine," Sophie said. She had also bought two bottles. 

"Please, make yourselves at home, girlies!" She said. 

Laura unzipped her brown boots and Jenna pulled off her converse. They bounced onto the comfy sofa-bed and Jenna announced, "I'm starving! Are we ordering takeaway?"

Alice laughed and poked Jenna. 

"You're always starving! Don't you eat at home?" 

Jenna shrugged. "Not when I know we're ordering a takeaway!" She replied cheekily. 

Sophie pulled out a Dominio's Pizza Menu and threw it onto the sofa-bed. 

"We may as well order soon, I guess!" She said. "Pizza's nice cold, anyway, if we don't want it all right away."

The girls ordered two large, stuffed crust pizzas and Jenna was bounced up and down.

"I'm sorry!" She said, "I'm just excited!" 

All four girls laughed, then Sophie put the pizza menu away. She walked to the kitchen and poured them all a glass of the sparkling Rose that Alice had brought, then Laura followed her in there. 

"I'll help you carry those," she said sweetly. The two girls carried two glasses each through to the living room. 

When they were all sat, glass of wine in hand, Laura began to gossip. 

"Have you heard about Tony Smith?" She asked the group, her eyes wide and her mouth beginning to smile. 

"Oooh, I heard something," said Jenna, "Didn't he try and come on to Miss Redding?" 

"YES!" Shrieked Laura, and her and Jenna burst out laughing. Alice and Sophie looked at each other. 

"What?!" They asked, simultaneously. Sophie then repeated, "What?!"

"So," said Laura, looking from Sophie to Alice, then back to Sophie again, "Apparently, he went up to her after his English lesson and started saying, "Miss, I think I could do with some extra tuition."

As Laura said this, she impersonated this guy's voice in an obviously exaggerated way and raised her eyebrow comically. 

"No way," said Sophie, looking at Alice. 

"Yes way," said Laura, "Then, when she looked at him strangely and asked him why, you won't believe what he said!"

"What?" Said Sophie, "And how do you know?"

"People heard," said Laura, "OK so – he said..."

She couldn't speak for a moment for laughing, and Jenna was the same.

"I think I've heard this," said Jenna, a tear rolling down her face. 

Laura was in pieces laughing. "You tell them," she said to Jenna, "I can't."

By this point, Alice and Sophie were already laughing, even though they didn't know what the hilarity was. Seeing Laura and Jenna in stitches was contagious and all four were laughing. 

"Spill!" Said Alice, and Jenna took a deep breath. 

"He said," she said, still calming her breathing, "Because I can't get enough of you."

Sophie laughed, surprised. She'd expected it to be something more... ridiculous. But it was ridiculous, wasn't it? She laughed with Alice and Laura and Jenna were set off all over again. This lasted for 30 seconds or so, when they all calmed down and the doorbell rang again. 

They looked at each other, shocked, as though they were checking that, indeed, all four of them were present. 

"Wow – if that's the pizza I am going to have an orgasm!" Jenna said, jokily. Sophie laughed. 
