 I left you off last time as things were just getting interesting...look at Truth or Dare: Part 1, if you need refreshed. ;)

...I was loving the feel of another woman's nipple in my mouth. I lightly nibbled and sucked it into my mouth for a minute or two before I sat back up. "Truth or dare?" I asked her quietly.

As she got her breath back, she chose dare. "Ok," I said, "I am going to steal your dare, do one thing, anything, that you ever wanted to do to a girl." She leaned over and began kissing my neck and ear. Lightly licking and sucking as she went, and then breathing hot air onto the spots she had just licked. Again, it felt amazing. I let out a deep sigh as she stopped.

She asked me truth or dare and I answered with a dare giving her a friendly reminder that I had on more clothes than she did. 

"Oh you are right – take off your jeans." I quickly got out of my jeans, and asked her truth her dare. She must have started feeling a little wary about the dares also because she went for a truth.

"Ok, I have a two-parter...are you enjoying what is happening and do you think we would ever do this while we were sober?" I asked her.

"Yes and Yes." She kept her answer very short and simple – but that was fine with me as long as she was being honest. "Truth or dare?" she asked.

"Dare."

"Hmmmm, ok here's what I want you to do. Rub my uhh, well you know 'down there.'" She stuttered along with the dare embarrassed by what she was saying. 

"For how long?"

"For as long as you want."

I lay a hand on her stomach and let it trail down over her panties until I got to her pussy. I could feel damp cotton beneath my finger as I began to rub in the area of her clit. I was doing to her what I know I enjoyed. I only did for about a minute and then stopped. Looking up at Carrie, I could see she was breathing heavier. I decided to lean up and kiss her on the lips quickly even though that was not part of the dare.

We both were just laying there for a few moments – trying to calm down when she whispered, "Your turn."

"Oh yeah, truth or dare."

"Dare," she answered.

"This is a dare for both you of us because we are both staying clothed way too long. I dare us both to take off our panties so that we are finally naked." We both got out of our underwear and threw them to the side of the bed, already forgotten.

"Truth or Dare?" she asked me.

"Dare!"

"I dare you to have sex with me?"

Let me tell you what was going on in my head on that one: "Oh my god! What did she just say? I really can't have sex with a woman. Or can I? This is insane – what am I going to say? Sex? With a woman?" After arguing with myself for a few moments, I finally gave her the best answer I had, "Umm ok."

She immediately climbed on top of me straddling my stomach. We didn't discuss it, there were no words needed because we were both very hot from the game. 

She was leaning down kissing me on my lips. That was one of the most incredible kisses I had ever had. It lasted so long. We were sucking on each others tongues and nibbling on the others lips. My hands began to roam. First they went to her waist and up to her breasts – squeezing and rubbing them. I then trailed them down to her ass, squeezing her ass and pulling her down onto my body harder. Our bodies were molded together as one.

My mouth went to her neck. I started lick and gently suck behind her ear and on her earlobe. She was lightly moaning, so I knew she loved what I was doing. We had talked about what she liked men doing for so long I knew everything she liked. My fingers found my way to her dripping wet pussy, and then found her clit. I began rubbing her in small circles, and she began gyrating against my hand. 

Apparently she wanted more, because she grabbed my hand and rolled us over so that I was on top. I began kissing her again on the lips, our tongues playing with each other. I then made my way down her body with my mouth. Kissing her neck and then making my way to breasts. I couldn't believe how much I enjoyed the feel of another woman's tits in my mouth. I loved feeling her nipple turn rock hard in my mouth. The feel of her hands in my hair urging me to do more.

I continued my way down her body licking her stomach, and running my tongue into her belly button. Then I got to her pussy...Instead of thinking about it and what I was about to do. I just decided to go for it.

I kneeled down between her legs, grasping her thighs, and pulling her legs apart even wider. Tentatively, I leaned down and lightly licked her shaven pussy. Carrie jumped like a lightning bolt and touched her which made me want to do more. I started licking her clit, and up and down each side of her pussy. I was getting my first taste of a woman and it was great. I realized that I probably wasn't doing enough, so I pushed one finger into her pussy. I felt her clench around me, as I continued licking her clit. I then pushed two fingers into her. She was so incredibly hot and wet. As I pumped to fingers in and out of her, I sucked her clit into my mouth. She was moaning so loudly now...and then I felt it. I felt her orgasm around my fingers. That was one of best feelings ever, as she just kept orgasming. My fingers were dripping wet. Then Carrie whispered, "I dare you to lick your fingers." I slowly brought those two fingers up and sucked them into my mouth. I licked them dry. I leaned towards Carrie and we joined in a kiss. I know she could taste herself in my mouth.

"All right, good night." Carrie said as she started to turn over. Was she serious? She better not be.

"Get up girl, I better get something out of this. I am really hot right now; you can't just leave me hanging."

"Would I do that to you, I was kidding. Lay down now."

She went straight to it, there was no kissing her way down. She dove right into my pussy. The first feel of another woman's mouth on my pussy is unexplainable. No words for it at all. Exceptionally awesome. I felt her tongue quickly find my clit, and I arched off of the bed into her mouth. I knew at this rate it wouldn't take long before I came all over her mouth. She pushed one finger into my pussy, and with her other hand played with one of my breasts. All these feelings were rushing through my body, and all I could do is moan loudly. Pleading with Carrie to suck my clit, and give me more. I felt my clit in her mouth, and now two fingers deep inside my pussy, and I lost it. All the sensations came rushing toether, I came so hard, my pussy just gripped onto her fingers. I screamed as I came, it was so incredible. She crawled up and came to lie beside me. I was still having trouble breathing correctly.

"Truth or dare?" I whispered.

"Truth."

"Are we going to do this again." I asked.

"I hope so."

We both slept in the nude that night. At one point spooning with one another...When we woke up the next morning together it was as normal as could be. We said our good mornings and didn't mention what happened last night. I supposed if we both get drunk enough or horny enough it could happen again.

Hope you liked it – Leave me some comments, and please vote. Much love.