 Carrie and Beth had been friends for years. They met through work and even though they didn't work together anymore they had stayed pretty good friends with a lot in common. They both got married, for the wrong reasons, and both had been unfaithful because they were so miserable. This common misery had brought them closer. There wasn't any one else in their lives that they felt they could confide in about the situation they found themselves in.

The affair that Carrie was having had been with a man that Beth also knew. He was an attractive gentleman who had worked with the two girls at one time. Beth was taken back when Carrie told her who she had been seeing. It also made it easier for the two to chat about what was going on.

Strangely, Carrie had mentioned once to Beth that her "friend", Ben, had asked on more than one occasion if Carrie were ever to be with another woman, who would it be? She told him that it would have to be Beth, since she was most comfortable with her, and also thought that Beth would also be into it. Beth was hysterical. "You would be my choice also!" Neither girl had any intention of making such a move on the other, but it was amusing. 

Every time Carrie and Ben spoke, he would hint about the two girls being together. He came up with plans and outfits the two would wear. He seemed obsess with the idea. Carrie started to get annoyed at the persistent topic. Ben wanted to be there to watch, wanted to know if Carrie could set something up, wanted to know if he could help facilitate such a session. All of this Carrie shared with her friend. Beth found it amusing, and yet felt sort of badly that Ben talked so much about her with Carrie. It started to seem that Ben wanted to be with both girls. The friends had talked about being with each other, but admitted to each other that it wasn't the type of thing that they thought you could plan, that it was something that just sort of happened. 

Because of the conversation between Ben and Carrie, Beth had started to think more and more about being with a woman. Beth knew she wouldn't stop Carrie, or any other woman for that matter, from going down on her. In fact, maybe a woman would be better. Hey, they had the same parts, how much training would a woman need when it came to pleasuring another woman? But was she willing to go down on and munch on pussy? How could she expect some girl to chow her cunt, and not reciprocate? 

Carrie asked Beth what she was doing on Tuesday of the next week. "I am off from work, why?"

"Well," said Carrie, "Ben and I were trying to get together at our motel, and I was hoping I could say that you and I were going out to lunch and a movie" Beth agreed to be at the movies and asked where they were eating, what they ate, and also asked what time Carrie was meeting Ben. "Probably about 11:30, so don't answer your home phone." 

Tuesday morning came, and Beth was thinking about Carrie and Ben, romping around the the motel. Then, as if compelled by hunger, Beth decided that she would also go to the motel. She and Carrie had both agreed that if they were going to be with a woman, it would be with the other, and that it couldn't be something they planned. 

Beth jumped in the shower, shaved every major area including her pussy. If the opportunity to have a woman eat her snatch, she was going to make damn sure that it was enjoyable. By the time she finished, she was sure anyone would enjoy the meal she prepared. She painted her toes, smoothed lotion on every inch of her body and started to get dressed. She put on her sexiest bra and matching panties, pulled on some thigh high stockings, funky ones, like fishnet but the holes were really big. She dug threw her closet and found some 5 inch high heels that had never seen the sidewalk and that she never actually needed to walk in. Time was running out...she had to leave in order to see what room her friends were going to be in. She couldn't decided what to wear over this ensemble. "What the hell, she thought, "if I am going to go through with this, why not go all?" Without bothering to put any other clothing on, she pulled her long overcoat from the closet, grabbed her keys and headed for the door.

Beth pulled into the parking lot of the motel. She didn't see either car there yet. She knew that Carrie would be cautious, but she wouldn't be looking for Beth's car. She pulled to the end of the lot and waited. She was already so turned on by the clothes and the idea of what she intended to do that her pussy was moist with anticipation. 

She moved in her seat, and as she did, her toe poked out of one of the big holes in her stockings. Not very attractive and also not very comfortable, she leaned forward to straighten things out. As she was sitting back up, she heard laughter, and looked in her rearview mirror. Beth had missed them come in, and now they were entering the room directly behind her car. She couldn't have planned it any better if she had tried. Beth wanted to rush in there right now, but knew she should give them a few minutes to settle in.

A million things ran threw her head. What if Carrie wasn't receptive to her intrusion? What would she say when she got to the door? Maybe she should leave. Somehow she got the idea that she would just say nothing. She would just go to the door, and when it opened she would be silent. She would let her actions speak for her.

After about fifteen minutes, Beth opened her car door. She was thankful that the room they were in was right behind her, she didn't think she would have been able to walk far because, one, her legs were shaking, and second, these shoes were so high heeled.

She stood in front of the door for what seemed to be ten minutes. Finally, Beth raised her fist, and knocked. A voice inside asked who it was. She didn't answer. There was a noise inside, and Beth heard foot steps. She was sure that the two were panicking. It must have been Carrie who walked to the door and checked through the peep hole. The door swung open. 

"BETH...what are you..." But Beth didn't give Carrie time to finish. She pushed her inside the room and closed the door. Carrie's clothes had been thrown on, it was obvious. Beth grabbed Carrie by the shoulders and began to kiss her lightly on the neck, following the curve of her jaw and landing on her mouth. Carrie responded better than she could have expected. Carrie's hands found the belt that was holding Beth's coat closed and untied it. She slipped her hands inside and touched Beth's skin. It was electric. Carrie moved up passed her breasts and started to push Beth's coat off. 

"Jesus...." Ben said as he stuck his head out of the bathroom. The two girls pulled close to each other and giggled at his comment. It didn't stop Carrie from touching Beth's body. Beth was so pumped up from waiting for this moment that she wasn't even paying attention to Ben. She bent down in front of Carrie, and slip her hands underneath her shirt, and slid it up over her head. Carrie's breast hung out, jiggling slightly as Beth stood. Beth put her hands around them, and brought her mouth close. Carrie's nipples were standing out, calling out to Beth. Beth used the tip of her tongue to trace around the tight disks that held the nipples at attention. Carrie gasped at the heat from Beth's breath. First one, then the other breast. Beth began to suck on her friend's nipples. They felt amazing in her mouth. She grabbed them between her teeth and pulled on them slightly. "Oh, Beth..." was all Carrie could find to say.

"Yeah, Beth, oh, Beth.." Ben chimed in. He had sat himself on one the the two beds in the room. He had his hard cock in his hand, stoking if slowly. Both women shot him a look, as if to tell him to shut up. "Sorry, sorry...I'll be quiet..."

By this time, Beth's overcoat was falling off her body. She pushed Carrie back so that she could remove her coat completely. Carrie stepped back and bumped into the bed directly behind her. Beth realized that Carrie had never really buttoned up her jeans. She walked close to Carrie and tugged on her jeans, pulling them down, past Carrie's hips, letting them fall to her ankles. Beth eased her nearly naked friend on to the bed. Carrie sank back and Beth knelt down in front of her, helping her free her from her jeans. 

Carrie was working it now. She lifted up her leg as it came free of the denim. Beth caught her ankle and placed it down, far from the other. Now, before her was another woman's pussy. It was beautiful, cleanly shaven, glistening with excitement. All doubts that Beth had about being able to go down on a woman disappeared. 

Beth ran her fingers up Carrie's thigh, then leaned forward so her tongue could follow the trail of her hand. She could smell the scent of the woman before her. Her mouth started to water. As if she could feel the pleasure she was about to give, Beth began to moan. She tickled Carrie's other thigh with her hand and placed a hand on either side of snatch that was now inches from her face. Using her thumbs, she spread open her lips, exposing the velvety pink moistness underneath. Beth ran her tongue along the left, then the right, teasing Carrie just the way she thought she would want to be teased. 

The taste of her friend's pussy was amazing. Beth could feel the heat radiating from it. "You want more?" she thought. It was as if Carrie could hear her. "Don't fuckin' tease me....you are driving me crazy!" And with that Beth touched Carrie's clit with the tip of her tongue. That only lasted a moment and then she placed her mouth over the clit and began to suck it and tongue it.

The ice had melted and Beth was going to town. She slide her fingers deep inside that wet cunt, reaching deep inside, digging for the spot she knew drove her crazy. Carrie screamed with pleasure and pulled her legs up, reached down and held her own pussy open so Beth could use both hands to probe her insides.

By this time, Ben was standing over the two girls and still stroking his rock hard rail spike. Carrie opened her eyes and looked at Ben's hard cock, dripping with excitement. "Give that to me..." she said as she reached for his cock. He climbed onto the bed, placed a knee on either side of Carrie's head and slide his dick in her mouth. 

As Beth munched Carrie's pussy like a hungry wolf, Ben pumped Carrie's mouth, sliding his cock further into her throat. Carrie was still trying to spread her cunt open for her friend to lick, but her pussy was gushing with lube. Her hands were covered in her own juice, slipping from her grip. 

Carrie let go of her pussy and grabbed Ben's ass and pulled it closer to her, forcing his cock deeper. Ben leaned forward, and moved Beth's hair out of the way, so he could watch the show. He wasn't sure what was better, the blow job he was getting or the tongue lashing his girlfriend was getting. What he did know was that he was about to coat Carrie's throat with his cum. 

Ben climbed down, removing his swollen rod from Carrie's mouth and walked behind Beth. He grabbed her, pulled her away from Carrie's pussy and stood her up. He began to bend her over so he could slip his cock into Beth, but Beth moved away. Beth wasn't about to let her friend's man fuck her. 

Carrie saw this and decided to help. She stood up and pushed Beth down onto the bed. Beth was so turned on from licking pussy that she was afraid that the moment Carrie touched her that she could cum. Carrie laid on Beth and started to grind her pussy onto her. The two girls juices mixed. Beth was surprised at how good it felt to have a woman on her. Carrie kissed Beth's neck, massaged her tits, and pulled the bra away so that she could wrap her lips around Beth's hard nipples.

Ben took advantage of the position of the two women and slid his fingers into one pussy, then the other. It was hot and soaking wet. He used one finger, then two, then three, watching as Carrie arched her back to help give Ben better penetration. He removed one finger, and used it to massage her tight ass hole. Relatively easily, he buried a finger in her ass. 

Carrie moved down Beth's body, and Ben lost contact with Beth's pussy. In moments, Carrie's fingers replaced Ben's and she began to do what had just been done to her, almost exactly what Beth had hoped for.

Then, in some weird simon says type sex game, everything Ben was doing to Carrie, she was doing to Beth. Beth raised her legs up and reached down around her ass and pulled her thighs and ass apart so Carrie could really get in there. Carrie was sucking Beth's clit, using one hand to pull back the hood and spread her lips, and the other to finger both her pussy and her ass.

Ben knew this fantasy wouldn't last much longer. Although her had no idea how close to cumming Beth might be, his past experience with Carrie signaled him that she was hanging on the edge of ecstasy. He nudged at Carrie, hinting her to move closer to the bed. The three repositioned themselves. Beth moved further on the bed, Carrie kneeled on the edge and Ben stood at the end of Carrie and watched as his cock disappeared inside Carrie's wet hole. His dick was so hard, Carrie stopped what she was doing and screamed with joy. "Oh god, Ben...just fuck my pussy while I lick this one..." And then she buried her face in Beth's snatch.

Ben grabbed Beth's ankles, Beth grabbed Carrie's hair, Carrie grabbed Beth's thighs and like a machine the three used each other to balance the thrusting of the other. 

Beth was the first to go. She pulled at Carrie's hair, lifted her head up off the bed to watch the final seconds before she released her orgasm. As she came, she locked eyes with Ben, and then watched as his eyes started to roll up into his head. He pulled out his cock and began to shoot his hot jiz on Carrie's back. He came with such force that it shot over his girlfriend's shoulder and landed on Beth's stomach. 

Beth let Carrie loose from the death grip she had her hair in and Ben stood Carrie up and laid her on the bed next to Beth. Beth leaned over on her side and took Carrie's breast in her mouth as Ben bent down between her thighs and ate her pussy. In no time, it was Carrie's turn to grab fists full of hair, one fist full of Ben's dark hair, one of Beth's long hair.

The threesome was exhausted. They all napped right where they lay. Beth pulled away from the other two and quietly cleaned up in the bathroom. She picked up her coat, which was still laying on the floor and put it on. As she tied the belt around her, she looked over and saw that Carrie had opened her eyes. Keeping with her idea of not saying anything, Beth merely looked at Carrie and mouthed "Thank you" and closed the door behind her.

As Beth drove home, a thousand thoughts sped through her mind, but only one stuck. Maybe next time, they would leave Ben out of it.