 It was my first time on a Sleeper Train and if you have never experienced one, the compartments are quite small and the bed is the smallest I have ever known! We were allowed to board at 9 p.m., in case we wanted to get a meal in the Restaurant Car before, and in my case during our departure. 

Anyway, I had dumped my stuff in my compartment and after eating had taken a walk down the corridor to check out if there was anywhere else of interest to locate: NO, just a another boring train! Ha ha. Really, now I come to think of it, apart from the Restaurant Car, the rest of my exploration was just to fill the time before we departed at 10 p.m. 

Usually the day time trip takes about five hours, but the sleepers go a little slower so as not to give you a rough night. Sleepers go a little slower in order to give you a better night, and we were allowed an hour on arrival to reorganise ourselves before getting off. (Getting off makes me think of you even though, as the following will show, I had during the journey!) I'm rambling ain't I... LOL.

Having eaten our journey had begun and I was in my compartment looking where to put stuff. We had pulled into some other station, not sure which, to pick up extra carriages and I had pulled the curtains because of being stripped off down to only my panties. It was now that my unexpected seduction, quite literally jerked into being. 

At the foot of my bed was a door which I wrongly assumed to be a wardrobe and as I opened the door to check it out the train suddenly jerked quite sharply forward. Well the door was not a wardrobe but the adjoining cabin and I was unceremoniously thrown into my neighbour's compartment landing in a heap at the foot of the bed, which I was glad to see was occupied by a female. 

Never-the-less, on landing I had hit my head against the opposite wall and for a moment was quite discombobulated. The poor woman on whom I had made this unceremonious entrance was understandably quite shocked but when she realised that I was hurt, she was quick to come to my assistance and helped me back to my compartment and into my bed. 

It transpired that she was also a Nurse; she gave me a drink of water and sat on the side of my bed to ensure that I was OK, which gladly I was, although my left shoulder was just a little uncomfortable and Denise, which I later came to find was her name, asked if I would like her to massage it, an offer which looking at her, wearing only a sheer chiffon nightdress, I found myself unable to refuse.

If Denise had not already told me she was a Nurse, I would have known within the first minute of her touching me. Having me lay on my right side, incidentally facing away from her, she gently began to massage my shoulder with some body lotion which I had on the shelf adjacent to the bed. Her hands were so soft and after a short while she began to increase the area she was treating, slowly graduating to the side adjacent to my breast. I took a deep breath and sighed as I let it out in the hope she would move even closer. She said nothing but her hand did, now brushing the very edges of my breast, her other hand stroking the back of my neck and i could hear her breathing a little faster and deeper.. It was absolute bliss.

Denise rolled me onto my back and much to my surprise pulled the sheet up over me saying "I think perhaps it is time for me to go!." Bending down she kissed my forehead and I could not help but notice that she was quite red in the face and her nipples were most certainly engorged and red because I could see them through her nightdress. 

Taking hold of her hands I thanked her, telling her she had really made me feel quite wonderful! My experience told me, and her nipples endorsed it, Denise was obviously lesbian. I knew I could just pull her to me and kiss her but I love being seduced and wanted her to come on to me. However, given the situation I knew I was going to have to make a gesture: I asked "Denise would you mind if I gave you a thank you kiss?" I didn't wait for an answer but as I was holding her hands I just pulled her to me and lightly kissed her lips; nothing really sexual, just the kind of kiss one woman would give another.

Denise squeezed my hands and with a beautiful smile, she asked: "May I ask you a personal question?"

"Of course, anything."

"Have you ever been sexual with a woman?"

"Actually no, but I have to tell you. When you were massaging up my side and your hand was gliding over the edges of my breast, I really felt myself wanting you to touch me closer, to squeeze my breast and I was, I am, very wet from this experience. That's the truth and I have never known it before. I do hope my confession does not offend you, because you have been so wonderfully kind to me."

"Are you married Aimie?'

"No, and have never felt that I wanted to be. There is something about that institution that is just so limiting and to be absolutely honest I have often thought that I would perhaps prefer to try a relationship with another woman, I just never knew how to go about it. OMG, listen to me telling my deepest fantasies to a total stranger!"

Denise laughed before she continued:

"Well my dear Aimie, I am a lesbian, and if you want to experience sex with a woman I would be happy to continue where I left off. In fact I was only trying to leave because I found myself wanting to touch your breast and yes, to kiss both you and your nipples."

Drawing her to me, this time I truly kissed her with obvious passion before whispering in her ear: 

"Show me Denise, teach me!"

Removing her nightdress I finally got to see her beautiful body. Oh those beds may be very small but she moved in alongside of me and we kissed and kissed for the longest time before she slowly moved her hand, first to one breast, then to the other, before her fingers began to deftly toy with my wanton nipples. Her kisses were everywhere, tonguing my lips and then my offered tongue, an act which increased her passion no end, before kissing her way to my tits and to my hardened nipples where after a few minutes she tentatively, and very softly bit one. I gasped and pushed her head into my breast: 

"Oh Yes, harder, I adore that."

Returning to kiss me; Denise now moved back to my tits; kissing, sucking and biting this time with the fervour of a wanton, loving woman. My hands were caressing and squeezing hers as she lavished her attentions on mine. Moving back once to devour my tongue, she moved aside and pushed me to her breasts. I needed no guidance, I hungrily enjoyed her tits and was suckling her nipples when I heard her say:

"Bite me too Aimie, bite my nipples and then suck the side of my tit and mark me: Give my tit a love-bite so in the morning I shall know this was no dream."

I did as she bade me an as I moved back to steal again her passionate kisses, I told her:

"Now me, mark me baby, I want the same memory of you!"

As Denise sucked the periphery of my tit leaving her mark of ownership upon me, her hand was moving down, sliding softly over my abdomen. Grasping the top of my panties Denise was kissing her way down, kicking off the bedding and removing my panties before opening my legs and moving between them. 

Her hands slipped beneath my buttocks as she kissed my inner thighs and the angles of my groins. I was a little surprised because all Denise did was kiss me, yes she was kissing everything, but it was only kisses. Kisses even though my slit was releasing pussy juices all over her face; juices released in the welcoming promise of where she was just about to go. 

In an attempt to show my willingness I opened my legs wider and slowly bent my knees up and out, opening my slit as much as I could. I began to feel my cunt hole ooze juice and it was now; without preamble or clue as to what she was going to do, when she drove her face into my slit and her tongue slithered as deep as she could get it into my cunt. I was so surprised at the force of her face against me that my entire pelvis lifted from the bed and I grabbed the sheets at my sides as I mewled my pleasure at what had just happened to me!

I looked down her, my eyes wide in astonishment and I could see a smile across her eyes.

"Holy Fuck Baby, do that again, that sensation was fucking amazing."

Denise, her mouth totally enveloped in and on my cunt and slit murmured her enjoyment of my reaction. I was so wet my juices were trickling down over my anus; I had never been so wet. Drawing her face away from me, she gave me the impression that she was going to repeat the amazing sensations she had just laid on me. I assumed she just needed a moment to recover but holding my gaze she withdrew her hands from beneath me and with one hand she used her fingers to spread my Labia Majora wide whilst the fingers of her other hand manipulated themselves to my introitus and my anus. 

Very softly she was tickling both, all the time continuing to hold my gaze. I knew something was going to happen, I just didn't know what? In one mind blowing thrust I found out!

Her Index and Middle Fingers dived into my cunt as simultaneously her Ring and Little Fingers followed suit into my arse. I gasped at the sudden encroachment, but now her fingers remained still. Her mouth moved to my clit and her tongue commenced to lick rings around it. 

Once again I lifted my butt from the bed and Denise commenced to suck on my clit. Sucking back and forth, it felt so wonderful I began to breath deeply and now she started to fuck me, cunt and arse, her fingers gathering motion in company with the power of her sucking on my clit... It was happening now. Every sensation across my entire body was drawing together in my spine and then moving down, filling my pelvis. I screamed in the intensity of all that was occurring. Denise knew, and she doubled her activities in ever increasing increments until I suddenly exploded with my orgasm. 

Cum poured from within me and all I could hear was Denise slurping it all down, never stopping even after I had cum and had verbalised every fucking sensation that my body has just survived. I was totally spent and torn between the twin emotions of (a) wanting to sleep and (b) wanting to give Denise every experience she had bestowed upon me. I was not going to be denied!

We lay in that tiny bed for some time as I recovered from all Denise had done to me. I have to admit there were moments when i just wanted to take over, hold this gorgeous woman down and just fuck her into oblivion and I have to admit to being rather proud of myself for holding off and letting her feel she was seducing a virgin of womanly sex. Just as I got my breath back Denise said:

"Well I should go and let you sleep."

"No fucking way honey" was my reply.

"You give me the orgasm of my life."

Which it was, "and now you expect me to let you walk away!"

Pushing her back to the bed I kissed her so fucking deeply, my tongue could almost feel the back of her throat. Denise responded in kind and we settled into the necking session of all time. My hands were all over her tits before I took further control with my mouth, sucking and biting her nipples as though there was no tomorrow. My hand moved to her Mons and without hesitation I pushed my knee between her thighs and she spontaneously opened her legs.

My fingers were running up and down her slit, rubbing her Labia and oh fuck, was this pussy ever wet! Pushing two fingers into her cunt I turned my hand palm up and my fingers found the small rubbery area of her g-spot. Rubbing as I was, her body began to writh at my side, her juices making her wetter and wetter and as I was simultaneously sucking on her nipples, it was not long before she had her first orgasm.

Denise asked: "You sure this is your first time?"

I replied in the affirmative telling her she should not have been such an amazing teacher! Yes I lied, but I did not want to take away her feelings of success in seducing me, and to add to that, we would probably never meet again anyway. So I told her:

"All my previous sex, albeit with men had always been so unsatisfying, that she had shown me just how wonderful it could be. I may not have been with a woman before but I knew what I liked, and if I liked it, the chances were that she would also!"

Denise pulled me to her and as I continued to finger her cunt we kissed and kissed. After some time I told her to roll over and as my hand stroked and rubbed her back I was kissing the back of her neck. Gradually my hand moved down to squeeze and rub the cheeks of her arse. Denise obviously liked what I was doing because she was fucking her pelvis back and forth under my touch. My fingers were now running up and down her cleft and as my middle finger pushed against the puckered rosebud of her arse she pushed back against me and that was all the permission I needed. I pushed a finger into her ring and began to fuck her just as she had me. 

Denise was murmuring and fucking back against my finger which was when I pushed a second in. Rising to her knees I really began to fuck into her, my fingers pushing not only in but also toward the front, toward the underside of her vagina. I could feel her ring tightening around my fingers and it was not long before she had a further orgasm. 

As her orgasm took over her cum was flowing from her and I wanted it. Pushing her down I rolled her to her back and slipped between her thighs. My mouth was all over her, sucking in her Labia and drinking her cum. It was heaven sent but I was not through! 

Pushing my fingers back into her cunt my mouth circled her clit and I licked it every-way my imagination took me. Within minutes I began to feel the now familiar tensions of her body pre-orgasm. Intoxicated I sucked, I licked and sucked her in so hard that when she succumbed to her final orgasm it was like something akin to a volcanic eruption. Her cum poured forth and I swallowed in every morsel. Denise filled my mouth over and over and I was in sheer heaven.

Cuddling up on that small bed we kissed and kissed, each licking the face of the other not wanting to waste even a minim of the others cum. We had experienced the greatest of sex and after kissing each other down into quietness we finally parted and Denise returned to her compartment. I slept like a new born babe and it seemed as though only a minute had passed before there was a banging on my door by the hostess to waken me up from a sleep of which I was still glowing from the previous evening.

Denise and I had breakfast together and kissed each other goodbye, or so we thought. 

Guess who was in a nearby compartment when I returned home five days later!