 "Did you say dare Ms.Ivy," Laura said with a naughty grin upon her face.

"Why yes I did, I definitely said dare."

"No problem there, let's see, where should I start first," Laura said as her phone began to vibrate.

"I'm sorry I wouldn't normally answer but it could be someone with work, I'll just be a minute."

Laura left the room, her beautiful ass staring at me as she sauntered down the stairs. I couldn't believe what had just occurred, me Ivy "safe girl" Tatum had just had her first experience with another woman. But it seemed that it came so easy and comfortable to me. Maybe it was the loving nature of Laura, but all I could think was that I wanted more. More of her and more of just women in general. I was thinking just this when Laura came back into the room.

"Um, Ivy I'm going to throw an idea your way and I want you to understand that if you say no I will completely respect your decision."

"Ok, well don't just stand there, you've got me all nervous now."

"Oh sorry, it's just that I know tonight was you first time with a woman and I don't want to scare you off."

"Nothing could scare me off of wanting more of what just happened," I replied as I pulled Laura close and kissed her wildly.

"Mmmmm, well good then. The phone call I just received was from my good girl friend Charlie. She asked me where I was and I really wasn't going to tell her but unfortunately she knows me too well, she could tell something was up."

"Alright," I said, "I'm ok so far."

"Good, well I haven't come to the interesting part. I told her, just a brief description and I happen to mention that I was actually nervous because this was your first time with and woman and all."

"Ok, Laura please get to some kind of point because I feel like you're stalling here," I said.

"I am, alright Charlie asked if she could come over too, she's been with woman before, I've been with her and trust me, she's amazing. So, what do you think?"

I have to admit at this point I had a lump in my throat and I had no idea what to say. I started to think about so many things, my mind was racing and then I finally realized that what allowed me into this situation in the first place was to not think so much, to not overanalyze. I had so much fun with Laura and now it was my turn and honestly I could think of nothing more sensual and hot then two woman taking care of me at the same time! I understood that I needed and I wanted to take advantage of this night.

"Ok then, the more the merrier I say, but only if I get my turn first," I said with a smile plastered across my face.

"Really, that's great, I'll call Charlie now and tell her to get her ass over here. Oh, and by the way, you will definitely be coming first."

Laura walked downstairs to call Charlie and I sat on my bed, a million emotions running through my head. I was scared and nervous but so excited and ready at the same time. I'm going to have a great story to tell Blake tomorrow for sure.

"Alright well when Charlie gets here we of course can talk a bit and relax, I mean I don't expect you to just go at it with her right away, but until then let's get you a little warmed up," Laura said.

She then had me lick her fingers and started to play with my already swollen clit, all the while kissing and sucking gently at my nipples.

"Oh, you're so wet Ivy," Laura then brought her fingers to her mouth, "Mmmm, and you taste so good too, I can't wait to put my mouth down there." 

"I don't want you coming just yet though, so let's wait for Charlie to get here for that," Laura said.

"Sure, I think I can wait a little longer, besides I loved to be teased," I replied.

We both put on two of my satin robes and went downstairs to wait for Charlie. Just as soon as we sat on the couch did we hear the doorbell ring. We looked at each other in anticipation.

"I think you should go open the door so Charlie can see how beautiful you are first," Laura said.

So with that I made my way to the door and opened it to see Charlie standing there in all her glory. This woman was so sexy I could hardly believe it. She was so beautiful but yet still approachable looking which made her all the more hot. Charlie was I would say about 5'7 with golden skin and long glowing caramel colored hair. She had big ocean blue eyes and a gorgeous pair of breasts that were fortunately real too.

"Hey, I'm Charlie, thanks so much for letting me come over. Wow Laura, you definitely didn't explain just how hot this girl really is too," Riley said with a cute giggle.

Charlie came in and sat on the couch with us and we all began to just chat for a bit and get comfortable with each other. I learned that Charlie was a photographer in Seattle and that she had her own business here too. After a while I started to pay less attention to the conversation and more attention to Charlie's perky breasts. I guess Laura noticed this as well.

"Well obviously someone is ready to get things started, wow Ivy you can see your nipples through that robe easily now," Laura said laughing.

She was right too, my nipples were so hard by now and I was wet at just the thought of being with these two beautiful and powerful women at the same time.

"Hmmm, I think I want to get a taste of Ivy's beautiful lips," Charlie said as she leaned over Laura and gave me a soft arousing kiss.

"Mmmm, she's a good kisser too Laura."

"So are you," I replied as I leaned over to give Charlie another long kiss.

"Hey, I feel so left out of this," Laura said.

We all then leaned together for my first three way kiss. All of our tongues were dancing together and our hands were roaming all over each others bodies.

"I think we need to take these robes off of you two," Charlie suggested as she began to slide the satin robe off of my ultra sensitive shoulders.

"Not so fast though, I think you need to get undressed too lady," Laura said to Charlie.

Charlie then began to take off her close fitting cream sweater and her amazing breasts popped right out. The first thing that came to my mind was that I wanted those pink nipples in my mouth. She then took down her black pencil skirt and high heels. Her pussy was shaved clean and she had a great ass too, all that I could have hoped for.

"I think we need to take this upstairs to the bedroom," Laura said as we all began to walk our naked bodies up the spiral stairs and into my bedroom.

Laura pushed me onto the bed and turned to Charlie, "Just to let you know, it's her turn first," she said.

"That's fine by me, I was watching that beautiful ass walk all the way up the stairs anyways," Charlie replied.

I lay down on the bed as Laura began to kiss me and Charlie started working on my hard nipples, sucking and nibbling gently at them. Laura made her way down to the other breast and I looked down to see each girl with one of my tits in her mouth. That got me excited more than anything I could have imagined. They both teased me by brushing their fingers up against my clit while kissing all over my body.

"Oh, that feels so good," I moaned with ultimate pleasure.

"Well if you think that feels good then I hope you'll like this," Charlie said as she made her way down to my soaked pussy.

Charlie first began to flick her tongue at my clit while letting her finger slide slowly in and out of my pussy. Laura continued to work on my breasts and kissed me passionately just at the right moments. Charlie really did know how to lick a pussy and I was loving every minute of it. She started to flick harder and allowed two fingers to slide right into my hole. She began to suck at my clit and finger me with expert knowledge.

"Oh Ivy, yeah you taste so good, spread your legs apart a little more for me baby," Charlie said.

"Oh yeah, just don't stop licking my pussy."

I was kissing Laura and became so excited; I just had to have her pussy in my mouth again.

"Laura, sit on my face now so I can lick your sweet pussy again," I said confidently.

"Mmm, you don't have to convince me of that," Laura said and she strattled her long legs over my face and allowed her pussy to hover right above my mouth.

I began to flick at Laura's clit making her moan loudly while Charlie went to work on me. She had my swollen mound in her mouth sucking and flicking her tongue at the same time. It was a sensation I had never experienced with a man before, and one that was bringing me on the verge of explosion too.

"Oh yeah Charlie, oh I'm going to come if you keep doing that," I said.

"No, not yet," Laura replied quickly, "I want to try something out on you that will surely make you come, I think Charlie knows what I'm talking about too."

"Oh yeah, I sure do Laura," Charlie replied.

I sat up confused but definitely excited as to what this new thing was going to be.

"Alright, first I'm going to lay on the bed, and then I was you to strattle my face just like I did you, but with you facing away from me and your ass towards Charlie," Laura said.

"Ok," I replied as I stretched me legs around Laura's face.

"Ok, now just relax and enjoy," Laura said with a sly grin on her face directed towards Charlie.

Laura began to lick and flick at my clit and wet pussy skillfully. From this position she could suck at not just my clit but my lips as well which felt amazing. She then began to finger me with one of her free hands while still sucking at my pussy. I then all of the sudden felt Charlie creeping up towards my rear. I was nervous but was prepared for anything at that moment. Charlie then began to lick my ass, and I mean everywhere on my ass! I had heard of this before but no one had ever tried it on me, and I had never performed that on another person as well, but it felt amazing. So I had Charlie tonguing my ass while Laura was sucking at my pussy and fingering me too.

I then turned around and saw that with one of her free hands Charlie was massaging Laura's swollen clit as well which got me so hot I couldn't believe it. Laura was moaning loudly and the vibrations from her voice made her going down on me even more pleasurable.

"Oh, oh, yeah keep going. Both of you keep going, oh I'm going to come," I yelled.

"Yeah, come for us, come for us hard," Charlie said as her tongue danced along my ass.

I felt what could be the craziest orgasm of my life coming on and I was so ready for it.

"Oh, oh yeah, oh Laura finger me harder baby, harder!"

She plunged two fingers into me while sucking at my clit harder and Charlie kept up her work downstairs too.

"Oh, Oh yeah I'm coming!" I moaned loudly.

Laura licked up every last drop of my fresh come and I heaved myself off of her, relaxed and elated.

"Wow, you two really know what you're doing, that was amazing," I said to them both.

"Well we've had practice, we know what women like and we would love to teach you all of our dirty litle tricks too, if you're willing that is," Laura said.

"Of course I am, I'm more than willing," I replied. "But first, I think it's someone else's turn now," I said looking at Charlie.

"Ha Ha, should we ask her truth or dare too?" Laura said.

"No," I replied, "Let's just start teaching me now."