 Jayde laughed. "Carmen, truth or dare." Carmen chose dare. "I dare you to sit on Lindsey's face until she taps out." Carmen sat on Lindsey's face for about four minutes before Lindsey tapped out. "Sexy." Jayde moaned out. 

Carmen smiled. "Audrey, truth or dare?" I chose truth. "What is your fantasy?" 

I laughed. "I have quite a few of them." 

"Tell us them all," Lindsey smirked from between Carmen's legs because Carmen hasn't moved yet. "Don't hold out on us." 

"Well, I always wanted to fuck and play with a woman's ass. I've always wanted a woman to fuck and play with my ass. I've always wanted a group of woman to play with me at the same time." I giggled. "Jayde, truth or dare." She smirked and said dare. "I dare you to play with my pussy until the game ends." 

"Get on my face you dirty little slut." I straddled Jayde's face. "Lindsey, truth or dare." Lindsey chose dare. "I dare you to do the same thing to Carmen that I'm doing to Audrey." Jayde buried her head into my pussy. "Such a delicious pussy." Her tongue moved to my ass. "Such a delicious puckered hole." She fingered my pussy and lick my ass. 

"If you keep doing that, I'm not going to last very long," She added another finger to my pussy and her pinky to my ass. I started to fuck her fingers the same time as she fucked my pussy. 

"I can't wait to have you fuck my ass." She squealed. "I can feel your pussy tightening on my fingers. Cum all over them you dirty slut." I squirted all over her face. "You just squirted, you dirty little slut." She laughed and gave clit a kiss which made me cum a little bit because of how sensitive I am. I moved down to Jayde's pussy and put my lips on her pussy. I slowly licked her pussy while we watched Carmen and Lindsey. "I guess this game is over." We all laughed. 

I just slowly licked Jayde's pussy while we watched Carmen and Lindsey, who currently was fingering Carmen with four fingers. Carmen started screaming when she squirted all over Lindsey's face. "You dirty cum slut." Carmen licked her cum off of Lindsey's face. 

I added four fingers into Jayde's pussy, and I started fucking her quickly. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." She squirted all over my hand. "Fuck." She cried out. 

I crawled over to Lindsey and Carmen. "Let me taste that pretty pussy." I leaned down between Carmen's legs. "Smell so good." I gave her pussy a long lick. "Taste fantastic." I gently ran my finger all up and down her slit. She gave me a moan. "Beautiful girl." I just buried my face into her pussy. I took her puffed out lips into my mouth and sucked them. 

"Fuck yes." She cried out. "Fuck." I released her pussy lips and used my fingers to spread her pretty pink puffy lips wide open. "Fuck me." She cried out. 

I turned back to Lindsey and Jayde who were masturbating at the sight of us. "Look at this pretty little pussy girls. What do you think this pretty little pussy needs?"

Jayde took her fingers out of her pussy and grabbed something out of her bag. "I think she needs this." Jayde put on a 9-inch strap-on. She came over to us. I immediately took the cock into my mouth. "Suck that cock you dirty little slut." I gave it a couple of licks. "Let's see this dirty slut takes all of it." Jayde entered Carmen slowly giving her the chance to feel it slowly entering her. Carmen let out a big moan. "Take this cock you dirty slut," Jayde said. 

Lindsey joined us sporting a ten-inch strap-on and laid down next to Carmen. I crawled over to her and opened her legs. I grabbed each foot and brought it up to my mouth. I licked her from her ankles to the fake cock. I took the member of the dildo into the mouth and sucked it. "Suck the cock you dirty slut." I bobbed my head up and down for a couple of times. Lindsey's hips started to move up and down fucking my mouth. "Take it," She said growled out. She fucked my mouth for a couple more minutes before I took my mouth off it. I moved to straddle the dildo. "Such a good little slut." She moaned out. 

I moaned loudly when the dildo hit my pussy. "Fuck," I said. I went all the way down on the dildo. "Fuck." I started to move up and down on it. "Fuck. Fuck." It feels so fucking amazing. I wanted to cry out to the high heavens. 

"Fuck that fucking cock." I looked over at Carmen and Jayde. Jayde was wildly fucking Carmen's puffy pussy. "Such a good little slut." 

I stopped moving on top of Lindsey and started to ride it while watching Jayde and Carmen. "Fuck. Right there." Carmen screamed out. "Don't stop." Jayde tried to fuck her faster because she was already going as fast as she could have gone. 

"That's a good little slut." Jayde laughed out. 

"I can feel your pussy tighten on it." I started to fuck the cock going up and down on it. Carmen turned her head to look at the cock going in and out of my pussy. "Do you see Audrey take that cock like the good little slut that she is?" Jayde smacked Carmen's tits as she fucked Carmen. 

I turned my attention back to Lindsey. I leaned down and started to kiss Lindsey. I licked her lips all the down to her nipples. I took her right nipple into my mouth and started to suck it hard like I was waiting for milk to come out. I pinched her left nipple with my fingers and gently twisted it. "Fuck." She moaned. She moved one of her hands to the back of my head to try to get more of her tit in my mouth. "Suck my tits." I sucked her tit harder than I was. I changed nipples to give them both the same amount of attention. "Good girl." I stopped fucking the dildo, so she could fuck me. She fucked me hard while I kept switching nipples with my mouth and fingers. 

My mouth didn't leave her nipples until the cock found my g-spot. "Fuck, don't stop. Right there. Fuck my dirty little pussy." I cried out. I could feel it build up in my stomach. "I'm so close." Lindsey fucked me harder. I got off the dildo and scooted up to Lindsey's face. "Take all of it, you dirty little slut." Lindsey licked my pussy. "I'm going to cum all over your pretty little face." I grabbed her hair and shoved her head into my pussy. "Take all of it." 

"Lindsey, you dirty little slut. You need to take all of it if you want to get your pussy fucked." Jayde commanded to Lindsey. I came all over Lindsey's face. "Good girl." 

I kept Lindsey's face buried into my pussy until I finished. "Good girl." I got off of her face right as Jayde got out of Carmen. "Lick my cum off her face." Carmen leaned over and cleaned Lindsey's face. I moved down to Jayde and sucked Carmen's cum off of Jayde's dildo. I took the strap-on off of her and tossed it aside. "Get on all fours," I demanded her. Jayde immediately got on all fours. I smacked her cheeks until they became a pretty pink. 

"Spank my ass. I've been a bad girl." I smacked her ass a couple more times before buried my mouth between her plump cheeks. I licked her asshole while I fucked her cunt with my fingers. "Yes. Yes. Yes." She cried out. I took out my fingers and took away my mouth. I grabbed the strap-on that Jayde was supporting earlier. I put it on and jammed it into her pussy. "Fuck me. Fuck me harder." I added two fingers into her ass and fucked her pussy. "Shit. I'm going to cum if you don't stop that." Lindsey put her pussy right in front of Jayde's face and smothered Jayde's face with it. 

"Such a beautiful sight," I called out. I heard moaning and looked over to Carmen. I saw that was using the dildo that Lindsey had on and was fucking herself with it. "Are you fucking yourself, you little whore?" 

"Yeah." She moaned out. 

Jayde looked over to Carmen, and that was her undoing. She came all over the dildo. Carmen soon joined after. "You two are such good little sluts." I took off the strap-on that I had on. Carmen put on the strap-on that she was just fucking herself with while Jayde put the strap-on that I just had on. I smirked and crawled over to Carmen and sucked her cum off the dildo. "Delicious juices." I straddled the dildo and slammed it in my purse. I screamed out and moaned. 

I felt someone push my torso down. "I'm going to fuck that ass now," Jayde growled behind me. She plowed the dildo into my ass. "So tight." 

"Fuck." I cried out. "I feel so full with you two fucking my pussy and my ass. I don't know if I could last this long with my pussy and ass filled." I moaned out. "Get over here, baby." I motioned for Lindsey to come to us. "Bend over Carmen's face." 

Lindsey smiled and bent over her face. I buried my face into her pussy. She cried out at me. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." I gave her pussy a couple long licks. "Pick up the pace." She cried. "Pick up the pace." I sucked her clit while I entered three fingers into her puffed out pink pussy. "I'm going to cum," She screamed out. She came on my finger. "Fuck. Fuck." She squirted all over Carmen's face. "I'm done. I can't cum anymore." Lindsey laid down on the ground next to us. 

That was enough for me. I came all on the dildos. "All right. I can't do anymore." Jayde and Carmen left my ass and pussy. I laid down next to Lindsey and laid my head on her tit. 

"I'm spent too." Jayde took the strap-on off and threw it aside. She laid down next to Lindsey laid her head on her other tit.

"If I cum again, I won't have any more for another year." Carmen took off the strap-on, threw it aside and came over to us. She opened Lindsey's legs and moved between them. She snuggled between them and put her head on Lindsey's stomach. We all feel asleep a couple minutes later from all of the fucking we just did.