 Is it the lift that gives me butterflies as we hurtle upwards?

Silence

There are five of us in the lift, all looking anywhere but at each other.

Level 8, the elegant man in his crisp white shirt and Levis gets out. Now we are four. Us and another couple, except they may not even realize that we are a couple at all. Like most people, they probably think we are mother and daughter- there's a 20 year age difference, not that we care. We stand apart, they are joined at the hip. 

Level 11, they get out, walking as one.

Level 12. Our floor. The door opens; two men stand aside to let us out before they enter.

We walk to room 1203. I put the card in the slot to open the door. It clicks and we go inside. The door closes and I turn to face her." Hi Babe," her voice is soft and husky. We move together, magnetized. The first kiss, delicate, careful, sweet and gentle, is always good.

Reconnection.

We hold each other like this for minutes as our bodies tune back into each other.

Now I can look at her. Green eyes, just the right amount of mischief twinkling, cute button nose, full lips, the dimple.

We kiss. We love kissing. Our spirits whirl and spin and dance together when we kiss. 

We can't stay here forever, in the doorway; it's hard to let go but we do. She moves past me, into the main room, putting her bag down, slipping off her heels and taking her jacket off. I stop her from taking any more clothes off-" I want to do that", I tell her. With a raised eyebrow, she acquiesces. That eyebrow turns me to jelly. She knows it.

Each time I undo a button, I kiss her. I pull her shirt back over her shoulders to reveal her soft, glowing skin. I can't resist rubbing my cheek across her shoulders, silky skin on my face. As I do this, her hands travel up my body from my waist, to my face. She gently moves my head to one side and traces the line of my throat with her tongue. I melt, surrendering to her.

She pulls my t-shirt over my head, immediately taking my bra off. She loves my breasts and they love her. She puts her hands underneath gently, and bends her head to tease my nipples out to play. Her hot mouth pulls gently, a rush of energy swirls through my body up to my head. Needing to feel her warm, soft body on mine, I take her bra off and pull her to me. Breasts touch, bellies touch. we connect all the way down to our feet.

She pushes me on to the bed, moving up my body like a lioness, stalking me, her long curly hair falling forward, brushing over me, her eyes locked on mine. She lowers down on to me. Her gentleness overwhelms me; my hands find her lower back, easily slipping inside the waistband of her white, lacy panties to squeeze her ass. She pushes in to me, and I in to her. Moving to one side, she gives me access to the front of her lacy pants, and I find her hot wetness waiting for me. She smiles, as she always does when I first touch her.

In my head I want to remain here, like this; I don't want this to end, but my body is powerless to stop. My fingers tease her, our kisses become firmer, stronger, our tongues flicking, searching, licking and all the while she gently tugs my nipples. Her kisses move to my throat, "the panties have to come off", she says.

We roll, I'm on top now, and I move down her body, alternating my touch between feather-light gentleness and then firmer kneading. Again, my fingers find her soft, wet pussy. She moans in response as my fingers move inside her, I know what she likes and I find the place inside that makes her lose herself to me. As I coax and massage her, she moves with my hand. I feel her pleasure, my own sex responding to her. As she creates her rhythm, I find her clit with my tongue, just lightly at first, becoming firmer as she moves in to me.

Her moans encourage me on; she moves faster, her energy taking me with her. As I stroke her inside, she climaxes and I feel her clench my fingers, I hear her pleasure, taste her sweetness, smell her musky release and watch her surrender.

She lets go, relaxing. I leave my fingers inside, feeling the aftermath of her orgasm until she's still. She trembles as I slowly withdraw.

I kiss my way back up to her; she's still in her afterglow. Her eyes open, we smile,

"You're really good at that."