 Author's note: Sorry this is taking so long, but RL keeps interfering in my writing time. Also, I'm getting too wrapped up in plot to get to the "good stuff".

* * * * *

Tuesday - Chapter 1, Part 2

"No need to rush it, though," Colleen continued, "Just because she *can* take something that big doesn't mean she should."

"Couldn't agree more," I said brightly, earning a sharp look from Colleen, and Amy's shoulders were shaking in silent laughter. The clerk smiled, then scratched at his goatee. Amy tapped him on the shoulder, then tapped the back of her left wrist.

"Oh. Right. Go let 'em loose." 

Amy scurried off to the platform and began releasing the captives there. As she finished this, she set up a dummy clock, which explained the next demonstration was in two hours' time. The mannequins left through a door near the changing rooms, rubbing this or that sore area and chatting rather animatedly.

"Quite a floor show," Heather remarked, "Don't know if I could do that."

I smiled. "Me either. I'd be caught between being turned on and utterly humiliated."

Colleen was smiling too. "I think you two should see about summer jobs here."

"Mom!!"

"Just kidding, sweetie," Colleen was grinning from ear to ear now.

"Actually, that's not a bad idea," I was thinking out loud, "A chance to earn a little money for college in what appears to be a safe and fun environment.."

"Fer cryin' out loud, write a brochure, whydoncha? Are you serious?" Heather was a little overwhelmed by the fact I'd taken her mother's jest seriously.

Amy came back at some point in this discussion, carrying two bags and holding a slip and pen out to Colleen, who read the total and sighed. "Well, that's my share of this year's tax return." She signed the slip, then passed it back to Amy.

Amy handed us our bags, then pointed at me, gestured to the sales floor, and nodded.

"You think I should work here for the summer?" I asked.

Amy nodded vigorously.

"She's seldom wrong about people," the clerk said, "if she thinks you've got the right stuff to work here, you probably do. By the way, my name's Ted." he extended his hand, and I shook it. "As far as I'm concerned, you've got a job here anytime you want it." He smiled at us. "And that goes for each of you."

We piled back into the car after setting the bags in the trunk. Heather was all over me almost as soon as the car pulled away from the curb.

"Are you sure you're not a lesbian?" Colleen asked Heather. By then I was chewing Heather's gum, which I'd pilfered from her mouth in that last kiss.

"Mom, I told you, boys work for me too, but Rachel is a special case."

"Okay. Do either of you have homework?"

"I've got a paper on MacBeth due next Friday, but I got the rest done in class," I offered.

"Calculus." Heather slumped in her seat, then noticed something. "Hey! My gum's gone!"

Laughing, I popped it a few times.

"Suppose I'll just have to take it back then," she growled, then kissed me again. I let her have the gum back, still laughing a little.

"Okay, Heather, your poor old mom's not used to seeing her baby girl tongue kissing another girl, so can you relax a little, at least where I have to see it?" Colleen asked. 

"Sure, mom, sorry,"

"This should be fun, watching Heather try to show a little restraint," I commented.

"Young lady, that pun was awful."

"What? Oh. 'Restraint'. " I burst out laughing. "Hadn't even thought of it,"

"Okay. Heather, you work on that Calculus while Rachel and I get supper ready. After we eat, I'll teach you what I know about bondage."

"Is it all right if I call my mom first? She's *got* to be wondering where I am by now."

"Sure. Use the phone in the kitchen."

We got into the house, Colleen bringing the bags to the living room while Heather sat at the kitchen table and cracked her Calc text open and I grabbed the phone and punched in the numbers for home.

"Hello?"

"Hi, mom, it's me,"

"Rachel! Where have you been? It's almost six now! I thought practice was over at four!"

"I'm at the Duncans'. Heather and I are studying. Would you like to speak with Heather's mom?"

"Sure, put her on."

I gave the phone to Colleen, who passed me the peeler and a half peeled potato. I peeled potatoes while Colleen explained where we'd been (out shopping was all she said, thank God,) and told her that I was helping to fix supper. Colleen took back the peeler and offered me the phone.

"Rachel, you be good while you're there. It's not a school night, so I'll expect you home at eleven."

"Right, mom. 'Bye!"

Supper turned out to be beef stew, and after today's workout, I really tucked into it, causing Colleen to chuckle. "Well, Heather, your girlfriend *eats* like a boy, anyway,"

"Gee, I hope not," Heather grinned.

Colleen flinched at that, and I had to step in. "Heather, Your mom is *trying* real hard, but she's not going to be able to deal with this casually. I mean, imagine yourself twenty years from now finding out *your* baby girl is into something that pushes *your* 'nausea button'. My mom actually turns a little green whenever she's forced to acknowledge an openly gay person. I think she's imagining what they do in bed and it makes her ill. I don't know *how* I'm going to break it to her that her daughter's in love with a girl."

Heather swallowed hard and looked like she was going to cry. "I'm sorry, mom, I thought you were okay with this."

"I'm getting there, baby. And I *highly* approve of Rachel, here," Colleen hugged Heather, 

"Okay, girls, into the living room. Class is in session."

We moved into the living room pretty quickly, with Heather turning on the lights and closing the blinds, while Colleen emptied the bags onto the coffee table, neatly piling things by category; clothing, cuffs and collars, gags and blindfolds, padlocks, and finally, a spool of black rope.

"Right then. Strip down to bras and panties, and we'll start with a *very* brief anatomy lesson." As we stripped off, she continued. "I'll be back in a second, I have to grab a butt plug for Rachel, here," She took off up the stairs. Heather and I were examining the clothing, long gloves, corsets, stockings, and high heeled shoes with an ankle strap that seemed to be built for a padlock rather than a buckle. Next, I looked at the cuffs and collars. Pretty brushed stainless, lined with neoprene, in various sizes. I figured wrist, ankle, upper arms, and collar. Next pile was gags and toys. Two of those clear gags in the pile, and I finally had a chance to feel that bag that would be strapped into my mouth. It was soft, smooth, and pliable, like soft bubble gum. Blindfolds were discs of soft leatheron a strap, and there were two vibrators and a butt plug there. I was contemplating these when Colleen came back with another butt plug.

"Let's get started then. Rachel, put that down and come here." She traced my arm with a fingertip as she spoke. "Mostly, you'll probably use rope, so you should know about safety. Inside the wrists and elbows, here and here, the blood vessels and tendons, not to mention nerve clusters, are close to the skin, and you don't want to compress them too heavily. The radial nerve, here, is particularly vulnerable, and can leave one with serious pain for life. That's what makes handcuffs so dangerous in the hands of novices. Also, just the hazards involved in cutting off the circulation should be cause to be very careful in binding your lover. Best is to be able to run a finger between the skin and bindings, but even then, make sure the limbs aren't darkening, and be sure to check for feeling, especially in the fingers and toes." As she was talking she was bending and pulling my arms this way and that, and smiled when she just got my elbows to touch one another behind me. 

"You're in luck, Heather, your.. your girlfriend is very flexible. Moving on, gags are a little risky too, mainly because in some people they live up to their name; they incite the gag reflex, and a person can, gross as this sounds, drown in their own vomit. Also, they block off a potential breathing passage, and I don't think I need to explain how *that* can be a problem." I shuddered at the thought of puking while gagged. "Next up is the throat. Don't touch it. Period. It's *way* too risky to play with. Same goes for plastic bags and asphyxiation games. Let's see.. Neither one of you has breasts big enough to bind, but I'll bet your nipples are really sensitive, so maybe we should introduce you slowly to clamps. They can be fun, or pure hell, depending how sensitive you are. That just about wraps it up. If you want lessons in other BDSM activities, let me know. Later. Now, though, I'd like you to model the clothing on the table there. Green for Rachel, blue for Heather."

We shed the rest of our clothes, then Heather squirmed into the ice blue satin corset, then turned her back to me. "Tighten the laces, please, then I'll do you." I tightened them good, paying close attention to the little groans Heather was making, and the grimace on her face. When I figured she'd had enough, I tied the laces. "God, that's tight! I don't think I can bend at all. Breathing's no picnic, either. You, girl, are going to get yours!"

I gulped as she held the deep green corset out to me. "Can't we just..."

"Now, Rache. You get used to it quick, except the short breaths you have to take."

I sighed and pulled the crisp, smooth satin around myself, hooking up the half a thousand clasps in the front. Heather had an evil look on her face as she turned me around and reached for the laces. This thing started squeezing me, hard, just below the ribs, pulling my already flat tummy in even more and compressing my waist. The soft groans Heather had let out were involuntary, I discovered, as the air was being forced out of me. The tight squeeze felt good, though, because Heather had done it to me. 

That little romantic twinge made me want to laugh, but I could barely get enough air for a giggle, as Heather finished lacing me in. Suspenders slapped my thighs, and I thought of the stockings, one pair in blue mist, the other in green. No way we'd be able to put those on ourselves, we'd just have to help each other. Heather smiled as I mentioned this. 

"Cool. That means we get to caress one another's legs."