 Authors note: This is a story of loving wives, in other words married women having sex with other people. If you can't handle it or the explicit language I suggest you don't read it and certainly don't send me any nasty e-mails. Not only will you not get a reply, it won't even be read. If you do however which to send me positive critique, I'll be glad to read your personal comments.

I ran into an old school girlfriend the last summer…

Belinda and I were best friends all through our school years, probably because we are just alike.  When we both turned 16 and started our first sexual experiments with boys, it was obvious; we were not just alike but absolutely the same.
We shared our experiences and swapped ideas...  It was actually Belinda that started me on having more than 1 sex partner at a time.

We normally had these talks upstairs, in either her or my bedroom.  Of course, these chats always made us both horny.  A couple of times we wound up kissing or caressing each others over our clothes.
A few times we even masturbated.  We would then sit next to each other and masturbated separately, while we were watching a porn tape from my dad.  And no matter how sexually active and experimental we both already were, we never really did anything together.

When Belinda was gone and I was alone in my bedroom I would repeatedly masturbate while fantasizing about her.  I suspected Belinda did the same, but that was another subject that we never dared to talk about.

When Belinda met David, she was 21 and married him a year later.  She thought he was her prince charming and although he did look good, I never liked him.  I couldn't say why, but he just rubbed me wrong.  In any case, it wasn't my place to intervene with their relationship and decided to stay out of it.

It didn't take long until I was proven right, unfortunately.  They weren't married 3 months when he got really jealous and possessive.  Belinda and I started to get together less and less until I didn't see or hear from her at all anymore.  That is five years ago now.

Anyway, this is neither the time nor place to tell a sob story, instead I'll try to tell you, in as much detail as I can, how Belinda and I found each other again...

It was Thursday evening and I was driving home from work when I decided to stop at a little fries stand to pick up some fries and snacks for Bart and I.  It had been a long day and I didn’t feel like starting on dinner anymore.

The fries stand is located on the corner of a big parking lot from a supermarket.  By the time I took my place in the line there were about 5 or 6 college kids standing in front of me, waiting to order.

It was actually kinda dumb of me.  Thursday evening is when all the student clubs keep their parties, so they still have Friday to recuperate before going home to mommy and daddy.  I used to do it myself all the time when I was still in school.

I made peace in my mind with the fact that I would be waiting for a while and stared over the parking lot.  Cars were coming and going, people loading in their groceries, trying to keep their kids close, … when I saw a woman lifting several bags from her shopping cart into the trunk of her car.

I only saw her back, but the long black hair and the way she carried herself sure reminded me of Belinda.  I knew it couldn’t be her, but I had my eye fixed on this woman, hoping I would be wrong.

After she loaded the last bag in the car, she pushed the cart away back into the store and when she walked back I had a clear look on her face.

The distance between her and I together with the fact that I really didn’t consider the option that it actually could be my old school girlfriend, made it so that it took some time before I realized it really was her.

She was already close to the car by the time I reacted, so I quickly ran out the waiting line in her direction and called her name a couple of times.  She was at the door of her car when she heard and saw me.

The first look on her face made me think I had made a mistake, but she just was as surprised to see me as I was to see her.

“Veronique?” she said with an asking voice

“YES!” I shouted while I was already standing next to her “I can’t believe I find you here!  How have you been?”

“Fine” Belinda answered me “and you?  What have you been up to?”

“Oh, I got married” I said with a smile on my face.

She couldn’t believe it.  Me, married?!  That’s as impossible as her getting married!

We talked for 5 more minutes on the side of the car before deciding to go sit down behind a cup of coffee in a bar.

It was there that I learned she divorced from her ex over a year ago.  It was the worst 4 years of her life.  She actually didn’t sleep with any other man during her marriage, try to flirt as little as possible, but still David was incredibly jealous.  They would have screaming fights every time she even looked at another man.

The last year she was so happy to be single again she didn’t mourn her relationship at all and started dating again, being her typical self.

She tried to contact me, but because I moved 2 years ago and got married as well she couldn’t find me.

I called Bart to tell him I ran into an old friend and the next 2 hours Belinda and I caught up.  I told her the things I was doing now, how my career was going, how great Bart is, …

Except for the fact that her marriage was a disaster, Belinda was doing good as well.  A good job, dependable friends, a nice little apartment at only 30 minutes away from were Bart and I lived, …

While we were talking I would look at her and couldn’t help finding myself attracted to her perhaps even more than we were kids.  At moments, I could tell she had the same thoughts.

She had gotten even prettier over the years, her tits and hips filled out, long curly black hair, a spark in her hazelnut brown eyes, a cute smile, …

It was passed 8 pm when we decided it was time to go home, but not before setting a date to get together again.

Normally Bart and I would have gone grocery shopping and do some house chores this Saturday, but it had been too long.  I cleared my agenda so Belinda and I could have the day to go shopping together.  I was sure Bart wouldn’t mind, because he would get out of working around the house and have the whole day to play on his Xbox.

When I got back home I told Bart everything about my meeting with Belinda.  She wasn’t in my life anymore when Bart and I met so he never knew about her, so I had to fill him in there a bit too.

“Is it OK if I meet Belinda this Saturday to go shopping together?” I asked Bart after telling him about Belinda “Just us girls going clothes shopping and talking girl stuff…”

“Euh, sure, why not” answered Bart before he realized he would get a good deal out of this too.

His face lit up when it hit him “Hey, then I can have the whole day to play instead of work!”

“Yep” I laughed “we both can have a lazy day this weekend”

On Friday I called with Belinda to set up a meeting place and discuss some more details.  That’s all we talked about, but still it wound up being a call of more than an hour.  How did that happen??

That evening I couldn’t get her out of my mind.  I hadn’t thought about her in several years, but now I felt exactly the way I felt before, when she and I were having daily chats in our bedrooms.

In the shower that evening, while washing my body, feeling the water run over my naked body, my fantasy took the better of me.  I held a stick of soap in my hand and rubbed it gently from my clit to my butt hole and back up to my clit a couple of times while I was imagining it was Belinda’s tongue doing the caressing.  It didn’t take 30 seconds for me to orgasm so hard I literally fell to my knees.

It didn’t take the edge of however, it left me wanting more.  I furiously started to push my fingers in and out of my soaking pussy and then replaced them with a soap bottle.

After the bottle made me cum again, I stepped out of the shower and ran into the bedroom.  I took my big see-through dildo and shoved it as deep in my pussy as I could.

I came a couple more times before I was able to regain control of myself and finished getting showered.

I don’t know if Bart heard me while I was upstairs, but when we went to bed he fucked me like an animal.  He drove his cock hard into my awaiting, clean shaven, sluttly cunt over and over.  He had me bent over the desk, fucked me from behind with me on my hands and knees, he spanked my ass and had me begging for him to cum inside me.

When he finally dumped his load in my cunt we both collapsed and fell asleep with his cock still inside me, his cum slowly trickling out, making a mess on the bed.

Later that night I woke up with Bart slowly moving his cock in and out of my vagina.  I pretended to be a sleep but undeliberately moaned a little so I’m sure he knew I was awake.

Without me moving a muscle, still pretending to be asleep, he creamed my pussy for a second time that night.  Then he leaned over, kissed my face and said how much he loved me.

Bart and I woke up around 10:30 am to find a big mess in our bed.  We took a bath together and while he was still sitting in the water resting, I started to get ready for my day with Belinda.

I stepped out of the bathtub and blow dried my hair.  Then I started to polish the nails of my toes and fingers.  I decided on black nail polish.  I love how black nail polish makes my hands and feet look and I know it also drives Bart crazy.

By the time my hands and feet were done, my body was dry as well (I love air drying when I have the time), so I could start putting on my make-up.

I was in the process of putting on green-black eye shadow when Bart asked me “Are you only hooking up with Belinda or do you have something extra planned?”

Of course I knew what he meant, “No, honey, I’m not planning anything today, although I never make a promise about that, you know that” I answered him honestly.

When I was done putting on my make-up, Bart told me I looked stunning.

His face was still wet and I didn’t want to restart with the make-up so I thanked him by blowing him a kiss before walking out the door to our bedroom to choose my clothes.

I guess I felt like wearing black that day, first I pulled up a black lazy thong until the fabric was wedged between my ass cheeks and fitting tightly over my hips.  Next I slowly rolled up a pair of fishnet stockings under which I would be wearing a pair of pumps.

I always love putting on my stockings, I love how it feels when my hands run slowly up my leg and, I guess, the thought of somebody taking them of as well.  Also, I don’t think I have a spectacular body, but I do like my legs.  I’m 6 feet tall and with the stockings and pumps my legs seem to go all the way up to heaven.

As a top, I put on my red top with low-cut back and spaghetti straps that tied around my neck.  The skirt that goes with it is a red, knee length, loose fitting skirt that blows nicely in the wind.

I looked at myself in the mirror “Just right.  Sexy, but nothing provocative” I thought.

Bart was done with his bath and walked in the room.  He hugged me from behind and told me I looked nice.

“For once you look like a lady instead of a slut when you are going out” he whispered in my ear with a smile on his face.  Then he continued by kissing my neck.

I reached behind my back and gently but firmly squeezed his cock: “Be careful what you say” I teased him “or this slut will have to teach you a lesson”.

I squeezed his cock just a bit harder and he started to moan while still sucking on my neck.

My knees turned to jelly and I felt his cock getting harder, but I broke our embrace “I’m sorry honey, I’m already running later, but I’ll make it up to you later.  I promise”

“I know” said Bart “It’s OK.  Have fun today”

“Oh I will.  What’s not to enjoy: a day of shopping, catching up with Belinda, doing girl stuff, …” I said will I was slipping my feet in a pair of matching red pumps.

It was 12:45 when I jumped in the car which gave me 15 minutes to reach our rendezvous point 30 km further.

I parked my BMW 20 minutes later and saw Belinda had already arrived.

We gave each other a big hug, complimented one another on how we looked and headed of in the direction of the city center.  There are lots of fun little stores and clothing stores.

Belinda was wearing a V-neck T-shirt and tight fitting jeans with plateau shoes.  Everything she was wearing was hugging her body tightly and really showed off her female forms.  She had kept the same style she wore when we were younger.  And why not, she looked great in those kinds of clothes, but she knew that.

The first clothing store we saw, we walked into and started trying on clothes while talking up a storm.

When Belinda was trying on clothes I would go and find other models to try on and handing it to her under the curtain and visa versa.

I guess it was 1:30 pm when Belinda started asking me more personal questions.

“So?  Are you happy with Bart?” she asked me.

“Sure I am” I replied “I already told you that I loved him very much.  Didn’t I?”

“Yes, you did” she chuckled “but I mean in the sack…”

She was looking straight into my eyes with a devilish look on her face.

“Hehe, you have no idea” I told her with a wink.

Belinda laughed “Good!  Sex is important in a relationship.  Although it’s not everything, like I came to realize…”

“Does he know about your past?”

“He sure does” I replied “he has no problem with it.”

I deliberately only answered to her questions, avoiding going deeper into it myself, just to tease her.

I could see on her face she was getting more curious with every question she asked.  She was aching for me to spill the beans about our sex life, but I wanted to tease her a bit more, just like we did when we were still kids.

“So have you been able to keep faithful to him?” she asked me quietly, almost embarrassed to ask me.

“No” was all I answered

“Really?!” she said shocked “and does he know?”

“Yes” was another short reply of me.

Her mind was racing.  She was so curious she could barely stand herself.

I couldn’t hold it in any longer and started laughing hard.

“Damn you!” she shouted playfully at me “you are teasing me, aren’t you?”

I laughed “Yes I am, just for old sakes”

I proceeded by telling her Bart and I are swingers.  I told her how Bart first found out about it, and how we progressed from there on.  I told her in detail of some of my adventures with one of my lovers while Bart was watching or waiting at home for sloppy seconds.

Her jaw was on the floor “You are kidding?!” she said.

“No, I’m not” I answered “I’m being serious”.

“We have an open relationship.  He can have sex with other women, while I can fuck other men.  Although I must admit I use my privileges more than he uses his” I said with a smile.

“Damn girl” Belinda said when she got over the shock “you got really lucky.  I’m jealous!”

The next hour or so I kept answering the questions Belinda had for me.  We were both getting really excited, I could tell.  It was just like high school again.

During another fitting, Belinda asked me if I could help her zip up the zipper in the back from the dress she was trying on.

When I opened the curtain I saw Belinda standing there with the straps of the dress pulled over her shoulders, but the zipper still completely undone, showing her whole backside.  She had a blue laced bra on with clamps in the front.

I was tampering around with the zipper before I noticed Belinda was looking at me in the mirror.  When I felt the zipper was starting to cooperate I closed it slowly why running my hands over her back and looking straight into Belinda’s eyes.

She has the most beautiful, ice blue eyes in which you can get completely lost.

When the zipper was up, she quickly turned towards me and we shared a passionate kiss which seemed to last hours.

When we stopped we look at each other silently until she broke the tension “Damn, I’ve always wanted to do that.”

“I hope it was as good for you as it was for me” I replied.

“It sure was, you are a great kisser” she told me.

We were both glad they wasn’t any awkwardness, but the moment had passed and we both walked out the changing stall to look at the dress in a full length mirror.

It was a beautiful classy black dress that was just made for her body, it would have been a waste to leave it hanging.

Half an hour later Belinda walked out with the dress and I picked up two tops and a jeans.

The next store we walked into was V&R, a big clothing store which always has tons of great stuff, a dangerous place for 2 girls on a shopping spree…

I was trying on a cute tank top in 1 one of the changing rooms when suddenly the door opened.

I was standing there completely naked from the waist up, completely shocked, when I saw Belinda closing the door of the stall behind her.

She took a step forward and softly placed her lips on mine.  Her hands were resting on my hips before she slowly ran them up my back.  Her touch sent shivers down my spine, I love having my back tickled.

I replied her kiss by parting my lips and accepting her tongue into my mouth.  This kiss was a lot more sensual than the first one we shared a bit earlier.

She ran her hands over my side and stopped when her hands were cupping my breasts.  She was gently squeezing them with the palm of her hands.  I just stood there with my eyes closed and my head hung back, enjoying her touch.

After a minute or so I was finally able to move and I raised my hands to her breasts.  I knew there were video cameras in the stalls to prevent theft, and if someone was watching they would have quite a show, but I didn’t care at that moment.

But that was not considering Belinda.  Right before I reached her chest, she took hold of my hands “Why don’t we go to my place?” she said “it’s only a 10 minute drive from here”.

I reacted by quietly nodding my head, dropping the tank top on the chair and putting my own top back on.
Two minutes later we were almost running down the shopping street towards her car.

I’ve had sex with women before, but never without a man (or 2) there watching us, I was nervous as hell and my mind was racing “Did I just accept to go to her house?  What is she planning?  Does she really want to have sex with me?  Do I really want to do this myself? …”

I was answering my questions as fast as they were popping into my head “You know what she wants to do!  Yes, I want to do this, I’ve been wanting to do this ever since our youth! …”

A few minutes later we were sitting in her car while she was driving home.  The stick of the car in her hands was so erotic.  She must have also spent a little time on doing her nails, they were painted bright red with some decals on her ring finger and thumb.

I placed my hand on hers.  Belinda just looked at me and smiled.  She moved her hand, with mine resting on top, towards her crotch before she placed her hand back on the stick.

I took the hint, I moved my entire hand up and down over her jeans, stimulating her pussy before making slow, small circles with my index and middle finger over where her clit was situated.

She was thoroughly enjoying my touch.  Her head was resting against the head rest of her seat and her eyes rolled into the back of her head a few times while making some lovely muffled noises.

I moved my hand away from her crotch and let it slide under her T-shirt over her stomach until I reached her right full tit.  I gently ran my hand lightly over her boob before pinching her nipple a bit.

Her muffled noises were starting to get louder.

When I moved my hand back down to her pussy, I think she came.  She pushed her chest out, digging her head into the head rest and she was now moaning.
