  (Those of you who have enjoyed my stories know that I try to give my characters depth and real emotion. I try to put them into real situations and have them react as real people. Well, this story isn't one of those. This has no moral conclusion or message. The plot is pretty flimsy. No insult is meant to any of the very nice butches I have met before. Please don't take offense. If you do, get over it. It's just about the sex.) 

I groaned. While it probably could be heard several blocks away, hopefully it couldn't be traced back to me and my hangover. I winced as the tiny gnomes wielding their sledgehammers inside my head worked up to speed. My mouth tasted like my favorite Cowboys had stampeded through it with their shoes off. My arms...exactly what was wrong with my arms? I didn't seem to be able to move them. I wanted to lift my head and see what was going on but thought I should rest first. 48 hours sounded good for a start.

Okay, think Riz. Last night, I assumed it was last night but I wasn't making any promises, even to myself, I went to Antoines. Well, it was Monday night again, football was on and I was hoping that I could find Sally. Sandra was out of town for the umpteenth time lately, and if I couldn't find Sally I was determined to find someone. I'm perfectly happy to be hammering the same femme every day, but the point is its got to be everyday. I go into withdrawal otherwise. I swear, I'm as bad as some guys I know.

I had gone to Antoines. I definitely remembered that. I had armed myself with a generous but not excessively large strapon, a mere 8 inch one. After all, I couldn't expect everyone I met to have Sally's capacity or endurance.

As it turned out, what I was packing had turned out to be ample. I had picked up this just into middle age blonde female named Carol. She was another one who thought that she was outsmarting someone by taking her wedding rings off. I could tell from her non-stop nervous chatter that she would probably bolt if I suggested going to my place so I had instead taken a firm grip on her arm and escorted her to the ladies room.

It only took me a moment to throw out the 5 or 6 women who thought they needed to be in there and lock the door. By now Carol had shifted into babble mode. I really didn't care about her husband or her six kids and whether or not the three girls were blonde like her. She had nice legs under a short skirt and I thought she would look pretty good on her knees. So I kissed her and put her hand on the crotch of my jeans. She fell almost immediately to her knees, still talking. Then I shut her up by unzipping my jeans and feeding her the head of my strapon. 

One good thing about most married females is that they usually can do a pretty good job of sucking cock, my latex one anyway (the other kind *shudder* I don't even want to think about). Carol was going to town, having found something better to do with her mouth than talk. Not only was she giving the old boi a decent workout, it obviously wasn't the first time she had sucked a dildo. She knew to lock her lips over it when she had swallowed it and push the base back inside me. She did a great head bob and shake that was doing wonders on my clit. I closed my eyes and showed my appreciation by grabbing the back of her head and slamming my womancock all the way down her throat.

She showed her appreciation by turning blue and her body spasmed and shook until the vibrations sent me all the way off. I fell back and she gasped in deep whoops, obviously overcome with me and my incredible lovemaking.

Well, fair is fair. I pulled her up and kissed her. Leaning her against the sink, I pulled her short skirt up around her waist. She picked that moment to start talking again. I've really heard "I've never done this before" and all its varieties so I simply ripped her panties off and stuffed them in her mouth.

Relieved of listening I hoisted her onto the sink, slapped her legs wide and thrust with my hips. I have to say that I'm not bragging, from a distance of over a foot I impaled her wet pussy right on my womancock and rammed it all the way up her.

I had sighed at the way she took it. I would have been great to have Sally back. She would have whooped and hollered for more. Carol's eyes bugged out like I had done something to her she didn't enjoy. Well I knew better than that so I grabbed each ankle and spread her out like a wishbone. Once I had her open I commenced to pound her like I was tenderizing her for her husband. Who knows? Maybe it did.

Finally she had bucked up with her hips, pulled her ankles out of my hands and locked her legs around my waist. She tightened her legs and her internal muscles and then we were both whooping and hollering and coming together. I like that.

I let her get back on her knees for a while and lick everything clean. Then giving her one last fond pat with the head of my strapon, I had zipped up and unlocked the door. Apparently we had been in there longer than I thought. There sure was a crowd gathered around the door. They must have all had to go really bad. I couldn't think of any other reason so many people were standing there.

I drank three beers on the way to the door. One of the bouncers wanted me to hold on a minute but I was tired and wanted to go home. So I stretched him out with a gentle tap on the chin, grabbed a pitcher off some abandoned table (well it looked abandoned to me) and left. Can I help it if the sink broke off the wall in the bathroom? I wasn't the one on it. Talk to Carol.

Okay, that all pretty well settled where I was last night, or my last conscious night. Now what was going on here now? I tried moving my hands. No Luck. I could seem to move my feet however.

My musings where broken by the bed bouncing. "Hey there, Sleepin' Beauty," came a cheery voice. Once I stopped moaning from the pain of movement, I managed to turn my head and squint against the light.

"Sally?"

"Hey there, pretty good guess. Yeah, its me." The shapely older femme sat at the head of the bed where I could look at her without too much pain. "You were really out of it last night, Riz. You staggered through the door and fell into bed. I really thought you might have noticed I was on the dining room table with my legs wrapped around Sandra and her pounding me with a nice strapon. I mean, I'm not the quietest fuck by any means."

"Now my head was really spinning and not just from last night's alcohol. "Wait just a minute. Whadda you mean Sandra was fucking you? Sandra's a femme, like you. You all don't do that."

Sally shook her head. "Golly, Rizzo. For a pretty smart and experienced woman sometimes you don't know jack shit. My girlfriend is as femme as they come. You have should see her in the coral dress and black high heels she was wearing the day we first met. The sight would have made you mouth water. Mine did."

"The point of the matter," she continued, "is that as good as you are, she can do me better and twice on Sunday. Femme has nothing to do with it. Its all about attitude. Now I stopped by here last night just as Sandra was getting home. We introduced ourselves and hit it right off. Now did you even know she was curious about being on the other end of the dildo for a change?"

Damn. I hadn't any idea that Sandra would be at all interested in doing that. I never thought of such a thing. It was sort of outside my experience. 

"You've got a girlfriend?" As soon as I said that I knew it had to sound just as stupid to her as it did to me. "And where's Sandra?"

"Oh gee, Rizzo, thanks. You really know how to compliment a girl don't you? My girlfriend's name is MaryAnn and she has to travel a lot, damn it. We have an agreement. When we're together there's no one in the world but the two of us. When we're apart, well, she ain't made to be celibate and neither am I. As for Sandra, she's right here. She's just been waiting for you to wake up so she can give you a surprise."

I felt the bed shake again. Springs squeaked as someone I knew was Sandra knelt between my legs. She leaned over me, her long blonde hair falling over my face. She whispered in my ear, "I've waited a long time for this baby." I could feel her hard nipples pressed against my back. And then I could feel something long and firm riding in my cleft. Her hand reached down between us and I felt the wetness of lubricant being dripped against my ass.

"Wait a minute," I said in sudden realization and panic. "You can't mean, not Sandra and me, not like that! A femme can't fuck a butch. Its UNNATURAL!"

"Aw, don't worry Rizzo," Sally said encouragingly. "You'll love it. Besides, you're going to be busy yourself."

"Huh?" I really hate it when I'm at a loss for words.

Sally moved to kneel in front of me. She reached down and lifted my chin. "Well, you're going to be busy eating me. She pushed her hips forward. I did have to admit, she did look appetizing. Her hair was carefully trimmed into a bikini line, but after that she let her curls grow. They were already damp and I could inhale the aroma of an aroused woman.

In fact, I could inhale and pick up a LOT of arousal. Not just Sally, Sandra's familiar tang wafted through the air. And, oh my, could it be? The cool dampness from the lubricant was warming, warming with my own increased wetness. Good God. I was getting turned on by this.

Sally adjusted her position so her pussy was right in front of my mouth. It was funny, I hadn't eaten pussy in so long I was almost hesitant about it. What if I wasn't any good at it anymore? And I did sort of wonder, why had I ever stopped. Sally's was gorgeous and now MY mouth was watering.

Sandra's voice came for her position behind me. "Get up on your knees Rizzo."

Now that was going to far. "Shit no. You want to fuck me, you'll have to work at it."

Whack! "Ouch!"

I grinned as Sandra's hand bounced off my ass. "Honey," I said. "That's all hard muscle there. You're going to break your hand."

"Absolutely," said Sally. She reached over to the nightstand and picked something up. "Use this."

"What the hell?" I asked before realizing the item was a large silver trimmed hairbrush. Shit. Sally really did plan well.

"Okay Sandra. Get the feel of it. Its all in the wrist action. Pop it sharply against each cheek."

Whap. "Ouch!" This time it was me doing the complaining. Whap "Owww, damn."

"Keep at her Sandra. By the way Riz, one day we're going to see who's tougher, your anal ring or my tongue. You have a hot ass," she paused and laughed. "well, a real hot ass shortly, but I would like to tongue fuck it someday."

Smack, smack, smack. Now the hairbrush was falling quickly on each of my ass cheeks in turn. I could feel them reddening, and damn it, I could feel myself getting wetter with each slap. I didn't think I could ever admit it but I was turned on something fierce. I pulled my legs under me and knelt, my ass up in the air for Sandra.

I could hear rather than see the triumphant grin on Sandra's face as she pressed the head of the latex cock between the gaping lips of my pussy. "You're always telling me to take it like a woman, baby." Her hips heaved forward and suddenly she was penetrating deep into me. "So take it!"

When I opened my mouth to yell my protest, Sally shoved her pussy right into it. In reflex action my mouth closed over her and my tongue stiffened as hard as the cock in me. I parted her slit and began to lick up and down as quickly as I could wiggle my tongue. It took no time at all for my rusty cunt-licking skills to come back and my lips and tongue had Sally moaning with pleasure and humping my face.

Meanwhile Sandra had settled into a rhythm. her hands grasped my hips and pulled back, rocking me onto her as her hips slapped the dildo into me. From the very first thrust she had gone all the way inside me. Because of the angle she couldn't hit my G-spot, but all in all my major thought was, "Dayum, this feels great." I screamed my pleasure into Sally's pussy. I don't know if any of it was understandable but she bucked against my face with every syllable.

By this time I had my face completely buried in Sally's pussy and was ramming my tongue as far inside her as I could go. Farther, in fact, than I ever would have thought possible. She in turn was thrusting her hips forward and riding my tongue with as much fervor as Sandra was riding my pussy. 

Sandra herself was going completely nuts. Her hips must have been blurring in motion to be driving the strapon as fast and as far into me as she was. She was leaning over me, grunting with her exertions and pounding on my back with her little fists.

"Cum, damn it Rizzo. Fucking butch, You are as good a piece of ass as you always told me I am."

Damn, I loved her sweet talk. My knees flexed to meet each thrust. I had never experienced such an incredible rush. Every movement of Sandra forced my tongue deeper into Sally. Her trickle of juices had become a flood and I was drinking every drop. I snaked my tongue in and out of her, lapping and licking from the top of her slit to the base. My tongue followed her wetness to her asshole and danced all over it.

With a scream Sally grabbed my head and forced my whole face into her. She all but drowned me in woman cum and she spasmed. At that same moment my body tightened and then I was cumming like I hadn't in years. Sandra's nails dug into my hips as she reared upright and mashed the cock into both of us.

Our three orgasms came all together and they seemed to keep triggering follow-up ones in each other. By the time we all got done shaking and hollering and carrying on, Sally was snuggled on my right side and Sandra was cuddled on my left. We were one tangle of arms and legs and I couldn't tell where one of us ended and another began. It was so comfortable and I was so worn from the incredible experience that I fell asleep nestled between them.

When I woke up the setting sun was pouring its rays through the window. I was untied and Sandra and I were cuddled into one big ball. I lifted my face from Sandra's fragrant hair and glanced around. No Sally. She certainly seemed to be the Energizer Bunny of gay femmes. I hope her girlfriend was everything Sally had said. Otherwise she probably was going to have a heart attack one day trying to keep up with that non-stop sex machine.

My eye was caught by an envelope propped on the nightstand. Carefully moving to keep Sandra from waking up, I managed to snag it. It was unsealed and I pulled the letter out.

"Dear Rizzo. Nice to have seen you again. I really enjoyed meeting Sandra. If you let her keep practicing, she is going to be as good as you one day. Let her. Sometime when MaryAnn is out of town again we can all get together. Maybe the two of you would like to double-team me. Love, Sally."

Holy shit. Unbidden, a picture popped into my mind of Sandra stretched out of the bed and Sally riding her strapon. I was behind her and pushed her flat against Sandra's body, my own boi finding its way up Sally's ass. I shivered. Damn, that woman could do things to me, HAD done things to me, I didn't think anyone could.

I considered things. All in all it had been a helluva Tuesday. I hoped Sandra would wake up soon. I was getting horny and I needed to get fucked again. I was going to get on top though this time. After all, a butch has to maintain some self-respect.

