 From back in the galley, I heard the "ding" of the intercom and the captain's voice come on. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking... we're about to come across some turbulence... it's nothing to worry about, but things might get a little bumpy. I'm gonna go ahead and turn on the 'fasten seatbelt' sign... please remain seated until otherwise notified. Thanks so much, we'll be out of this as soon as we can."

Then the flight deck phone rang, and the captain told us the same thing. "It's gonna get kind of rough... you guys go ahead and strap in too."

"Sure thing," I replied, and hung up the phone. My coworker, Amy, went to do a quick cabin check while I made sure that everything in the galley was secure.

The captain wasn't kidding. Within a minute, the plane hit a pocket of air, and I was almost knocked off my feet. I quickly shut the little curtain between the galley and the cabin, folded the jump seat down, and strapped myself in. The phone rang again and I reached over to grab it.

"You okay back there, Sadie?" It was Amy, calling from one of the cabin phones.

"Yeah. Are you?"

"Yep. I managed to get into one of the passenger seats; I'm going to stay here until it's safe to move."

"OK." I hung the phone up and, just in case, quickly did a 30-second review: how many people were on board, where the exits were, evacuation commands, stuff like that. When that was done, I tried to readjust myself in the harness, since I'd sat down so quickly. The seatbelts were supposed to be worn tight: two over my shoulders that buckled into a lap belt across my hips. It was kind of uncomfortable, and it didn't help that I was a little on edge due to the turbulence. I mean, I knew we were safe, but you never know.

I tugged on the bottom of my blazer to straighten it out. One of the reasons I hated these seats was that I was a little on the taller side, and the shoulder straps always seemed to press directly against my breasts. They weren't digging in but it added to the discomfort. I wriggled in my seat a little and thanked the powers that be that I wasn't wearing a skirt today; with my legs slightly spread I finally managed to find a somewhat comfortable position.

I sat up straight and sighed. This sucked. There was nobody to talk to as Amy was stuck in the cabin, and on top of that, the constant vibration from the turbulence was starting to make me squirm again, but in a different way. I was nearing the end of my schedule, and it'd been so damn long since I'd been able to even have the privacy to get myself off. None of my roommates lately happened to share my sexual preferences either. There seemed to be plenty of gay flight attendants, but lesbians were few and far between. I didn't know how much longer I could take it without coming one way or another.

The plane bounced a little again, and with it came a slight tingling between my legs. "Am I really that desperate?" I thought; this had never happened before. Since there was no one around I idly reached down and brushed my right hand between my legs, hoping to alleviate some of the feeling.

It only made it worse. Damn, that had felt nice. I reached inside my blazer and traced the curve of my left breast through my blouse, enjoying the feel of the crisp pressed fabric against the top of it. My breasts were about average (if you must know, around 38C), and usually I didn't get much from messing around with them, but there was something about having the shoulder belts pressed against me that was turning me on to no end. I slipped a finger under the belt and across my nipple, finding that it was already starting to get hard.

I groaned under my breath and removed my hand. "I really shouldn't be doing this," I thought. "But then again, I need it so bad... and nobody can come back here right now..."

"Screw it," I decided, and put my right hand back between my legs. Nervously I started to stroke myself through my uniform pants. At least at this point, if anyone caught me, I'd still be fully dressed.

"Oh, God," I whispered as the turbulence got a little harder. I ground a couple of fingers into what I hoped was my clit and started making slow circles. I shut my eyes and tried to make myself think that I was the only one on the plane, that nobody else was there, how good it would feel to finally get release...

Pleasure coursed its way through me and I squirmed on the seat, trying as hard as I possibly could not to moan. Under the lap belt, I managed to at least unbutton my pants and slide my index and middle fingers inside them. Damn, I was already getting wet, and my labia swelled up as I caressed myself lightly through my panties. I prayed that my juices wouldn't soak through my pants; I discovered I was wetter than I thought when I boldly pushed the crotch of my panties aside and ran a finger over my clit.

I couldn't help it. I had never been more turned on in my life. I hadn't ever been tied up or anything either, but the simple act of sitting there, in my uniform, masturbating in a jump seat, was turning out to be one of the most erotic things I'd ever done.

I let a low moan slip out. My other hand raced across my breasts; I could now feel my nipples creating friction against the shoulder belt as my body continued to vibrate. The plane hit another pocket of air; I bit my tongue and rapidly slid my fingers across myself through the dripping wetness. 

I was more of a clit kind of person than shoving things up me, and besides, I didn't want to make a bigger mess than I already was, so I kept my fingers in that area. As I continued to stroke, my already swollen clit grew harder, which made it easier for me to circle around it and flick it with my fingertips.

I was starting to get close. "Ohhh, please, don't stop," I prayed under my breath to the turbulence. I shut my eyes again, and for some reason the first person that crossed my mind was my coworker. I thought of Amy sitting up there in one of the passenger seats, with only a lap belt; I wondered how the turbulence felt through her skirt, imagined what it would look like if she had grabbed a blanket from one of the overhead bins earlier and was having at herself through the pantyhose, feeling the silkiness of the hose against her thighs, feeling the wetness dripping down her legs...

"Oh, fuck," I muttered a little too loud. I was going to come. Giving the state of my uniform to fate, I refastened my pants and fingered my pussy as hard as I could through my dark navy pants. The waves of pleasure weren't stopping now, and it seemed that the turbulence was reaching a climax as well. I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to have an orgasm.

Then it happened. "Oh... shit....oh my god... fuck, I'm coming...", I moaned through gritted teeth.

All of a sudden she was standing there. "Amy!" I literally squealed in shock. The plane shuddered violently one final time, but for the longest moment of my life. I bucked against the harness, hand furiously working between my thighs, stifling moans as I came the hardest that I had in a long time. I screwed my eyes shut one final time and the world turned white. Somewhere in that moment, I heard the other harness click shut next to me, and lips pressed against my own as I let out a long breath and relaxed my body.

"Next time let me know if you're going to do something like that, ok?" she whispered in my ear as the cabin dinged once again and the captain shut the seatbelt sign off.