 Remembering the groping and teasing she'd given me, I gave a wicked smile to Heather as I picked up the mist blue hose and felt the smooth, soft nylon. I caressed her face with the hose, and delighted in her smile.

"We're not robbing banks, you know," She drawled, her voice warm, and softer than the stocking. "So it doesn't go over my head."

"Of course it doesn't." I can't believe I'm about to say this, "I couldn't very well kiss you with your face covered, could I?" I finished that by actually instigating a kiss. So far, it's been Heather attacking my mouth. Now the tables had turned. She moaned pretty loudly, wrapping her arms around my corseted body. I just barely had the grace to remember Colleen standing there, and how uncomfortable this made her.

"Sorry about that, I just got carried away." That said, I squatted down in front of Heather and had her point her toes. Sliding the stocking up her leg, I tried not to tickle, but to tease, caressing her calves and rubbing the backs of her knees as I pulled the nylon into place, making sure the seam as straight before fastening the suspenders. Repeating the process on her other leg, I smiled up at her and dragged the knuckles of my hand along her crotch. While I'd been doing that, she had put the long, shiny gloves on, smiling at me.

A long low moan was all the sound she could make at my bold caress, and then she grinned evilly. "Looks like I've got more to avenge myself for, then,"

I stood up, sniffing the back of my hand where it had touched her. I wasn't so naïve that I didn't know what she wanted me to do, and I wondered how she would smell and taste. Pretty nice, from what I could tell. Colleen handed me the gloves that went with my own outfit as Heather teased me with the mist green nylons. She rubbed my legs for several minutes after she got the stockings on me, then, making sure she had my attention, smiled up at me as she dragged her middle finger along my slit, then popped the finger straight into her mouth.

I was completely destroyed.

Colleen cleared her throat then held up those shoes. I briefly wondered if they would be uncomfortable then chuckled a little at that. If they felt good, why would they have to be locked on? My nervousness was unfounded, however, as they felt just like a dressy pair of heels that I wore at dad's little dinner parties.

At least until the little padlocks were threaded through and locked. That tiny little snick of the hasp being closed caused my pussy and belly to lurch.

I watched as Heather had her shoes locked on, and saw the little jerk of her body that told me she'd felt the same thing. Grinning, I said, "I now call this meeting of the Bettie Page society to order." Colleen laughed, and Heather smirked.

"You need some rope." Heather said, and then looked at Colleen. "Mom, have you got any of that thinner, lighter line? I have an idea." She grabbed my wrists and pressed them together behind my back, palm to palm. I was worried I might actually be wet enough to leak juices as she wrapped my wrists with a length of that black line, pausing to pass it between my wrists a few times before tying it off where my fingers couldn't reach them. She them pressed my elbows together, tying them as well, passing the rope between my arms again. I wasn't terribly comfortable, but it certainly didn't hurt either, so I simply reveled in the feeling of helplessness, the joy of knowing someone who loved me was rendering me immobile. My poor pussy was clenching on nothing, complaining to me of its need even as Colleen returned with the cord that Heather had requested. 

Heather helped me to the ground where she folded my heels to my bum and tied each leg in that bent position. I was kneeling on the floor wearing stockings, gloves, heels, and a corset, completely stunned at the turns this day had taken. I was very securely bound and getting really horny even as the reality of my situation sank in.

I was helpless. 

There was no way I was getting free of these bonds till they let me go, and that didn't appear to be in the offing. Heather accepted the spool of cord from her mother with her wicked grin.

"I almost came when mom did this to me," Heather remarked as she walked behind me. She cut a length of that cord and proceeded to tie my thumbs together. It sounds so dry and uninteresting, but the level of helpless I felt multiplied a thousand times as she proceeded to bind each pair of fingers together.

Colleen must have sensed something was up, because she just looked at Heather. "Call me if you need me. I'll be out back."

Heather grinned down at me, and then slapped my thigh. "Turn around, then bend as far forward as you can."

I knee-walked in a sloppy circle, feeling the heat of her slap on my thigh. Is she going to spank me? I didn't have to wonder long, as she did, indeed, spank me. Ten hard, sharp swats with her bare hand that I just knew were going to leave red handprints. I hadn't been spanked since I was twelve, and that had been my mom using a wooden spoon to teach me that running through the house was unacceptable. I'd forgotten the combination of embarrassment and pain that a spanking can bring. I'd also forgotten my mixed feelings about the spankings I'd earned as a child, wondering if I'd gotten into trouble just to get a few swats. No crossed signals here, just pure arousal and fun. I hoped Heather had enjoyed spanking me as much as I'd thrilled to the stinging slaps on my ass. I looked over my strained shoulder at her to see she had one of the butt plugs in her mouth.

"If I read the signs right at our 'fitting', you're going to love this," she remarked as she pressed the saliva-slick toy against my puckered rear hole. It went in very easily, and the feeling was bizarre back there. I thought there was no way this could be any more arousing than it already was without me coming all over their living room floor, but I was wrong. Heather pulled me upright and pressed my face into her soft, sparse, blond pubic hair. The scent of her sex had me pulsing and, I'm sure, dripping on the carpet. She said two words that impacted heavily on me, making my whole belly lurch.

"Eat me."

I looked into her folds, her clit actually peeking out from between her lips. "See how hot and wet you've made me? Please, lick my pussy. Suck my clit. Make me come!" I felt there was no room for teasing, so I dove into her, licking and sucking her whole pussy into my mouth. Okay, I did it quick because I didn't want to chicken out. I tongued her clit, rubbing the rest of her sex with my chin.

A light bulb went on in my mind and I smiled, then curled my tongue around her clit and rubbed it up and down. She lasted through about a second of this before her knees buckled and she came loudly, pulling herself away from me. Falling to her hands and knees before me, she looked me in the eyes. "That was awesome." She grabbed one of the gags and I opened my mouth for it. I couldn't believe how stuffed my mouth was, and there was still more of this thing. Finally my lips met the clear vinyl, and she buckled it tightly behind my head. I moaned into the gag and wriggled my hips. Surely she wouldn't leave me like this, wanting to come, unable to touch myself? Smiling at me, she grabbed one of the vibes and said to me, "Struggle. It makes it even hotter. Trust me, you'll love it. Fight the rope."

I did as she said, eyes wide as she licked the vibe and ran it lightly along my slit. My pussy squeezed hard, the lurch reminding me of the plug up my butt, and then she turned the vibe on. I heard a low muffled squeal; slowly realizing it came from me. She rubbed the spit-slick toy up and down my folds, gently nudging my clit with its humming head. That was all it took for me to come, my whole body lost in the experience. The last thing I saw as I passed out was Heather's smiling face, her ice green eyes almost glowing.

To Be Continued...