 Summary: 18-year-old is molested by store owner after caught stealing. 

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion. 

Thanks to 2: Robert, goamz86, Sophia, and Wayne for editing this story. 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a weeklong competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's submissive 18-year-old daughters. 

Note: This series is based on a few things: 

a) Quick seductions (Each story will likely be under 5000 words... give or take); these are sex stories and thus lacking the detailed character development I often have. 

b) Some are inspired by the Japanese molestation videos that are so popular in Japan. 

c) This will be, if people enjoy them, a multi chaptered series about five women who seduce straight women. 

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the fifth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far. 

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store. 

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid. 

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent, PORTIA JAMES, seduces a cute nineteen year old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie. 

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which a black professor, CRYSTAL WATSON, seduces a shy Japanese student in her office. 

Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief 

For a couple of hours, Veronica was swamped as the store got crazy busy. 

When she did check her phone once things died down, she saw that Portia, Veronica and Crystal each had got on the scoreboard. She was surprised that Jasmine wasn't on the scoreboard yet. 

Veronica was about to go for supper when Lorraine, one of her employees, came to her and said, "We have a thief." 

"In the act or already caught?" Veronica asked. 

"Already caught," Lorraine said. 

"How old is she?" Veronica asked. 

"Eighteen," Lorraine answered, knowing Veronica's interest in young girls, having been turned by her herself a couple of years ago. 

"Cute?" 

"Chubby, but cute," Lorraine nodded. 

"Delicious," Veronica smiled, deciding she may have to have supper in. "Is she already in the detention room?" 

"Of course," Lorraine nodded. 

"Great," Veronica said. "What did she steal?" 

"A scarf," Lorraine answered. 

"Really?" Veronica asked, shaking her head. 

"Yeah, she said it was part of a dare," Lorraine explained. 

"All right," Veronica nodded. "You'll take over here." 

"Of course," Lorraine agreed, before adding, "she is already a mess." 

"Perfect," Veronica nodded as she walked to the detention room and entered. 

The chubby petrified girl pleaded, "Please, ma'am, don't call the cops. I'm so sorry." 

Veronica closed the door and demanded, "ID, young lady." 

The girl went to her small purse and pulled out her wallet and handed the woman her ID. 

Veronica read it. She was a senior in high school, at the same school as her daughter no less, and her name was Becky. "So Becky, why did you try to steal from me?" 

Becky answered, tears still in her eyes, "It was a dare, ma'am." 

"By whom?" Veronica asked. 

"Friends," Becky admitted, thinking how dumb it was now and how the cheerleaders who had her do it were obviously just setting her up and not actually trying to be friends. God, she was so gullible. 

"You need better friends," Veronica said, before adding, "Now, stand up." 

Becky obeyed, praying this woman would have mercy on her. She continued her pleading, "I've never done this before, ma'am." 

Veronica walked over to her. "I need to check that you don't have any more of my product, young lady," she said. 

"I don't," Becky replied. "I promise." 

"I need to be sure," Veronica said, as she reached up and squeezed the eighteen year old's large breasts. 

"Ma'am, please don't," Becky gasped, shocked that she was suddenly being felt up. 

"Shut up, thief," Veronica ordered firmly, as she swiftly pulled the sweatshirt up and over the chubby girl's head. 

"W-w-what are you doing?" Becky stammered. 

Veronica sighed, "I told you to shut up, thief. I need to make sure you don't have any more of my property hidden on you somewhere." 

"I don't," Becky repeated, in shock at what was happening. 

Veronica repeated, as she quickly unclasped the bra, "Now shut up and let me make sure you're not lying to me." 

Becky went to cover her breasts as the bra was tossed aside and Veronica ordered, "Arms above your head." 

"Please, ma'am," Becky pleaded, tears beginning to stream again. "This is very inappropriate." 

"Stealing from me is criminal," Veronica responded. "Do you want me to call the cops right now?" 

"N-n-no," Becky stammered, tears now streaming down her face again. 

"Then stand still and let me search you," Veronica ordered, as she again cupped the young girl's massive tits, pulling them apart to see examine the massive canyon between the two. 

Becky couldn't believe she was being felt up. It was obvious there was nothing between her tits. Yet, she didn't want to go to jail. 

Veronica spent a good minute cupping and groping the huge tits before she said, "Nothing here." 

"Can I go now?" Becky asked, mortified by both her reckless actions and the reality she was being felt up. 

"God, no," Veronica said. "I need to check everywhere." 

The store owner dropped to her knees and lifted up the skirt of the chubby girl. 

"Ma'am, no!" Becky again gasped. 

Veronica said, "Just stand still. I need to make sure you aren't hiding anything where the sun don't shine." 

"Please no," Becky begged, as she felt the older woman's hands pull down her panties. 

"Look, if I don't find anything, you can go after you pay your repentance," Veronica said, already planning to have the girl munch on her pussy to get a second turn. 

"Repentance?" Becky asked. 

"Yes, you need to pay for your wrong actions so you can learn from your mistake," Veronica said, as she moved her finger to the girl's pussy. 

"What are you doing?" Becky asked, never having had anyone touch her there before. 

"Making sure you didn't hide anything in this hairy cunt of yours," Veronica answered. 

"I would never," Becky began to say and then stopped as a finger slid inside her. Her legs buckled slightly as she involuntarily moaned at the pleasure she was suddenly feeling during the awkward interrogation. 

"Your pussy is incredibly tight," Veronica said, as her finger wiggled inside the chubby girl, wondering if she had found an eighteen year old virgin. 

"Please, stop," Becky protested, even though the pleasure felt amazing. 

Veronica said, "I really can't get a good feel of your pussy like this. Please get up on the table and spread your legs." 

"Ma'am, this is wrong," Becky said, as the finger left her suddenly wet pussy. 

"Stealing is wrong," Veronica said, as she stood up. "I have every right to search you for any other stolen items, unless you want me to call the cops." 

"No, I don't," Becky said. "But I promise you there is nothing in my vagina." 

"We are almost done, young lady," Veronica said. "Just sit up on the table so I can do a thorough search." 

"Then we will be done?" Becky asked. 

"Almost," Veronica lied. 

Becky got onto the table and spread her legs. She couldn't believe she was topless and panty-less in front of a stranger with her legs spread. 

Veronica moved between the chubby woman's legs, checking out those massive tits one more time, before sliding a finger back inside the young girl's cunt. 

As the older woman wiggled her finger around, searching for something that wasn't in there, Becky was in awe of how good it felt. Other than her own fingers, nothing had been inside her and somehow it felt much different, much better when someone else was doing the fingering. She couldn't believe she was beginning to enjoy the molestation. 

Veronica could just sense the girl was a virgin and deciding to forever change her life, she found the girl's g-spot and began tapping it. 

"Oooooooooooooh," Becky moaned, as an intense pleasure hit her. 

"Are you okay?" Veronica asked. 

"Your finger," Becky tried to explain, as the tapping continued. 

"My finger what?" Veronica questioned, enjoying watching the young girl's confusion. 

"It feels, it um, oh God," the chubby girl babbled, as she suddenly could only focus on the pleasure that was now coursing through her, an orgasm undeniably about to erupt. 

Veronica leaned down and licked the young girl's pussy while tapping on her g-spot, which, as expected, triggered the young girl's orgasm. 

"Ooooh God!" Becky moaned loudly as her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave, the pleasure of the finger and the sudden tongue too much for her. 

"Are you coming?" Veronica asked, pretending to be shocked. 

"I'm s-s-sorry," Becky weakly said, as she fell onto her back on the table, as the greatest pleasure in her young life continued to riddle her, causing her entire body to twitch and moan. 

Veronica pulled her finger out of the still coming girl, took off her skirt, climbed onto the table and straddled the pretty girl's face. "Now earn your repentance." 

Becky opened her eyes and saw a pussy directly above her. 

"Get licking," Veronica ordered, thrilled that she had regained the lead in the turning race. She wished she would have suggested that a complete virgin counted as two. 

Becky, her orgasm still pulsing through her, figured she had no choice as she lifted her head up slightly and began licking. 

"That's it, lick my cunt," Veronica moaned, already thinking she wanted to be her first fuck too. 

Becky obeyed not out of eagerness, but necessity. The taste was intriguing, but she wasn't a lesbian. 

Veronica noticed after a couple of minutes that the young girl didn't have the eagerness that most new pussy pleasers had and decided to just use the girl's face. She lowered her pussy onto the thief's face and began grinding, rubbing her pussy back and forth. 

Becky felt her face get full of wetness as she tried to lick the pussy that was now almost suffocating her. She felt humiliated at being used so roughly and yet a small part of her couldn't deny she liked the taste. 

Veronica ground on the chubby girl's face for a couple of minutes until her orgasm was building. She then reached behind the girl's head and lifted it up so she could really fuck the girl's face. 

Becky continued licking as best she could until suddenly she felt her face coated with wetness as if being hit by a shower being turned on full force. 

"I'm coming," Veronica declared, as she came all over the girl's face. 

Once her orgasm was done, she got off the dazed girl's face and off the table. Veronica ordered, "Just lie there," as she went to her small closet and grabbed her strap-on cock excited to take the young girl's virginity. 

"What are you doing?" Becky questioned, sitting up. 

"Finishing the interrogation," Veronica answered, as she put the strap-on around her waist. 

"What is that?" Becky asked, confused. 

"A cock," Veronica answered, walking back to the chubby girl. 

"Stand up and bend over the table," Veronica demanded. 

"W-w-what are you going to do with that?" Becky stammered. 

Veronica asked, "Are you a virgin?" 

"Yes," Becky admitted, suddenly realizing the older woman's intent. Part of her was shocked at the thought this older woman wanted to fuck her, yet another part of her was still incredibly horny and wanted to find out what it felt like to be fucked. 

"Time to change that," Veronica declared, as she helped the stunned teen off the table and back onto her feet. Veronica moved her around like she was a rag doll until she was bent over the table. 

"Ma'am, this is wrong," Becky protested, although it was weak as her pussy burned with the anticipation of getting fucked... finally. She had fantasized about it for a long time, but no guy had paid that much attention to her. 

"If you still feel that way in one minute I will stop," Veronica said, as she slid her cock inside the big butted girl's pussy. 

"Oooooooh," Becky moaned, as the cock filled her pussy, bringing yet another new pleasure to her body. 

"You like that, thief?" Veronica questioned, as she began fucking the chubby girl from behind. 

"Oh, God," Becky replied, as her head spun again with the intensity of the pleasure. 

"I'll take that as a yes," Veronica laughed, as she fucked the thief hard, enjoying hearing the whimpers of the virgin. 

Becky just stood there, bent over, enjoying the fucking she was receiving. She had imagined losing her virginity many times, but never like this. Yet, the feeling was even more amazing than she could have imagined. 

As Veronica fucked the thief, hearing the moaning, whimpering and huffing of the chubby girl, she warned, "One more place to check." 

Becky didn't understand the words as her second orgasm increased rapidly, but she did when she felt a finger fill her asshole. She yelped at the sudden violation of her asshole and the slight burn that filled it, yet somehow this enhanced the pleasure of the fucking. 

"Oh yeah, you little thief, I bet you would love this cock in your asshole," Veronica purred. 

"Please no," Becky whimpered, as her orgasm was close to eruption. 

"You're about to come from having my finger in your ass, you little slut," Veronica pointed out, as she pounded her cunt while fingering her ass. 

"Oh shit," the thief moaned, as she closed her eyes again and allowed the pleasure that was consuming her to take over. 

"You little slut," Veronica accused, stopping just before the orgasm was about to hit the thief. 

"Don't stop," Becky pleaded, her orgasm so close. 

"You want to come from getting fucked by a woman while I'm sodomizing your asshole with my finger?" Veronica asked, wiggling the finger. 

"God, yes," Becky admitted, desperate to come at all costs. 

"Tell me what you want," Veronica demanded, loving when the new submissive breaks completely... lust overriding logic. 

"To come," Becky whined, her orgasm so close she could taste it. 

"Beg," Veronica ordered. 

"Please, fuck me, ma'am," Becky begged. 

"That's all you have?" Veronica questioned, bucking her hips hard once. 

"Aaaaaaaah, oh God, please fuck my cunt with your cock while fingering my fat ass," Becky begged, willing to say anything to get the orgasm that was brimming just under the surface. 

"As you wish," Veronica purred, resuming fucking the chubby thief hard, while simultaneously reaming her ass with her finger. 

"Oh yes, yes, fuck me like a cheap slut," Becky babbled, loving the rough treatment, loving having someone who wanted to fuck her regardless of how it happened. 

Veronica kept pounding the thief for another few strokes before the inevitable happened. 

"Yesssss, fuck!" Becky screamed, and Veronica was thankful the room was sound proof for this very reason. 

Veronica fucked the girl throughout her second orgasm before sliding out, roughly pushing the orgasming girl to her knees, and shoving the cock in her mouth. "Clean up my cock from your slut juice, thief." 

Becky had no choice as her face was roughly fucked with the fake cock, and she tasted her cum for the first time. 

Veronica pulled out a minute later and said, "I believe you, you didn't steal anything else." 

Becky, weak and spent, looked up at her and asked, with a smile on her face for the first time this entire encounter, "You sure? Maybe you should check one more time." 

Veronica laughed as she went to her phone to update the score, "I think I may have created a monster." 

Scorecard: 

Veronica: 2 

Carol: 1 

Crystal: 1 

Portia: 1 

Jasmine: 0 

The End. 

Coming Next: Turning Contest: Drunk Bday Girl 

(We meet the final member of the contest Jasmine, who seduces a girl at a dance club on her 21st birthday)