 Summary: Casting agent seduces sexy 19-year-old straight girl. 

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion. 

Thanks to 2: Robert, goamz86, and Wayne for editing this story. 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and woman. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four woman's submissive 18-year-old daughters. 

Note: This series is based on a few things: 

a) Quick seductions (Each story will likely be under 5000 words... give or take); these are sex stories and thus lacking the detailed character development I often have. 

b) Some are inspired by the Japanese molestation videos that are so popular in Japan. 

c) This will be, if people enjoy them, a multi chaptered series about five women who seduce straight women. 

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the third seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far. 

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store. 

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid. 

Turning Contest: A Delicious Model 

Seductress 3: Ms. Portia James 

Portia was horny and excited. The idea of a 'turning contest', a term she had come up with, was super exciting. She knew it would be a challenge to win, Veronica and Jasmine both being amazing seductresses and Crystal couldn't be ignored either. Carol, on the other hand, was a submissive and not a real threat. 

Yet, Portia was casting for an upcoming movie starring Matt Damon when she got the update that Veronica had a turn already. 

A couple of the actresses Portia had met so far were hot as hell, but way too famous to try and turn. Odds were they had already munched a fair amount of cunt to get where they are. It was 2016 and munching pussy to get ahead was as common as sucking dick. 

That is why Portia never had a shortage of young up and coming starlets to crawl between her legs and eat her out. It was also why she thought this contest would be an easy victory and the idea of having her four best friends' daughters as her personal playthings was way too delicious not to play to win. 

So Portia was happy she had purposely kept the last casting call for a young model attempting to break into the movie business. 

Emily, Portia's secretary and regular pussy pleaser, brought the nineteen year old into her office. 

Portia smiled as she checked out her next prey: a beautiful tall brunette, with long legs encased in black nylons, wearing five inch heels, and a black dress that showed every curve... including her small perky breasts. 

Camelia was incredibly nervous. She had only been modeling for a year, in commercials, and this was her first movie audition. This could be her big break. Although commercials paid okay, she wanted to be a movie star. 

Portia stood up and greeted her politely, "Good afternoon, I'm Portia Bending." 

"Hi, I'm Camelia Carter," Camelia smiled back. Her real last name was Italian, D'Ambrosio, but she changed her last name to something simple and liked the idea of using alliteration which, to her, sounded sexier. 

"Nice to meet you," Portia smiled, as she was already assessing her prey. 

"You too," Camelia replied, immediately feeling comfortable with this woman. 

"Please, take a seat," Portia instructed, offering her a seat across from her desk. 

"Thank you," Camelia replied, thinking she would have worn something a little less sexy if she had known the casting agent was a female. She had already learned that showing skin and being flirty were crucial elements of getting gigs. 

After a few minutes of generic questions, Portia's cell buzzed and she gasped as she saw that Carol, the submissive in the group, already had a turn. 

Deciding they'd had enough generic chat, she needed to get a turn, Portia asked, "So why movies?" 

Camelia was surprised by the question, but answered, "It's always been my dream." 

"It's an ugly business," Portia warned. 

"I understand," Camelia nodded. "But it is the final frontier." 

"You have to be willing to do anything to get ahead," Portia continued. 

"I'm very determined," Camelia said, even though she was beginning to feel less confident as the older woman was clearly not impressed by her lack of experience. 

"You understand this role has nudity, don't you?" Portia revealed, which wasn't true, but the young model didn't know that... and she knew the director well enough to convince him to add a nude scene if need be (he loved being pegged and Portia loved to peg him... she loved the role reversal and, quite frankly, loved having a cock. Sometimes she wondered how come she wasn't born a man). 

"Really?" Camelia asked, not sure she was willing to do that. 

"It's a sex scene with Matt Damon," Portia lied, although that too could be arranged. 

On the other hand, Camelia may be ready for that. "Oh." 

"Every actress competing for this role must be comfortable with her body and being filmed nude," Portia continued, confident she was reeling her in. 

"Um, okay," Camelia said, tentatively, hating the idea of her small breasts being revealed to the world. It was obvious she had small breasts, but at least push-up bras and a variety of outfits could make it look like she had more than she did. 

Portia continued, knowing she had to attack aggressively, and ordered, "Stand up." 

Camelia obeyed, even though she was wondering if she was getting in over her head. 

"Take off your dress, Camelia," Portia instructed. 

Camelia hesitated as she wondered if this was what she wanted. The opportunity to be in a movie with Matt Damon was exciting; the idea of a love scene with Matt Damon was also exciting; yet, the idea of being nude now, nude in front of a movie crew and nude on the big screen was rather nerve-wracking. 

Portia saw the trepidation in the young woman's eyes. She had seen this look many times and almost always her next words were enough to push the young woman to undressing. "I don't mean to pressure you and I understand how nervous you must be, but I can't recommend you to the casting manager if you are not willing to undress." 

"It's just, I've never done this before," Camelia explained, still nervous and unsure. 

Portia stood up and walked over to her. Standing in front of the young woman she asked, really wanting to have this gorgeous girl buried between her legs, "Would it make you more comfortable if I undressed too?" 

This surprised Camelia. "What? Um, I don't know." 

"You must have been seen by many models naked?" Portia asked as she unbuttoned her own blouse not waiting for an answer. 

"Yeah," Camelia nodded, thinking hundreds of women had seen her small tits before, as she watched the agent unbutton her blouse thinking this was very unorthodox. 

"Well, this isn't any different," Portia explained. "It's just two women naked." 

Camelia considered this. It was true, she had no problem being naked in the change room with models or even in the gym shower with strangers. Yet, somehow she knew this was different. She said, unsure what to say or do next, as the casting agent's blouse was open, showing a black lace bra, "I suppose." 

Portia continued, taking her blouse off, "It's now or never, Camelia. I have seen a dozen women today. All of them would fit the role fine, but you, there is something about you that intrigues me." 

"There is?" Camelia asked, drawn into the older woman's words. 

"Yes, you have that perfect mixture of innocent and sexy that the script requires," Portia flattered, although she wasn't lying. The young woman was so cute, so innocent and yet hot as hell and likely a complete submissive. 

"I do?" Camelia asked, insecure and nervous. 

"Yes, but I need to see your body to confirm my assessment," Portia said, as she unclasped her bra and revealed her big 34C tits which were large for her very thin frame. 

Camelia couldn't help but stare at the older woman's large breasts, which were more than double her own 32A breasts. She gasped in awe (no model she worked with had breasts even close to this big), as if staring into headlights, "Those are big!" 

"Too big," Portia said, even though they had been one of the major reasons she got this job, among others... men loved big tits and Portia had no problems letting men see and play with them. 

"I can't imagine," Camelia said, having wished hers were bigger her entire life. 

"Let me see yours, my dear," Portia said softly. 

Camelia asked, no longer seeing any reason to not show hers too, "Can you unzip me?" 

"Sure, my dear," Portia nodded, as the seduction continued. The young woman turned around and Portia slowly unzipped the black dress. 

Camelia turned back around and allowed the dress to slide off her even as anxiety coursed through her. 

"Nice bra," Portia complimented as she took the initiative and reached around and unclasped it, allowing the young woman's small tits to be revealed. 

Camelia was surprised when the older woman leaned in and unclasped her bra as the woman's large tits briefly pressed against her. 

Portia took longer than necessary to unclasp the young woman's bra, wanting her big breasts to lean against the prey and also allow her hot breath to tease the bewildered young woman. When the bra was unclasped, she moved back, tossed the bra onto her desk, and said, "Those are perfect perky tits." 

"They are almost non-existent," Camelia sighed, looking down at her relatively flat chest. 

"They are model breasts," Portia pointed out, before adding, "and you have some hard sexy nipples, which are perfect for the sex scene." 

"They get hard very easily," Camelia lied. Truth was she had no idea why her nipples were hard, but usually they only got hard when sucked on. 

"Mine don't," Portia said. "They need to be sucked on." 

Camelia couldn't explain it, but hearing those words, a small part of her wanted to lean forward and suck on those big nipples. 

Camelia watched in strange awe as the older woman casually took off her skirt to reveal two surprises: 

The older woman was wearing a garter-belt and stockings, and she wasn't wearing any panties. 

Portia continued, looking down at the model's long legs encased in pantyhose and saying, as she pulled down her skirt, "For the record, pantyhose are out, my dear. It's either thigh highs or garter-belt and stockings." 

Camelia just said, "Oh," to the words of the older woman, still shocked that she was staring at a pussy... a hairy pussy. Every girl she worked with was completely shaved. It was actually the very first thing her agent insisted on before her first photo shoot. 

Portia acted as if it was no big deal that her pussy was in clear view as she moved around the young woman and said, "Shit, you have an amazingly tight ass." 

"Thanks," Camelia said, knowing she did indeed have an amazing ass. 

Portia moved her hands to the pantyhose clad ass and gave it a firm squeeze. "Shit, I wish my ass was this tight." 

Camelia's eyes went wide at the sudden feeling of hands on her ass as she was touched by the older woman. 

When the young woman didn't protest, as Portia was confident she wouldn't, she moved her hand around, slid it inside the young girl's silky pantyhose and to her panties in one quick strike. 

Camelia let out a surprised moan at both the shock of what was happening and the spark of pleasure that coursed through her at being touched so intimately. 

Portia purred, as she kissed the young model's neck, "Your pussy is wet, my dear." 

Camelia knew it was and didn't know why. Yet, she protested even though she didn't move, continuing to allow her pussy to be touched outside her damp panties, "Ma'am, please, this is wrong." 

"Your pussy disagrees with you," Portia pointed out, as her finger slid past the panties and moved directly to the wet pussy. 

"Oooooh," Camelia moaned, as the finger parted her pussy lips, her head going light. She knew she should move away, take the finger out of her pussy, but she didn't... and she didn't know why. 

"Just let go, my dear," Portia whispered, as she continued kissing the back of her prey's neck. 

"Oh God," Camelia whimpered, the hot breath on her neck, mixed with the finger teasing her pussy making her a confused mess. She wasn't a lesbian and had refused more than a few advances by fellow models who almost all seemed to be either lesbians or at the very least bi. Yet, she hadn't ever been interested in other women before, but at this moment she was no longer sure that was still the case. 

"You like that, my dear?" Portia asked, as she moved to the model's ear and tugged on it with her teeth. 

"Ma'am, I, oh," Camelia whimpered, trying to regain control of the situation, even though she couldn't think straight. "Please, stop." 

"You sure?" Portia asked, as her finger slid slightly inside the young woman, as far as it could in her current awkward position. 

"Ooooh, God," Camelia trembled, as her pussy was invaded. 

"How bad do you want this part, Camelia?" Portia asked, as she moved around slowly to face the pretty model, all the while keeping her finger inside the wet box. 

"Badly," Camelia answered the question, as the finger went deeper inside her, creating new pleasure. 

Portia leaned in and kissed the dazed and horny young woman. Portia knew some of her friends tended to be very aggressive in their seductions and Portia could be too, but while her friends were also dominant in their seductions and relationships with their submissive lovers, Portia liked to give and receive, to enjoy the intimacy that only two women could give each other. Sure she had been with men, lots and lots of men, although more times than not a blow job or a tit job got the job done (although she was willing to give up her pussy or ass when need be as she climbed the ladder to the position she was currently in), but she preferred women. 

"And are you willing to do whatever it takes to get the part?" Portia asked, as she explored inside Camelia's pussy searching for the g-spot. 

"Yes," Camelia moaned loudly, as a sudden wave of pleasure hit her when the older woman found her elusive, never before reached, g-spot. 

Portia tapped on the g-spot, knowing that almost no man and even very few women could find the g-spot. Because of her gift for finding it, many women came back for more and thus Portia was never short of eager women to please her. That said, she loved adding new women to her list, the thrill of the chase its own erotic reward. 

"Have you ever eaten pussy?" Portia asked, as she continued to tease the young woman, but refused to allow her to explode... she long ago knew driving a woman to the point of euphoria would have them doing things they never imagined doing. 

"Nooooo," Camelia answered, as her body completely gave into the pleasure. 

"But you're going to eat mine, aren't you?" Portia asked, as she suddenly stopped tapping the g-spot of the moaning prey. 

Camelia's orgasm was about to erupt and the sudden ceasing of her g-spot being tapped had her desperate. She answered before she even had time to process her words. "Yes." 

Portia pulled her finger out of the horny young girl, moved to her desk, hopped onto it, spread her legs wide and ordered, "Come and earn the part, Camelia." 

Camelia's eyes went big, even as frustration coursed through her. She was seconds away from coming and now she seemed held in this state of almost there. And as she looked at the older woman, legs spread, she knew this was the moment. Do as she was told and she would likely get a role in the new Matt Damon movie. Refuse and her acting career may be over before it started. 

Portia purred, as she parted her pussy lips, "I promise Camelia, once you get me off, I will finish what I started." 

Her pussy on fire, these were the words she needed to hear. A promise to have the orgasm that was bubbling just below the surface finally erupt. As she walked the few feet to the older woman, she was doing this no longer to get a part (although that was hopefully a fringe benefit of her first pussy eating experience), but to feel more of the pleasure the older woman gave her... pleasure she had never experienced before. Never in her life had she wanted to come more than she did now. 

Reaching her, Camelia paused, 'this is it', she thought to herself... 'the point of no return'. She knew that if she dropped to her knees and buried her face in the pussy in front of her, she was no better than the models she had resented who sucked cock or allowed themselves to be fucked to get gigs. She had always refused breaking her morals for a job... yet again... her body protested: this was about finally reaching the pleasure Portia had begun earlier, not about some job. 

Portia waited patiently. She loved watching the internal struggle live... a struggle that almost always ended with the prey between her legs. And she had learned that, almost without fail, once a woman tastes that first pussy, especially hers, there was no going back. A new door had been opened and there was no way she was going to close it. 

Camelia looked up into the smiling older woman's eyes and saw her give a slight nod and heard the whisper, "Go ahead, Camelia, you get me off and I will get you off." That seemed to be the last push she needed as Camelia lowered herself onto her knees, and slowly, tentatively, moved her face to the hairy pussy. 

As Camelia's face reached the pussy, she was shocked at how strong the scent was. It was indescribable... exotic... slightly fishy... sweet. A paradox of scents and yet that was the only way she could describe it. She then leaned forward and began licking. The hair was abundant and yet she found a path to the wetness and licked. 

Camelia's pussy leaked into her panties as she tasted her first pussy. She had no idea what one would taste like, but had assumed it would be real fishy as that was how her last boyfriend described it... yet that wasn't the taste at all. It was tangy and with the slightest scent of strawberries. 

Portia watched as the young girl's eyes got big as she began licking... the look of surprise and addiction mixed as one. She knew then that she had a new submissive if she needed one. 

Camelia lapped slowly, exploring the pussy with the eagerness and attentiveness of an explorer on an archelogy dig. She was completely captivated by the smell, the taste and just the act of pleasing. She licked every inch of the pussy; she flicked the swollen clit, which made the older woman moan loudly and she buried her nose in the pubic hairs that seemed to capture the full bouquet of the exotic, unique scent. 

Portia was impressed with the eagerness and thoroughness of the virgin pussy pleaser. She moaned, "You're a natural, Camelia." 

Camelia looked up and asked, keeping her face buried in heaven, "A natural what?" 

"Pussy pleaser," Portia answered, looking down at her. "I can't believe you have never munched on a cunt before." 

The words were ludicrous and nasty, yet they only seemed to enhance the wetness down below for the young first time pussy pleaser. Instead of being insulted or mortified, she was proud that she was getting a compliment. She began licking faster and with more aggression, now wanting to taste the full flood of the older woman's pussy juice... she wanted to make her come. 
