 Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Robert, Sophia, Tex Beethoven and Wayne for editing.

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's submissive 18-year-old daughters.

Note: This series is based on a few things:

a) Quick seductions (Each story will likely be under 5000 words... give or take); these are sex stories and thus lacking the detailed character development I often have.

b) Some are inspired by the Japanese molestation videos that are so popular in Japan.

c) This will be, if people enjoy them, a multi chaptered series about five women who seduce straight women.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the ninth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid. 

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent, PORTIA JAMES, seduces a cute nineteen year old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which a black professor, CRYSTAL WATSON, seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner, VERONICA STONE, molests an 18-year old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress, JASMINE JONES, molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Edible Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

Score after the first day:

Scorecard:
Jasmine: 3
Crystal: 2 
Veronica: 2
Carol: 1 
Portia: 1 

Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie

Portia awoke to the news that she was tied for last place with the submissive Carol. This didn't please her at all. That said, the casting agent was attending a movie gala that night which should open the door to many turn possibilities. But if Jasmine could get three turns in just a few hours, she was going to be tough to beat.

Deciding she needed something sexy for the gala, both a dress and something for underneath the dress, she worked out, had breakfast and headed to the mall.

Deciding to buy the lingerie for underneath the cocktail dress first, she went to Victoria's Secret. She knew she wanted a matching black bra, thong, garter-belt and stockings, all of which would complement the red cocktail dress she planned on buying.

Portia entered the store and although she hadn't been planning on turning anyone while she was here, the moment she saw a pretty, Mila Kunis lookalike sauntering towards her, she thought maybe she could hit two birds with one stone. Besides potentially getting a turn (what are the odds a Victoria's Secret saleswoman had not already experimented with the same sex?), she was looking for a body double for an upcoming sexually charged thriller starring Brad Pitt and the real Mila Kunis. 

Portia couldn't help but stare at the young woman who, as she got closer, looked more and more like she could be Mila's twin sister. 

Simone walked up to the older, but very pretty, woman and greeted, "Welcome to Victoria's Secret. May I assist you with anything?"

Portia looked at the nametag, Simone, and nodded, "I think you definitely can, Simone."

"What are you looking for?" Simone asked.

"Well, I'm attending a gala fundraiser tonight and I need to look utterly..." Portia paused for dramatic effect, an actress at heart, "...fuckable."

Simone smiled. She liked these rare entertaining customers who broke the mundanity of her job. "Well, we have many garments designed to assist you in reaching that precise goal, ma'am."

"Please, call me Portia," Portia said, always hating ma'am... an unwelcome reminder that she was old enough to be this girl's mother.

Simone asked, "Isn't Portia a princess in Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice?"

"Why yes she is," Portia nodded, impressed that the young woman knew that. "That said, my dad wanted to name me after the Porsche automobile, and Portia was simply my mother's compromise."

"Well, I love the name," Simone said, always liking unique names.

"Simone is a beautiful name," Portia complimented back. "It sounds sophisticated and sexy."

"Yeah," Simone laughed, "that's what I'm known for."

Portia moved directly in front of the adorable young saleswoman and scolded, "Don't you dare do that!"

"Do what?" Simone asked, startled by the woman's sudden shift in tone.

"Think you're not beautiful," Portia continued. "We have men, society, and magazines to do that to us."

Simone laughed, "So I should stop reading Cosmopolitan?"

"Definitely," Portia nodded. "Those magazines are toxic. They mean well, but in the end they only propagate the fallacy that men have been pushing for centuries... in order to be considered beautiful, women need to fit into a narrowly defined physical description (defined by men of course). Never mind our intelligence, our leadership abilities, our other positive attributes, we should just look a certain way. And if we fail to do so, we're considered unworthy... by ourselves as well as by others. Some of the top runway models in the world castigate their own looks, at least in private. It's like we're German shepherds being judged by the Kennel Club on our adherence to form."

"So says the woman getting all dressed up in lingerie for a gala," Simone countered teasingly.

"Who says I'm doing it for a man?" Portia quipped right back, opening the door to the turn she was hoping could happen.

"Oh," Simone said, surprised that this beautiful woman was a lesbian.

"What, have you never been with a woman?" Portia probed, throwing the question right out there.

"No," Simone admitted, again surprised by the shift in tone and conversation topic.

"You don't know what you're missing," Portia said, letting those words linger and hopefully marinate inside the pretty young saleswoman.

"Happiness," Simone joked back, having just been dumped from her relationship of six months with a man who had turned out to be a cheater. Although as the story unfolded, it was unclear who he had been cheating on, herself or his new girlfriend. He seemed to have had a so-called committed relationship with both for some time.

"Oh, not only that!" Portia smiled wickedly. "There is also a unique pleasure totally unavailable from any man, pure uninhibited pleasure."

"Oh my," Simone said back, thinking for the first time this older woman may be hitting on her.

"Trust me, only a woman can truly pleasure a woman," Portia said back, no longer being at all subtle with her intentions.

Simone suddenly felt uncomfortable and slightly confused, surprised that her pussy was tingling slightly. It had been a couple weeks since she had been fucked or had even touched herself down there, but even so.... And since she had been dumped instead of doing the dumping, she'd been feeling rather unattractive. She had never seen the other woman or even a picture, but she automatically assumed the new girlfriend was prettier and sexier than she was. She shook her head as she realized she was doing exactly what the customer had said... letting men make her feel insecure and unworthy. But enough about her, she had a job to do. So she asked, "What are you looking for?"

"Something that will have whoever unwraps me tonight drooling with lust," Portia responded.

"Well, that will certainly happen regardless of what you're wearing," Simone said, looking at the ridiculously beautiful woman, before she realized her words could be misconstrued to imply she found the woman sexually attractive... which she didn't think she did... did she?

"You're so sweet," Portia smiled, thinking this was going to be easier than she had feared. "But at this gala, I will be one of the oldest women there, and there will be dozens of younger versions of me with bigger tits, tighter asses, and longer legs. And most of them willing to do almost anything to be recognized or to stay in the spotlight."

"It sounds like a dog eat dog world out there," Simone joked.

"Or a pussy cat eat pussy cat world," Portia retorted, her wicked sexy smile back in place.

Simone blushed at the idea of lesbian sex, something she'd never seriously considered before, other than a couple of drunken kisses at a party a couple weeks ago when she'd been trying to get over the pain and humiliation of losing Ken by staring at the inside of a bottle. Again, enough about me; there's a gorgeous woman standing right in front of me and hitting on me. There was no doubt, she was completely intrigued and enthralled by this beautiful older woman, both by her body and her mind. 

Try to get your attention out, Simone. I think we were talking about pussy cats? "Well, let's make you impossible to resist, regardless of who is eating you." As soon as she said it, playing on the witty dialogue, she realized how it must have sounded, and she stammered, "I-I-I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it like that."

Portia shrugged, "Too bad, I kind of liked the idea that you were thinking of eating me."

Simone's already red face now burned towards crimson. That wasn't even remotely subtle. She tried to keep a good grip on her decorum as she said, "S-s-so, what colour is the dress you'll be wearing?"

"Red, like your cheeks," Portia teased, knowing she had the young lady on the ropes.

"Red heels too?" Simone asked, feeling incredibly embarrassed.

"Yes," Portia nodded.

"Stockings or bare legged?" Simone asked.

"Stockings," Portia replied before adding, approvingly looking at the young girl's black nylons, "going bare legged is disrespectful. It implies you're too lazy to even put in the effort to look good."

Simone thought the woman's words were self-contradictory since she said earlier she shouldn't care what men thought, but then she considered that maybe she was dressing up for a woman. This thought led to a gush in her panties, which confused her even more. Instead, she agreed with the opinion, because she had already said similar words to many people this past year, "Yes, I agree. Stockings are an essential part of any elegant ensemble."

"Exactly," Portia nodded. "We are a gift that needs to look as good on the outside as it does when it's unwrapped."

Simone laughed, as she spent hours choosing the right presents for friends and always made sure the wrapping was immaculate, so hearing the metaphor for sexuality was surreal and true. "I couldn't agree more."

"So, how are you going to dress me, Simone?"

Simone pictured herself in the role of a dresser, fastening a bra to the large, firm breasts of an otherwise nude Portia, then dismissed the dangerous vision hurriedly. "Well, if your dress is red, your nylons should be black," Simone said, unknowingly supporting exactly what Portia had already decided before coming into the store. 

"I couldn't agree more," Portia nodded. "Please go and find me the sheerest stockings you have, and a garter."

Simone nodded, in awe of this woman as she had been thinking the exact same thing, as she asked, "You like wearing a garter?"

"I either wear a garter and stockings or thigh highs; pantyhose is for the boardroom, or perhaps a bored room," Portia responded, lifting up her skirt to reveal the lace tops of her beige thigh high stockings. 

Simone didn't know why she did it, she wasn't even a little bit of an exhibitionist, but she lifted up her skirt to show she too was wearing thigh high stockings. "Me too."

"You are one sexy thing," Portia complimented.

"Thanks," Simone said, again blushing.

"So find me a matching bra and thong to go with it," Portia said, before adding, "although I may not actually use the thong."

"You're so bad," Simone smiled, feeling very comfortable with this woman. She studied her breasts for a moment and asked, "34C?"

"Impressive," Portia nodded.

"I know breasts," Simone said, always proud she could predict a size. She then realized what her words could mean and stammered, "I mean I can assess breast size really well."

"You are so adorable," Portia smiled, knowing she was going to soon have this pretty saleswoman between her legs.

"Uh, thanks," Simone agreed, her head spinning with all that was happening, "I'll go and grab you the items you requested."

"Thanks sweetie," Portia said, feeling she was well on her way to her second turn.

Simone found the items, feeling flustered at the conversation, and at the innuendos that had been dropping like warm honey, which was the same sweet consistency as her aroused pussy fluids. 'Stop it, Simone! Behave!' She was confident the woman was flirting with her and for the first time in her life she was questioning her own sexual orientation. That said, she was on duty and regardless of her sudden curiosity, she needed to maintain her professional decorum. 

Portia casually slid off her panties and put them in her purse. This seduction was proceeding very nicely, and providing easier access would accelerate the process.

Simone returned and said, "I think these will be perfect."

"I bet they will be," Portia said, taking the all black items. "Will you stay close by me? I want an honest opinion."

"Of course," Simone nodded. "I will be your personal assistant until you are satisfied."

"Ooo, nice! Can I get that in writing?" Portia purred as she went into a changing room.

'Oh my God' Simone thought to herself as she realized what she had just said. Why did everything she said this morning come out sounding submissive and dripping with innuendo? Dripping. She tried not to think of warm, sticky honey or gently raining pussies. Not thinking of an elephant would have been far easier.

Portia got undressed and once she was completely naked, she fastened the garter belt around her, then called out, "Simone, will you please come in here?"

"Yes, ma'am, I mean Portia," Simone said; customers often required assistance in the changing room, so this request was not unusual. 

Portia opened the door slightly and allowed Simone in. 

Simone entered and gasped. What she saw was unexpected, something she had never had happen before, a completely naked woman, well other than the garter-belt, which didn't hide a single thing. Her first thought was 'Holy shit' because the woman's big tits were still perfectly firm. Her second thought, as her eyes couldn't prevent themselves from travelling down the woman's body, pausing at her snatch, was that this woman was completely naked. Her third thought was this intriguing woman looked really good without clothing. Whoever unwrapped her tonight was in for a real treat!

Portia acted casual, even as she saw the stunned 'deer in the headlights' look of the pretty Mila Kunis lookalike. "Will you please assist me with the stockings? I hurt my back earlier and bending down that far is very painful," she lied.

"Um, yeah, sure, I guess," Simone replied, trying to act casual, but knowing her tension was very obvious. 

Portia handed the adorably cute young woman the stockings as she sat down on the bench in a surprisingly spacious room that included a mirror.

Simone took the stockings and lowered herself to her knees and found herself at eye level with the woman's hairy pussy. She shaved hers, but kept a tuft of hair above her pussy. She pondered, ever so briefly, the treasure hunt that would lead deep into the bush to find the motherlode of pink pussy buried beneath all that foliage. Returning to the task at hand, she rolled up one of the stockings in both hands as the older woman crossed her legs to make it easier to put the stocking on, while also hiding her pussy.

Portia watched the young lady looking so innocent, so cute and yet so ready to fall. Portia knew she could now have this young lady whenever she wanted her.

Simone placed the sheer silk stocking on the woman's foot and slowly rolled it up the ankle, calf and knee. 

Portia lifted her leg straight up in the air so the young submissive could finish rolling it up. 

Simone finished rolling the stocking up to the woman's thigh, feeling both excited and awkward, her head and loins swarming with feelings she had never felt before.

Portia then, like Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, slowly uncrossed her leg, allowing the dazed young woman to catch another glimpse of her pussy, before crossing them the other way.

Simone couldn't help it. She couldn't take her eyes off the woman, excited to see another glimpse of the woman's pussy. She was uncomfortably aware that she was being obvious, but she still couldn't control her gaze.

Once Portia had completed her leg crossing, achieved with studied casualness, Simone rolled the second stocking up the woman.

Once both were on, Portia stood up and asked, "Will you be a dear and fasten the clasps to the stockings for me?"

"Of course," Simone agreed, her hands trembling slightly as Portia turned gracefully around to showcase her amazing tight ass.

Simone fastened the back clasps on both of the woman's legs, and Portia glided back around, her pussy arriving mere inches from the young girl's dazed face.

Simone's eyes went big. She could smell just the slightest of exotic scents and wondered if that was the woman's pussy or if she sprayed perfume down there.

Simone attached the remaining two clasps to the stockings, the whole time wondering if this woman was going to try to make her eat her pussy. And if she did, would she comply? She had no answer to that question, a fact that rattled her even more.

Portia watched in seductress mode, recognising the young woman's tentative nature and of course her natural submissiveness. It was time. Portia asked, "Simone, does the ensemble look better with or without panties?"

"Definitely without," Simone said without hesitation, gazing raptly into the beautifully framed forest.

"Go ahead, my dear," Portia offered.

"What do you mean?" Simone asked, looking up from her subservient position.

"We both know you want to lick my pussy," Portia offered, reaching her hand to the back of the girl's head and guiding her to her pussy.

Simone wasn't positive that she did indeed want to lick this aromatic pussy. However she was dead certain that she was curious. Yet, the moment she felt Portia's hand touch the back of her head, all her thoughts, her hesitations, her confusion, her opinions about straight or gay, they all melted away and she willingly allowed her face to be guided in a direction that she dearly wanted to go. Dreamlike, she went with the flow and allowed her face to be led to this pussy and towards this exotic scent. Yes, it was undoubtedly the natural aroma of the compelling Portia's pussy. As she imagined she was approaching a forest glade, the scent became stronger, sheltered in the abundance of foliage, irresistibly drawing the young woman in. But as the hand at the back of her head ceased its impetus, she paused at the edge of the forest, not entering.

Portia kept her hand firmly behind the young girl's head, but didn't force it into her pussy. No, she wanted the last inch to be traversed with absolutely no coercion, but at the urging of a conscious decision made by the pretty girl. She whispered, "Go ahead, Simone. It's okay to lick me."
