 Summary: MILF seduces chubby cute girl at the beach.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Tex Beethoven, Wayne, Robert and Charles for editing this story.

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the tenth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which a black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7-Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an open all night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria's Secret saleswoman in a change room.

Score at 11:00 AM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Jasmine: 3

Crystal: 2

Portia: 2

Veronica: 2

Carol: 1

And now: Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday

Carol sighed as she drove to the beach and her phone binged. She saw that she was now all alone in last place. After achieving the second turn of the contest and briefly being tied for first place, she now saw herself in dead last. She knew her daughter Rose, who was a clear dominant, having been her mother's Mistress since she turned eighteen, would be livid if:

A) She knew about the contest.

B) Her mother lost the contest.

Carol's four friends in the contest were all natural predators, all with jobs giving them plenty of opportunities for young fresh pussy. Carol on the other hand, was a stay-at-home trophy wife and thus had a difficult time finding any young fresh pussy.

The fact she was naturally submissive in the bedroom also made it challenging, although she did occasionally enjoy power and subjecting others to her will... thus why she was an enigma not only to others, but to herself.

That said, there was no way in hell she was going to lose... she was incredibly determined when she had a competition to win. She had originally seduced her husband away from another girl in college because the girl had pissed her off. And then kept him. The fact he was handsome and rich didn't hurt.

So today she did what she did every Saturday... she went to the beach. There was nothing she enjoyed more than the beach. She loved everything about it.

She loved a crisp breeze in the morning and how it warmed as the day went on.

She loved watching the soothing waves crash again and again... a constant reminder of the fact that no matter how much the world changed... some things never did.

She enjoyed lying on the beach and getting a tan.

She enjoyed checking out guys in shorts or speedos (the rare time they were worn by men who should wear them) and she enjoyed being checked out by them... constant validation that she was still beautiful stroked her shallow ego.

She also enjoyed checking out teens in bikinis and today she was determined to get her second turn.

She sat down on a beach chair and perused the scenario... both the beautiful natural scene of the sand and ocean and the equally beautiful scene of hot men and women sauntering around in next to nothing.

What she didn't know was how to seduce a complete stranger.

She sighed as she looked around for a potential target.

Most girls were with their boyfriends, their parents or a group of friends... reducing the number of her potential targets and thus making any attempt at a seduction even more challenging.

It was then she noticed a girl sitting alone reading a book. She was chubby, but in a bikini that was incredibly flimsy, barely seeming to hold in her massive tits.

Carol couldn't deny it... she loved tits... especially large natural ones like these... unlike her own fake ones. She admired the girl for twenty minutes as she just read. She seemed to be here alone. She seemed to want to attract attention since she was wearing such a nonexistent bikini, although she hadn't looked up the entire time so that might be an unfair assumption. Dressing sexy doesn't make you easy.

Then, finally, the girl stood up. Carol stared at the massive tits that were even more spectacular when displayed on an upright torso.

The girl walked towards Carol and past her towards the washroom.

Carol had no idea how she planned to do it... but she was going to suck on those tits. She got up and followed, feeling a rush of adrenaline at the idea she was about to try and seduce a complete stranger.

The girl entered the washroom and Carol followed her in. The girl was looking in the mirror as she put sun lotion on her arms.

Carol summoned some courage and blurted, "Do you need any assistance?"

"Pardon?" the girl asked, startled.

"You have such light skin," Carol came up with. "I would hate for your back to burn."

"Oh thanks," she said, as she handed Carol the bottle, unable to reach her back.

Carol took the lotion, squirted much more than needed into her hands and then generously and slowly massaged the lotion onto the girl's back. She said, "I'm Carol, by the way."

"I'm Tabitha," the chubby girl replied.

"Nice to meet you," Carol said.

"You too," Tabitha said, enjoying the feeling of soft hands on her back. Although there was nothing sexual about this, it did feel nice.

"Do you often come to the beach alone?" Carol asked, making up small talk as she tried to make this physical interaction last as long as possible.

"Sometimes," Tabitha answered, the truth being she loved being alone and just getting drawn into a good book on a nice sunny day.

"Me too," Carol said. "There is nothing more beautiful than a summer day at the beach."

"I completely agree," Tabitha said, enjoying having someone who agreed with her for a change. Her mother said the beach was a waste of time and for slackers... which drove her nuts since she was done with her first year of college and had a 4.0 GPA.

Carol reached over and got more lotion before she lathered her hands and lowered herself to her knees.

Tabitha was about to say something when Carol said, "This is where you're most likely to burn, Tabitha. We always forget the back of our legs."

"I guess we do," Tabitha agreed, although she usually didn't lather up the back of her legs as she never laid on her stomach at the beach... her fat ass not something she ever showcased.

"By the way," Carol said, just playing this by feel and sensing a girl Tabitha's size would be insecure about her weight, "I hope this isn't too forward, but you have a great ass."

Tabitha was shocked by the compliment, as she realized she had an older woman, or not that old really, likely her mother's age, on her knees, her face inches from her ass. Yet not used to getting compliments, she rebutted, "The boys don't think so."

"Let me guess: they call you fat ass," Carol said, realizing this seduction may hinge on seductive sympathy.

"Among other things," Tabitha admitted, "lard butt is another," as she thought of the many different names she had been called, none of them terms you could misinterpret as anything but mean.

"That's just cruel and not even true. I used to have an ass like this in high school," Carol said, which was true. She'd gotten slim in college.

"Really?" Tabitha asked, as Carol stood back up.

Carol said, "Oh yes, college was where I blossomed."

"I wish," Tabitha sighed.

"How old are you?" Carol asked.

"Nineteen," Tabitha answered before for some reason adding, "today."

"Well, happy birthday," Carol said, standing and pulling the teen into her arms for a hug.

Tabitha was surprised by the hug... her mother never hugged her... other than an awkward hug during an equally awkward 'Be the Change Day' that had been peremptory and had changed nothing. She realized she hadn't been hugged in years.

Carol noticed how stiff Tabitha was and said, "Just let go my girl, you're a beautiful young woman."

Tabitha did just that... allowing the warmth of the hug to consume her.

"So what are you doing for your birthday?" Carol asked when she broke the hug.

"Reading," she said.

"Alone?" Carol asked.

"Yep," Tabitha answered, realising her simple day alone for her birthday was pathetic.

"We can't have that," Carol declared.

"What?"

"I'm going to give you the best present ever," Carol announced.

"You don't even know me," she said.

"I know that I have a daughter who is eighteen and I wouldn't want her to spend her nineteenth alone," Carol said, taking her hand.

"But where will you find a present for me around here unless it's just a snow cone or something?" Tabitha asked, falling into the web of attention she seldom got.

Carol leaned in, taking the risk, and kissed her.

Tabitha's eyes went wide. She had never kissed a girl. The three boys she had kissed so far had all been really aggressive and rough... but this was different. She knew she should break the kiss, she wasn't a lesbian, this woman was old enough to be her mother, yet it felt so nice... so tender... so intimate.

When Tabitha didn't push her away, Carol kept kissing the teen... sensing a soft, tender seduction was the way to get this teen between her legs, and more excitingly getting to be between hers.

The kiss only lasted thirty seconds or so but it felt like an eternity for Tabitha, who was confused and stimulated... as a gush of wetness leaked into her bikini bottom. She was a heavy flooder when she came and also leaked a lot whenever she got horny. Although she was chubby and nerdy, she had a high sex drive and owned a dozen different toys she used, depending on her mood. Back at her dorm she had even saved enough money to buy a Sybian which had become her go to friend with benefits, but she couldn't take that on a plane or to her parents' house. Alas, she had been stuck with a vibrator during the summer, which just didn't do it anymore.

Carol gently led the dazed teen into the large handicap stall in the corner, closed the door, locked it, pushed Tabitha gently against the wall and resumed kissing her.

Tabitha's head was spinning.

This was wrong.

This was risky.

Anyone could walk in at any moment... in truth she couldn't recall a time the washroom had ever been empty this long.

Yet, it felt right.

It felt good.

The tenderness consumed her.

The intimacy weakened her.

So when Carol's hands moved to her wet bikini bottom, Tabitha didn't protest, didn't push the hand away... she allowed the older woman to touch her... down there.

Carol slowly traced her fingers over the girl's pussy lips through the thin bikini fabric, wanting to tease this teen until she was ready to do just about anything to come.

"Oh, God," Tabitha moaned, breaking the kiss as her body was taking control.

"I'm going to give you the best birthday present ever, Tabitha," Carol offered, as she kissed the teen's neck. "Do you want that?"

"I-I-I don't know," Tabitha stammered, her mind turning to mush as moral dignity seemed to fade as the tempting teasing increased.

"I think you do," Carol purred as she tugged at the thin strings holding up the bikini bottom.

"It's just..." Tabitha began as she felt her bikini bottom fall away.

"It's just what?" Carol asked, as she was about to dine on fresh ripe pussy.

"I've never done anything like this before," Tabitha admitted, although she would be lying if she said she wasn't a little bi-curious. Most of her fantasies were of getting spit-roasted by cocks, the idea of two at once her ultimate fantasy, but of late she had been having the odd fantasy of doing vague things with her ethics professor, she wasn't sure what to visualise except her professor was naked, which she knew was rather ironic... which is partly what made right now so hot.

"Well, you have had your pussy eaten, right?" Carol asked, moving directly in front of the inviting pussy... which still had all its natural hair... a rarity in today's times... but something Carol enjoyed. The scent of a woman was a beautiful exotic delicacy in her mind, and it was captured best by a nice growth of pubic hair.

"Yes," she admitted, "but never by a girl," and thought to herself, and never to completion.

"Well, it's time to change that, birthday girl," Carol said, as she extended her tongue and began to forge a pathway to the teen twat nestled within the bush.

"Oooooooh," Tabitha moaned, the minute the tongue made contact. It had been at least four months since she had been intimate with anyone, and this felt better than the previous time. Carol seemed to know all the secrets of pleasing a woman.

"You taste delicious," Carol said immediately after a single taste, knowing that many girls were insecure about their taste... many men disparaging a woman's taste as gross or fishy. First, she loved the taste of fish. Second, every pussy had a slightly different taste, making each new pussy a unique new treat.

"I do?" Tabitha asked, having never been told that.

"Scrumptious," Carol purred, as she slowly licked the teen, wanting to enjoy the tantalizing taste but also to build up an orgasm this young girl would never forget.

"Oh, God," Tabitha moaned, the feeling of getting her pussy licked amazing... the fact it was happening like this somehow enhancing the pleasure.

For a couple of minutes... maybe more... Carol lavishly licked the teen pussy... slowly building the teen's orgasm... while Tabitha closed her eyes and just allowed it to happen. Just allowed the stranger to pleasure her.

Suddenly as Tabitha's orgasm was just cresting over the horizon, the door opened and two girls walked in, chatting about two hot boys on the volleyball court.

Tabitha's eyes went wide.

Carol kept licking... the thrill of doing it with others obliviously nearby turned her on. She had munched on pussies in dozens of risky locations and only been caught twice.

She had eaten her senior English teacher in her classroom and kept licking when the principal came in to chat with her; she had eaten Veronica in her store under the front desk while she serviced customers (this she still did monthly); she'd been required to go down on her daughter in a Victoria's Secret changing room with a dozen people outside (not that she minded, she loved being her daughter's pet even when things got edgy); she'd gotten foot rubbed to orgasm by the always devious Jasmine at a charity gala with her husband sitting right beside her; she had gone down for over an hour on Portia, another casting agent while simultaneously doing popular movie star Nicole Kopper at a five star restaurant; and once had tasted Crystal's chocolate treat under her podium while she lectured commando in a short skirt.

She had once been devouring a mid-fifties black woman in first class when they were busted by the stewardess, but the confident black woman officiously waved 'the help' off and she finished pleasing her; she was also caught once in a bathroom at a fancy restaurant licking Veronica's tasty twat when the door was opened by a teenage girl... oh dear... but Veronica just grabbed her head and she kept licking while Veronica invited the teen girl, who was there for her 18th birthday, in for an orgasm... which gave the competitive cunt-hungry MILF an idea for today.

Tabitha wanted her to stop... she didn't want to get caught; yet she also wanted the seductress to continue... the pleasure was too good.

"You could practically see how big his cock was in that suit," one girl said.

"He'd rip you in half," the other girl giggled, as Carol aggressively slid a finger inside the teen, wanting to get caught and perhaps add a second or even a third pussy all in one sitting.

Tabitha let out a loud moan when the finger plunged inside her, alerting the girls.

"Did you hear that?" one gasped.

"I did," the other said, as Tabitha was mortified. Even as she was feeling intense pleasure growing as she was pleasured on the inside and out.

Carol, wanting to make the teen scream, wiggled her finger around and found her g-spot, forcing Tabitha to let out another load moan and this time the words, "Oh, God."

"This I've got to see," one girl said.

"Don't," the other urged.

Tabitha felt humiliated at being caught in such a compromising position, yet the insistent tapping Carol was now giving her g-spot... something she hadn't even known was real, had her about to erupt. She couldn't control herself anymore as she bit her lip and her g-spot was tapped like a snare drum, her clit attacked recklessly and she came, letting out loud screams of euphoria, "Oh! Fuck! OOOOHHHH!!"

"Oh my God, it's two girls," a voice announced from just above them.

Tabitha didn't open her eyes, instead trembling from the intense orgasm that was swarming her entire being... easily the most intense orgasm of her life.

"No way," the other girl said, as Carol, not mortified or humiliated, hungrily lapped up the sweet teen cum flooding out of Tabitha's cunt.

"So fucking hot," the girl watching praised, having never seen two girls in action on anything but online porn.

Carol pulled her fingers out of the trembling teen, stood up and looked up to see the teenager looking down on her. Feeling aggressive and in the moment and taking a page out of her more seductive friends' handbook, she reached her pussy-coated fingers up to the fascinated teen.

The redheaded teen was shocked to see that the woman on her knees servicing the girl was old enough to be her mother, then she was also surprised to see wet-pussy cum-coated fingers appearing right in front of her mouth. Although she was straight, she had kissed a few girls and had always wondered what it would be like to explore the other side. So she mindlessly opened her mouth, leaned down slightly and took the wet, pungent, slippery fingers into her mouth... a taste that was teasingly tasty... as she sucked all the wetness off the delectable digits.

"Good girl," Carol approved, feeling a rush of adrenaline at her sudden sexual prowess.

Tabitha opened her eyes and saw a redhaired girl sucking on Carol's fingers, sucking her own pussy cum from those fingers.

"Wanna come join us?" Carol offered, hoping to add a third to her scorecard, maybe even a fourth.

"I-I-I..." stammered the stunned redhead.
