 Thanks to:Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Robert, Sophia, and Wayne for editing. 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a weeklong competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 
The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's submissive 18-year-old daughters.

Note: This series is based on a few things:
a) Quick seductions (Each story will likely be under 5000 words... give or take); these are sex stories and thus lacking the detailed character development I often have.
b) Some are inspired by the Japanese molestation videos that are so popular in Japan.
c) This will be, if people enjoy them, a multi chaptered series about five women who seduce straight women.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the sixth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.
2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid. 
3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent, PORTIA JAMES, seduces a cute nineteen year old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.
4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which a black professor, CRYSTAL WATSON, seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.
5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year old who tried to steal from her store.


Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl

Seductress 5: Mrs. Jasmine Jones

Jasmine couldn't believe she was already in last place. It didn't surprise her that Veronica already had two turns; but Christ, even Carol had a turn already and she was a submissive for the most part.

But between an afternoon meeting and dinner with the in-laws, the opportunity to get in the game hadn't happened yet.

So Jasmine headed to her favourite club on a mission. To turn at least one, maybe more, young college girls tonight. She had turned many girls at this club and seldom left the club alone. And hating to lose, she was a woman with a mission.

Jasmine loved them young, and this club was usually full of them. It was a hard-core dance club with cheap drinks, and thus perfect for poor college students.

Jasmine wasn't even done her first drink when she saw her first potential turn. On the dance floor was a group of girls dancing in short skirts and all looking rather intoxicated. Of course, it was the redhead in the centre of the group wearing one of those fake party tiaras and a sash that said 'just turned 21' that caught her eye.

Jasmine watched them dance, noticing that even though there was four of them there, each slowly began dancing with guys and away from the circle they started. Each was on their own hunt for a cute college guy that would rock their world.

Jasmine noticed a couple 'past turns' at the club as well which made her smile... especially when she saw one of them seemingly on the prowl for pussy too.

Jasmine finished her drink as the floor got more crowded and the lights dimmed so that only the strobe lights remained on the dance floor. It was the perfect setting for a dance floor molestation. Mixed with the loud, bass driven music thumping from the plethora of speakers and even conversation was borderline impossible.

Done with her drink, Jasmine sauntered to the dance floor and slithered her way through the crowd of boys and girls half her age to get to her target, even as she noticed a couple of other potential prey if this failed. Although she didn't fail often, the hunt sometimes didn't go as planned. And when it didn't, she usually had a second or third prey in mind to deal with the brief rejection. That said, with years of hunting young girls who always stayed the same even as she aged, she usually could read a girl's likelihood of submitting without ever talking to them.

Jasmine, a professional dancer when she was young, began dancing around the birthday girl.

The dance floor was crowded and tight and Jasmine yelled, making initial contact, "Happy birthday."

"Thank you," the redhead yelled back, as she danced.

Jasmine danced slyly past the birthday girl, her hand grazing the girl's hip. In the crowded dance floor this was expected and the redhead didn't even flinch.

Now behind the pretty girl, Jasmine moved her hand and caressed the young girl's ass... again subtly, but enough for the young girl to turn around and look to see who may be groping her ass.

Jasmine smiled when the redhead and she made eye contact, but moved her hands away as if implying it wasn't her.

The birthday girl moved a bit to her right, to move away from whoever was groping her ass. The truth was she was pretty horny and the right guy hitting on her would likely get very lucky tonight. A birthday fuck seemed like a great way to end the party.

Jasmine waited a couple of minutes before she moved back to her target, and in a more crowded spot moved her hand back to caressing her ass.

When Lori, the birthday girl, turned around, Jasmine was ready, having positioned herself so that when Lori turned her head she would see a very hot college stud.

Lori saw the cute guy and smiled, thinking 'if he wants to grab my ass, go ahead' and she returned to her dancing.

Jasmine smiled at how predictable young drunk women were, thinking with their pussies... just as bad, if not worse, as guys thinking with their dicks.

Lori enjoyed the ass squeezing, even though she acted nonchalant, not wanting to look like anything was happening on the dance floor.

Jasmine caressed and squeezed the young girl's ass for a couple of minutes before she moved her hand under the plaid skirt and to the girl's pussy, which as expected was already wet.

Lori moaned at the feeling of having her pussy touched. Yet, she was so horny that instead of turning around and slapping the cocky stud, she allowed herself to be molested.

Jasmine slowly rubbed the birthday girl's pussy, preparing her for the fucking she planned to give her.

Lori couldn't believe this was happening. She also couldn't believe how good it felt. It had been a few weeks since she got laid, and mixed with the many drinks she had tonight, she was definitely ripe to be picked up.

Jasmine pulled the birthday girl against her and slid a finger inside her already wet cunt. 'Alcohol makes these seductions so much easier,' Jasmine thought to herself.

Lori moaned again at the sudden insertion, shocked by the aggressiveness of the stud molesting her. Yet, it felt so good she continued to allow it, especially when the finger found her g-spot. She thought to herself, 'Holy crap. I'm going to come right on the dance floor'. Yet, as she looked around, no one seemed the wiser, which somehow made the voyeuristic act hotter. Generally speaking, she was the conservative one of the group, usually the designated driver... but today she was living it up like Amanda always said she should. 

Jasmine found the g-spot, which wasn't easy in the position she was in, but once she did she knew she had the cute redhead. As she tapped on the girl's g-spot, making her twitch against her, she began kissing the back of the girl's neck.

Lori moaned, closing her eyes, forgetting briefly that she was in the middle of a dance floor, as her pussy leaked slightly and her orgasm began to accelerate.

Jasmine whispered right into the target's ear, although it was a lot louder than a whisper in the loud space, "I want to give you the best birthday present ever."

Lori gasped at the realization that the finger inside her did not belong to the cute college boy but to a woman. She also realized the obvious, that what she was leaning back on was a pair of breasts... female breasts. She froze as she tried to process in her drunken horny stupor the reality of what was happening to her. She didn't know what to do, the finger inside her felt so fucking good. No man had ever found her g-spot and the pleasure really was making a simple decision nearly impossible to make.

Lori turned her head around slowly and looked into the eyes of the woman molesting her. As she assumed, it was the incredibly pretty older woman who had wished her a happy birthday a few minutes ago.

Jasmine pulled her finger out of her turn target, aggressively turned her around, smiled and leaned in and kissed the birthday girl.

Lori was shocked by the kiss, but briefly kissed her back. The lips were so soft and tender.

Jasmine slid her finger back into the birthday girl while she slipped her tongue in the drunk girl's mouth.

Lori moaned into the older woman's mouth and was about to move her own tongue into the older woman's mouth when her friend Abby gasped, "Lori, what are you doing?"

This pulled Lori out of the erotic trance as her eyes went wide at being caught. She broke the kiss, stared briefly at the very pretty older woman who was smiling as she kept fingering her, and then turned and scurried away.

Jasmine watched the target go directly to the washroom as she sucked the wetness into her mouth. 'Mmmmm, not bad at all'.

Abby went to move to confront the older woman, but was blocked by a group of hot college boys.

Jasmine left the dance floor and headed to the washroom to finish the turn.

Lori was looking in the mirror, freshening up, trying to calm down her fevered pussy when she felt hands grope her tits.

"I wasn't done with you," Jasmine purred, squeezing the small but firm tits.

"Please stop," Lori protested, excited by the touch, but not wanting to be caught again.

"Such nice ripe tits, birthday girl," Jasmine continued, ignoring the weak protests of the cute girl.

Lori's head was spinning, her body though was controlling her mind and it was enjoying the woman's aggressive touch.

Jasmine continued, as she moved one hand back to the girl's pussy, "And if your friend didn't interrupt us, I think you probably would have come on the dance floor."

"You found my g-spot," Lori defended, as if that made it okay.

"Ohhh, I can give you pleasure no man can," Jasmine promised, a promise she always made come true.

The older woman again found her g-spot and Lori whimpered, the woman's touch driving her nuts.

"Do you want me to eat that cunt of yours right here, or should we take this somewhere a little more private?" Jasmine asked. Truth be told, she had eaten pussy, had her pussy eaten and fucked girls right here on the basin counter. But, the club was hopping more than usual and it was unlikely they would have a lot of privacy... although she didn't really care if anyone walked in on her.

Suddenly a toilet flushed as Lori moaned, "Not here, please."

A bathroom stall opened as Jasmine grabbed the girl's hand and guided her to the end open stall, which was more spacious. It was here Jasmine had turned dozens of straight girls over the years.

Lori didn't look at whoever had likely heard the conversation they just had as she tried to understand herself why she followed willingly. She didn't want to have lesbian sex. Yet, her pussy was on fire because of a woman's touch and as she followed, she figured if some pretty cougar dyke wanted to munch on her pussy and get her off, why not? She probably would be better than the men who had gone down on her in the past and never got her off.

Once in the stall, Jasmine dropped to her knees, pulled the girl's panties down and buried her face in it. She knew from experience that once a straight girl had her pussy licked by a woman, especially her, they were almost always forever changed. Of course, there were failures, but they were rare. The real truth of feminine sexuality (and male sexuality too) was that almost all women were sexually attracted and curious about other woman... yet even though being gay was fine in most of North America (minus the rednecks and extreme religious nuts), being bisexual was in many places still rather taboo.

Lori was surprised how quickly the dyke dropped to her knees and began licking, it was if she was in her own version of a porno movie. But she was more surprised at how amazing it felt. Guys were okay down there, but they licked like they drove, carelessly and not stopping for directions. But this pretty older woman, with a wedding ring on her finger, she noticed... knew exactly how to drive.

Jasmine teased and pleased every inch of the girl's ripe pussy, knowing exactly how to tease the young woman and get her willing to do almost anything to come.

Maybe it was because she was drunk, or maybe it was the woman's wicked tongue, or maybe it was the surreal intimacy of having sex with a stranger (a female stranger no less) in a washroom, but Lori's orgasm was building at an accelerated pace.

Jasmine, excellent at reading when a woman was about to erupt, suddenly stopped licking the young girl's pussy, stood up and lifted up her skirt to reveal she was wearing a strap-on cock.

Lori gasped.

Jasmine ordered, "Suck my cock, now."

Lori didn't move, so close to orgasm and shocked by the true plan of this older woman... to fuck her.

Jasmine put her hands on the girl's shoulders and guided her to the floor as she said, "Don't worry, birthday girl, I plan to give you the best present ever."

Lori felt the hands on her shoulders, but didn't resist as she allowed herself to be guided to her knees as she was desperately horny and suddenly that cock looked to be delicious and exactly what she needed.

Jasmine slid the cock in the pretty girl's mouth and roughly fucked her face, always enjoying pushing a new slut to the extreme.

Lori sucked the cock as best she could, her pussy so wet that she prayed the woman was going to fuck her soon and as roughly as she was fucking her face. Lori liked a man who took control and fucked her and was impressed by this cougar who seemed to know exactly how to push her buttons.

Jasmine only fucked the girl's face for thirty seconds or so before she ordered, looking down at the birthday girl, "Bend over, it's time for your present."

Lori, so desperate to be fucked, didn't hesitate, as she stood up, bent over, using the stall door for balance and waited to be fucked by an older woman like a complete slut.

Jasmine bent down and grabbed the girl's panties, a devious idea forming in her head. She put them in her purse as she smiled at the eagerness of the slut. She moved behind the tight assed twenty-one year old and slammed her entire cock in her latest turn with one hard thrust.

Lori moaned loudly, surprised by how quickly her cunt was filled, "Oh God!"

Jasmine asked, after a few slow strokes, "You like this, birthday girl?"

"Yes, fuck me hard," Lori answered, her body wanting more, needing more. The mixture of alcohol and the earlier pussy pleasing had her completely lost in the moment of sexual submission.

"You like it hard, slut?" Jasmine questioned, as she obliged the request and began roughly fucking the redhead roughly.

Lori had been called a slut once by a guy at a party and she kneed him in the balls... but this time it turned her on. At the moment she was a slut... a lesbian slut... or at the very least a slut for a sexy cougar... regardless, she was getting fucked by a female stranger and enjoying it more than she could recall ever having enjoyed sex before.

The fucking was so intense that Lori struggled to keep her balance, and her head banged against the stall door more than once.

Jasmine really fucked the birthday girl, enjoying the moans that the girl was trying to keep inside.

Lori's whole body was on fire as the stranger really pounded her. She couldn't believe how good it felt to be fucked so hard, especially by a woman in a bathroom. She loved the woman's body slamming into her, the cock going as deep as possible inside her.

Jasmine continued slamming roughly into the slut when voices entered the bathroom. She had fucked many women in this bathroom, and having outside listeners didn't faze her at all. She didn't slow down at all, wanting to hear the birthday girl scream with rapture, with or without witnesses.

Lori's eyes went big as she heard voices outside the door. She readjusted her arms to try to control the obvious sounds of banging against the door, but she couldn't control the moans from her mouth much longer... the pleasure overwhelming her completely. 

Jasmine didn't slow down as girls talked at the mirror about some hot guy. Jasmine, wanting to push the girl further, asked loudly, as she suddenly stopped fucking her, "Do you want me to fuck you still?"

Lori didn't want the strangers outside the door to know what was transpiring in the bathroom stall, but she also couldn't believe the woman had stopped. She hesitated only briefly, as she whispered, "Yes."

"Yes, what?" Jasmine questioned.

"Yes, I want you to fuck me," Lori whispered.

Jasmine quickly slammed into her three times, creating loud moans from the birthday girl, before she demanded, "Louder, I can't hear you."

"Yes, fuck me hard, dammit," the birthday girl demanded out of desperation, loud enough for anyone outside to hear her.

Giggles echoed outside and the girl conversation changed to what was happening in the stall.

Lori just closed her eyes and allowed the pleasure to take control, her orgasm so fucking close that dignity and pride no longer were relevant.

Another minute later, a voice called in, "Lori, you in here?"

Lori heard Amanda's concerned voice and panicked. She went to move and the older woman held firmly onto her hips.

Jasmine ordered, "Don't you dare move, Lori."

"It's my friends," Lori whispered, not wanting her friends to know what she was currently having done to her in a bathroom stall.

"Right now, you're my slut," Jasmine firmly corrected, fucking the birthday girl even harder, making Lori's head bang against the stall.

"Oh, fuck," Lori moaned loudly, unable to control her body or moans... loud enough to alert anyone in the washroom.

"Lori, is that you?" Amanda asked, hearing what she thought was Lori moaning. She sighed, Lori never could hold her alcohol.

Lori didn't know what to say, so she remained speechless, praying Amanda would leave if she stayed silent.

Jasmine smiled, enjoying the power she had over this sexy redhead as she kept ramming into her, making her moan.

"Lori, are you okay?" Amanda asked, moving to the stall door where she thought Lori was.

"Yes," Lori answered, with more of a moan than anything.

"What's wrong?" Amanda asked, concerned by the strange sounds her friend was making.

"Nothing," Lori moaned even louder as her orgasm was close to erupting and her body was no longer under her control.

Amanda demanded, worried, "Open up, Lori."

"Just go," Lori pleaded, as she closed her eyes, mortified that her friend was inches away listening to her get fucked by another woman and about to hear her have an orgasm.

"Jesus Christ," Amanda sighed, as she moved to the open stall beside it. 

Jasmine smiled as she knew exactly what the other girl was about to do.

Lori just allowed the orgasm to rise, thankful that Amanda had left, when she suddenly heard from above her, "What the fuck?"

Lori looked up and saw Amanda looking down at her from the next stall just as her orgasm erupted through her like the breaking of the Hoover Dam. "Fuck!" She screamed, even as she looked directly into her best friend's eyes.

Jasmine smiled up at the chubby blonde watching, as she continued fucking the coming birthday girl.

Amanda asked, even though the answer was obvious, as she looked at the pretty older woman, "What are you doing to her?"
