 College was finally here I've been waiting for this day since I was little. Never thinking it would change the course of my life forever.........

Hi, my name is Brooke and I would like to share with you a story of my first time with another girl. It all started when I went away to school.........

My roommate (Amanda) and I got along great at first. When we first met we took a walk and got familiar with the campus and made quit a few friends along the way. Jessica, the funniest girl I'd ever met and Julie, the prettiest and most open-minded person ever. She had to be over six foot tall, long blonde hair and blue eyes. Any guy would have been lucky to been seen with her on their arm. Never in a million years would I have thought that her interest laid between the legs of another female. I guess at the time I was very naïve, I had never met or been around a gay person. I had no idea, didn't even suspect Julie loved other women. It took me over a month to find that out.

In the meantime, Jessica, Amanda, Julie and myself hung out all the time; watching movies together, on weekends we even got together to do laundry. Amanda and Julie were always together, leaving Julie and myself to form and closer bond. Julie would always snuggle close to me while watching movies. I never thought anything about how close she would sit to me. Looking back I guess it should have been a small sign. 

Onetime in particular, she was closer than usual, but who was I too say anything after all I was comfortable. Anyways, the four of us were watching that Mark Walburg movie FEAR, Jessica and Amanda were sitting on the top bunk while Julie and myself were on the bottom. At one point in the movie she leaned closer and whispered 

" I love this part of the movie! You know what else I love?

" No, what? 

" Your lips!" 

At that point she turned my head towards her and kissed me probably the softest most sensual kiss I'd ever had, but it was from another girl and that was wrong, right?! I excused myself from the moment by running out of my own room. Later that night when I finally returned to my room Amanda was waiting up for me. As soon as I stepped foot in the door Amanda said that we had to talk. I told her there was nothing to talk about, that I just needed time to myself to think. 

"No, we have to talk. " she said. "Julie told me what happened, she wants me to tell you she's sorry, she didn't think it would bother you that much." 

It's not the fact that it bothered me, it scared me because of what I felt when she kissed me. 

"And how did you feel?" 

I liked it Amanda, a lot, it was like nothing I've ever felt before, she stirred feelings in me that I did not know were possible. 

"Brooke, there is no reason you shouldn't explore it more, you'll never have this kind of free-will atmosphere again. You're in college, everyone is experimenting and no one cares that you are too." 

I just don't know Amanda, I don't know how I'll feel when I see Julie again, I just need some time to think about it all.

For the next several days I spent a lot of time by myself just needing the space. That's when I ran into Julie again. I was in the laundry room like I did every week, sitting on the washer, studying, when she walked in. 

"Are you ignoring me Brooke? I don't want what I did to get in the way of a good friendship, I just didn't think it would have been that big of a deal."

Look, Jewels it probably wouldn't have been a big deal other than the fact that I liked it, okay. And at the time I thought I should have been disgusted by it all, instead it's been all I've been able to think about since that day.

"So your not pissed at me?"

Farthest thing from in Jewels, I loved the kiss, just wished I knew that then, so I could have enjoyed it and had it last a little longer.

"Brooke, that should be the last thing you should be worrying about, I kissed you once and would love to have the opportunity to kiss you again, I just need a sign from you, I don't want you running away from me again. That kind of kills a girl ego for awhile."

When Julie said those last words to me, she gave me this beautiful smile, I could feel my heart pounding so loud I just knew Julie could hear it from where she was standing. I knew at that moment I had two choices; I could push these strange feeling aside for life, or I could admit to myself for the first time that I had a crush on another girl. I looked up for the first time seeing Julie's eyes burning deep inside of me, I knew she was nervous, she was waiting for a sign from me. Her eyes were so intense, so full of lust, I could feel the blood race straight to my cheeks from thinking all of this. She took my embarrassment as the sign she was looking for, she knew what I was thinking, and she knew I was excited because that's what happens when my cheeks turn red.

Once again I found her hand on my face, lifting my lips to hers. I watched her eyes sparkle as she made her way to me, I felt her lips brush across mine. Instantly my eyes close and I lean in for more contact. Our lips melt together, a moan escaping from deep down inside me. Awakening nerves in my body I'd never felt before. When she moaned into my mouth I instantly moisten, my nipples are growing increasingly harder. Her tongue searching mine to dance with. My mind wonders to where this will end, will I let her go further, does she want to go further with me? 

I feel her hand leave my face to drop down to my shoulder, slowly stroking down my arm caressing my skin. I break our kiss just long enough to slide down off the washer, I want to feel more of her against my body. She had more control this way having me pinned between the washer and herself. My hands wrap around her waist. Her fingers are dancing up and down my spine, sending chills all over my body. Her hand slowly, runs daringly across my breast, causing my breath to catch in my lungs and our kiss to deepen almost out of control, when we hear the door to the laundry room open and then close real fast. Whoever it was must have gotten a shock seeing two girls going at it in the laundry room. Julie and I look at each other and start to giggle. Julie's face becomes serious again, she says to me 

"It was a good thing someone came in because I wouldn't have been able to stop myself after much more of that." 

Who said I wanted you to stop? 

"I did, I want your first time with another female to be unforgettable, have dinner with me tonight?!" 

Mmmm okay. What time should I be ready?

8pm, and dress sexy, tonight we will be turning heads.... 

To Be Continued.....