 Through a strange chain of events, I had met an amazing young lady that changed my life. But that's another story (Straight Invaded pt. 4). 

This story begins when My wife Andrea had returned from a 2-week vacation with my in-laws, which was apparently 10 days too long. I was unable to go due to a work emergency which did not help. My 17-year-old daughter, Cindy, was apparently in rare form on the trip as well. Andrea had to go back to work tomorrow and was twice as stressed as before she left for vacation.

It was the opening I was looking for. I could not have asked for a better opportunity. I was in the dog house for bailing on the vacation and my wife was a giant stress ball. I happened to be looking for a way to hook her up with a magical masseuse named Beth. I had blocked out next Saturday with Beth, but wasn't sure my wife would be on board coming off vacation, but, my odds were improving by the minute.

Cindy had enough of Mom and went to her room after giving me a hug and I hadn't heard from her for a couple hours. I helped Beth unpack a bit and started the discussion.

"Sorry it was such a non-vacation for you. Thanks for understanding the work situation, but I would have much rather been there with you. In my discussions with the travel agent, I found out the young lady there, Beth, is a licensed Masseuse and had good references. I have arranged for a full service, massage/spa day for you and she had this Saturday open. I asked her to hold it or give us first dibs if anyone tries to schedule, to help make it up to you. Do you think you would like that?"

"I appreciate the thought but it's gonna be a full week at work and we have lots of laundry and who Knows what else. I can't see taking time for a spa day," said Andrea sighing.

"I Know what you're saying but, listen, my work situation has stabilized and I will do whatever I can to help out around here. I think you really need some you time and what she described to me is a full experience, at her private salon, with no other people. You decide what treatments, music, food, beverages and even scents," I said smiling.

"Let me think about it. When do I need to decide?" she asked sounding frustrated.

"The sooner the better or she may get booked. How bout I ask her to send you something in an e-mail about her services, to give you a better Idea? I think you could really use this right now." I said.

"OK, I promise I'll think about it. Thanks for your thoughtfulness honey," she said kissing me and taking their clothes to the laundry room. 

I gave Beth a quick phone call and she said she would get something off within and hour. She asked me some background information on Andrea's interests, likes and dislikes and said, "Don't worry I will take it from here!"

As I hung up Cindy came out of her cave for a drink and asked if it would be OK to spend the weekend with her friend Susan. 

"The weekend, really? I haven't seen you in two weeks!" I replied disappointed. 

"But you didn't have to spend two weeks with Grandma and Grandpa!" she snapped.

"Let me talk to your mother. I'm guessing she'll be good with it if you get home in plenty of time Sunday to do all of your homework.," I said calmly. "I love you Sweetie, and I do like to spend time with you now and then."

"I know Dad. I love you too," she replied smiling

Andrea was sitting on the couch looking stressed. I talked her into letting me do a load or two of laundry while she had some down time. I told her we would get some take out for dinner so she could rest as much as possible on her last day before returning for work. 

"Great, I'll throw a load of laundry in and you try to relax a bit honey. I spoke with the masseuse and she said she would e-mail the information on the options for the day," I said rubbing her shoulders gently.

"Oh, honey that feels good, my back and shoulders are a mess," said Andrea sighing.

"Wait till you see what a pro can do," I said smiling.

After a few moments of massage, I headed for the laundry room and started a load. Andrea was laying on the sofa with her lap top, so I went to my home office and did some work e-mails for about an hour. 

Then I heard Andrea giggling, "That sounds great, I will be there...Yeah, he is pretty special, I have to admit. Thanks, see you at 10:00."

She came into the office and said, "I just spoke with Beth and we are on for Saturday at 10:00AM. Thanks Honey, this is so sweet of you. Her e-mail was too good to pass up. She really does provide the total package and in her home; massage, sauna/steam room, aroma therapy, skin treatment with mud and lotions, jacuzzi, music and best of all wine and food. I may never come back!"

"Great, I am so glad you decided to do it. Take full advantage, you deserve it. By the way Cindy was asking about spending the weekend with Susan and her family. I told her I would talk to you about it. What do you think? I asked.

"We are on each other's nerves. It would probably be a good Idea for a little time apart. She has only had time with old folks the last 2 weeks...If she gets back in time for homework Sunday," she said looking a little less frazzled.

"Brilliant minds think alike. I already made that clear with her," I said heading toward Cindy's room to let her know.

Andrea was exhausted and not in the mood for any lovemaking, despite having been away for 2 weeks, which was good considering my experiences while she was away. I was relieved to get some R&R. As her week progressed she never did feel in the mood. We were both looking forward to her spa day to get her back to a more relaxed state.

Saturday morning, she woke up around 8:30 took a quick shower and got dressed in black yoga pants and a T-shirt. There is something about yoga pants that just get my blood flowing. Especially on someone like my wife, not skinny, but definitely not fat. For 44 she was in very good shape with a full round ass and full shapely legs. I loved her ass from the day we met and I love it in yoga pants! She has always exercised, eaten right and aged incredibly well.

Since she was doing the spa day she did not bother with make-up but has a natural beauty that is still appealing after 20+ years. Andrea has light brown shoulder length hair with a natural curl to it. She has a relatively flat stomach with just a bit of a sexy curve in it when seen from the side. She is a 34B bra size with nipples that protrude about 1/4 inch or so when stimulated. Today she was bra less and stimulated!

"Well Honey, I'm off. Sorry to leave you all alone again." she said leaning in for a kiss. "Thanks so much for the gift. I am really looking forward to purging the stress. I highly doubt I will be there the full six hours, but I will definitely be home for dinner."

"And I will cook, to give you the whole day off. You take as long as you want. This is your day. I will be fine, so you just relax and let Beth take care of you," I said watching her stress fading already.

"She seems really sweet. She said she has done over 500 full service spa days and has a 70% repeat customer rate. That's pretty amazing for an expensive endeavor like this. She sounds like she knows her stuff. Thanks again Honey," she said heading out the door.

"Text me when you're heading home, but until then, put us out of your mind. Today is all about you. Love you...have a great day," I said as the door closed behind her.

I texted Beth.

Send: SHE'S ON HER WAY. TAKE GOOD CARE OF HER!

Ding: OH, I WILL, TRUST ME! :)

I took a shower and figured I would binge watch the Soprano's when I heard a text.

Ding: CHECK YOUR E-MAIL.

There was an e-mail from Beth that had 5 links in it.

mass1, mass2, sauna, LR and BR.

I clicked on mass1 and saw a web cam view of a massage table from the end of the table, somewhere near the ceiling it seemed. Beyond the massage table was a sofa, and a night stand like table with an MP3 player, various bottles of oil, lotions and powders, a small fridge and a rack of towels. On the side wall were some cabinets.

Mass2 was a side view of the table with a view of a hallway into the rest of the house

Sauna was a view inside a Sauna with an L shaped bench on two walls and a door to the right. 

LR was a view of a sofa, coffee table with and end table in view.

BR was a view of what looked like a queen bead and 2-night stands.

Holy shit! Beth gave me a view of the whole place. I flipped around and soon saw Beth walk in to view in the living room. She was wearing a yellow tank top skin-tight dress that fit her beautiful round ass perfectly. Her bosom length black hair was in a pony tail today. She took a seat dead center on the couch and began to type on her phone.

Ding: CAN YOU SEE ME?

Send: OH YES, I CAN! 

She looked at the camera and spoke. I could not hear anything and watched her typing again.

Ding: CAN YOU HEAR ME?

Send: NO 

She walked over, reached up and shuffled around the camera. She stepped back and shrugged. I looked at the screen and below the picture was a small speaker icon. I clicked on it and the volume was all the way down. As I turned it up I could hear some music in the background.

Send: I HEAR MUSIC TRY AGAIN.

"Can you hear me now?" She said smiling at the camera. 

"Yes!" I said somehow thinking she could hear me.

Send: YES. YOU LOOK AWESOME TODAY GORGEOUS. 

She sat back down on the sofa and slowly spread her legs, forcing the skin-tight dress to slide slowly up her thighs, revealing a glimpse of the well-manicured tuft of hair above her sweet pink pussy.

"Does the zoom work?" She said smiling sexily. 

Zoom, zoom, where's the zoom. There was a little movie camera icon. It controlled the zoom. I could not control direction but, she knew exactly where it pointed. I zoomed in bringing her pink pussy lips into center screen.

Send: OH, HELL YES!

Ding Dong! She jumped up, worked her dress down over her thighs.

"She's here!" She said running out of view.

After a minute or so, I could hear faint voices growing louder.

"...told me he married above his pay grade. He was right you are beautiful. Have a seat. If you don't mind, maybe we can chat a little first and then decide what to do first." said Beth.

Andrea took a seat on the right side of the sofa, as Air Supply started to play.

"It's not too soon for your guilty pleasure music is it?" asked Beth cheerfully

"Never, ...so lost without you. I know you were right believing for so long," sang Andrea.

"How about mimosas and fruit?" asked Beth pointing to a pitcher of the drinks on a tray with some assorted sliced fruit. 

"Sure, why not," said Andrea grabbing the glasses and pouring. "You too?"

"I'm game," said Beth. "A toast...To Andrea's day."

"Here! here!" said Andrea clinging glasses and drinking.

I thought, it was time to link my computer to the smart TV so I could watch the day on the big screen. It took me about 30 minutes to get it set up. I tuned back in to see an empty pitcher and empty glasses. They were sitting on the sofa, on their hips, with their legs pulled up to their asses facing each other. They were chatting like old friends, with their knees nearly touching. Both had and elbow over the back of the sofa holding their mimosa glasses.

"...sexual peak. What's it like? I get so horny now, I can't imagine when I'm your age," asked Beth giggling.

"It is true, believe me, I get excited over the littlest things sometimes and find myself getting wet a lot more often. I feel like I could go all night when I get excited," said Andrea blushing.

"Are your orgasms more intense too?" Asked Beth biting her bottom lip.

"Yes, I can barely contain myself. It's hard to describe, but they rock my whole body. I think, I am a lot louder than I used to be too. Don't get me started, I am supposed to be relaxing," said Andrea, settling back on the sofa and downing her drink.

"Sex doesn't relax you?" asked Beth raising her eyebrows. 

"Of course, but Dave's not hear, so no sex for a while," replied Andrea.

"Well, I have been told my massages are better than sex," Beth giggled.

Beth grabbed the empty pitcher. "More, or your favorite Moscato? then we can get started with some relaxation techniques."

"Moscato, please but, I am already feeling the Mimosas, so we better go slow.

Beth got up and walked out of view. I noticed how the dress gripped her ass, dipping slightly into her ass crack highlighting her individual cheeks. When she returned she handed Andrea a glass of Moscato and sat down next to her. After a few moments of chit chat, she sat her glass on the coffee table and looked at Andrea.

"OK let's try something," she said taking Andrea's wine glass. "Sit straight back on the sofa, with your feet on the floor. That's good, now tilt your head back and close your eyes."

She began to speak in a whisper as "You're every woman in world to me" played softly in the background.

"Slowly relax your feet. Feel them go limp, with no tension in the muscles at all. (Andrea exhaled and sunk a little more into the sofa.) That's it now relax your calves, just feel the blood flow taking away all your tensions. Focus on the music and on my voice. As you hear me speak, picture the most relaxing place you can think of...where are you right now?"

Andrea spoke softly, "On the beach in Cape Coral Florida. We went there for our honeymoon. We didn't have much money and my great aunt had a place there."

"Excellent, hear the waves and the wind and relax your thighs, feel them lose all tension as the waves break gently in front of you. When you hear my voice, I want you to think about this moment and relax...Now the tension drifts from your abdomen feel all the muscles relax in your stomach and lower back. Relax your chest and shoulders...feel the weight go out of them. You're light as a feather...relax your neck and head, let the couch cushion take the weight. Do you hear the waves and feel the warmth?" she whispered.

"Oh, yes," said Andrea, softly.

"Just relax and listen to my voice...your muscles are completely relaxed. You have completely surrendered to gravity. The sofa has taken all tension and stress from your body. You are paralyzed... Your muscles do not work...You could not raise your arms even if you wanted too.... My voice has taken all your tension...You are more relaxed than you have ever been. Tell me how you feel," she whispered.

"Light, I feel light as a feather," sighed Andrea.

"Can you raise your arms?" asked Beth softly.

"I don't want to," replied Andrea

"Good just relax and listen to my voice. You have no worries, no boundaries, you are like a butterfly, floating gently in the air. The wind holds you up, you need not exert any energy. There is only the warm ocean breeze, the sound of the waves and my calming voice. Think of the image of that butterfly floating, and whenever I whisper the word butterfly you will come back to this place and this feeling, OK?" asked Beth.

"OK," she said sleepily.

Beth continued softly, "Great Andrea, you have a strong mental ability to focus and control your body. You are going to be a natural at reducing tension in your life. You can now open your eyes and move freely but you will remain free of tension in your muscles."

Beth spoke loudly and cheerfully, "I would suggest some time in the sauna or steam room. To start, it gets the blood flowing and is good prep for massage. What do you prefer, steam or a dry heat sauna?" 

"Wow, that was great, I feel like a limp noodle...I think I would like the sauna, steam can be a bit overwhelming sometimes."

Sauna, it is that's what it is set for, so, let me get you a water and a towel and we can go in just a couple minutes. She stepped out of view as Andrea sat up. I flipped over to mass2 and saw Andrea walking into the massage table room and step off view to the left. She came back into view with two bottles of water in one hand and several towels under her other arm. I switched back to LR and saw Andrea, reach out her hand and take a bottled water.

"OK I would suggest drinking the water now, but if you don't drink it all take it in with you. We want you completely hydrated. Here are some towels. The first door on the right is a restroom. You can remove your clothes and hang them on the hooks. If you are comfortable being nude, I would recommend it. Either way, I have 2 towel, One to use like a pillow and the other to sit on or be wrapped in, whatever makes you more comfortable."

"The sauna will make us sweat and clean out our pours, which is a little more effective in the nude. After that we can go straight to massage or do the hot stones, or mud facial first whichever you prefer," she said smiling. "See you in a few moments."

I switched back to mass 2 and saw Andrea down some water and enter the bathroom. Andrea, walked into the massage room and lifted her dress up over her head, giving me a great view of her bare beautiful ass. My dick stiffened as I remembered my face being buried between those cheeks, and later my cock. She turned to look toward the camera and adjusted her bangs. Apparently, there was a mirror on the wall with the camera.

My focus, however, was on the perfectly trimmed tuft of hair over her dark pink pussy. Everything else shaved and beautiful. Her breasts were medium sized and the nipples pointed slightly up. She wrapped a towel around herself and tucked it in under her left arm. She went out of view and I heard Air Supply being replaced by the sound of waves breaking on the beach.

Andrea came out with a towel wrapped around here body as well. I switched to sauna and saw the door open. Andrea entered and sat on the back-wall bench in the corner. A moment later, Beth entered with a tray containing two bottled waters and two glasses of wine. She sat one of each next to Andrea on the bench to her left. She sat close to Andrea, and placed her own water and wine on her other side on the bench.

"Please drink plenty of water," said Beth taking a drink. "Hydration, hydration, hydration."

Andrea open her water and took a drink and smiled at Beth raising the bottle. Beth laughed and placed a rolled-up towel behind her head on the top of the bench. She unwrapped her towel and let it fall on either side exposing her nude, body for the camera...Wow! She tilted her head back onto the towel and closed her eyes and let her legs spread apart...Double wow! 

Andrea looked at her and said, "Not fair, I can't compete with that perky little 20 something body." 

"Ms. Thompson, you are in remarkable shape. You have nothing to be self-conscious about, I assure you," she said looking at Andrea and letting her eyes wonder. "If you are not comfortable I can cover up," she said grabbing her towel.

"No, no, I'm fine," said Andrea smiling. "No worries...no boundaries, this is my day." 

Andrea opened her towel too and used the other towel as a head rest. Her eyes closed and she took a deep breath and let it out. I was impressed how good she looked, in the nude after all these years. Her breasts were slightly larger than Beth's and still quite shapely. Her areola was larger and darker than Beth's. As Andrea's legs slowly spread I was struck by the fact her nipples were darker than Beth's but her pussy was a lighter shade than Beth's. 

She grabbed the wine and toasted, "To being naked and free! I feel stress free already."

They both downed the wine, and laid their heads back and closed their eyes.

Beth spoke softly. "Let's start again, relax your feet and then work your way up your body slowly, feeling the blood flow in and taking any tension away."

Andrea slipped into her relaxed state.

Beth turned her head toward Andrea and leaned in to her ear. "OK my butterfly...(Andrea seemed to go limp.) Feel the warm air holding you up as you float. Hear the waves and my voice and feel the stress leave your body. Gravity and the air are perfectly balanced, you exert no energy. Can you raise your arms?"
