 Summary: Cute nerd virgin becomes both a pet and a Mistress at once.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Tex Beethoven, Robert, and Wayne for editing this story.

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the thirteenth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which black Professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year-old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby girl at the beach and doubles down on a peeping Belle.

11. Turning Contest: A Former Student, in which CRYSTAL WATSON bumps into a former student, accompanies her back to her place and seduces her slyly.

12. Turning Contest: A Friend in Need, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces, somewhat by accident, her long-time friend who just caught her husband sucking cock in their kitchen.

Turning Contest: A Friend of Amy's (please read the very first chapter of this series, A BEAUTIFUL BLONDE, for Amy's story)

Amy couldn't believe what she had done today... she'd let a woman molest her in public; to force her to eat her first pussy (well okay, strongly encouraged her, and once she was on her knees with that fragrant wet pussy in her face she hadn't needed much further encouragement), also in public; and then she'd allowed herself to get pounded by a strap-on in a changing room until she had the most intense orgasm of her life.

In her mind she replayed the surreal encounter over and over as she chose to stay home this evening instead of going to the movies with her boyfriend... feigning a headache... something she'd never done before.

A single lesbian encounter with a woman old enough to be her mother, and now the teenager was no longer sure about her sexuality. Without a doubt, that encounter and that orgasm were the most amazing experiences of her young life.

That night she pleasured herself while recalling all the details of her seduction, exulting in multiple orgasms before scolding herself for getting so consumed.

During all her prior sexual relations she'd been the one in charge... she'd made the decisions... today she hadn't made any of them... today she'd been submissive... a submissive slut... the woman had called her a slut and she hadn't objected, she'd even enjoyed it... this slut wasn't her. Or maybe it had been her, but it certainly wasn't who she wanted to be.

As she drifted off to sleep she told herself she would most definitely not return to that store... she couldn't give away her control like that again.

.....

Of course, the next morning as she woke up, she found herself once again replaying yesterday's lesbian seduction, which got her pussy tingling and begging for some morning attention (something that was very rare... she wasn't a morning person).

She knew then, before she even got out of bed... before she'd even given herself two more orgasms before getting out of bed... she knew that she was returning to that clothing store. For one thing, she still had one free piece of clothing to choose; but the important thing (and the shameful thing) was that she really wanted to eat that pussy and to be fucked again. Both experiences had been like nothing she'd ever experienced before yesterday... but she tried to tell herself it was really for the free clothing.

The question then became who to bring with her... who was she willing to invite along to be seduced as well? Who would she recruit to be a (willing? or unknowing?) accomplice in today's lesbian seduction?

There were preliminary questions:

Who would be most likely to succumb?

Who was available today?

Whose pussy did she want to lick?

Who would most likely be up for some lesbian play with her?

Who would most likely be receptive to becoming (with Mrs. Stone's expert persuasion) Amy's own lesbian plaything? For that would be a wonderful perk!

She had lots of friends. She had lots of high school acquaintances, too.

And as the blonde bombshell contemplated her options... her best friend, any of her fellow cheerleaders, her drama understudy (they were in the middle of Grease rehearsals and she of course was playing Sandy)... and then it hit her. It was so obvious.

There was one girl who would succumb easily; she would definitely be available; she was likely even a closet lesbian, as she often checked Amy out when they were together; the obvious choice was her nerdy, wallflower tutor Brenda.

She phoned Brenda, and as soon as she answered jumped in with, "What are you doing today?" She knew the answer was likely nothing... Brenda was quite a loner... her head always in a book.

"Not much," Brenda responded, surprised, Amy only calling her when she needed some help with math and never on a weekend.

"Good, you're coming shopping with me," Amy said, more as an order than an offer.

"I don't know," Brenda prevaricated, worried this was a trick. Amy had always been nice to her, but many of Amy's popular friends often weren't.

"I'm not asking, I'm saying," Amy clarified before adding, "after all you've done to help me pass math, it's my turn to help you."

"Help me?" Brenda asked skeptically.

"Yes, I have a free item to select at a hip store and I thought I'd treat you."

"I don't know," Brenda repeated, this seeming too good to be true. Truth was, she had a major crush on the blonde, even though she was still undecided whether she was a lesbian or not. She also had crushes on boys after all, but at eighteen years old she was still a virgin to both sexes... although most of her fantasies were of Amy; although she also sometimes fantasized about face sitting and dominating Amy's fellow cheerleaders, all of whom were bitchy. Truth was she mostly loved porn, especially lesbian domination porn, where she got vicarious revenge on her many bullies. She had even bought a strap-on for some hopeful day... the eight-inch cock could also be taken out of the harness and used as a suction cup cock... which she'd used to fuck herself many times in her bedroom or bathroom... another truth was that, behind her nerdy, subdued exterior she was a very horny young woman. All of which boiled down to the reality that when it came to sexual orientation, she didn't know what she was. So far it was all speculation... she hadn't yet kissed a boy or a girl... so whatever fantasy she happened to jill off to on a given day defined which side she was on until the orgasm was over, and she was back to wondering. Except that her major crush was on Amy.

"You're coming," Amy said forcefully, hoping that would soon become a double entendre, "I'll be there in an hour."

"Fine," Brenda replied, trying to imply she was only agreeing because of the nagging, and because Amy was used to getting her way, so fighting it would only extend the inevitable. Although the bright side was the chance to satisfy her curiosity about what going shopping with a fashion queen like Amy would be like.

Brenda had her own unique fashion sense... one she was often mocked for... a mixture of late sixties and early seventies...aka her musical hero Janis Joplin whom she looked a lot like... although only older adults ever made that connection, her peers not having a clue who Janis Joplin was, or thinking Big Brother was a lame reality show, and not a great late-60s psychedelic blues band.

That said, unbeknownst to her peers, she usually sported some unique fashion beneath her hippie rock-ish attire: she wore sexy lingerie that no one except her ever knew about. Brenda didn't mind keeping her unmentionables unmentioned, as she only wore them to feel sexy for herself. After all, the only one getting her off was herself anyway; well, herself plus a variety of sex toys she'd ordered online through Wish during the past few months. From vibrators, to the fore-mentioned strap-on plus some anal toys... China made great, affordable sex toys, although her patience often wore thin waiting for them to arrive, sometimes taking as long as six weeks to meander across the Pacific.

Since her mother owned a lingerie shoppe, she also had a free supply of lace bras, thongs, garter-belts and stockings, thigh highs, nipple clamps (she liked the pressure on her very sensitive large nipples and no, those she bought online), and occasionally crotchless pantyhose.

So, deciding to be secretly naughty as she went out with her popular friend (although she wasn't sure 'friend' was the correct term), Brenda dressed slutty as fuck underneath her long, hippy dress. For extra kinkiness she went all out: a butt plug and nipple clamps. For a touch more sexiness, she used a thong to keep the butt plug from falling out, a garter-belt and stockings, and open toed sandals.

Amy, in hopes of a sequel to yesterday for herself and not just for Brenda, wore a tight sweater without a bra, a black skirt that barely covered the tops of the lace-top thigh highs her seductress had given her, and chose to go commando, to provide easy access to her pussy, which was already wet with anticipation even though she hadn't even left home yet.

Although she felt a bit guilty for potentially directing Brenda into the crosshairs of an amazingly competent seductress, she also thought she might even be doing this shy girl a favour... she was pretty sure the cute nerd was a lesbian... or at least a wannabe lesbian... and now that her own sexuality had been challenged and her lesbian side awakened, she wanted to have someone closer to home than Mrs. Stone to experiment with. As a potential sex partner, but also as a potential failed seduction, Brenda seemed pretty low risk... she wasn't a close friend and yet she was cute.

Amy picked her up and wasn't surprised to see Brenda wearing her usual attire, something like her parents may have worn in high school. That was one more reason to choose Brenda... she needed a new wardrobe... badly... she could serve as Amy's own trifecta makeover... from nerd to chic ... from somewhat straight to lesbian... from tutor to plaything.

Brenda got in the car and asked, "Where are we going?"

"Shopping," Amy said as she pulled away from the curb.

"That's already been established," Brenda objected.

"Shopping in a quaint little clothing shoppe," Amy elaborated, before adding, "I know the owner."

"Okay," Brenda said as she snuck glances at Amy, admiring her beauty like she always did. Amy was her number one fantasy, her English teacher Mrs. Walker was her number two, and Jake the football quarterback her number three. She could tell Amy was wearing thigh highs, as the short skirt was riding up while she drove.

This intrigued the shy, curious nerd. Her glances couldn't help becoming stares.

Amy was used to having people stare at her and noticed Brenda studying not only her, but particularly her stockings. She asked, putting her right hand to her lace top stockings, "Ever wear these?"

Brenda, hoping to impress the blonde beauty, to show off that she could be sexy underneath her bland exterior, lifted up her own dress to show off her garter belt and stockings, "I'm more a garter and stockings kinda girl."

Amy smiled, glad of a stoplight so she could admire the sexy lingerie, "Well, remind me not to judge a book by its cover."

"I'm a page turner," Brenda quipped, trying to be witty, and then realizing she had no idea what this expression (that she'd once heard someone else say) actually meant.

"I bet you are," Amy said, with a hint of sexy innuendo in her tone.

"Do you always wear thigh highs?" Brenda asked.

"Actually, today is my first time," Amy admitted. "I didn't even know such hosiery existed until I was in this quaint store yesterday."

"Oh?" Brenda said, thinking it was strange to dress up sexy to go shopping and wondered, with a bit of hope, that Amy might be curious about trying out a girl.

"Do you usually wear a garter and stockings underneath your clothes?" Amy asked, genuinely intrigued to hear the answer.

"Often," Brenda answered in an attempt to appear worldly wise and breezy, sensing by Amy's face and tone she had the blonde goddess intrigued, so she added, "at other times I wear thigh highs similar to yours, or on occasion, crotchless pantyhose."

"Crotchless pantyhose?" Amy asked, this little nerd impressing her with more and more surprises.

Brenda added, not sure if Amy knew what crotchless pantyhose were, and also wanting to show the cheerleader she was more than just a smart cookie, "Yeah, those are pantyhose with a generous hole woven in for the vagina and ass."

"You really are a little spitfire in disguise," Amy smiled, moving her hand to the complex nerd's leg and giving it a gentle squeeze.

Brenda's pussy tingled at the brief but intimate touch.

Amy added, as she felt Brenda's sheer, soft stockings, "These are really soft."

"Imported from France." Brenda bragged, hoping this familiarity might lead to her being touched elsewhere.

"Really?" Amy asked, feeling the seductress may turn out to be the one seduced.

"My mom owns a lingerie shoppe," Brenda revealed.

"Well, that makes sense," Amy nodded, putting both hands on the steering wheel as she passed a cop.

Brenda, now feeling far more confident than ever before, and trying to become the seductress she always saw herself as in her fantasies, moved her hand to Amy's nylon-clad leg and said, "These ones are soft, too."

Amy was surprised by the normally shy Brenda's forwardness as she joked, "I'm not sure if these are imported or not."

Brenda gave a gentle, flirtatious squeeze, before moving her hand away and saying, "They're sexy soft."

"That's a cute alliteration," Amy said, as she pulled into Mrs. Stone's parking lot.

"Sexy, sheer silk stockings stimulate sultry sensations," Brenda improvised, still trying to be sly and seductive.

"You're an enigma," Amy admired, as she parked the car.

"I can be a lot of things," Brenda responded, her blunt innuendo shocking both Amy and herself.

"Let's see if that's true," Amy said, giving the cute nerd's leg another squeeze before getting out of the car.

Brenda followed, her head in a daze... experiencing a mixture of the lust she felt and the shock at who she was perhaps becoming. This afternoon could either lead to something wonderful with Amy... or to the world's cruelest practical joke. She decided to go with it for now and hope for the best.

Veronica was annoyed; she saw the two quick points claimed by Carol of all people, just past noon today, and now it was almost two o'clock and she was still cunt-muncher-less for the day. And she could only expect the others to be adding even more tallies to the scoreboard as the day progressed. She was determined to win this contest. She was perusing both the girls and the ladies in her store for possibilities, when she saw Amy from yesterday walking in... with a friend!... the friend was a cute, nerdy type that she instantly knew was ripe for the licking. She hadn't had a threesome in a while, and although it would only count as one point since she'd already seduced Amy, a threesome would be fun.

Veronica looked the fashion-challenged girl over, and she could see that sexually she was a lost soul... a perceptive gift she'd always had. She also noticed that, not surprisingly, Amy was wearing the nylons she'd given her yesterday.

Veronica sauntered over to her newest pet and greeted, "My sweet Amy, welcome back, and I see you brought me a friend."

Amy nodded, "I did, ma'am, this is my good friend Brenda."

Brenda was flattered to hear the words 'good friend' as she extended her hand and offered warmly, "Nice to meet you, ma'am."

Veronica pulled the cute girl into a close embrace and said, as their breasts pressed promisingly against each other's, "Please call me Ms. Veronica."

"Okay, Ms. Veronica," Brenda agreed, as she felt hands on her ass. They weren't squeezing or anything nefarious, maybe they were even carelessly innocent, but they were definitely on her ass.

Veronica pushed Brenda to arm's length by the shoulders, looked her up and down and said with a smile, "My dear, I think you need a fashion makeover."

"I'm a little stuck in the sixties and seventies," Brenda joked, although it wasn't actually a joke... she didn't only dress like it was the late sixties, but that was her musical preference too. In addition to Janis Joplin, there was Fleetwood Mac, Jimmy Hendrix, Canned Heat, Led Zeppelin and Chicago.

"I think we can help you keep your old school style if you prefer it, but still sexy you up," Veronica said.

"Um, I..." Brenda began, this shoppe looking a little out of her price range, actually a lot out of her price range.

Amy, reading Brenda's concern said, "It's on me, girlfriend. It's the least I can do for all you've done for me."

"I didn't do much," Brenda denied bashfully, beginning to feel a bit like she was on one of those makeover shows.

"I wouldn't be passing math if it weren't for you," Amy testified in support of her point, which was embarrassingly true.

Veronica took Brenda's hand and said, "Not to worry, come with me."

"What about me?" Amy asked, worried she might be left out of what she was pretty sure would be a lesbian seduction... and one she wanted to at least witness live.

"You come too," Veronica said, slightly stressing the word 'come' in a way that would reassure Amy of her intentions, but likely go unnoticed by the prey.

"Great," Amy said, before adding, "she really needs a complete makeover."

"Not completely complete," Brenda worried, as she was led past the obvious change rooms for the public and into a larger back room with a sign, Staff Only. She asked, "Is this where all the makeovers transpire?"
