 Author's note: This is a story of lesbianism and the problems some have with their churches. If you do not like lesbian stories, or have a strict Fundamentalist view, please stop here and find another story to read. Any comments that are deemed inappropriate for this story will be instantly deleted. For all other readers, I hope you enjoy it.

*****

Chapter 1

"Mom, I'm going to the park with some of the other kids, maybe watch Brian play," I said.

"Okay, honey, but be home early for supper," she gave her approving smile.

Brian was said to be a really good shortstop. He had high hopes to be given a scholarship to one of the major colleges. I hadn't seen him yet; he was a couple of years older than be and would be a junior in high school. His coach was said to have a very high opinion of him, and so did a couple of the girls that I was going to the park with.

Brian was six feet tall, handsome, and kept his honey looking hair somewhat unruly. I wondered if he was trying to copy a Robert Redford look, but when I tried to question him, he just rolled his eyes. I think I was right, or close to it. Our mother gave up on trying to get him to comb it in a way she thought proper, but quickly gave up with a motherly grin and a shake of her head. Dad thought...well, let's just say that Dad was more than proud of him.

The park was a couple of blocks away, so it didn't take us long to get there. Our neighborhood was more than a safe place, so it was no problem to go there even if we were alone. I only went there on occasion though, but being somewhat bored and restless, I agreed to go with the other girls, though I knew they just wanted to go ogle Brian. They were close to shameless in their near adoration of him, especially Julia, but he wouldn't even look her way. She didn't care.

We were there just after they started playing. He was pretty good as a batter, at least I thought so since his first time at bat he hit a double. His team ran up a pretty good lead, and he made a couple of nice plays when the ball was hit his way. Somewhere in the fifth inning though, my eye caught a girl I hadn't seen before. Though she was on the other side of the field, I could male her out fairly good.

She had the most eye-catching red hair I'd ever seen, though granted, I hadn't seen that many redheads. It was easy to see that it was in a pony tail, and though it was some distance away, still, I could tell that she wore it fetchingly. From where I sat, she looked very pretty, but harassed. There were a few boys behind her who were making her life miserable, so much so that she left with their laughter following her. They were sort of proud of themselves, saying something or other, and laughing and jostling each other presumably at their actions as might be expected of boys enjoying what they'd done.

Later, after we'd left, and I was home, I thought of that girl. She'd left so quick that I didn't get to notice anything else about her. There was the mystery of her being new to me, plus me liking something about the way she looked, I felt as if I was drawn to her, wanted to know who she was, and maybe be friends with her. Not that I lacked friends, but as I said, there was something about her that drew me to her.

Since seeing her in the park, I went back several times, but didn't see her; maybe I went at the wrong times. In my mind, I shrugged, but she haunted my memory. I hoped that I'd see her again, maybe even get to talk to her. The constantly thinking of her kept something in me wishing more and more that I'd get to know her. Playing devil's advocate with myself, I thought that maybe I'd be disappointed if we met, but somehow I couldn't bring myself to believe that.

* * * *

When it was time to return to school, I found myself wondering what school she went too. Boy, I didn't even know how old she was though I figured she was about my age. This was my sophomore year, and Brian's senior year; Julia, with her ever growing boobs, kept hoping she'd gain his attraction, showing as much of them as she could without getting in trouble. She was a sophomore too, and always pumped me for information about Brian. I was glad that she didn't have the empty locker next to mine. She probably hoped that where hers was would make her more visible to Brian.

When I arrived at my locker, I was surprised to find the redhead that I'd seen at the park had her locker next to mine. I smiled broadly.

"Hi. I'm Brooke; what's your name?" I said, my heart beating with gladness as I looked at her, though I tried not to stare.

She was shy, but she told me: "Hi, I'm Shannon. Nice to meet you, Brooke," she said softly and politely.

"Yeah, me too. What grade are you in?"

"I'm a sophomore."

"Hey, me too. Maybe we have some of the same classes, huh?" I found myself hoping.

"That might be nice," she said. I couldn't tell if she may have just been polite, but I hoped not.

It turned out that we had quite a few classes together, as well as our Home Room, which was where we were headed right off. We went there together. She still had her hair in a pony tail, and I was right—her hair was soft, rich looking, and laid in soft curls. However, once there, she opened the door and had me go in first. I kind of hated to give up admiring her hair. Still, I hoped she'd sit next to me; she did, but again, whether from politeness or shyness, I didn't know.

We had English, biology, math, and history together; history being our last class of the day. We naturally sat side-by-side in all of our classes. As we went through our first day, she began to open up, though not a whole lot. Still, it was a good beginning, and what little she fed me, I began to sense that she would be a good friend. I hoped that she felt the same; I thought she did.

After home room, we went to lunch; again she stayed with me as we chatted quietly. Julia and Marcy came and sat with us. After I had introduced them, I noticed that they took to her okay though she was even quieter. Julia sort of dominated the conversation, and eventually got around to Brian. I explained Brian to Shannon and let her figure out the rest which was easy to do, Julia was so effervescent in talking about him.

We'd gotten a ride in the morning, but took the school bus home. Shannon was dropped off first; it turned out she lived about four blocks from me.

"See you tomorrow, " I said; she gave a warm smile as she left.

* * * *

In time, we became good friends, she being chattier as time went on, but still not much when around others. Julia and Marcy took her near silence as just being how she normally was, namely shy. Every now and then, if they were around, she'd say something, but not often.

It didn't matter to me. There was a quality in Shannon that I really liked, that drew me ever more to her person. What exactly, I couldn't define with one word, but several came to mind. Maybe it was sincerity along with honesty, or maybe that she never seemed to stretch anything to make it more than it was. I had the feeling that there was never a need to question her, or wonder what she really meant, that I could trust whatever she said as being said honestly. I quickly felt as if she was a real person, one that I could always rely on.

We got along so great that we began to study together, first in the library, then in each other's home. Her parents were okay, friendly enough, and didn't seem to mind us studying together, or just being off in either the living room or her room talking about whatever.

When we were at my house, my parents were much more open and friendly, and surprisingly, Shannon seemed to take to them more so than to my other friends. She even talked to Brian, at least more than to Julia or Marcy; Brian took to her too, and maybe due to her, treated me a little better, friendlier, I mean. Brian wasn't a bad brother, in fact, he was a pretty good brother; maybe it was just one of those things where younger sisters were avoided. Maybe that's how it was with other older brothers in their teen years.

We were both excellent students, and had no trouble with any of our classes, though I'd have to say that Shannon was a whiz at math and science. I was good in both, but not like she was. It worked out well for me for when I did have a little trouble with something in either subject; she helped my understanding. That didn't happen often, just on occasion.

During Thanksgiving, and the Christmas holiday, we spent a lot of time at each other's place, and being friendly with our parents. She had a younger brother and sister that were twins; they were friendly with me, more so than their parents were. We didn't exchange presents, just had more time to chat. We did go to the mall together a couple of times.

Finishing the first semester, we lucked out again and had multiple classes together, as well as home room. When we saw that, we grinned happily at each other. She was becoming freer and freer, at least with me. Around others, she was still shy and quiet.

Once again, that second half of the year was a duplicate of how we'd left off the first half. Her parents became slightly friendlier acting, smiling a bit more often, but I think it was just their way. I never spoke to Shannon about them, nor did she offer anything. As far as I was concerned, it was all okay.

Summer vacation cemented us as best friends. We were together more often at one place or another, even going to the movies a few times. The local swimming pool was also a favorite hangout. It did include others such as Julia and Marcy, and even some of the local boys, some of whom hoped to get friendlier with either of us, but Shannon still shied away. Me? I wasn't interested. I was happy just hanging out, most of the time with Shannon. Obviously, she seemed to feel the same way.

It was at the pool that I noticed just how sweet looking Shannon was. She literally had a sweetness. Her swim suit was as mine, a one piece such as many of us wore, but it set her off to where one couldn't help but notice those special looks she had.

"Ya know, that girl is really a looker though you never notice it otherwise, she's so mousy," Julia opined.

"She is, isn't she," Marcy added more as a statement than a question.

Her swim suit was green and highlighted her red hair in a way that none of the clothes she normally wore did. To add to it, her slenderness of figure also came to the fore. She wasn't big breasted like Julia, nor was she of the size of either Marcy or myself, yet she looked as if she were full breasted. Maybe she was, for her body's frame, that is. And as I hadn't seen of her before, she had an ethereal look. She was indeed a real looker.

"It's a wonder the guys ain't on her doorstep day and night, huh?" Julia said. "Somehow I don't think she even knows it. Is she, Brooke?"

"Not to my knowledge. She never shows it, or mentions it in any way," I said.

Julia had it right. If Shannon did realize just how good she looked to others, she never gave a hint. Maybe it was just her shyness.

* * * *

The next school year was a repeat for us. Whatever the fates dictated, or why, I never questioned, I was just happy that it dealt us with a lot of the same classes at the same time. We did spend more time studying together, and discussing our shared interests. It was natural that I eventually found myself thinking of Shannon when we weren't together, wondering at how it was with us, how our friendship seemed to get deeper and deeper. My wondering was always in the realm of how lucky I was—or we were.

Was it that we sensed that no matter what, we could always rely on each other, always know that whatever we said to each other, it was never to be questioned for any ulterior motives or reasons? We never spoke of it as odd, or its being so, we just kept on as we were. We had more than just bonded, and as I thought of that, I was filled with warm feelings. I wondered if after we'd parted that we'd still be in touch with each other. I fervently hoped so.

* * * *

It was in our last year of high school that we did begin to talk more openly, that is, talk about things we hadn't talked about before. In fact, we began to spend time at each other's house on overnight stays. That happened not long after the school year started. It was Shannon that opened up about our friendship. We were at my house and had been idly chatting about mundane things when we were suddenly quiet. I thought it was a prelude to our going to sleep and was about to say good night.

"Brooke, have you ever thought about our friendship? I mean, wondered at how we just clicked. I know I'm shy, but it's strange how I just opened up to you. Have you ever thought of it?" she asked softly.

Though she always talked softly, this time she had a distinctively far away tone in her voice. I thought about it, and as usual, spoke honestly.

"Uh-huh! At times I did wonder about it, how lucky I was that we finally actually met and became friends."

"That sounds like you'd thought of it before it happened," she said. I'd never mentioned having seen her first, but why, I had no idea.

I told her about the first time I saw her, how I'd thought that I'd like to get to know her.

"Oh, I didn't know that," she said sounding as if wondering about it. "Was that why you acted so friendly when we first met, you sounded so friendly?"

"I guess so."

"That's nice. It's what drew me to you so quickly."

"That made it good for both of us, huh?"

"Yeah. Good for both of us. I know it's silly, but I wondered. I've never had a friend before."

"Why not? You're pretty as can be, though a little quiet," I said.

She stifled a laugh. "A little?"

"Oh, okay, maybe a lot, but still..So is there a reason that you're so quiet? I mean, have you thought about what made you that way, if you don't mind my asking?"

She paused, and I sensed that it was a little too touchy for her. "That's okay, Shannon; I didn't mean to pry," I said.

"It's okay; you're my friend, and I guess that's something friends do, huh? Try to get to know more about each other, that is."

"Yeah. That's right; gotta be interested in your friends," I said.

"Thank you," she said, her hand reaching out to take mine and give it a squeeze.

I gave her hand a reciprocal squeeze.

"Good night, Brooke," she said, still holding my hand.

"Good night, Shannon," I said noting that she hadn't let go of my hand.

Maybe she needed to hold it. I didn't mind; in fact, it felt good.

Chapter 2

That night got me to thinking about us, about Shannon. There was no lessening of my feeling of friendship; indeed, it seemed to draw me more to her, and oddly, or not so oddly, she seemed to draw closer to me. When we were together, she even smiled more freely.

I began to feel a new warmth toward her. That gave me a feeling of satisfaction. She was the best friend anyone could ever have, and I was lucky to have met her. That warmth kept growing each time I saw her, or spent with her, and she seemed to be the same.

Toward Thanksgiving, she invited me to spend the night, but on a Saturday. Shannon had told me that if I wanted to, I could go to her church services the next day. My mother said that was fine. There was a feeling of her wanting, needing, me to go to church with her, but I couldn't figure out why I sensed that.

* * * *

After we were in bed, Shannon seemed to be apprehensive. As was my habit, I didn't say a word, just let her say as she would if she would. We did talk as we always did, though somewhat quietly, rather, for her, quieter than normal. In time, I sensed her hand near to mine, then giving it a good night squeeze.

"Good night, Shannon," I said and gave her a responding squeeze.

As before, the didn't let go of my hand. It made me wonder at why she seemed to be needing to do that, as well as the warm sweetness that I'd come to feel from it.

* * * *

Shannon introduced me as a friend from school, and that seemed to be good with everyone. They were all friendly and smiling. The Sunday School was on the Old Testament, what all the Jews had to endure, and why. They also covered some of the Law of Moses as said to be dictated by God. It was perfunctory, but serious. The main service was what was startling to me, and twice over.

First, the song leader stepped forward. He was a very imposing person physically. He was about six feet tall, mildly overweight, but not for his age which I guessed to be about sixty, but it was the rest of him that struck me. He had a full head of white hair, or maybe I should say a mane, and an extremely grave look on his face. It put me in the mind of an Old Testament prophet about to pass God's judgement on someone. In a deep, resounding voice, he told us which hymn to turn to, then he began leading us.

"To God be the glory, great things he hath done..." he sang out, and so did everyone else as if trying to sing as forcefully as he was.

As we all sang, his voice was heard above everyone else's, and it seemed that his grew more judgmental. That's how my mind pictured him being, what with his face becoming even sterner looking, and his nose seemed to rise up and up. When he got to the chorus, he was more impressive:

"Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, let the people rejoice. O come to the Father thro Jesus the son, and give Him the glory, great things he hath done."

When it was time for the sermon, the pastor took over. In contrast to the song leader, he was of average height, kind of spindly, and had balding hair that wasn't sure if it wanted to turn white or not. However, his face and demeanor appeared threatening. Indeed, he preached hellfire and brimstone, and decried all manner of sins, but seemed to especially relish his most venomous words against homosexuality and permissiveness., and in some parts, he shouted it out as I'd never heard before.

Honestly, when it was all over and we were leaving, my whole being felt as if every nerve in it was strung out. When I looked at Shannon, she was as I had never seen her before, her face taut and seemed to want to be twitching...and she had fear on her face though she tried to hide it. Maybe no one else noticed it due to her shy nature, but I was very much attuned to her, oftentimes having watched how she was.

That all made me nervous, but I hid it, and passed it off as preaching such as I'd never heard before, but not that I believed it. Whether it was true or not, I had no idea, but it was something new to me, and damning as can be.

The next day in school, she appeared to be her usual self, but when I looked closer at her, I knew she was faking it. My heart raced with the knowledge that those warm feelings I'd felt when she held my hand as we went to sleep were deeper than I thought. That they were harbingers of nascent feelings in me started to try to come to mind. I hadn't thought of them before, just enjoyed the warmth of the feelings.

* * * *

Shannon came over to study, and also to say overnight on the Friday after Thanksgiving. We did quiz each other on a couple of subjects. As usual, there were no problems. She was glad to have come, and so was I. But when we were in bed, our quiet talking suddenly took on a tense note with Shannon.

"Brooke, what did you think of the services on that Sunday?" she asked very tentatively.

It took me a minute to muster up my answer. "Wow! I've never heard that kind of preaching. It was very intense, but that song leader should have made me know that it would be. Honestly..." I paused.

"Please do; tell me what you thought," she just about pleaded.

"Well, he sort of made me think that his manner was kind of like one of the Old Testament prophets come to give God's judgement to a recalcitrant people. How do you see him?" I dared ask, seeing this as a good opening to talk about things that we never touched on.
