 Turning Contest: A Former Student

Summary: A Professor bumps into ex-student and seduces her sweetly.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert, and Wayne for editing.

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets to spend a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the eleventh seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich trophy wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which a black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7-Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big-breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria's Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby birthday girl at the beach and doubles down with a peeping Belle.

Turning Contest: A Former Student

Score at 12:12 PM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Carol: 3

Jasmine: 3

Crystal: 2

Portia: 2

Veronica: 2

Crystal's phone vibrated as she stood perusing vegetables. She pulled it out and said, a little too loud for a public place, "Fuck!"

The black professor got a couple of looks, but she didn't care... no, she was perturbed. The contest was a fun idea, and she figured she could win, given the number of coeds that sauntered into her office on a daily basis. Yet, the other ladies were really going for it... shit, that timid submissive Carol had three already... although she had the most spare time of the five of them.

In Crystal's case the weekend made seductions more challenging, since everyone seemed to flee the campus to have their fun somewhere else. But even during the week, turnings were more challenging than they used to be, because although coeds were always ripe for the fucking, what with their desperation for good grades, or just a good time with their low moral sexual code and an I'm-now-in-college-away-from-my-folks-so-anything-goes attitude, in recent years it was getting more difficult to seduce a girl who hadn't already munched cunt, with bisexuality way more common. Mind you, she'd had her pussy sampled many times back in her own college days, usually by cute white coeds and one Spanish professor.

As she pondered this, a multi-useful cucumber literally in her hands at the moment, she was startled to hear the words, "Professor Watson, is that you?"

Crystal turned to see someone she vaguely recognized looking at her and instantly thought, Goody! my next prey. She smiled warmly, "Hi, um...."

"It's Eleanor," the girl offered.

"Right, sorry, I teach a lot of students," Crystal apologised.

"I imagine so," Eleanor said.

Crystal asked, cucumber and potential sex toy still in her hand, "So what are you up to nowadays?"

"Last year of college," she answered.

"What are you majoring in?"

"Nursing."

"Well, that explains the white nylons," Crystal joked, looking down at the cute girl's legs sheathed in white.

"I just got off shift," Eleanor said.

"I see," Crystal said, admiring the cute, nerdish girl. She knew this was her opportunity, the seduction Goddess was looking upon her with favour. (God was definitely feminine in her world... and black... and centuries of sexism and racism were the ultimate divine challenge we were finally overcoming with Her help.) Yet, she wasn't sure how to get this one started. Thankfully, Eleanor did it for her.

"Running into you is a wonderful case of serendipity," Eleanor said.

"That is an impressive word choice," Crystal approved, loving the word and actually the movie as well. God, what I wouldn't do to have Kate Beckinsale between my legs. "Tell me, how is our meeting serendipitous?"

"Well, I had been considering coming to your office," she revealed.

"Oh," Crystal grinned. "Then welcome to my produce office. What can I do for you? Would you like a carrot?" she added playfully.

"Actually, my request may be inappropriate," Eleanor began, as Crystal thought to herself, You have no idea how inappropriate I want to be with you. Eleanor then added, "Especially here."

Crystal was intrigued, since she was currently considering using this very cucumber very inappropriately in this very nursing student's cunt. But she contented herself with reassuring her, "Oh, I promise nothing you might say will offend me."

"It's just that... I need someone to edit my final essay and I'm running out of time," Eleanor said.

"Oh, that's all," Crystal said, waving the cucumber beneficently around in the air. "Do you have it with you?"

"Almost, it's on a USB in my apartment," she said. "It's not far from here."

"Well, then what are you doing right now?" Crystal asked.

"Getting a coupla groceries and heading home."

"Do you live alone?" Crystal asked, the seduction falling into place almost all by itself. Serendipity indeed!

"Um, yeah," Eleanor answered.

"I could come over and read it now," Crystal said, before adding to make it happen now, "otherwise I may not have time, as I have essays requiring grading soon."

"Oh, okay," Eleanor said excitedly. "That would be great."

"Let me buy this... salad thing... and we can head over to your place," Crystal said, still waving the cucumber.

"Oh, okay," Eleanor said, wondering why she was going to buy a single cucumber.

"How far did you say it was?" Crystal asked, her pussy tingling with anticipation.

"A block."

"Great, let's go."

"Don't you have any more groceries to get?" Eleanor was still curious.

"This is all I'll need for now," Crystal replied smoothly, knowing she would come back to get the rest of her groceries and likely would have need of a fresh new cucumber after she had seduced this girl.

"Okay," Eleanor replied, still thinking it was weird.

Eleanor paid for her few things, Crystal paid for her 89-cent fuck toy, and they walked the single block to Eleanor's place, sharing small talk along the way.

Once inside, Eleanor took off her shoes and opened her laptop.

Crystal slipped out of her shoes as well and headed to a couch with a footstool, happy she was wearing a sundress that would make it easy to offer her chocolate delicacy when the time came.

Eleanor fired up her computer, brought it over to the professor and said, "I'm so thankful you're doing this for me."

"No problem," Crystal assured her before adding the first hint of her devious real intentions, "I'm sure you can thank me properly when I'm done."

"Anything," Eleanor said.

"Remember those words," the professor warned as she took the laptop onto her lap.

Eleanor thought that was a weird thing to say, but this paper was fifty percent of her grade, the other fifty percent being her final exam, so she really appreciated this assistance, especially since her nursing professor was the toughest grader in the college.

Crystal saw that the paper was for Professor Hamilton and empathised, "Aaaaah, Professor Hamilton, she's tough."

"The toughest," Eleanor agreed.

Crystal didn't elaborate that 'Prof Ham' was also a lesbian who would easily increase someone's grade for some ripe pussy... the Professor and she sometimes tag teaming coeds... although that hadn't happened in a while... over a year, to be sure.

As Crystal began to read, Eleanor said, "I'm going to go change."

Crystal, who liked nylons said, rather abruptly, "No, please stay."

"Um, oh, okay," she said, surprised by the Professor's tone.

Crystal calmed herself down, knowing she was getting too eager, saying, "It's just that I may have some questions."

"Oh, okay, right," Eleanor nodded. "Can I get you anything?"

'Your face buried in my snatch' seemed too forward for now, so she simply requested, "A Coke would be great, if you have one."

"Pepsi okay?" Eleanor asked.

"And if I reply no, that I want a Coke?" the Professor asked, having done that to a waitress on occasion just to see her reaction. This time it was to gauge her response, to assess whether Eleanor was potentially submissive.

"I could run to the store and get you one?" Eleanor asked, surprised and a bit intimidated by the Professor's question.

"Would you, please?" Crystal asked, leading the girl along.

"Sure," Eleanor agreed, thinking it was a rather ridiculous request, but since the professor was doing her a huge favour, it was the least she could do.

"No, it's okay, I was just pulling your chain," Crystal smiled, as Eleanor had begun to put her shoes on, "a Pepsi would be fine," she finished her experiment thinking happily, That certainly answered my question!

"Okay," Eleanor asked, feeling like a fool for thinking the Professor actually wanted her to go all the way to the store for a Coke. She went to the kitchen, grabbed a can of Pepsi and poured it into a glass with ice.

Crystal was still dissecting the opening paragraph when Eleanor returned with the Pepsi and a bag of chips.

Crystal accepted the Pepsi and said, "Your thesis is strong, but you're lacking that 'wow' opening."

"What do you mean?" Eleanor asked.

"Well, the Professor reads hundreds of papers in a year, so it becomes a rather monotonous task for her," Crystal began, although the inside scoop was that Prof Ham's student teacher did most of the grading, "you need to make your paper stand out, particularly at the beginning."

"Oh, okay," Eleanor said, recalling Professor Watson belabouring that point back in first year English... but most of the other Professors didn't care about an eye-catching opening, so she'd stopped putting the effort in.

"So the paper is about the importance of nurses going above and beyond in their nurse-patient relations," Crystal summarized.

"Yes, if you can build rapport with your patients, they will feel more comfortable and thus become more likely to heal," Eleanor amplified, a theory she believed. Too many of her fellow nursing students saw nursing as an attractive job mainly because it paid fairly well, while Eleanor saw it as a calling. She had wanted to be a doctor at first, but wasn't academically strong enough, so nursing was her fall-back choice. Even so, she intended to be one of the best.

"I agree with you," Crystal said, before adding, "so let's test that theory."

"How?"

"Well, as I read this paper, let's pretend I'm the patient and you're my nurse," Crystal suggested.

"Okay," Eleanor agreed, not seeing the point but going along anyway.

"So how do you achieve a good rapport with a patient?"

"You build a relationship with them," Eleanor explained. This was a subject near and dear to her heart.

"Good. How?"

"By talking with them."

"About?"

"Get to know about their families, their lives," Eleanor explained, getting excited. Her research had shown that patients are more comfortable if they trust their nurse, and yet in recent years, statistics have shown a decline in that trust. Thus she had made it a point during her internship for all her time spent with patients to concentrate on drawing them out about what mattered to them.. The approach presented risks to her own wellbeing... she had twice lost a patient and because of her caring involvement it had devastated her each time... yet she considered her own distress to be a price worth paying, and she dealt with some of her pain by knowing that at the very least she had helped her patient's final days be better.

"Interesting," Crystal nodded, before suggesting, "let's live out that philosophy."

"How?" Eleanor asked.

"While I read this, I'll be the patient and you play the caring nurse," Crystal said. "Pretend you like me."

"Okay, but I won't have to pretend very hard," Eleanor chuckled, even though she thought this exercise was a bit unorthodox and impractical. But it was true that she'd always been attracted to Professor Watson, if only in a respectful sort of way.

"Good," Crystal nodded, as she began reading the first proof. After a couple minutes she asked, "Would you ever give a patient a foot rub if she needed one?"

"Although that's not my assigned job, if no one more suitable were available, I would likely do that for her," Eleanor replied earnestly, having actually done it once for an elderly woman.

"This patient could definitely use one," Crystal informed her. "I was in heels all last night at a function."

"Oh," Eleanor said, surprised. She wasn't sure if Professor Watson was serious, but figured it was the least she could do since she was critiquing her entire twelve-page paper for her.

Crystal didn't push it, she just continued reading, sensing from her experience in seduction that Eleanor would obey.

Eleanor approached Professor Watson's feet but wasn't sure where best to position herself to administer this foot rub, as the professor's feet were already on a stool. She considered sitting on the stool and placing the feet in her lap, but that seemed weird... although this situation was already definitely weird... so she knelt on the floor in front of the professor and awkwardly reached for her nylon-clad feet where they were. To her surprise, her stockings were extremely soft, completely different from the scratchy ones she herself was wearing (usually she took the uncomfortable things off before she even left the hospital, but she had forgotten her jeans at home when she left this morning... it was only a four-hour shift). She said, as she massaged the sole of the professor's foot, "These nylons are so soft, Professor."

"They are Wolfords," Crystal explained.

"What are Wolfords?"

"The best brand of sheer classy stockings available, that I order from England," Crystal bragged, the only kind she wore. Yes, they were expensive, but they were sexy, and drew in some of the straight girls, so they helped enhance her overall seductress package.

"They're super soft," Eleanor said, as she continued to rub the professor's foot.

"I know," Crystal said, this not being the first time her sheer stockings had drawn a straight girl in without their even realising it. After a pause, she added, "You would love wearing them: they completely change your level of confidence."

"Really?" Eleanor asked, loving how soft they were, but not connecting that with confidence.

"Oh yes," Crystal nodded, looking down at the subservient young girl, "Confidence is based on many things, such as academics, looks and friends, but to me it's also about what you wear."

"Well, these scrubs and Walmart pantyhose sure don't help," Eleanor joked.

"No, they definitely don't scream sensuous woman," Crystal agreed, as she then announced, "Actually, I have an idea."

"What is it?" Eleanor asked.

"Keep massaging my foot, including each toe and up to my calf while I finish reading your thesis, then I'll share my idea with you," Crystal said,

"Okay," Eleanor agreed, never feeling more awkward in her life, and yet kind of curious what this idea was.

Crystal, a great multi-tasker, having graded many papers while receiving a foot massage or even getting her pussy licked, read the paper while enjoying the soothing massage.

Eleanor did as instructed, massaging each toe individually, massaging the sole, the ankle and up to the calf. The entire time she couldn't believe she was doing it, yet she was also surprised she kind of enjoyed it, especially the couple of times Crystal gave a slight moan of pleasure... not in any sexual way, just one of relaxation and some tension being drawn away.

Crystal instructed, as she kept reading, enjoying the massage and using it as a foundation for the seduction to come, so she herself could come, "Now massage my other foot."

"Okay," Eleanor agreed, moving to the other foot and replicating the thorough massage.

As Crystal finished reading she decided to up the ante for a moment, so she parted her legs rather generously, although not quite lewdly, to reveal two things: first that she was wearing thigh highs, plus if Eleanor looked closer she would see she wasn't wearing any underwear.

Eleanor was working her hands up to the calf when Professor Watson shifted her legs, and Eleanor couldn't help but notice her nylons weren't pantyhose, but something sexier. She'd occasionally seen this type of hosiery online and in the rare porn video (she didn't watch a lot, but she did on occasion when she needed to rub one out). Somehow this just seemed natural for a woman like Professor Watson... she always dressed classy: nice outfits, nylons and heels... always fashionable... it made her wonder if she wore this type of nylons under her professional attire... somehow she thought she would.

As Crystal typed in a dozen comments, Eleanor didn't mean to, but she looked up and let out a slight gasp. She found herself staring at the Professor's vagina, and she saw that it was completely shaved. She tried to look away, knew it was inappropriate to stare, yet she couldn't remove her gaze.

Crystal noticed the prey staring at her pussy and smiled to herself as she finished typing her final comment. "You okay?" she asked, and watched the girl's cheeks go ruby red.

Eleanor stammered, praying the Professor hadn't noticed she'd been staring, "Y-y-yes, my hands are just cramping a bit."

Crystal said, "You may stop, then."

"Thank you," Eleanor said, then realized she'd just thanked her for permission not to massage her anymore.

Crystal got up, went to her purse and pulled out a brand new pair of stockings. She returned to the young girl and said, "So here is my idea..." she began, "...it's to let you try on a pair of Wolfords."

"You carry them in your purse?" Eleanor asked, thinking it was a dumb question, since she'd just watched the professor pull the package out of it.

"Never leave home without an extra pair," Crystal advised, which was true. "I hate runs."

"I do too," Eleanor agreed, as the Professor handed her the package.

"Here, try these on," Crystal offered.

"You sure?" Eleanor asked.

"Sure," Crystal nodded, giving a playful laugh. "I buy them in bulk."

"Oh," Eleanor asked, still tentative.
