 Summary: 18-year-old is selling cookies for her younger sister is seduced.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Tex Beethoven, Robert and 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn the most straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the fourteenth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year-old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby girl at the beach and doubles down on a peeping Belle.

11. Turning Contest: A Former Student, in which CRYSTAL WATSON bumps into a former student, goes back to her place and seduces her slyly.

12. Turning Contest: A Friend in Need, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces, somewhat by accident, her good friend who just caught her husband sucking cock in her kitchen.

13. Turning Contest: A Friend of Amy's, in which VERONICA STONE achieves her third turn with a surprisingly quirky nerd, with the assistance of her first seductee (Turn 1: A Beautiful Blonde).

Turning Contest: A Girl Guide's Sis

Jasmine woke up at one thirty in the afternoon after a wild kinky night at the bar where she had scored three back-to-back-to-back turns and handily taken the lead.

She glanced at her phone and saw she was still in first place, although the scoreboard had been updated and she was no longer there alone.

Scoreboard:

Carol: 3

Jasmine: 3

Crystal: 2

Portia: 2

Veronica: 2

Jasmine texted Carol, surprised to see who she was tied with: You scored two today?

Carol responded back immediately: Yep, and the day is just getting started.

Jasmine got up and made herself a coffee. She then showered and was in her robe when she heard her phone buzz as she returned to her bedroom.

Fuck!

There had been three updates on the scoreboard in fifteen minutes.

It was a fucking tie between all five contestants! It was like starting the contest all over again!

Score at 1:58 PM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Carol: 3

Crystal: 3

Jasmine: 3

Portia: 3

Veronica: 3

This was going to be a lot more competitive than she'd thought. Which in retrospect shouldn't have surprised her. Four of the ladies were natural female predators, shit, all but Carol had seduced their own daughters (Carol's daughter had seduced her... how pitiful), and each was very competitive. The only real surprise was Carol, who was much more a submissive and therefore at a disadvantage, or at least theoretically.

Yet it was a day and a half in, and everyone had scored three turns.

Obviously winning would take a lot of work... fun work to be sure... but work.

She was trying on different outfits for the wedding she was going to crash, hoping to perhaps use the bride for an early orgasm before she walked down the aisle. She had done this three times in the past and always enjoyed the nervousness of the bride going through the ceremony knowing she smelled like fresh cunt, as well as knowing that when the groom kissed the bride he was unknowingly tasting her.

Then as she pondered how she was going to seduce the married Zelda and perhaps the bitchy Tiffany and who knows who else (the mothers of brides or grooms were often easy targets, so were drunken guests and even grandmothers if fate smiled on her), she heard her doorbell ring.

Jasmine, in a black garter-belt and stockings and a matching lace bra, grabbed a robe and went to answer the bell. Reaching the front door, she looked through a peephole to see a cute girl standing there in a girl guide's outfit even though she was obviously too old to be a girl guide, with knee high socks.

Jasmine smiled gratefully up at the lesbian goddess of love as her next turn no doubt had literally just arrived on her doorstep.

She opened the door and greeted, "Hi."

"Hello, ma'am," Emma greeted, slightly disappointed to see a woman answering the door. She had sold ten boxes of cookies so far, all were to men... who had been seduced by her sexy outfit... a size too small and showcasing her tits. She had learned a while ago that sex sells, and she had the body and beauty to capitalize on that truism. She also was very good at flirting with the men.

"Please, it's Jasmine," the seductress said as she assessed her prey. Her only concern was this sexy young thing may have already explored the pleasures of cunnilingus.

Emma smiled warmly, noticing her prospect was in a robe and stockings, and the robe was short enough to show the lace tops of her stockings, "Well, Jasmine, my name is Emma, and I'm selling girl guide cookies. The good ones, chocolate and vanilla, not those mint ones."

"Aren't you too old to be a girl guide?" Jasmine inquired.

Emma was used to this question, since she hadn't been a girl guide since she was twelve, six years ago. She answered with the truth, or at least a truth, since it wasn't her true motivation, "I'm doing this for my sister, who is a girl guide." The actual truth was that the top seller got a brand-new Apple laptop that Emma wanted, and she'd made a deal with her mother that she could have it if she sold the most cookies in her sister's name.

"That's so sweet of you," Jasmine said, already imagining tasting this ripe young thing. She was still kind of hungry from her wee hours breakfast.

"Will you buy a box?" Emma asked, thinking maybe she could get five bucks out of this woman.

"Sure," Jasmine agreed. "Come on in, I was just getting ready for a wedding I'm attending."

"Oh, sorry, I can come back later," Emma offered, then wondered why she'd made the offer. Buying some cookies should take this lady no time at all.

"No, no, come on in," Jasmine said. "It's hot outside, and you could probably use a drink."

"I could use a glass of water," Emma agreed, as she followed the woman into her home.

Jasmine led the young prey into the kitchen and poured her a glass of water. She handed it to her and said, "By the way, I'm impressed."

"Thank you," Emma said taking the glass of water and then added, "Pardon?"

"You're very creative," Jasmine said.

"What do you mean?" Emma asked, confused.

"I was once young too," Jasmine pointed out.

"You still are," Emma said, both trying flattery to perhaps increase the sale, but also meaning it. This woman was very pretty and looked to be in her thirties.

"You're sweet," Jasmine smiled. "But I have a daughter likely older than you."

"No way," Emma said, meaning it, as she sipped on the water.

"How old are you?" Jasmine asked. They hadn't clarified the rules about age in the contest, but she assumed all the turns would all have to be at least eighteen. Teens younger than that would be illegal and/or way too easy, since young girls crave attention.

"Eighteen," Emma answered.

"My daughter is too," Jasmine said, "perhaps you know her. What school do you attend?"

"Bishop," Emma answered.

"Oh no," Jasmine fake gasped.

"What?" Emma asked.

"I've allowed into my house a sworn enemy of Mount Royale," Jasmine mocked.

"Is your daughter Candace Jones?" Emma asked, suddenly realizing there was a striking similarity between this woman and her arch rival. Emma was the head cheerleader for the Bulls, and Candace her bitch counterpart with the Tigers.

"She is," Jasmine nodded. "How do you know her?"

Emma couldn't hide her disgust, "We're both head cheerleaders."

Jasmine gasped slightly, "Are you the Emma?"

"If you mean captain of the Bull cheerleaders and archenemy of your daughter," Emma said with noticeable swagger, "that's me all right."

"I've heard a lot about you," Jasmine said, walking towards her.

"I bet," Emma scoffed. "None of it good, I trust."

"True. But nevertheless, do you want me to help you sell all those cookies in no time at all?" Jasmine offered, now standing directly in front of her.

"Why would you do that?" Emma asked, no longer trusting this woman based on the bitch child she'd released into the world... the saying 'like mother, like daughter,' existed for a reason.

"Well for one thing, Candace has been a bit of a bitch lately," Jasmine said, taking the pretty teen by the hand and leading her to her bedroom.

"Where are we going?" Emma asked, for some reason compliant to the mother of her nemesis.

"To get something to help you sell the rest of those cookies," Jasmine answered, as they reached the room.

"Really?" Emma asked, somehow drawn to this woman and curious how this lady could help her make Candace's life miserable.

"Sit at the edge of the bed," Jasmine ordered.

"Um, okay," Emma agreed, as she watched the older woman reach into her dresser drawer.

Jasmine found a pair of mocha thigh high stockings that almost perfectly matched the girl's girl guide uniform, and she returned to the girl.

Emma saw the package of pantyhose and asked skeptically, even as she watched Candace's mom lower herself before her, "Pantyhose?"

"Stockings," Jasmine corrected. "Sheer, silk stockings."

Emma had often imagined Candace on her knees before her, not in a sexual way, she wasn't a lesbian, but in a grovelling, 'I lost, you won' sort of way. "What's the dif?"

"Oh, you'll see," Jasmine said, as she pulled off the teen's runner and pulled down the long sock before Emma even knew what was happening.

"W-w-what are you doing?" Emma stammered, stunned by some of her clothing disappearing without warning.

"Making you completely irresistible," Jasmine answered, as she grabbed a stocking and went to put it on the stunned teen.

Emma pointed out, "That was the purpose of this outfit."

"A good start, which is why downstairs I called you creative, but have you sold an entire box to a house yet?" Jasmine asked, as she slowly glided her hands up the teen's legs.

The hands felt weirdly nice as Emma admitted, "A quarter of a box is my best so far."

"Then either you aren't selling yourself effectively enough or you need this accessory," Jasmine said logically, the nylon now smoothed up to the teen's thigh. She glanced between her legs and saw a pair of black cotton panties. Boring! She added, "Feel the nylon."

As Jasmine prepared the second stocking, Emma stroked the nylon on her leg. She let out a small gasp, "Wow, these are soft!"

"I buy them from France," Jasmine informed her.

"I can see why you would," Emma replied, enamoured of the sheer, silky stocking on her leg.

"Let's put the other one on and let you see how they enhance your outfit and bring it to life," Jasmine suggested, removing Emma's other shoe and sock.

"Okay," Emma agreed, now eager to see what they looked like on her legs. She'd only worn pantyhose once, at a funeral, and found them to be itchy and annoying.

Jasmine applied the second stocking and resisted the temptation to go for broke right then and there. She stood back up, pulled Emma up and told her, "Now go look in the mirror."

Emma did. "Wow!"

"Indeed," Jasmine purred, admiring the beautiful teen.

"You were right," Emma admitted, still admiring herself in the mirror.

"I usually am," Jasmine preened, as she walked up to the teen and added, "There is just one more thing."

"What is that?" Emma asked, now willing to take heed of this stranger, regardless of her daughter.

"Well, you know how I said I wanted to help you because I was pissed off at my daughter?" Jasmine began.

"Yes," Emma said, "I'm usually pissed off at your daughter too."

"Want to one up her?" Jasmine asked.

"Definitely," Emma said.

"Come with me," Jasmine ordered, taking her hand.

Emma followed again, still finding this entire encounter rather surreal and oddly exciting, even though she couldn't explain why.

Jasmine led her into Candace's room and said, "Take off your panties."

"Pardon, but why?" Emma asked, startled by the request.

"Trust me."

"I don't see why I...." Emma began, as Jasmine abruptly raised Emma's skirt to her waist, grabbed the panties and pulled them down, taking a nice close look at the teen's shaved snatch... one she hoped to be devouring soon.

"What are you doing?" Emma asked, even as she automatically lifted each foot to allow her panties to be removed completely.

"Helping you to take revenge on my daughter," Jasmine answered.

"How?" Emma asked, bewildered by this whole encounter.

"By fucking her mother," Jasmine answered. "She'll be so pissed."

Emma's eyes went wide as Jasmine raised her skirt and slid a finger inside her, causing Emma to realize she was quite wet.

Jasmine, a g-spot expert, quickly found her target, not easy from this angle, and tapped it three times as she whispered in her most seductive tone, "You're already soaked, my pet."

"Oh, God," Emma trembled, her entire body quaking at the magical fingers of this aggressive mom.

"Want me to get you off?" Jasmine asked, stopping the tapping.

"Oh my... I... God..." Emma babbled, before begging, the recent pleasure so intense she desperately needed to feel it again, "yes, please."

"Have you been with a girl before?" Jasmine asked the crucial question, giving her two quick taps.

"N-n-no," Emma stammered, effectively paralyzed by the sudden molestation and by how good it felt. She had fucked three guys, she even came once with a hot college guy three years older than she, but nothing had ever come close to the pleasure she was experiencing right now.

"But you'll be a good girl for me?" Jasmine asked, two more taps.

"I-I-I don't know," Emma stuttered, bewildered by what was happening. The pleasure was consuming her, but she wasn't a lesbian and couldn't figure out how having sex with Ms. Jones could have anything to do with getting revenge on Candace.

"I think you do," Jasmine insisted warmly, two more taps.

"How will it be revenge?" Emma asked, trying to find a way to allow this to happen while still saving face.

"Well for one, you can wipe your wet cunt cum all over my daughter's pillow," Jasmine offered wickedly, three taps.

"Oooooooh," Emma moaned.

"Want to grind this sweet cunt all over Candace's pillow? Mark her lair?"

"I kind of do," Emma nodded, the idea so wicked.

"Go ahead and do it, and I'll give you the most intense orgasm you've ever experienced," Jasmine ordered.

"You sure?" Emma asked, not wanting this finger to ever leave her.

"Go ahead," Jasmine said, pulling her finger out. "Then I'll take you places you didn't know existed."

"Fuck it," Emma shrugged, her orgasm so close she would do anything to get that finger back inside her. Plus, the idea that tonight Candace would lay her head in her pussy juice was super exciting.

Jasmine watched as Emma went to the bed, grabbed the pillow, shoved it between her legs and dragged it back and forth. "Therapeutic?" Jasmine asked.

"It is," Emma said, rubbing her wet pussy all over the bamboo-pattern pillow case.

"You know of course that my daughter is a lesbian," Jasmine mentioned.

"No way," Emma retorted, surprised.

"It's probably why she's mean to you," Jasmine offered, walking towards the bed.

"I don't follow you. Why?" Emma asked, making sure she got the entire pillow as wet as possible with her cunt juice.

"She probably has a crush on you," Jasmine planted a seed for the future then added, "and she hates your school, of course."

Emma was surprised once again as the mother dropped her robe, revealing her all-black lingerie, commando style.

Jasmine climbed onto the bed, pushed the teen onto her back and straddled her face.

Emma's eyes went wide as she stared at a wet pussy and its subtle scent drew her in.

Jasmine explained, "Get me off, and I'll finish what I started."

Emma hesitated at the expectation. She desperately wanted Jasmine to finish what she started without delay. But she also was becoming curious to know what a pussy tasted like as one lingered inches above her, entrancing her with both its inviting beauty and its intriguing scent.

So after a pause, Emma leaned up a couple inches, extended her tongue and licked.

"Good girl," Jasmine moaned, a rush going through her not only at achieving another turn, but at achieving one of this magnitude... this very moment she had turned her daughter's archenemy.

Emma had never seriously considered having lesbian sex, had never considered what a pussy might taste like, yet as she tentatively licked her first pussy, she was overwhelmed.

It wasn't a fishy taste like her ex had described it.

It wasn't the least bit disgusting as some boys had called it.

It was a subtle taste, suffused in a surprising amount of wetness with a thrilling tang that had her body tingling with unexplainable excitement.

"You're a natural at this," Jasmine moaned, as the teen's licks became more aggressive... something that typically only happened when a new turn had progressed through the normal stages. Stage one, What's happening to me? Stage two, Okay, I'll just try it. Stage three, Tentative licking. Stage four, Eager acceptance. Stage five, Cum-hungry lust. Emma had leaped immediately to stage three and soon progressed to four.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Emma said between licks, wanting this woman to know this wasn't who she was.

Jasmine smiled but didn't say anything and just enjoyed the teen's tongue.

Emma was getting turned on licking, which made no sense as none of her erogenous zones were involved in the slightest. She decided it was no longer about her own pleasure as it had been when she decided to do this; no, now it was all about getting this woman off, about tasting the full flood of her cum. She didn't just want to get her off, she needed to, and the idea itself was what was getting her hornier.
