 Summary: A jilted woman is comforted and seduced by her best friend.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Tex Beethoven, Robert, 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the twelfth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year-old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby girl at the beach and doubles down on a peeping Belle.

11. Turning Contest: A Former Student, in which CRYSTAL WATSON bumps into a former student, accompanies her back to her place and seduces her slyly.

Turning Contest: A Friend in Need

Portia checked her phone following her seduction in the Victoria Secret and found four texts and a missed call from Abby, one of her best friends. She read the texts:

-You up yet?

-Call me when you get this.

-I'm so pissed off.

-I caught Jack cheating on me. With a guy!

Fuck! Abby was one of the sweetest women Portia had ever met, and Jack a nice enough guy, although rather self-centered and shallow. Portia couldn't fathom him ever cheating, especially with a guy. This was surreal.

She immediately called her distraught friend.

On the third ring Abby answered, trying to sound like she hadn't been crying for over two hours, ever since coming home early from getting groceries because she'd forgotten her phone, to see her husband sucking their eighteen-year-old neighbour's cock.

"Hi."

"Is what I read true?" Portia asked, still trying to process the shock.

"I'm afraid so," Abby replied, also still struggling to process it.

"What happened?" Portia asked.

"I caught him blowing the teenager from next door."

"No way," Portia scoffed, even though that surprised her less than if Jack had been the one getting blown. She had also learned from conversations at work that gay sex had become quite common, especially blow jobs. According to her colleague Xander, who was a very handsome man and had connections with many male celebrities, gay sex among both genders was all the rage.

"Yeah, they were doing it right in my kitchen," Abby added.

"I'm on my way over," Portia said, figuring her next seduction would have to wait.

"Can I come to your house instead?" Abby asked worriedly. She desperately needed to get out of the house: the scene of the crime.

"Sure," Portia agreed, "I'll be home in twenty minutes."

"You sure?"

"Definitely," Portia said, "you need a friend at a time like this and I'm that friend, so I'm dropping everything, no worries. I know you'd do the same for me."

"Thanks, you're a dear," Abby said gratefully, struggling to hold back another round of tears.

"See you soon," Portia said, before hanging up and rushing back to her car, her phone buzzing again.

At a light she glanced at her phone and gasped. Carol had just gotten two conquests and was now tied for first. No way! No way she could lose to Carol, she would never hear the end of it.

Scoreboard:

Carol: 3

Jasmine: 3

Crystal: 2

Portia: 2

Veronica: 2

That said, the competition would have to wait; first she had to be there for Abby.

Portia arrived home just as Abby pulled up. Portia still had on the lingerie she'd purchased at Victoria Secret: a black bra, a garter belt with matching black stockings with a seam down the back, and a thong. And her charcoal business suit on the outside, of course. Four-inch heels. Abby meanwhile was in a blue sundress like she often was, and bare-legged, something Portia had tried to convince her more than once wasn't nearly as sexy as hosiery.

Portia pulled her distraught friend in for a big hug as Abby immediately burst into another round of her ongoing tears. Portia rubbed her back and held her friend, knowing that sometimes just being there to provide emotional and physical support was more comforting than any words.

After a minute Abby broke away and complained, "Ten years of marriage."

"I still can't imagine it," Portia said, not sure what to say.

"Oh trust me, I can imagine it very clearly ever since I saw it, I can't get rid of it," Abby bemoaned; try as she might, she'd been totally unable to push the visual of her husband bobbing hungrily on the teen's dick out of her head.

Portia took her hand and led her into the house, "Can I get you a drink?"

"Whiskey," Abby answered.

"Single or double?" Portia offered, feeling so sorry for her friend, as she slipped out of her heels.

"Definitely a double please," Abby said, removing her own heels before following Portia into the kitchen.

"Coke or Sprite?" Portia asked, as she went to her well-stocked liquor cabinet, as she often hosted gatherings at her home.

"Coke."

"Jack or Gibson's?"

"Jack."

"You sure? Last time you drank JD you ended up telling me all about your sex life," Portia pointed out.

"You mean my lack of one?" Abby countered, recalling her last birthday party and the endless drinks Portia had poured her that by the end had contained a dash of Coke more for color than anything else.

"Exactly," Portia nodded, as she poured the drinks.

"That night he got very lucky," Abby said, "but it wasn't making love, it was anger sex."

"So... who will you favour today then?" Portia asked pointedly but without undue emphasis, handing Abby a drink.

Abby downed the entire double without a breath it seemed, before handing the glass back to Portia and requesting, "Another, please."

"As you wish," Portia acceded, even though she was a little concerned about Abby getting too drunk and doing something stupid. She poured her another drink, allowing her only a single this time, before they headed into the living room.

"So, are you divorcing him?" Portia asked.

"Do I have a choice?" Abby asked, the tears beginning to flow again, as she slumped down on the couch.

Portia sat beside Abby and put a hand on her knee and said, "Of course you do. You shouldn't make a rash decision based on an initial rush of emotion, especially one about such a long-standing marriage."

"To a cock sucking faggot," Abby snapped, her words dripping with venom.

Portia was shocked at the sentiment, but even more at the swearing, something she had never heard from the sweet kindergarten teacher's mouth except when she'd had a few drinks. She'd apologized once last year for saying 'damn' when she stubbed her toe.

Portia asked, "What did Jack say?"

"He stammered an apology."

"Then what?"

"I asked how long it had been going on."

"And?"

"Six months," Abby revealed," "six fucking months literally, pardon my swearing." Even worse! This had been going on for half a year.

"Oh my," Portia empathized.

"Yeah," Abby sighed heavily before adding, Portia the only person she felt comfortable telling everything to, "and he's been taking it in the ass."

"He said that?" Portia asked, still feeling shocked by all she was hearing.

"He didn't say much at all. But that kid Joey was happy to throw it in my face," Abby said, recalling the teen standing there not bothering to put his dick away as Jack scrambled to get up, the kid arrogantly offering her his admittedly impressive cock.

"No way," Portia gasped.

"Yeah, the teen offered to fuck me as well, 'to get the whole happy family in on the act'," Abby continued, replaying the crazy experience where she had stood there trying to contain her rage and despair while the unconcerned teen had placidly stroked his cock and leered at her while offering to 'fuck you too.'

"Maybe you should have," Portia said, an idea popping into her head. Maybe my good friend could be my turn number three! She quickly pushed the idea out of her head, as she didn't want to take advantage of Abby when she was so vulnerable... although it was tempting. Abby knew she was bi, and Portia had offered on numerous occasions to help Abby explore the other side, but the shy sweetheart, who had only ever had sex with her husband, had always declined. Fortunately the issue had never stood in the way of their close friendship, it was just an offer remaining on the table while life went on.

"I actually did think about it," Abby said with a slight smile, "his dick was a lot bigger than Jack's."

Portia knew that Jack had a small cock, Abby had admitted as much years ago during a girl's night when too much wine was drunk. "How much bigger?" Portia asked.

"I didn't ask him or measure it," Abby joked and added, "but substantially bigger."

"That would be a great revenge," Portia said. "You could finally see what you're missing, and Jack couldn't even complain."

"Interesting idea: I could cuckold the jerk," Abby seized on it, the idea of making him watch while she got fucked by a bigger dick seemed rather appealing... a fitting revenge.

"I can't believe you even know what that 'C' word means," Portia laughed, truly surprised to hear such an unconservative term coming from her friend's lips.

"I'm not totally insulated, I do watch porn," Abby pointed out. Truth was, as her and Jack's sex life had gotten more and more boring and predictable, and since she'd never been with another man, she had become curious about what a bigger dick would feel like, especially after seeing some monsters in action online.

"Really? I'm impressed. What kind of porn?"

"Mostly hetero, I'm sorry to tell you," Abby teased, recalling that Portia had offered her lesbian services on more than a couple of occasions.

"Mostly," Portia pounced, giving her friend's leg a knowing squeeze.

"'Hot and Mean' is a cool Brazzers series," Abby smiled, having indeed watched not only some lesbian sex, which she didn't mind telling Portia about, but had also gotten off magnificently to a few lesbian seduction scenes, which she wouldn't dare admit to Portia, as it would only offer her a green light. Also something she didn't feel like telling her friend: she'd had more than a few fantasies, and even some sex dreams where Portia had seduced her. However, a secret that Portia did know was that she'd never come from having sex... neither oral nor penetration... her orgasms only coming from her fingers and her rabbit vibrator (the one Portia had bought her when she learned of 'this tragedy', Portia's words).

"When you watch, do you imagine yourself the seducer or seductee?" Portia asked, realizing the opportunity to finally seduce her dear friend may have arrived, and that there was no doubt Abby would benefit greatly if she succeeded, 'just what the doctor ordered,' so to speak.

"I plead the fifth," Abby replied cautiously, realizing she may have just opened the door to a fresh attempt from her rather aggressively sexual friend. What she didn't know was whether she was certain she didn't want her to succeed this time. Truth was, at first she had been shocked by her friend's advances, then later she felt flattered, and by now it had evolved into a fun, playful game that popped up from time to time. Yet during the past few months, ironically ever since Portia had stopped actively flirting with her, she had to admit, if only to herself, she'd become more and more curious.

For Abby, the lesbian porn she watched seemed more realistic than the heterosexual version. The all-female orgasms seemed more authentic, raw and real. In other words, nobody was faking, like she did every time Jack fucked her (before she trudged to the washroom to finish off what he hadn't). Which made her wonder if Jack at least finished off his male paramour.

Portia smiled, "I'll take that as you prefer being the pet."

"Meow," Abby responded playfully, and then wondered why she did that. She then added, to move the focus away from the lesbian talk, "Mostly I watch porn where guys with big dicks fuck the hell out of the girls."

"Black dicks?" Portia asked, having long been a connoisseur of dicks of all races, and having had a couple of gloriously huge black cocks really dominate her. Although she was a dominant with the girls she seduced or fucked, she was almost always submissive with the men.

"Sometimes black," Abby shrugged playfully, as she thought of the video of Carolyn Sweets taking two black cocks in a scene called 'Paying his Debts', as she added, "They do say once you go black..."

"There happens to be some truth to that," Portia agreed, before adding, "although I've also had some very large white dick, and the biggest one I ever had was attached to a Muslim whose skin was very dark, but he wasn't what we normally call a black man."

"How big?" Abby asked, having become a fantasy size slut.

"I'm not sure, to tell you the truth, but definitely more than ten inches," Portia answered, using her hands to show the size she remembered.

"So more than twice the size of my needle dick," Abby quipped.

"And more than twice as thick," Portia added.

"I need me one of those," Abby sighed, thinking it would be nice for sex to actually make her come, for her to be fucked like a porn star so hard she lost herself in it.

"I may be able to help you with that," Portia said, giving her friend one more knowing leg squeeze and thinking of the ten-inch strap-on she kept in her bedroom. She made a decision and stood up.

"You have a black man upstairs?" Abby joked, thinking that if she were to be offered a black cock right now, she would eagerly spread her legs.

"Not upstairs, but I could phone one up if you wish," Portia offered, meaning it.

"That's actually tempting," Abby admitted, deciding it was okay for her to cheat if she wanted to, since the asshole had done it first.

"Hold that thought," Portia smiled. She then added, "I'll be right back."

Abby called back, "I seriously am."

Portia went to her bedroom having decided to go for broke. Part of her wasn't sure this was right, wasn't entirely altruistic, yet she felt compelled to show Abby just how good sex could be, and she had confidence in herself as an amazing pussy pleaser. She removed her dress and thong and attached her biggest strap-on cock, a ten-inch black snake that she rarely found opportunity to use, but loved the results when she did so.

Abby was nervous and excited. Where is Portia going? What's taking her so long up there? What did she mean when she told me, 'I may be able to help you with that'? Is Portia going to hit on me again? Do I want her to? As she pondered all this, she thought she might give in to Portia's advances if they presented themselves, as her bitterness over this morning had her wanting to experience my own cheating moment. One thing was for sure, although she was furious at what she had caught her husband doing, this brief sexual conversation with Portia had gotten her pussy very wet.

Portia headed back downstairs to the living room with a rush of adrenaline. She always enjoyed the thrill of seduction and the satisfaction of completion... yet this time it was different. This time she was confident she wasn't being predatory in the least, she was helping a lost soul who also happened to be a dear friend, by helping her to awaken the sexual being living dormant within her. Portia knew (because Abby had told her) that she'd never come from intercourse, neither oral nor vaginal, and that was just a shame, or as she had told Abby, a 'tragedy'. It was why she'd offered on numerous occasions outwardly playfully but inwardly deadly seriously, to rock her world. She sensed that after so many gentle refusals, today her friend was ready to give her a Yes.

Abby had finished her second drink and looked up to see her friend entering the room wearing nothing but provocative black lingerie and a massive black cock jutting out of her crotch. Immediately her eyes went wide and her pussy tingled. She tried to act casual as she joked, "So you really did have a black cock upstairs."

"I keep him around for emergencies," Portia smiled, sauntering over to Abby.

"Emergencies?" Abby asked, as she stared at the massive, lifelike black cock.

"Yes, your dilemma today is definitely an emergency," Portia added, now standing in front of her cute friend.

"How so?" Abby asked, looking up at her good friend, feeling herself almost ready to cross the line she'd resisted all these years.

"Go ahead, Abby, suck my big black cock," Portia ordered softly.

Abby joked, "I'm not used to encountering anything remotely this big."

"There's always a first time for everything," Portia encouraged her. "Let's make your black cock fantasy come true."

"It does look pretty real," Abby admitted as she reached out a hand to stroke the fake cock.

"It's modeled to be as close to the real thing as possible," Portia added.

"I'm not sure we should be doing something like this," Abby demurred, although she was really just saying it to tip Portia into taking charge. She had resisted her offers in the past, and although at first she really did have no interest, her curiosity had been increasingly piqued as time went by. Yet, she didn't really want to tell Portia this, she wanted Portia to know her well enough to take control.

Fortunately, Portia could read her good friend very well. She also had much experience in reading women on the verge of turning. She knew without a doubt Abby was ready: all the signs were there. The glazed longing in her eyes, the outer shyness attempting to hide an inner hunger, the slack expression on her face, her quick, shallow breathing. Abby wanted this; Abby needed this; even as she hesitated, she was obviously hoping her experienced friend would make the decision for her. Part of the almost stereotypical pattern that Abby was emulating was that she longed to be beckoned ahead but she feared the possible rejection; so she was frozen, unable to ask for what she wanted, yet unable to back away. Portia knew all this and was going to make it happen. She welcomed her friend forward by ordering, her tone firm but not at all harsh, "Suck it, Abby, suck my cock." Then after a brief pause added, "Now!"
