 Summary: Black bitch is caught fucking in store and cuckqueaned.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert, 

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the sixteenth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year-old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby girl at the beach and doubles down on a peeping Belle.

11. Turning Contest: A Former Student, in which CRYSTAL WATSON bumps into a former student, goes back to her place and seduces her slyly.

12. Turning Contest: A Friend in Need, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces, somewhat by accident, her good friend who just caught her husband sucking cock in her kitchen.

13. Turning Contest: A Friend of Amy's, in which VERONICA STONE gets her third turn with a surprisingly quirky nerd with the assistance of her first seductee (turn 1: A Beautiful Blonde).

14. Turning Contest: A Girl Guide's Sis, in which JASMINE JONES seduces an 18-year-old selling cookies for her younger sister and who just happens to be her daughter's crosstown rival.

15. Turning Contest: A Hit & Lick, in which CRYSTAL WATSON is hit from behind at a red light by a teenage girl and seizes the opportunity to achieve not one, but two turns, seducing the nerdish driver and her Muslim friend.

Turning Contest: A Kinky Cuckquean

Veronica sighed as she saw that Jasmine had once again taken the lead. This had turned (pun intended) into a much more challenging competition than she'd anticipated. To avoid trailing hopelessly she would likely need at least one more turn before her workday ended today, as she was attending a friend's game night tonight and the odds of seducing a turn while she was there were miniscule.

Score at 2:32 PM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Jasmine: 4

Carol: 3

Crystal: 3

Portia: 3

Veronica: 3

The store was busy, not uncommon for a Saturday, and since she was well staffed, she decided to wander around the store and see if she could find a ripe young lady ready to be plucked from the straight tree.

Yet most of the customers were girls in groups, moms and daughters (she had seduced a mom and daughter before... three times actually... but that had always been during a weekday when things were slow) and girls in pairs.

After a fruitless while she got another update: Crystal had just gotten a double turn and not only taken the lead, but now had a two-turn lead over three of them, including Veronica. "Shit," she sighed as she began to feel an urgency.

Score at 3:24 PM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Crystal: 5

Jasmine: 4

Carol: 3

Portia: 3

Veronica: 3

She continued her hunt for straight cunt for another ten minutes. She saw two teens looking at dresses but figured they were too young. There was a mother and daughter who looked deliciously appealing, but she would need to contrive some way of getting them alone, and it was simply too busy in here at the moment.

Then things got crazy busy and she had to assist at the cash register. When things slowed down at quarter to four, she was happy to see there at least hadn't been another score update.

She'd resumed trying to find a target for a viable turn when Georgia, one of her employees, approached her and reported, looking completely rattled, "Veronica, we have a problem."

"What is it?" she asked, there usually being around a dozen problems in a day in the minds of her employees, with no more than one of them actually being one.

"A couple is having sex in a change room," Georgia told her, scandalized.

"Oh my," Veronica breathed, not at all scandalized and only slightly surprised. Every so often she'd caught people having sex in her change rooms. Twice it had been lesbian sex, the rest were usually girls giving their boyfriends head... or a couple of times wives giving their husband a blow job. Only once had there been full intercourse. That figure had apparently just advanced to two.

"She's really loud, too," Georgia added.

"Which room?" Veronica asked, her curiosity piqued by the possibility of the turn she was looking for, even though she pretended to be all concerned and of course scandalized, as she followed her employee towards the sex act.

"Four," Georgia answered.

Her question, it turned out, had been rather redundant as the location, as well as the nature of the activity, became rather obvious as she neared the suite of change rooms.

"Give it to me," a female voice moaned.

"Shushhhhhh," a male voice urged.

"Okay, I'll take care of it Georgia," Veronica dismissed the employee, thinking this looked very promising, and perhaps would even be a perfect, although rather unorthodox, opportunity for her next turn.

"Thank you, Ms. Stone," Georgia replied, finding the entire situation painfully awkward and gratefully seizing the opportunity to scurry back to work in a faraway part of the store.

"Harder," came a moan from behind the door.

Veronica saw a mother and daughter, as well as three other girls in the area... all listening with varying blends of curiosity, amusement, shock, titillation and disgust. She said to them, "I'm sorry ladies, but can you please leave the area for a while and give me some privacy while I deal with this unfortunate occurrence? Thank you." In truth she considered the occurrence far from unfortunate, but still felt the need to portray a respectable role.

They left, a couple of the girls reluctantly, and Veronica pulled out her keys to open the assumedly locked door.

"Fuck me hard, damn it," the girl demanded.

"Shushhhh," the guy murmured again, obviously far more worried about being caught than she was.

"Then bloody fuck me!" she demanded.

"I don't want us to get caught," the guy said.

Veronica abruptly opened the door and announced, as she saw a young and slender black beauty with nice but not huge tits wearing only a bra, bent over and using the wall for support as a good-looking well-built white teen was fucking her. "Sorry to interrupt folks, but you're busted."

"Oh shit," the boy said, pulling out to reveal a pretty impressive member.

"Get out of here, bitch," the black girl demanded, not deigning to cover herself up.

Veronica admired both nice firm bodies as she tried to take charge, all business on the outside, "This is my store, and you two are creating a disturbance."

"All we're doing is fucking," Rosa, the black girl, denied any wrongdoing, before adding, glaring at the older woman, "I imagine you used to do the same thing when you were young back in the fifties."

Veronica ignored that the girl had just implied she was in her seventies.

The boy pulled up his pants as he pleaded, "Rosa, don't."

"What?" Rosa asked. "It's no big deal, we were just fucking, it's natural."

Veronica smiled wickedly, as she saw the guy put on a football jacket, "Oh, I don't disagree miss, intercourse can be a natural and beautiful thing in an appropriate location between two people who love each other."

"Oh my God," Rosa said in disgust, "Okay, appropriate grandma."

Veronica sighed, confiscating the girl's purse and snatching the wallet from the boy's jacket pocket, "Enough. Get dressed and come out of here. We will deal with this matter in my office, and in a civilized manner."

"Give me back my purse, you fucking bitch," Rosa snapped, grabbing for it.

Veronica opened the door and said, "Whether I call the police or not will be decided during our next conversation, so consider your upcoming demeanor carefully. For instance, calling me old, or a bitch, may not be in your best interests." She marched out.

The boy, mortified, worried, "I knew we'd get in trouble!"

"Oh shut up, you pussy," Rosa snapped.

"She's going to call the police!" her boyfriend stressed, not wanting a record. It would kill his scholarship opportunities, and he had quite a few to choose from right now. If he didn't blow it like maybe he just had.

"And charge us with what?" Rosa asked. "Fucking?"

Veronica, who had been shamelessly eavesdropping, called gently through the door, listing some possible charges, "Indecent exposure, lewd public activity, disturbing the peace, exhibitionism, voyeurism, even corrupting minors... there were some kids out here." She then pulled out their ID's, noting that the boy's name was Cam, and waved to an employee, requesting, "Please photocopy these, Marge."

"Of course, Ms. Stone," the employee agreed, accepting them and walking away.

"Fuck off, bitch," Rosa snapped, although this time it wasn't out of anger and defiance, but defensively because of a sudden realization that maybe she was in some real trouble that she couldn't bluster or flirt her way out of.

Cam, usually not one to stand up to his bitchy but beautiful girlfriend, snapped, trying to stress the severity of the situation, "Fucking shut up, Rosa. We're in trouble here."

Rosa was shocked by Cam's outburst, not used to being challenged, and sighed dramatically, "Fine," as she got dressed.

The employee returned the ID's and Veronica held onto them as collateral to manipulate the two teens, making it obvious what she was retaining as she returned the couple's wallet and purse.

Once dressed, Rosa now feeling worried and even a bit guilty, this entire fuck in a public place having been her idea, promised Cam less rudely, "Don't worry, I'll get us out of this."

"Just be respectful," Cam stressed. He was worried, knowing Rosa didn't just have a short fuse, she had a trigger fuse: if something triggered her she went ballistic, and when that happened no way would you want to be in her range of fire. He added, "I can't afford to get a record, so please behave."

"Okay, Okay," Rosa acknowledged with a big sigh. She could only imagine what her father might do if he learned she'd been charged with indecent exposure or worse.

They exited the change room and Veronica ordered them in a serious tone, "Come with me."

The teens followed her down the hallway as if being marched toward a stone wall to face a firing squad.

"Sit down," Veronica ordered, once they'd all entered her private office in the back of the store and she'd locked the door.

"Yes, ma'am," Cam said as politely as possible.

Rosa also sat as she tried to figure a way out of this. She had long used her beauty and talents in flirtation to almost always get what she wanted... but that had been when dealing with boys and men. Assisted by some generous cleavage, she had twice flirted her way out of speeding tickets, but she wasn't sure such wiles were going to work with this ancient prude.

Veronica began with, "First of all, your ID's say your names are Rosa Bushworth and Cameron Parks. Is that correct?"

"Yes, ma'am," replied Cam courteously, "but most people call me Cam."

"Very well, Cam and Rosa," Veronica continued, "we have a problem."

"Please, what can we do to make it better?" Cam asked.

"I'm not sure," Veronica said, even though she knew exactly what she planned to do... to teach his mouthy bitch a lesson.

"Please, we'll do anything necessary," Cam added, before looking anxiously at his impulsive girlfriend and adding, "Won't we?"

"Yes. Fine," Rosa sighed.

"Rosa, I don't think you understand the full severity of your actions," Veronica warned her, "a conviction of any of the charges I listed earlier will make it very difficult for you to find a job anywhere; even fast food establishments aren't fans of sex offenders."

"I'm not a sex offender," Rosa replied tersely.

"I'm not saying you are," Veronica said, "but the law might decide otherwise."

"Oh God," Cam said, seeing his entire future falling apart before his eyes.

"And you, young man," Veronica said, turning her gaze upon the clearly stressed out athlete, "any football scholarships on your horizon?"

"Yes, ma'am," he nodded.

"You can probably say goodbye to those," the sly MILF dismissed, setting them up for desperation: willing to do whatever she required.

"Please, ma'am," Cam pleaded, repeating his earlier offer, "we'll do anything."

"Is that true, Rosa, will you do anything?" Veronica asked, returning her interrogatory gaze back to her primary target, enjoying the sight as both of these privileged teens squirmed.

"Yeah, I guess," Rosa sighed again, trying to figure this woman out. She hadn't called the cops yet, although she likely should have by now, and definitely could have. She couldn't figure it out yet, but the store owner's scare tactics hinted that she had an end game in mind. She just had to avoid panicking like the woman obviously hoped she would, and keep playing it cool.

"Good," Veronica said. "If you two do exactly as I say, we can let this little indiscretion go."

"Thank you, ma'am," Cam said, for the first time feeling some hope that maybe there was a way out of this predicament. "We'll do anything."

Rosa said nothing and bided her time.

"I'll test that," Veronica smiled. "Stand up, Cam."

Cam did.

"Pull out your cock," Veronica ordered.

"Pardon?" he asked; even though he'd heard her, he hadn't thought that was something she could possibly say.

"Oh my God," Rosa laughed boisterously, the woman's game plan suddenly clear. The old bag just wants some young cock. Getting out of this is going to be way easier than I thought!

"I told you to pull out your cock." Veronica repeated.

"Seriously?"

"Now," Veronica ordered.

"Do it," Rosa said, "the old bitch probably hasn't been fucked in years."

Cam complied by rising and pulling down his pants and underwear but said firmly, "Rosa, that's enough."

"What?" Rosa demanded. "She gives us all this shit for fucking each other, when all she wants to do is fuck you herself. Which means I can stroll on out of here any damn time I want."

Veronica laughed and contradicted her, "Oh, I'm going to fuck him all right, but you're going to remain right here and watch."

"You are not, and nor shall I," Rosa denied firmly, stressing each word.

"Your boyfriend fucks me while you watch, or I call the cops," Veronica shrugged, as she went over to Cam and stroked his cock, which was already hard.

"I'll tell them you're blackmailing us," Rosa counter-shrugged, as she watched the bitch stroke her boyfriend's cock.

"Who will they believe?" Veronica asked, as she dropped to her knees in front of the young stud.

Before Rosa could reply, "Does your bitch suck you, Cam?" Veronica asked, stroking his cock.

"Occasionally," he admitted.

"Does she swallow?" Veronica asked, while she looked disdainfully at the black bitch.

"Cam don't, just fucking don't!" Rosa ordered him, standing up.

"Sit down, bitch," Veronica ordered, her tone going from sexy and sultry to authoritative.

"We don't have to do this," Rosa objected again, even as she sat back down.

"I assume your prima donna doesn't..." Veronica assessed, "doesn't swallow I mean, not remaining here and sitting down," ignoring Rosa and then added, "I bet she doesn't even make you come, she just sucks you for thirty seconds or so before spitting your cock out and then acting like she just did you a huge favour."

Cam thought to himself, That's exactly true, how could this woman know that?

Rosa fumed as she helplessly watched the old bitch taking her boyfriend's cock in her mouth.

"I'm sorry, Rosa," Cam said, trying not to moan as this hot older woman (as old as forty maybe, but no way in her dotage) deep throated his seven-inch cock. Rosa could barely take half of it in, and even then her involvement was always short-lived.

Veronica pulled back away to present a level gaze to the furious girl and informed her, "That is how you deep throat a cock. Now watch closely as I demonstrate how to serve a man properly."

Rosa was outraged, shocked as she stormed, "Cam, you're not going to let her speak to me like that, are you?"

Rosa's demand met with no cooperative response. The response Cam offered to the room was no more than a moan as Veronica took his cock deeply back into her mouth and resumed bobbing.

"What do you want me to do, babe?" Cam asked helplessly.

"Just say no!" Rosa raged.

"I can't," Cam moaned, as this woman seemed to have a vise grip on his cock... with her mouth.

"You can't, or you won't?" Rosa demanded, hating that it was so obvious he was thoroughly enjoying the blow job. She found giving head pretty disgusting, and since boys and men usually fawned over her beauty, she never felt the need to do anything she didn't want to.

"Can't," he moaned, even though he'd be lying if he pretended he wasn't really enjoying this. This hot MILF really knows what she's doing!

Veronica sucked for a minute, worshipping the cock and letting the young man know how good an expert blow job could feel before she ordered Rosa, "Come kneel beside me."

"No," Rosa refused.

"Now, or I call the cops," Veronica threatened.

"Go ahead," Rosa shrugged.

Rosa, just do it," Cam pleaded.

"What, so I can watch you get blown by an old bag?" Rosa asked.

"Look, you got us into this mess," Cam said, "so man up and do what it takes to get us out of it."

"Watch while you get a blow job?" Rosa yelled at him, furious he was allowing this to happen.

"If you watch, you might learn something," Cam said bluntly, figuring this relationship was likely over after this, but if not, maybe she could at least learn how to give head.

Rosa felt like she'd been punched in the gut. Suddenly feeling defeated and heartbroken, she reluctantly got off the chair and moved to the floor beside the old bitch.
