 Turning Contest: A HIT & LICK (OR HIT & SEDUCE) 

Summary: Car accident leads to MILF seducing two sweet teens.

Thanks to: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea suggestion.

Thanks to 2: Tex Beethoven, Robert,

THE TURNING CONTEST is a week-long competition between five MILF best friends over who can turn more straight teens, college girls and women. 

The prize: The winner gets to spend a weekend with the other four women's 18-year-old daughters.

Although each story definitely stands on its own, this is the fifteenth seduction scene. Here is a quick refresher of what has happened so far.

1. Turning Contest: A Beautiful Blonde, in which seductress VERONICA STONE seduces a teen in her clothing store.

2. Turning Contest: A Cute Maid, in which reluctant seductress (she is more a submissive) and rich wife CAROL WHITE seduces and dominates her temporary maid.

3. Turning Contest: A Delicious Model, in which seductress and casting agent PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute 19-year-old model who is auditioning for a part in the new Matt Damon movie.

4. Turning Contest: A Desperate Asian, in which black professor CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a shy Japanese student in her office.

5. Turning Contest: A Dominated Thief, in which store owner VERONICA STONE molests an 18-year-old who tried to steal from her store.

6. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bday Girl, in which married seductress JASMINE JONES molests, seduces and fucks a 21-year-old birthday girl at a club.

7. Turning Contest: A Drunk Bride 2 Be, in which JASMINE JONES continues her night at the club by seducing a friend of the birthday girl as well as a bride-to-be at her bachelorette party.

8. Turning Contest: A Fantasy Waitress, in which CRYSTAL WATSON seduces a cute, big breasted, 18-year-old waitress at an all-night diner.

9. Turning Contest: A Fashionable Cutie, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces a cute Victoria Secret saleswoman in a change room.

10. Turning Contest: A Fateful Birthday, in which CAROL WHITE seduces a chubby girl at the beach and doubles down on a peeping Belle.

11. Turning Contest: A Former Student, in which CRYSTAL WATSON bumps into a former student, goes back to her place and seduces her slyly.

12. Turning Contest: A Friend in Need, in which PORTIA JAMES seduces, somewhat by accident, her good friend who just caught her husband sucking cock in her kitchen.

13. Turning Contest: A Friend of Amy's, in which VERONICA STONE gets her third turn with a surprisingly quirky nerd with the assistance of her first seduction (turn 1: A Beautiful Blonde).

14. Turning Contest: A Girl Guide's Sis, in which JASMINE JONES seduces an 18-year-old selling cookies for her younger sister, and who just happens to be her daughter's crosstown cheerleader rival.

TURNING CONTEST: HIT & LICK

Crystal dropped her groceries off at home, put them away and headed back out to buy a new outfit, a tradition she began when she started turning straight girls. That said, she wasn't sure she could afford a new outfit for every turn she would likely have to make this week if she was going to win this competition.

While shopping, and doing a little flirting, but nothing to add to her turn total, she saw Portia and Veronica score turns to tie the score up five ways at three, and then as she was heading to her car with a new outfit and some new lingerie in hand, she received the most recent update.

Score at 2:32 PM on Saturday:

Scorecard:

Jasmine: 4

Carol: 3

Crystal: 3

Portia: 3

Veronica: 3

"Fuck!" she cursed a little too loud, getting a few looks from other shoppers in the parking lot just as she had late this morning in the grocery store when she'd felt compelled to blurt out the same thing. This contest was becoming way more intense than she'd anticipated, and it was getting to her more than she'd like. She'd figured a turn a day plus the odd extra would be enough for a victory, plus maybe a last-minute marathon turn day on Thursday to cap it off. Now, she wasn't so sure. Now, she was beginning to realize she may have to make this competition her full-time focus all week. The good news was there were no papers to grade this week, just lecturing and office periods to be available for assisting her students, so she had a fair amount of time available.

Part of her was pretty excited as she reached her SUV. This felt like she was in college again when she'd seduced thirteen girls (ten coeds, a professor, a friend's mom and a random MILF who'd thrown herself at her during a party) in a week, yet this week she wasn't sure even thirteen would be enough. God, she hoped that many or so would do the trick. She wasn't as young as she used to be.

Another part of her was excited to be in a competition again. She'd always hated to lose, those thirteen scores had earned her only second place during that sorority slut seduction week, and she hated it. This time she was determined to win.

The last part of her though, was plagued by a growing fear. What if she did lose? The stakes were high. Her daughter Kassandra was a submissive to her but only barely, the dynamics changing in the past couple of months. She'd noticed her daughter becoming more aggressive and seemed to have white girls coming over more often now and not just to hang out (which became pretty clear the other day when she overheard her daughter demanding of someone, 'Beg to eat my chocolate box, you white slut'). Crystal had never used race as the defining piece of a seduction, but when she'd confronted her daughter about bringing a white girl over for sex where the focus was on her being black, Kassandra had explained that in large part specifically because of her race, there were literally dozens of white girls at her school, plus almost as many of their moms and even a few teachers who, given the chance, would line up to service her.

This intrigued Crystal as she wondered if she could use it to her advantage during this wild turning week. Crystal had done some research online and found that her daughter's personal experience seemed far from unusual: there was a surprisingly large portion of white men and women who obsessed over black people, often wanting to submit to them. Even more surprising than there being many white women eager to service and submit to black girls (older white woman submitting to younger black girls being the most common) was the massive amount of gay and sissy porn out there where white men wanted to suck and be fucked by big, black cocks. Truth be told, her own experience with black men had rarely featured massive cocks, the biggest cock she'd ever experienced having been a white professor back in college, but online the only black cocks to be found seemed to be massively long and fat ones. Still, her wares were in a slightly different niche: how many white (or Asian or whatever) women and girls were looking to be 'blackened' by a Cougar such as herself? If her race became a selling point, she wouldn't hesitate to use it, she wanted to win!

Crystal pulled out of the parking lot. She drove two blocks, pondering how she was going to find the prospects for enough turns: there would be some at college of course, but nowadays many of the coeds had already munched cunt and were therefore ineligible. She rolled up to a red light and a second later felt her body jerked forward as she was struck from behind.

"Fuck!" she cursed yet again, looking in her mirror to see a blue van kissing the back of her SUV.

Crystal got out of the SUV and stalked back to the van, seeing two teenaged girls sitting in it. The driver was a nerdy-looking redhead and was already crying, her cell phone, obviously the cause of her distraction, still in her hand; obviously she'd been on her phone when she struck Crystal's SUV. As she reached the vehicle, the redhead rolled down her window.

The redhead, named Sally, apologized between sobs, "I'm so sorry, ma'am."

Crystal instructed her, "Never mind that for now, back up a bit and let's see the damage."

"Yes, ma'am," Sally said, doing as she was told, mortified she'd just gotten into an accident. Although she was eighteen she'd only had her licence for two weeks, as her parents hadn't thought she needed one yet. She'd begged, stressing she should get some practice in before she went to Berkeley in the fall for college (even though she wouldn't really need a car even then as she was staying in a dorm). Luckily for her (and unluckily for Crystal), her parents had finally given in.

As Crystal had expected, there was no real damage; the van had barely bumped her. Happy her SUV was fine, and the van had only a slight dent and a couple of scratches, she heard opportunity knocking.

Sally got out of the car to inspect the damage and gave a huge sigh of relief: even though she couldn't hide this damage from her parents, it was pretty minor.

Crystal asked, "Your name?"

"Sally, ma'am,"

"This your parents' van?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Will they kill you for damaging it?"

"Not physically," Sally said, wiping tears away. "But it'll be a marathon of 'I told you so's'".

Crystal nodded, "I know the type. Let's move our vehicles out of the middle of the street and into the parking lot over there and trade insurance and so forth." That said, she had no plans of doing any such thing.

"Okay," Sally said, knowing her dad would be way angrier about the insurance premiums going up than such minor damage.

Sally went back to her car and her best friend asked, "So, how bad is it?"

"Not bad."

"She doesn't seem mad," Nabisha (a Muslim name) reassured her.

"No, she was very nice, thank God," Sally agreed. "We're going to swap insurance in that parking lot."

"Oh, okay," Nabisha said, giving her own sigh of relief. Nabisha's parents were even more intense than Sally's, and if the accident was significant they'd both likely be grounded for the rest of their senior year.

Crystal pulled into the parking lot, a wicked plan spinning in her head. She had always believed in fate, and these two ripe young things just barging into her life like this, ready for the picking and having a van (e.g. a reasonably discrete location to do some licking), was perfect. She knew without a doubt that God was a female.

Once both vehicles were in the parking lot, Crystal walked over to the van and asked, "Sally, were you on your phone when you ran into me?"

"Yes Ma'am," Sally whispered, tears beginning to form again, anticipating the imposing black woman's next question.

"You know that's a crime?" Crystal continued. I knew it!

"Yes Ma'am," Sally again whispered, the tears rolling down again.

"You'll lose your license, your insurance rate will go up and you'll have to retake driver's ed," Crystal added.

"Oh, God!" Sally said, realizing the full consequence of what she had done... all because she was changing a song on apple music.

"But I think I can help you," Crystal said warmly.

"Really?" Sally asked, through her sobs.

"Yes, but the two of you will have to help me too," Crystal said.

"I'll do anything," Sally said, seeing a glimmer of hope.

"Me too," Nabisha chirped in, knowing she'd be in big trouble with her parents just for allowing it to happen, even though she'd just been a passenger. They were like that, making her responsible for everything.

"'Anything' incorporates a pretty large scope," Crystal pointed out.

"I mean anything, anything," Sally emphasized, desperate to find a way out of the mess she'd gotten herself into.

"Perfect!" Crystal exclaimed brightly before adding, "and if you two do exactly as I request, I'll have this front end fixed for you before the end of the day."

"No way, really?" Sally blurted, oblivious to the things Crystal was about to require.

"Let's get in the back of your van," Crystal suggested.

"Oh? Why?" Sally asked.

"You promised me anything," Crystal pointed out. "So we need to chat in private."

"Oh, sorry," Sally conceded, as she walked around to the other side and pulled open the rear door.

Crystal climbed in first, then Nabisha and then Sally.

Once inside Crystal said, "So I'm in the middle of a week-long contest with my friends and I need your help to win."

"What can we do?" Crystal asked.

"Well first off," Crystal instructed, "Kiss each other."

"Pardon?" Sally asked, shocked by the request, even though truth be told she had a major crush on her best friend. But a Jew and Muslim couple was not something either set of parents was ready for, double that for a lesbian relationship... plus, Nabisha had no clue about Sally's feelings and was secretly dating Joey... a secret to her parents, who had already decided who she should marry back home in Kuwait.

Nabisha was equally surprised, this was not at all what she'd imagined when she agreed 'I'll do anything'.

"Kiss," Crystal repeated, then added, reading Sally's face, "it's not like you haven't thought about it."

Sally's face went beet red at this lady's accuracy.

Nabisha also saw the busted look on Sally's face, knowing her all too well (although perhaps not, as this revelation surprised her completely) and realized that the woman's words were true.

"Now kiss," Crystal insisted for a third time.

"And you'll keep your promise about fixing the van?" Nabisha stepped in, knowing Sally was incapable of taking the lead here.

"I am a woman of my word," Crystal declared, and she was.

"It's okay, Sally," Nabisha reassured her friend, "let's just do as she asks."

"You sure?" Sally asked.

Nabisha smiled, wanting to let Sally know she was okay with it, "It goes both ways: I've thought about kissing you for a while, too."

"You have?" Sally asked, "really?" shocked at such welcome news as a rush of excitement washed through her.

"Yes," Nabisha affirmed, which wasn't exactly true, but now that the idea had been planted, she was curious and not at all opposed to the idea. She leaned toward Sally, closed her eyes and puckered her lips.

Sally's eyes went wide as her best friend, her secret crush, leaned in to kiss her. She closed her own eyes and puckered her lips just in time for her first-ever proper kiss... with the girl she'd long wanted her first kiss to be with.

Crystal smiled, enjoying watching the two teens who had obviously needed this serendipitous Cupid moment. She could play matchmaker... one reason she was a professor was because she truly loved improving the lives of young people... and also score two more turns... perhaps even teaching these two how to go from friends to lovers.

Sally melted at the first touch.

Nabisha was surprised at the softness of Sally's lips, so much softer than her boyfriend's.

The kiss started tentatively... just lips meeting.

But soon they forgot they had an audience as the shared kiss transformed their very cores. For Sally this was everything she had imagined and more; for Nabisha it was a moment where she questioned her sexuality for the first time.

Crystal indulgently allowed them to kiss for a couple minutes before she moved things along, "That's lovely you two; now I want you to take off your shirts."

The order broke the intimacy of the moment, startling the two teens back to reality. Nabisha continued to take the lead as she kept her eyes on Sally while willingly pulling her dress over her head.

Sally had seen her best friend in bra and panties before, had admired her body before, but this time was different, this time it had a different undertone: it wasn't just interesting that Nabisha had a great body, it was exciting.

Sally nervously followed her friend's lead and pulled her t-shirt over her head.

"Bras too," Crystal instructed, wondering if this was why live cams were so popular... watching these two teens get intimate live was way better than porn, although being the one pulling the strings also enhanced the excitement, as her own pussy began to tingle.

Nabisha smiled encouragingly at her nervous and trembling friend then surprised both Crystal and Sally when she reached around Sally and unclasped her bra. And again, when she leaned over and sucked Sally's hard right nipple into her mouth.

"Ooooooooh," Sally moaned, as Nabisha sucked and tugged on her nipple, the hot breath and wet tongue bringing pleasure not only to her breast but shooting it down to her pussy as well.

The black seductress slipped out of her heels, raised her skirt and began to slowly rub herself as she watched the two teens, enjoying this live command performance.

Nabisha replicated what she liked a boy doing to her breasts. She hadn't let her boyfriend fuck her yet, but she'd let him suck on her big tits and finger her. She in return had sucked him the last three times they'd made out, but when he'd begged her to finish him, she'd insisted he do it himself.

Nabisha sensed Sally's other breast might be begging for similar attention, so she bestowed her attentions on that one too.

As Sally enjoyed her friend's unexpected but most welcome advances, she looked over at the black woman who had initiated all this and saw her rubbing herself. She quickly looked away, feeling like she'd been caught staring at something she shouldn't.

Crystal smiled at the girl's sweet nervousness and after allowing Nabisha a few more seconds to properly worship both of the small breasts, ordered, "Your turn to return the favour, Sally."

Sally asked Nabisha timidly, "Is that okay?"

Nabisha unclasped her bra, let her big double D tits loose and smiled, "You better suck on them, girlfriend."

"They're so big," Sally murmured, mesmerized.

"Which is why I'll like it best if you cup them while you suck on them." Nabisha advised.

"Okay," Sally nodded, as she cupped both large breasts, so much larger than her little A cups, leaned forward and sucked a nipple into her mouth, trying to replicate what Nabisha had just done to her.

"Oh yes," Nabisha moaned, "suck on my fat tits, Sally."

Sally did, kissing, sucking and nibbling on the fat, hard nipples and soft tits, going back and forth between the two of them like following a tennis ball.

Crystal finally decided it was time to make it about her. She ordered, as she leaned back on the bench seat, "My pets, come and massage my feet."

Nabisha and Sally both topless, Sally still in jeans, moved to the floor in front of the black woman and each took a foot. Both were secretly happy this woman was ordering them to do things they otherwise wouldn't have dared to do.

After a minute, as each girl massaged a nylon-clad foot, each taking more than a few quick glances up at her commando chocolate box, Crystal said, "Watching you two together got me pretty wet. How long have you had a crush on Nabisha, Sally?"

Sally's face went red again. It was one thing to be ordered to do something, it was another to admit to having a lesbian crush on your best friend.

Nabisha urged her, "Tell her Sally. I want to know, too."

"Beginning of senior year," Sally admitted.

"Oh," Nabisha said, surprised, "that long."

"I'm sorry," Sally apologized, feeling stupid.
