 It is a sunny day and warm – two wonderful things in Alaska by themselves, when experienced together – sublime! I call you and ask if you are interested in hiking with me today, nothing strenuous, just a lovely trail that I know of that will let us take advantage of the weather. You agree and I set off to pick you up.

I pull into your yard and see you come out of your door to greet me. Your smile still makes my insides flip flop and I race from the car to greet you. I give you a friendly (for-the-neighbors) hug and let you take my hand and drag me inside.

Your backpack lies open on the table and I see you lean over with your head disappearing into the fridge. "Red or white?" you call out to me and it takes a moment to register that you are talking about wine. "White" I say and you pop back up with a chilled bottle and a smile. Into your pack it goes along with a large blanket, cheese, crackers and a couple of other items disguised by a paper sack that you stuff into a corner beneath the corkscrew. We clamber into my Camry and head out to the main road. After a quick stop for espresso, we relax in the car listening to the Corrs, holding hands and chattering about anything and everything. As the car sets off up O’Malley Road, we feel the warm rays of the sun strike the car and out mood heightens as we climb into the foothills.

We get into the parking lot and try on our backpacks. Yours is clearly heavier and I offer to take some items. You give me the wine, but the rest (including the mysterious package) stays in yours. We stretch and as you elongate your body, I feel the warm sweet body rush I always feel when I look at you with a lustful eye.

We start on the trail and see that lots of others had a similar idea. We keep to ourselves and I direct us to lesser used side trails every chance I get. About an hour later we emerge into a clearing next to a burbling creek. There are a few rocks and a soft tuft of grass in the shade of a large birch. You spread out your blanket and tap the ground next to you looking at me with something between a goofy grin and a leer.

I reach into my pack and fish out the wine as you get the food and corkscrew. We forgot the glasses so drink directly from the bottle, giggling as the cool wine slides down our throats and warms our tummies. I see a random drop on your chin and lean forward with my tongue extended to taste it. I feel the wine touch my tongue and the warm silky smoothness of your creek. I lick up to your lips, over your lips, and finally between your lips, feeling my tongue enter your mouth and a low moan come up from your chest. I explore your mouth teasing your tongue. I take it into my mouth and suck it gently at first then harder as my fingernails trail down your back at the base of your spine.

We are quite alone and safe here. I know the woods here quite well and it is a difficult place to find, yet alone stumble upon. I let our kiss linger. We are both wearing colored tee shirts and shorts, I have on a jogging bra and you have none. Your nipples seem to like our kiss as I see their outline against the fabric become more pronounced. I let my fingernails graze one as I drop my hand and feel your body jump. I pull back and smile at you – trying to gauge how interested you might be in seeing if anything continues. You respond by flinging your arms around my neck and rolling me over onto my back with you ending up on top, straddling me. You lean down and put your mouth on mine. As my tongue enters your mouth, you suck it into yours. My fingers tug at your shirt hem prying it loose from your shorts and soon my hands are sliding up your soft tummy. My fingernails first feel the fullness of your breasts and I let my fingers slide around the curves, careful not to touch your nipples. My thumbs slide under each breast and I cup them for a moment, feeling their weight in my hands. You reach down and grab the bottom of your tee and pull it off over your head, exposing my hands, your breasts and their red swollen nipples. You lean forward and your breasts side over my chin, my hands now directing both towards my mouth.

I see both of your ripe hard nipples in front of my lips. I feel you drop a little more and they both slide into my eager open mouth. My tongue glides over them both – massaging them, exploring them, nudging one into the other. My lips wrap around them and I suck both into my mouth. I open my eyes, look up and see you looking back down at me, smiling as I engorge myself on your nipples. The blue sky frames your face and the green leafy trees complete the picture.

After a few heavenly minutes, I release your nipples and sit up. You help me pull off my shirt, then giggle as we both struggle with my elastic bra. My fingers close over the band of your shorts as your fingers grasp mine and we both tug and laugh, as me remove the last of our clothes.

I help you lie on your back – kissing you as you lay down. I then get on my knees and grab the bottle of wine and drizzle it over your body. I lean over you and lick the sweet wetness off your breasts. Then I work my way down. I lick the wine off your belly taking my time to slurp up every drop. I run my hand up your inner thigh I kiss your belly button. My hand continues up. I extend my finger and with the tippy tip of my fingernail I touch the lips of your vulva teasing and watching your face

I trace the outline of your pussy lips. Lowering my head I feel your skin on my chin as my finger delves into the folds of your labia. As I near your clit, my finger poises outside your slit - my breath is ragged - I am so wet and excited. Trembling, my finger pushes past your lips as my mouth descends on your clit, my tongue softly probing as my finger slides into your pussy. I feel your wetness grow. My tongue flicks out and stabs at your hood, pushing it aside and exposing your clit. I circle this hard red knob with my tongue tip, then nudge it back and forth. Finally – I can’t stand it and I flatten my tongue and lick it wildly.

As I do, I take my finger which is still snug in your pussy and slowly slip my fingertip up, looking for the rough patch of skin directly beneath your clit. I find it and rub softly. I take your wet clit into my mouth and begin to suck it like a cock, feeling your wetness flow over my finger and down your thigh. I take my other hand and, spreading your legs further apart, I feel your wetness flood out of your pussy and slide between the vee of your legs. Not moving my finger or releasing your clit from my mouth, I shift my body so I am kneeling over you, my pussy hovering just inches above your face. I am so wet… so fucking hot …. and want you. 

As I continue to rub your g spot, we can hear the water of the creek, burble and gurgle as we both moan with pleasure. I also hear the rustle of some paper but can not see (with my head between your legs) what you are up to. Then I feel it. The soft latex mushroom head of my fav dildo glides over my slit a few times then noses a little into my dripping pussy. You fingers pry my labia apart and my wetness coats the rubber cock as you slide it in effortlessly. I shift so the base of the cock moves down past your chin and as it begins to fill me up inside. I then feel the sensation I have been hoping for – your tongue caressing the lips of my asshole. I push down hard – feeling the final inches of the cock penetrate me and the wet, warm coarseness of your tongue massage the last resistance out of my tight asshole. I relax and, as I squeeze the cock with my pussy, I shiver with delight as your tongue enters me. I take my other hand and pry apart your ass cheeks, your pussy juices already coating the groove between your pussy and ass. As I feel your tongue slip in and out of my ass, I greedily lick the cream between your legs. I spread both of your cheeks apart and happily let my tongue slides up and down, from your asshole to your slit (and in and out) then back.

I feel that you have managed to move a hand to the base of the dildo and are moving it in and out of me as your tongue continues to slither in and out of my ass. Both of us begin to groan. My body feels like every nerve is about to explode as I hear you grunt then yell as your orgasm erupts and your pussy discharges a hot, wet, delicious flood of cum. My tongue devours this honey as I feel my tummy flip-flop as it does before I orgasm. I raise my head and howl as my pussy clenches then releases the cock and I collapse on you. Minutes pass where all we hear is the creek and the lazy buzz of bees in the warm summer air. I roll over and snuggle up against you, my head buried into your warm shoulder. I purr into your chest as my fingers absently toy with your nipples, still taught and red.