 (This takes place shortly after my story "Clothes Shopping". Once again, butches are as unique as any other woman and have their own fantasies and ideas about fun. And those can change over time.)

*

I was tempted to hum "Back in the Saddle Again". That really wouldn't have been classy, even though the charming young woman bent over my workbench couldn't have heard it over her moans and squeals, much less the slapping sounds of my body hitting against her full round ass. And when did I start worrying about being "Classy"? This was obviously all Nan's fault. She wasn't here, hell she wasn't even in the city, being on tour with the Symphony and she was still driving me up walls.

I hadn't been alone while she was gone. Jessica, the charming young saleswoman that Nan and I had met and got to know intimately in a dressing room, had slipped Nan her phone number and indicated her desire to spend some time with me. I hadn't seen her that same night but we had made a date for a few days later after Nan had left town. That was with Nan's full knowledge and agreement by the way. I didn't know where the petite flute player and I were going but finding out was going to be some ride.

Speaking of riding, I increased my tempo. The lush Mediterranean figure was just made for running my hands over, just made for being up on her toes, just rounded in all the right spots. And all those rounded curves were dancing and jiggling with each stroke of my hips. This is what I loved; this was ME, fucking a sexy hot femme woman. And, judging from the sounds she was making and from the way those padded hips were rocking back to me in time with each of my strokes, she was enjoying it nearly as much as I was.

Of course Nan's influence had laid its not terribly subtle hand on this date, at least up to the present moment. I had invited Jessica to dinner at a nice restaurant when I called her to ask her out. I had picked her up rather than just met her there. And I was decked out in an outfit that Nan and Jessica had picked out together for me. Not a single item was labeled "Sears".

I did have to admit I looked rather good when I had examined myself in the mirror prior to calling the cab. The pale blue pants suit I had chosen was set off by the brightly colored scarf tucked in the top of the jacket. Unbelievably I was even wearing regular women's shoes. Okay they were NOT high heels, but they were dressy sandals. I toyed with the idea of make-up for about five seconds. Now that wasn't quite as shocking as it seems. After all, I was a normal girl growing up (in fact I still consider myself a normal girl, I just happen to be a lesbian and butch). I wore dresses and lipstick and even kissed boys. I just figured out finally that all that wasn't me.

The restaurant was lovely and Jessica and I enjoyed the meal and the conversation that went with it. I have always been interested in art and poetry and discovered that Jessica was a closet poetess. She, quite shyly, recited some of her own verses and then we chattered away for over an hour before I finally paid the bill and we left.

I had planned the usual for that date. Dinner and then desert at my place. Instead, we went to a little coffee house and talked for hours more. Now I won't deny I often let my eyes linger on the deep valley between her generous breasts or watched the shifting of her full shapely legs as she crossed and recrossed them. I enjoyed the way the buttons on her blouse straining to restrain the treasures hidden there and how her skirt rode up her smooth bare legs. Legs that I happily remembered touching and kissing while Nan and I were locked in that dressing room. Legs that I hoped to soon see from another perspective.

Even though I was so shifting in arousal at what I planned for Jessica, hopefully for our mutual pleasure, I was almost reluctant to leave the cafe. The conversation had been wonderful and putting off dessert had only increased my anticipation. But leave we did.

The cab ride back to my place saw me regain more of my old self, although I was much more discreet than in the past. Normally I would have made out with whatever femme princess I was with, demonstrating to her, and to the cab driver as well, just what was in store. Tonight I simply continued to chat pleasantly with Jessica while my fingers danced lightly up her legs and under her skirt to caress the smooth skin. It was fun, as we both pretended nothing was going on even as her legs parted slightly then closed onto my questing fingers. My, those thighs weren't just for show. There were muscles there. I also discovered that all she had on under her skirt appeared to be a thong.

Once we reached my place and sent the cab on its way we adjourned upstairs to the loft that contained my living space. By now we both had the same glint in our eyes. When I spun her around and kisses her she kissed me back with equal fervor.

As we kissed my hands were all over her. Well, that was fair; her hands were all over me. I was not packing, having decided that a strapon would spoil the cut of my slacks. Oh God, were had THAT thought come from? But now I had my Mediterranean beauty pinned against the wall between an overstuffed armchair and a small table that held more than one piece of butch equipment hidden in its drawers.

But first I needed to strip Jessica down to the essentials, that is, nothing at all, with the possible exception of her high heels. I always enjoyed a woman wearing just those. Passion was the driving force now; teasing and flirting were past us. Her blouse and bra went first, spilling her full breasts. I immediately fastened my mouth to one of her dark nipples, sucking and teasing it. My hands crept down and around to find the catch and zipper of her skirt and let it fall free. She hooked it with one shapely foot and kicked it away.

Meanwhile Jessica had not been idle. My own blouse and bra were gone and my slacks undone by her nimble fingers. They pooled around my feet and it was a bit of a struggle to get out of them with falling over. But I managed to maintain my balance and shed my sandals at the same time. Now all that was left were my panties and Jessica's black thong.

I took care of both. In a movement that wouldn't have even occurred to me a few weeks ago I slipped to my knees, closed my teeth on the top of Jessica's last covering and tugged down. It slid down her smooth legs, although my fingers took over after the thong had cleared her bushy pussy as I took the opportunity of already being there to give her a few good licks.

Then it was time. I stood, kissed her, allowing her to sample her juices, and spun her around again. Still in her heels, she bent over the arm of the overstuffed chair. I wrenched open the desk drawer and caught up my new fit-inside-me strapon. I pulled my panties down and pressed the curved base inside me. Already accustomed to my pussy, it fit right into place. The I was behind Jessica. I gripped the full padded hips, bent my knees slightly and sank the business end of the dildo deep inside her.

Jessica cried out happily, "Yesssss" and gave her best imitation of a woman being happily impaled. My fingers sank into the soft flesh of her ass and I began to bang the pure hell out of her. And she banged me back.

I hadn't done anything like this since the night of the Symphony when I had nailed my still nameless elegant woman. In between Nan had been sweetly and sneakily convincing me to try other pleasures. They had all been worth it mind you, but it was time to return to my roots and I did with a vengeance.

My hips were blurring as I drove the shaft in and out of Jessica. The slapping sounds of my mound meeting her ass were music, as were her moans and gasped demands. It was without really thinking about it that my right hand released its grip on the rounded ass cheek it had been fastened to in order to give that same cheek a smart, stinging slap.

"Oh my god Serena. More!"

I never need to be told that twice. Both hands raised and fell on that lovely, generous, uplifted ass. Jessica was up on her toes, presenting her pink to cheeks to me. I drove harder and harder inside her pussy, each thrust making the section in me reach deeper and the ridged curve rub my clit until I thought I was going to catch fire.

As much fun as we were having, it just couldn't last. Jessica and I gave matching yells of delight, punctuated by a couple of final good hard love slaps on her ass and we both shuddered to an absolutely delightful shared orgasm. Both my sexy saleswoman and I were so spent we barely managed to stagger to the bed. I plucked the dildo from me and placed it on the stand while she collapsed onto the mattress. On her tummy I might mention. Being the good host I am I spread some soothing gel over her bright pink ass cheeks. She wiggled and whispered thanks and requested that next time I should really let her have it. We did decide that whenever "next time" was that it would be after her bottom had a chance to recover. I didn't tell her that I thought after all the pumping I had done that I might need at least a week to recover. I wondered if I was starting to get a bit old.

She left early the next morning after a bit of breakfast, some kisses and her going down on me for about fifteen minutes. Nan was still traveling so I buckled down to getting some serious. much needed work done around the store.

Two evenings later I relaxed, for once all by myself. I had worked late, trying to catch up on my metal sculpting in particular, something I had neglected for far too long. Not that women are a distraction for me mind you, they're my inspiration. However after a while you need to stop being inspired and actually put that inspiration into practice. So I had worked hard and now I was freshly showered and stretched out on my bed with my head propped up on a huge pillow. I had a glass of wine in my hand and sipped it.

I wiggled on the bed, yawned a bit and put my other hand on the nightstand to search for the remote control for the sound system. My questing fingers didn't find the plastic box but they did run across something long and curved sharply at one end and nice rounded at both tips. Hmmmmm. I hadn't remembered leaving my new toy here after fucking Jessica but obviously I had.

Moved by a whim, I picked it up and brought it over to my nose and sniffed. Heavenly. The scent of Jessica's arousal brought back the memory of the flood of nectar that had accompanied her orgasm. Closing my eyes I surprised myself by suddenly licking the bulbous head of the dildo.

Well, why not? After all, I had tasted Jessica's pussy, twice now. Nan had set me up I granted, maneuvering me into a situation where I would rediscover the joys of licking pussy, but my sneaky little flute player's stratagem had worked. Jessica was as delicious to the taste as she was to the eyes and ears. And she still was even though she was no longer here.

I ran my tongue over the tip, then down the length of the shaft. Closer to the part that fit up inside of me I could detect another taste, that of my own wetness that night as well as the mingling of both of our juices. I turned the strapon and licked back up.

It only seemed natural to slide the shaped head into my mouth. After all, dozens of femmes had sucked strapon for me. And with that though my mouth close, almost as though it had a mind of its own and began to do just that.

The more I stripped the flexible but firm shaft of its coating the more excited I got. I hurriedly set my wineglass down and cupped my breast. My thumb brushed rapidly over my nipple, already stiff with excitement.

Good God I was becoming a pervert in my old age! Butches don't suck on strapons. They use them; they fuck deliciously curved full bodies young women, or elegantly dressed middle-aged women or the occasional soccer mom. They don't... damn this was fun. The cool slickness of the formed latex slid back and forth in my lips. I couldn't take it very deeply and I wondered how in the world the women who had deep throated it before could. If I pushed too far I gagged.

Never mind, this was just for experiment I told myself even as I plucked at my nipple, tightened my lips on the strapon and sucked on it. The action really didn't do anything for my physically but mentally it was extremely arousing. I plucked the cock from my lips and looked at it, shinning even more now than it was before. As I looked, a drop of my saliva fell on my other so-far untouched nipple. I shivered.

I ran the wet tip over my breast, swirling it in larger circles until I had covered all of it. I pressed hard against my nipple, pushing it back into the firmness of my tit and then letting it pop free. the tip slid sideways between my breasts and I slowly drew it down my body, leaving a glistening trail on my dark skin.

Down I went, over my flat muscular belly and then my bare mound. I hesitated, moving the dildo in small circular motions just above the top of my pussy. I compromised, circling my labia rather than touching them and rubbing the tip against the inside of my thighs. But the heat was building between my legs and I realized that I didn't want to resist the urge any more.

For just a moment I giggled. Part of it was the excitement, part of it was the idea that what I was about to do was something i had never thought of, but most of my laughter came from the old line "I'll just put the head in" that more than one guy had tried on me back when I was contemplating an attempt to be straight. I was crazy in those days I suppose. I knew I was gay, I knew I was butch but I tried dating guys anyway. I let a couple get into my pants but only once each and didn't think much of their efforts. Now I was going to get into my own and I was shaking in excitement at the idea.

I looked down. "You can put more than just the head in," I whispered aloud and laughed once more. My legs were wide spread and I cold scent my own arousal and see traces of wetness on my shaven pussy. I touched myself with the tip, letting it explore the folds of my labia. Already wet from my mouth I knew the latex was getting even wetter from the juices already seeping from me. I parted my lips and positioned the head against my opening and pushed.

My eyes, wide open, locked on what was taking place between my legs. It was almost as if someone else's hand was gripping the dildo, someone else was moving back and forth, working that strapon deeper and deeper inside me. I was sure that it HAD to be someone else who was panting and gasping for breath. Someone who's other hand was strumming frantically at my nipple, closing on it and pinching it, tugging both it and my entire breast harder each time the girlcock sank into me.

I was lost now. Not that I had never been penetrated before, I had experimented with guys back in my youth but it had never felt anything like this. I could feel the tip touching me in places I barely knew I had. My scent was rising through the room as I grew hotter and hotter. I released my breast and dropped that hand down in order to get a two handed grip.

Now I was bouncing on the bed. I had hold of the curved portion of the strappie and was frantically pounding it into myself. I was muttering, moaning, crying out to myself. I was saying all the things I had said to femmes over the years, taunting myself with the desire I had to be fucked by a butch dyke. The dildo squelched louder than it had when I had taken Jessica. I bent the curved portion so that it rasped over my clit with each stroke.

Casting restraint to the winds I all but shrieked. "Fuck me you black dyke bitch." Damn that sounded just as hot as when some woman yelled it at me. So I did just as I did when I was fucking someone other than myself. I doubled the speed and slammed the cock in and out, smashing the head against that soft special spot in me that hadn't been touched in a very long time.

I closed my eyes and bucked and yelled some more as I orgasmed. Lightning shot through my body and I arched up on my shoulders and toes. Shuddering happily as the waves ebbed I let my body back down onto the bed. Still moving the dildo gently in me I opened my eyes.

"WOW!" giggled Nan. "You never cease to surprise me Serena. Who would have thought you were such a slut."

"Oh my GOD. Nan!" I gasped, as suddenly embarrassed as a teenager caught masturbating by a strict parent. "What, what are you doing... I mean, I didn't expect you until... oh God." About that time I managed to focus my eyes, if not my brain and realizied two things. First, Nan was nude and second, her fingers were still busy on her body.

"You've been watching me."

"I have and what a turn on." She approached the bed. The fine hair of her pussy was matted and covered in droplets. "In fact I came just as you did, except not quite as noisily. My goodness baby that was awesome. You have no idea how much you turned me on."

With that declaration Nan kissed me deeply, her hand caressing my breast. Without another word she swung herself on to the bed, kneeling between my splayed wide legs. She rose, fumbled with one hand and then sank down onto the exposed part of the cock. She leaned forward, kissed me again and braced her hands on either side of my shoulders.

I saw, and felt, her hips begin to move. The shaft inside me started moving again. My petite white flutist was going to fuck me, fuck her black muscular butch. All I could do was gasp a single word and she smiled down at me when I did.

"YES!"

Things never were going to be same. But just to try to keep some semblance of myself I wrapped my legs around her hips and tried to squeeze her in two. After all, a butch needs to keep SOME control of the situation. Doesn't she?

(The End)