 This story is a work of fiction. Although it is dedicated to somebody very special Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

* * *

'Twas the night before Christmas, and I felt lonely and all alone in my apartment. It was the first year in many that I didn't have a live-in girlfriend to keep me company, and the only things I could find on the TV was religious shows, cartoons, or 100 year old movies. I could have put in a video tape, and tried, but that didn't satisfy my loneliness.

So I hopped in my car and went looking for something open on Christmas eve, which was like looking for a needle in a haystack. I really didn't know what I was looking for, maybe just some other lonely people, but I found this dinner that never closes.

When I saw the name in bright lights, and the picture of the waffle, I decided to stop. Pulling into the parking lot I noticed only a few cars, probably from the help who were forced to work and had no family.

Entering I noticed a couple of men discussing how badly their football team was doing, and a pretty young girl sitting at the counter concentrating on her cup of coffee.

Asking, with a big smile to the waitress "do I need reservations?" Which brought a smile to everybody, as I took a seat close to the pretty young girl.

"Yes" the waitress said, "and how big is your party?" with a giggle.

As I sat there I allowed my eyes to take in the scenic tour of the young girl and noticed that she had a cute figure. A little thinner than I usually like, but on a lonely night she would help pass the night.

Of course as I got a better look at the waitress in her tight uniform, her fuller figure had many possibilities, but knowing she would probably have to work all night I gave up on the idea. I didn't fancy sitting in a restaurant all night in the hope of a little girl to girl fun.

I don't have the appearance of a lesbian, or so I've been told so trying to strike up a conversation with the pretty girl at the counter didn't raise any eyebrows, but I was getting nowhere fast.

Every time I tried to get a response out of her, all I got was one word answers, even trying to talk about the weather, which always gets a response, all I heard was either yes or no.

Finally, giving up in desperation, I decided to hit the ladies room and then go back home.

After entering the ladies room I heard the waitress enter behind me, and before I had a chance to enter a stall she said "I think you're striking out". Turning around I started to say "what?" but before I could get the words out of my mouth she grabbed me and kissed me.

"That's what you wanted to do to that girl isn't it" she said with a smile, as she broke our kiss for a minute, and then pressed her lips hard against mine. Our tongues dancing the dance of passion.

With us kissing and the waitress having hiked up my skirt and fingering my hot wet pussy, we didn't hear the door open, and in walked the pretty girl. "Oh my" she said, as we hurriedly tried to hide what we were doing.

"Don't stop" she said with a smile, "I like that kind of fun too", and stuck her hand down the front of her jeans, fingering her pussy, as she watched us.

It was then that the waitress told us that she would be getting off work in a few minutes and invited us back to her apartment, for some fun.

When we arrived at the apartment it didn't take long for us to find the bedroom and get undressed, and laying the pretty girl between us we started to kiss and lick down her beautiful body.

With us laying on either side of the pretty girl, the waitress and I started kissing and caressing her. I was kissing her deeply my tongue rolling on hers and licking the roof of her mouth as the waitress rolled and pulled her nipple before drawing it into her mouth sucking.

Nibbling on her earlobe and licking every crevice of her ear, the pretty girl managed to part her legs wide and push one between mine, pressing against my hot wet pussy. She indicated that she wanted me to ride her leg and grind my pussy.

I imagined that she was doing the same thing to the waitress as I saw the waitress move and capture the leg between hers and start to grind her pussy on the girl's thigh.

As the waitress and I ground our pussys on the girls thigh I saw her put her hand between her legs and start to finger bang her hot wet pussy. Watching her finger her pussy was enough for me to have an orgasm but not a strong one which my body so needed.  

So I crawled off her thigh and moved up to put my pussy over her face and had her tongue my needy pussy. As she was tongue fucking my pussy I watched as the waitress moved down, and laying on her tummy between the girls legs buried her face in her pussy.

Licking like there was no tomorrow the waitress plunged her tongue deep in the pretty girls pussy which made her probe my pussy walls with her tongue, as I arched my back and cupped my breasts in my hands. Pulling and pinching my nipples until I had a massive orgasm, flooding the pretty girls mouth with my love honey, which she eagerly drank.

Soon the pretty girl was bouncing on the bed under the ministrations of the waitress's tongue and had a thunderous orgasm.

As we lay quietly trying to recover, the pretty girl, who wasn't know for saying much, came out with something that pleased us all. "Do you have a strapon?" she asked, and then said "I want to be gagged and fucked with a big strapon".

Jumping up the waitress went to the toy drawer of her dresser and came out with a huge black strappy which she handed to me, as the pretty girl got on her hands and knees, and I knelt behind her.

Holding the plastic dick to her wet pussy I pushed, just a little at first, and looked at the waitress who by now was watching us, and finger fucking herself. Pushing harder the plastic dick disappeared between her delicate folds and she pushed back so it would completely enter her hot pussy.

As I pushed my hips to fuck the pretty girl she tried to scream but the waitress had gagged her with her own panties and all that came out was a muffled sound.

Grabbing her hair I fucked her as hard and fast as I could with my hips moving like a machine, and the plastic dick was like a blur, as it plunged in and out of the pretty girls pussy.

Sensing that she was getting close I tried speeding up, and then felt her body stiffen and go limp, with a muffled scream. With that the only sound I heard was the waitress moaning as she came from finger fucking herself.

With us laying back recovering the waitress said to me, "you have a magnificent ass, and I want to fuck it with the strappy".

So getting on my hands and knees, with the pretty girl underneath me, so she could lick my pussy, the waitress lubricated the strappy, and held the tip to my asshole. Burying my face in the pretty girls pussy the waitress plunged the strappy in my ass, and my screams were muffled by the pussy I was sucking.

Licking and nibbling her delicate folds and swirling my tongue over her swollen hood and clit, I felt the pain from the strappy turn to pleasure, which made me hotter and hotter, and I pressed my cunt hard into the face of the pretty girl.

We were licking fast and furious each other, the pretty girl and I, as I was being fucked hard by the strappy worn by the waitress. It seemed like no time when I screamed into the pussy in front of me "I'm cumming. Oh fuck, so strong", and I gushed my pussy honey into the receptive mouth of the pretty girl.

We pretty much took turns all night so that we were totally satisfied, and when morning came, we were tired and quite sensitive, but had happy pussies. We said, almost in unison, this will be one Merry Christmas to remember.