 "Tim was a good man and a good husband but he was into some pretty bad stuff. He would leave at all hours of the night and would come home covered in God only knows what. He always smelt like other women's perfume. I even found a pair of hooker boots in his closet!" Trista sobbed on my shoulder. 

*Yeah, I know all about how 'Good' Tim was, sweetheart. I'm the reason he's dead.* I thought as I held her well she continued to cry.

After a couple minutes of crying she stood up, ran a hand through her long strawberry blonde hair. Facing away from me she continued. "Like a said, he was into some pretty bad stuff."

"Why are you things me this?" I asked, cautiously, when she paused.

"I don't know, Vic. I think I'm trying to justify his death, make it alright in my head. Make it seem like it's not my fault." She cried out as she threw herself down into my lap.

"It's not your fault, baby. I pissed him off. I came onto you. If it's anyone's fault, its mine." I said trying to make her feel better. 

*You need to know the truth. I should tell you, but will you still love me if I do? Will you still look at me this way? "And I'm sorry Morgan had to kill him and maybe I shouldn't have kissed you. I'm sorry. Je regrette." * I'm sorry I ordered Morgan to kill him, but he had to die so that I could have you.* Was what I wish I could've said but I didn't. 

I wanted to hold her so bad but I knew it would only make things worse. 

"Don't be sorry, it's not your fault, Victoria. I shouldn't have let you kiss me that second time but I did. I don't know why but I wanted you back there. I still want you now." 

"Yeah, I have that effect on girls." I said before I looked down into Trista's eyes.

Trista's eyes were dark, almost black with the evidence of her desire. She had a soft smile on her face as she reached up and pulled my face down to hers. Before she kissed me she said, "Shut up, Vic."

*Fuck the truth. She doesn't need to know anyways. She's mine now and that's all that matters.* I thought as we kissed. 

Trista reserved our positions until I was lying flat on my back on her couch. With one hand behind my neck and the other trialing down my chest, I could tell that we were soon going to finish what we had started in that forest and my clit stiffened with anticipation. She sucked my bottom lip into her mouth waiting for me to invite her tongue in; I gave in to my girl, giving her all that she wanted. With her tongue caressing the inside of my mouth, her hand followed caressing down my body.

"Now you had me about a second from cumming back there, Victoria, and you didn't deliver. So now, I'm going to make you beg to cum." 

I started to say something smart but stopped when her hand settled itself on my crouch slowly stroking me through my jeans. I threw my head back and groaned when her fingers pulled on my distended clit making me as hard as I've ever been; her other hand was tormenting my breasts through my shirt making my nipples rock hard. I knew that if she kept up what she was doing she was going to make me cum in my pants and as good as that sounded I wanted to claim what was rightfully mine. Using all my strength, I threw my jelly legs onto the floor and lifted her into my arms. She gave a shriek of joy when I started making my way towards her bedroom. 

"Now looky here, little miss I-a-cop, there is no way I am going to allow you to make me cum first. Because as the saying goes 'Ladies first'." I said as I set her onto the floor with a big grin on my face.

Trista looked as if she were contemplating what I had said for a moment before she dropped to her knees, undid my belt, and pulled my pants down past my ass.

"Why my sweet, Victoria, let's not forget, you are a lady too." She said right before she took me into her mouth. 

Trista placed both hands on my ass, holding me close as she sucked my throbbing clit deep into her mouth. She sucked my clit like it was a mini cock, circling the top with the tip of her tongue then sucking hard. I groaned- or maybe it was a growl- some animalistic sound that escaped from me as my lover worked her magic, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm with each passing minute. She must have sensed this because she started sucking faster; to the rhythm of my heartbeat. I looked down and could see her head bobbing up and down between my legs. There was no doubt that I was going to cum and cum hard. After one final suck, her fingernails digging in my ass that's exactly what I did. 

"AHH FUCK!" I came so hard that my legs nearly gave out on me; I saw stars and it took forever for me to come back to my body.

Sweating and panting I cupped her cum soaked face and petted her. "Damn, baby. Now that, was the best I've had." I exclaimed as I pulled her up onto her feet. "But now it's your turn sexy lady."

I spun her around, ripped off her clothes and pulled her down onto the bed. 

"I'll be right back." I told her as I headed out back to the living room to retrieve my strap from my bag.

I went back into the room; Trista was sprawled out on the bed open and waiting for me. *Damn she looked so good. I can't wait to fuck her. To be INSIDE her.*

"Now, I'm going to ask you a serious question and I need you to answer honestly." I paused to see if I had her attention. When she nodded her understanding I continued. "I want to fuck you with my strap on. It's big and long and I plan to fuck you long and hard with it until you take possibly take anymore. If this is something that you want or are okay with then great, we can continue. But if it's not, tell me now."

"I didn't hear a question." Trista replied with a gleam in her eye. *Smartass,* I thought.

"Can I fuck you long and hard with my big ass strap on or can't I?" 

"Yes, Vic. Oh yes baby. Please fuck me now."

That was all the encouragement I needed as I slide on top of her on the bed and kissed her hard as I drove my 9in cock deep inside of her willing pussy. 

No warning. No lube; nothing. She was so wet it just went right in. I waited a heartbeat, looked at her face to see if I had hurt her; giving her body time to get used to the sensation of being so full before I pulled nearly all the way out and slammed back in, keeping up a steady rhythm.

"OH MY GOD VIC!" 

"YES. YES. YES. BABY FUCK ME. DON'T STOP."

"HARDER!!!"

Those were the only words I heard from Trista as I continued to fuck her hard. The headboard slamming against the wall had me thinking of Trey Songz "Neighbors Know My Name" as Trista kept screaming my name over and over and I knew then that I was giving her something that her ex had never had. 

We kept it up like that for what seemed like forever; her ass slapping against my thighs, my cock deep inside her, before she said, "OH GOD BABY IM CUMMING!" 

The feeling of her body tightening beneath mine sent me over the edge and I call hard, falling on top of my girl. After a moment I came back to myself and rolled off of her. She lay her head on my shoulder, a content look on her face.

"Wow, Vic. That was fantastic."

"Thanks, love. You weren't so bad yourself. Now, let's get some sleep. I love you, Trista." I said seriously.

"I love you too, Vic." Trista replied in a sleepy voice. "But what are we going to do about Tim?" 

She needed me. Needed me because I had something to offer her that nobody else did- my contacts. I knew people who knew people who could help keep us both safe. *I'll make some calls in the morning and take care of it* With that I mind I kissed the top of her head and told her everything was going to be alright before I drifted off to sleep.