 This short story is not for anyone wanting detailed descriptions of pussies, nipples and what two girls can do with them. It is another story that has evolved differently than I originally expected, as explained in my essay "Erotica 102," fun for me, I hope also fun for some readers. 

* * *

Patricia and Linda had agreed to share an apartment in Chicago, when they discovered that their first jobs after college were there. They only knew each other because they had majored in the same subject at Northwestern. The apartment had only a small bedroom, so one of them slept on the sofabed in the living room. "Trisha" lost the game of scissors-stone-paper to decide who got the bedroom. 

Their new jobs and staying in contact with friends from Northwestern kept them busy in the first weeks, only slowly learning more about each other. One weekend evening, when neither went out, they shared a bottle of wine and agreed that they knew surprisingly little about each other, agreeing that they had quickly known more about their respective roommates in college. 

"Sleeping in the same room," one of them suggested, the other agreeing with smile and shrug. The other one also shrugged, but they didn't pursue that subject, exchanging more information about their families and what they had done before college. The next time they were together for an evening with another bottle of wine, they told a little more, now mentioning boyfriends in high school and college. 

It was a couple of more weeks before they had another evening together, picking up where they had left off: boyfriends. They both chuckled agreeably, when they admitted that they hadn't slept with anyone until they were in college, but then they had: similar first times, an after-game party and not good. Linda's was after a football game. Trisha's was later, after a hockey game. She took a better sip of wine and remarked: 

"But we had to do it, even if it wasn't good. It sounded like all the other girls had were every weekend."

"In your dorm too? Yes it did. Had to happen sooner or later, even if the parents still thought their daughter wouldn't before she got married."

"Most have been a lot of parents who didn't know what their daughters were doing," Trisha remarked.

"Or the girls were just putting on, because they wanted to seem more experienced."

"Um-hmm! Like people say: 'guys who talk about it don't do anything'." 

"He sure didn't seem to have any experience the first time, and it wasn't much better the second time, the last time with him," Linda replied. 

"Yeah, about the same, but we didn't either, so maybe not all their fault." 

"Hadn't thought of that. Yeah, of course." 

They both smiled wryly and drank again. Trisha shrugged slightly and then remarked softly: 

"But then it did get better, didn't it?"

Linda nodded with a grin, but then she suddenly blushed, her grin disappearing. Apparently Trisha didn't notice the change in Linda' expression, responding to her nod and grin: 

"That's good, like for me - hm-hmm - and for him, not the same guy, but he said it was too."

Linda sighed silently, her blush fading, and agreed: 

"Something like that for me too, but he didn't say that."

"Maybe he already had more experience?"

Linda nodded again, taking another sip of wine, but blushing again. This time Trisha noticed and remarked: 

"Most have been good, if you're blushing at the recollection."

"It was," Linda admitted, blushing more, then almost whispering: 

"My cousin." 

Trisha started slightly, but then shrugged with an apologetic expression. Then she smiled mildly and replied: 

"If it was that good, why not?"

"For that reason, ... but it was good. You're not too shocked?"

"Just a little, at first. Hm-hmm! Hmm? If my brother had wanted to, I would have." 

This time Linda started with wide eyes. After a moment she murmured: 

"With your brother?! You would have?! ... But you didn't?"

"No, but I think I would have."

"Really?!" Linda asked with a shocked expression. 

Now Trisha was blushing. She almost emptied her glass of wine, then nodded slightly and replied: 

"I think so." 

Linda sniffed in surprise and quickly refilled their glasses, emptying the bottle. Linda nodded, then murmured: 

"But you did with your cousin." 

They both drank, then looked at each other with raised eyebrows, both smiling very wryly. Linda replied: 

"But you would have with your brother, ... worse." 

"We didn't, but I don't think for that reason."

Linda snorted. After a long moment, she replied: 

St. Paul said that just thinking about it was as bad as doing it, ... and he wasn't talking about siblings." 

Trisha shrugged and murmured: 

Yeah, I remember that from Sunday school, and I sure wasn't thinking about him or even doing anything at the age." 

They both giggled, then laughed, almost spilling their wine. Then Linda remarked: 

"I wasn't either back then, but, at least, a cousin isn't as bad as a brother."

"Hmm! You said it was good, and we didn't, so not quite so bad, and only now, later, do I think I really would have," 

"But you were thinking about it."

"Only with hindsight, after the first time, then thinking that it could have been better with my brother."

"Yeah, with my cousin it was after the first couple of times." 

"And good," Trisha added. 

Linda nodded with a slight smile, not blushing. Then she said: 

"I don't have a brother."

"And don't have a sister, if I remember correctly, so just as well, no temptation."

"But you have sisters," Linda remarked with raised eyebrows. 

"Much older, and older than my brother. They just filled me in on the facts of life." 

"Had to find out about them by myself." 

"With your cousin." 

"Hmm? Yeah, I guess. ... Yes, for sure," Linda replied with relaxed chuckle. 

They drank again, emptying their glasses, then looking at each other and then at their empty glasses. They both shrugged and then nodded towards the small kitchen, where they knew they had another bottle of wine. Trisha smirked and said: 

"I'll get it, if you tell me more?"

"Only if you tell, even if you didn't really do anything." 

"We didn't even do anything."

"Not even a little?" Linda asked. 

"Just looked."

"Naked?!" 

"Not even that far, just in underwear."

"Hm-hmm! After your sisters had told you about the facts of life, and you could envision what was in his shorts?" Linda suggested.

"Something like that, but if you want more wine - I do - you have to tell first. And there isn't much more for me to tell." 

Linda wrinkled her nose and replied: 

"In vino veritas." 

"Even if you just make it sound like the truth," Trisha replied with a grin, as she stood up. 

She fetched and opened the bottle of wine. When she returned and poured, she volunteered: 

"If he had done anything, my brother, I like now to think that we would have. I almost showed him my breasts, but then turned around when I was taking off my bra."

"He would have been delighted to see them." 

Trisha grinned and replied: 

"Like your cousin was, when he got to see yours?" 

Linda grinned slightly with a nod, and they both drank. Trisha held one of her breasts, jostling it - less than Linda could one of hers. Linda snorted softly. Trisha smiled wryly and added: 

"Yours are better for doing that." 

Linda blushed slightly with a nod, replying: 

"I guess so. Yeah,, he did, of course, but he would have liked yours. But now you tell about your brother first."

"Not much else; we were just alone at home and both old enough to do anything we wanted. Did our parents assume that we already had? Not with each other, of course. They didn't know that I had the pill already. I guess we were skirting around it, seeing each other in just underwear."

"In one of your almost see-through bras? Uhmm! And his jockey shorts?" Linda suggested with a grin. 

"You'd have to think so. Yeah, well, more in them both than I remembered when we were young teenagers. 

"Did he see you in your bra back then?" 

"I don't think so, unless he peeked."

"He probably did, hoping you weren't wearing one." 

"Now you tell me! Hm-hm-hmm! But I don't think he did." 

"Maybe he had already spied on your older sisters." 

Trisha chuckled and replied: 

"If he had, if he had been like that, he probably would have done something to suggest something."

"Like pulling down his shorts with the door open."

"What do you think of me, Linda, that I would have been sneaking around to see him naked?"

"I would have been," Linda replied with smirk, raising her glass. 

They drank, chuckling as they looked at each other. Trisha replied: 

"I didn't. Okay, maybe, if I had had more nerve, I would have. If you have to know, when he saw me in just my bra ... 

"And panties," Linda quickly interjected with a grin.

"And panties, of course, Trisha agreed, continuing: 

"I saw it move in his shorts. I didn't have bras like that back then, but maybe he could see my nipples. They moved too." 

She took a sip, and then Linda did, a bigger one, nodding as she sipped, then grinning. Then her grin faded, and she remarked softly: 

"I don't think I would have with a brother."

"We didn't, but you did with your cousin. I can't tell more; it's your turn." 

Linda scowled and took another sip. Then she shrugged and asked: 

"You really want to hear?"

"You don't have to tell, but now I'm all curious, and if it was good ... I'll forget that he was your cousin, if that's bothering you." 

"Too late; you know already, and it was good," Linda replied. 

She took another sip of wine, and Trisha did, waiting with hopeful expression. Then she was surprised by Linda's next remark: 

"I'm going to go all wet, if I tell you how it really was."

"Oooh! That good?! Maybe I will too." 

They both snickered and grinned, then had another sip. Trisha refilled their glasses and sat back with an expectant expression. Linda looked at her, then raised her eyebrows, then shrugged, then after a moment said: 

"If you really want to hear - a long story?

"All the better. I won't interrupt you."

Linda smiled wryly. It was a long story. Trisha had to refill their glasses. 

"Well, cousins, our families living on the same street in our small town, both only children. Hmm? Maybe that is why our parents let us play naked under the lawn sprinkler, so that we could see the difference between boys and girls. Of course, we didn't think anything about that at that age. So, he was boy, and boys looked like that. 

"Then we were in junior high. Oh, his family had an old farm. They didn't farm it any more, but there was big pond on it, where we used to go swimming. Yeah, in first and second grade, we still went skinny dipping there with our parents. Then we didn't, not skinny dipping. 

"Then in junior high ...? Hm-hmm! I was a little further along than some girls in my class." 

Linda smirked and jostled one of her breasts. Trisha nodded and replied: 

"Than I was at that age. And then?" 

"Yeah, well, we were at the pond alone one summer day. Which of us suggested it? It was a dare, to skinny dip again. We did, both embarrassed, but of course we looked. What's the word? Furtively, not wanting to admit we were curious, but wasn't that why we were doing it?"

Trisha couldn't help from interjecting: 

"Already further than my brother and I ever were."

"You weren't going to interrupt."

"Sorry! But you asked. That was why you were doing it." 

"Okay, yeah. We soon put our clothes back on again, still embarrassed about what we had done. We didn't do that again, and never spoke about it, and we didn't date each other in high school. We were just cousins, always there, always had been. And then we both went away to college. I told you about that, the first time, not so good. And then we were both back home for the summer." 

Trisha nodded with hopeful grin and took another sip. Linda also nodded, chuckling before she had one, then continuing: 

"Yeah, so there we were again, pleased to see each other again for lack of other company. And for lack of other entertainment, one of us suggested swimming in the pond. We had over the years, just not skinny dipping. Oooh? Oh? Had he maybe taken other girls there - like that? Hm-hmm! I don't think so, or he would have had more experience than he had with me that day."

"You're going skinny dipping again," Trisha interjected. 

"Shut up! It's my story."

"Sorry!"

They both had another sip. Linda smiled apologetically and continued: 

"Yeah, of course. I know that he was the one to suggest that we did, but I think I was already thinking about. Hell! We were nineteen, and I wasn't a virgin. Why else should we go to the pond alone?"

Trisha bit her lip to avoid interjecting again, waiting for Linda to continue. She smiled wryly again and did: 

"Yeah, sure, I wanted to go skinny dipping, and this time I wasn't going to be furtive about looking at him or his looking at me. I did, he did, but I know that I was just enjoying that. Sure, I wanted him to see my boobs. Hm-hmm! My nipples were more aroused than his cock. Oh, later, when I saw it, I recognized that it had been a little, when I saw it completely relaxed, but before we went in the water, it was just larger than afterwards." 

Linda bit her lip again. 

"Oh, that was funny; in the water, I felt how my boobs floated. I hadn't notice that in my bathing suit. Of course, they didn't really float, but I felt the less weight. I hadn't been aware of that before; they were always there. Funny! We were in water up to our chests, up to my boobs, and I experimented with that, bending my knees and feeling them float, then standing up straight again and feeling their weight. I did that a couple of times, enjoying the new sensation and not thinking about him or what he could be thinking. He wondered, of course, what I was doing, chuckling and asking what I was doing. When I told him - yeah, really just innocently told him - he smirked and said that he would like feel that. 

"God, I was innocent! I thought it would be a nice experiment for him - just my cousin - to see if he could feel that my boobs were heavier out of the water than they were 'floating' in the water. Mmmm! He could, of course, but his hands were under my boobs. Shit! My nipples were already stiff! Did he know that? He did, when his thumbs rubbed over them. If I had been thinking that skinny dipping was just a little enticing, I suddenly recognized how arousing it could become." 

Linda's thighs squeezed together. She smirked slightly, continuing: 

"Yeah, like that. My knees did that in the water. I must have moaned, feeling his thumbs and what had made my thighs clutch together. He also moaned, his thumbs arousing my aroused nipples. 

"Did I look at him and smile? I don't know, think my eyes were already closed. Then I felt his cock. It had to be sticking out like that time in college. I drew my hips back, but his followed, his cock still touching me. He wanted it to? He wanted me to feel it? I wanted it too! If he did, I did, and pressed my hips forward again. Mmmm! It slid up on me! I guess that we both must have moaned. He was holding and arousing my boobs and was also rocking his hips, rubbing his cock on me. I just had to hold it! What would if feel like, a man's stiff cock? What would he think, if I did? 

"My hand found it. He moaned with a nod, grasping my boobs. He wanted me to hold it, and his hips moved it in my hand. Like that, I thought, like how it would feel for it in my pussy. 

"Can a pussy be even wetter when it's already in the water? Mine could, and it wanted to be even more arouse. I clutched his cock, his so big and stiff clock, that his hips were moving in my grasp. 

"Fuck! My pussy wanted that too. I had never imagined that I would do what I did. I grasped one of his hands and pulled it off my boob and dragged it down to my pussy. He must have been surprised, but then his fingers were all over me. But not where and how my pussy wanted them. 

"That's when I knew that he didn't have much experience, but I was beyond worrying about what he could think about what I was doing. Sure, his fingers were trying to find my vagina, but I wanted them to rub my clit. He let mine help them find it and encourage them to do what I wanted. 

"Now, telling you that, I wonder if I would have done that with a boyfriend, but he wasn't, just my cousin with his stiff cock in my hand. Hadn't he also suggested what I should do, rocking his hips, moving his cock in my fist?"

Trisha had squeezed her thighs together and now nodded, nodding again to encourage Linda to continue. She also nodded with soft moan and did: 

"Yeah, it was more obvious what I should do, but then he had understood what I wanted, what my pussy wanted. Mmmm! His fingers sure had, He couldn't feel how wet I was in the water. Hm-hmm! But when he came, I could feel it; it spurted against my tummy, not just once! What did it look like, I wonder. Well, I knew later, thick white streams and blobs on me, but not that day."

Trisha moaned with a vigorous nod, biting her lip again, her thighs twitching together. Linda's also had. She moaned and then chuckled and continued: 

"Told you I would go all wet."

"Me too, and you've only started - I hope." 

"Yeah! Fuck! Well, I wasn't thinking would we do that, but he had to do as much for me. He was trying to - with my help. A man's fingers rubbing my pussy for the first time was so arousing, but I couldn't tell him that I used both hands, needed both hands to have an orgasm."

"You do?" Linda blurted out. 

"Don't you?" 

"Oh, I like to, but just rubbing my clitty is usually enough. And then? Didn't mean to interrupt you." 

"Guess you had to, to ask that. Did I say that I wasn't thinking about really doing it?"

Trisha nodded vigorously again. Linda smirked and had a sip, continuing: 

"Probably fooling myself that I wasn't. I murmured something about the pill, that I was on it. Was I expecting that he would stick it in right there in the water? I guess we could have done it that way, me not so heavy in the water, with my thighs up around his waist. When I had said that, however, he looked at me with a surprised expression and asked: 'You want to?!" I only nodded, I think. We rushed out of the pond and did. Mmmm! Now I'm really wet."

"Must have been good; me too. But that was only the first time, if you saw him come."

Linda nodded with chuckle, then agreeing:

"It was, good - that time - and then all the times that summer, ... and everything else we did."

"Like seeing his orgasm?"

"Um-hmm, shooting up all over him. I just had to see that once."

"And what else?" 

"Hmmm! Of course, he wanted to see my pussy, and I wanted him to, too, drawing up my thighs and letting them flop open. He was down between them. I was wishing I could see it as well as he was." 

"Never looked at it with a mirror?" Trisha asked, smirking. 

"Once, before I knew what it was good for." 

They both snickered and had another sip. Trisha hummed and asked: 

"And so, he was looking?"

"We hadn't done anything yet that day. I guess it was the third or fourth time, when there was no question about what we were going to do. The second time, second day - not the next day - we still had to sort of work up to it. After that, we didn't, just grinned and took off our clothes, and then he said that he wanted to look at it. Did he say that he wanted to look at my pussy, use that word? I don't think so. Hm-hmm! After that we did talk about it, I mean, using words: my pussy, his cock."

"And so, he was looking at it, your pussy," Trisha repeated to get Linda to continue. 

"Oh yeah, he looked, spread my lips and really looked. He must have seen that I was going wet already."
