 Missy and Karen had been friends for over 20 years. Now one of them was in need of someone who could be honest and supportive during this hard time. Missy’s long relationship with her man was over. Not just on the rocks, over. He was done with her. Karen had some time off from work and decided to cancel her original plans to go biking in the Sierra Foot Hills and travel back east to hang with her childhood friend.

Missy’s mood changed as she heard about her friends travel plans. “Just tell me what time the flight lands, I will be there!!” In order to make the most of the visit, Missy planned some time off herself. She took care of all her errands before the day that Karen’s flight came in. She even made reservations at an exclusive restaurant so the two could enjoy a good meal without the clean up. She was so involved in the preparations that she almost forgot about her broken heart. Karen was a terrific friend, and Missy was going to make sure that she knew how much she appreciated the effort that Karen was putting into this visit.

There wasn’t anything left to do. The house was spotless, the sheets were changed, and the fridge was full. Missy actually had to find something to do to help pass the time before she could rationalize leaving for the airport. Finally, with one last glance in the mirror, Missy closed the door and left for the airport.

Luckily Karen’s flight had not been delayed at all. Missy arrived just as the plane was unloading. The two friends embraced and Missy began to cry. Like children in kindergarten, they held hands and walked towards the exit. 

They chatted all the way home, mostly about the trip and recent changes to the travel route home. Karen didn’t feel it necessary to jump into the deep emotional subject of her friend’s break up yet. By the time they arrived in the area of Missy’s home, they were hungry and thirsty.

“I knew you would be too tired to go out, so I have a light dinner and drinks at home.” 

When they got to Missy’s house, Karen excused herself to use the bathroom as Missy removed the already prepared meal from the refrigerator and began mixing up some drinks. 

“Thanks for coming, Friend”. Missy toasted Karen as she emerged from the bathroom. 

“Christ, no one has called me ‘Friend’ in ages!” The women sat on the couch and began to reminisce about their shared past. 

Before long they had drained the pitcher of beverage and forgotten to eat the food sitting on the stove. “You must think I am so rude! I can’t believe I haven’t even fed you yet. Let me make you a plate of something.” Missy apologized. 

“I am too beat to eat anything now. Just show me to the bed! I have some serious jet lag issues.”

Missy took Karen up the stairs to the spare bedroom. But as they entered, Karen began to sneeze. “Oh my gosh! I am so sorry, Friend. I forgot you were allergic to cats. I changed the sheets in here, but never thought about the comforter. This is where my cat used to sleep every night before…” Karen knew what she was about to say. She knew that he took the cat when he left. 

“I bet you he is gay…what straight man takes a cat away from a woman?” Karen said, attempting to make Missy laugh. It worked and Missy quickly recovered and began to giggle. 

“Why don’t you sleep in my room, I just changed the sheets in there. I will sleep in here.” 

Karen began to laugh. “I don’t want to kick you out of your own bed! I won’t bite; I will just share your bed with you.” And with that she walked towards Missy’s bedroom.

Exhausted and eager to get out of the clothes she had been wearing for what seemed an eternity, Karen began to undress. “Do you want me to get your bag from downstairs?” asked Missy as she began to notice what great shape her friend had gotten in since she began biking. 

“I don’t need anything out of it until the morning so it doesn’t matter.” replied Karen. 

“Do you want one of my nightshirts to wear?” Missy inquired embarrassedly. 

“Oh…um, if I sleep nude will it bug you?”

Missy was trying not to stare, as well as try to appear nonchalant. “I don’t care…I don’t normally wear anything either, I just assumed you, well, I wasn’t sure if, just forget it. Man, you look great!” 

Karen smiled at her friend. “Thanks. You know growing up; I always wished I had a body like yours. In fact when I started biking, I would see other women and think about you. That’s part of my motivation. I see you still are in good shape.”

The break up had taken a toll on Missy physically as well as mentally. She knew she was not in good shape. She dropped too much weight. “Yeah, I love when my hip bones jut out like this.” 

“I don’t think they do.”

“Hold on, let me lay on the bed, you’ll see what I mean.”

Missy took off her clothes and lay down on the bed. Karen sat next to her. “Your hip bones don’t stick out! That’s just sexy.” 

“Please, if a man were to try to lie on top of me, he would be able to reach down to my pussy...”

“What are you taking about?” Karen stated dumbfounded.

“Here, lay on top of me, make sure your hips are lined up with mine…”

Karen, determined to prove Missy wrong, followed her friend’s commands. As Karen mounted her, Missy grabbed her hips and positioned them directly above her. Karen was getting surprisedly excited at the touch of another woman. “See; notice the huge gap between your body and mine. If you were a guy…”

Karen cut her off. “If I were a guy, I wouldn’t know how to make a woman feel this good.” As she said this, she slid her hand down through the gap that existed between the two women’s bodies. Karen was surprised to find Missy’s pussy damp with excitement.

“I was hoping it wasn’t just me.” Karen whispered as she lowered her head to Missy’s breast. 

Instinctively, Missy spread her legs and arched her back. She ran her fingers up Karen’s arms and let her hands run through her dark curly hair. She held her friend’s head to her tit and let her flick her nipple with her tongue.

Karen used her hand to continue to play with Missy’s wet cunt lips. She skid her fingers through them, stopping to pinch her clit or slip a finger deep inside her slippery hole. Missy was dripping all over. Karen pulled her head away from her friend’s tit and brought her fingers to her mouth, then to Missy’s mouth.

“I know what I taste like…I want to taste you.” said Missy. She motioned to Karen to bring her ass towards her face. But Karen did not comply. 

“It’s been a long time since you had someone take care of your needs. Let me give you some pleasure.” 

Karen leaned Missy up on a pillow and placed one beneath her ass. She spread her legs apart and positioned herself between them. With a hand on each thigh, she stretched Missy’s lips apart, exposing her pink flesh that was glistening in the light. Softly, Karen began to probe her tongue through the sweet pussy. 

Missy moaned with pleasure. She watched as Karen lapped at her clit and gasped as she slid a single finger inside her wet cavity. Sensing her friends increased pleasure, she worked another finger inside and then yet another. 

“Oh, my god…that feels so great” Missy cooed. By this time Karen was working her three fingers in and out of Missy’s tight snatch, but she knew that there was more pleasure to give than just this. Using her thumbs to spread her friends pussy apart and expose her clit, Karen gently ran her tongue over the harden flesh. Missy twitched with delight. Karen’s tongue was hot and she knew what felt good.

Karen held the long legs apart, as far as they would go and began to lick Missy’s pussy with maddening speed. She could sense the tensing of her friend’s body. She buried her face in between the twitching thighs and sucked hard on Missy’s pleasure spot. Using both hands, she slid them underneath her friend’s warm ass, pulling it to her mouth.

Missy was panting, barely getting her words out. She held her hands up over her head and was pulling on her own hair. Turning her head to the side, she covered her mouth with her arm and began biting at it. The pain was as pleasurable as it was exciting. She had experienced good oral before, but this was intense. 

Sensing her friend’s breaking point nearing, she again slipped her finger into the wet hole. 

“Ah, yeah baby...” Missy screamed.

Slowly, as she continued to suck on Missy’s clit, Karen worked her fingers inside the slick opening. One by one, her fingers disappeared. Karen made sure that each finger was well lubed as she made every effort to please her friend. Soon she had four of her fingers easily sliding inside Missy’s pussy, and Missy didn’t seem to mind at all.

Karen continued to lick the excess juices as they poured out. The taste was sweet and Karen became insane with the desire to have more. She buried her fingers deep within and slurped at the fluid that covered them.

Missy’s pussy was growing increasingly tight as Karen urged her towards orgasm. Determined to give her the best experience, she rubbed her hand over Missy’s slick lips, coating her whole hand in the slippery liquid that was flowing from between the hot thighs that were before her.

Gingerly, Karen inserted her fingers into Missy’s snatch, one by one, until her entire hand was almost engulfed. Missy’s moans became screams as Karen worked her hand in and out of her friend’s writhing body.

Missy felt a hot burning in her feet and legs as the intense pleasure overwhelmed her body. She was no longer in control. The sexual delight she was experiencing was in charge. Sounds came from her lips that she never knew she was capable of uttering. Before she had a chance to make any sense of the feelings, that desire that was burning deep within her body began to rise. It overtook her with no mercy, like a giant wave flooding the beach, it built up until the breaking point. 

Missy cried out, “Oh, Karen, I am going to cum!” and with that, Karen used two of her fingers to dig deep towards Missy’s g spot and flicked her tongue over her clit. Missy’s body jerked and twitched as she came. Karen’s hand was covered in her friend’s hot juice.

Missy continued to pant as she attempted to catch her breath. At this point, Karen was beyond turned on. She had only imagined how fabulous sex could be with another woman and although her goal was merely to pleasure her friend, she could not have just rolled over. 

Karen had become quite moist herself during her session. Her hand was still slick with her partners cum. Without hesitation, she rolled over onto her back and began to finger her own clit. 

Missy leaned up on her elbows to see where her friend had gone. Feeling as though she should reciprocate, she eased herself around and placed her face between Karen’s legs. Karen was rubbing herself like a crazed woman. Missy wasn’t able to lick at her clit, but instead slid her fingers into Karen’s moist hole.

Just the touch of another was enough to send Karen to orgasm. Missy left her finger inside and felt the muscles of Karen’s snatch seem to suck on her finger. 

Missy pulled her finger out, licked the sweet nectar from it and stood up. She walked to the bathroom and grabbed a washcloth. Returning with the hot wet cloth, she wiped Karen’s hands and cleaned up the mess from between her thighs. After doing the same for herself, she joined her friend back in bed. 

Missy used the last of her energy to turn off the light. As she lay in bed, listening to Karen’s breathing become heavy and rhythmic, Missy was surprised at how refreshed she felt. Although exhausted herself, she was energized, not by the incredible sex she just had, but at the idea that she had incredible sex. She never thought she would have that opportunity again. Perhaps his departure was not the end, but just the beginning of many new experiences.