 Author's Note: These stories are based on my life experiences. 

The first part of this story was about my (our) new relationship with Gail. It also introduced the idea of us having a Halloween party with the guys (and guests). This part of my life story pick's up where I left off in the previous one -- with me in bed with Gail.. 

But if you read on, you'll find out I had quite a busy day – and night! 

If you want to know what I and my friends look like, I'd suggest you read the descriptions in the earlier stories.

Oh, and for those guys who keep asking for a picture – I'm not sure. First of all, even if I did post a picture, I can't show my face – I'm a teacher in a school district that is governed by a VERY right wing board – and the consequences would be --- Well let's just say I like my job! Perhaps I'll put something up soon – but for now, you're just going to make a mental image.

Well, enough chatting -- on with the story....

...We lay there together, in each others arms, softly kissing and stroking each other in complete sexual bliss. I knew then our plan for the three of us to move in together was perfect. Not only had I already given my heart to Cheryl, this afternoon I gave it to Gail too. To be granted an opportunity to love two people at the same time, in the same way, without jealousy creeping in was a gift that should simply not be wasted.

I resolved to make sure Cheryl got to enjoy Gail as soon as I could manage it – and if that meant tonight, then good.

In the mean time, I drifted off to a quiet slumber in my new found lover's arms.

I was awakened rather abruptly by the jangle of my cell-phone buried in my purse. Gail laughed as I struggled to disentangle myself from her legs and arms in an attempt to get to the phone in time – instead of helping me get out though, she wrapped her leg tighter around mine and with her free left arm she pinned my right to the bed.

She was a little heavier than me, and certainly as strong because in spite of struggling, I was not about to break free. The jangling of my phone stopped – as she continued to laugh and hold me down. Though I have to admit, I wasn't trying that hard – in fact I liked both the thought and the feel of her bodily restraint. Her beautiful soft tits were pressed hard against mine and her warm, still-wet mound was now wrapped hard against my thigh. 

"Screw that sweetie," she said "I'm keeping you here just a little longer." and then she leaned down and kissed my lips.

I welcomed her lips on mine, opening my mouth, and extending the tip of my tongue to touch hers lightly. For several minutes we stayed that – naked, embracing each other tightly and kissing passionately. As we lay there entwined, I slid my leg up until my upper thigh rested against her pussy – and I felt her respond in kind with her leg into mine.

Finally, she lifted her lips from mine. Her eyes shone with hot passion as she stared into mine. Wordlessly she released me from her grip and relaxed her legs – and then began turning in the bed – inverting her body on me into the classic 'sixty-nine' position.

She spread her knees and placed one on each side of my head and then lowered herself down onto my waiting mouth. I, on the other hand, opened my legs into a welcoming 'V' as she buried her face into my pussy once again.

I felt her tongue dart into my clit, and then her lips closed around my labia and began sucking it gently. Oh, she felt soooo good between my legs.

My own mouth wasn't slow to take action either, as I opened wide and sucked her sweet labia clean of it's juices. I then opened her pussy wide with my fingers, exposing the folds of her sweet cunt, until her clit was fully exposed. Bright firey red, slick with her juices, and begging to be touched, I obliged this unspoken wish with enthusiasm.

I felt my touch of her clit, through my own pussy – as soon as I touched her with my tongue, I felt her push her face hard into my cunt. She had already released my labia and was now pushing herself outstretched tongue hard against my clit.

I released her pussy lips with my fingers, but kept my tongue against her clit. I reached around her with both hands and put them on the soft cheeks of her ass above me, and then I began pulling her down hard against me. I began a rhythmic push of my face into her pussy, and at the same time I pulled her ass down into me in with each inward stroke – fucking her with my mouth.

She quickly fell into rhythm with me – fucking me equally hard with her face.

While continuing our face fuck, I let my fingers roamed a little on her ass with each release. I moved them inwards until they reached the rim of her asshole. I had tried this before with Cheryl, and although she had not resisted, I had not received much of a reaction. 

With Gail there was quite a reaction.

She stiffened instantly and then pushed herself harder against me. I dipped my index finger into her wet pussy for lubricant, and then circled the rim of her asshole. She squirmed and then slid her own fingers which had so far had only been playing with my clit as we face-fucked to the entrance of my ass. But unlike me, she didn't hesitate, and instead slid a slick wet finger into my hole. I gasped, as the pleasure of it rushed through me. And then I did the same to her – she squealed ever so slightly as I slipped my finger in – and then in a huge climax she drove her pussy down into my face as I felt a shuddered convulsion consume her body as it lay on top of me. 

Even as she did so, whether intentionally or not, she drove her finger deep into my asshole and I too was swept away in an orgasmic rush.

She slowly began to relax her body, and I slipped my finger from her ass, but I continued to lick her sweet pussy -- savoring the sweet taste of her cunt.

She in turn, also extracted her finger from me – but also continued to lightly lick my lips.

I felt her begin lifting her body from mine, turning in the narrow dorm bed once again to face me. She was flushed and grinning widely as she lowered her face to mine.

I tasted myself on her lips, as she tasted herself on mine as we kissed.

And then she relaxed her kiss and rolled to my side. "My god Katie, I've never had an orgasm like that before in my life. Never, never, ever... You are amazing in bed, I can't believe you can make me do that so easily. I will sleep with you when-ever, where-ever and for as long you want, just as long as you keep doing that to me – Oh god.." She babbled on a little.

"Gail, I will keep doing that as long as you want me to – that much I promise." I said back, "But I need you to understand something... In fact, I hope and pray you understand, at this point in my life, I'm not committing my self to any single person. No matter how much I love them, or lust after them, or they love or lust after me – I'm not yet ready to settle down." 

"Oh Katie, don't worry I get it. I know you and Cheryl are lovers too," she started, and then finished with, "I just want to let you know, if you want to take me with you, to do whatever, I'm in – I'll go." 

"It's not just Cheryl and I, Gail. I have a guy Keith who I sleep with regularly, and just two weeks ago I brought a complete stranger home and let him fuck me silly – and I'm seeing him again tonight. To be honest Gail, I know there will be more partners too. I already know I'm turning into some kind of sex-maniac – but I love it, I love being with other people."

Gail was looking at me intently as I talked and then she took my hand in hers and wordlessly kissed it. 

I continued on, "The amazing thing is, so far I've been lucky enough to meet people who like the same thing. Take Cheryl for instance, she and I were both quite inexperienced when we started this, this, this, uh..." I struggled to find the word. 

"Lifestyle?" Gail suggested.

"Yes, Lifestyle, that's it," I went on, "But now, Cheryl and I sleep together, we've been fucking these three guys I've told you about, and just being very, very wild. Are you really sure you're ready to try this?" I asked her. 

She leaned forward and kissed me lightly on the lips, "I understand Katie, that you love sex is very clear to me already. But I need to ask, are you safe about it too?" "Oh yes!", and I went on to explain mine and Cheryl's ground rules for male partners. To which she listened to quietly. "It's a pretty simple set of rules Cher and I live by. The most important rule is; No penetration without protection, unless we absolutely are sure about the person's sexual history. And the second rule is; No means no. And that's about it." 

She kissed my hand again, and then smiled and said, "I'm very glad to hear you believe in safe sex, and in that case, yes, I'm sure about trying out your lifestyle. You've already turned me into a lesbian lover, and now I'm ready to try just about anything else with you too. You know, you really don't need to worry about me too much, I'm not really as innocent as you might think..."

"Really?" I asked.

"Really!" she said. And then she proceeded to spend the next hour telling me about her life.

It turned out Gail was from Peachland, a small town in interior of British Columbia. She was the single product of her parent's marriage, one that had lasted fifteen years. It had ended the weekend she and her dad had come home early from a camping trip and found her mom in bed with their neighbor's 21 year-old son. It turned out though, that her mom had prior knowledge of her dad in bed with several of his recent clients – so neither party had been innocent. In the end, she told me her parents had split amicably and Gail had grown up in joint custody. As I mentioned in the previous story, both of Gail's parents were very successful realtors -- Gail's mom remarried and had a house in the country, and her dad owned (still owns) a house on the lakeshore. 

What I was surprised about was to learn Gail herself had grown up a very much a wild child – she had lost her virginity early (to the same guy her mom had been in bed with). But she didn't stop there – she had also spent most of every summer from then on, out on the lake in her dad's boat. That's where she had learned that a pretty girl in fast boat resulted plenty of opportunities for casual sex. She ended her story by telling me about her last summer on the lake before moving to Vancouver for university. It turned out she wasn't new to a little public semi-nudity as well. Her and another friend from school had spent hours cruising the lake often topless, or wearing 'barely there' T's – flashing guys until they found someone (or several someone's) to go to bed with.

I got excited just listening to her story, and I really got interested, when she invited me (and Cheryl) to join her at the lake next summer. It was a long way off, but I couldn't wait.

By the time she finished her story it was close to four o'clock in the afternoon. She and I reluctantly climbed out of bed and I started to get dressed – I needed to get back to my room, to get cleaned up and made up for my 'date' with Gary tonight. 

Gail meanwhile, slipped on the same robe she had been wearing when I met her in the shower a week earlier, and pronounced she was going to the shower to get cleaned up.

We parted after several lingering kisses, and I headed back to my room. While I was on my way, I fished my cell phone out of my pocket, curious about who might have called earlier. As I suspected, it was Gary, likely calling to confirm our date tonight. 

I dialed his number and within three rings, I heard his cheerful, sexy, voice, "Katie, I saw your number on my call display, I'm really glad you called..."

"Hi ya' sexy, are you still you missing me?" I teased him.

"You have no idea Katie! You know the struggle I've had with myself trying to decide if I should see you again, and now today, having made up my mind, I just thought I better call and confirm – Are we still on?" 

"Well, Gary, it's your lucky day, 'cause it turns out I'm still free tonight. That is, of course if you are..."

I heard happiness in his voice as he answered, "Oh, Katie, I am very free tonight – my wife is out of town from now until Monday. She's visiting her brother who lives in Seattle, and I am a free man. Oh, and I am now a person with a driver's license again too, so if you'd like I can pick you up too." 

We made arrangements to meet downstairs at around six, and hung up. I continued down the hall to Cheryl's and my room.

When I entered Cheryl was already home, and waiting for me to get back in, "Hi Katie, my love!" and she sprung of her bed and came to me encircling me in a warm hug and a kiss.

She kissed me hungrily, open mouthed, and passionate, and I responded in kind. Her lips came off mine, and she trailed soft sexy kisses over my neck. "I can smell her on you." I heard her murmur, as she continued to kiss me.

I felt her tongue delicately taste my skin, touching my chin, cheeks and lips. "I can taste her on you too!" 

I pulled back from her a little, and smiled, "You'd like to sleep with her wouldn't you?" 

"You know I would Katie, do you mind?" she looked at me questioningly.

"Of course not silly! In fact, she really wants to sleep with you too Cher, my love. Why not tonight, I think she's free tonight, and I know you are -- and besides, I'm seeing Gary tonight – you remember him, he was the guy on the bus..." I couldn't help myself from laughing at her, she seemed so apprehensive, and yet excited about this new opportunity. 

"You're seeing Gary tonight? I thought he wasn't sure about seeing you again?" Cheryl let out a nervous giggle, and then smiled, "Do you think she'll agree, just like that?"

I grinned, "He's made up his mind to see me again -- I just got a call from him confirming he'll be here at six tonight to pick me up. He told me his wife is away – so I think I'll probably be all night. You know, I think Gail was going to the showers to clean herself up a little, which is what I need to do too... Why don't you give me 5 minutes, and then come down there too?"

She hugged me and gave me another long passionate kiss and then I quickly stripped off my clothing, slipped on my robe, grabbed my shower supplies and headed for the showers. Sure enough, when I got to the showers, there was Gail just stepping into one of the showers stalls. She laughed when she saw me, stepped back out and came to give me a kiss – her robe was hanging open, exposing her beautiful bare body underneath.

I opened my arms to her and we embraced once again – my hands slid under open robe, coming to rest on her bare back. "Gail, in about five minutes from now, I've got a little surprise for you."

Gail's hands were resting comfortably on my ass, as she looked at me puzzled, and then asked "What, kind of surprise?"

"Just wait for it girl, you're going to like it!" I laughed. "Why don't you go have your shower, so you'll be nice and clean for your surprise!" And with that I slipped my hands off her back, and slid them up her sides until I cupped each breast in my hands. I leaned down and placed a light kiss on each beautiful nipple, and then released her completely.

"Mmmmm, that felt nice," she purred, "I don't have to be told twice!" 

She slipped her robe off completely, crossed back over to her shower stall, blew me a kiss and stepped inside.

I marveled at the thought that we'd hardly had any time apart, but just holding her and kissing her had already gotten my kitty was wet, and I was sure Gail's was likely the same. Cheryl was going to have a good time tonight!