 In the dim light in the alley, we are visible to anyone passing by who might turn and look our way. Their attention drawn by either a movement or a sound from us. But neither of us cares.

The alley is close to the cross street that runs in front of the club half a block from us. Music drifts to us, loud then muted as the door open and closes with the club's filling. The lateness of the night only seems to attract more customers.

I'm leaning backwards with my shoulders pressed against the wall, my hands holding up my skirt. At your instruction, I came without panties and my pussy is pushed forward with my legs spread enough so you can slap me.

"Yes Baby," the words whispered to me, "your pussy needs a good slap fucking doesn't it?"

I nod, responding, "Yes mistress..." and I hold my skirt higher. I see your smile return as you move slightly to the right of me. With my free hand, I reach out and touch your face. Whispering how beautiful you are, how lucky I am and how I love you.

Your hand rubs my slick pussy then draws back for a little smack to get me started. "And I love my baby," your palm landing flat against my pussy.

I jump a little at the first slap, eyes flashing as I look at you.

Your finger stray a bit and they separate my lips. Wetting them as they move between my lips before you touch a fingertip to my clit, coaxing it out. Then you gently squeeze it between your fingers and pull it.

My clit tingles and buzzes as you play with it and I moan loudly, again both forgetting and not caring about the public location we have chosen. The buzzing in my head too as your lips breathe in my ear, "Pull back your hood for me...your clit needs a good slap fucking."

Both of my hands move to my sex and I pull my lips and finger my hood back for you, exposing my clit.

"Yes baby, that's the way." Your hand slowly and rhythmically striking at my clit causing me to flinch with each slap. "Mmmmm, I love how your body jerks for me."

As you continue, I raise up on my toes with each slap making me want to jump six feet into the air. The sting turning to burning so sweet, and spreading deeper into my body.

"Tell me...how is it?"

I run my tongue over my dry lips then forcing a whisper from between them. "So good. More. Please."

"Of course," and you give me several quick short slaps. "I can feel your clit swelling and warming for me." I'm swaying a bit as I near the crest and your eyes see that I'm only a few stinging strikes away from it. Then you land a solid slap directly squared on my throbbing clit.

If not for the wall behind me, I would have fallen backwards with the last strike. My vision blurred, I touch my buzzing, burning clit with one finger, sending a huge current of electrical shock from it to deep inside me. Shaking my head to clear it, I look at you, "You are so good to your bitch."

You lips find me and your kiss is loving and long. You end it by softly biting my lips as you grab my pussy and pull my clit hard. Then you let go and slap it wickedly and hard, harder than before. Your other hand moving to hold me by the neck against the wall to steady me as you smack my now red pussy several more times.

I gasp and cry out, cumming, feeling my clit exploding with bolts of pure wired sparks with each slap of your hand.

You lean your chest against mine to brace me. Alternating rubbing my pussy with the occasional small smack to bring me down slowly. In the throes of my passion, I am kissing you: your lips, your face, your neck. Shaking uncontrollably.

You voice soft but clear, "Is my Baby's pussy ready for a good night now?" Kissing me then pulling back so I can see your broad smile. I know that I was correct to ask you for a good slap fucking on the way here.

I hug you, answering with a long deep kiss. Purring, "Yes, I feel so puffy and full now," knowing how you love me like that.

"You know I find it so sexy when you ask me for what you want, especially when you so willingly display yourself for me like this."

I smile proudly then pull you closer to me, moving my legs together so they are between yours. You now straddling me in my still leaning position at the wall. Your fingers moving over me, gentle but inquisitive. "Mmmmm, so warm and yes, so puffy, so sexy."

I pull at the front of your skirt, feeling bolder now after your earlier encouragement. Your pussy is just above mine and I tilt my head forward. "My pussy is burning...please piss on me."

I see your grin, your eyes dancing in the flicking alley light. A soft kiss on my lips. "Pull down my panties baby."

In a mad rush, I shift upright, quickly pulling them down your legs. Helping you step out of them and holding them tight in my hand. I reposition myself, placing my legs back between yours. My puffy pussy just under you. 

"Hand them to me." 

I have them in my right hand and I raise it to you, "Yes mistress," kissing your cheek softly.

I place them in your palm then watch as you step back and hold them between your legs. You spurt a stream of urine over them. I gasp as I watch you soak them then as you step forward, back over my red burning swollen pussy. Another hot stream and you cover my sex with it.

I hold our skirts up out of the way, so we can watch. And as your piss hits me, my mouth opens in a wide "O". The hot/cool/wet sensation on my burning pussy amazing.

You tense and your stream slows, then stops. "How does that feel?" Your voice showing the strain of holding yourself back.

"Perfect, wonderful... Thank you." The remains of your piss running down my legs, into my shoes.

"Good." Your hands pushing me at the shoulders, down down down to my knees before you. I see your body pull back so you can see me better as you aim at my face. My mouth opening.

Letting go, you shoot another stream that hits me square on the face and open mouth. Splashing into my hair and running down my face and cheeks. "Oh I love how you shine with it!"

As you cover me, my heart soars with the knowledge and joy at truly being your bitch, your whore, your slut.

One hand holding your skirt, the other grips my head and you push forward. Rubbing your pussy on my head, drying yourself on me and getting every last drop in my hair. I move my head to help dry you.

You ask me for my bag. I find it on the ground and hand it up to you. You search it, finding my brush which you use to tenderly brush my piss soaked hair back over my ears. Leaving it slick and tight to my head.

My tongue goes out and licks at the small streaks of wetness that fell upon your legs. Smiling up at you before you pull me to my feet. You raise your hand, reminding me of the piss soaked panties in your fist. Then lowering your hand, you rub them over my wet swollen mound.

We are kissing again. Your fingers pushing the panties between my legs, between my lips, forcing them gently but slowly inside me. "Let someone find these baby." Your voice so wicked as you whisper to me.

I moan out loudly, the coolness of them soothing yet exciting me. I reach down to hold myself open for you to aide in your inserting them. My voice full of rekindled lust, "Man or woman?"

Your fingers working, the fabric disappearing until just a small piece hangs out. "Oh do you feel like a cock whore tonight?" The grin on your face tells me that is exactly what you want.

My pussy holds tight, needlessly, to your panties as if there was any danger in them falling out. But my body wants them as they are yours and soaked with your sweet piss. "As you wish my love, I will suck cock if you desire it."

"I suppose you need some, its been a while hasn't it?"

"Yes my love. It has been some time since I was with a man."

"And besides, since my bitch is already covered in piss, you can have a cum bath before I take you home to bathe you in the tub."

I can't help but smile at the thought of cum added to my hair crosses my mind. And I look down the street at the club beckoning. You turn that direction as well.

"Will you wait for me here, or come with me to pick?"

"You can pick them out," said with a loud giggle. "I'll wait here in the alley."

I give you a wanton grin, followed by a light kiss before I straighten my skirt and start down the street.

Ten steps away you call to me. "Would you like me to go get a room at that little motel or do you want to do them 'al fresco'," the words tossed to me with a laugh.

I turn and think for a moment, "Perhaps a room would be best."

Seeing you moment me waving your finger for me to come back, I run. My heels clicking on the concrete.

"Yes my love?"

I'm greeted with a sweet kiss, "You know that they will want you over and over in a room right?"

Now its my turn to giggle, "Yes and that won't do. They are only a means to an end..."

"Oh, I will end you, believe me. But they can help exhaust you, and you are so beautiful in that state."

I give you a knowing smile. "Of course my love, I am only yours." Kissing you quick and hard, "You put me in this state!"

"Now go and find some men that make you happy." Your instruction passed between kisses and a soft caress of my face.

I beam with pride that you trust me so and I scurry down to the club, determined to make you proud of me. 

"Let's get you covered in cum and piss so I can take you home," echoes in the alley as I turn into the street.