 "You're such a dirty liar!" I almost growled at Evelyn I was goddamn mad.

"How am I liar? I'm telling you right?" She's so brazen and conveniently forgetful.

"I thought that we said that it was going to be just me and you? I thought you loved me."

"Donna, I love you. I'm just not ready to be monogamous and I don't think you should be either. We're young, if we want to experience something-" 

"Someone, in your case," I interjected.

"Yes, if we want to experience someone we shouldn't be limited at this age. I'm mean Donna, I don't want to share you but I think you need to explore too."

"Fine, I don't want to argue with you because there's no point. If you think you're right then so be it, there's no way I can change your mind. But you better stop referring to me as being yours because I don't want you taking ownership anymore."

"Honey," Evelyn said as she reached for me on the sofa. I let her arms wrap around me because I've grown accustomed to her caresses. Evelyn continued, "We have great chemistry, yet there are other types of attractions, I might not be able to provide them for you unless you know that you want them and I know that I want to give them. When you're with other girls they want and give differently, other roles are played. 

And that's how we left it. Evelyn always got her way. I've learned that some people are givers and some are takers. However, everyone defines giving and taking uniquely. I wanted to explore the other ideas of receiving and fulfilling. I decided to allow Reagan to assist me. She's always eyed me but we've never had the opportunity to be alone. Our relationship has been strictly teammates, we were on the relay team and we were forwards on the field hockey team. She was very attractive my height at 5'8", and same build too, except I had at least a cup size on her. It was field hockey season so we saw each other everyday, and her sweaty body was almost a distraction I had to see her vulnerable, eager to please. It was strange, I never really felt that way about someone before I began to have sex. I never use to fantasize about having a personal slut. Evelyn did, I was her slut, and I loved every minute of it, maybe I could get Reagan to love every minute of it. 

"Looking good out there, we're going to make the Riots wish they never came to our field!" I said to Reagan during practice after she scored on our goalie. It was beautiful, that girl knows how to receive a pass and produce some results.

"Thanks, I've been watching you work, and I think it's paid off," she said with a smile as we ran back to the other end of the field to get in line to repeat the pass, dodge and score routine. We soon stood at the end of the line.

"All right girls, ten minutes of suicide and then were done," Coach shouted and we soon obeyed orders.

After practice I asked Reagan if she wanted to check out a movie tonight. She took me up on my offer and I told her I'd be at her house around seven.

As I got ready I thought about how I wanted show her how interested in her I was. I had only been on dates with Evelyn and since we were best friends it never seemed awkward because we knew how we felt. I soon convinced myself that I knew that Reagan wanted me so it shouldn't be too hard, I would just take her to a good parking area in Portland and see if she wanted to smoke before the movie.

"Hi Mrs. Malone. How are you?" I asked Reagan's unbelievably hot mom as she let me inside the house.

"Good and yourself Donna?

"Fine."

Reagan came downstairs in the cutest black skirt with a v-neck blouse that made her body look very alluring.

"Hey, Donna, are you ready to head out?" She asked as she reached for a light jacket for our cool evenings.

"Yes, nice talking to you Mrs. Malone." Her mother reciprocated as we headed out the house and to my car. As we drove towards downtown Portland we began to converse.

"Do you want to check out the sunset since we have time before the movie starts?" Reagan asked me. I was relieved, because it was what I had in mind.

"Yeah." As we headed to a secluded destination we spoke of school and our team. Then Reagan asked me something I was not expecting and had not prepared for.

"So are you and Evelyn nonexclusive?"

"We're not even dating anymore. We're just close friends?"

"Do you see this time as good as any to get to know each other better?" As she spoke I parked and began pulling a joint out of my cigarette pack. I lit it before I answered.

"Yes, that was what I intended," I said as smoke entangled my words. I took another hit and then passed it to Reagan.

"So what do you think about me?"

"Well I think about you in a lot of ways. But I want to know how you want me to think of you."

"What do you mean," she had to cough between each word. 

I leaned in closer and used my index finger to slide her brown hair behind her left ear. "I'd like to think of you pleasing me, us pleasing each other." For some reason her perfume was intoxicating and I kissed her tender skin where the neck meets the plane of the shoulders.

"I've thought about how I would feel if you looked at me the way you look at Evelyn." I lifted my head from her neck and gazed into her dilated eyes. She was sincere about what she said and I wanted her to see the look of sexual want in my eyes. I've never been so hot before and I began to think about Reagan running in the field, hoping I was watching her.

"I can make you feel that way. Why don't you get out of that tight shirt?" It was more of a statement than a question. Reagan looked back at me and I saw that tenderness in her eyes. I wanted to wrap myself in her emotions and her body. But I kept calm and watched her remove the item of clothing. "Why don't you show me the way you want me to caress you?" As she lifted her hands to her breasts I slid closer so our bodies were touching. I lifted my hands to her upper body and proceeded to take off her bra and saw that her nipples were hard and wide. "Go on, show me how attractive you are."

And she did just that. She used both hands to press her breasts together then began to pull and pinch her nipples. The nipples became longer and fatter. My mouth actually began to salivate. Whenever we made eye contact she would moan. I began to stroke her arms and shoulders and then decided to kiss her. Those lips were just so firm and full that I had to take it slow. My tongue flicked against her lips and she instantly opened them allowing me to explore her mouth. Our tongues tangled together and the kiss became deeper. I moaned in her mouth then pulled away to play with those brown nipples. I kneaded her flesh and pulled and tweaked. She began to reach for me and stroked my panted thigh then planted a hand on my heavy tit. She squeezed then focused the pressure on the nipple. We began kissing passionately as we continued to message each other. I don't know how long we had been making out but after we had become entangled in each other, I moved a hand to her panty-clad crotch. I could feel the dampness that her slit had released through the thin fabric. I had fingered Evelyn so many times; I was definitely an expert. I wanted to hear Reagan squeal as she humped my hand desperately trying to get more inside her. 

As I pressed against the dampness Reagan moaned in my mouth. And pulled me closer to her. I kissed down her neck and chest until I could place a nipple in my mouth. One of Reagan's hands went to the back of my head. I sucked and licked that nipple. With applied suction pressure I dragged my teeth teasingly on her flesh. I could feel her fingers intertwine with my hair as she kept me close to her. I slid her panties down and palmed her pussy. I could feel her curly pubic hair pressing against my flesh. The hair was wet with sweat and her excitement. I pulled my hand towards her navel as I applied pressure. Two of my fingers dipped into her opening before they landed on her clit, which I began to rub. Her hips were rhythmically moving up and down and her chest was arched to give me all of her ample bosom. Then I slid a finger inside her as my palm pressed on her clit. 

"Oh, that's it. Do what you want," she huskily said.

Her fat nipple plopped out of my mouth, "suck my hard nipples." She began to undo my bra and lifted my shirt and leaned down and nursed my breasts. With this extra stimulation I humped her slit harder, putting two fingers inside her. When she moaned on my nipple I released an unencumbered moan. 

"You're so wet. You dirty girl. You fucking slut letting me do with you what I want." With my words she moaned louder and her hips were thrusting towards my hand with impatient humps. I grabbed her head to keep it close to my chest. She was sucking me so right, making me wetter then I all ready was.

"You are a slut, and you like to be recognized as such right?" I pulled her hair until she answered me with a mumbled uh huh.

"You're so fucking horny you can't even stop what you're doing to answer me." I pinched her nipple as I thrust into her more. Her hips began to move faster and her body became almost rigid. I kept my fast in and out pace until she came twice, the second orgasm on the heals of the first. She fell into my lap as a deep throaty utterance escaped her lips during her intense orgasms. 

I slipped my fingers out of her pussy and put them to her lips. "Suck me dry slut." Reagan began to undo my belt until she saw that I meant my fingers. She opened her mouth and reached for my hand and pulled it towards her. Those full lips wrapped on a slimy finger and began to slowly suck it into her mouth. I felt that long tongue run all over my finger. She slowly pulled her head away as my finger began to reappear. She repeated the process on all my fingers. God it felt so good and seeing her be sensual was making sweat. I stroked her neck and back as she gave another show. When the last finger plopped out of her mouth, I was aching to be touched. I thought about all the wonderful orgasms that tongue of hers could give. She returned to unbuckling my belt and unbuttoning my button fly. I put my back against the driver's door as she pulled off my pants and panties. 

Her body was between my legs. I lifted one leg so and let it hang over the back of my seat. Reagan used her hands to run them up and down my legs.

"Your pussy is really breathtaking. I didn't know that you didn't have hair here."

"I shaved it for you, so you could see how full you made my lips." It wasn't entirely true, but I realized that I did want her to see and know in every way how turned on I was. She stuck out that tongue, I mean it had to be at least four inches long as she drew closer to my opening. When her tongue entered my center. I cooed my enjoyment. She tongue fucked me as she reached up to play with my breasts. I slowly humped her face as I used my hand to hold her in place. Her tongue twirled in, out and around as her nose pushed on my clit. I placed my free hand on one of her hands that were kneading my breasts. It felt erotic watching her between my legs with her eyes on our touching hands. She was sucking my pussy as she fucked me with her tongue. She had me calling out her name.

"Oh, Reagan, baby. That's what I want. Give it to me, yeah." I was panting and starting to shake. Reagan moved her hands to my ass to hold on. And she needed to because my hips raised off the seat to try and sink her red muscle deeper into me. I don't know how many times I came but it was such a release that I don't even know what I said as I was cuming. 

When I had relaxed Reagan sat up and pulled me close. I cleaned my juices from her face with licks and kisses. We reassumed making out. My taste on Reagan's lips was tantalizing and delicious. I started thinking about Evelyn and how I've never talked to Evelyn that way; she always spoke those words of humiliation. But I liked it and I was surprised that I liked being the degrader too. I knew that I had to invest in my own strap-on and use it on Reagan. I thought about watching her ride me and having her breast sway in my face, tempting me. I thought about how I could make her eat me out right after practice when I was all sweaty. I began to shiver from the pleasure of my fantasies and Reagan's caresses.

It was beginning to get late and we had a game tomorrow so I proceeded to get dressed. I was still sweaty and my pants clung to me.

"This isn't a one time thing is it?" Reagan asked as she slipped on her panties.

"Oh, no. I want us to continue to get to know each other," as I finished my sentence I moved close to Reagan so we could kiss before I started the engine.