 Background

At this point, we know Cate and Lizzy, and their strong love. Not much has been said about their background. How they had met. What are their physical characteristics. Education and so on. I think its time to discover the two more closely.

First, they had met at a local gym that has since gone out of business. What little time Lizzy had away from the job, she had spent at the gym. Partly, it was health related, but more importantly it had been a place to meet people -- men. She had gone to bed with a number of men, but as mentioned, nothing lasted.

The First Meeting

Cate began going to the gym to get in physical shape. She did not see the gym as a place to meet people -- men. She went to work out and to go home.

I think Lizzy began noticing this little worker bee. Cate came in and immediately hit it. She moved around the equipment without paying much attention to others or striking up conversations. After an hour, she unceremoniously grabbed her shit and split. She never showered there. Lizzy became very interested in meeting this very attractive woman. This was no small task. Lizzy made it to the gym once a week, and if her job wasn't as demanding, she came two or three times. If her job was working her ass off, she might not come in for a couple of weeks.

They, at least, hit the gym in the evening. Lizzy normally got to the gym about six. What few times she saw Cate, it had been about that time. Cate rarely stayed longer than an hour.

Lizzy seized every opportunity to observe Cate. Cate exercised with intensity. Lizzy never felt that this was a labor of love for Cate -- strictly business. Lizzy began by using equipment close by Cate. Cate worked so hard it seemed unnatural to try to strike up a conversation. There had been THAT defining moment. Some asshole had pulled the fire alarm -- it was supposed to be a joke. Everyone exited the building, and Lizzy wasn't going to miss this opportunity.

Lizzy sought out Cate outside in the crowd, without being too obvious. She approached her, while toweling the sweat off her body. She began the conversation. "This is crazy. Have any idea what happened? Is there a real fire?" 

Cate had a toweled wrapped around her neck, and she turned to Lizzy. Cate said, somewhat out of breath, "its a mystery to me. I can't imagine this was a practice drill, as we do at work." 

Lizzy presented her hand to Cate. "I'm Lizzy."

Cate gripped the hand firmly, and said, "My name's Cate."

Lizzy was a little bit surprised that Cate opened up so completely in the ensuing conversation. Lizzy thought to herself, I didn't have this one pegged.

Lizzy nonchalantly suggested, "They go have coffee, and get to know one another." 

Cate said, "OK."

Lizzy said, "I have to get my bag from inside when they let us back in."

Cate nodded affirmation.

They got back in the gym, and packed up.

Lizzy said, "I know a place close by. We could walk to it."

Cate said, "Sounds good to me. Let me put my things in my car."

They parted temporarily. They met back up, and walked down to the local cafe, which was about two blocks away.

When they ordered, Cate said, "I can't do coffee this late in the day, or she would turn radioactive." 

Lizzy chuckled. That was the second thing Lizzy noticed -- her sense of humor and how oddly she pieced words together. They ended up spending two hours non-stop talking. They hit it right off. 

Lizzy said, "She had a good time. She suggested they trade contact information, and get together later." Lizzy said, "I have a job I am married to, and it will take some coordination to meet." 

Lizzy picked up the tab, which surprised Cate a little. Lizzy hugged Cate, and kissed her on the cheek. Cate felt a tingle in her body -- Lizzy did too.

Cate called a few days later, and got Lizzys answering machine. She left a message. 

Two days later, Lizzy returned the call, "And apologized that she hadn't gotten back to her sooner." They decided a date and a time, and then bid farewell.

They met at a nice restaurant at 6pm that day. They met and embraced again. They were seated, and ordered wine. They made small talk, until the waiter returned to take their orders.

Cate was a steak and potatoes kind of gal, while Lizzy was the salad and fish person. 

While eating and drinking, Cate mentioned, "She had gone to college, and graduated with a degree in Biology. She did statistical things on her job -- not so much down and dirty biology as many of her cohorts had done. Cate always had a head for mathematics and computer programming, which served her well. She was divorced."

Lizzy thought to herself, how succinctly Cate had explained her situation. She liked what she heard, and she was growing quite fond of Cate.

Lizzy followed with her education. "A college degree in Business. She worked on contracts, for the most part. Her job was mostly -- go -- go -- go." She said, "She made good money, but it was very demanding work. She traveled all over the country on the companies nickel. She owned a home on Maple Street, which she didn't get to see much."

Cate mentioned, "That she lived on Oak Street a couple of blocks over from Lizzy." 

Lizzy nodded with approval.

The dishes were removed, and more wine was ordered. Cate asked, "If Lizzy was married or had kids?" 

Lizzy explained, "It is very hard to have a marriage, or kids, or friends for that matter, when you are never home. She had gotten divorced about a year ago. The breakup, while not friendly, had been business like. She still sees her ex, mostly with other women."

Cate said, "That must be painful?" 

Lizzy said, "She would get upset, but after a while, she just let it go. It was not fair to her ex that she was never home. It was almost predictable that he would find comfort in the arms of another. They had had it out on several occasions, and they just gave in to a divorce. He moved out, and she kept the home -- after changing the locks to make certain of no surprise visits. One can't be too safe."

Cate smiled, and thought, I like this woman.

"What's up with your marriage", Lizzy asked? 

Cate said, "It was one in which the we just grew apart. In college they had lived together. Gotten married on graduation, as was planned, and then began to go their separate ways. Once she had approached her husband, and asked for a divorce. Her husband asked her to wait to make a final decision. There hadn't been much arguing. Cate suspected that he had a woman on the side for some time. It hurt her. Fortunately, she had a job that she liked quite a bit, and the hours were normal. She too kept the house, while her husband had moved in with somebody else. The marriage was dissolved about 15 months ago."

Cate said, "Let's stop talking about negative things that we have little control over, and open up about what we like to do." 

Lizzy agreed.

Cate said, "She enjoyed hiking, canoeing and photography. She was pretty much a home body. She never enjoyed traveling, and doesn't travel much now. She also reads books and watches television. All of her college friends shipped out to the far corners of the world, after graduation. She rarely had any correspondence or contact with them. She really didn't miss the contact much. She had never been too close with any of them anyway."

Lizzy started off with, "I travel several days a week. I read and watch movies. For the most part, her involvement with men was shaky, for reasons mentioned. She was a voracious reader, because that was something she could do while traveling. Her life was busy but lonely."

Cate asked, "What she read?" 

Lizzy liked, "Stephen King, Kathy Reich and a few other authors. She enjoyed they way King could weave a tale in great detail. Reich wrote books on her life as a forensic investigator for the police. She liked to read about European history too."

For movies, she said, "I like action films, and what you would call 'slasher' movies. She has several directors that she really enjoyed. John Carpenter, creator of Halloween, was one of her favorites."

Cate said, "'Slasher' films?" 

Lizzy said, "It sounds grim, but I like the kind of movie where the blood is in your mind, as opposed to, on the screen. Carpenter does an excellent job of creating films like that. There are a large number of 'slasher' films that are very bloody, and she doesn't like them, and won't watch them. To each their own, I suppose."

Once again, a few hours had flashed by in the blink of an eye. Lizzy wanted more of Cate, but had the usual fear. Maybe a friendship with Cate could work?

Cate picked up the tab, which surprised Lizzy because the restaurant wasn't McDonald's. She thanked her a lot. Money had never been an issue for either woman.

And that was how it all began. The two have been inseparable since.

Physical Characteristics

The two women were similar but very different. Cate was the nurturer. Lizzy, because of her business background, was demanding and got results.

Lizzy came from Italian stock. She was beautiful, but more of the girl next door type and not a model, although she probably could have been. Her hair was dark brown, almost black. She had a bit of a nose on her, but not to where it deformed her face -- the Etruscan look. Her eyes were dark brown, and she had long eye lashes. She was about 5'8", which made her striking. Her hair was straight, and slightly below the shoulders. In a two piece suit, she looked lethal.

Her figure was almost perfect. She had curves in all the right places. Her thighs were a bit plump, but she exercised to keep them in check.

As is the case with many Italians, she was hairy. Her pussy was a thick jungle of black bush. The hair grew in a thin piece upward to the belly button, and slightly beyond. Her asshole was especially hairy. She also had hair on her nipples, which she normally lopped off. When she put her hair up, the hair on her neck was fine and wispy -- quite feminine and attractive.

Her pussy was a work of art. It was very hairy. The clitoris and lips were dark brown, but not readily visible. Her vagina was a delightful pink. Her asshole was a dark brown too.

Her tits were gorgeous. She was a 36c. The nipples and areola were dark brown. Her nipples were prominent, and got very hard when she was aroused.

Her overall skin color had a rather exotic look. At times, it appeared a very pale green, and in the summer, she tanned quickly, and looked marvelous.

In short, she was a knock out!

Cate was 5'7" in height. She, too, was proportional. They both weighed in at about 115 pounds.

Cates hair was dishwater blond, and shoulder length. She had gorgeous green eyes. Her skin was somewhat fair. In the summer, she turned bronze, without the burning and pealing of other fair skinned women.

Her tits were 35c. They were delightfully delicious orbs. Her nipples and areola were pink-pink. Her nipples were somewhat flat, but really popped when she was aroused.

Her pussy was a rare treasure, too. Her pubs were a little darker than her head hair. The hair was fine. Her pussy and lips were both very pink. Because the hair was fine, her pussy lips were prominent. Her asshole was largely hairless. It was a slightly darker pink. When she was aroused, her pussy turned a rather interesting magenta -- but not exactly magenta.

Her ass was perfect, and she looked great in a pair of jeans or shorts. Normal attire for her. 

Cate seemed to enjoy using obscenities, which Lizzy avoided, not from perspective of being goodie-two-shoes, but because of her profession. If you used obscenities, you could offend many a client.

As a whole, they both were stunning, each in their own way. Both, the girl next door style. Both in their 30s.

After they had gotten to know each other, they had many intimate conversations. They weren't vulgar, but they were explicit.

They openly discussed themselves and their families. Cate had no close relatives, and it did not trouble her much. Lizzy was typical Italian. Her family lived back east, and she stopped in from time to time to get reacquainted. She missed them a little, but was happy they weren't in the neighborhood.

They both had unfulfilled marriages. Sex had been frequent, but not all that satisfying. They both masturbated when alone to take the edge off of things. They did enjoy sex with their husbands, but something always seemed to be missing. Cate never had an orgasm -- with her ex. Lizzy was very orgasmic.

They confessed they had discovered masturbation during childhood.

In their wine-and-whine chats, they discussed their sex lives over a good bottle, or two, of wine.

Lizzy never dated much in high school, and definitely did not have sex with anyone. College was a different experience. It was the first time she was away from home, and it was exhilarating. Her first time with a guy was completely forgettable. She went out with someone from the Hitler Youth (frat boy), and got drunk. It started out fine, until he popped his nut and passed out. 

"I was grateful I had put myself on the pill."

"I kept guys at arms length, while drinking, because I did not want a replay. I wasn't scared by the experience, but I felt creepy afterward. I never saw the guy anywhere again."

"My junior year, a friend of mine and I got an apartment. We were within walking distance of campus, and it was small but nice. We dated guys, but the house rules were to do whatever you were going to do away from our apartment."

"One night after finals, we were drinking heavily and feeling no pain. We had been giggling and talking, when for no apparent reason, her roommate kissed her. Lizzy excitedly said, I almost wet my pants!" 

Cate sniggered, again.

"It triggered something in me, because I grabbed her head and french kissed her back. We kissed for a long time, and I felt her hands rubbing my tits."

I pushed her back, and said, "Let's turn the lights down." 

"We popped another bottle of wine, and went back to the couch. I faced her, and unbuttoned my blouse and unsnapped my bra. Her friend stared at her, with an expression of pure carnal desire. She followed suit. We began to feel each others tits, and squeezing nipples. We resumed kissing. Her friend had a tongue as long as a yardstick!" 

Cate almost busted a gut laughing.

She said, "Her roommate then stood up, and took her shorts and panties off. She was gorgeous. I removed my shorts and panties, as well. She held out her hand, which I gently took. She led me to the bedroom. We had two full sized beds. She and I laid down, and continued kissing and groping one another. Her friend moved down to Lizzys pussy, and began to finger it. It felt so good. I spread my legs widely, and she went to town. She was shoving her fingers into my pussy, and finger fucking me. I loved it. I climaxed -- more than once. It was nice to have someone else in the room when you were cumming." 

Cate let loose with an involuntary laugh.

"My friend sat up, and looked at me." 

She asked, "If it was good?" 

Between gasps for breath, I said, "It sure as hell was!"

"She had me turn to the edge of the bed. She got on her knees and spread my legs widely. She then began to stick her tongue in the 'tunnel of love'." 

Cate laughed again. 

"I climaxed again and again and again and again."

"After regaining my respiration, I said, turn about is fair play! I moved her to the bed, and got on my knees between her legs. She draped her legs over my back, and I began to taste and lick her pussy. It tasted wonderful. She climaxed, and then she grabbed my head roughly and jammed it into her cunt. She continued to wiggle her pussy in my mouth, while playing with my hair. She had several more climaxes."

"She pulled me up on the bed, where we turned toward each other. We embraced, and my roommate began to lick all of the pussy juice off my mouth and face. I was fingering her, while she was licking my face." 

She stopped, and uttered one word,"69!" 

"I was all over it!" 

Cate laughed again. She thought Lizzy is a natural comedian.

"One of us laid on bed with the other on top. We did this for what seemed like an forever. I got off her, and moved next to her on the bed." 

She said, "She really enjoyed what we just had."

"She turned her back to me, and we spooned. We were asleep in short order."

"Some time later that night, I felt her sucking my pussy and rubbing my tits. I was back in action. I came several more times."

"I told her to get on her knees on the edge of the bed. I spread her ass cheeks widely, and began to lick and suck her asshole. She was moving her ass back and forth into my face. She began to masturbate, and orgasmed several times."

"She rolled over, and pulled me to her. She grabbed my head, and frenched me deeply. She then had me get on my knees with my ass out. She got on her knees, and began to tongue my asshole. I was a little embarrassed because I had taken a big shit a couple of hours before." 

Cate snorted. 

"I didn't sense that meant anything to her. While sucking my asshole, she was shoving several fingers into my pussy. She was ramming my pussy, and I climaxed again and again."

"She pulled me down to the floor next to her and held me."

She said, "That she had never done this with another women, but had enjoyed it so much." 

"I confessed that I had never been with another woman either."

"We became lovers through graduation. We dated guys, but we always had something left over for each other."

Once she came home late, and she was feeling no pain. She undressed, and slipped into my bed. 

She asked, "Did I want a surprise?" 

I said, "Yes." 

She straddled my face, and said, "Here's a cream pie for you." 

"She spread her pussy wide over my mouth, and I could taste the jizz recently deposited in her snatch. It tasted good, and I sucked her off to several orgasms."

She jumped up, and laid on her back and said, "Come here." 

"I face fucked her to several orgasms of my own. She had done something I had never experienced. She slipped a couple of fingers into my asshole, which triggered the first orgasm. She was pretty lit, so I rolled over and laid by her. We fell a sleep."

The next day she asked, "What I thought of my first creampie?" 

I said, "It was fun. What would be even better, if I had been there to suck it out shortly after ejaculation." 

She smiled, and said, "Maybe she could arrange that. We never pushed that scenario, because we had our own thing, and wanted it to be ours alone."

"We graduated, and she moved off without any further contact. I always wondered where she ended up, and how she was doing. The curse of my life."

Lizzy said, "Your turn."

Cate had not dated at all in high school. She said, "was focused on making good grades and going to college, and beating my teen snatch into submission." 

Lizzy almost blew her wine out of her nose. She was gasping a little, and began to laugh hard! 

She said, "When will I ever learn not to drink, or eat, while you are talking!"

She explained, "When she got to college, it was strange. All of a sudden, she had to answer to no one. She had been asked out a couple of times, but nothing really stuck. She had not been in bed with anyone yet." 

"Her sophomore year, she met her husband. They seemed to hit it off, which was a first for Cate. They started seeing a lot of each other. One thing led to another, and they were having sex regularly. I never orgasmed. My husband was a great guy, but he had no idea what made me tick, or even that I had orgasms, as he did. He didn't bother to inform himself. Maybe that was my fault, because I think he would have tried to please me, had I asked."

"We graduated and married. The rest is history."

Lizzy asked, "If I sucked cock?" 

