 Retired AV idol Yuki Kusanagi, a.k.a "Snow Princess," tells the story of her rather late sexual awaken (during her first year of college) and of her desperate effort to lose her virginity. Based on characters that appear in "Becoming the Snow Princess" and "Rie's Dress."

In high school, when they ask you to answer those "career goals" questionnaires, no one ever writes, "I plan to be a porn star," or "AV idol," as we're called here in Japan. It certainly never occurred to me, but during my first year of college, I found myself heading down that road. But that's not what this story is about. This story is about me trying to get laid in town where 19 year old virgins don't exist, about how I discovered sex, about all the trouble I had getting laid, and about how I finally lost my cherry. I swear I could climax simply from telling the story. 

When I was in school, because I didn't like to study, and especially because of the way I dressed, the teachers all thought that I was a trouble maker, what we call a ske-ban. I had no business being in school at all. I hated it and didn't really have to be there. Attendance in high school isn't mandated by law, but my mom thought she was doing me a favor, that by staying in school I'd avoid her fate: pregnant and unmarried at 17. I guess it worked since it wasn't until I was a senior in high school that I even started thinking about sex, and in college before I had any. 

In Japan, the purpose of going to high school is to go to college, and since I'd spent four years preparing, I took the exam; to a two-year college. I wasn't much of a student, but I wasn't enough of a rebel to buck the system. Beside, as long as I was in school, I could stay at home.

How did I miss sex in a country where it's rare for a girl to leave high school a virgin? I couldn't say now, but I thought of almost nothing but sex once I discovered it, and don't remember what I thought about before. I also discovered what it was like to play with another girl's body. That girl was my best friend Nobuko.

Nobu and I had been friends since junior high, and we were both a year older than our classmates: Nobu because she had been sick for a year; me because . . . because in those days, my mother is a drunken loser that got me into kindergarten a year late. Now we were inseparable, figuratively, and then literally. I'd often stay at her house, and whenever I did, we'd take our bath together, which is pretty normal here. And even when we got bigger it was no different than going to the public bath-house where friends or relatives would scrub each other's backs. As much time as we had spent together naked, I'm surprised something didn't happen earlier. In term of sex, Nobu and I were similar; clueless until college. I didn't think about it at all; Nobu thought it was disgusting.

How our bodies developed goes a long way toward explaining our respective attitudes about sex. I developed rather slowly, and I had a girl's body well beyond high school. I was an adult before I ever started wearing any kind of a bra, and I the tits I now have, I paid for; bought the best on the market. 

For Nobuko it was just the opposite. Besides being a little on the chubby side, Nobuko started to develop early and wearing regular bras long before most of us were wearing trainers. Many of the other girls were jealous of how she looked, or embarrassed, or something, because they made fun of her. But not me, she was my best friend after all, and it made me mad. 

That may have been what started me down the road to becoming a "delinquent," because whenever the other girls would pick on her, I'd always step in, ready to fight anyone. I punched one girl, giving her a bloody nose, and she ran off crying to the teacher. I got in trouble, but after that Nobu and I became tighter than ever, and the next time someone gave her some shit, she took care of the offender herself. It got us both some notoriety and in a Japanese school, once you get that kind of reputation, you never live it down, even though we were never as bad as the teachers thought. Nonetheless, the whispers followed us. There were whispers about us being "lez" as well, but these were just rumors. At least at the time.

Nobu had had a woman's body all through high school, and while the other girls picked on her, I did at least notice how all the boys, and even men who saw us walking to school, looked at her.  Of course they did; the uniform designed to shield our innocence has become a major fetish item, making the girls who wore them part of the fetish. The eyes of these men and boys were always fixed on how her titties pushed against the sailor blouse of her uniform. It made Nobu uncomfortable; having nothing really to look at, I didn't know why it bothered her. I was right there, but I might as well have been invisible. 

Perhaps being "underdeveloped" was the reason I hadn't thought about sex before college (Nobu and I were probably the only two virgins on campus, though as it turned out, there was at least one more), but as I said, after I did discover it, I thought of little else. I'd stand in front of my mirror, dragging my hands lightly across my slightly swelling nipples and wonder what it would be like to have what Nobu had. The first time, I was quite surprised to find them harden at my touch, but the sensation sure was pleasant. My breathing got heavy as I ran my hands up and down my body, and I thought about lying down, but watching myself was half the fun. My hand soon drifted down to my nearly smooth pubic mound, (nothing much developed there either) and as I slipped my finger across my slit, I found that I was wet. By this time, I'd closed my eyes, and was so into how good it felt, I stopped thinking. 

I was still a virgin then so I didn't think to stick my finger inside of myself, but simply rubbing my glistening finger against my clit was pleasurable beyond description. Soon my body was convulsing from my first orgasm. My knees went weak, and I had to hold on to my dresser to keep my balance. It was a lot of fun, but it made me think, 'this would be even better if I had tits,' and that focused my attention on Nobuko's breasts in a new way. The next day I asked Nobu to stay over on Saturday night. My mom was a bar hostess, so she was never home at night. 

"Sure, I guess," Nobu had said. "What so special about Saturday?"

"Nothing," I said. I didn't know how I was going to manage what I was trying to achieve (or even what that was), but I was smiling in a way that tipped her that something was up. She looked at me strangely, but shrugged it off.

***

On Saturday, we went to Harajuku to watch people, shop, and show off our "street styles" (outlandish but creative outfits); I was wearing a denim mini-skirt and plaid shirt tied around my waist, black bikini-top, beat-up old leather biker jacket, and black 'bat boots. Nobuko had by then gone from chubby to curvaceous, and was showing it off in a similar get-up, minus the shirt. She was also wearing her old school kilt rather than denim. Of course, our jackets were open. Not the usual Harajuku style, but we did get some looks.

We were having fun, but I was distracted; I could hardly wait until my mom went to the bar and we had the apartment to ourselves. When we did get home, I wanted to drag Nobu into the bath as soon as we walked through the door, but I kept my cool as best I could. Nobu kept bugging me about what the big secret was, but I would just change the topic. She eventually gave up, and we spent the afternoon and early evening watching TV and talking girl stuff. Actually, I didn't know what I was planning; I was just hoping that once in the bath I might have some chance to touch her tits. 

Finally she suggested that we take a bath, which was great because for some reason I couldn't seem to take that step. I was sure that if I had suggested it, she would know what I was up to. Once we were inside the bath, naked together in such a small space, I got my nerve back. I was behind her, scrubbing her back when I asked, "Can I touch your tits?"

"Is that what all of this is about?" she asked.

"Kind of. But it's just because I'm curious," I said. "I have nothing. I just wonder what it will be like, and I'm tired of waiting." As if waiting would help.

"Okay, I guess it'll be all right." she said, raising her arms a little.

I knew what it would be like for her if I touched her nipples, but I just pressed one finger against its fleshy side. It was firm, yet soft, and moved under the pressure of my finger. I was fascinated.

"Can I hold it?"

She hesitated, but agreed. At first I simply put my hand under it and felt its weight. After that, my body seemed to take over. I was aware of what I was doing, but I wasn't in control. The only thing that I knew for sure was that I didn't want to stop. Not ever. Reaching from behind I gently cupped her right breast, while my left hand moved slowly up the other side of her body. She caught her breath, and her body stiffened slightly, but she didn't protest, so I continued caressing her side. My left hand slipped around and cupped her other breast, and I could hear Nobu's breathing get a little heavy. Her nipples became erect under my touch, and I pressed them softly between my fingers. I went down on my knees and pressed my chest against her back. I was completely out of my mind, handling her tits with much more vigor and rubbing up against her back. I could tell that Nobu was getting into it as well because she was pushing her body against mine. I felt her slide one hand across my side and down to my ass.  I was breathing real hard by now, sliding my body against her soapy back. I slipped my hand off of her right breast and let it fall slowly down her belly. Her body shuddered as I ran my fingers across her slit, parting it slightly to feel her hot moist lips.

I tickled her clit a couple of times, but I don't know what happened next. Either she suddenly realized what I was doing, or she decided she didn't like it, because she jumped off the little plastic stool she was on and practically flew across the room. We sat on the tile floor, staring at each other.

"Wha . . . What are you doing?" she said.

"I don't know. I just got carried away." I was sure that I had gone too far, and that it was going to cost me her friendship. I put my head down. "I'm sorry," I said. "Don't be mad at me."

Now she seemed to think that it was her who had over reacted. "I'm not mad. You just surprised me. Have you done this before?"

"Of course not," I said. "Who would I do it with? You're practically my only good friend." Then, seeing that she wasn't mad, I took a chance. "It felt good didn't it?"

"I've never felt anything like it. How did you know where to touch me?"

"I did it to myself the other night. It was the most wonderful feeling that I could imagine."

"To yourself? Wow."

"I could show you how if you like," I said.

"Could you?" she said excitedly.

I wasn't sure what I had done that night, so I decided to find out too. We took the portable mirror off the wall and put in on the floor. Then I put the stool next to it and sat down, spreading my legs. I parted my outer lips and for the first really looked at my vagina. I was looking into the mirror, but Nobu was watching me. I've never been shy, but I didn't expect to be aroused by having her eyes so intently glued to my pussy. I was using both hands this time so I could see what I was doing. I opened my inner lips and I touched my clit with my middle finger. I was planning on just showing her where to touch herself, but as soon as I started I was back in my own world. It's still true today; sex creates a bubble around me that kind of blocks out everything. As I teased my clit, my other fingers probed the warm moistness of my interior. Not really penetration, but enough to notice. My breathing became heavy again as my left hand moved up my body, almost on its own it seemed, and softly tweaked my hard left nipple. When I climaxed, I slipped off the stool and landed on my ass. I didn't hurt but it brought me back home. When I finally opened my eyes I realized that I had completely forgotten about Nobu. She was sitting on the floor, totally mesmerized.

"Sorry," I said. "I just kind of go somewhere else whenever I do that."

"Whenever you do it?" she said. "How many times have you done it?"

"A few," I said, sheepishly.

"A few? And you're just now telling me?" She seemed hurt.

"Okay," I said. "This is only the third time. Do you want to do it? You really should."

"Of course I do!" she said giggling.

She sat on the stool where I had and spread her legs for the mirror. She opened herself up with her fingers.

"Mine looks different," she said. She seemed disappointed. 

"I'm sure it works the same way," I said. Her inner lips were a little fuller, but I was sure that didn't matter. Anyway, I was more intent on how watching her caused me to get aroused once again, and so soon after climaxing. I wanted to reach out touch her myself, but that didn't go over so well the last time so I decided to simply show her what to do.

"Open it up a little more," I said. I put my finger on the mirror. "Touch yourself there. I think that should be the place." It must have been the right spot because she started rubbing it instead of watching it or me. I moved behind her to repeat what I was doing before.

This time I wasn't so tentative. I soaped her back with a sponge, got down on my knees and leaned against her. My nipples got erect as I pressed them against her soapy skin. I put my hands on her waist and slowly moved them up and down. We were both breathing heavier, and her hand was moving with more vigor. I put my face next to hair and inhaled, and was pleased to find not only how good it smelled, but also how erotic the whole experience was. I could feel the heat and wetness increasing between my legs. My hand brushed against her fuzz as I moved it across her belly, but I moved it away quickly. Instead I moved my hands up her torso and cupped breasts. I know I'm sounding like a broken record, but I could hardly wait until I got my own set to play with (I'm still waiting). In fact, the way my aureoles swell and stick out give me the appearance of perpetual pubescence. You can't imagine the advantages. And besides, in my professional capacity I never had any trouble finding some nice tits to get my hands on. But that's another story.

I was fondling and tweaking her nipples, and found myself heading for that other place. And without even touching myself. Nobu again put her hand behind her and on to my hips, caressing me softly. Then, instead of moving to my ass like before, she let her hand slip between my legs, and I felt my heat increase. I pressed closer to her, and she moved her fingers to my slit. 

Well, if she was going to touch me, I guess I could do the same to her. My hands fell off of her breast and traveled down her belly. With my left hand I found where she was fingering herself, and placed my fingers under hers, while I took her hand in my right and moved it to my ass. She immediately took a firm hold and I set my right hand to caressing her inner lips. Nobu was fingering my pussy in the same place, and I was so wet that I doubt that she noticed when her middle finger slipped into me. It was in deeper than I had ever gone, and I certainly noticed. I moved my hips to get both more pressure and more movement.

By this time I'd put my left hand back on her breast, and fingered her clit with my right; and this all the while I was humping her hand. I felt her pussy tighten and knew that she was close so I started to massage her clit with a little more energy and focus, and her body was soon convulsing in an orgasmic climax. It took her a little longer to reach, but it was also more violent, and I assumed more intense than mine. And she did manage to stay on the stool, though given the way her body shook, I don't know how. She started to disengage her hand from my pussy, but I held it in place.

"At least let me turn around," she said. I got down on the floor, and she sat down next to me with her legs tucked under her. She lightly fingered my clit with one hand, while she tweaked my nipple with her other. I was taking care of the other nipple myself, and with my free hand I fondled one of her breasts (of course). She was playing me like a piano, and the muscles in my stomach and hips were soon shuttering out of control. My back arched high off the floor when I came. At that young age I didn't know that two orgasms so close together was the reason for my exhaustion, and even now that I do know, I hardly care. For my money, there is nothing more relaxing than a multiple climax.

Nobu got down next to me and slipped her arm under my head. I nuzzled against her shoulder, mindlessly fingering one of her nipples. 

"We have to always be friends," she said.

"Of course," I said. "Why would we ever stop being friends?" I didn't realize it at the time, but while I was simply trying to satisfy my sexual curiosity, Nobu was falling in love with me. Even later that night when she said, 'I love you,' I didn't get it, and replied, 'I love you, too.' I just thought it was part of the same exploration.

"C'mon," I said finally, sitting up. "Let's finish our bath and go to bed."

"Okay," she said, still off in her dream world. If I'd have known how deeply she was falling, I would have never suggested what I did, but how would I have known. I just wanted to do every sexual thing I could think of, and I knew Nobu would gladly go along.

"I have an idea," I said. "Tonight we do everything. Whatever we think of. Hold nothing back."

"Everything?"

"Well, everything that two girls can do, that is."

"Okay," she said. There was no getting squeamish now. We rinsed the soap off of ourselves and climbed into the deep tub, facing each other. Most Japanese tubs are small but deep, only big enough for one person with their knees up. This tub, however, while typically deep, was much bigger, and while we both had to sit close to fit, we weren't cramped.

"Do they float," I asked.

"Sort of," she said, giggling. "Watch." She moved to get them on the surface, and jiggled her body a little so they'd move. We were both laughing like fools. I reached out and held them by the nipples, moving them this way and that.

"This is so cool," I said. Nobu was fingering one of my nipples, and caressing my face with her other hand. If I hadn't been so focused on what I was doing, I would have noticed the dreaming look in her eyes, not that noticing would have meant anything to me at the time. She then lifted my face and looked at me.

"Anything?" she asked.

"Yes, we promised."

With that she leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. I was so surprised that I did nothing; I just let her kiss me without reacting. When her tongue, however, slipped out to brush against my lips, I reacted by opening them to return her kiss. Before I knew what was happening, I was kissing her wildly, our tongues twisting together. I don't know how we knew to do that, but it seemed like the natural thing to do, and it sure felt good.  When we finished kissing we got out of the bath and dried each other off. Since we didn't have to worry about my mom coming home soon, we decided to stay undressed for as long as we could.

Now you'd think, given the general direction of the evening up to that point, that we'd be in a hurry to rush off to bed to play some more, but instead we headed into the living room to watch TV. Late night Japanese television can be pretty racy, though not exactly pornographic. We were watching some stupid game show type thing, where the girl contestants were wearing little or nothing. Being much more interested in each other, we were only half watching.

