 Longtime friends, and part time lovers, Rita and Jenn shared everything in their lives. Childhood friends, they followed one another throughout their lives, even into college, and into their decision to buy their first apartment together. Their interests were so similar, when one spoke the other would finish. One suggested something, and the other's interests were not only considered, but even acted on.

So when one met a boy, they both did. When Rita brought home Thomas, he had entered both of them that night. The only thing, however, was they were unable to share Thomas at the same time. With only one part to share between them, the other was inevitably left out.

Rita moaned and inhaled sharply as she bounced atop Thomas' lap. Taking him in and out like that, she had lost count of the times she came. She supported herself atop Thomas' chest, which brought her eye-level to Jenn, who was nearly being eaten alive as she slid back and forth Thomas' mouth.

A tongue flicked its way into Jenn, and she shook as an orgasm racked her mind and body. She breathed heavily, and wrapped her arms around Rita, who shook all the same. The two supported themselves on the other, embracing with a kiss, and pressing their swollen chests together.

Thomas gasped and broke out, "I'm.. Cumming Rita," he let out between breaths.

A pang of guilt washed over the girls, and a burst of Thomas flooded into Rita, followed by another, and another. Warm, and filling, he continued to fill Rita's body.

Jenn collapsed at Thomas' side, and after Rita was sure he had spent his last, she climbed off. Slowly, Thomas slid out from between her legs, They savored every moment joined like that. But that feeling of guilt, that she had Thomas, and Jenn did not, it lingered in the girls' minds.

"Fuck." Thomas stretched out, like a cat before a nap. "You two are amazing.."

Rita and Jenn giggled, as they took their places at his sides. Breasts still swollen from their encounter, and nipples still sensitive and hardened, the girls each wrapped themselves around Thomas' arms.

Thomas, being shared in this way, was near erection again.

"Oh, so soon!" Rita exclaimed, sliding a hand down to grab a hold.

"My, my," Jenn lowered a hand almost by instinct, meeting Rita's, their thumbs intertwined as they both wrapped firmly around Thomas' member.

And firm, their grip was. Stroking ever so sensually, They worked their way upward, seeming to guide him to full erection, and traced their way back down to his base. He was big, eight inches, and bottomed out both girls when he entered them fully. The tip of his penis pushed far inside, cradled to a stop by their uterine walls.

Thomas closed his eyes, taking in the pleasure of it all. His arms nestled between each of their busts, he was helpless against them.

Not really, it was all a cute play, but he liked the feeling. Like he was at their mercy. His arms were pinned at his sides, but his hands...

His hands found their way between each set of thighs, which were still wet, and fingers parted lips as he entered both of them at once. "Mmm..." They moaned slow, and deep, savoring the sensation, and gripped him tighter as he pushed deeper.

He gasped, Rita moaned, and Jenn inhaled sharply, as they were all overcome with pleasure. Thomas was fully erect now, the girls had to work up and down a shaft that seemed a mile longer.

Jenn giggled, and bit at Thomas' ear whispering "My turn..." Into his ear. She gave him a last tight squeeze, which was answered by Thomas giving a final push inside of her. Jenn gasped again, and made her way to Thomas' cock.

He slid in easily, Jenns' lips parted, lubricated by her own fluids as well as Thomas' which now mixed inside of her. She let out a high pitched "Ohh," and her mouth fell slack.

"Mmm... Fuck Jenn," Thomas moaned as he was now held tightly by Jenn. Warm, and wet, Thomas' full length grazed the wall of Jenn's womanhood. He nearly burst from the entrance alone. How embarrassing that would have been. While Jenn, flooded with pleasure, shook as her body came. A nights worth of pleasure built up to this point for her, and seemed to release all at once.

Rita twisted her legs around Thomas' arm. Leaking from his fingers -still inside her- and from watching Jenn take him in all at once. Her pleasure seemed to emanate, and Rita took it in. She kissed Thomas gently, breathing heavily, and worked her way to his lips. She moaned into his mouth, as he moaned into hers, tongues twisting and dancing back and forth between them.

Jenn was now sliding up and down, sliding Thomas in and out of her. It was like taking him in the first time, only over and over. Each entrance threatened to shake her down and break her mind with overwhelming sensation. The only thing that prevented this, was the minds anticipation of another entrance, followed by another, and another.

Thomas' head throbbed, expanding slightly, and filling Jenn more and more with each thrust. Jenn tightened herself, gripping Thomas tighter, the two forces doubled in effect, and Jenn had to support herself on Thomas chest to prevent herself from collapsing.

Still taking him in, she came again, and almost instantly followed by another. Her eyes rolled back, and she was amazed at the back to back orgasms. "Mmm... Ahh! T-Thomas!" Her voice cracked as she screamed his name.

"I'm cumming Jenn," He replied, and his body followed suit.

Thomas burst inside of her. Filling Jenn once, twice, thrice. Still thrusting, still taking him in again and again. Jenn was overwhelmed as he filled her. Breathing heavily as she came again at the bursting inside of her.

She bit her lip, taking in the feelings as well as taking in Thomas' fluids, now mixing in her body.

It was almost enough to cover the feeling of guilt, and the look of near jealousy from Rita's averted eyes.

-

Their time with Thomas came to an end. Whether it was simply growing apart, or the girls inability to accept he was the one thing they couldn't share, it was bound to end. Over the years the girls learned to accept this fact, but still found its unavoidability to be tiresome. They tried sharing two men next time, but the feeling remained. Rita had one man, and Jenn, the other. Both girls satisfied, but neither had the other's to share. It was frustrating, maddening. They both felt it, and both desired a solution... but what could be done? They were two, and thus, couldn't share one. But soon enough, some unseen force worked in their favor, and found their unasked prayers needed answering.

A bottle appeared on the nightstand by their bed. The girls, now 23 years of age, were beautiful specimens of femininity. Jenn, with her auburn hair and blue eyes, was a lovely light side to Rita's dark hair and near ghostly blue eyes. Each girl sported lovely, tight bodies, firm buttocks, and 34C breasts. The two were similar in many ways, and unique in others. Through the years they have shared everything, especially each other, but now, thanks to the tiny bottle on their nightstand, the two would soon share more than they thought possible.

In a near dream state, the girls woke to find a bottle of what appeared to be water. "Drink me" the bottle seemed to say. So they did, each girl in turn, drank half of the bottle respectively, and dreamed a wondrous dream together.

When they woke, they were quite shocked.

-

Jenns eyes widened with horror as she woke, but half of her body would not respond. She looked left and right, Rita was still sleeping next to her, so soundly, but Jenn was in a panic. She grasped at the sheets with the hand that responded to her, it was her right hand, and kicked with her right foot. She pulled at the bed, until she toppled over the side. She was more than surprised when Rita seemed to follow, now awake, as the two rolled onto the floor.

Now it was Rita's turn to wake in horror. Jenn was more than aware of Rita's presence now, and she saw how close they had become. She couldn't sense the left side of her body, because it seemed it wasn't there anymore. Instead, her left side was Rita.

Rita was more than shocked to find the same for her, only her right side was composed of Jenn. The two had... merged into one. Two heads now shared one body, each woman in control of their respective side.

"Rita..." Jenn's voice quivered. She was scared, so was Rita.. She could sense it now, more than because of how close they were emotionally, but now physically.

"Jenn what.. What is this?" She looked right, waving her left hand in front of them.

Jenn looked left, inches away from Rita's. She saw Rita's hand wave, and could almost.. Sense that Rita's left was now their left. With Jenns hand, her right was now their right.

The girls locked eyes, unable to process what was happening, they took solace in that at least they weren't going through this alone. They had each other.

The two embraced. Wrapping their respective arms across their shared torso, and locking lips across lips, tongue against tongue. They moaned into each other. Fear replaced with... a feeling of being whole. Their anxiety melted with each kiss. Panic settled, and their body shook as each woman pressed into the other.

"Jenn I.." Rita managed between breaths, I don't know what's going on but... she thought,

Jenn could hear Rita's thoughts now. "But its nice." Jenn finished for her.

The girls shared everything, even each other. Now? They shared everything, even each other.

-

Rita and Jenn stood in front of their bathroom mirror. Walking was surprisingly easy, they found out. Each woman's body knew when to step and kept stride and balance as naturally as any one of them would.

Their body was half Jenn, half Rita. Each side, their respective skin tones. Divided by a blended line down the middle, down to their womanhood. One side, one lip, had Rita's skin tone, and the other had Jenns.

They traced the lips of their shared vagina with their left hand, Rita's hand... no, their hand now. The thought to trace themselves came from Jenn as much as it did Rita.

When they rubbed, the sensation of pleasure went to both of them. A finger was inserted, and both knees nearly buckled.

"Mmm," They moaned. Who specifically, neither was sure. But the moan came from them.

They looked again into the mirror, still fingering themselves. Their right side sported Jenn's breast. Though the same size as their Left side; Rita's breast. Their nipples did differ in size, and areola, respectively. Jenns, the smaller nipples, as they were both familiar with, always pressed into Rita's larger nipples when they embraced.

Now when they embraced, there was less breast press, and more...

Well, it was hard to press their breasts together now.

They entered the shower, running some warm water, their body covered in goosebumps as the sensation felt nearly doubled. With input from both women, it seemed, these sensations were now twice as arousing.

"Rita, I feel like we should be more concerned about this." Jenn sent a feeling of worry across to Rita.

Anxiety filled them, "Jenn.. Yeah, I know. Worrying about this won't solve anything. We'll wash up, and tackle this with a clear head."

"Two heads are better-" Jenn started, Rita smothered her mouth with her own before she could finish.

"Thats so cliche Jenn..." she let out before joining in a kiss again.

Shower sex was always their favorite, and now there was less fumbling around, and more of the sex. Soapy lather dripped from their body as each of them washed over the other. They knew they had spent long enough when the water started to cool, rapidly, cold water washed over them and they yelped as they quickly hopped out to dry off.

-

The girls sat in the living area of their loft apartment. Cross legged, they held a cup of tea with their combined hands. Contemplating. Thinking. Cozy in their pajama pants and oversized hoodie, thoughts came easily, but mostly about the other. It was hard to hate the situation when they loved it so much.

"So you had the dream too? The water bottle we drank." Rita inquired.

"Yeah, yeah! I remember that. But it was nothing out of the ordinary... It was just..." Jean followed up.

"A dream we both had. Who wrote 'Drink me' on it?" Rita finished.

Neither of them did. So where did it come from?

"So unless this was a random act of God, the only thing out of the ordinary is the bottle." Jean concluded.

And the night that followed in drinking it. They could both recall vividly. It was... sensational. They tossed and turned over another, intertwining in the sheets, they began their merge when Jenns left nipple pressed into Rita's right. It felt amazing, and then they felt the other feel amazing. Their breast fused, becoming a link that joined them together. Each push into the other only brought them closer. Until Rita's right became Jenn, and Jenns left, Rita.

Remembering that night dampened them. Heating their thighs, and their nipples hardened in excitement.

Rita sighed, Jenn leaned her head against hers. A small comfort, and a familiar feeling.

"We'll figure this out Jenn..." Rita caressed her friend's cheek.

Jenn took a sip of their Tea, "Yeah. I know. Lets look at the bottle, maybe there's something else written on it?"

"Oh, good idea!" Instructions, a reversal, a phone number maybe?

With that, they stood, but instead of steady legs, they found their body collapsing. Each girl chose one way to walk, the opposite of the other, and their body was unsure of which side to listen to.

Jenn tried to walk right, and Rita, left. They separated as they did so. First their torsos. Jenn regained her left hand, and breast, seeming to pull out of Rita. While Rita regained her right, pulling out of Jenn. When their breast separated, pulling from the other, it seemed to tug. Not wanting to come apart. Their shirt became less oversized, and more constraining as the two pulled apart to fill it up.

Now partially bound by their shirt, confused, and scared by the sudden sensation, they collapsed, and caught themselves in time to prevent falling completely. Each looked to the other, stunned. They wriggled out of their now undersized hoodie, exposing two separate torsos, narrowing at a still shared waist, and legs. They had regained their missing arm, and breast it seemed.

Raising an eyebrow, Rita felt a sense of relief as they seemed to be getting a better idea of their situation.

Jenn felt it too. Though Rita's thoughts seemed more distant, they still came. The two slid their pajama pants down, squirming a little as the waist caught on their more protrusive buttocks. It shook some as it suddenly popped out of their pants.

Naked, they attempted to walk their separate ways again, and even though they expected something, they were still shocked when their bodies separated further. The lips between their legs tugged as they pulled apart, as well as their anus. It seemed to pull apart reluctantly. They each regained their lost leg, which pulled out of the others', and they came apart completely.

"Wow." Rita's nipples hardened, partially from the cold, and from the memories of being one, tugging apart, pulling their sexual organs from one another.

"Rita that was amazing." Jenns body reacted similarly, her legs dripped with her fluids, breasts bounced as she jumped, "Scary as hell, but wow!"

Rita wrapped her arms around Jenn in excitement. Then pulled away suddenly, afraid of fusing together too suddenly.

They stared into each other's eyes. Jenn pulled Rita close again. "I... Rita, lets try it again."

Jenns nipples pressed into Rita's as they pressed together. Closer and closer they became "Yeah, it was nice," Rita pulled Jenn to her by her waist. "Didn't think we could get any closer Rita," Jenn giggled as their mounds were brought together in a vertical kiss. Rita's fluids seeped, mixing with Jenn's as it dripped down between them. Their fluids now.

They kissed, facial lips and vaginal. Joined together now, they pulled closer closer, and began their merge again.

This time they thought Lets see how close we can get.

-

This continued for some time. The girls had experimented with their bodies before, but now a whole new world of possibilities became available. They discovered they could fuse completely. One head, one body, and still retain their sense of self. They could appear as either Rita, or Jenn, or a beautifully stunning combination of the two. A black haired/auburn highlighted, blue-green eyed beauty. Their breasts were perfect before, but now... and their ass was the shapeliest peach you ever saw. They've seen hourglass figures before, but damn I look good She thought. No, we, we look sexy. Rita corrected. But which mind had thought they looked good, neither was sure.

They could change any part of their body while completely merged. Rita's breasts, with Jenns butt. Jenns nipples, and Rita's vagina. Half and half, one or the other, back and forth their body went between the two as they lost themselves inside one another. In this body they shared, they swam. Waves rolled over them, pleasure and a shift of skin tone. Their breasts changed shape and color, size and all.

Rita fingered them with their right hand, and moaned as Jenn inserted another finger from the same hand inside too. Rita shook with pleasure as Jenn played with her nipples, their nipples. Two tongues formed in their shared head, Jenns and Ritas. Twisting inside their mouth.

They came and came again. Rita's body, Jenn's control, Rita came, Jenn came, Rita's control, their body, they shifted back and forth until they thought they ran out of combinations.

"Oh god Rita." Jenn let out between breaths.

"I know Jenn.." She gasped, moaning

"God.. I love you." They let out at once.

Closer and closer they grew. Impossibly close. Beautifully close.

-

Over the next few months, the girls continued about their daily lives. Sometimes attending work as one, while the other was still inside, fully merged. Jenn was a barista, making coffee while Rita was inside, wreaking sexual havoc and giggling when Jenn lost focus. Thankfully Jenn wore an apron and darker pants. Nobody could see how wet her crotch had become.

Other times, Rita would be working her accounting job, with Jenn inside her. Fully merged, Jenn liked to return the favor by playing inside of Rita and making her squirm. Rita wore a skirt, dangerously short. But thankfully under a desk, and with crossed legs, it hid her dripping loins.

Whats wrong babe? Jenn giggled in Rita's head. Trouble focusing?

Rita closed her eyes a second, taking in the pleasure of it all. Jenn took control of their left hand, slowly sliding it down, under the hem of her skirt and... HEY! Rita snapped out of it, taking control of their hand again. It was difficult, but doable. Her mind was a mess of pleasure and emotion, so it was easy for Jenn to take over.

Fortunately, just as easy for Rita to take their body back.

You're in for it tonight missy. Rita plotted her revenge. Jenn yelped as Rita mentally slapped at her ass. How satisfying it was, even imagining Jenn lying there, helpless under Rita's control. Last night Jenn had taken over their body completely for the first time. It was forced, Rita didn't let her take over easily, but Jenn distracted her with sexual acts that blurred Rita's mind.

Once Jenn took over, Rita was helpless as her own hands slid inside of her own body, fingering herself, then tasting as each hand went back and forth from lips to lips. Rita was overwhelmed, completely at Jenns mercy. Once she came, however, some clarity returned, and Rita was able to fight back. The two began their sexual battle anew.
