 The door opened to the smoker's room, my head immediately went up to see who walked in and much to my delight it was her. She walked over to her group and sat down. Pulling a cigarette from her pocket she placed it between her lips, with her other hand she deftly flicked her Zippo, lit her cigarette and inhaled deeply. Sliding down in her chair stretching her long legs she tipped back her head and exhaled slowly.

I loved to watch her smoke. There was something almost erotic about the whole process. It wasn't a bad girl thing, more like a European thing. When she spoke her voice had a slight accent I couldn't quite place. I wasn't sitting close enough to hear the conversation and even though our departments work hand in hand I had never been given the opportunity to speak to her directly.

In the six months that I’ve been with the company, small as it is, I had never been able to get close to her. We were a specialty company that designed costumes and period pieces for theaters and promotional events. She headed the design team; I worked on the team that sewed the final product. The job was no more than an apprenticeship, but it was great. Everyone was fun to be around, even when there was a disagreement it was handled with creative criticism and humor.

One afternoon I finally had my chance to meet her face to face. I had to take a cape I was working on to meet with final approval; it was her design so I would have to go directly to her office.

She was sitting at her drawing table when I knocked on her doorframe.

"Hi, Come in please. Is that the cape?" Her voice was deeper that I had expected, almost sultry.

"Yes, I need to ask you about..." Suddenly her phone rang.

"Excuse me one moment," she said,” Yes? I'm finishing the last one now. Yes. You'll have it tomorrow." She then grabbed a file and flipped through it giving details to the caller.

I took the time to look around her office. It was very eclectic, with drawings on the wall, or any flat surface for that matter. Her desk had an array of pencils, markers, inks as well as fabric swatches, coffee cups and a large jar of candy. Not quite what I expected but sort of offbeat and artsy.

She looked at me and held up her index finger indicating that she would be just a moment.

I smiled and nodded back.

She hung up the phone and turned to me. "I apologize for that, the sales department tends to get a bug up their ass every now and then so I'm forced to be complacent against my own will. You swear that they actually do all the work. Now what can I do for you?"

Her smile distracted me and I stuttered out, "I..Um..I have the cape and..." Then the phone rang again. Rolling her eyes, she let out a sigh and picked up the phone. "Hello." Her voice was tinged with aggravation. "You're kidding me! Alright, I'll get them." She slammed down the phone, rising from her chair, she instructed me to drop the cape and follow her. "I have to get a few dresses from storage and I need your help." I threw the cape over a chair and followed her out the door, down the hall and into the elevator.

“It seems the powers that be have a new client and they want to see a sample of our work. I wish they would let us do some sketches first, but they do things the way they feel will make the sale.”

The elevator paused and the door opened to the basement. I had never been in this part of the building before and I could see why no one else would want to go down there. It wasn’t so much dark as it was maze-like.

“Is this your first time to the “Labyrinth?” she asked. “Yes, I didn’t even know this place existed.” I was hoping she wouldn’t notice how nervous I was, not because of the basement, but because I was alone with her for the first time.

“Don’t be frightened, we have yet to have anyone go missing down here. “ She looked at me and smiled. “You’re a quiet one aren’t you? “

“Not really, I just didn’t expect to go on an adventure into the unknown today.”

“Ah, you have a sense of humor. Good. I hate serious people. I find them to be draining. Well, here we are.” She opened the door to a small room and we walked inside. “Oh by the way don’t let the door…” Behind us came a slam and a click. “…Close. Shit!”


“Is there something wrong? “ I asked. 

“Yes, we are locked in here. Damn. “ She was obviously pissed. “Damn, damn, damn. I’ve told them to have this door lock fixed.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know. What do we do now?” I felt like an idiot.

“We are stuck here until someone realizes that we are missing.” She walked over and kicked the door. “The worst part is that I forgot my cigarettes!”

“I have mine. I smoke menthol if that’s alright?” I pulled my pack out of my pocket and offered her one.

She looked at me for a moment and then smiled. “Menthol is fine. Sorry about the outburst. It’s not your fault, I should have said something earlier.” She took one of my cigarettes and leaned in to let me light it for her, and then I lit one for myself. “Thanks. Well, since it looks like we are going to be cell mates,” she stuck out her hand, “ I’m Luce.”

I took her hand and squeezed it back, “I’m Jess. Is Luce short for something?”

“Yes, Lucine. It’s Armenian. Mama is Armenian and Papa is French. I guess we should make ourselves comfortable, Jess.” We found an old couch that was a prop covered with boxes. We removed them and sat down. 

“So Jess, how do you like working here?” She exhaled in that slow, sexy way that I loved. I had to control myself. “It’s great. Everyone is so nice.”

“You are one of Tom’s girls, right?”

“Yes. He’s a great teacher but a little…” She finished my sentence. “He’s a big poof! It’s okay, I tell him that all the time. He can be a bigger bitch than I am but he is a master at his craft. Your very lucky to train under him.”

“I’m hoping someday to get into costume restoration and perhaps work in a museum.” I was beginning to feel more relaxed around Luce. She was known to be very intimidating and temperamental. I learned to walk past her office carefully as she was known to throw things out the door that displeased her.

“Well you’re definitely taking the right direction” She shifted her position to face me better. We talked a little bit about each other. I found that she lived most of her life in Europe but the States was now her home, she even became a citizen.

“Tell me Jess, are you seeing anyone?” The question took me by surprise. 

“No not at this time. I spend a lot of time here or at school. Pathetic isn’t it?” I felt a little embarrassed when I heard the truth about my life coming out of my mouth. She must think I’m a big loser.

“It’s good to be dedicated, but you must also make time for yourself. You don’t want to find yourself a fifty year old spinster with a bunch of cats in little outfits that you’ve created for them now do you?” 

“No your right.” I laughed back. “ I should carve out some time for myself. I’m still new to the city and I don’t know a lot of people. I know that’s not an excuse.”

“Jess, may I ask you a personal question? Don’t feel you have to answer if you think I am overstepping my boundaries.”

“No, feel free to ask me anything.” I wondered where this was going.

“Are you attracted to me? It’s just that I noticed you staring at me when I am on my smoke break. I have very good perifereral vision. I can see you quite well.”

“I’m sorry. I’m not a weirdo. I…uh..” I was stammering like a fool. How do I get out of this? She must think I’m deranged.

“It’s okay. I’m very flattered. In fact I’ve been watching you also. You’re a very attractive woman.” She said calmly. I could see her eyes travel over my body.

“Thank you. To be honest, yes, I find you very attractive also.” I shifted nervously in my seat.

“Is that a tattoo?” She glanced toward my chest. I didn’t realize that my tattoo was visible. It was located on my left breast. “May I see it?” she asked.

“Sure.” I move my shirt a little to the side. Luce moved closer and pushed back my shirt a little more to get a better look. The feel of her fingers on my flesh made me start to breath heavier. She leaned in closer to my chest to look at the detail.

“It’s very beautiful. Is it your own design?” She ran her fingers along the design. “It appears almost Indian or Asian in context.”

“It is a mix of both, based on some of my beliefs and some symbolism. “ I could feel her breath on my breast and her touch made me wet.

“Beautiful. Like the one who wears it.” She brought her head up and looked into my eyes. She leaned in and pressed her lips to mine. They were so soft and warm. I felt her tongue probe my lips and I parted them enough for her to let her tongue enter my mouth. My tongue met hers, entwining, sucking, the sensation was making my nipples tingle. The hand she had on my breast slipped under my bra and discovered my hardening nipples. I let out a faint moan. Her fingers gently pinched my firm nipple sending a shock wave through my body. Her mouth traveled from mine across my cheek and to my neck. “I want to make love to you Jess. I’ve thought about you watching me and imagined what it would be like to kiss you and hold you. I’ve wanted to touch your beautiful breasts, to lick them and suck them. I’ve watched you walk by in those tight shirts and jeans. My God you are such a tease. Then when I saw you looking at me, studying me, I knew I had to make a move but the time was never right”. She began to suck on my earlobe. “Tell me you want me as much as I want you.”

“Luce, I’ve wanted you from the first time I saw you but I wasn’t sure if you had the same inclinations.” I was melting from her touch. “I never had feelings for a woman like this before, I mean, I’ve always had men in my life, but something about you made me start to think differently. I would go home and think about you.”

“There is no more time for thinking, only actions. Let’s get this shirt off so I can properly pay respects to these great tits of yours.” She began to unbutton my blouse all the while looking into my eyes.

My blouse slid over my shoulders with ease, then she began to reach around and unhook my bra. Once my breasts were free she immediately began to lightly lick my nipples. Her tongue expertly encircled my hardened tits and then she started to suck on them. My pussy was aching with jealousy. I ran my hands under here shirt, around to her quickly hardening tits. I then pulled her shirt over her head. She was braless so I was able to see her ample bosom. I ran my hand across them, pinching and pulling them lightly at first and them with more pressure. 

She let go of my tits long enough to let me taste her breasts. I dove on them hungrily, sucking as much of her right one as I could while massaging the left one.

“Oh yes, that is so good. Your making me so wet. “ She cried. “ But we have to stop this.”

I picked up my head, “What?” I was dumbfounded, was I doing something wrong?

“We have to get these clothes off. I need to taste your pussy. Take off your pants now.”

I didn’t need any more encouragement. We stood up and stripped off the last of our clothing. Our eyes momentarily taking in each other’s bodies. She pulled me close and kissed me hungrily, our tongues meeting again. Her hands moved through my hair and down my back to my ass. I pressed my body next to hers, our pussies touching. I slid my hands down her back to her ass and we began to rub against one another. My juices began to run down my leg as I neared orgasm. She pushed me back onto the couch until I was seated. She then kneeled in front of me and spread my legs to reveal my throbbing clit. 

“Your pussy is beautiful as well. I can’t help but eat it, look how ready it is for me.” Putting her hands on either side she parted my lips exposing my red, erect clit. Then she ever so lightly touched the tip of her tongue against my clit, slowly adding pressure as she twirled and licked me to near climax. Suddenly her tongue slipped into my waiting hole. Her warn tongue explored my insides as her mouth sucked my clit. I started to pant more rapidly. Grabbing her head I pulled her further into me, “OH God Luce, don’t stop, please don’t stop. Make me come now,” I screamed. 

Right on cue she placed her hands under my ass and started to eat my pussy hard and fast. I lifted my hips higher and ground my cunt against her face. I felt myself start to climax like electricity was going through me from my pussy to the tips of my nipples. Then suddenly I started to come.

“OH FUCK DON”T STOP! PLEASE DON”T FUCKING STOP!!!…. OOOOHHH GOD…”

I came so hard that I started to black out. Luce kept sucking on me taking all that I had to offer. I collapsed back against the couch, sweating and panting. My heart beat so hard I thought it would burst. As I lay back, Luce licked me clean and then began to kiss me, first on my ravaged pussy, around my inner thighs, working her may up my belly to my tits, stopping to lick and kiss each one before reaching my mouth. Tenderly she kissed my lips letting me savor the taste of our lovemaking. 

I wanted to continue with our session but Luce reminded me of where we were and so we quickly dressed. 

“We should pull those dresses before people wonder what we were doing down here while incarcerated. “ Luce said with a sly smile.

The smell of sex and perfume still lingered in the air as well as the tell tale wet spot on the couch. “Well they would have to pretty damn dumb if they couldn’t” We both laughed and went to find the dresses we had originally come for earlier that afternoon. 

With the dresses pile on some crates we covered the couch with boxes and sat down at other parts of the room. We lit up our cigarettes and started to giggle. “I feel like I’m back at Catholic school and Sister Beneficia is about to scold me again” chuckled Luce.

“You were a bad girl in school? I find that hard to believe, after all you’re so well mannered and so well versed in the ways of the world.” I teased.

“Bite me. Where do you think I learned to eat pussy so well? There’s a lot to be said for private education. “ She exhaled the last of her cigarette and crushed it out on the floor.” We can review that later when you come over to my place.”

“Is that an invitation?” I asked. “No, it’s order. Technically I am one of your superiors. Unless you have something else to do that needs your attention?” She asked teasingly, pulling an imaginary string off of her pants.

“Oh I’ll be there just to show how we did things in public school. I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised. “

Our conversation was interrupted by the sound of footsteps approaching and the turning of the door handle. It was Luce’s assistant . 

“Sorry about the wait girls. It took me a while to figure out where you had gotten to, then Marcus told me you were coming for some dresses. Everything okay?” She asked.

“Just fine, but would you mind delivering these dresses please? I think I’ve traumatized our new girl on her first visit to the “Labyrinth”. I’m going to take her home.” Luce glanced back at me as she walked through the door. “If that’s okay with you, Jess?”

“That sounds great to me, I think I need to go to bed. “ 

We left together that night and have been together since. The lock has been fixed on the storage door, but we have found other places in the building to explore, over and over.