 "On top of my baby, I rode the huge strapon toy she wore, pounding it with my pussy, my breasts and hair bouncing...and a vibrator buried inside her..."

Blue was in the shower, so I joined her, but, just sat down on the bench, marveling at her body, playing with my pussy while watching the soap cascade down her gorgeous body. I came so close to cumming, but, held back. I knew she'd want to make me cum.

The marble bench in the shower is away from the wall and I lied on my back with it between my legs, my pussy wide open for Baby. She finally saw me.

"Sunny! Don't move! Stay right there!"

Are you kidding? I knew what was in store for me...I was going nowhere.

Blue came to me and squirted liquid soap all OVER me...LOTS of it! She rubbed it all over my body. She washed my feet, sliding her fingers between my toes. Also, my pussy and under me to my ass where she slid her finger in, but stopped when she saw me almost cumming. Soooooooo close. Fucking my ass will make me cum, and Baby knows just how to take care of my ass...hard and deep...

She got the hand-held shower head and started rinsing me off...

"Are you ready for this, hotstuff?"

I said, "FUCK ME!"

She smiled and turned it on hard pulse...I braced myself...the warm water hit my swollen clit and I came screaming! My body went insane and bucked hard, but I was mostly immobilized by the position I was in...my orgasm lasted forever! 

Baby turned off the shower and slid on top of me, straddling my body. She said, "My my...you're so sexy when you cum!"

I just smiled at her and held her hips, her wet pussy resting on my strong tummy muscles. I held her down tightly...

"Cum on me...fuck yourself on my tummy and cum on me, baby..."

Blue is so fucking hot! She ground herself in sexy little circles on my tummy, leaning forward, resting her hands on mine up in the air. She fucked herself harder...faster...he mouth open and gasping for air, then she squealed and her body exploded in a fantastic orgasm, her cum flowing from her ravaged pussy so hot, it burned my tummy! FUCK YES!

She fell down on top of me, her legs still spread...her breath hot on my neck...

...and her quivering pussy oozing and dribbling her cum on MY pussy...

That made me squirm under her...my pussy was on fire again! Baby looked in my eyes...

"Oooooooooo...you're such a hot, sweet whore for me...always soooooo fucking horny."

"Well? You're a fucking tease...you KNEW what you were doing, dripping your cum on my pussy!"

Blue pooched out her lips at me and spoke hotly...

"Aaaawww, my poor baby...I think you need a good hard fuck..."

I placed my lips against hers and hungrily licked her lips, sucking them eagerly...

"Damn right I do, and you'd better bring the biggest toy we have, baby!"

We made it to bed, and I eagerly watched the lube cover the toy on the strapon Blue was wearing...FUCK, the toy was huge, and the lube slid all over it, some of it dripping off. I couldn't wait to have it inside me!

"FUCK ME, BABY!"

I pulled my knees back and spread my legs real wide for Baby...she smiled and slid between my thighs, teasing my pussy with the toy...that sent shocks all through me and I grabbed her hips to pull her in, but she wriggled away from me, then came back and tormented my clit with the toy.

"Blue! I have to be fucked! HARD!"

My juices were pouring from me...I raised my ass and tried to fuck at the toy...she giggled and slid it inside me only a little, wriggled her hips around and smiled. 

I was not smiling...I was trying to grab her hips and make her fuck me! My pussy was hungry!

She slid the toy in a little more, then pulled it back out.

I lost my patience...

I grabbed her and tossed her beside me...she loved it and squealed! I jumped on top of her, sitting up and on my knees...the toy slid soooooooo easily inside my sloppy-wet pussy, ramming ALL the way in so my ass, wet from my juices, landed with a SPLAT on her hips!

I just sat there and menacingly, in a playful sort of way, looked in her eyes...

"Now, who has WHO under control, my hot Blue?"

She smiled. "Hmmmm...I'm not so sure!"

She bucked her ass off the bed...I flew up in the air, my slippery pussy sliding up the toy, but not off of it. I screamed when I slid back down, my ass slapping her again. 

I growled at her and grabbed a short vibrator. Holding her in place, I slid it under the strapon she was wearing and into her pussy, letting the strapon hold it in place. I showed her the remote control for the vibrator and smiled. Without saying anything, that was all I had to do...

Her eyes opened wide...

"Yeah Sunny! Crank it up!"

I hit the vibrator button labeled "Illegal Most Countries" and Baby went wild! I started fucking the strapon savagely, pounding it with my pussy, my juices squeezing out from around the toy and soaking her with every long, hard fuck! Blue matched my fucks with rough strokes, screaming from the killer vibrator inside her!

We fucked like wild animals...I screamed each time I raised my ass in the air, then dropping down onto her and sending the toy against the back of my pussy...Baby was now completely covered in my juices...the vibe kept punishing her pussy...

We both came together in a mass of mutual, hard-shuddering, all-consuming pleasure!

Right when our orgasm ended, Blue glared at me and grabbed the remote control, turning off the vibrator...I giggled, leaving the strapon toy inside me and lowering myself down on her body. 

She wrapped me in her arms and legs...her warm mouth met mine and we wetly kissed in a chorus of hot, sexy sounds while the toy moved around inside me, my pussy softly convulsing and forcing the rest of my cum and juices out around it.

I smiled and wriggled myself off the toy, she took it off herself, then we rolled to our sides, our bodies relaxing into each other. Our breath was still warm on our lips as we pledged, as always, our forever and ever love.

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all of you,

Sunny