 This is the final chapter from my series After School Detention. This chapter could be a stand alone, but it is a continuation from part 2. For a better understanding, please feel free to read the two chapters of After School Detention on my page. This chapter will be told from a third person narrative where I hope to incorporate more information about the characters to the audience. 

I really appreciated the feedback from this short series and wasn't expecting to be writing a third part to it. I wanted to take the feedback and hopefully fulfill some of it through this chapter. Thank you again so much for reading, commenting, and rating. I see all feedback and it always means a lot to me! x

*********************

It was just after first period and Miss. Gilmore made her way to the lunch room. Thankfully someone had just made a fresh pot of coffee so all she had to do was pour it in her favourite mug with a splash of milk. She was thankful that she was alone, since she was getting incredibly nervous to talk to the staff. It was only natural that she felt extremely shameful, exposed and guilty after both encounters with Vanessa. Just recently she was in Vanessa's bed with her, doing the most intimate actions possible. She closed her eyes as she held the warm mug between her hands, remembering and replaying the moments and sounds in her head. All she could see was the vision of Vanessa descending down her body and the loud moans that followed shortly after. She could hear the shaking mattress as Vanessa banged her passionately in the bed. And it was like she could almost still taste Vanessa's juices at the back of her throat. She mindlessly licked her lips, completely lost in thought of the memories. 

'Hey Miranda,' 

Suddenly Miss. Gilmore slightly gasped, placing a hand to her chest, quickly turning around. She was met with the tech teacher Miss. Luis who was also starting for the pot of coffee. 

'Oh sorry, didn't mean to startle you,' she said, pouring the coffee in her cup. Miss. Gilmore could feel her heart starting to settle again once she knew who it was, and she breathed out, taking a much needed sip of her coffee. 

'No- no it's okay. Just thinking about some tests I need to print later,' Miss. Gilmore swallowed the lump in her throat as she spoke, or the lie in her throat, she thought to herself. She looked to the ground as she leaned up against the side counter. 

'It's that lovely time of year, isn't it? Getting students ready for exams and printing off hundreds of papers. I swear I go to sleep at night and still hear either the damn printer or the photo copier,' Miss. Luis joked as she stirred her coffee, also leaning back and sipping from her coffee. Miss. Gilmore couldn't help but laugh from her joke, but she felt guilty for laughing and feeling happy, since the source of her happiness was coming from someone that it shouldn't be. She had felt up in the clouds ever since speaking and being intimate with Vanessa, and as bad as it sounds, she was constantly wondering when she would encounter her next. All of a sudden, the room filled with a loud groan from Miss. Luis as they drank their coffee. The sound took over Miss. Gilmore's thoughts and brought her back to earth.

'What is it?' Miss. Gilmore asked, looking up at her. 

'I'm on detention watch tonight. And there's quite a few of them. Why can't kids just follow the rules? It's not that hard, it's such simple rules...' Miss. Luis shook her head as she trailed off into her sentence. 'Oh well, hopefully they just do their thing and then I can finally head home,' she added. Miss. Gilmore could feel her heart racing as she remembered her first encounter with Vanessa during detention, and how perfect it was. She suddenly realized she hadn't yet responded, and quickly acted to do so.

'Oh- yeah, I know,' Miss. Gilmore tried to push the thoughts of Vanessa to the back of her mind so she could somewhat focus on the conversation. 

'Oh but, on the brighter side of things, I had a date last night,' Miss. Luis winked, smirking as she spoke. 

'Did you? How was that?' Miss. Gilmore asked, smiling and excited to hear about it. Her and Miss. Luis were always talking about her dates since she recently was trying to get back into dating after her divorce. Miss. Luis blushed, rubbing her palms against the mug.

'That's a happy look,' Miss. Gilmore smiled as she examined Miss. Luis and her red cheeks. 

'Yeah, I really do have to say it was the best date I've had in months. I'm just happy I'm finally moving on... I couldn't have asked for a better date,' 

'I'm so glad, Sandra. You deserve it. I know it's been a hard year for you so far, but you're doing great, and it sounds like you're off to a good start with this guy,' Miss. Gilmore smiled, comforting her with kind words. Miss. Luis looked at her with a big smile, still blushing.

'Thanks Miranda. How about you? Any dates or anything?' Miss. Luis asked, sipping from the mug. Miss. Gilmore could feel her heart racing once again as Vanessa filled her mind. She wanted so desperately to talk about it with someone since she felt amazing about it, but she knew it was completely out of bounds to talk about. She knew it would be impossible to talk about it and not slip Vanessa's name or something. She bit her lip, looking to the ground. 

'No, nothing,' she said quietly, shifting her feet around on the floor. She cleared her throat nervously, taking the last sip of her coffee. She had been single for close to five months before she had her encounter with Vanessa. Him and her had been together for a few years but had more bad days than good. Once they separated, there was no trace of him at all afterwards. He grew into a habit of becoming verbally abusive, and there came a point where Miranda had no choice but to leave for the sake of her own good. Before that, she was with another guy from college for also a few years, but eventually they hardly saw each other due to busy schedules and the engagement got called off. Vanessa on the other hand was still rather new towards dating, and only had one short term relationship a few summers back with a girl. She also was seeing a guy the summer after which was more like a fling, but always found her mind gearing more towards the same sex. Vanessa and Miranda have discussed their past interests together, and it always stumps Miranda since she never expected to fall for a girl... not until she met Vanessa. It was a surprise to Vanessa too, she didn't know she'd be falling for her high school teacher. 

'Not even, you know, a good hookup? We haven't talked much about your dating life recently. I'm just glad you got rid of that asshole earlier this year,' Miss. Luis said, looking at her from across the room. Miss. Gilmore shifted and turned, feeling her face becoming red and hot. There was a few seconds of silence in the room before Miss. Gilmore stepped back from the counter and turned the opposite way. 

'No, not at all - but... I should get going. I have a lot of tests to review. Nice talking with you Sandra,' Miss. Gilmore placed her cup in the sink and started for the door. 

'Oh okay. You too Miranda, see you around,' 

Miss. Gilmore continued on her way to her empty classroom, closing the door. She still had over an hour until her next class started, and while she did have to do a lot of work for the upcoming tests, she had no motivation to get it done while she had time. 

Within seconds of closing the door, she found herself with her back leaned against the door, crying uncontrollably in her palms. She hated lying right to her staff members face, when in reality she just wanted to express how happy and complete she felt with Vanessa. But then again she felt guilty that it was with a student; the very last person who it should be with. Countless emotions coursed through her, mainly guilt and sadness. She was entirely convinced this was some dream that she just needed to wake up from. It was only a matter of when she would wake up. 

'What the fuck have I done? What the fuck was I thinking?' she whispered to herself as the tears poured out of her eyes. She cried so hard that she choked back, gasping for air. She was so angry with herself that she just wanted to rip the whole room apart. There was no turning back or erasing what's already happened, what happened was true, it was far from a dream and she was just waiting to pay the consequences. 

Walking in the halls started to become very hard for Miss. Gilmore. She passed Vanessa everyday in the halls and every time she did, she just wanted to run up to her and hug her, kiss her, ask her about her day. They often got alone in between classes or after school in certain classrooms. Sometimes if they were lucky, their lunch and spare would meet up and Vanessa would sneak in to the staff break room if it was only Miss. Gilmore in there and share a few kisses with her and spend some of lunch with her. They would find themselves talking about their day, their interests and finding more about each other. Miss. Gilmore often found herself wondering how such a sweet girl could have such a bad rep around the school with breaking the rules and getting herself in trouble. There was definitely a few close calls with people walking by, involving Vanessa having to run out of the room or hide somewhere in the room. It was very risky, but Miss. Gilmore couldn't help but keep taking these risks with her. They had grown so close and comfortable over the month. But after the talk with Miss. Luis, it truly made her realize just how bad it was that she couldn't even speak about her dating life since she was practically dating a student, or at least she felt like she was. 

Out of nowhere, she heard soft knocking on the other side of the door. It startled her and pulled her out of her thoughts. She wiped her tears away in a hurry, looking through the foggy glass on the door, and she instantly recognized the face. It was Vanessa. Over the last few weeks, Vanessa watched closely for Miss. Gilmore and her schedule, knowing where her classes were and where she would be at certain times. Miss. Gilmore was guilty of doing the same, and always knew what class Vanessa was in when she thought of her. She hesitantly but quickly opened the door a crack, peeping her face out. 

'Miss. Gilm- wait, what's wrong? What happened?' Vanessa's face frowned the second she realized that Miss. Gilmore's cheeks were covered in tears. She squeezed her body through the small opening of the door, and shut it after she was inside the classroom. She instantly reached for Miss. Gilmore's face and held it in her palms gently. Seeing Vanessa's face only made her cry again, harder this time. 

'Hey- hey... what's wrong?' Vanessa was trying to make eye contact with Miss. Gilmore, but she was dodging every opportunity to. Miss. Gilmore fell into Vanessa's arms, crying in her neck, hyperventilating from the lack of breaths she was taking. Vanessa held her tight and close, rubbing her back gently, kissing her hair. 

'Vanessa... you need to go- I can't see you anymore ... I'm just going to fuck up your life,' Miss. Gilmore tossed and turned her head in Vanessa's neck as she bawled. But her words only made Vanessa grip onto her harder, kissing her temple softly and still massaging down her spine. 

'I don't want to go Miss. Gilmore... unless you don't want me to be around you...' Vanessa spoke with sadness in her voice and her response caused Miss. Gilmore to peel her head away from her neck and to hold Vanessa's face tightly. She pulled Vanessa's face to her and kissed her on the mouth, savouring the feel of their mouths together. The last thing her heart wanted was for Vanessa to go, but she was having a hard time coming to grips with that realistically it would be very wise for her to stop seeing Vanessa, and that she should have never done anything with her in detention, but then again, it was the best time she's ever had. 

'I don't want you to go... but someone will find out... someone will tell... something bad will happen Vanessa... I don't know how much longer this can stay protected,' Miss. Gilmore looked deep into Vanessa's eyes, still holding her face. 

'Miss. Gilmore, I promise no one knows, or ever will...' Vanessa's eyes started to fill with tears, and she pulled Miss. Gilmore in for another kiss, kissing her deeply and passionately. They kissed longer this time, and after a few moments they both pulled back to catch a breath. 

'How can you be so sure?...' Miss. Gilmore asked breathlessly and with a shaky voice. Vanessa rested her forehead against hers, looking deep into her eyes. 

'Because... I like you Miss. Gilmore, I care about you. Why would I do something so bad to someone I like and care for?' Vanessa breathed out, wrapping her arms around Miss. Gilmore's sides.

'You do like me, Vanessa?' Miss. Gilmore asked gently, looking up into her eyes. 

'Yes... yes, I like you Miss. Gilmore. Is that too much to say?' Vanessa spoke quietly, kissing her neck gently. Miss. Gilmore was stunned and still trying to comprehend everything. She was still trying to digest the fact that she was falling quickly and deeply for a student, and the fact that the feeling could be mutual boggled her mind. She stepped back, catching a breath and avoiding eye contact with Vanessa. 

'Just tell me you don't like me, just tell me you don't want me, Miss. Gilmore. I'll understand,' Vanessa spoke quietly but firmly. 

'Can... can we please talk about this later, Vanessa?' Miss. Gilmore looked up into her eyes, holding back more tears. Vanessa reached for her face with one hand, stroking her cheek with her thumb. 

'Yes, of course we can. Where do you want to meet?' 

'Room 137... our detention room,' Miss. Gilmore gave a soft smile as she spoke. Vanessa smiled at her words, nodding and taking a step back. 

'I'll be there right after last class... see you then Miss. Gilmore,' 

She turned and reached for the doorknob, exiting the room. She closed the door, and Miss. Gilmore let out a shaky breath, leaning against the door. From the other side of the door, she could hear the conversation that was taking place. 

'Agh, Vanessa Morgan. Just the person I wanted to see,' a voice said. Miss. Gilmore recognized the voice as the chemistry teacher Mr. Maida. 

'Hi Mr. Maida,' 

'I'm still waiting on that assignment Vanessa. When will you have it in? I need to start handing them back soon so you guys can use it for reviewing,' 

'Right... I'm sorry, I'll have it in by first thing tomorrow morning. I promise,' 

'Please Vanessa, please do. Or else I'll just have to give you a zero for it. Make a note or something,' his voice faded away and lowered in volume as he started to walk away. She listened closely as she heard Vanessa's footsteps walking away too. Miss. Gilmore couldn't help but feel more guilty from the conversation she just heard. What if Vanessa wasn't able to focus or concentrate properly in class or on assignments because of what happened? Her heart sank to the bottom of her chest as the bell rang, and her next class started. 

****************

'So I want you all to do questions 1, 2 and 3 from your textbook. After you're done that, I'd like you to continue on to read chapter 3. Lots of the information on that page will be on the exam so just be sure to pay close attention to it. And if you have any questions, just let me know,' Miss. Gilmore turned to the blackboard and proceeded to write her instructions with the chalk. While her back was turned, she couldn't help but think that her class was judging her about the awful thing she did. Sleeping with a student, sneaking around with her... she finished up on the blackboard quickly and made her way to her desk where she sat down and started putting together some exam practices. She got lost in her work, trying to focus and get as much done as possible before the students were finished with the questions. There was some conversation in the room, but nothing loud or out of control. The four students closer to Miss. Gilmore's desk caught her attention more, and for once in her career, Miss. Gilmore found herself eavesdropping on a conversation from students. 

'What about Vanessa? Is she coming?'

'Vanessa Morgan? Fuck that, she hasn't hung out with us in weeks,' one student said to their classmate.

'Yeah, I don't know what happened. She just stopped showing up. I've tried talking to her in the halls, but she isn't herself, I don't know,' another student said. 

'What? Is she alright?' the one student asked with concern in their voice. 

'Who knows. It kinda sucks though, she was fun to be with. I mean she's still nice like she's always been, but she's kinda distant. Maybe she's going through some shit,' 

Miss. Gilmore's heart was pounding as the guilt flooded her even more. She was ruining Vanessa's education and the relationship with her friends, she thought to herself. She held back even more tears, and bit her lip. 

'But what's wrong with her?'

'I don't know... why don't you ask Miss. Gilmore?' 

'True, maybe she knows,' 

'Hey Miss. Gilmore, have you heard about anything going on with Vanessa Morgan?' the student asked, turning around in their chair. Miss. Gilmore gave a blank stare as she looked up to the student, her mouth dry and her heart pounding. 

'I haven't heard anything, no. On the other hand, it wouldn't be any of our business if there was,' Miss. Gilmore said firmly. Vanessa and Miss. Gilmore were far from strangers, but in a way, Miss. Gilmore didn't exactly know Vanessa personally, didn't know her home life or any battles she may face. And it was the same with Vanessa, who also didn't know much about Miss. Gilmore personally. They had just been so caught up in seeing each other and talking about their days and interests that personal things were hardly apart of the conversation; essentially, they were lost in each other. The conversation she heard from the students concerned her, and the student shrugged. 

'True, sorry, just wondering,' the student turned back around, and Miss. Gilmore let out a quiet breath. She felt so strange hearing others talk about Vanessa when she had been so intimate with her. Just an hour ago she was kissing Vanessa deeply in this room. She just wanted to scream, she was in so deep and so tangled, and had no idea how to get out.

*****************

The last few periods finished and the final bell rang. Miss. Gilmore quickly packed up her bags and locked her classroom, heading to room 137 which was always empty at last period and after school. She grew excited at the thought of seeing Vanessa again, and was hoping to get things straight and know where they stand now. Things were starting to get serious, and way too close for it to not be talked about. All she knew was that she didn't want to be apart from Vanessa. 

She waited by the desk in the classroom. The halls were quiet until moments later she heard soft footsteps walking to the door and the door opened slowly, and Vanessa's face popped in. Miss. Gilmore smiled and Vanessa came in, closing the door tightly. They walked towards each other with no words and fell into a deep kiss, holding each other tightly and running their fists through each other's hair. It was unknown how long they had been kissing for, but soon they pulled back and caught a breath with half open and heavy eyes. 

'Are you okay, Miss. Gilmore?' Vanessa asked gently, and Miss. Gilmore tried to nod but she was far from okay. She was falling apart and her heart was breaking. She fell for someone she shouldn't have, she wants someone she knows she can't have and it was completely out of the blue, there was no warning sign. 

'Vanessa... first, you're welcome to call me Miranda...' Miss. Gilmore offered a small smile, and Vanessa grinned, running a hand through her teacher's hair. Their eyes were locked to each other's. 
