 Brenda was awake and moving before her alarm went off. She had fallen asleep much faster than she expected the night before given the excitement she felt and now awoke feeling rested and ready. She slid out of bed without waking her husband Mike and quickly showered and dressed in a pair of jeans and a loose fitting blue top. Without a word to him she left the bedroom and went to the kitchen. She made a cup of dark roast coffee in the travel mug that she used every day for her drive to work and ate the normal bowl of oatmeal that had been a staple of her morning for many years. She quickly rinsed the bowl and put it in the dishwasher, slipped on a pair of knee high brown leather boots and grabbed the bags by the backdoor as she slipped out the door to the garage.

She held her breath as she tossed the bags into the back of her Ford Explorer, opened the garage door and started the engine. After backing out of the garage and hitting the button on the remote that closed the garage door she exhaled a huge sigh of relief and felt the tension bleed from her body. The last thing she wanted was to have Mike decide this morning to get up and see her off. Not that he ever did, or for that matter had even spoken to her very often at all over the last couple months, but this morning would have been more uncomfortable than usual.

While in most ways this was a morning like any other Thursday morning, for Brenda it was something entirely different. Rather than going to work this morning, she was heading on a trip that could mean the end of her twenty-four-year marriage. In about ten hours she would arrive at a hotel near Charlotte, NC where she would meet a woman that she had fallen in love with. Mike knew where she was going, but not why. The purpose of the trip was to pick up their fifteen-year-old son Josh who had spent the last few weeks with his aunt and uncle in Greensboro, about two hours from Charlotte. She had told Mike that on the way she was going to go to Charlotte and spend a couple days with a group of friends from Virginia that she hadn't seen since they had moved to St Louis seven years earlier. They could save on airfare and she'd get to see her friends, made sense to Mike.

The move to St Louis had been his idea. They both were tired of the Washington DC suburbs they had both grown up in, but moving half way across the country, hundreds of miles from family and friends seemed excessive. Mike had found an excellent job with a salary that they could live on and the company paid their moving expenses. Brenda was able to find a job quickly as well and from a financial perspective the move had worked out well. Even Josh had settled in and was excelling at school and had made lots of friends.

Mike worked a lot though, and their marriage, that had never been fantastic, started to resemble roommates more than a husband and wife. It was not unusual for them to go weeks without having a conversation that didn't pertain to Josh. Both were not good at facing conflict, so when things got bad, often for no identifiable reason, they would pull back from the other and barely speak for weeks and on a few occasions, months. Normally, it would end as suddenly and unexpended as it began, though a couple times they had screamed at each other a bit before making up. Never did they actually discuss it, so it just went on.

As she pulled out onto the interstate, Brenda picked up her phone and sent a text to Alex that let her know she was on the road and would see her tonight. She knew Alex wouldn't respond for a couple hours because she had worked the late shift at the Target store in Roanoke, VA where she was a shift supervisor. Brenda liked it when Alex worked the late shift because she got home after her boyfriend John and his kids were asleep and didn't get up the next morning until after they had left for the day. The less interaction Alex had with John the better Brenda felt.

As she headed east into the rising morning sun, Brenda began to think back to how all of this had started. A series of events that had happened simultaneously and had created the opportunity for two women to develop a relationship that both needed desperately.

It had all started when Mike and Josh had left for two weeks to go fishing in Minnesota. They had gone every year since the family had moved to St Louis. Brenda had chosen to stay home the last four years because she really didn't enjoy fishing and the boys got to spend some time together. Brenda had sent a couple of texts to Mike on Sunday and Monday afternoons and received short responses, but that was the entire communication for the week and by the weekend she was a little annoyed. That set the stage for the series of events that would play out and lead her to where she was at that moment.

After work on Friday she settled down on the couch with a glass of wine and flipped on her laptop. She was lonely and a bit horny which guided her web surfing to a site she had found recently called Literotica.com where people wrote and posted erotic stories. She found herself more and more drawn to stories about lesbian couples and that evening found a couple stories that she enjoyed. After finishing a particularly delightful story, she began exploring the site a little more and noticed a link to a bulletin board. She clicked the link and checked out the topics, most of which were related to writing erotic literature, but one caught her eye, "Personals".

She clicked the link and found herself staring at a list of posts from people looking to connect with other members of the site for a variety of topics. At the top of the list was a post from a member with the name "Daisy29" that read, "Looking for an older woman to explore fantasies". Intrigued, Brenda clicked on the link and read the post, "My boyfriend is out for the night. Any older women want to chat. I've been fantasizing a lot about women lately."

Following a link to Daisy29's profile, Brenda saw that she claimed to be a "twenty-nine-year-old woman who lived with her wonderful boyfriend." Her profile also indicated that she was on-line. "What the fuck," Brenda thought. She scanned the site and saw a link to "Send User a Private Message". She clicked the link and typed a quick message, "Hi, 47 year old married woman. I'd like to talk about your fantasies." She clicked send and sat for a moment and watched the screen.

A minute later the site indicated that he had a message waiting. She clicked on the link and there was a message that read, "Hi. I'm Alex. It's nice to meet you."

She clicked the link to respond and typed, "I'm". "Shit," Brenda thought, "I can't use my real name." She thought for a moment and decided to use the name Joan. "I'm Joan. It's nice to meet you as well sweetie."

The two sent four or five messages back and forth before "Daisy29" asked, "Do you have KiK. This sucks."

Brenda typed back, "I don't know what that is, remember, I'm old."

"Stop it, you are not. It's a messaging app for your phone. Download it and create a username and we can chat there. My name is Lexi29," Alex responded.

Brenda pulled out her phone without hesitating and found the app in the app store. It took only a few seconds to install the app and in about a minute she had an account set up as Joanie47. She searched for Lexi29 and sent a request to connect. The request was accepted within seconds and a closeup image of a lovely young woman's face appeared in a tiny circle next to the screen name. The image was so small on her phone that she couldn't tell much beyond that it was a face, but she assumed it was fake anyway so she didn't pay much attention to it.

They continued their chat and Alex began to tell her about her life. While Brenda was hesitant to share any real details about her life, Alex had no such hesitations. She told her about what an asshole her boyfriend was, how he got drunk and smoked on the front porch every night listening to Insane Clown Posse music. How she had been pregnant but eight months ago the baby had been still-born. She told "Joan" all of this like they had known each other forever. 

After chatting for about an hour, Alex just suddenly stopped responding. Brenda waited several minutes, then sent a message, "Well it was nice chatting with you. Guess you found someone more interesting." Brenda pulled her laptop back up and saw that no new messages were there either, so she shut down her laptop and went to bed. Having been in internet chat rooms before, she was not surprised that someone just moved on. It happened a lot.

The next morning Brenda went about her normal Saturday activities. She went to the gym and took a spin class, then met a couple friends for coffee. While having coffee and chatting about the latest PTA drama, the message indicator on Brenda's phone began to flash. The notification indicated that there was a KiK message waiting for her. Surprised, she opened the message and read it, "I'm so sorry Joan. I fell asleep. I wasn't chatting with someone else."

Closing the app, Brenda went back to her conversation with her friends. They sat for another hour or so and talked before it was time to get back to their lives. "See you all next Saturday," Brenda said as she left and headed for home.

When she got home she took a shower and sat in front of the mirror in the bathroom and put on her makeup. She thought about last night and the young woman, Alex, who had been so quick to tell lay out the details of her life then fall asleep. "Yeah, right," she thought, "She just fell asleep that quick." She looked at herself in the mirror. "What were you thinking anyway." She was a fairly attractive woman with long auburn hair that she noticed was starting to show more and more grey. The towel that was wrapped around her covered her smaller than average breasts that sagged a bit as a result of age and having breast-fed Josh. Mike had asked her if she wanted to get a "boob job", but she laughed it off as a waste of money. She thought it was silly to think that a girl almost 20 years younger than her would be interested in her.

Her phone was sitting on the counter-top next to her and she picked it up. She opened the KiK app and read the message from Lexi29 again. "I'm so sorry Joan. I fell asleep. I wasn't chatting with someone else." Fidgeting with the phone in her hand she thought for a minute before responding, "That's OK sweetie, I understand."

She saw immediately that Alex was responding, "Seriously, I'm so sorry. I took a sleeping pill and when it hits it hits hard."

"It's fine Alex. It really is," she responded.

"I really enjoyed our chat. I wanted to play with you so bad, but I fell asleep."

Brenda read the message a couple times. She knew never to read too much into texts, between auto-correct and a lack of tone, a lot of things were lost in translation. Intrigued though, she responded, "what kind of play?"

"I was hoping we could do a little role-play or just play with ourselves while we chatted," was Alex's response.

A tingle of excitement swept over Brenda. She had masturbated a few times chatting with men, and to be honest, "Alex" was probably a man too. It was more or less understood and accepted though because in the end, the people using those chat rooms were just looking to play out fantasies, and sometimes the fantasy involved being a woman. "To each his own," she thought.

"I love to role play," Brenda typed.

"Cool, do you mind if I call you Mommy?" Alex wrote.

The thought of a young woman calling her Mommy in a sexual role-play hit Brenda hard. The thought had never crossed her mind before, but it sent instant chills through her body. "I'd love that sweetie," she responded.

For the next half hour Brenda and Alex played out a scene where Brenda was the woman who lived next door to Alex. It was contrived and unrealistic, but it was incredibly hot. It wasn't long before Brenda had moved from the bathroom to her bed where she had tossed the damp towel on the floor and lay naked. She began to touch herself as their story progressed and they described to each other how they would kiss, finger and lick each other.

Brenda was beginning to really enjoy the scene, her first ever lesbian role-play. Her fingers were exploring the soft insides of her pussy. It was warm and wet, and she knew it wouldn't be long before she would begin the feel the telltale signs that an orgasm was approaching. Just as suddenly as before, the messages from Alex stopped.

This time Brenda was pissed. She was horny as hell; her fingers were deep inside her pussy and it just ended. She waited a few minutes, feeling angry and frustrated, then tossed the phone aside and decided to just finish herself off. The mood was gone though and she realized it was not going to happen so she gave up and flipped on the TV.

About ten minutes later the message light on her phone began flashing again. She picked up the phone and saw that it was another KiK message. Brenda was pissed off and opened the app ready to fire off a nasty message to the little tease who kept disappearing. Her anger subsided and she even giggled a little when she read the message that was waiting, "Fuck I'm so sorry Joan. John's step mom walked in on me. I was about to cum. Luckily, I had the blanket over me."

"LOL, that must have sucked," Joan responded.

"Then the bitch sat down on the bed and had a conversation with me about John and how sorry she was for what a dick he has been," Alex wrote.

Brenda couldn't help laughing, imagining the scene, though in the back of her mind she continued to wonder if this was all just a load of BS. Problem was, she couldn't come up with an angle for someone to make up shit like that, so she decided to take it as the truth, or something close to the truth, at least for now.

"Do you want to keep going?" Alex wrote.

"Sure," Brenda responded. She wasn't entirely convinced, but didn't have anything else pressing to do.

They started their scene up again, but before too long gave up on the pretense of the role-play and just masturbated while they chatted. Brenda's fingers were buried in her pussy and she was struggling to type much beyond "mmmmmm" or "fuuuuuuuuuck." Periodically Alex would include "mommy" in one her messages which would cause a shiver of lust to course through her body. Their messages continued as the two women encouraged each other to orgasm.

Brenda could feel herself getting closer and it became more difficult to type. "Fuck baby-girl I'm so close," she wrote, then plunged two fingers deep inside her pussy while her thumb moved violently back and forth over her swollen clit.

"Yes Mommy, cum for me.

"Fuck your beautiful pussy."

"I want to taste you."

Alex continued to send short and quick messages urging Brenda on and driving her over the edge. Brenda had propped the phone up next to her so she could read it and used both hands. The fingers of one hand drove in and out of her, the other hand urgently rubbed her clit. Her body tensed and began to shake as a powerful orgasm washed over her. She let out a series of loud and passionate screams, trying to read the continuous stream of messages from Alex. 

When her orgasm subsided, she settled back and picked up her phone. Her fingers were dripping with her pussy juices and the screen quickly was smeared with them as well. "Oh fuck baby-girl, I came so hard," she typed, "You are so amazing."

Alex responded with a big smiley face emoji.

They continued chatting for the next hour and Alex revealed more about her life. With every new revelation Brenda realized that Alex was a broken woman. Her father had been somewhat abusive, mentally not physically, and her mother had left when she was seven. She lost her virginity at thirteen to her older brother's friend who was sixteen and had been sexually active ever since. Sex seemed to be her way to get the affection from men that she didn't get from her father.

Brenda told her a few things about her life, revealing a little more than she thought was smart, but for some reason this young woman made her feel it was alright to open up. Brenda told her about her marriage and how loveless it felt, how much she desired intimacy and passion that was gone, if it had ever been there.

The messages from Alex stopped for a moment, then when she continued she said, "Joan, I'm sorry but I have to go. John's step-mom wants to take me to dinner and shopping. I need a pair of shoes."

"OK sweetie, have fun," she replied.

"Hope we can talk more when I get home," Alex wrote.

"I'll be around, kiss," Brenda responded.

Alex sent big kissing emoji as she logged off and left for dinner with her boyfriend's step-mom.

Over the next week, the message light on Brenda's phone was the focus of her being. Every time it flashed her heart would jump. When it didn't flash, she would worry.

The more she chatted with Alex, the more she understood what a disaster the young woman's life was. Her boyfriend had two sons that lived with him from two different women. He was in his late thirties and made minimum wage as a laborer at a marina that was only open nine months of the year. He was a registered sex offender because the mother of his oldest son was fourteen when he got her pregnant, he was 20. The baby she had lost had nearly killed her and she was deeply in debt for the hospital bills and medicated for depression. They lived in a run-down trailer that they rented from his father and he spent nearly every dime he had on pot.

Despite all of that, Alex seemed like a bright and lovely young woman. She seemed to do well at work and was getting herself back together, at least to the extent she could given her living situation. About the only thing that could be said for the situation at home was that he didn't hit her, like her father, his abuse was mental, not physical.

As the week went on their chats became more intimate and personal. They had exchanged pictures, at first Brenda had wanted a picture mostly as proof that the young woman she was so excited by was in fact a woman. She had asked Alex to take a selfie with a very specific hand gesture and Alex had done so, laughing as she did and responding with "see, I am a real girl". After that Alex had sent more and more explicit pictures, including selfies she took while showering. In spite of her fears, Brenda had sent Alex pictures of herself as well, including some topless. At this point she had gone all in on this "relationship" and had pretty much thrown caution to the wind.

As the end of the week approached, Brenda knew things would get more difficult when her son and husband returned from their fishing trip and she wanted to take advantage of the time she had alone to be with Alex. She told Alex that she wanted to hear her voice and was hoping they could do a voice chat over skype. They arranged to chat Thursday morning after John left for work since Alex was working the night shift and didn't have to go to work in two in the afternoon.

Brenda took Thursday off from work and spent the early morning constantly checking the time in anticipation. She couldn't believe how excited she was. They had played together many times while chatting over the last week, but this was different and so much more exciting. When the message light on her phone flashed, Brenda nearly exploded with excitement and dropped the phone in her rush to respond. Alex told her that John and the boys were gone and sent her skype user name. Brenda opened her newly created skype account, Joanie47, found the ID Alex had sent her and pressed connect. Her heart pounded as she heard the singsong skype tone and her face lit up as Alex answered and said, "Hi Joan".

Alex's voice was sweet, innocent and playful. Brenda responded, "Good morning sweetie. Did you sleep well?" She tried desperately to keep her voice calm and in control but felt so self-conscious.
