 Kirsty sighed deeply as she glanced at her alarm clock, and realised there was no way she could hit the snooze button anymore.

It was Saturday, and that meant getting her two children, Darren and Jessica off to various clubs and activities. Darren was 10, and like every 10 year old boy he was obsessed with football, and since Gary, their Father had passed away 4 years earlier, it was Kirsty's responsibility to get him to practice twice a week, and sit through matches every Saturday.

Kirsty undressed and stared at herself in the full length mirror on the wall next to her bed. She was a very lucky woman, she was 33, and despite having had two children she had no stretch marks, and her baby weight had shifted with ease. Her breasts had remained full and pert, opting not to breast feed had helped, and her hips and thighs were slim. She grabbed her robe and walked to the bathroom, and got into the shower. She stood for a few minutes letting the warm water run over her hair and down over her body. She reached for the shower gel and began to gently rub the lather into her skin, she missed the touch of another person's hands on her body, and she longed to feel the touch of skin on skin. Kirsty suddenly realised she was caressing her breasts absent mindedly, and despite the sudden feeling of shock, she realised how nice it felt, and she began to feel aroused.

She was bought back to reality as she heard her 8 year old daughter crash into her bedroom. 

"Mummy, hurry up! We'll be late!" Jessica cried through the door.

Kirsty shook her head, angry with herself for letting herself get so caught up in the moment, when she had the children to look after. That was how it had been since Gary had died, she no longer had time for herself, and she definitely didn't have time for dating. She grabbed her robe from the back of the door where she'd hung it earlier, and swung the door open.

"Good morning princess!" She exclaimed, enveloping her daughter in a hug. 

"Morning Mummy!" She replied, giving Kirsty a big kiss on the cheek.

"All ready for dance class?" Kirsty enquired, picking up a comb and hairdryer.

"Yep, I've got everything ready, I just need you to do my hair."

"Ok, well go and make sure your brothers up, and I'll be down to make breakfast and do you hair soon." This was the way it had been the last four years, putting the children's needs first, and although she loved the children dearly, the strain of being on her own was starting to wear Kirsty down.

Jessica smiled and twirled out of the room, practicing her ballet moves ready for her class. She was the spitting image of Kirsty, with big brown eyes, and long chocolate brown hair, she reminded Kirsty of herself at that age.

Kirsty sighed once again as she began to dry her hair and caught a glimpse of her wedding photo sitting in a gold frame on her bedside table.

Later that morning, after dropping Jessica off at dance class she drove Darren to his football club, she wound the windows down and let the breeze blow in her hair, it was a sweltering hot day, and her choice of jeans this morning, seemed unwise as the sun beat down on the car. Unlike Jessica, Darren looked like his Dad, with full lips and striking blue eyes that Kirsty knew would break a lot of hearts, just as his Dad's had.

As Kirsty pulled into a parking space in the car park Darren jumped out and ran to join one of his friends who he'd noticed had just pulled up. Kirsty got out of the car and followed slowly behind. 

She noticed the boy was with his mother too, it was odd as it was usually the boys Fathers who came to the matches. She was younger than Kirsty, by about 5 years she thought, and had her bright blonde hair cut into a sharp bob, with a blunt fringe. Kirsty couldn't help thinking how attractive she was. Kirsty smiled as she approached them, and she smiled back. She held out her hand;

"Hey, I'm Rosie, Dean's Mother." Kirsty took her hand and shook it, she noticed how soft Rosie's skin was. Kirsty blushed, as she realised she'd let her hand linger in the hand shake, Rosie smiled.

"It's nice to see a female face! Usually it's just the old pervy Dad's I have for company." She chuckled. Kirsty smiled, she knew that feeling, having eyes burning into the back of her head, and being leered at as she walked along the stands to find a seat.

"I know what you mean, we'll have to stick together." Kirsty watched for a reaction in Rosie's face, and felt a little embarrassed at what she'd just said, after all they'd only just met, it was a little forward to presume Rosie would want to sit with her.

"Definitely." Rosie said as she began to walk towards the grounds, being pulled along by Dean.

"C'mon Mum! We need to get changed" Darren whined, and Kirsty followed behind Rosie and Dean. Kirsty couldn't help but admire Rosie's legs and bottom. Rosie was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a white linen smock. She looked effortlessly stylish and sexy. Kirsty felt embarrassed at the thoughts she was having, why was she checking out another woman's bottom? She guessed it was natural for women to do so, compare themselves to others, and she let herself go along with that.

The boys raced off into the changing rooms, leaving the two women standing in an awkward silence.

"I suppose we'd better find a seat," Kirsty looked toward the small tiered stand, where parents were already taking their places. 

"Yeah, as far away from any slimy looking Dad's as possible," Rosie winked. Kirsty giggled and followed Rosie's lead over to the seats. Kirsty felt all eyes on them as they squeezed past numerous men, to make their way to a few empty seats on the second row. 

"So," Rosie said, "how come you've been roped into watching the big match?" She was searching in her bag, and pulled out a pair of oversized sunglasses.

"Oh, well, I'm a single parent you know, so it's my duty, I come most Saturdays, I'm surprised I haven't seen you here before." Kirsty noted, she didn't like to tell people that Gary had died, she didn't like the look of pity on people's faces as she explained he'd developed a brain tumour. It was much easier for people to think that she was a divorcee.

"Snap!" Rosie was now smothering sun cream on her already bronzed skin. "Dean and I only moved here a couple of weeks ago, he's been going to the lessons during the week, and the coach reckoned he was ready to play in the match today. He's been banging on about getting Darren over for tea one evening soon, but I said I'd better meet you first."

Kirsty smiled, it was great that Darren was making friends, since his Dad had died he'd become a bit reserved, and she'd been worried that he'd never asked to have any friends over for tea. "Oh I'm sure Darren would love that, it'd be good for him to make a new friend."

Rosie looked sympathetic, obviously sharing the concerns of a single mother. It was hard bringing up kids without a Father's influence. 

"Did you want some sun cream?" Kirsty took the bottle from Rosie, and began rubbing the cream into her arms. They sat in silence for a few minutes.

"So Kirsty, what do you do for a living?" Rosie broke the silence unexpectedly. 

"I'm a primary school teacher." Kirsty said handing the bottle back to Rosie. "I know, mad!" She said, as she saw Rosie's frown.

Rosie laughed and touched Kirsty's knee, "I respect you completely. I just know I could never do it, ones enough for me!" Kirsty felt her tummy flip as Rosie moved her hand back up and it brushed her thigh. 

"What about you?" Kirsty quickly asked.

"I'm a writer," Rosie said, fiddling with a lose thread from her shorts. She moved her sunglasses onto her head, Kirsty noticed she had the brightest green eyes she'd ever seen, they were enchanting "I write children's books. Hey, who knows, maybe you'll read them in class one day!" She giggled.

They continued to chat throughout the game, ignoring disapproving looks from disgruntled Dad's, and Kirsty found she was laughing and smiling more than she had in years. So when it came to saying goodbye she did so with a heavy heart. She wanted to ask for her number, but felt silly, afterall they'd only been chatting for 45 minutes or so.

As she walked to the car with Darren, Rosie called her back. She felt her tummy flip again as she turned to see her jogging over, her ample bosom bouncing as she did so. 

"Dean's just asked if Darren would like to come for tea one evening this week," she smiled.

"Pleeeeease Mummy!" Darren tugged at her t-shirt. 

"Of course he can!" Kirsty looked straight into her emerald green eyes.

"I was wondering if you wanted to come for dinner too?" Rosie let the question hang in the air, and Kirsty was a bit taken aback. She had enjoyed Rosie's company immensely, but she hardly knew the woman. Kirsty silently cursed herself for being so sensible. Since Gary died she'd lost contact with a lot of old friends, and she realised she'd be silly to turn Rosie's offer down, she needed all the friends she could get.

"I'd love that." She grinned, pushing her hair back from her face. She could feel herself burning, despite the cream she'd put on earlier.

"Great, how's Wednesday at 5?" Rosie asked.

"Wednesday's perfect".

Wednesday was a long time away, and the four days seemed to drag. Kirsty had arranged for Jessica to stay with a friend for the night, and so there wouldn't be any problem about leaving the house. It was the summer holidays, so the kids were off doing various clubs and things most days, and Kirsty tried to busy herself with housework, and gardening, but Wednesday was always at the back of her mind.She'd never been attracted to a woman before, but she found herself fantasising about kissing Rosie, and every morning in the shower, she felt herself throbbing at the thought of Rosie being in there with her. She knew it was only a play date, but it could mean the beginning of so much more, a friend, a companion, someone to talk to, confide in.

On Wednesday afternoon, after dropping Jessica off at her friends house, Kirsty stood infront of her open wardrobe in her white bra and French knickers. She pulled out outfit after outfit, but everything seemed too casual, or too dressy for a play date. She settled on a white skirt which came a few inches above her knees, and a coral coloured vest. The hot weather had stayed since Saturday, and Kirsty didn't want to be sat in Rosie's house sweating buckets, not an attractive look, she thought to herself. "DARREN!" She bellowed down the stairs, "Get your shoes on please!"

Kirsty sauntered down the stairs. She felt sexy, for the first time in months she'd made an effort with her hair and make up. She wanted to look nice, she didn't want Rosie to think she was sloppy.

As Kirsty drove to the address Rosie had scribbled in the back pages of her diary, she felt butterflies in her tummy. Why am I feeling so nervous?" she thought to herself, "I guess I just want to make a good impression."

"Here it is Mummy!" Darren yelled, as he saw Perrymoore Grove on a streetsign to his left. Kirsty swung into the road and gawped as the houses were all huge. She let out a low whistle, "they must be converted into apartments." She thought outloud.

"No Mummy, Dean's Daddy is super rich, he has a posh sports car and everything, he picked him up from practice last week. His Daddy doesn't live here though, Dean told me." Darren said matter-of-factly.

"Oh..." Kirsty's eyes widened as they pulled into the drive way of number 16. The house was set back from the road, at the end of a long gravel drive way. Kirsty parked her car at the end of the drive way, inbetween a very smart looking red two seater sports car, and the 4x4 Rosie had been driving at the weekend.

As Kirsty got out of the car, the large double front doors, which were painted white, swung open, and Dean came running out, closely followed by Rosie.

"Hey!" She cooed, "glad you found the place ok."

"It's hard to miss," Kirsty joked, staring up at the three storey brick work house that stood infront of her. The boys ran inside, shouting about football.

Rosie smiled and mock punched her on the shoulder. "Benefits of marrying a shrewd business man." She rolled her eyes. "Dean's Dad insisted we keep the house, he didn't want to confuse Dean too much when we split"

Rosie wandered back into the house, and Kirsty couldn't help but notice her butt in the tight white shorts she was wearing.

Rosie turned round, and Kirsty was sure she caught her, but Rosie was smiling, so Kirsty was sure she got away with it.

"Fancy the grand tour?" she smirked.

Rosie led Kirsty round 8 the large open plan house, and then upstairs, showing her the 8 bedrooms. Each one more lavish than the next. When they got to Rosie's bedroom she stopped, and shut the door behind her. They could hear the laughter of the boys playing football in the garden floating up through the open window. 

Kirsty gulped, and suddenly felt very vunerable, in a bedroom with the woman she'd been fantasising about all week. Rosie sat on the edge of the bed, and motioned for Kirsty to do the same.

Kirsty obediently followed and perched on the edge of the bed, her skirt hitched up as she sat down, revealing her creamy white thighs.

"I probably should of told you this, before I invited you over Kirsty, but, the reason Dean's Father and I split up is because I realised I am a lesbian."

Kirsty sat in stunned silence, when she fantasised about Rosie, she hadn't realised she was gay, how her fantasy seemed so much more real, Kirsty couldn't help but get aroused.

"and, I know you've been checking me out" she ran her hand up Kirsty's thigh, and Kirsty gasped, looking into her emerald green eyes, she noticed a mischievous glint.

Although Kirsty was in shock, she did nothing to stop Rosie caressing her thigh, and as her hand got closer to her already throbbing pussy, she felt her breathing getting heavier with every breath.

Rosie smiled and moved her hand onto the crotch of Kirsty's panties, and feeling the wet patch that was growing by the second, she smiled.

Kirsty let out a groan and lay back onto the bed. It had been so long since anyone had touched her so intimately, and it didn't feel strange that it was a woman, it felt so right that it was Rosie.

Rosie was spurred on by Kirsty's pleasure, and kneeled on the floor infront of Kirsty. She pulled Kirsty's panties down, and gently pushed her knees apart to reveal her pink, dripping wet pussy. She ran a finger along the delicate skin, causing Kirsty to push her hips up and let out a low moan. Rosie slowly slid two fingers into Kirty's dripping wet pussy, finding her g-spot with ease and massaging deep inside Kirsty. She let her thumb rub her clit up and down, Kirsty couldn't bear it any longer and felt herself climaxing, she gripped the bed sheets with both hands, preparing herself for orgasm, when Rosie slowed down the pace.

"ooooh you tease." Kirsty said, outloud.

Rosie chuckled and Kirsty gasped as she felt Rosie's tongue lick slowly up and down her thighs, moving onto her pussy. Rosie greedily sucked up Kirsty's sweet juices, nibbling her clit and then sticking her tongue deep inside Kirsty, causing her to feel her orgasm build up again. This time Rosie wasn't stopping, her tongue continued to lick inside Kirsty, until she felt the throbbing getting more and more frequent and Kirsty grabbed her head, she pushed her head further into her pussy and came.

Kirsty lay on the bed, not sure if what had happened really happened. She opened her eyes, to see Rosie smiling up at her.

Kirsty suddenly felt very exposed. She looked at Rosie, she really was beautiful.

"My turn now?" Rosie asked, cocking her head to one side. Kirsty smiled coyly, "I don't really know what I'm doing," she admitted, "but I'll try."

End of Chapter One.