 (For those who appreciate erotica and those who enjoy a nice story...even if there's a little mistake hidden somewhere I forgot to look...)

Two Wrongs DO make a right

Kelly Richmond was having a very bad day.

It had been about 20 minutes since she had hung up the phone and she was still in shock. Jennifer, her girlfriend for the last 9 months, had ended their relationship with a phone call! Not only that, but Jennifer had admitted that she had been having an affair with a man! And, to rub a little more salt into the open wound, the man she had been seeing behind Kelly's back was there with her while she was on the phone, laughing quietly in the background! Finally, the last part of bad news was that Kelly actually knew who the man was, in fact, she knew him very well.

It was Josh, her brother!

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Kelly had first met Jennifer a little under a year ago when, at 20 years old, Kelly was still struggling with her sexuality. She had 'come out' when she was 18 and immediately wished she hadn't, her parents weren't supportive of her and fully expected her to grow out of this phase. However, to their disappointment, it wasn't simply a phase she was going through.

Kelly had become shy and withdrawn after that, her parents never treated her the same way and her younger brother tormented her about it. She hadn't wanted Josh to know about it but her parents kindly filled him in, much to his amusement. He's only a year younger than Kelly but sometimes he acted like a child. Two years after telling her parents about it she decided to move in with her long time friend Ariel. Kelly was as excited to be moving in with her best friend as she was to be getting away from her family!

Because of her family's reaction to her sexuality Kelly hadn't been able to meet anyone, her only friend in the world was Ariel and, unfortunately, she was straight. Ariel had been the very first person Kelly had told when she realized than she was 'different' and, in stark contrast to her family, she had simply accepted her friend's preference. In fact they became even closer to each other, Ariel had told her, jokingly, that she felt closer to Kelly because she wouldn't have to 'compete' with her to get the attention of guys and, of course, no man would ever be able to come between them.

Ariel had been very frustrated with Kelly's family when she learned about their reaction and as time went on, Kelly became more and more of a recluse; she wore drab outfits and never accompanied her best friend to clubs or even just to go around the shops. The reason, Kelly admitted to her after a while, was that she felt ashamed. Ashamed of herself and embarrassed by the way her body reacted around women, as well as the way it didn't react around men. Of course, Ariel had known the moment Kelly mentioned it that it was because of her parents, they had made her feel like something was wrong with her and convinced her that she shouldn't even think about being intimate with another woman.

Kelly's whole attitude towards herself had slowly begun to improve after she got away from the family house and moved in with Ariel. She rarely spoke to her mother at all and her brother totally ignored her anyway. No great loss, that's what Ariel had said. That was the start of a new life for Kelly; she could be the person she wanted to be and didn't have to hide anything anymore. When it was just her and Ariel in the house she felt great, but when people came to the house she still got pretty shy and despite her new freedom she still couldn't find it in herself to get out be around people. That changed the day Jennifer came into her life.

That morning Ariel had gone out with her boyfriend leaving Kelly on her own, it took all her willpower to stop herself going back to bed. Instead she went to the bathroom and cleaned her teeth, still half asleep she decided to have a cool shower. It was a hot day, the kind of day that made you uncomfortable all the time and Kelly thought a nice shower would make her feel much better, first she opened all the windows hoping the house would be cooler by the time she finished her shower. In the bathroom she stripped out of her clothes but before getting into the shower she caught sight of herself in the full length mirror. 

Kelly's confidence had slowly come back to her since moving in with Ariel who told her, many times, that she was a beautiful woman and she should start believing in herself. For a long time Kelly refused to believe her friend, convincing herself that Ariel was just being friendly but, over time, she gradually starting thinking that maybe she was good looking. What had also helped was that, at Ariel's insistence, Kelly had uploaded a picture of herself to a dating website and the response she got was very encouraging! Unfortunately all the responses were from men and, of course, there wasn't much point answering them, she had decided it wasn't fair to keep her picture on there because it was for straight people. 

So today, while looking at her naked image in the mirror, Kelly smiled and looked at herself a little more favourably than usual. At 5 feet 6 inches tall she didn't think of herself as petite, her blonde hair came down to her small breasts. While gently caressing them in her hands she decided they were about the right size for her frame, a good handful anyway. In the right kind of bra or top she could still get a satisfying amount of cleavage. She had a flat stomach which was a result of her involvement in the school's running team; she had ran in the 800 and 1200 metre teams for 2 years and at the time her stomach and legs got quite muscular. That was a few years ago now and she had lost the muscle definition she used to have, in a way she was pleased because her 'abs' had been a little too prominent but now it looked much more natural. 

Kelly turned to the side so she could see her naked rear, thanks again to the exercise she'd got from running so much her buttocks were nicely rounded but not too 'cuddly.' Next she examined her legs which, in Ariel's opinion, were her best feature. They were proportionately long compared to her small frame and gentle curves had replaced the hard muscle, they were very shapely from her thighs right down to her calves and ankles. It was plainly obvious that she had taken good care of herself and she didn't look a day older than her 20 years.

After her brief naked modelling show Kelly turned her back on the mirror and entered the shower leaving the door open so she'd be able to hear the phone if someone called. After being hot and muggy all day the cool shower felt great, the powerful jets of water massaged her neck and back instantly relaxing the young woman. She put on a pair of exfoliating gloves and began rubbing all over her body, Kelly loved how soft her skin felt after using the gloves. After doing the top half of her body she lifted her right leg so she could rub her thigh and shins then did the same with her left leg, as she brought her hands up to her face she accidentally caught her right nipple with the rough glove which caused her to gasp out loud, both nipples were erect due to the coolness of the water which made them quite sensitive and, despite the roughness of the contact, she enjoyed the brief sensation. Kelly had used the gloves on her pussy before, dragging the rough material gently over her virgin lips had felt pretty amazing and had inspired her to take her gloves off and finger herself to orgasm; she never penetrated herself while wearing the gloves because of the sensitivity down there. The memory of that day in the shower made her feel hot and before she realized it one hand had found its way to her shaven groin. She allowed herself a few strokes but stopped before going too far, even though she was horny she just didn't have the energy.

Kelly got out of the shower a few minutes later and dried herself on a soft towel and got dressed, it was still hot so she selected her outfit based on the weather. Most of her clothes were baggy trousers and jeans so she borrowed some of Ariel's instead; she picked out a short denim skirt and a thin white top and pulled them on. Because she was alone, and because of the weather, she didn't bother with underwear. Before going back downstairs she once again caught sight of herself in the mirror. At that moment, with her long damp hair, thin top and mini skirt, she looked like an advertisement for sex! Kelly realized that she had never dressed this way before; the little skirt showed off her legs right up to her upper thigh and the top clung to her breasts with her nipples poking through the thin fabric. 

Kelly smiled at her reflection and ran her hands over her breasts and down to the hemline of the top and slipped her hands beneath it and felt the soft skin on her stomach. She took hold of the skirt's waistband and slowly eased it up, raising the hemline higher and revealing more and more of her sexy soft legs. She kept pulling until the hemline was only a few centimetres below her bare rear; the waistband had gone over her navel so she rolled it down until it sat against her lower stomach. While she had been playing with her clothing she noticed her nipples were sticking out even more! Kelly had surprised herself; she never realized wearing clothes like this could make her feel so sexual. She decided to leave her clothes the way they were as no one could see her and walked downstairs, swaying her hips to and fro playfully.

When she got downstairs Kelly sat on the sofa, when she did her skirt raised itself up even further but she resisted the urge to cover herself up again, instead she sat back and lifted her feet onto the sofa. With her knees apart her pubic area was fully exposed, she lowered her eyes and looked at herself. The short skirt that had been made even shorter looked more like a thick belt and only covered a thin section of her lower stomach, the sight of herself like this again made her feel excited. She put her hands on her knees and slowly stroked her legs from there to her beautifully exposed thighs, the soft touch of her hands ran over the soft skin of her inner thighs. Not since the few first times she'd touched herself intimately in her bedroom, when she had sat on her bed as a teenager, had she caressed her skin in such a slow and deliberate way. Feeling out every curve of her soft skin she seductively ran her hands over every inch of her inner thighs, exploring herself.

She took one hand away from her thigh and ran it up underneath the delicate material of her thin top, doing so caused the fabric to move across her fully erect and sensitive nipples making her gasp. She gently caressed her left breast under the top and, unable to wait any longer, dragged her other hand between her legs. Kelly, using the pads of her forefinger and middle finger, stroked the sweet and silky lips of her damp pussy. Swapping from one to the other, she gently kneaded the flesh of her breasts, her breathing got shallower as her arousal grew and soon she started feeling the urge to penetrate herself. Her juices continued to flow, lubricating the entrance to her young body. Then, just as her fingers began to sink into herself, she was suddenly brought back down to earth when the sound of four or five bangs filled the room. It took a moment for her to realize that someone was knocking on the door, she desperately wanted to ignore the noise and continue pleasuring herself but she knew it might be something important so reluctantly she stood up, vowing to finish what she had started later.

Now Kelly had some problems; her nipples stood erect and proud and were pushing against the thin top she wore and her skirt was around her waist. She quickly tried to arrange herself to look slightly less slutty. There was no time to get changed or to even find some underwear! She would have to just poke her head around the door and try not to show the visitor anything. She arranged her skirt to cover herself and tried to stop panicking (she was in such a rush that she totally forgot the reason why her skirt seemed so small was due to her own modification.) Kelly straightened her hair and hurried towards the front door, her breasts moved inside her top as she walked causing her nipples to rub against the fabric which kept them erect. Despite the rush and panic she still felt turned on and, when she opened the door and poked her head outside, her arousal didn't subside, in fact, it just got worse.

"Hi, I'm Jennifer," said one of the most beautiful women that Kelly had ever seen.

It was obvious that, like her, Jennifer had dressed for the hot weather. She was a little taller than Kelly and a few years older, her long wavy blonde hair almost came to her backside. She was wearing a pair of denim shorts that were more like hot pants, the curve of her buttocks were clearly visible and she had a small black top that just barely covered her breasts. It was her breasts that most caught Kelly's attention, they were huge! At least, in comparison to Kelly's small B cup breasts they were. And aside from a pair of sandals that's all this gorgeous woman had covering her body, compared to her, Kelly felt like a prude, she still only poked her head around the door because, despite Jennifer's state of dress, Kelly still only wore a tiny skirt, thin top and no underwear and, to top it off, her pussy still felt damp and her nipples poked through the thin top.

"Are you ok?" Jennifer asked.

"Yeah, sorry," Kelly responded, embarrassed she had been caught staring. "What can I do for you?"

"I'm here to see Ariel Calver, is she here?" she asked.

"No, sorry, she's gone out with her boyfriend somewhere." Kelly answered

"Oh right, do you know when she'll be back?"

"I don't know, it could be anytime, I could give her a call and see if she knows how long she'll be," Kelly offered, secretly hoping the blonde bombshell would stay a while longer.

"Yeah that would be great," Jennifer smiled.

"Ok, you can come in if you like and I'll try her phone." Kelly was quick to present the solution but suddenly her shyness reasserted itself and she was more aware of her appearance than before.

"Sounds good," Jennifer replied and walked into the house and her eyes lit up when she saw Kelly's young body. 

"I'll just be a moment," Kelly said as she closed the door and quickly hurried through to the living room where the house phone was.

Jennifer nodded and smiled as she watched the seductive young woman almost run away from her. The second she had stepped through the door she knew that she had to have her! Jennifer was pretty sure; from the way she had been ogled by her on the doorstep, that Kelly would like a taste of her pussy. Jennifer wasn't a shy person and never had been, she was beautiful and she knew it. She was also supremely confident in herself and her body, she knew that when she 'dressed to impress' she was almost impossible to resist. Still smiling she slipped a hand into her shorts and felt the warm moisture seeping from her lips, Jennifer had already decided what would happen this afternoon and, with no feeling of shame at all, she unbuttoned her shorts and let them slide down her smooth legs onto the floor. Then she lifted her shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor on top of her discarded shorts and, totally naked except for her sandals, she followed the young woman into the living room.

Kelly had her back to the living room entrance and never saw the naked woman approaching her; she was still dialling the long mobile phone number when, suddenly she felt hands on her hips followed by cool air on her rear. Kelly's skirt was on the floor before she even knew what was happening, she started to turn around, dropping the phone onto its hook as she did, but then there were fingers inside her thin shirt tugging it to try and force it off. Instinctively she crossed her arms over her breasts to try and keep her clothing on but there was no denying the invasive hands, the shirt ripped and was torn away from her body, leaving shy Kelly Richmond completely bare and at the mercy of the stranger behind her.

"Don't struggle baby, I saw it in your eyes, I know this is what you want." 

Logic should have told Kelly that her 'attacker' could only be the person she'd let into the house moments ago, but she was still moderately surprised to hear a female voice behind her. She felt bare breasts being pushed into her back as the woman's arms wrapped around her body and her hands each found a breast to hold. Kelly cried out as Jennifer squeezed her small breasts in her hands, she wasn't sure if it was pain or pleasure. Then, as a counter to the rough treatment she had received so far, the next thing Kelly felt were soft kisses on her shoulder, the lips travelled up her neck then she felt teeth gently pulling the lobe of her ear.

"Do you want me to stop? Tell me to stop if you really want," Jennifer's lips were right next to Kelly's ear and after she whispered the offer to stop she resumed her soft kisses around the girl's neck.

"Well?"

"Don't stop," Kelly forced the words out. Jennifer, now she knew she could have her way with the young woman, released the small breasts from her firm grip and spun her around so they were face to face and planted her lips firmly on Kelly's mouth, her tongue separated the girl's lips and, for the first time in her life, Kelly tasted the soft kiss of a woman. 

Kelly had fantasized about her first time, had thought about it a lot. Her fantasies would always include a slow seduction followed by gentle love making, after all, she thought, women don't fuck. However this wasn't gentle or seductive, it was raw passion and raging sexuality, two women exploring and, in Jennifer's case, conquering.

Jennifer was asserting her dominance over the younger woman, her large breasts pushed into Kelly's small bust as she forced herself onto her. She'd been given the all clear and now she greedily enveloped the smaller woman, her tongue thrashed around inside Kelly's warm mouth and her hands ran up and down her back before reaching down to grope her succulent rear. 

Kelly felt her young body being grabbed and squeezed making the experience less like making love and more like raw fucking! Jennifer's hands were all over her, first they'd be stroking her back, then they were in her hair raking, stroking and even pulling her blonde hair snapping her head back and then they were on her buttocks, squeezing and even lifting her off the floor for a few seconds, she was being dominated by the older, taller and much more confident woman.

At last Jennifer took her tongue out of Kelly's mouth allowing her to catch her breath. However the separation didn't last long and in a few seconds Jennifer resumed her conquest, she moved her hands back up to Kelly's blonde hair and tugged it back causing Kelly to cry out as her head snapped back again, then Jennifer's lips were back in the action. She kissed and licked the girl's neck and throat leaving a wet trail along her soft skin; she released Kelly's hair but continued to taste her sweet body.

Kelly's heart raced and her scalp hurt from Jennifer's rough treatment but she was turned on, she was certain she could feel her pussy juice leaking out from between her legs and running down her thighs. Despite the brief pain she was enjoying being kissed, licked and explored, she felt desired which was something she'd never felt before, and it felt good. Really good! Jennifer's tongue was moving again, she felt hot wetness moving along her jaw line and up over her chin, then it was back on her lips, the woman eagerly licked around her lips before forcing her tongue back in to Kelly's accepting mouth.
