 I squirmed playfully as the silk scarves are wrapped tightly around each of my ankles in turn. Looking down my body at James I can feel myself getting wetter, I am completely naked, and am watching him secure the scarves to the bed posts from between my breasts. My nipples already semi erect and I can see he is as turned on as I am by our little game, his cock bobbing, erect between his thighs as he moves around at the end of the bed. 

I reach my hand up and gentle caress the nipple of my left breast as he climes up the bed towards me, gently kissing up the inside of one leg, across my belly and up to the mounds of my ample breasts. "Stop touching yourself or I will tie your hands as well!" He says playfully. I just smile back and continue tweaking at the sensitive skin. He jumps off the bed and reaches into one of the draws in the dresser pulling out another scarf, this one black and thicker than the others he advances towards me again, "Going to change the rules a little tonight, I don't want to you to see your surprise before it happens!" Before I have a chance to realise what is going on the blindfold is around my head and tide tightly, blocking out all sight from the room, I feel him getting off the bed again.

With my arms still free I push myself up on my elbows and attempt to hear for him in the room, the fabric of the blindfold covers my ears too, muffling the sounds I can hear, and then music starts, something I don't recognise but it has a soulful regular rhythm and the tune fills my head, soon I am lost to the sound of the jazz saxophone and am unable to hear anything else. Sitting still I wait, soaking up the delicious feeling of being tethered and yet free to move my upper body, blinded by the scarf and deafened by the music, my body aching for some kind of stimulation.

I felt the bed move under his weight as he moved up between my outstretched legs, but still he did not touch me, then he was still again, my pussy ached to be touched and I could feel his breath gently lingering on my wet outer lips, "Come on James stop torturing me like this, and touch me!" I said, a little more needily than I wanted to sound, but I was so wet and so ready for him. James said nothing and left me a moment longer before I finally felt that first contact.

It was so light at first, a gentle brush of his tongue against my shaven outer lips, so gentle I almost thought I was dreaming it, but with each lick the pressure became greater and faster and I lay back against the pillows in readiness for what was going to happen next. He was an expert, his tongue knowing just where to press and slide, while still avoiding the most sensitive parts, bringing me closer and closer to the edge, making me wetter and wetter. I writhed against his face trying to force him to touch me where it ached the most, knowing one touch would send me over the edge. But he wouldn't give in. My fingers tangled in his short blond hair trying to force his head down, to drive his tongue deeper, I was so close to coming but with my legs tethered as they were I was not able to lift my pelvis enough to cause the friction I needed and I began to get frustrated, moving as much as I could pushing with my hands and groaning out of desperation as well as pleasure. He liked to keep me on the edge as long as possible and he had said that I would get an extra surprise tonight!

Just as I thought I couldn't take any more torment I felt him push a finger inside me giving me a new sensation, then another and a third slid into my hot, wet hole, he slowed his tongue as he began rhythmically massaging my inner walls in time with the music that was filling my head, I was so close I thought I would cry out in desperation of the orgasm that was waiting around the corner for me. Just as I thought I couldn't take anymore the rhythm of the music changed and speeded up, as it did, so did James's tongue, suddenly he was licking and nibbling at my clit as his fingers moved in and out of my hole, I squeezed both nipples between fingers and thumbs as my back arched and my cum spurted in his face, I could feel his rhythm slow as my orgasm subsided and he withdrew his fingers leaving me open and exposed, my juices flowing down the crevice between my buttocks and pooling on the bed clothes.

As he crawled up my body I felt the tip of his hard on stroke my now super sensitive flesh, it paused momentarily and then he continued his journey up, he took hold of my hands and moved them above my head, out of the way so he could sit astride my chest. Even though I could not see it I knew from past experience that his cock was now only inches from my face, I could smell the musky smell of his scent mixed with mine. He let go of my hands but my arms were still held above my head by his legs, I craned my neck forward to try and lick the tip of his penis but couldn't reach it. His hand pressed my forehead gently back into the pillows, I felt completely powerless and very turned on.

His fingers moved down my face, gently reaching my lips and parting them slightly, he inserted a finger and I sucked at it, tasting myself I groaned slightly the lack of other senses making the taste and feeling senses heightened, I sucked harder knowing by now his cock would be raring to go. On queue I felt its soft head nudging at my bottom lip as he withdrew his finger. I opened my mouth gladly and allowed him to slide gently onto my tongue. I was hungry for his cock and began sucking on it, gobbling in as much of it as I could. He placed his hand gently on my forehead again, holding my head perfectly still, now all I could do was let him pump into me as he wanted, at the pace he wanted. Submissively I lay, bound and blindfolded, unable to see or hear what else was going on, only able to feel the weight of my lover across my chest as he pounded his cock into my mouth.

His rocking slowed slightly and I felt him shifting his position on my chest, the bed moved slightly under his weight as he got more comfortable, then he spoke for the first time since blindfolding me. "And now for your surprise."

Without being able to move I felt something between my legs, it pushed and slid between my lips, I gasped but couldn't say anything as my mouth was still full of cock, it felt as though he was pushing one of my many dildos up inside me, the thought was really turning me on and I began to move my now free head up and down rhythmically against his shaft as he pushed the fake cock deeper into me with each thrust. I felt his hand on my forehead again, and then his other hand interlocked with one of my outstretched arms and I realised that it was not him pushing the fake cock inside me, that there had to be another person on the bed. And that must be a real cock ramming its way into my pussy, a little more each time.

I tried to close my legs but the scarves stopped me, I tried to shout out but his cock stopped me, I was unable to move as these two men filled me with their cocks. I felt James's hands tighten their grip on my upper body as he readied himself for his climax and began pumping at my mouth harder and faster, his cock reaching the back of my throat making me want to gag each time. Then two hands gripped my hips as the second man pushed his full length inside me. I groaned again, this time with pleasure, this was a fantasy I had wanted to act out for so long, but James had never been keen, now I was being fucked my two men at the same time and felt a second orgasm building, the second man speeded up his pace as James came across my face allowing my to scream out as I came violently, unable to move against the force of the two men and the scarves tying me down I felt the orgasm bursting through my body and seemingly lingering in every single nerve ending.

Gasping for air I felt James's hot cum dripping down my face as the two men moved themselves around on the bed. James got off my chest and let my arms relax for a moment before my hands were once again held above my head by someone. I realised at this point I didn't know which of the two of them it was and this added to the excitement.

"Did you enjoy that?" James's voice oozed over the music and let me know it was him holding my arms. I nodded, still breathless form the orgasm that had ripped through my body moments earlier. "Your face is such a mess," he tutted disapprovingly at me, "Robin can you come and clean up Rachel's face please?" I wondered who Robin was, where James had met him, I had not heard him mention a Robin before, but soon my thoughts were on the feeling again, as Robins tongue, thinner and longer than James's licked and lapped at my face, removing all of James cum from my face, before kissing me long and hard on the mouth, the taste of James still on his tongue. The experience was incredible having James sitting inches from me holding my arms out of the way while another man licks my face and kisses me having just fucked me to orgasm. "Now you two are more acquainted, would you like to be introduced properly?" I nodded again, desperate to meet this man that had entered our lives in such a fabulous explosion of lustfulness. Robin got off the bed and James let my arms go and helped me to sit up before slowly removing my blindfold.

It took a while for my eyes to readjust to the soft candle light of the room, but nothing had prepared me for what I would see. Robin stood in full glory before me. A tall, stunning, blond woman, in a strap on! I could see she was looking directly at me a small smile playing on her lips as she removed the harness and dildo exposing a perfectly trimmed blond bush at the top of her thighs before coming over and sitting next to me again. "Rachel meet Robin." James said lustily as he un tied my ankles allowing me to sit more comfortably, "Now I think after that little demonstration I think its about time you gave a little of that loving back to her, don't you?" 

I didn't need telling twice and I leant forward to kiss her, I heard James behind me making himself comfortable as he settled in for a night of watching the two of us.