 No cell phone? Check. No laptop? Check. No Crackberry? Check!" Carolina Guerra once again perused the "to-do" list her friends had given her. The prospect of actually taking two weeks off from work was daunting enough, but to do so without the three devices her world revolved around was already eliciting mini panic attacks. She hovered over her sturdy new Samsonite and lovingly fingered her Blackberry, turning over and over in her head the ways she could hide it's presence from the girls for fourteen long days. "God I'm pathetic," she sighed, zipping up her luggage, regretfully device-free. By the time the flight to Montego Bay actually took off, she'd no doubt be a mess. 

Six months ago her friends Nevaeh Robinson, Aldabella Ricci, and Bianca Henry had first proposed the trip to her, and from the start it was obvious to Carolina that they were simply not going to take no for an answer this time. In the past five years, she'd been invited on excursions to Hawaii, Cuba, Europe, Australia and Brazil and used her hectic work schedule and/or familial or relationship issues as excuses to stay close to home. There were several reasons she had allowed her girls to at last break her down. For one, she feared they'd stop asking her, or worse, stop calling her altogether, and she couldn't have that. "Rarely do you find friends that will love you as unconditionally as my buddies," she thought. 

Carolina had always been the most ambitious of the quartet, and that ambition had earned her a myriad of career and financial successes, but had also hindered her romantic relationships and periodically alienated those close to her, friends included. Yeah, yeah, a familiar refrain to most of us I'm sure, and Carolina and her friends were determined to prevent her from spiraling even further into that cliché. At the age of 29 and without a boyfriend or a real day off for going on two years now, she was worried when people would begin to use her name and the word "spinster" in the same sentence. 

She certainly didn't fit the mold physically, what with her long legs, perfect round butt, perky boobs and pretty face. All the reasons that guys love Latinas, she was it and then some. She hated the size of her nose, but even she knew that was being picky, and her face was the last thing guys noticed, despite a dazzling smile. She had played volleyball in university and the only thing she worked as hard at as her job was maintaining the body she showed up at the University of Toronto with. Which brings us to reason number two she'd agreed to the vacation. To be blunt, she was incredibly, mind-alteringly, jaw-droppingly horny. And the more she thought about it, the more ridiculous her condition seemed. She was a hot, successful, rich, smart, funny woman who was able to measure her sex life with a calendar and sundial she got laid so infrequently. When a couple of her recent masturbation sessions climaxed with her crying into her pillow instead of biting it while she orgasmed, she knew enough was enough. 

The "exclusive" new resort the girls had arranged for everyone to visit was just what she needed on the surface. All-inclusive, 21 year age limit, accommodations for 1000, great restaurants, beaches, events...and it was singles only and clothing optional on the beaches and around the pools. She needed to let loose, and Carolina couldn't imagine any better setting for that. Also, she had the three PERFECT amigos to help her attract some great men. Nevaeh had been her volleyball teammate at the U of T and had done an equally good job of maintaining her appearance. She was tiny and compact, drawing even more attention to that stereotypically amazing big black girl booty. She had smaller breasts than Carolina did, but more than made up with that with flawlessly gorgeous mocha skin, perfect white smile and striking and exotic features no doubt owed to her beautiful Kenyan mother. "Nev" had gotten divorced about 3 years ago and it had been her idea originally to head to Jamaica during her Christmas break from Ryerson University, where she taught Women's Studies, Philosophy and History.

Carolina had known Aldabella since grade school and been best friends with her since playing soccer together in high school. "Belle", as she called her, still had that perfect compact soccer player frame and put it to good use as a successful personal trainer in the city. From the top of her head, where her dark black curls cascaded down elegantly, perfectly framing her olive-skinned face with it's brilliant smile and dark blue eyes, to her toned muscular legs, she was built to break men's hearts. And that she did in earnest, sometimes shattering the same guys dream over and over again. But it surely was nice while it lasted, and one more look at her washboard abs and huge, firm tits was all they needed to get right back in line again.

Bianca Henry's long blonde hair, huge breasts, tiny waist, fashionable appearance, and high-pitched, lilting voice belied the fact that she was one of the most intelligent, compassionate, but fierce women Carolina had ever come across. She was a Toronto real estate mogul, and didn't allow those that perceived her as "Bambi-esque" to stick around her office very long, no matter how much money she thought they may be able to throw at her. Carolina often marveled at her perfectly assembled facial features and was hoping that the busy, but laid back, fun atmosphere of the trip would mean that, even for a couple of weeks, she'd stop hiding it behind so much makeup. "Bee" and Carolina had become quick buddies about 7 years ago when she'd brokered the deal on her house. She'd invited her to her housewarming and her friends became Bee's instantly. Despite having just turned 40, her youthful appearance and easy-going nature fit her 30-ish girlfriends like a glove. 

So, as was mentioned earlier, all seemed in place for an amazing two weeks, and Carolina had no doubt she'd have a blast. The worry wasn't the girls, it was the boys. She had no qualms about finding a fuck friend or two for her time away from home. After all, she wasn't saving herself for marriage. Nonetheless, she was certainly picky about who she'd allow into her pants. She imagined that, by-and-large, the resort would be a glorified dance bar with basically a load of frat-boys down there to stare at tits, get drunk and then get laid ASAP. And after Bianca's car service stopped by to take her to the airport, she'd repeated her fears to her blonde friend.

"Listen, you're not going to believe me until you get down there and actually experience it for yourself, but I'm telling you you're wrong." Bee knew that Carolina's concerns were not to be taken lightly, as she had a lot invested emotionally in this trip and if it didn't go well, she'd be extremely upset. Taking her friend's hand, she attempted yet again to quell her fears. "I've been to places like this many times, and yes, there are certainly guys like the ones you just described, but there are also plenty of respectful, mature, intelligent, funny, and MOST importantly, gorgeous men at these places. And we are paying a pretty penny to be among the first of those to get to experience it. Average frat-boys can't afford it sweetie!" Carolina did feel better, but Bee was right, she wasn't going to relax until she actually saw it for herself.

Belle and Nev also attempted to calm her fears while they awaited the boarding call at gate 176, but Carolina insisted that they leave her alone about it until they arrived. "You're building it up too much and trying too hard," she exclaimed. Nevertheless, she couldn't help but smile. 

"This is the role I fill in this group," she thought to herself. "I'm the emotional cripple that the rest have to rally around." But she kept smiling, knowing they'd never steer her wrong. Take the "list" her friends had made for her in advance of the trip. If left to her own devices, she'd have packed everything in her closet into two suitcases and her carry on, arrived at the airport in a parka protecting her from the Ontario weather and forgotten things like condoms, hitting the tanning booth a couple of times before the trip, and Jamaican money. As it was, she emerged from the car service decked out in warm weather clothes, carrying one bag that she could carry on, and already sporting a healthy tan. Her friends knew from experience that afew tank tops and belly shirts, a few pairs of underwear and shorts, her bikinis, sandals, flip flops, 3 or 4 formal outfits and ONE pair of shoes along with suntan lotion and a little makeup were all she would need. Anything else would be ready and waiting in the room or could be purchased at the resort.

Carolina was gazing at the other passengers as boarding was called and was thrilled to have received the girls advice. The poor saps with their jeans and jackets and too many bags could have been her, and she turned to thank her girls for watching out for her. An "excuse me" from her left stopped her short and as she pulled her bag aside to allow the woman to pass, she glanced up. "Thanks," the girl said, as their eyes met briefly, and for a second, Carolina thought she noticed a flash of recognition. She imagined that the stranger was thinking the same thing since she was sure she'd seen her before, but she sure couldn't place where. Carolina took a place in line directed behind her as they both waited to assume their spot in first class. It seems the stranger had followed the same packing instructions that she had as she was clad in a pair of white shorts with "Spartans" blazed across her tush and a white tank top, an outfit that did little to hide the fact she was already sporting a bikini underneath. 

"Wow, you don't plan on wasting any time hitting the beach, huh?", Carolina offered, eager to ascertain where she had seen this girl before. 

"You know it," her mystery friend replied, shooting Carolina a brilliant white smile. With her red hair and pale, lightly freckled face, she put her age at 22 or 23. She was absolutely adorable and Carolina instantly had the inclination to adopt her as a little sister. "It's been forever since I had any sort of vacation and I don't plan on wasting a second trying to add a little color. I'll be floating over to the swim up bar about 30 seconds after we get there I'm sure."

"I hear you there! Where are you headed on the island?" 

"The new place in Negril that's just opening this week, I don't know if you've heard of it."

"Oh, I certainly have, we'll be your fellow resort mates! On break from school are you?"

With that the redhead turned all the way around and giggled. "School? Well aren't you just a dear? You're my new best friend. No, I just haven't had a break from my law practice since I started it with two friends about five years ago. I can't believe I have two weeks to waste doing nothing. I don't know if I even remember how to relax. How about you, what are you escaping from?"

Carolina had to shake off the shock of this pixyish creature being old enough to operate a law practice, but she held it together pretty well. "I work on Bay Street...," she began.

"Ah, the Canadian Wall Street," her new friend shot back. Listen, on second thought, don't tell me what you do, I wasn't planning on sleeping through the flight." She giggled adorably again and playfully punched Carolina's shoulder. 

Carolina was about to offer up her best crooked lawyer joke, but the voice came over the airport loudspeaker asking for first class passengers to begin boarding. "Look I was just joking, I look forward to talking more on board. I guess I have a lot you to catch you up on Carrie."

It took a moment or two for it to register with Carolina what she'd just heard. Stunned that this nameless "stranger" knew her name, and her nickname no less, she glanced up quickly, just in time to see Red give her the wink and the gun. She turned, presented the agent with her boarding pass and passport and shuffled off, leaving Carolina struggling to comprehend what was going on. 

"Hey Carrie, what are you waiting for?", Nev asked, playfully pushing her friend toward the agent herself. Carolina passed through uneventfully and waited for the black girl to catch up to her on the other side of the check-in desk. 

"Nev, did you see that girl I was talking to?"

"Yeah, making friends with the younger crowd, nice. Nothing wrong with partying with the university girls, they're fun."

"Yeah, I thought she was a young'un too, but she's a lawyer and she knows me from somewhere. I recognize her too and it's gonna drive me NUTS until I figure it out."

"Oh girl I know what you mean," Nev replied, "I'm worse with names than just about anyone in this world. Well, good luck with that," she offered, and laughed at her friends plight as she showed her boarding pass to the stewardess. 

Carolina and the girls all had seats in the second row. As she guided her bag into her overhead container, she glanced around the cabin. Her as yet nameless friend was seated about 7 rows back in a window seat surveying the cabin. At the moment, it seemed to Carolina, the woman was surveying her bare torso where her shirt had lifted up. When the latch on the bin snapped shut, it seemed to snap Red out of her trance and she seemed to blush slightly when she saw she had been noticed. If she was, in fact, embarrassed, she held it together pretty well and Carolina even noticed her wink at her once again. 

The Latina shot a smile back at her, waved, and settled in for her flight in between Nev and Belle. Bee was just across the aisle from Nev and was already half asleep. Carolina saw the logic in catching a few Z's as well, and as the plane lifted off the runway, the last words she heard were Nev and Belle discussing which of the resort's 8 restaurants they should hit for dinner.

When she awoke, 3 hours into the flight, Carolina had an overwhelming need to hit the ladies room. She nudged her older friend to her right and Belle paused her New York Times Crossword to stand up and let her out. As she exited the bathroom, Carolina saw that Red had an empty seat next to her and seized the opportunity to fess up.

"Ok, ok, I admit," she began, visibly startling her new friend, "I've forgotten where we've met. I hope you're not taking it personally, I have a terrible memory."

Red straightened her tank up and brushed her hair out of her eyes. "Oh Carrie, I'm not taking it personally. It's got nothing to do with memory and everything to do with the drinky-drink." She reached out and touched Carolina on the arm, shook her head and rolled her eyes. The Latina loved that this woman behaved as if they were old friends already, it really put her at ease. Carolina really enjoyed people who were quick to laugh, had fun and enjoyed playful teasing.

"Unless I was AWFUL to her when I was drunk, I think I have a new friend on my hands here," she thought. "Wait a second," she then offered aloud, "I tie one on once in a blue moon, and the only time recently was my birthday a couple of months back..."

"...At the Flirt Lounge on Adelaide, where you were with your second row friends up there along with about 10 more well dressed ladies and a few guys. You were drinking mohitos by the pitcher and you were wearing a tight, black, strapless cocktail dress . Let me tell you Carrie, there's nothing more attractive to a man than a hammered birthday girl who looks ready to go home with the first warm body at any second. You were lucky to get out of there alive."

She had this way about her that kept me from being offended by her straight talk. I knew from her tone that she wasn't judging, she was just mischievously mocking my birthday struggles. "Ok, I give in, how do you know all of this?"

"Well, you and I ended up talking at length that night. I was the designated driver for my friends, feeling loose-lipped as usual, and you would have talked to ANYONE at that point and instantly been best friends."

Carolina shook her head in mock embarrassment. "Well don't go thinking that, I'm sure I would have talked to you anyway. But how did our convo get started?"

The redhead smiled broadly, and Carolina really noticed for the first time what a very attractive girl she was. "I told you that you had great tits," she said, and went back to gazing out of the window at the eastern seaboard below. 

Carolina was taken aback and didn't know what to say. "Well thank you, but..."

The lawyer turned immediately back around. "Carrie relax, the story goes this way. I walked into the bathroom very late in the night and you were staring intently into the mirror adjusting your bra and pushing your breasts around trying to keep them from popping out. I commented that they were great tits and if they happened to fall out, bonus for the rest of us. You laughed for the better part of an hour and then brought me back to your table where your last two friends were, and we shared the last couple of drinks of the night. Your friends asked you whether or not you were going to try and break your losing streak and you commented that the only good-looking people left in the place were females. The blonde girl..."

"Stacey," I interrupted, laughing, "she's a frightening bisexual. She believes that ALL women are predisposed to WANT to sleep with other women."

Red nodded knowingly, as if she understood exactly where I, or Stacey I suppose, was coming from. "Well Stacey said 'why would that stop you' and you collapsed in a laughing fit. When you were done, I volunteered to be your guinea pig, but you waived me off."

By this time, my new friend was barely suppressing waves of laughter and I was actually beginning to piece together a memory or two. "Wait a second, how did I get home that night?"

"I drove you, you moron. Your friends lived on the opposite side of town that you and I do, so I offered to take you home after I dropped off mine."

"Oh my god," started Carolina, operating on sudden recall, "do you have a large guy friend who can't stop talking about the Coen Brothers and smells like onions?"

Red openly bellowed at this point, slapping her knee and pressing her forehead into Carolina's shoulder. "Good ol' Reggie. He can't understand why he doesn't get more dates."

"Yeah, we dropped him off last and then you and I got into a discussion about OUR favorite Coen flicks. I droned on about Fargo, you LOVE Miller's Crossing and....."

"We both discussed how much we liked for No Country For Old Men," Red finished.

"That's right! We sat in front of my house trying to remember where we'd seen the little actress in that from before! Then you remembered seeing her boobs in Trainspotting and we had our problem solved!"

"And you compared my body to hers, thanked me and went inside." Red was still smiling, but her enthusiasm for the story seemed to have gone away and Caroline sensed something was distressing her. She knew that was NOT the end of their talk that night.

"Oh come on now, I probably said something entirely embarrassing. Listen honey, before we go any further, this is driving me nuts, WHAT is your name?"

Red paused slightly...."Rebecca...B..Becky Lipton." 

For a second Carolina didn't know what her cause for hesitation was and then she was overcome suddenly with a wave of panic. A vision came to her of the inside of a car with the redhead sitting opposite her, the air thick with an uncomfortable silence. Then she closed her eyes and it came to her. "Oh my God Becky, I said something about how you reminded me of that actress, but I'd have to see you naked first to make sure. Oh I must have made you SO uncomfortable! I'm so sorry!"

Becky smiled a bit painfully and sighed. "Oh Carrie, you're not quite there yet. There's something else you haven't touched on" 

"Ok, I give up, what?" 

Becky stood up slightly and glanced about the first class cabin. They were in the last row and no one ahead of them seemed to the playing the least bit of attention. She sat down, leaned back toward the window and motioned for Carolina to lean in as well. Better hidden from the cabin, Becky leaned in close and whispered, "Does this sound familiar?" She cleared her throat and started whispering in a slightly deeper voice I recognized as very close to my own. 
