 UGLY DUCKLING  Part 2. "Kisses"

I hope that you will read Part 1, "Ribbons," before reading the rest of my story. It will help you to understand both Kira and I better.

I woke up, about 6 o'clock the next morning, in Kira's bed, naked, and with a naked Kira laying partially on me. Her head was lying across my breasts, her soft pink lips inches away from one of my erect nipples, her lovely long blonde hair, with the pastel ribbons from the night before still intertwined in her tresses. I tried not to move, as I didn't want to awaken my sleeping beauty before she'd gotten her full rest.

The events of the night before came back to me.

Kira, my roommate, and also beautiful, a sophomore, cheerleader, Homecoming Court Princess, and now my lover, and I, Rachel, a quiet little freshman, had made frantic, and completely unexpected, love last night after she returned from the Homecoming Dance, and things kind of snowballed. Kira was just 5' 0" tall, 110 pounds, with medium-blonde hair that was almost always tied back in a perky ponytail, though not now. Her cute snub nose, even white teeth, a sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of her nose, sparkling blue eyes, long, graceful neck, shapely 34 B breasts, with the loveliest small pink nipples, a flat stomach, nicely rounded hips and full butt, a moderate thatch of curly blonde hairs in a natural v-shape at her pussy, slim thighs and calves, and pretty, smooth feet, were just bonuses to her sweet and friendly nature.

Of course, I hadn't noticed all of that in one swell foop, but only after several weeks of sneaking peeks at her, and just being with her. I thought she was the loveliest girl I'd ever met, both inside and out, and what she was doing with a mousy, homely thing like me confused me - I hoped that she might communicate her reasons to me later. Now, while I might be homely, I did at least have an attractive body, though I guess that's an empty boast since, up until Kira, no one had actually been "attracted" to it.

At 5'8" I thought that I was pretty gangly, and at 145 pounds somewhat plump. My hair was at least acceptable, a long and silky dark brown. My breasts were 34 B, not the biggest, but noticeable, and my bottom was pretty attractive, full and round, though I never dressed to complement it. My face wasn't exactly ugly, but not pretty, just homely. My eyes were too far apart, my nose too big, and my teeth uneven, practically snaggle-toothed. I had a decent little thatch of brown hair in the vee above my own slit, but, needless to say, I was pretty much the only one who'd ever seen it.

Kira and I had shared the ecstasy of rubbing our bodies together last night, and especially our sensitive clits, and nipples, and our passionate kisses were, to me, like heaven on earth. I guess we'd fallen asleep shortly after we achieved orgasm, her petite naked body on top of mine, our cunt juices running together as we dozed off. And now here she was, the next morning, still with me.

Kira stirred, and her head rose up, her face next to mine, her eyes slowly opening. "Ohh, Rachel, I had the most wonderful dream. I dreamt that you and I were curled up in each other's arms all night, kissing and cuddling, and making love." She smiled a sleepy smile at me, and said, "and now I wake up to find that it was true."

She leaned forward, bringing her lips to mine, and kissed me, softly at first, our lips barely touching, then more passionately, pressing her lips hard against mine, as she awoke further, and as our passionate fire of the night before rekindled from its embers of sleep. Kira's hands slowly roved over my upper body, softly caressing my full breasts, and lightly tweaking and pinching my sensitive brown nipples. As she further inflamed me, Kira's tongue insinuated itself into my willing and eager mouth, darting between my lips, and battling with my own at first timid tongue.

In return, I brought my fingers alongside Kira's warm, round breasts, and stroked the outsides in a downwards direction, echoing the way she'd begun massaging my back the night before. "Umm," Kira cooed into my mouth, a contented sound. Pulling her lips away from mine momentarily, she whispered, "More." I trapped one of her sweet pink nipples between my thumb and forefinger, and lightly squeezed her hard nub.

"Ooh!" she yelped, "yesssss." Seeing that things were well in hand, she returned her plump, pink lips to mine, and resumed our passionate early morning kiss. My other hand slipped along her side, stroking her firm, smooth midriff, down to her full, feminine hips. I tried to slip my hand under her to get nearer to her hot, wet pussy. I had felt her damp slit on my back, and fucking into my own moist slit, last night, but now I wanted to explore her in a different way. 

Kira lifted up her hips, to allow my hand complete access to her crotch, and I slid my hand under her, feeling the increased warmth there as I got closer to her teenage vagina. I felt the soft, curly blonde hair that topped her clit and pink slit. It was damp, whether residue from our joint passion of the night before, or a new moisture just beginning, I didn't know. I slowly ran my fingers through that tangled rain forest, until I felt the slight swelling of the hood over her pink clitoris. I lightly ran my fingertip over it, and Kira's groans and hip movements, told me that her clit was already beginning to swell with lust, and was only partially covered now by its natural protection.

I skipped over her slippery clit after even so lightly arousing her, then brought my index finger down on the outer edges of her labia. Her wetness and slickness were very apparent there, and it was clear that Kira was lubricating now from her present aroused state. The thought that I could cause this beautiful woman to become sexually aroused, in turn aroused me, and I could feel my juices, flowing lightly before, begin pouring out of my own pussy.

Meanwhile, I circled my finger around and around Kira's pink cunt lips, making sure to coat more and more of it with her lubricant, then, curled it over her now prominent clitoris and down directly into her slit, as I had done with my own very wet slit while masturbating. I drove my finger in deep, past Kira's soft, yielding, but tight, feminine tissues, and her hole seemed as though it would just barely be able to take the width of my finger.

"Ohhhhh," Kira moaned. "God! YES!! Fuck me!! Put your finger deeeep inside me, baby, I want you inside me!!!!"

On a physical level, I suppose that the inside of Kira's pussy felt exactly the same as my own, but there was no comparison between the emotional feel of my finger being deep inside her wet slit, and that of being inside my own. More than the reactions throughout her body that were unfamiliar to me, such as the movement of her hips around my finger, her purring as she lay impaled, her throat noises, and her own hands responding to my attack by attacking my own pussy in turn, were the emotional bombshells going off inside my head, of knowing that I was intimately involved with the beautiful woman I had admired for months now.

I felt empowered by the overwhelming sensation, and determined now to take the initiative in pleasing my awesome, feminine lover. I slid my finger in and out, faster, and Kira responded by increasing the movements of her hips against me, her mouth more frantic against mine, and her own small hand locating the center of my eros, plunging her finger inside my dripping slit, while her thumb rubbed against my own erect clit. I nearly jumped from the pleasure shooting straight through my clit, then diffusing throughout my body in a red hot glow.

We both lost any vestige of calm we might have awakened with, and were soon rutting into each other as passionately as we had the night before. I joined two fingers together to thrust inside Kira's tight, hot hole, and she whimpered with pain and pleasure as the "too much, too much," became "more, more." She, too, brought two fingers inside me, and at the intrusion of a second finger, combined with her thumb, so knowledgeable of my clit's needs, I came, explosively, my mind blanking out as stars filled my sight, and my hips shook uncontrollably.

Quite aware of my orgasm, Kira growled in her throat, as she let herself cum, her even, white teeth biting gently on my full lower lip and her hips pressed against my palm, her cunt muscles squeezing my fingers deep inside her femininity. I could feel her sweet juices running out onto the rest of my hand, as I'm sure my own did onto hers. Kira rested herself on me as we came down from our erotic high, and then, lifting her head up, and looking deeply into my eyes, said, "Good morning, lover."

I smiled back at her with a grin that I thought would split my face in half. I never dreamed that I would have the pleasure of giving pleasure to another, nor that she would wish to do the same for me. "I never dreamed...." I began, then stopped, not sure of what was the right thing to say.

"Never dreamed what, Rachel?" Kira asked with a smile.

I paused. "Never dreamed that I would know someone as wonderful as you, never dreamed that you would ever want to be with me, never dreamed that a dream could come true....and that's just for starters. Honestly, Kira, you're the most beautiful, wonderful person I've ever met. I don't know why you've blessed me as you have, last night and ....now."

As kindly as she could, Kira said, "I sensed when I met you, that you had an inner beauty that you'd never allowed to surface on your outside, and I was curious how that could be. The more I knew about you, how kind and wonderful, and, and, beautiful you are, and then all of the cruel things that were done to you, yet you stayed beautiful inside, I knew I had to get closer to you. I didn't know I'd fall in love with you, but I did. Last night, and just now were everything I've dreamt of all my life. I know it's unexpected..."

"Oh Kira, sweet Kira, I've loved you, too! You're everything perfect to me, and you've brought me to heights I never even knew existed. But I'm not beautiful like you, I don't have your personality, HOW can you be attracted to me?"

"Rachel, you've never been allowed to express your inner beauty. Your mother worked to destroy you, yet you flourished as a person. And as for your looks, you haven't seen yourself as I have, and I don't mean as just your lover. You've been seeing yourself through your mother's warped eyes, so naturally you saw no point in expressing yourself. Please trust me to help you express your total beauty - I think you'll be very surprised." Kira gave me such a winning smile, and there was such a look of hope in her clear blue eyes, that I just nodded back, in spite of my misgivings. After all, 'you can't shine shit,' I thought. Then it occurred to me that that was my mother's warped thinking, and it didn't have to be mine.

"Okay," I said decisively, "I'm in your hands." Kira grinned at me, and said, "Then I want breakfast, right now!" 

I started to rise up, and Kira pushed me back down. "No need to leave, I'll have breakfast in bed." Kira began crawling backwards down the bed until she got to my feet. She lifted up my right leg and spread it wider, exposing my little pink slit a little more. I giggled and said, "WHAT are you doing?"

Kira made a silent 'shooshing' noise with her finger, then lifted up my left leg and moved it to the other side. I lay there spread-eagled for her, my virginal pussy now fully exposed to her view, and she was staring avidly at my slit, or my clit, or my pubic hair, or I don't know what. I giggled nervously again, "Kira....." I said. She didn't say anything at all, but leaned forward on her knees, closer to me now.

"Rachel, I think that lovemaking encompasses all the senses, don't you? Last night, did you find yourself being confused about what you were touching, or which of us was making a particular noise, or the smells that you smelled, or experience a new taste on your tongue?" Kira asked, as she gently stroked the insides of my legs, this time upwards, towards my pussy. I hadn't thought about such things before, but it occurred to me that, aside from, underlying the ecstasy that I'd felt with Kira last night, there were many sensations which didn't come under that heading, but which I had nonetheless experienced for the first time. Certainly Kira's finger inside my bottom fit that definition, as had the mixed fragrance of Kira's body splash and her pussy juices. They both contributed to my pleasure, though they also were sensations I'd never experienced before.

"Umm, yeah. Last night, and this morning I DID experience new smells, and feelings. Why?"

"Did you enjoy them?" she asked.

"Oh, yes. Very much." I blushed.

"Then just stay open to new things, okay sweetheart? Concentrate on each new sensation, and try to enjoy it to the fullest, without worrying about anything else outside of you and I. And remember, I love you." Kira smiled at me, so warmly, and I smiled back.

"I trust you, Kira," I said, and closed my eyes. I felt Kira's body moving against me, as she crawled up my body, her fingers still stroking the sensitive inner skin of my thighs, closer now to my pussy, which was producing an excess of lubrication. Her finger traced over my left thigh, then to the crease where my thigh joined my pudendum, the left crease of my "vee." Her slim finger then slowly traced up the left side of my labia, alongside my leaking slit, and slowly, oh, so slowly, up to my clit, partially swollen again as Kira filled my senses. Her finger circled around the tiny knob of my clit, around and around, so close that my sensitive nerve endings there could feel the effects of her passage without her actually touching it, like waves from a passing boat lapping against a buoy.

My clit felt super sensitive, aware that at any moment she might make contact with it, touch it, stroke it. Desiring that contact, knowing that just that one touch would make me cum, yet dreading it, knowing that such a long-anticipated touch might make me jump out of my skin with its overwhelming ecstasy. To my relief/disappointment, her finger instead traveled down my pussy lips on the right side side, covering her finger in even more of my copious flow, then lightly down the right crease of my vee.

Her finger left me then, and I was left with only the contact of my body on the mattress. I couldn't feel Kira's presence other than a sensed, not felt, motion of air above my body. Suddenly I felt a slim fingertip, wet with fluid, painting the smooth skin of my upper lip, below my nose, from one side to another, like a moustache. A pungent aroma of feminine musk invaded my nostrils, then my pussy, as the unexpected fragrance traveled directly from my nose, to my pussy, from which it had originated.

Before last night, I'd never dreamt that a woman's smell could have such a dramatic effect on another person, much less me. I came, then, my thighs shaking with pleasure from the smell of my own pussy, and from Kira's merciless teasing of my defenseless clitoris and cunt. A small groan escaped me, "God." I heard a light giggle, and felt the bed shake infinitesimally, almost unnoticeably. 

Again, no sound or movement that I could detect, though I strained. Then, a warm, light breeze, no, a breath, a woman's sweet breath, on the curly brown hairs surrounding my gushing pussy, like a furry cap. Then, something brushing against those hairs, a lapping, Kira's tongue (?)

Pressing harder and deeper through the tangled thicket, a touch of warm, wet on the skin above my clit, a light growl, as that of a cat finding a bowl of its (her) favorite milk. A light pressure of fingers under my knees, urging my legs up. I complied, sliding my legs up until my feet were flat on the bed. Even more urging, my legs up in the air, my knees now drawn to my breasts, my hands under them to hold them suspended in mid air.

Kira's finger again, still wet, retracing its path up the left crease in the vee of my crotch. Touching also my inner thigh, and labia on that side simultaneously with her other fingers.....no. Not fingers, her tongue, not her finger. Oh God, her warm, wet tongue, tickling its way up the crease of my vee, her downy cheeks touching my thigh and labia......ecstasy, her sweet, adorable mouth inches away from my yearning...so much sensation overwhelming me. My breathing shallow and rapid, my fluid running in rivulets to my ass.

Kira's finger (?) tongue (?) on my labia, slowly tracing upward from the rear, upwards to my clit....again, no! Kira's adorable nose (!), as she breathes in my scent, then expels her warm breath on my vaginal lips, then her tongue (?) yes, tongue (!) lapping at my prominent, puffy lips. Her giggle.....her tongue again, harder now, pressing hard on my pussy lips, upward...there now, her pointed tongue circling my wary clit now like Indians racing their paint ponies around circled covered wagons. I giggle at the thought, and shudder with the fullness of pleasure Kira gives me.

Warm flesh gently covers my clitoris, exposed and vulnerable....Kira's finger (?) tongue (?) lips (!) gently fastening on my prominent excitement made flesh, sucking it into her mouth....oh god, Kira my love, eat me, consume me, take me inside you keep me safe there forever!

More aggressive now, gentleness forgotten, Kira savages my clit with her full lips, stabs my pink vaginal slit with her stiffened tongue, laps at my life fluids as they run out of my torn essence. I lay a dying animal as the lioness feeds on me, paralyzed now, she takes what she wants from me. Sensations flare sporadically through my dying brain....a slim finger intruding where it had last night, deep inside my helpless, tight ass hole, 2 fingers now, fucking, fucking, fucking my anus with her joined fingers, her tongue lapping at, licking my pussy, my clit.

Cums cumming cum throughout me, meaningless flashes of light, aromas of feminine lust, her hands pressing my legs back further, her tongue lapping now at my ass hole, explosions of light and warmth. Cuddling now in her arms, my body supine, she holds me, she kisses me, our lips joined, I smell more closely now my intimate smells from her mouth and face. She nuzzles me, a mother cat with her kitten, and I sleep.