 Author's note: the prompt for this story was "I got more turned on in two minutes with her dominating me than I've had in vaginal sex with any guy." This is a short little romp. If you enjoy it, write me an encouraging note in the comments!

***

"Twenty minutes, sugar. The two-minute drill. You haven't finished your first week, yet."

Issa stared in my face and pointed a thick finger to the women's locker rooms. She was my new boss, and the detective in charge of the special crimes unit. It had been a tough week with this new team, but it beat the hell out of writing parking tickets eight hours a day. I had joined the force a couple months before, and women still got sent to the shit jobs-the force was mostly men-shit jobs where we had to linger for months wiping asses and grinding paperwork until a real opportunity arose. When the position opened up in Issa's team, I jumped at it.

"Yes, sergeant," I snapped back, bending down to my desk to gather my gear with both hands. I nodded to her and hustled off to take my shower. The day had been tough and my uniform was crusted with sweat. Hell, the whole week had been tough under this woman's direction. I was both scared of, and I'll have to admit, attracted to Issa. She was tall and fit and commanding and ran her team-all of them male except for me-with a sharp discipline. She took no shit from anybody.

I popped open my locker with an outstretched thumb and dropped everything towards the open door. Some of it landed in the locker and some bounced to the little dressing bench and the floor around my feet. I was the only one in there because the other units had all been dismissed by that time, and you didn't get sweaty writing parking tickets, anyway, so most of the police girls went directly home after their shift.

I stripped off in an instant, leaving my uniform in a messy pile by my feet, and jumped into the shower, running the hot water over my slender figure. I thrust my face directly into the spray and held it there, eyes closed. My hands wandered to my tiny titties and I played with my nips for a good minute while the water poured over me, soothing the aches. My hips moved in a small circle as I thought of how long it had been since I'd had good sex.

I'd been with a guy named Ryan just that week. Even though he had a dick as big as my arm, the sex wasn't so great. After a few kisses he pulled my panties down and started thrusting into my pussy. Seemed like it was twenty minutes or so while I lay there with him pumping in and out, but the vaginal stimulation wasn't doing it for me. I tried to hurry him along with my hands but I'm guessing he thought girls wanted it drawn out, because he seemed to think he was doing me a favor with the long grind. Broaching the subject of sex performance was a tricky topic, especially for a guy with a huge dick who thinks he's got all it takes to please a woman.

A voice rudely interrupted my thoughts. "Let's finish that shower now, sugar peaches."

Issa! Fuck. It couldn't have been twenty minutes yet. Did she surprise me on purpose? I turned the water off and made an attempt to cover myself with my hands. Without meeting her gaze, I slipped past her through the little doorway to the main dressing room. I felt her watching, then following me to my locker where I faced the open door and reached for my towel with the hand that wasn't covering my tits. Her backpack hit the ground as she slung it off her shoulders.

"Freeze, sugar."

She said it quietly and calmly, but there was no mistaking that it was an order. I held still. "Arms up to the wall," she said, and stepped in right behind me. She was so close that I felt her warm breath on the back of my neck as I raised my arms to the wall of lockers. Then she slid her forearm up and over my shoulder and around my neck, and tightened, her body pressed against mine, the ridges of her belt against my naked ass and the butt of her holstered gun against my hips.

She held me pinned there, silently, as she adjusted the grip of her arm around my neck. My mind was racing. I could feel something start to come alive in my groin.

"You did real good this week, girl," she said after a minute. "I like it when the girls show up."

I was silent.

"We have a motto for Issa's team: all for one and one for all."

She kept the pressure on me, and tightened her arm around my neck. Now I could feel my pussy getting wet, and it wasn't from the shower.

"Face me, now. Hands by your sides," she ordered. I swung around and did as she said, and she took an approving look up and down at my naked front, then to her watch, where she clicked a button. "Nice pussy. Two minutes, starting now."

"Two minutes for what?" I asked, shaking my head.

"Two minutes to cum. Now shut up and do what I say. Hands on your head, honey. Good."

She looked closely at my tits and gave a little "mmm" sound as she reached out and surrounded the flesh of one breast, then pulled hard on the nipple. I was stunned, and froze. Two minutes to orgasm? For one thing, why the hell was my boss ordering me to cum? And another, there was no way I could cum in two minutes. I didn't even get close in the twenty minutes with Ryan's big cock-it took me at least another ten by myself in the shower after that.

"Now you've only got 1 minute, 50." She pointed at the bench. "Turn around, kneel down. Spread those legs."

I didn't know what was happening, but I flipped around as commanded and put my hands on the bench and my ass in the air.

"Yeah, mmm girl, I've been waiting to get that fine ass." I felt her hands grab me roughly from behind and squeeze my flesh. I'm small in the tits but I have a juicy, curvy ass. "Sugar, we don't got much time so here's what I'm going to do. One hand goes in here..." She ran one hand roughly right down my ass crack and under my legs, across my pussy and up to my clit.

"And the other goes here." I felt her other hand grab my hair from behind by my neck. She twisted my long strands around her wrist and pulled. My head arched up and I could feel her hand slide down my back. Her other hand pulled up on my pussy so my ass was thrust back and up towards her.

"Quiet now, we're going to work this about one minute."

Issa was silent as she focused on her rhythm, and I focused on the stimulation. She lit me up like a Christmas tree, from ass to elbows. Her hand glued to my clit was rubbing and squeezing, and the other with pressure on my back, and she leaned into me with her body so I could feel her hips pressing against my ass.

Without stopping her work on my pussy, with her other hand she let go of my hair and bent one of my arms behind me, pushing it down against my back. I braced with my other hand on the bench to keep balance, but she had me trapped and pinned to the bench. She completely owned me, and I could feel my body respond in a way it hadn't for years with a guy. Maybe never.

"You like working in Sgt. Issa's team, don't you, my pretty little babe?" She whispered as she stroked between my legs, up and down. Over my pussy, up to the clit, then back down to finger my asshole.

"Oh," I said between the moans I had started without thinking. "Yes Ma'am." I began to think maybe I could cum in two minutes, under her domination.

"Flip over, now." She looked at her watch while I obeyed. "We got about thirty seconds. You're going to cum now, girl."

I was face up on the bench, with my hands over my head. She straddled me at the level of my neck with her uniformed ass up in my face and her hands on my pussy again. Her whole weight pinned me down. I struggled to turn my head and in the mirror at the end of the locker aisle, I saw Issa reach into her backpack and pull out a huge black dildo. My eyes flew wide open.

"Oh yeah, this pussy is going to cum for me now," she said as she spread my lips wide open. I knew she was looking right up my little pink pussy. She bent over to get her face down to my groin and licked my clit with a raspy tongue. Then she nudged the dildo into my vagina while massaging my thighs. I kicked my feet as I wriggled under her weight and arched my back against her. She ignored this and settled her ass up onto my face.

Every part of my pussy was on fire, my clit, my thighs. She owned me. This big, beautiful, strong police sergeant completely owned me. Stroking my pussy, choking my neck with her ass, sitting on and mashing my tits. She wouldn't stop. I couldn't fight it, I had to do what she said. I exploded in orgasm. She lifted her body off me a bit and relaxed her motions as my body shook in pleasure, then dropped her weight to my chest again.

"Damn girl. That's some fine pussy juice there." I felt her rub her hands around my soaking wet lips and thighs, and up to my stomach. She pivoted off of me so she could run her hands in a smooth path all the way up to my nipples, where she pinched and pulled with her wet hands.

"And let me check the time. Yes, you made it. With ten seconds to spare. You passed the two minute test. Welcome to Issa's team."

I sighed and melted into the bench. Wow, what a way to end the week. I thought it over: special crimes unit, my new team. It sure as hell beat writing parking tickets!