 I saw her dancin' there by the record machine
I knew she must a been about seventeen
The beat was goin' strong
Playin' my favorite song
An' I could tell it wouldn't be long
Till she was with me, yeah me, singin'
I love rock n' roll
So put another dime in the jukebox, baby
I love rock n' roll
So come an' take your time an' dance with me

(I love Rock n' Roll - Joan Jett and the Blackhearts)

This was the song playing when I first saw her. She was dancing, her long hair flying around as she played air guitar and shook her head around. She was with some girls that I knew from the local college rock club. Joan Jett finished and she sat down, laughing and panting for breath. I watched her from the other side of the dace floor, moving around so I could watch her through the dancing crowd. She was Asian, probably a Sikh judging by her sharp features and slightly hooked nose. Her mouth was full and she had a ready smile for her friends. Her hair was straight, black and long… half way down her back. She was wearing a tight vest top with no bra, fitted hipster black leather jeans and cowboy boots. She was slim with small tits but a shapely bum and stood about 5' 3". I had never seen anyone as beautiful or as horny as her before.

I walked across to their table; stopping at the bar to buy a beer so I'd have something to keep my hands occupied, and said hello to the girls I knew. I was greeted warmly by all of them except a girl called Gail… we had recently had a huge argument about religion and she was still looking fairly pissed off with me. The beautiful vision of loveliness was introduced as Tyke.

'Tyke?' I queried, smiling and gazing into her big, brown eyes.

'I was born in Yorkshire but had to move to London to live with relatives when my Mum and Dad divorced. My cousins called me Tyke because of my accent and it sort of stuck' she explained.

AC/DC came on the sound system and the other girls got up to dance. Tyke stayed at the table.

'Do you want to dance?' I asked.

'No. I'm knackered and a little bit too pissed to be shaking my head around' she laughed, ' besides, Gail tells me that you're a pervert and are going to hell so I thought you might be cool to talk to'

I spluttered the mouth full of beer out over the table and down my front. Tyke started laughing hard.

'What the hell has she been saying?' I asked when I managed to get myself under control. This could be bad… Gail was a born again Christian and I had made the mistake of thinking she might want a discussion on belief. Sadly she didn't… she wanted to tell me that her beliefs were right and my atheism was wrong. Of course I couldn't walk away from the argument and had let my mouth run away with me. Worse yet, I was pissed when I'd had the argument and couldn't really remember exactly what I'd said!

'Oh, she said you're a atheistic sexual deviant with the morals of a cat' laughed Tyke.

'Oh, I thought she had said something bad about me!' I laughed back.

'She's been trying to get me to give my soul to Jesus or something since she met me. My Dad was a Sikh, my Mum was half-caste… half-Sikh, half-Catholic. My Uncle and Aunt brought me up. They are my Mum's side of the family… non-practising Sikh and Catholic. I think she sees me as a challenge' Tyke explained.

'I'm not surprised with that ethnic and religious background!' I laughed.

'Yep. I don't dare tell her that I'm gay as well' Tyke said, looking me in the eyes.

Maybe it was the beer, maybe it was her brown eyes or maybe it's because I'm me but I went weak at the knees at this revelation. I quickly leaned across the table and kissed her lips. She responded immediately, holding my face in her hands and kissing me back.

'Sorry' I said when we parted 'had to do that. You're too beautiful not to kiss'

Tyke laughed at me and kissed me again.

'You're not exactly a dog yourself' she laughed, her smile lighting up her face.

That was it for the night. We sat together for five hours, chatting, fondling and discreetly kissing each other. The other girls were delighted to see us together. Well, all except Gail who stormed out when she saw us kissing. I began to get the feeling we'd been set up by our mutual friends but didn't care. After an hour she dragged me off to the toilet and locked us in a cubicle. We practically jumped into each other's arms and started kissing each other. Her hands moved over my body, fondling my tits and darting between my legs to fondle my fanny. I responded in kind, pulling her loose vest top down and quickly sucking her brown nipples. Tyke grabbed my hair and held my head to her breast, pushing her hand down my top and tweaking my nipple. We both jumped at the knock on the door.

'Can you hurry up in there, I'm busting for the loo' said a voice.

We laughed and straightened ourselves up and walked out of the bathroom. I was so horny I just wanted to take her home and lick her all night.

'Your place or mine?' asked Tyke when we got back to our table

'Come to mine and I'll make you cum so hard you'll think you've died and gone to heaven' I whispered.

'Oh yes. And what makes you think I'm going to fuck you?' she laughed.

'Your hard brown nipple in my mouth and your hand on my cunt were a bit of a clue' I said, finishing my drink.

We said our goodbyes, ignoring the knowing smiles from our friends and grabbed a taxi back to my place. We held hands in the taxi but did nothing to freak the driver out. We got to my place and walked in. We heard music from the living room and soft sounds of sex. I motioned Tyke to be quiet and led her towards the double doors into the living room. I gently slid a door open to reveal my lodger, Debbie, and a man I'd had never seen before naked on the sheepskin rug. He was flat on his back and she was riding his cock. Her large tits were bouncing up and down as she rode him. She had one hand on her clit, the other was behind her, fondling his balls. We watched for a minute, the couple totally unaware of us, then I led Tyke upstairs to my room.

'Does that often happen?' she whispered as I led the way upstairs to the attic.

'Not really. Everyone else is out tonight and I was going to crash in Cathy's room tonight' I said 'She's taking advantage of an empty living room cos' her room is only small. It's only me that's sexually depraved. My lodgers are normal. Mostly normal anyway. Some of them are mostly normal. Sort of. Bloody hell, I'm pissed!' I babbled triping over my own feet.

We sort of fell through the door into my bedroom and kicked off our shoes. I turned a couple of mood lights on and stuck Rumours by Fleetwood Mac on the stereo. Tyke excused herself and went into the bathroom and I flopped on the bed, looking at the stars through the skylight.

Tyke walked back in at the end of the first song wearing nothing but a smile. She walked over to me and knelt beside me on the bed. Her soft, brown body was well toned and she had no pubic hair. Her tits were on the small size but her brown nipples were thick, long and very erect. She pushed me back when I reached for her and quickly sat astride me, her glistening cunt just out of reach of my tongue, her thighs holding my arms captive on the bed.

'Beg little Lucy. Beg for your supper.' she taunted, pushing her hips forward towards me. I could smell her sex but couldn't get my tongue to her.

'Please let me lick you' I begged, looking up into her eyes. 'Please let me use my tongue to pleasure you. I want to taste your cunt. I want to slip inside you and make you cum'

Tyke grabbed my hair and moved forward so she was sitting on my face. My tongue went straight to her pussy and I started to lick her for all I was worth. My hands were free now so I grabbed her buttocks and pulled her to my face, forcing her on to my lips and tongue. Tyke put her hands on the headboard and fucked my mouth with her lips, looking down at me all the time.

'That's it. Right there you little slut. Lick me there. Make me cum' she whispered between moans.

I slapped her buttocks with my hands, forcing her clit to hard on to my tongue.

'Fuck, yes.' Tyke cried out. 'Spank me. Treat me rough'

I slapped her bum again, harder this time and got the same response. I started slapping her buttocks as hard as I could in the position I was in. Her moaning got louder and louder until she came with a yell and a deep shudder. I felt my mouth fill up as she ejaculated in my mouth. I lapped at her pussy like a dog, cleaning her up and causing further jolts of pleasure up her body. Finally she collapsed off me and I crawled up her body to kiss her, stopping briefly to nuzzle and suck her nipples. We kissed and hugged until she could breath properly again.

'Told you I'd fuck you' I said, grinning and pulling my tee shirt over my head.

Tyke pushed me back on the bed, lying on top of me and kissed me, her tongue probing my mouth. Our tongues twirled around each other as we kissed, our hands moving over each other's bodies. Tyke broke away from me and moved down my body, her hot mouth sucking my nipples one at a time, her teeth gently biting my soft flesh. She reached down and undid my jeans, trying to push them off my hips. They were too tight so she got up and yanked them off, pulling my panties with them. As soon as they were off I spread my legs wide; pulling my knees back, exposing my blonde hair covered cunt for Tyke to see. She knelt between my legs and gently teased my lips with her fingers.

'Oh, don't tease me, fuck me' I hissed.

Tyke suddenly leaned forward so her weight was holding my legs back along my body and slapped my exposed arse four times. The smacks stung my bum and made me quiver with delight. Tyke resumed her slow teasing of my pussy, slowly and gently running the tips of her fingers over my labia and just stopping short of my clit. I was going out of my mind with frustration, wanting her fingers in me, her tongue on my clit.

'Please fuck me' I asked again.

This time she smacked me six times, slapping my bum and the backs of my thighs hard. I gasped as she hit me, trying to wriggle out from underneath her (but not too hard…).

'Please don't smack me' I said which earned me another two smacks on my bum, her hand smacking close to my swollen pussy lips. Her fingers resumed their teasing, her eyes never leaving mine, watching my reaction to her touch all the time. I lay back on the bed and played with my nipples, giving in to her domination. Another half dozen smacks on the bum and thighs made me leave my nipples alone and keep my hands by their side. My bum was tingling along with my cunt and I was getting close to coming. I moaned louder, hoping to encourage Tyke to put her fingers in me but she just spanked me again, harder than before, giving me six slaps on the buttocks and six on my thighs. I was crying aloud by the time she'd finished and my skin was smarting.

Tyke looked into my eyes and sank two fingers into my cunt, her thumb pushing down on my clit and gently rubbing it as she slowly fucked me with her fingers. I came straight away gripping the bed as I writhed and thrashed about. When I finished Tyke let me loose, lay at my side and held me tenderly, kissing my face and lips. I hugged her back, pushing my tongue into her mouth, tasting her. We hugged and dozed for a while then climbed under the duvet and slept.

I was woken four hours later by Tyke climbing over me to get to the bathroom.

'Hi' I said, laying back and watching her climb off the bed.

'Hi, sorry I woke you. I won't be long.' she said, heading for the loo.

I lay back and dozed for a minute and woke up as Tyke kissed me before climbing over me to get in bed. We snuggled up and kissed for a while, just enjoying each other's warmth and softness. Eventually our kisses became more passionate and our tongues more probing. I pushed Tyke on her back and rolled on top of her, her legs opened and wrapped around my thighs. We kissed each other again, our pubic bones and breasts rubbing against each other as I humped her. Tyke rolled me over and did the same to me, holding my hands down on the bed behind my head as she ground her pubic bone against mine. She lowered her face to mine and kissed me before pushing my head to one side and suckling on my ear lobe.

'I want to lick you.' she whispered in my ear.

'I want to lick you too.' I whispered back.

Tyke pulled herself off me, turning around so we were in the 69 position on our sides. We opened our legs and both our heads darted in to lick each other's clit at the same time. I rolled my hands down her back and squeezed her bum, pulling her into me. Her hands did the same to me, never stopping anywhere too long. I licked her clit in long, hard strokes and pushed my fingers gently in and out of her pussy.

'Ooo, yes. More of that.' I heard her call from between my legs.

I felt her fingers push inside me as she continued moving her tongue in little circles over my clitoris. As I continued gently pushing my fingers inside her I gently rubbed my little finger over her anus, very gently pushing against the muscle. As I pushed against her arsehole for the first time I felt a gasp on my clit and a low moan. As I continued to push she continued to moan until my little finger popped past the sphincter when she gasped 'yes' into my crutch. My fingers and tongue began moving slightly quicker than before, my little finger probing her anus as I fingered her. Her hands slowed on me as she was overcome with the feelings generated by my fingers and tongue. I felt her breath on my pussy lips, fast and hard as I fucked her. Her legs seemed to spread wider, allowing me more access as I pushed my fingers deeper and deeper into her.

'Ooo' she yelled onto my clit as I felt her spasm and cum over my fingers. Again I got a face full of clear fluid as she ejaculated on me. I lapped this up, my own pussy twinging as I did. Tyke is only the second girl I've seen that actually expels liquid when she comes and it really does turn me on to be covered in liquid by a woman. I carried on running my tongue over her pussy, gently probing between her lips until she rolled away from me and lay on her back. I turned around and allowed her to lick her juices off my lips and chin. We kissed and hugged for a minute until she had got her breath back then she was pushing me over on to my stomach. She lay full length on my back, nibbling my ears and the back of my neck sending me crazy. I stretched out, enjoying her attention and looked into the big mirror to watch her face. She saw me watching and winked at me, her face disappearing from view as she slowly licked her way down my back to my buttocks.

'Lucy, lift up a minute' said Tyke.

I lifted my bum up and she slipped a couple of pillows under my pelvis. I lowered my weight back to the pillows and she pushed my legs wide open. Tyke knelt between my legs and lightly ran her hands over my bum and down my legs. I watched her face in the mirror; she had a look of lust on her face as she examined me from behind. I smiled when she looked into the mirror and saw me looking at her. She smiled back then leaned forward and started kissing my buttocks. I put my chin on my hands and watched her in the mirror. I could see the curve of my buttocks and her face moving over them. She licked me from the base of my spine, across my bum and down the backs of my thighs. I twitched occasionally as her long hair tickled my legs. She started slowly working her way into my bum, her tongue pulling across my skin as she moved her face. She stopped just above my anus and leant back, watching me in the mirror. Slowly she raised her right hand then brought it down on my poor abused bum with a loud 'smack'. I yelped and then moaned as she leaned forward and ran her long tongue straight down my pussy lips to my clit. Again, she sat back on her feet and slapped my other cheek, this time leaning forward and running her tongue from the back of my pussy over my arsehole up to the base of my spine.

'Wow, that feels good' I said.

Tyke moved position so she was lying between my legs and started gently licking me. Her tongue darted out and touched my clit, then my lips, and then my thighs, buttocks and arsehole. Not lingering at all, just pushing hard enough to send a little jolt through me. I moaned into the duvet and wriggled my bum and she gently slapped my bum during a probe of my anus. Her hands grabbed a buttock each and squeezed, pulling them apart to open me up to her tongue. She began licking me harder, pushing her tongue into my pussy; twirling around my clit and lapping at my anus like a dog. I moaned and squealed as she worked on me, wiggling my bum trying to push back on her tongue.

Suddenly she stopped tonguing me. I could feel her breath on my bum, her hands still holding me open. Very gently her wet tongue touched my clit, her mouth clamping over it, her nose pushing into my cunt. Her tongue twirled over my slit, pressing it down with the wet tip. One finger gently dipped into my sopping pussy, twirling around inside me and then was withdrawn. I felt it slowly rubbing over my puckered anus, lubricating me. Again the finger dipped into my cunt and again my juices were smeared around my arsehole. The finger didn't withdraw but pushed harder on my bum. I relaxed and pushed back and the finger popped inside me, sliding deep inside my bum as Tyke licked me harder and harder, her long finger fucking my arsehole. Her other hand slapped my buttock as I writhed around on my belly. I gripped the duvet with both hands, crying out loudly as I came. My body shook then went limp as my orgasm subsided. Tyke pulled the pillow out from under me and lay on my back, kissing and nibbling my ear.

We rolled back under the duvet again and slept. Later I woke and made breakfast for the two of us. We spent the day chilling out and getting to know each other. I made a point of telling her my sexual history and lifestyle, hoping it wouldn't frighten her off as it had other potential partners. She was fascinated by it, especially the swinging parties I had with my friends. I found out that she had never slept with a man, not through a positive choice but because she had never found one she wanted to have sex with. She was happier with women and called herself a lesbian but refused to be categorised as 'just' a lesbian. We were both happy to keep seeing each other and keep our relationship open. Neither of us wanted to be tied down to a 'serious' relationship at our age.