 It had been over a week since Alana had had her first bisexual experience with Rene, and Rene had been bugging her about it ever since. While Rene had a sex-drive that wouldn't quit and was openly bisexual, Alana had always been more conservative when it came to sex. She had tried some new things recently--things Rene would have considered ridiculously tame, like surfing Internet porn--but even her willingness to experiment was held back by her inability to land a date. Before, she had been just frustrated by all this. Now she was somewhat confused.

Alana was a young-looking 26, but her sexual side had been mostly dormant for the past few years. She was 5'10", with an athletic body, long blonde hair, and bright blue eyes. She had a cute, small nose, and an energetic smile. Her legs were long, her skin virtually flawless, and her d-size breasts rounded out a terrific little package. For someone with a body like hers, sex should have been an easy subject.

This recent wild twist in Alana's life happened very unexpectedly, however, and Alana didn't know what it meant, or if it meant anything at all. She definitely enjoyed it, and she couldn't ignore the fact that women had begun to dominate her sexual thoughts and fantasies, but admitting to herself that she may be bi wasn't that easy. After all, she thought, all she and Rene did was have phone sex. Could such a small thing really change a person so greatly? The idea frightened her.

But it also made her very wet.

With someone like Rene to fantasize about, it was easy to see why. Like her friend, Rene looked much younger than her 26 years, and her body added greatly to that illusion. She was tall, nearly six-foot, and rail-thin, which only made her C-cup breasts look larger. Deep, dark lashes surrounded her blue eyes, and her short hair was so black it shimmered in the light. Her skin was very white, and the dark clothes she always wore added to that effect.

Rene thought things were going to change right away after that evening on the phone, but Alana was resistant to the idea. Though Rene had never pressured her friend to "play on the other side" before, the possibility was too close now to just leave alone. Eventually she decided Alana needed to do this at her own pace. In the meantime, Rene would continue to drop some not-so-subtle hints that the offer still stood.

Even now she was trying to think of something cute and clever to say as she walked towards Alana's office. They owned and managed a small moving business together, and were the only ones who actually worked at the office. Rene and Alana both loved that fact, as it allowed them to work more casually, with only occasional visits from customers or employees to interrupt them. Rene turned into the office with a big grin. "Hey--"

Rene was so shocked that she swore she felt her heart stop. Though she caught only a glimpse of Alana's computer screen before it clicked off to a spreadsheet, the image on it was crystal clear: Two sexy, young women in a classic 69. The blonde was completely naked, but the busty brunette wore knee-high black vinyl boots. The blonde's pussy was shaved, and the brunette's tongue was buried in it.

"Oh, hi!" Alana shot back. "You scared me. I thought you were still on the phone."

She was trying to play this off, hoping Rene hadn't seen the monitor.

"Sorry," Rene said, trying to suppress a devilish grin. " I was just about to lock up."

Alana stood up, trying to get in front of the computer, and made a big show of looking busy; shifting papers around, opening and closing desk drawers as if searching for something.

"Okay," Alana said, her voice quick and unsteady. "I'm just about done here...Do we have any more paper for this printer?"

"I think I have some...."

Rene stepped a bit further into the room for another glance at the computer. The taskbar on the bottom was still visible, and it identified two programs as running. One was for the spreadsheet. The other was the Internet, and it read 'Lesbians XXX...'

That little slut! Rene thought to herself, smiling. It was then that Rene knew. Alana was into this, after all. She just didn't know how to approach it. She couldn't talk herself into asking for it, and probably didn't even know how. Well, Rene thought, if Alana won't make the first move, then--

"Oh," Rene said, interrupting her own thoughts. "It's in the other room. Under the counter. I'll get it."

Rene stepped out into the front room and squatted down behind the service counter. There were no shelves or drawers here, the counter was basically just a wall with a top with miscellaneous office junk stacked beneath it. Rene was literally under the counter herself before she found the paper reams. She was still sorting through the mess when the bell on the front door hinge rang. Someone was here. She was about to stand up and greet whoever it was, but Alana beat her to it.

"Hi, sir," Alana said cheerfully, walking toward the counter. "How can I help you?"

Alana stopped so that her crotch was right at Rene's eye level. Normally neither Rene nor Alana would have thought anything of it, but today was going to be different. Rene become short of breath as she considered how to go about doing this, and if she could really get away with it.

Listening to the conversation above, Rene made sure not to move a muscle, so as not to make a sound. This would only work if the customer didn't know she was there. The guy sounded old, and probably had bad hearing, Rene hoped. He also seemed very anal, and not too bright, as Alana had to talk him through every detail of the moving service. Before she finished answering one question, he already had two more, and was being very long winded about it.

Perfect, Rene thought, and she smiled.

Carefully she moved her hands toward Alana's waist. She was wearing a short, beige skirt today. Rene always teased Alana about wearing business attire to the office. She could have just as easily gotten away with old jeans or a pair of shorts, which was what Rene wore today. It seemed funny to Rene now, as a skirt was going to be so much easier to take off than anything else would have been.

Careful not to scare her and blow the whole plot, Rene carefully placed her hands on Alana's hips, and then slid her hands around her waist to her back. Most people would have been able to see over a counter enough to catch this movement, but Rene knew she had been blessed with having the service desk built on a six-inch raised platform. The average person probably couldn't see anything below Alana's bust line.

Alana meanwhile, continued talking with the old man as she grew confused about what the hell Rene was doing down there. At first she thought Rene needed her to get out of the way so she could get up, but when Alana tried to step aside, Rene firmly held her in place. She had almost said something, but didn't want to interrupt the old man, or give him the impression that he didn't have her full attention.

Then the unexpected happened. Alana nearly choked when she felt Rene unhook and unzip the back of her skirt. What the fuck is she doing, she thought. But then she knew, as her skirt was already at her ankles, and Rene's warm little hands were sliding up her smooth, naked calves. Alana took a deep breath and struggled to keep up with the old man's questions. 

She didn't know how to handle this, and worse still, she didn't have a chance to think about it. This guy was potentially going to give them a lot of business, and his impatient demeanor made Alana certain that he would walk right out if she didn't take him very seriously. She was very nervous, but also undeniably aroused.

Below, Rene's hands slid up and around Alana's thighs. Alana told herself that she didn't want this--to be in this position with a customer right there. But she would have been lying to Rene and herself if she had pulled away in disgust. It felt too good, not just physically, but mentally, as well. Rene was releasing all that tension and confusion, and the one big question Alana had been pondering had been finally answered. Despite the uncomfortable situation, Alana wanted this, and the possibilities of what Rene might do next were driving her wild.

Licking her lips, Rene placed her hands on Alana's ass and caressed her through the thin fabric of her white panties. She inhaled deeply, but quietly, and took in the unmistakable scent of her friend's arousal. Leaning forward, Rene put her nose so it was just touching the crotch of Alana's panties. They were already damp. She inhaled again, then stuck out her tongue and licked the fabric between her legs. Alana's whole body jerked in response.

Above, Alana was gripping the edge of the counter so hard that her knuckles were white and strained. It was all she could do to keep her concentration on this man and his conversation. She was breathing heavier now, and if this damn old guy had relaxed for a second, he probably would have noticed Alana's face grow flush.

Rene hooked her fingers around the waistline of the panties and slowly pulled them down. She was very surprised to see that Alana had shaved herself bald. It was an incredible sight to behold--all that smooth, flawless skin surrounding the stunning, velvety folds of the most beautiful vagina Rene had ever seen. The lips were thick and pink, and glistening with Alana's excitement. Her little clit was poking out, begging for attention. Rene was in Heaven, and she was determined to bring Alana along with her.

Dipping her head forward, Rene repeated her previous move by touching the tip of her nose to just above Alana's clit and breathing in. She put her hands back on Alana's ass and squeezed and massaged her cheeks. Rene darted her tongue out again, placing its tip right into the center of Alana's warm pussy folds, and she trembled when she tasted her best friend for the first time.

Alana shuddered, too, and she dropped the pen that she was using to write down the old man's information. He saw it and looked to her, seeing her eyes roll back into her head and then close, just for an instant. Alana tried to recover by holding her hand up to her nose, and pretending to suppress a sneeze.

"Excuse me," she whispered. Then she picked the pen up again and continued. Her free hand was still gripping the counter edge as if her life depended on it.

Rene couldn't hold back any longer, and so she dove in, burying her face into Alana's hot, moist pussy lips. Her nose bumped Alana's clit, and Rene's lips pressed fully against her skin. Her tongue licked madly at her pussy. Rene was so hungry for this that her saliva was already dripping down her chin and down Alana's thighs. She licked and sucked and nibbled, lathering up Alana's cunt with her spit before plunging her tongue deep into her tunnel.

Alana gritted her teeth and bowed her head, desperately trying to hide her facial expressions. She wanted so badly to let loose, to sigh or moan or just plain yell out "Fuck, yes!", but the old man was still there, just two feet away, and completely oblivious. She gripped the edge of the counter with both hands again, and pretended to be thinking.

"Monday," she said. "Monday, Monday, Monday..."

She was supposed to be trying to fit him into the schedule. Alana knew very well that Monday was open, but for the moment, this was as coherent as she was going to get, and she needed to stall or things would get really out of hand.

Under the counter, Rene ate Alana's pussy furiously, and now concentrated on her clit. She flicked it back and forth with her tongue, then up and down, then back and forth again. Then she took the hard little knob between her lips and sucked, gently at first, then harder.

"Monday, Monday...I think....Yes. We can--" Alana mashed her teeth together and slapped the top of the counter. "Yes! We can fit you in," she continued. Her words were quick, loud, and very breathy. She fumbled for the right papers to fill him into the schedule. Then he started talking again, telling his life story or something. Alana hoped he wasn't asking any more questions, because she didn't have the concentration to put any of his words together, let alone her own.

Feigning interest in his story, Alana leaned forward on the countertop. It was really just a way to help herself, however, as her feet lifted off the floor. Still wearing her heels, she spread her legs out wide and found footing on the boxes under the counter. Now Rene had total access, and she took full advantage of it. She stuck her tongue even deeper into Alana's pussy, and Alana responded by moving her hips back and forth against Rene's face. She was breathing very hard now, and beads of sweat collected on her forehead.

Rene was overwhelmed, too. She expected Alana to enjoy this, but wow! This girl was out of control, and yet still keeping her cool. It was so hot. For the first time, Rene took notice of how wet she was herself, and how close was to reaching her own orgasm just by licking her friend. She put one of her hands down her shorts and rubbed at her own clit. Her pussy was soaking wet.

All it took was a few flicks of her finger and Rene had put herself over the edge. She dove madly for Alana's clit and let her tongue stroke it with amazing speed. And just like that, Alana had peaked herself. For the second time in their lives, the two beautiful young women reached unbelievable orgasms together. Rene bucked under the counter, making a sharp thud against its wall. To cover that and her own climax, Alana closed her eyes tightly and shouted out loud.

"Ahh Ahh! Leg cramp!" she exclaimed to the bewildered old man.

She continued moaning and shouting, hoping it was passing off as pain. She shook her body, trying to regain control of herself, but the orgasm would not let up. Her hands still gripped the counter.

"Are you okay?" The old man asked. "Yes!" Alana grunted through clenched teeth. "Oh God yes!"

Below, Rene was still shuddering as she came, and she was still licking Alana's cunt up and down, bumping her clit with her nose. Her whole hand was down her shorts now, massaging her lips as her own orgasm began to subside.

"I used to be a basketball coach," the old man said, looking at Alana worriedly. "I could come around and massage that leg for you--"

"No!" Alana exclaimed, reaching out her hand in the stop position. She was finally well enough to compose herself. "No, but thank you. I think..." She shivered, then leaned back so she was standing on the floor again, though now on rubbery legs. "Yeah, I think it's gone. I'm okay now."

Rene gave Alana's clit one last, very soft kiss, then backed away. She leaned back against the counter wall, smiled, sighed, and waited.

Alana finished helping the man while her skirt and panties lay in a pile at her feet. Once he was gone, she squatted down to face Rene. Neither of them knew what to say, and so there was a long moment of silence. Then Alana smiled, leaned forward and kissed Rene full on the mouth.