 Standard disclosure: all fictional characters, all over 18. This is a personally produced work. Any questions, contact the author. Enjoy.

*

Finally, I had a day off. I'd been working for the last eight days straight, so that I could take the long weekend off to go camping. I was going with my...friend Jade, and her boyfriend Ben. We had rented a spot just next to the lake, right off the beach, and had three full days of relaxing and drinking planned. It was still supposed to be sunny and hot, but it was the last weekend forecasted to be so for a while, and I was very much looking forward to it.

We weren't leaving until the next morning, but I had taken an early shift specifically because Jade wanted me to go shopping with her for some new clothes. I personally didn't see the point of buying anything special for a camping trip, but she didn't want to go alone, and, to be honest, I rarely said no, (as by now you may have noticed) to the chance to do anything with her.

To be fair, I'm not sure if I could have said no if I wanted to. I flashed back to a week earlier, when she had made me promise to never say no to her. She had spent hours teasing and sensually torturing me to get that promise out of me, but I wasn't going to go back on it if I could help it, and I didn't want to disappoint her even if I hadn't promised. 

However, since that time, she hadn't mentioned it again, or even started something sexually with me, and I had seen her four or five times since. But then again, I guess this was the first time we had been by ourselves, (not counting the other mall customers) since that time. I met her at the mall wondering exactly where this was going. She didn't have me wondering for very long...

We spent a half hour just wandering through the clothing stores, Jade picking out and trying on various things. She was wearing a light sundress, a look that I didn't think I could pull off, as I didn't have the long legs she did, but made her look even more stunning. Still, she must have tried on a dozen new things. I didn't really see the point, as I mentioned earlier. This wasn't exactly a fancy event we were going to. I did enjoy the chance to watch her model her amazing body every time she tried a new tank top or pair of shorts though. Fuck, she really was perfect. Long legs, perky tits, and an ass to die for! And when she looked at me with those piercing brown eyes, I always thought I was going to go weak and collapse on the spot.

Eventually, we made it to the swimwear section. This at least made more sense, as we were going to a lake with a particularly nice beach. She took a long while searching, but eventually she decided on one, and I followed her to the changing room. She held it up, it was a small black bikini, there wasn't anything special about the material or design, but it was definitely small. Not many women could pull it off, but I was practically salivating at the thought of it on her gorgeous body. "What do you think?" she asked me.

"It's nice, I like it, but aren't you going to try it on?" I said.

She opened the door, smiling. "No, you are." She then pushed me in, following, and closing the door behind us before I could react or respond.

"No fucking way, I...I can't wear something like that!" I stammered.

Jade ran her free hand through my hair, stroking it while she told me, in a quiet but firm voice, "Oh yes you can, and you will, my girl. I seem to recall that you promised that you'd do anything I wanted from now on, didn't you?" As she said this, she started to lightly graze one fingernail down the side of my neck and down my throat. She's taller than me, so I was looking up at her beautiful face and the confident look upon it.

"I...um...ok." I whispered out as Jade pushed the bikini into my hands. She sat down on the small bench to watch as I nervously shimmied out of my clothes in the small room. I turned my back on her, I don't even know why, she'd already seen everything before, but I was still too shy to face her that casually. I tied the swimsuit closed, one tie at the front of the top, and another at each hip, thinking all the while how ridiculous I was going to look. However, when I finally took a long, deep breath and turned to face Jade, I saw the most incredible look of lust on her face.

"Oh my fucking God, you look...amazing, Kat!" she blurted out. "That's...that's perfect."

Her near-outburst shocked me out of my nervousness for a second. "What? No, there's no way!" I whirled to look at the full-length mirror behind me. "Look, it doesn't hide anything!"

Jade rose and stood behind me, she bent to whisper to me, I could feel her breath against my ear and neck. "And why would you want to hide any of this?"

"Well..." I put a hand to my chest. "My..."

"Your tits are perfect, angel. Not too big, not too small, and nice and perky. Just the way I like them. The way everyone likes them."

"But," I stammered, turning sideways, "my ass, it's too big for this..."

"No, baby, your ass isn't big. It's just round. You've just got these fantastic firm asscheeks," she said as she cupped my ass in her hands for emphasis. "I don't think you understand, but you have an amazing body and you just don't realize it."

I'd never thought any of this before, I knew I wasn't out of shape or anything, but I'd never thought as highly of myself as Jade was talking about right now. Still, she was a ten. Hell, an eleven. If she thought all this, she couldn't be wrong, could she? Regardless, this swimsuit still wasn't me at all. I tried one last tactic, "I can't wear this in front of other people, I mean, Ben...and..."

Jade interrupted, "Have you forgotten already? Ben's seen you in much less than this. He's seen you wearing nothing at all. Remember? The first time you got to taste my pussy?"

I blushed. I put my head down and nodded softly. Fuck, I remembered that. I couldn't stop remembering that. She continued, "And then the first time I got to taste your sweet little cunt, you remember that too?" Her hands were roaming my body now, touching me lightly everywhere, never stopping on any one spot.

I nodded again. Jade stepped around in front of me. "Remember that you promised to do anything at all that I wanted from then on, right?" I nodded one more time, barely noticeable. "No, you look at me," her hands slipped inside the bikini cups as her fingers began to lightly pinch my little pink nipples. "Tell me now, did you mean it? Are you going to do anything I tell you?"

It nearly sounded like a squeak. "Yes....I will." I thought my head was going to explode with embarrassment and exhilaration. How did she always have this effect on me? How could I never say no to her? 

She pinched just a little harder, making me shiver. "Good girl, now you come here and listen carefully." Jade backed up to the small bench, sitting down, she pulled me to my knees in front of her, still looking up slightly at her as her hands began to fully caress my tits. The sensations were amazing, I could barely concentrate on her words. "Yes, Ben's going to see you in this, and do you know why? Because you have a fantastic body and you are going to learn to show it off properly. Ben is going to see it, and any nearby campers or beachgoers are going to see it too. Your tight body is going to have every pussy wet and every cock hard that sees it, because I am not going to let you wear one single other piece of clothing the entire time we're at the campsite or beach." 

Her hands were firmer now, squeezing my tits and rubbing down my sides to my hips with the firm grasp of someone that knows they're in control. "Once we get there, you'll change into this and I'm going to lock everything else you own in the trunk. You are going to spend the next three days on display to anyone that wants to look."

Without any thought of my own, my mouth expressed exactly what I was thinking. "Fuck..." I breathed, barely a whisper. My head was spinning. We weren't exactly going to be on a crowded resort beach, but people were going to walk by now and then. How many over three days? Fifty? A hundred? Okay, probably less. Ten, fifteen, maybe. But they were all going to see me wearing practically nothing? I wanted to object, I really did, but...fuck, I couldn't. Not honestly. My fucking bikini bottom was soaked. (Guess I was buying it.) I could do it. I could. For Jade, I could do anything. But, oh God, please let that be all she asks of me.

She was reading my mind, it must have shown in my eyes. She continued, "Don't worry, as long as you listen to me, that's all you'll have to do. Just enjoy the sun, relax, have a few drinks, and don't worry about all the people staring at my gorgeous girl. Now, before they start to wonder why we're in here so long, why don't you get a taste, heh, of what you'll be enjoying in our tent." With that, she leaned back, slowly pulled up her dress and spread her legs. Her tight shaved pussy was already glistening, she was clearly worked up from the thoughts of this weekend as well.

I knew what was expected of me, and I was too horny at this point to resist anyways. I dove right into her wet pussy. She had made me remember that we were in a public dressing room, and eventually someone would come and investigate or overhear us. I wanted to get my clothes back on and not take that risk, but obviously the only way would be to satisfy Jade first.

Her hands were again moving on my body, but now she couldn't reach much. She was able to reach my tits, but not much more than that. She cupped them and squeezed them occasionally, or ran her hands through my hair and down my shoulders. Sometimes she pulled her nails across my upper back. I barely noticed any of it, I just wanted to touch her. My hands had much more freedom, they were all over her body. I caressed her toned thighs and calves, lightly spreading her even wider for my hungry mouth to devour her. 

"Fuck Kat, that's...ahhh...perfect!" Jade yelped out, I was proud to see that she was enjoying herself so much so quickly. I was just trying to make her come hard and fast, both because I wanted her and because I wanted to get dressed and out of there. "Goddamn, you are such a hot fucking bitch! We are going to have so much fun this weekend!"

I barely heard her. My tongue was possessed, I was swirling around her clit and up and down her wetness like my life depended on it. I wanted to have her every day. I was nearly shocked when she suddenly sat up straight and leaned forward, bringing her pussy to the far extent of my reach. "What are you..." I began.

"Just missing a little something here," she replied.

Jade reached for the ties on the front of my top, and on my hips. She gave them each a quick tug. One, two, three. Just like that, the top was hanging off of my shoulders, and the bottom was around my thighs. I was now totally naked for her, and as she slid that wet pussy back towards me, I couldn't stop myself from thinking, "Oh fuck, she can do that whenever she wants all weekend." I would never have guessed it beforehand, but deep inside, I loved the way she was acting. She wasn't being disrespectful, but she was completely in control. She was pushing me a little further every time, opening me up to new ideas I had never considered before. I'd always thought of myself as somewhat of a prude, but that wasn't truly it at all. I just needed someone to take a firm hand and start things, just as she was doing now.

I dove back into her wetness with all the enthusiasm I had before. My fingers were spreading her wide with one hand, while the other reached up to her small tits. She never wore a bra and I loved the access I had right then. Soon, I lost track of time totally as my hands explored her body and my mouth dedicated itself to making her come.

Jade was nearly whimpering now, trying to hold back any loud noises while I pushed her closer and closer. I had the wild thought of "Who's in control now, bitch?" as I tried to push her over the edge. I realized now that this was the control I had. She could tell me what to do, but I could turn her into a helpless, thrashing woman with my touch. My fingers were already soaked from rubbing her pussy, so I slid two inside her without a pause. She jumped as though shocked and was barely able to contain the yelp of pleasure she let out.

That was it, I was going to drive her over the edge right there. My fingers were a blur inside of her, my tongue circled her clit again and again. I could feel her pussy contract around my fingers as she got closer and closer. She was nearly holding my head in place now as my other hand slid under her ass to pull her even tighter to my mouth.

Jade orgasmed all the harder for not being able to shout it out, she was biting it back, but I could hear her over and over "Fuck...fuck yes, fuck me...make me come, fucking do it... come on...yes, yes.....yes!" She nearly shouted out the last as her hips bucked against my face, her little shaved cunt clamping down on my fingers deep inside of her. I could barely keep my mouth on her as she moved, but I was dedicated to seeing her all the way through her orgasm.

As she finally started to come down from her explosion, I just rocked back to sit on my heels and watch this beautiful girl. I watched her come to her senses and look down at me as though she had nearly forgotten I was there. Her face lit up and she sank to her knees with me. She kissed me, long and deep, tasting the wetness she had left behind. Our arms wrapped around each other, roaming only a little, holding each other close. I knew then that she didn't see me as simply a toy, but as someone she cared very much for that just needed to be taught. God, this woman was perfect.

Eventually, we caught our breath and slowly got back to our feet, shakily as though we'd run miles even though we couldn't have been more than fifteen minutes in there. "Ok...whew... we better get you dressed before someone checks on us," she said, as she was already covered again once her dress settled back down. She gave me one last appraising look up and down and said, "Fuck, I love you in that. Ben, hell, everyone is going to love you in that, don't you think?"

The butterflies in my stomach were drowned by the wetness of my pussy. "Anything you say..." I replied with a smile.