 As I reach the bridge, I can already see her waiting for me by the rocky stream below. I slow my pace and catch my breath. She's leaning against a tree, looking at her phone impatiently. Her navy dress is blowing softly in the breeze. It's tight in all the right places and tumbles gracefully over her tiny hips. She looks up and catches my eye, and my heart jumps into my throat. I hurry down the muddy footpath so carelessly I nearly slip and fall. She's grinning and laughing at me.

"What kept you?"

Her eyes are smiling, but there's a sharpness in her voice. I reach into my pocket and pull out a chocolate bar. It's melted in the heat, but she still smiles appreciatively when I give it to her.

"Sorry I'm so late."

"You'd better be." Her voice is an uncharacteristic deep growl and she narrows her eyes playfully. "I've been here nearly half an hour."

"I'll make it up to you?"

She lets the chocolate bar slip through her fingers onto the crunchy autumn leaves, and takes a firm grip on my wrist. She guides my hand over the buttons on her chest, lightly brushing her nipples through the soft cotton, and drags my fingertips down over her hips to the smooth, warm flesh of her thigh. With a self-conscious giggle, she pulls my hand towards her crotch, and my fingers close around something cool, soft and cylindrical.

With a sharp intake of breath, I melt inside as I realise what I'm holding. She puts her hand to my cheek and gently tugs on a stray strand of hair. Her lips are slightly parted, and it feels like I'm being reeled in towards her by some invisible string. She runs her fingers through my hair as she leans forward to kiss me. I can feel her lips smiling against mine as I press her back against the tree. I grip the dildo tightly, and pull it gently. A hungry moan escapes her lips, and I kiss her fiercely.

"Not here," she whispers, and our surroundings come back into focus. There's a car driving over the bridge, and the footpath is just public enough to feel uncomfortable.

"I hope nobody saw us," I say with a laugh, but part of me is turned on by the risk.

She shakes her head, bends down and puts the chocolate into her bag. When she takes my hand to lead me away, all I can think about is what's neatly hidden beneath her loose skirt. It only takes the warmth of her fingers closed around mine to send the blood rushing to my clit, and by the time she's pulled me into a quiet patch of woods, I'm desperate to have those same fingers inside me.

She's come prepared with a picnic blanket. She comes up behind me and her kisses tickle the small of my back. The dildo briefly presses against my bum, but before I can get excited about it, she's gone again, smoothing out the blanket over the leaves.

"Sit down," she says. She doesn't give orders often, but today it suits her. I do exactly as she says, and my breath catches in my throat as I wait for her next move.

She begins by unlacing my boots. One hand fumbles with my laces, while the other teases at my thigh through my dirty jeans. She tosses my boots aside into the undergrowth, and kneels between my legs. The purple head of the dildo is peeking out from under her skirt, and a fresh wave of desire breaks over me. Her smile says that she knows she's toying with me.

She turns her attention to my top. She pulls it up slowly, and her hot, wet mouth explores my breasts and nipples. I wriggle out of it and throw it away. She draws back and I wonder if she's going to make me beg, but then she pushes me back, and her lips brush over my stomach. She undoes my belt, struggles briefly with the button, and then she's pulling down my jeans. Her fingers and lips take turns at tracing over my tangle of pubic hair, and I shiver involuntarily.

She knows I'm putty in her hands, but she still asks if I want her. Yes isn't a strong enough word.

Her hot tongue is perfection on my lips. I moan as it finds my clit. The slow strokes feel incredible, but I'm hungry for more. Her finger teases at my cunt for what feels like forever before she finally slips it inside me. I don't want her to stop, but the sensation is so overwhelmingly good I don't want to come either. Suddenly she draws away and leaves me aching so much it's painful.

She comes forward and kisses me with her wet, musky face, and then draws back with a grin. She pulls her hoodie out of her bag and I lift up my hips so she can put it under me. She pulls up her skirt and strokes the head of the dildo. She rips open a condom, and puts it on with one smooth movement.

She leans forward slightly and the dildo brushes my lips. She traces it over me, rubbing my clit teasingly, before she pushes it inside me. I gasp as she leans forward and thrusts deep inside me. Her eyes roll back in her head as the other end rubs inside her and our pleasure synchronises. Watching each other seems to work us both up; we're struggling to be quiet, biting our lips and biting each other.

She kneels back up and rubs my clit as she fucks me. She's looking at me in satisfied wonder; she's amazed at how much I'm enjoying this and there's a smug smile stretched across her face. I feel self-conscious suddenly, but she tells me I'm beautiful and brings me back to the moment. I tell her I love her. I tell her all kinds of things, and the affirmation of my love for her brings me over the edge. I writhe and moan and try not to scream as we ride the waves of my orgasm together.

She smiles at me and plants fierce kisses all over my body, as my arms reach out to her, to cuddle away the vulnerability. She lies next to me and I nuzzle into her shoulder, kissing her gently through the soft fabric of her dress. My cunt is pulsing, and although my knees are weak, I can't wait to get her back - but for now, I lie back and gaze blissfully at the sky.