 "Bless me father, for I have sinned..." 

Those were the words I was dreading. I couldn't say them. Mass was extra long today, and every word sounded like a pronouncement that I was going to hell. The girls crowded around outside the confessional, talking in small groups and snapping their gum. We were supposed to be standing in a quiet line saying the Rosary, but Sister Abby had taken someone to see Mother Superior and we were momentarily without supervision.

"I can't do this," I whispered to Erica. She was sitting against the wall, her knees up, with a copy of one of the Gossip Girls tucked into her geography book. I could see her panties—which wasn't unusual, in an all-girls school where we were required to wear skirts, we often got careless—but it made me remember yesterday in the worst way.

"Do what?" she murmured, not looking up from her book.

I nudged her hip with one of my Mary Jane's, hissing: "Confession!" 

She looked up then, puzzled. "Why not? Swearing, lustful thoughts, self-flagellation, blah blah blah, thirty Hail Mary's and ten Our Father's later, and you're all set. What's the big deal?"

I stared at her, blinking and speechless. 

"Well fine," she said, standing and brushing off the back of her skirt. "Then let's make like Casper."

"Cutting class?" I groaned. "Adding yet another sin to my growing list? Not helping!"

"Okay." She shrugged. "So you're ready to go in there and tell Father Michael about our little porn-watching session yesterday?"

"Shhhh!" I put my hand over her mouth, looking over at the group of girls closest to us to see if they'd heard anything. "You're evil!"

"Perfect timing," she said, glancing around. "Sister Abby's gone, and I know I'm not up for one of Sister Helen's usual lectures on the Church's revisionist history—I don't care what they say, Jesus was clearly a Jew."

The confessional door opened behind us and I sighed as another girl went in. I couldn't—I just couldn't. It wasn't just that we had looked at the magazines and watched the movies, or even that we'd masturbated together. That was bad enough, but sitting in the dark and telling Father Michael the thoughts I was having about Mr. Nolan!? No way... the prospect made me feel weak with dread.

"Okay," I agreed, grabbing Erica's arm. "Let's do it."

"Leah!" It was Erica's turn to sound shocked. "Seriously?"

I nodded, grabbing my backpack off the floor, saying loudly, "Let's go to the bathroom."

Erica snickered as we left the church proper and went into the breezeway. "Good cover."

"I'm no expert," I agreed. "So how do we get out without being seen, Houdini?"

"Follow me," she said, and I did, down the corridor and through a door.

"Where are we?"

"Storage room," she answered, making her way through a maze of shelves with all sorts of vestments, candles and candle lighters, and statues. 

The whole nativity scene was stacked into a corner, the baby Jesus wrapped in a shroud in the manger. The oddest thing was the hundreds of boxes full of heavenly host. I stared at them as we passed, looked at the stamped sides: Cavanagh Communion Hosts 1 1/8", marked either with "white" or "wheat" flavor.

Erica grinned back at me when she saw me looking at the boxes. "Do you think Christ was white or wheat?"

"You are so going to hell," I replied, but couldn't help grinning, too. We were nearing a door at the back of the room and she pulled it open, heading down a dark flight of stairs.

"Where are we?" I asked, feeling my way down, holding onto the railing. 

"Church basement, now," she replied, waiting for me at the bottom. "Bobby meets me here sometimes."

"Oh my God!" I gasped, mentally adding my taking the Lord's name in vain to my list of sins for the week. It was a small trespass, considering. "He'd be shot on sight if they found him!"

"No one finds him," she assured me as I followed her through the dark basement. There were small windows near the top of the concrete walls that let in a little, shadowy light. 

Around the corner, Erica pulled open another door and waved me through. 

"What is this?" There were cots all along each side of the long, narrow walls of the room we stepped into.

"Old storm cellar-slash-bomb shelter, I think," she replied, starting up the ladder to our left and pressing on the door above her head. "Either that, or this is where they do all the experiments on the really bad kids."

I snorted, following her up the ladder and waiting as she pressed at the door. We were in our uniforms, of course, and I could see right up her skirt from this angle and the flash of white panties made me remember yesterday. 

"They leave this open?" I asked, wincing at the brightness as she finally heaved the door open with a little grunt of effort.

"Bobby broke the lock."

I shook my head, incredulous, as she gave me a hand up and swung the door shut again. We were standing just outside the brick wall that surrounded the entire school, making it like some prison fortress. The storm cellar was a slanted thing made of long planks and painted brown to blend in with the brick. 

"And we're home free," she said, grabbing my hand and swinging it. "Let's go to my house and do something we'll have to confess later."

"I'm boycotting confession," I replied, glancing over my shoulder as if someone might be watching us. 

"Come on, there are yummy rewards for being bad," she said, squeezing my fingers. "We don't even have to miss the first fifteen minutes of General Hospital today!"

She had a point. We made good use of that last hour that we should have been in school, stopping by the corner store and picking up two Hershey's, a bag of chips, and two Mountain Dews and then curled up on Erica's sofa and pigged out while we watched the entire episode of GH without interruption. It was a real treat. 

Erica flipped the TV off and stretched, her blouse pulling out of the waistband of her skirt, revealing her tummy. "Whatcha wanna do now?"

"We should do homework," I answered, my head filled with the memory of watching her play with her vibrator. I tried to push the thought away, but I couldn't when she sat cross-legged in her skirt, her panties clearly visible underneath. 

"Now, what kind of fun would that be?" She rolled her eyes. "If you're gonna skip school, you gotta make it worth it!"

"Well... you should show me more of your dad's collection." I couldn't believe it was me who mentioned it first. I'd sworn I wasn't going to even think about it, let alone ask about it.

She grinned. "Now we're talking. Come on."

We left our wrappers and empty bottles strewn all over the sofa and headed upstairs. My pussy was already pulsing in anticipation. 

"What about your dad?" The clock on Mr. Nolan's night table read 4:05 p.m. and the workday ended at five.

"Late night, tax season," she explained, reaching under the bed and pulling out both boxes. "Here we are, a veritable smorgasbord of porn for your viewing pleasure."

"Where do you think he got all this?" I asked, opening one of the boxes and sifting through magazines with names like Pleasure, Private, Ero, and Club Seventeen. They were definitely not names I'd heard before, but the pictures were graphic and shocking—and unbelievably arousing. 

"I think they're all foreign," Erica said, opening the video box. "At least, the magazines are. He probably ordered them."

"Do you get stuff in the mail in plain brown wrappers?" I asked, opening up to a page to find a woman kneeling in front of a man, her lips wrapped around his cock. Just the sight of it made my pussy contract.

"Yep, all the time," she replied, pulling a tape out and popping it in. She flopped down on the bed with the remote. "Come on, I want you to see this one."

Abandoning the magazine, I crawled up next to her as she fast forwarded through the credits, settling myself on a pillow as the two girls on screen sat out in their backyard in bikinis and talked about their boyfriends and how unsatisfied they were with their sex lives. 

"I thought you didn't like the dialogue," I said, glancing at Erica.

"It doesn't last long," she replied, and I noticed that she had her hand up under her skirt and my belly clenched, imagining what she was doing under there.

I wanted to touch myself, too, but in the light of day, I just couldn't seem to bring myself to do it. On the screen, the girls were sitting up, their knees touching, and I stared as one leaned forward and kissed the other.

"Oh my God," I whispered, watching their tongues tangle together. The redhead reached out to slip her hand under the bikini top of the blonde as they kissed. "Erica, what are they doing?"

"It gets better," she murmured, her eyes on the screen. I could see her hand moving under her skirt and I squeezed my thighs together, feeling a hot throb between my legs.

The girls on the screen were naked in no time, kissing and rubbing up against each other on one of the lounge chairs. The blonde was licking the redhead's fat, pink nipples, making her moan and touch her own pussy. Glancing over at Erica and seeing that she wasn't paying attention to me, I slid my hand down, moving my skirt aside so I could cup my mound—just to ease the ache a little bit.

"Watch," Erica whispered, and the movement under her skirt was faster, now, as the television revealed a scene to me I never thought I'd believe was arousing—but it was. The blonde was between the redhead's legs, spreading her pussy lips open with her fingers, and beginning to lick her there. She had a sparse triangle of red hair between her legs that glistened in the sun with her juices.

"Isn't that hot?" Erica asked, and I watched as her other hand snuck up under her blouse, moving over her breast. 

I nodded, but didn't say anything, feeling my pussy through my damp panties and aching to touch my clit. The redhead was moaning loudly, playing with her own nipples as the blonde licked and sucked at her pussy. I closed my eyes, feeling that hot tingle between my legs, but I couldn't escape it—the wet sounds and moaning from the television were too compelling.

"Does it really feel that good?" I gulped, pushing my panties aside. I couldn't help it, my pussy was so swollen and wet and aching to be touched. 

"Oh, Leah, you have no idea." Erica's breath was coming faster, her skirt was pulled up, and I could see her hand working underneath her panties. "I wish I had a tongue right now..."

The redhead was moaning, "Don't stop, don't stop!" and the blonde licked faster, pumping her fingers in and out. Tentatively, I slid a finger into my pussy as I watched, rubbing my clit with my thumb. It felt so good I could barely stand it—but I couldn't stop. The girl on screen was cumming, her body shaking with it, her eyes closed and head thrown back. 

"They take turns," Erica whispered as she started pulling her panties down. She opened her knees wide as she touched herself, her fingers making wet noises, and I watched them dip down inside of her. 

Sure enough, on screen, the blonde was lying down now, and the redhead was between her legs. The hair between the blonde's legs was like Erica's, sparse and curly and light and her pussy was a deep, dark pink, her lips fat and swollen.

"Oh god, that feels so good," Erica murmured, and I couldn't help watching her rock with it, her eyes closing as she bit her lip. 

My hand moved even faster over my pussy, seeing her shirt riding up, her nipple peeking over where she had her bra pulled down. I had that urge again to lick it as I leaned up on my elbow and watched her, but this time I didn't stop myself. Leaning in, I feathered a kiss on the tip and heard her gasp, her eyes flying open.

"I'm sorry," I apologized, my belly clenching, seeing the shock on her face.

She moaned. "Do it again.... oh, please..."

The longing in her voice made me lean back in, this time with my tongue, licking her nipple. She moaned again, whispering, "Ohhh yes," and arched her back. Her nipples were pink and hardened like little pebbles. I licked back and forth, around and around, watching the pleasure on her face. 

"Oh Leah," she gasped, her fingers making a wet squelch as she fucked her pussy with them. I latched onto her nipple, sucking it into my mouth, the ache between my legs growing like a fever, making me crazy. "Oh make me cum, I'm gonna cum!"

And she was, shuddering and trembling and arching, her hand shoved deep between her legs, my tongue working her nipple for all I was worth. I wanted to cum, too, but didn't, pressing my whole hand over my mound as she climaxed, just holding the feeling there between my thighs. Watching her orgasm was powerful, stunning, and knowing I had a part in it was even more exciting.

"Oh my god," she murmured, her hand resting on her belly now, wet with her juices. "That felt soooo good."

"It looked like it," I replied softly and she met my eyes, smiling. 

"Want me to make you feel good, too?" she asked, leaning up on her elbow and pressing me flat on the bed. "It's only fair we take turns."

I hesitated, shaking my head, but she was pulling my blouse up, my bra down, and had her mouth on my breast before I could say anything at all. Her tongue was like liquid fire over my nipple, and her hand sought the other one, too, rubbing it hard through my bra.

"Erica!" I gasped, looking down to see her mouth working as she sucked my nipple in deep. "Oh, god!"

I had to touch myself. I had to, I didn't have a choice. The feeling between my legs was too great, too much to ignore. I struggled my panties down, and she helped me, too, tugging them past my knees and putting her hand on my thigh as I began to rub my clit in fast circles. Her tongue made the same pattern over my nipple, sending shockwaves through my body, right down between my legs.

When I felt her fingers parting me, I gasped, my eyes flying open. I started to protest until she slid them inside, working them in and out as I rubbed myself. It felt too good for me to say no. I could hear the two girls on the TV, moaning and crying out, but I couldn't open my eyes to watch. I was too distracted by Erica's mouth and hand. 

"Do you really want to know what a tongue feels like?" she whispered against my breast. I met her eyes, and saw how hungry she was and wondered if I looked that way, too, when I was watching her. "I'll do it to you... do you want me to?"

I groaned, contemplating just what exactly was a mortal sin, as the heat between my thighs went from blazing to white-hot at the thought. 

I shook my head, but the word that came out of my mouth was, "Yes!"

Before I knew what was happening, she was between my legs, and the sensation of her tongue moving between my lips was like nothing I had imagined. It was beyond pleasure, really. There weren't words for how good it felt when her soft, eager tongue found my clit and started licking there. 

"Oh Jesus, Mary and Joseph," I moaned, my head going back, letting myself go completely, I knew I couldn't stop it if I tried. Her fingers moved in and out of my wetness and she lapped and sucked at my clit, making soft wet sounds between my legs. She made an encouraging noise in her throat, reaching her other hand up under my blouse to tug at my nipple, increasing the sensation more than I thought was possible.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god!" I cried, arching and twisting against her. It felt so good, I never wanted it to end. My pussy was throbbing under her mouth, and I knew I couldn't hold back, even as much as I wanted to. She was going to make me cum, her tongue moving fast, back and forth over my clit, her fingers keeping the same rhythm, urging me on.

"Erica!" I gasped, wanting to somehow give her a warning, or to express to her how good it felt, how incredible it was, but all that I could manage was, "Now!" 

My whole body shuddered and thrust against her as I came, and her tongue moved even faster, the vibration of her moaning against my pussy making my climax even more intense. It went on and on, my pussy contracting around her fingers, drawing them in deeper, my clit fluttering against her lapping tongue. When the tremors began to subside, she rested her cheek against my thigh, her hair tickling me there.

I couldn't open my eyes, too overwhelmed with feeling—and shame. How could I have let her do that? In the wake of the sensation, rational thought finally returned. She was moving up next to me, her breath warm against my cheek, and there was a musky kind of smell on her breath that I knew was from having her face buried between my thighs.

"Didn't it feel good?" she asked, pressing the length of her body against mine. 

I nodded, not opening my eyes. Good wasn't the word for it. I swallowed hard, still a little breathless, and that's when I felt her lips touching mine. They were soft, warm, and wet. Her whole face was wet—her cheeks, her chin. My eyes flew open when her tongue touched mine, and the taste in her mouth was tangy and strange.

"You taste good," she whispered, breaking the kiss and looking at me. Her eyes searched mine, hungry, pleading. "Can it be my turn now?"

I bit my lip, feeling something tighten in my belly. 

"Please?" She rolled off me, pulling up her skirt and spreading her lips. Her pussy glistened, and her finger nudged her clit, showing me. "Just right here. Just lick it a little."

Shaky, I sat up and knelt between her legs, looking down at her. She looked almost shy, like she was afraid I would say no, and that decided me. I stretched out between her thighs, spreading them wider to make room for me, the skin there so soft it was shocking against my palms. 

"Here," she said again, her finger pointing to the small, hooded nub of flesh. 

I took a deep breath and touched my tongue to it, moving just the tip back and forth as she spread herself wide. The taste wasn't much different from what I'd tasted in her mouth. The smell was kind of musky, and her curly blonde hairs tickled my nose a little. 

"Oh Leah," she moaned, arching, pressing up against my tongue. "Yes, yes, like that!"

The sounds she made were encouraging and I moved my tongue faster, sinking deeper into her flesh. She moaned louder, rolling her hips, encouraging me to do circles, and I licked her that way, my tongue flat, moving around and around. Her breath came faster, and she moved her hands up to her breasts, pulling on her nipples as I licked her. 

Her swollen pussy lips swallowed mine now that she wasn't spreading herself open, and I had to really move in, now, to keep on her clit, my nose pressed against the soft hairs of her mound. Between my own saliva and her juices, I felt like I was drowning, and all I could do was swallow as I tried to keep up that same, fast rhythm against her clit.

"That's it," she whispered, looking down at me, her eyes just slits. "You're doing it... oh god, Leah, you're gonna make me cum again."

The power in those words was incredible and my own pussy contracted, aching, as she started to climax, and I could feel the quiver of her against my lapping tongue as she moaned and rocked against my mouth. Her hands pulled at me then, and I moved from between her legs, coming to lay next to her on the bed. 

"Mmmmmm..." Her hands were moving over her thighs like they had after her orgasm the day before, just petting herself lightly. She looked over at me and smiled. "Doesn't it feel good to be bad?"

I touched my lips, still wet with her juices, and nodded. I had to admit—it really did.