 I began working with Ms Blake about 18 months ago. It's a fairly straightforward job, a little hectic at times, but what job isn't? Not only did I work daily for her, but there were times when I went beyond the call of duty, not that I minded that in the slightest! She's a thoughtful employer and paid me more than the going rate for any overtime that I did, and it wasn't as if she didn't appreciate the effort I put in - I knew that she did by the small gifts of flowers, chocolates or CDs that she would occasionally present to me all expensively wrapped!

She is a busy single mother working in her father's global haulage, removal and storage business and switched from being at the headquarters to working from home whenever she felt like it. Basically she has free reign in the hours she works. I guess I'm probably her personal assistant, but as I haven't any qualifications or had the experience of working for anyone else in that way, the title of P.A. was not officially given to me. Sometimes though, when she introduced me to clients she would refer to me as being her 'right-hand' girl. I would inwardly smile whenever I heard her say it, and I think she knew that too because her eyes would glance over at me with a twinkle.

I've worked a few jobs before and when Ms Blake first spoke to me I was on one of the many reception desks at the business. I guess in a way she had poached me from her father! She overheard me talking to one of my colleagues as I wrote a scribbled note onto a pile of papers. I was telling them that I loved the job, but wished there was more to it than just sitting behind the desk. I wanted something that incorporated a change of scenery now and then. I'd only been there 8 months and already felt the signs of tedium working their way through me. 

When I grabbed the papers and stood up, Ms Blake was standing on the other side of the counter smiling. I went to apologise to her, knowing that she was the boss's daughter, although I wasn't sure why I felt the need to apologise, after all, it wasn't her I worked for, but she interrupted me thank god! I knew that if she hadn't I would have just stammered and beamed a shade of crimson. She simply said, "I'll see what I can do..."

And here I was, 18 months later, working alongside her, and it was definitely a change of scenery! 

Ms Blake was 43, although to look at her you'd never have thought it. She had flawless skin that required only minimal make-up and her hair was a mass of dark spirally curls that bounced over her shoulders and swayed from left to right as she walked. She was about 5ft 9 in her black patent heels and when she wore her black skirts she always accompanied them with stockings that had the black seam running down the back of her legs. 

She mainly wore knee length skirts, but sometimes she wore skirts that were a little higher, and on those occasions I've noticed her lace stocking tops show as she sat down, crossed legged, on her big soft-cushioned leather chair! She wears a variety of colours where her fitted shirts are concerned and she seems to like having her cleavage teasingly noticeable. Her blouses are never buttoned above where her two soft and abundant mounds sumptuously meet! When you're relatively close to her you can practically see the swell of those luscious fleshy breasts. 

She separated from her husband when their daughter, Harriett, was 6 years old. Harriett is now 15 and regularly goes to stay with her dad at weekends or during the school holidays. She loves going to visit him as he spoils her rotten. It's all shopping, parties and sleepovers, but when she's at home with her mum there is more of a routine, with her education being the priority over the shopping etc! I tend to be her chauffeur when she goes to her friends or wants to go shopping. It's not unusual for me to be seen in Ms Blake's luxurious Mercedes ferrying half a dozen gossiping, giggling teenagers to and fro their shopping haunts and each other's houses for weekend sleepovers!

I had just turned 27 when I began to work for Ms Blake, and at 28 now, I'm also single, and have been for a while now. My life probably revolves around Ms Blake 24/7, and you can bet your life that any free time I do have will more than likely end up with her calling me up on my mobile if she can't reach me at home. I'm basically on call, whatever time, day or night, but I like that. I don't know what it is, and I wouldn't do it for anyone else, but I enjoy being at her beck and call. My friends and family all sarcastically mention that I spend more time with Ms Blake than with them. And they're not wrong!

I've always admired her. She's strong, confident and assertive, without being aggressive or bolshy with it, and she has always been caring and considerate towards me - always likes to know what I've been up to on the rare days or nights that I'm not with her. The last couple of months though she has haunted my thoughts as I've slipped into bed -- nothing major, but the first thing I see in my mind as I close my eyes is Ms Blake!

This is a fairly new thing for me as I've never been attracted to a woman before. I can appreciate their bodies, the curve of their hips, the shape of their breasts, and the roundness of their bottoms, but I've never thought about kissing or touching a woman. I've had boyfriends in the past, but the relationships amounted to nothing more than a year, and thinking back, they weren't 'that' fulfilling, as if something was missing! The thoughts of her don't scare or repulse me because I ashamedly get a certain pleasure from thinking about her - I become warm and tingly inside - so I guess it's a fear of unknown territory that panics me a touch.

I have managed to push my thoughts aside when daylight comes around and I'm back in the real world, working alongside her... or at least I think I do!

Ms Blake, as far as I know, has only had a couple of liaisons with men since the break-up of her marriage, but I definitely know that she hasn't had anyone since I began working for her, unless of course she brings them back here when I'm not around, or she goes to them on her occasional nights out. She certainly hasn't given off the vibe that she is into women, although I probably wouldn't notice that and she hasn't given me any reason to think that anyway!

Her office in the house is situated on the ground floor and is quite a large room. It's airy and light, with a heavy looking desk against the wall underneath the window. She loves to sit there and gaze out onto the gardens. I'm sometimes in her office and my desk is on the far wall and if I'm not there I can be found in the smaller room, just across the foyer of the house. This is where a few small-ish filing cabinets are, plus also a portable TV, stereo and a tiny kitchen area. On the small worktop sits a mini-bar, and limited space to make tea, coffee or whatever she wants and this room is sandwiched between a small bathroom and the games room. 

The house is spatial with plenty of rooms on the ground floor alone. As I said, it boasts a games room with a full size snooker table and dart-board and back across the foyer, adjacent to her large office is the room that I love. It has two huge plasma screens on the wall, each one wired up to speakers that connect through the house. Video games, DVDs and CDs line the shelves, and the two corner suites with oversized soft cuddly cushions make the room into one hell of a chill-out zone!

When Harriet is home, she and her friends tend to hang out in there, do their homework, or watch MTV and do whatever else teenage girls do -- mainly shriek a lot, but when the room is vacant I occasionally relax in there with the lights dimmed and soft music all around me. Ms Blake will sometimes come in for a quick chat, but rarely stays longer than she has to.

Tonight was one of those nights. Harriet was at a friend's house for the night. Apparently they had to finish a project off that had to be handed into school tomorrow. I'd spent the majority of the day in the office, and as the day wore on I longed to lounge in the tranquillity of that room for an hour before I would leave to go home. 

I had just sat down when Ms Blake wandered in. I looked up, and was completely taken aback. She looked stunning - dressed in black leather trousers, black boots that were laced up at the front from her ankles to her knees, and she wore a soft leather corset-type garment which was laced at the front too. I had never seen her look so... captivating! 

"What do you think, sexy or what?" She beamed a confident smile, whilst flicking her hair over her left shoulder.

I was speechless for a second or two, before I nervously stammered, "I'd go with... sexy... not that I'm attracted to women... but... yes, sexy!"

She raised an eyebrow and smiled, noticing my reaction. "Well, thank you Em, I'll take that as a huge compliment coming from someone who isn't attracted to women..." I fidgeted nervously on the sofa as a slight pause in conversation came between us, but as usual Ms Blake didn't leave it lingering for long. Somehow she knew how uncomfortable I get when she flusters me and I usually shut down verbally. I'm sure she gets a cheap thrill from it though! "You can stay here in the chill-out. I might want a ride home later, but I'm not sure... can you leave your phone on, just in case?"

"Yeah, no problem, Ms Blake, anytime!" I immediately answered, totally forgetting that I was meant to meet friends later in the evening. 

"You're an angel!" She dazzled me another smile before turning on her heels and immediately left the house. I grabbed one of the large cushions and placed it on the arm of the sofa and rested my head on it, kicking my shoes off in the process. I watched countless music videos before eventually falling asleep.

I didn't know how long I'd been asleep but I woke with a start when I heard footsteps crossing the hallway. I focussed in on the clock enough for me to work out it had just gone 3am. As I sat up I heard Ms Blake's office door creak and then heard voices! One of them was definitely hers. 

I slowly got up from the sofa, trying not to be heard, and wandered lazily into the hallway, deciding to go to the bathroom first before seeing if she was okay! I'm glad I did, because when I came out of there I was shocked at what I saw.

Ms Blake was kissing a woman!

I wiped my weary eyes, wondering if they were playing tricks on me as I still felt half asleep, but no amount of wiping was going to stop what was playing out before me. Ms Blake was facing a short-haired blonde woman who was wearing a mid-thigh black leather skirt and a loose white blouse. She wore black high heels, really high, like 4 or 5 inches and her legs were encased in black fishnet tights or stockings. Ms Blake's hands were either side of the blonde woman's face and their tongues were eagerly reaching out of their mouths, licking each other's tongues and lips. Their soft groans grew louder as their passion rose. 

The blonde's hands travelled up and down the black leather trousers of Ms Blake before coming up to her soft leather corset-styled top where she tugged on the thin leather thong, untying the corset as she pulled. The corset opened up, and the hands of the blonde came up underneath it and seductively opened it right out, letting Ms Blake's large breasts fall into her palms.

I froze in the hallway. If she knew I was watching I'd get fired from my job, yet if I moved now, she would still know I'd been voyeuristically spying on her. I watched a little more, and saw the blonde's head bow down to Ms Blake's heaving breasts. As she did that, my boss's head flew back with a loud moan. I took that as my cue to leave and assumed she was far too caught up in the moment to notice me shuffling back into the chill-out room.

The soft panting noises that seeped through the walls kept me awake for another hour. I strained to hear what they were saying to each other, but other than a raspy 'yes' or 'oh god' I could barely make anything else out.

My pussy began to ache and it wasn't long before my fingers slipped under my skirt and into my panties. I was surprised to find them sopping wet. I knew I was aroused at what I saw, but my panties were positively drenched. My lips were swollen and I could hear myself squelching as I entered my pussy with one finger, then two, feeling the tropical warmth suck me in delightfully. My other hand loosely gripped onto the over-stuffed cushion before lowering itself over my soft belly to join in the fluent ministrations in my panties. I toyed with my clit and it tingled pleasantly each time I stroked and flicked over it as the faint muffled moans from the next room enticed me further into my pleasure. 

I withdrew my fingers from my pussy and brought them to my mouth. As I swirled my tongue around them, tasting and sucking on my own juices I quickened the pace on my clit, heightening the intense feeling that was building around my pussy. I covered my mouth with my hand, not wanting to erotically wail too loudly, but that only seemed to fuel the strength of my impending orgasm. With a few more hasty strokes over my clit I quivered in near silence to an impressive orgasm, and subsequently fell asleep.

I awoke just after 10am, and slowly shuffled myself across the hallway to the bathroom. I sheepishly looked over at Ms Blake's office - the door was wide open and the room empty. As I reached the bathroom door she walked through the front door, dressed in her usual work attire, make-up exquisitely done and hair that looked like she'd just come out of the salon. 

"Good morning Em, do you know what time it is?" she said quite cheerily.

"Yes Ms Blake, I'm sorry, I overslept..." I mean, what else could I say?

"Don't worry. You were spread right out on that couch when I looked in at you just after five thirty... Anyone would think I worked you too hard!" She said playfully.

"What were you doing at that time of the morning?" I inquisitively asked, knowing full well what she'd been up to!

There was a definite glint in her eye. "Oh, I went out with a friend then foolishly we ended up in a club, which then led to..." She paused as she looked at her watch. "I have a meeting in thirty minutes!" I looked at her intently, wondering how the hell she looked like she'd just slept for 10 hours, when in reality she'd had considerably less than that. "What?" she enquired.

"Er, nothing, I'll have a quick shower and I'll be right with you!"

She looked me up and down. "You need more than that... Go home, have a long shower, get some different clothes on and then come back, is that okay?"

I nodded and ran to the bathroom before grabbing my shoes and running barefoot to my car.

When I returned, the office door was closed, so I knocked and waited for her to answer. "Come in..." I walked in and immediately came face to face with the blonde woman. She too was miraculously refreshed after only a few hours sleep. I stopped and became a little ruffled. "Em, are you alright?"

"Um, yeah, can I get you both something to drink?" I said, bringing myself out of my slight anxiousness.

The blonde woman stood up and offered me her hand. "Coffee please... milk, no sugar, thank you."

I noticed that she too had an air of confidence about her, and her stance was forward and direct. Her facial features were slightly harsher than Ms Blake's, and nowhere near as attractive, but she seemingly exuded warmth and friendliness! She had the same extraordinary knack as Ms Blake that when she spoke to you, it seemed like you were the only other person in the world! 

"Okay, and you, Ms Blake?"

"Just a tea, please." 

Ms Blake looked me up and down with a smirk! And I knew why!

I fancied a change of outfit for today. I usually dress girly anyway, but today I decided to wear a 2inch heel instead of my flats, stockings in favour of tights and a blouse that was fitted which nipped in at my waist, yet flared our slightly at the hip. I also chose to wear a shorter skirt. My hair was tied up in a clip that allowed a few stray curls to drop just behind my ears. Ms Blake curled a smile, and so did the blonde.

I smiled to myself as I walked out of the office, and managed to not make it look so obvious by the time I returned with their drinks. I usually place the tray on the table near the cabinet when Ms Blake was in a meeting, but today she requested that I take them over to her desk. The blonde woman was sitting beside Ms Blake and I placed her coffee on the circular table-mat on the left hand side of the desk-top. Her hand came up and she lightly stroked my back, saying, "Thank you Emily!"

I was a little astounded to feel her touch me, and also to hear one of Ms Blake's clients call me by my name. The male clients usually grunt, if that and they most definitely do not touch me. Not that I want them too anyway! Nevertheless, the single action of the blonde made me lower my head slightly before taking a step back.

I moved to the other end of the desk and Ms Blake held her hand out to take her tea. "That'll be all for about an hour or so, but Harriett will be home shortly as school is closing early, so I'll need you to take her to her dad's just after lunch and if you can return here after that I'll appreciate it!"

"Yeah, of course, Ms Blake."

Both women smiled at me and before I turned to leave Ms Blake gave an effortless wink in my direction and said, "Good girl...." 

I was stuck on the spot for what seemed like minutes, but what she said stirred something in me. Both of them looked curiously at me. I nervously smiled at her, then at the blonde, lowering my eyes slightly before mustering the strength to leave! 

I felt their eyes on me as I closed the door behind me!

With an hour to kill I decided to head into town with some paperwork that needed to be dropped off at HQ, and also to nip into the bakery to get some lunch for Ms Blake, the blonde, and Harriet. I bought myself half a baguette and ate that as I drove back to the house.

I parked my MX-5 on the gravel outside and wiped down the crumbs that had messily scattered themselves over me as I drove home. I grabbed the lunch bags and placed them in the kitchen area before heading upstairs to see if Harriet was home yet and wondered if she had packed her case for her weekend away.

Outside her bedroom door stood her large shocking-pink suitcase. Jesus, you'd think she was going away for a month. It was near to bursting, and I'm surprised the zip hasn't broken! I struggled as I picked it up and clumsily took it downstairs, half lifting it and half dragging it. As I passed the foyer Ms Blake came out of the bathroom. For some reason I became momentarily motionless. 

"Em, you look different today... I like it!" She smiled at me and cocked an eyebrow.

"I, uh, fancied a change." I mumbled nervously.

I couldn't look her in the eyes any longer and forced myself to walk out into the bright sunshine, and nearly tripping over the threshold in the process. I thought mission accomplished as I began to thud the overly filled case down the 3 steps to the gravel, but as I got to the final step Ms Blake called me with a slightly raised voice. 

"Emily..."

I turned to face her, "Yes, Ms Blake?"

She was standing with her hands on her hips glaring at me with a smile that I can only describe as suggestive. "Oh, nothing..." She then went into her office, leaving me bewildered and teetering on the edge of the step! 

I guessed Harriet would want the roof down as it was such a glorious day, so I sorted that out before putting her suitcase in the boot!

As I returned to the house and made my way to retrieve the lunches, Harriet bounded down the stairs and knocked on the office door, waiting impatiently for her mother to allow her to enter. Instead Ms Blake came to the door and embraced Harriet, wishing her a good weekend, and gave her a stern warning to stay out of trouble! At that point Harriet pulled herself away and sprinted to the car, leaving her mother somewhat bewildered that her daughter ran from her with such haste. 
