 Jade - Are you ready? I'll be there to pick you up in 5.

The text was from my friend and newfound lover, Jade. We were going camping for the long weekend. I was her first stop, and then we were off to pick up her boyfriend Ben from work as he was just off the highway on the way out of town.

Me - Almost finished packing. I'll be ready when you get here.

I didn't really have that much to throw together. Just a few changes of clothes, bathroom stuff, food and a few bottles of wine. It was a pretty simple trip that we had planned. Mostly hanging out at the campsite drinking or laying on the lakeside beach a few minutes walk away. The two of them had gone the year before without me and they said that's basically all they did. I got my bags together and sat on the couch waiting for the next text to tell me about her arrival.

However, after a few minutes, I heard my door open and turned to see Jade walking in. Every time I saw her, I was struck by how beautiful she was. That long dark hair on her slender, athletic body...I was getting chills just imagining how the last few weeks had developed. She was introducing me to fun I hadn't imagined before, and I found myself agreeing to basically anything she wanted. It was so far turning out to be a perfect relationship.

"So, what's with all the bags?" she asked, without a hello, or anything else first.

"Huh?" I replied. "Um, the usual? Food, booze, clothes..."

"Oh yeah? Which one has the clothes?" she responded, more sharply than I had expected.

"That one," I said, pointing to my black duffel bag, "but,"

She cut me off forcefully, "Really? Hmmm...good thing I came in then, that's a lot of room to pack a bikini in, wouldn't you say?"

Fuck. Fuck. I thought I was ok. I didn't think she'd take it this far. I explained hurriedly, "No no, the bikini's in there, I just made sure I had something else for when it's cold, or wet, or... or... whatever, you know?"

Jade just stared at me and slowly shook her head. She was a few inches taller than me and so was looking slightly down at me. "That wasn't the deal. Have you stopped listening already? Or wasn't I clear enough? The only thing you're wearing is that swimsuit, for the entire time that we're down there. Nothing, and I mean nothing else that counts as clothing is coming with you."

Damn it, I did not want to be strutting around in just that skimpy swimsuit for the entire trip, but neither did I want to disobey Jade. She had done so much to bring me out of my shell this far and to give me some of the greatest sexual experiences I could have imagined. But really, she expected me to spend three days in front of her, her boyfriend, and whoever the hell passed by us in that tiny bikini? Fuck that. "Um, no fucking way. I'm dressing however I want!" I said right out.

Suddenly Jade was right there against me, her hand tangled in my hair, pulling my gaze up towards her, not enough to hurt, but sure as hell enough to get my attention. "Really? You'll do whatever I want but not this? You already agreed to this earlier, when you were eating me out in the dressing room, remember?"

"Well, yeah, I guess," I answered carefully, trying to sound confident, (even though I thought I was failing) "but I didn't think you meant it. I'm not dressing like a whore just because you say so!" Jade released my hair and stepped back. She lifted her t-shirt over her head and stepped out of her shorts, revealing the tiny red bikini she had bought at the same store, framing her perfect body.

"So, you're calling me a whore then?" Jade said flatly. "Because I want to show off my body, you're better than me? You want this body against yours, and the only way you're going to get it is if you dress the exact same way. So then, decide fast, am I a whore or are you just being a bitch?"

Shit. She had me, I wanted her worse than anything else, there wasn't really another good answer to give. "I guess...I'm probably just being a bitch." 

"So then you're going to listen, finally? You'll put the swimsuit on...bitch?" She enunciated the last word clearly. 

"Yeah, if I have to, fine." I said.

"Hmmm...no, not good enough," Jade answered, "you've promised too many times to listen to me and then you forget the first chance you get. I think that now we're going to use this weekend as a lesson in obedience." She walked right up to me, put her arms around my waist, pulled me close, and whispered into my ear, "Don't you think that sounds like a good idea?"

The warmth of her body was enough to remind me how well it had turned out every other time I was this close to her, I couldn't stop myself from nodding eagerly. "Yeah, of course, that sounds like a...good idea." She slid her hands down to my butt for just a fraction of a second, then stepped back with a smile. 

"Good girl. Now, take off all of that." she said bluntly, pointing her finger up and down my body. "And please listen the FIRST time this time." Still smiling. I was still having trouble with simply obeying her, but the horny side of my brain was telling me that this always works out well so I should just get to it. I think my pussy was fervently agreeing with it as well. As I undressed, Jade went through my bag, throwing clothes across the room while talking to herself softly. I finished removing my underwear in time to hear "...seventeen...eighteen."

Jade looked up at me standing there, blushing I'm sure, but naked and not trying to hide myself. She dropped the bikini she had taken out of the bag onto another smaller one with my other supplies in it, then slowly shook her head at me. "Eighteen, Kat. Eighteen things you packed that I told you that you weren't allowed to bring. I'll let you slide on what you were just wearing, as I was going to let you wear them on the way there, but eighteen deserves some punishment." 

"Punishment?" I started, "What punishm...mph!" Jade's lips on mine ended that question in short order. 

"Shhh. Come with me." Jade lightly tangled her fingers in my hair and led me towards the centre of my living room. "On the floor baby, face down, ass up." I nervously complied, slowly lowering myself to the floor. I had a very good idea what was coming, and didn't think I was going to like it. I got down on all fours and looked back at her. Jade just kept staring until I followed her instructions exactly. I lowered my cheek to the carpet, but facing away from her. I felt too exposed to watch her anymore.

I felt Jade's presence right behind me, then her soft hands slowly grazing my ass cheeks. "Mmmm, such a sweet ass you have baby, shame that you're making me turn it red." I opened my mouth to respond, but she brought her hand up and down with a resounding slap! I let out a gasp and pulled away instinctively. I couldn't believe I was letting her spank me! Three more slaps came down right behind before I could move more than an inch or two, alternating sides.

"Owwww! Fuck! That hurt!" I yelped.

"Better get used to it, bitch, you still have fourteen more to go. One for every piece of clothing you tried to bring." I could tell she was smiling as she said it, and strangely enough, I really didn't mind being called a bitch. If I had to think about it, I really was much of the time, and I wasn't proud of myself for making a promise and not intending to keep it. I deserved this, and honestly, I did like it. Just a little.

"Fuck, get it over with then...please?" I added, I didn't want her thinking I was still arguing. But she took her time. Her hands were up and down my ass, my thighs, teasing me before the next one. I just started to relax and enjoy her touch when I felt the slaps over and over across my upturned ass, I completely lost count as she spanked me repeatedly. They didn't actually hurt that much, but the humiliation of having my ass in the air so this beautiful woman could punish me was much more of an impact. 

"Just one more baby, then you're all done." Jade said almost sympathetically. "You do want to be done, don't you?"

"Hell yes," I replied, "get it over with!"

"Just one last thing," she said as her fingers eased their way up the inside of my thighs, "let me make sure you didn't enjoy this too much. If I think you were getting off on this, the last one is going to hurt like a...well...like you."

Oh. Shit. I hadn't noticed myself doing it, but my knees were a foot farther apart then we started. My back was arched, my breathing was heavy, she must have thought I was inviting this, that I fucking liked it! No way, I mean, yeah I kind of liked being naked in front of my lover, I must admit, but that's all. This spanking was bullshit and we both knew that.

Until, she brought two fingers to the entrance of my pussy, and with almost no effort on her part, they slid all the way inside me, filling up what I realized was my dripping wet, betraying cunt! I let out a long, low moan, both from the feeling of her fingers and the realization that I was getting off on this! I actually fucking liked being treated like this! Jade was bringing out feelings I had never come to realize before. Her control was turning me on in ways that I never would have admitted to myself before, more so every time I saw her.

She pulled her fingers out of me, reached over to my mouth, and I knew what to do. I opened my mouth, hungrily sucking them in to taste how wet I was, showing my acceptance of the entire situation. I sucked and licked until she pulled them away, my head moving to its limit to chase them. I was on fire then, waiting for her to put them back in, my hips were moving in a tight circle now, wanting more and more. By the time I realized she wasn't going to put them back in, it was too late.

SMACK!!

Fuck! She swung for the fucking fences on the last one. I let out a yelp and collapsed to my stomach before her. I was breathing hard, my ass was sore as hell, and I felt like I had run for miles. I was exhausted from taking my punishment. I gathered myself together and turned on my side to look at Jade. She had sat back on her heels and was staring at me with an evil smirk. And fuck, I wanted to jump her there and then. I noticed that she was breathing hard as well, I could see her nipples pushing against the fabric of her own swimsuit. The little bitch (Yes, I saw the irony in that internal monologue) was just as turned on as I was.

I slowly got to my feet, biting my lip as I tried not to show how sore my ass was. Or, to be honest, how much I wanted to fuck her right there. I tried to play it all off as no big deal. "Are we good now? Can we go?"

I don't think she bought it, but she said, "Yeah, we can go now. Get that swimsuit on. And, I suppose you can put the shorts on too. Just for the drive up though. Once we get there, nothing but the bikini until we leave. Do you promise to listen now?"

I wasn't going to let her get the last word. "I promise to try. As long as you promise to teach me a lesson if I forget." I kissed her, hard. I didn't let go until she was shaking with lust as much as I was. Fuck, my ass was going to be sore for hours but it was more than worth it to have a girl like this in my life. 

I got dressed in my swimsuit and shorts, Jade was nice enough to dress the same. Damn, Ben was going to get an eyeful when we picked him up next. My thoughts were on the three days of camping we were starting on and what else she was going to do with me. I was nervous but I was fucking horny too. Right then I decided, one way or the other, I was going to blow her fucking mind this weekend. And, with the lingering remnants of this encounter fresh on my mind, (and cunt) I thought, maybe Ben's too.