 Whatever it was between Rose and Bree, Bree had stopped trying to define it. During their last encounter they had shared such passionate kisses that she was sure Rose must have feelings for her as well. Neither of them could deny their wanton physical connection. After Bree had her way with Rose, Rose had intently returned the favor. 

But soon after Bree had orgasmed, Rose had not lingered and was eager to leave again. 

They had had fantastic sex twice, yet afterwards Rose was very reluctant to call Bree, or agree to meet her. It was curious.

Bree knew she had deeper feelings for Rose but those were obviously not reciprocated in a way she wished. She was growing tired of always having to take the initiative. This time she swore to herself she would wait. 

She waited two days. Then three. As weekend came and went, she constantly had to remind herself of her resolution, all without a word from Rose. 

Finally, on Tuesday afternoon her phone rang and it was Rose. 

"Can we meet?" Rose asked her outright. 

Bree agreed to a meeting the next evening. She already had dinner obligations, so Rose suggested having drinks somewhere afterwards, but Bree invited her to her apartment instead. She was surprised that Rose agreed. 

Rose arrived in time and Bree couldn't help but notice that Rose had gotten a bit dressed up for the occasion. Bree herself was wearing her sexiest black pencil dress. They greeted rather formally. 

They sat down at the table and shared a weird, strained conversation. Then Bree gathered all her courage, took a sharp breath and said,

"So, Rose..." but Rose interrupted her. 

"Can we just not talk about it, Bree?" 

Bree looked at her in surprise. 

"Please, Bree? I just don't want to talk about it." 

Bree sighed.

"All right. But why are you here then, Rose?" 

"I think you know why I'm here." And with that, Rose got up and stepped away from the table. With one fluid motion she stepped out of her dress. 

"I just need you to work your magic on me, Bree." 

So Bree stood up, a bit confused, but she didn't need further encouragement. The talking could wait, after all. She led Rose into the bedroom. 

"Lie down on your stomach." 

Rose did as instructed. Bree took off her high heels and dropped them in front of the bed. Then she took a bottle off the nightstand. It was a special silicone oil that could be used for massaging as well as entering the body. Bree suppressed a grin. 

Then she pushed Rose's legs wide apart and knelt in between. She opened the bottle and poured some oil on her ass. She spread the oil and expertly massaged both cheeks with her hands. Rose's ass was small and tight and she watched her backhole that was all exposed in front of her now. 

She traced one finger towards the middle of her cheeks, going up and down but leaving out her rosebud, brushing over her perineum, each time just a little closer to her anus. 

When she brushed a finger lightly over her pink asshole for the first time, a deep moan escaped Rose's throat. Bree was absolutely turned on by the sight in front of her but she forced herself to keep a slow pace. 

As she slid back and forth between both her openings, she could feel how wet Rose's pussy was but she did not go inside. Instead she moved towards her tiny pink hole. 

She spread more oil onto it, this time directly onto the puckered ridge. Then she traced ever so lightly around the backhole, grazing the subtle edges of her ring. 

Bree's thumb replaced her index on the other's asshole, gently circling it. 

She circled her anus with her thumb lightly, around and around, rubbing her tiny hole first in one direction, then the other. She slipped her finger side to side, then up and down. Rose's back tightened against Bree's grip and a series of deep sighs escaped her lips. 

Bree spotted her tiny clit standing out from its hood fully erect. Bree pressed the index of her other hand against her clit without moving it. Instead, she focused on rubbing her butthole again. 

She started stroking her tight anal muscle faster, first around her anus, then through the centre. Up and down she moved, travelling the tiniest bit inward, then very slowly in and out of her ring. 

Bree stiffened her finger and pushed against the sweet hole with a steady gentle pressure. As Rose's sphincter contracted she moaned, then relaxed her anus and enjoyed the invading pressure. 

The fierce hotness emanating from inside the Rose's backhole almost pushed Bree over the edge. She fucked her asshole slowly, drawing her finger out wide, then pushing it inside again. 

She increased her tempo and Rose was moaning steadily now and bucked against her finger. Bree worked her ass fast now, in and out of the forbidden hole. 

"May I touch myself?" Rose asked in a hushed voice. "Yes."

Then her hand reached down to stroke her pussy. She circled her swollen clit. 

She masturbated her clit faster while Bree fingered her ass. Then Rose withdrew her finger, to Rose's surprise. When she returned, she pushed her index and middle finger into the tight asshole. Rose moaned deeply. 

"Look at me!" Bree ordered. 

Rose shifted a bit to the side so she could look at Bree over her shoulder.

"You like it up your ass, don't you?" 

Rose nodded wildly. "Yes, I need it up my ass."

Rose rubbed her hard little clit faster and harder and her backhole clenched tight as she rocked hard against Bree's deeply buried fingers. 

She fucked hard against Rose's two fingers and with one last desperate cry, a hard orgasm spread through her body, originating deep in her ass. 

She rode the spasm waves and rubbed her clit all the way through them, rubbing until she exploded a second time. Bree continued to move her fingers rhythmically until Rose lay still on the bed. Then she withdrew and moved closer towards her lover.

Bree wanted to be close to Rose while she still had the chance to. She wanted to feel her and bathe in her warmth before she was out the door again. Her skin felt electrified when she came in contact with the other woman's warmth. So she slipped next to her and Rose turned onto her side towards Bree. 

Very carefully, Rose raised an arm and stroked Bree's side. Bree was still wearing her black pencil dress and Rose's gentle hands petted her through the silk. With a sigh, Bree quickly pulled the dress away. Rose definitely had something about her that made Bree cross her own boundaries time and time again. 

Bree didn't stop Rose when she reached down between her legs. She found her stiff swollen clit and teased it gently. Bree was way past teasing and pressed hard against the other's hand. With two or three more vigorous strokes she was almost over the top. Without any cues Rose circled her clit faster and harder, working it under and between her fingers. 

When Bree couldn't take it anymore she exploded, her head pushing against Rose's shoulder and her face buried into Rose's black hair. Her orgasm washed over them and time stood still as she pressed closer to Bree.