 Jessica's lounging in jeans with her back propped up against the pillows, legs splayed out, and completely topless. Her arms cradle a large buttery bowl of popcorn. An episode of L word is playing on the tv at half volume. 

"Not feeling like wearing too many clothes today, are we?" I joke as I walk in to the room, smirking.

She throws a pillow at me that flies over my head as I dive onto the bed next to her.

"Absolutely not," she replies with a grin. "And you better not be, either."

I sigh. I move so I'm sitting in front of her, blocking the tv. I am so tired. It had been a long day.

I lean in close to her and wrap my hand around the back of her neck so that her eyes are level with mine. 

I mumble, "Just cuddle me. I am so exhausted."

She cups her hand under my chin. "Sure," she replies playfully. "Now clothes off. 

I ignore her and turn around, laying back in her lap in between her legs. But her hands start unbuttoning my shirt. I turn around and she wrestles with me, throwing the popcorn across the bed and onto the floor. White kernels fly everywhere. 

Three minutes later, I am pinned on my back. Her hands hold my hands down next to my head on either side. And I am wearing nothing but my orange and blue underwear. 

I sigh again.

"You know why I would be really, really bad at wrestling?" I ask. 

She cocks her head to the side, smiling triumphantly. 

I sit up as much as I can with my hands still pinned, and whisper into her ear, "Because I secretly like to lose." 

I close my eyes and lay back down on the bed, defeated. "You're wearing me out," I protest.

Her back is against the pillows again, and I am laying down in between her legs so her arms are around me and we are watching tv together. Our fingers fiddle with eachothers' skin. I make a mental note to take her pants off sometime soon. Her hands travel up my arms.

"Had a long day?" she asks. 

"Absolutely. It's tiring," I answer. I squirm when her hands move to trace little unrecognizable patterns in by belly. My breath stays even, but I notice that her's is picking up. 

"Tell me the good things about your day," she says.

"Well, I got a pumpkin spice latte." I reply. The leaves are changing outside the window and autumn is just beginning. 

"Mmm, lets get one of those tomorrow morning," she proposes.

"I didn't know I was staying the night," I reply. Her hands move closer to my breasts.

"Yes, you are," she confirms. 

I hope I get some sleep, because I am genuinely tired. She reads my mind.

"But don't plan on sleeping very much," she tells me. I open my mouth to protest, but her fingers are now circling my breasts, turning my words into an audible sigh. I could practically hear her smile. That sly dog. She suddenly pinches my nipples and twists, slowly. I arch my back and close my eyes, but not because I am trying to fall asleep anymore.

"Hey, that's not fair!" I protest, and try to move from her grasp, but she pulls me to her chest by my waist and holds my legs in place with hers. I am trapped. 

She looks out the window and suggests, "Maybe after coffee, we can ride the ski lift on the mountain and look at the trees. They just opened it to the public." Her hands move up to my neck, stroking it. My breath finally hitches and speeds up. Will she choke me? All I could do was hope she's not feeling THAT aggressive tonight. She has before. But she comforts me.

"Shhh..calm down." She chides. "Just breathe." 

I am breathing. Having her hand on my neck and her legs over mine while I lay back in her arms makes me feel completely vulnerable. But I feel safe, too. I like it. Her left hand travels down, lower and lower until it rests over my underwear. I feel like I've been hit by an electric shock down there. Her index finger lazily travels over my clit and starts stroking me softly over the thin fabric of my underwear. I close my eyes and sink into her arms.

"That's right," she praises me. "I love having this effect on you." She presses a bit harder against my mound and her right hand starts toying with my breast. Her slow, rhythmic stroking is making me excited; it's like waking up. When I shift my body some, I feel a bulge in her pants...How did I not notice this before?

She must have sensed that I noticed something was different, so before I could turn around to look at what it is, she jams three fingers into me, making me gasp, and holds me back with her other arm. 

"Babe, I want to try something new with you" she says. Her fingers pump in and out of me as I try to unsuccessfully struggle against her. I finally stop fighting and stay still, pouting. Her fingers stop. She then lets go of me and I whirl around so I am facing her. She removes her pants and pink underwear, revealing a large, dark blue strap-on dildo with prominent ridges up the shaft.

"Wow, that looks scary.." I muse. I look at her with big, playful eyes. I don't really know if I want this huge thing in my vagina, so I slink towards her and whisper into her ear, "Maybe we could try it on you first."

My hands fumble for the strap to remove it, but in a flash, I am on my back with my hands pinned next to my head on either side again. She grins evilly.

"Uh uh. You're going to take this whole.." She lines the tip against my opening.. "thing. You can handle 7.5 inches," she asserts.

I reply, "I'm not entirely sure.."

She counters, "I am." She literally rips off my panties, right down the seam.

And she pushes it slowly in to me, so slowly I could feel each ridge slide into me. I close my eyes and she kisses me deeply, pushing her tongue underneath my lips. I kiss back, arching against her until I am completely filled by this absurd blue object. I am emptied, then filled again, and she begins a slow rhythm. And then there's a mood change. 

I manage to roll her off of me and move back so my back is against the headboard. I am about to kiss her again, but she pins me against the headboard and moves her lips lower to kiss, bite, and torment my breasts. My back arches toward her, needing her, and I can feel every single swirl of her tongue. Her other hand moves to my other breast. I tangle my fingers into her hair and splay them over the back of her neck. Jess then lies back to grab me and roll me back underneath her. 

She says sharply into my ear, "You tried to escape, and that's a no-no. You know what your safe word is. You're going to get it now. Hard." 

She again positions the thick dildo over my sex and pushes in. After waiting a second for effect, she starts up her rhythm again. But it's twice as fast. 

Underneath her, I can see her strong abs working as her undulating hips grind the cock into me. I feel like she's carving all of the stress and anxiety from my daily life out of me. This magnificent woman intimidates me and excites me very much. She is my undoing.

I grip on to her back and stroke it, trying not to scratch her back. When I do, she bites my neck. 

Her hot lips are against my neck and the dildo keeps hammering into me. I can feel her speed increasing. I wrap my legs around hers so she can go deeper. This pounding is knocking out all other distractions and stressors. Her perfume is intoxicating and her touch is overwhelming me. I keep arching up, trying to keep up with her strong rhythm. Her lips move down to my breast and over to the other, back and forth, and I move my hands down to stroke her butt. Our moans and sighs increase together.

Her thundering inside of me builds up a tension that starts to take me over. 

I start, "oh, I think I might.."

She commands fiercely, "Come. Now. For me, Baby."

And my whole body shakes, clenching around this large object inside me. I sigh and arch my body, but she refuses to slow her strokes. I close my eyes and ride a wave of pleasure until I feel satisfied. 

Finally, I finish cumming, and she pulls out, but she just flips my limp body over and pushes me up so my ass is in the air and positions herself behind me.

Then she's back inside my pussy, slow for the first couple strokes, then faster than ever, bracing her feet against the headboard of the bed to get better leverage. When will she ever stop?

She grabs my hips and pulls me backward against her for each stroke. 

"I. Can't. Even. Explain. How. Much. I. Love. Fuck. Ing. You," she growls between strokes. She somehow speeds up even more, and I can hear the dildo slapping inside of me. And OH! What is that spot she's started hitting? My G spot! I cry out. She must have noticed that she's hitting it, so she keeps the angle, sometimes rotating her hips in a circle and then continuing to ravage my pussy.

I finally hear her gasp, and her body collapses over mine, shaking hard. We both cum and then fall on to the bed, still connected. The aftershocks run themselves through both of her bodies, as we lay contented in each other's company.