 Reggie leaned back against the headboard as she watched Claire get lost in the motions. She raised her hips up slightly as she adjusted, grinning as her friend let out a frustrated moan. Despite their positions, Claire really wasn't completely comfortable letting go in front of anyone. She was straddling Reggie, while Reggie guided the younger woman's hips to a rhythm she couldn't seem to find on her own. 

Claire's arms were pulled back behind her - not uncomfortably so, but enough that the control she clung to so often was placed off balance. It seemed to be enough for now. Reggie smiled gently as she watched the younger women tilt her head back, eyes closed. She could see the strain in her muscles and tension weighing down on her; it had been a while. 

Reggie swiveled her hips and watched her friend bite down on her lip, as a groan slipped from her lips. She'd been too guarded and it was time to fix that. She began to grind her friend's hips down a little harder as she lifted her own hips to meet. Claire shivered and gave her a look that was meant as a warning. Reggie being Reggie, however, ignored the warning and found no other resistance when she continued. 

The song on the radio hit its stride and Reggie casually began to sing along. It was enough to quiet Claire's nerves and the younger woman smiled in response. She dropped her head forward with a blush to her cheeks, but no shame in the action. Claire knew that with Reggie there was no judgment. She had fretted over this until she was quite certain there would be no possible way to screw up their friendship. 

Reggie reached up and brushed the hair that had fallen onto Claire's face. The gesture itself was almost too soft and Claire sucked in a sharp breath. Reggie dropped her hand cupping the younger woman's cheek briefly, then to her shoulder and finally let it trail down her arm to her hip. Claire began to rock her hips harder on her own accord, trying to find the beat that would make everything else disappear - trying to forget where she was, whom she was with, or that she deserved every tender or honest moment. 

Frowning, Reggie let her move freely, but she wasn't happy about it. She continued to gently draw circles with her thumbs upon Claire's hips and paced her own thrusts. She moved slow, but strong, offering a bittersweet alternative. Claire swallowed hard and nodded her understanding. She let out several heavy breaths and then began to match movements. Rushing things would only make it worse. This was supposed to be about feeling, not punishment. 

Claire had so much to work through emotionally and mentally that it was easy to use sex, like everything else, as a way to stay trapped. It was why she had agreed to the proposal despite her own fears. She needed to try something new, but she also needed to feel safe enough to let go. She didn't trust herself, but Reggie... she trusted. 

Claire let her shoulders drop in defeat. She was tired of needing to be strong, but she still couldn't seem to push herself through to that moment of real vulnerability. Reggie had seen it all: the anger, the sadness, the darkness, the light, and everything in between. Still, something within Claire resisted. She trusted Reggie, it was herself she didn't trust. If she truly opened up in front of someone with nothing protecting her, what would happen? 

"Stop it," Reggie said, her brow creased in pout. She exhaled a frustrated breath, recognizing the wall for what it was. Readjusting, she sat up a bit so that she could look directly at Claire. Dropping her forehead to her friends, she never broke eye contact. She cupped Claire's cheeks, but didn't push further. She just stayed... safe and stable. It was exactly what Claire needed. 

The younger woman nuzzled to the side and buried her face against Reggie's neck. Reggie stroked her hair knowingly and wrapped an arm around her. They stayed still, except for their hips, for several moments before Claire nodded against her and sat back up. She was ready and the fire that lit her eyes showed it. She rolled her hips in a way that surprised even Reggie as the toy pushed back against her. 

Reggie's hands flew to Claire's hips and she guided her to do it again. Claire had seen the hunger and surprise in Reggie's eyes and fed off it. She was ready to surprise her normally unshakable friend. There weren't a lot of things she was confident about, but her ability to please and surprise partners had always amused her. 

Reggie held on to Claire's hips a little harder for a moment before falling back to the bed and letting the younger woman lead for the moment. They hadn't talked about this and neither was sure where they were going. The whole purpose of it had been to allow Claire to feel and heal. Reggie's pleasure wasn't a factor. Needing to somehow equal the ground, Reggie reached behind Claire and undid her wrists. She nodded with confidence when Claire met her eyes in fear. 

Continuing to lead the way, Claire leaned forward enough to rest her hands upon Reggie's hips as she rocked against her. It was a constant pushing and tugging between them that happened as naturally as their friendship. Claire began to slow, but it was obvious something was on her mind. She stilled her hips and looked up to meet the other woman's blinking gaze. 

"Please," Claire whispered, as her hand brushed against the other woman's lower stomach. With a shaky breath, Reggie nodded her consent. She was soon overwhelmed with stimulation as Claire's thumb brushed against her clit. Biting at her lip, she tried to contain her own need and just receive what was being offered. She didn't want Claire to overthink this and feel pressured to show gratitude or however she would warp it with worry. 

Reggie let her hips rock in response, but she also grabbed Claire's other hand. Bringing soft skin to her lips, she kissed the inside of the girls left wrist- a promise of strength. Her hand went back to Claire's hair, but this time she smiled in response. She leaned into her friend's touch and everything about her softened. 

"There you are," Reggie said with childlike glee. It was such a relief to see that look upon her friend's features; it had been missing for weeks now. Sitting up, she scooped Claire into her grasp and flipped them. Now on top, she quirked an eyebrow in mirth and tried to look serious. "Ready?" 

Claire was still laughing, but the question quieted her. She placed both hands on Reggie's cheeks and nodded. "I trust you," she admitted, her tone turning serious once more. She tensed nervously, both excited and fearful. This somehow felt like the moment that there would be no turning back from. 

Reggie leaned down and kissed her cheek. "Good girl," she murmured. Bracing herself on her arms she pulled back and then slowly thrust her hips against her friends. She was rewarded with a sharp intake of breath from Claire. Pulling back and thrusting in once more, she was pleased to hear her friend let out a throaty groan. She thrust into her slowly but deep several more times before quickening her pace. 

Claire wrapped her arms around her friends neck, momentarily forgetting how much she disliked being clung to. It didn't matter though. Knowing how emotional this moment was for the younger woman, Reggie wrapped an arm around her friends shoulders, balancing her body weight on one arm. Holding onto her for a moment, their bodies moved against one another completely. The new level of intimacy made them both shudder quietly in surprise. 

Reggie slid her arm down her friends side until she reached her thigh, tugging gently, she pulled her friends leg up around her own hip. Needing to reclaim some leverage of the situation she began to move faster. Clair let out a small growl in response, but was quickly bucking back against her with just as much fervor. 

The front door opened and Reggie tilted her head in curiosity. "Honey?" she called into the other room. 

"Yeah, it's me," Sydney, Reggie's wife, said. Her voice drawing closer to them, as she approached. "How was your day?" she asked entering the bedroom. She was trying to be serious, but her face broke out in a grin when she saw them. "Oh damn, you went through with it." 

Reggie looked up as she spoke. "Like what you see?" she asked, looking at her wife over her shoulder with her own grin to match. Claire was blushing furiously and trying to position herself under Reggie just right so that she was covered. 

Sydney came over to them and smiled. She cupped her wife's ass and fondled her for a moment as they kissed. "I know you're enjoying yourself," she said to Reggie as she smacked her ass. Her gaze moved to Claire and she asked, "How about you?" 

Claire didn't even think she could talk at that point. Her whole body was on edge and having Sydney carrying on a conversation like she wasn't being pounded by her wife in that very moment was just adding to the intensity of it all. She bit her lip and nodded that she was indeed enjoying herself. Showing off, Reggie swiveled her hips causing Claire's eyes to roll back. 

As she moved, Reggie sat up, bringing Claire's hips up to match the angle. She was completely exposed now and Reggie had all control over their movements. She thrust into her with steadier, but rough gestures. She had more control from this angle and enjoyed watching her wife take in the sight of their friend's naked torso. 

Grabbing Reggie's wrists, she quickly slipped her own hands around them and held them to her sides. "Don't be shy," she said, giving her a chiding look. Claire blushed, but nodded her consent and beat later Sydney was massaging her breasts with curious but firm touches. 

Reggie growled low as she watched her wife fondle her friend and she rocked her hips much faster than before. She was grinding herself as hard as she could, trying to get enough friction against herself to really enjoy herself. There was no competition between any of them, but seeing Claire's reaction to her wife's touch brought out her competitive side, not to mention she was just flat out turned on. 

The thrusts got faster and Reggie managed to wiggle her way back to lying on top of Claire. Sydney laughed at her wife's competitive nature and kissed her gently. "I'm gonna get in the shower, you two have fun," she said. She made her way to the dresser to grab clothes. 

Claire was barely even aware of anything other than the sensations Reggie was creating within her and she began to shake in expectation. She was so close and now that it was just them against she was practically crawling out of her skin to get as close as possible. She needed Reggie to finish her off. 

In the meantime, Reggie was close to coming herself. She and her wife were not new to threesomes, but she'd never been with someone on her own while they were together. It was exhilarating in it's own right. She had felt protective of Claire since they'd first met and she had realized what a complete mess her friend was, but this was different. She wanted Claire to come undone for her and her alone. It wasn't a cruel inclination, she just wanted to share that moment with the one person she felt comfortable with alone that wasn't her wife. 

Claire was right on the edge and hating herself for not being able to topple over. She was safe, she felt amazing, there wasn't anything to worry about, and yet, she was still scared. It felt like if she fell apart there would be no putting herself back together. 

Reggie continued to move against her and looked down with worry. "You're safe," she promised, not understanding what the resistance was. "I'll be right here, love. I won't let go." She brushed her fingers through sweaty hair affectionately. 

Claire nodded and tried to relax into it. She tried to let go. Trembling with need, she looked to Reggie with such wanton desperation. She was clutching at the other woman just on the brink. Her legs were trembling around the other women's hips and she felt that any moment now she would either come undone or pass out from so much need. 

Reggie shot a look to her wife who was in the bathroom just feet away changing with the door open. She looked back at Claire and her heart ached. They had become fast friends, despite Claire's attempts to push her away and sabotage herself. Chemistry had always been a natural part of their dynamic and there were very few things that felt wrong between them. It wasn't romantic, but it was real. A moment of truth in a world full of lies. She swallowed hard and leaned forward. 

Reggie placed a gentle kiss to her friends cheek and nuzzled against her ear. "I love you," Reggie promised. "You deserve to feel that," she added after just a beat. Her words were so tender and soft that Claire was reacting to them even before she had time to process what was said. 

Claire let out a cry and the tears began to flow along with her orgasm. Reggie held her tight and stayed steady until it was over. Then slipped her hips away and discarded the toy. She pulled Claire back into her arms, head tucked against her chest and wrapped tightly in the sheet. Things would be okay soon enough, for now, she just wanted her friend to have a safe place to fall apart.