 This story is my submission for the 2019 National Nude Day contest.

All characters featured in this story are 18 or older.

Thanks to storyteller19 for beta-reading and editing this story for me on such short notice. Your detailed feedback was incredibly helpful in polishing and improving the story.

-------------------

Laura pulled up next to the black iron gate, double-checking that the golden numbers in front of her indeed matched the address she had received. With a sigh she shoved her phone back into the pocket of her cutoff jean shorts. Rummaging through her bag she produced a bottle of water, took a sip, put it back again, adjusted her shoulder-length black hair, and straightened her red blouse. Running out of ways to stall, she finally forced herself to open the door and step out into the scorching summer heat.

"Okay, you can do this..." She took a deep breath and pressed the button of the intercom next to the gate, anxiously bouncing on the balls of her feet as she waited.

"Hello?" Alice's slightly distorted voice answered after a few seconds.

"Ehm, hi? It's Laura. You know, from school?"

"Oh, that Laura." A distorted giggle. "Come on in, the others are already here." There was the sound of a buzzer and the big gate slowly started to swing inward. Laura quickly returned to her still running car and drove up the long driveway to the mansion, the gravel crunching below her tires. Along the way she passed perfectly trimmed bushes, a handful of small trees and well-tended flower patches. The driveway curved towards the left of the mansion, leading to a small parking lot in the shade of a few bigger trees.

Normally, Laura was pretty confident in her driving skills, but the parking lot wasn't empty and the thought of accidentally scratching or denting any of the fancy and no doubt expensive cars had her holding the steering wheel in an iron grip that turned her knuckles white. By the time she was safely parked, a small river of sweat was running down her back. Although that could have easily been the heat too, as she only now noticed her AC had died on her once again somewhere in the process and the temperature in the car was climbing rapidly. Well, that was something she would worry about later. It was hardly the first time that had happened, and she was sure it wouldn't the last time either.

Laura grabbed her bag from the passenger seat and stepped out of the car, locking it behind her and tossing the keys in her bag. It was a force of habit, but it seemed silly in this situation. Who would steal her crappy old Audi when it was surrounded by all these luxurious cars? Not to mention that they'd have to get past the gate first, but not locking her car just felt wrong and she was sure she'd worry about it the whole time if she didn't.

Rounding the corner of the mansion, she noticed Alice was waiting for her at the door, holding it open invitingly. She was wearing a green sun dress that showed off her long, toned legs and left her shoulders bare. A pair of sunglasses were resting in her blond hair and her exposure to the sun had darkened her skin a shade or two since the last time Laura had seen her.

"Hey, long time no see. Hope it wasn't too hard to find?" Alice smiled and greeted her with a tight hug that took Laura slightly aback. Alice had never been this friendly back at high school. Even at their graduation two weeks ago she had only briefly talked with Laura before going back to hang out with the other popular girls. Although, to be honest, this was already an improvement over the majority of her high school career, where Laura had been practically invisible except to a few of the bullies. It had only been in the second half of their final year that Alice had seemed to become aware of her existence and occasionally talked to her. So far, she had been nice, unlike most of the other popular girls, but they never had been on the hug-greeting level before. Maybe it was because there was no audience here and Alice didn't have to worry about her reputation for once?

"Yeah, it was easy enough. There aren't many mansions in town, you know..." Laura laughed awkwardly, trying to ignore the suspicion that still lingered in the back of her mind. It had first taken root a few days ago, when she received the group text inviting her to a pool party and sleepover at Alice's place. Besides her, the other recipients of the invitation were Jenna and Emily, Alice's shadows back at school. It made sense they were invited, but Laura initially suspected she had received it by accident, and consequently ignored it. Alice must have just tapped the wrong person in her contact list, right? She'd never invite someone like Laura to hang out with her and her two best friends.

However, when Alice asked her specifically whether she was coming or not, Laura had no choice but to accept that she had been invited intentionally after all. It had taken an anxiety attack, half an hour of restless pacing and some arguing with herself to silence the voice in her head that told her it was a trap, but she had finally accepted the invitation. It was a bit suspicious as Alice had never invited her to anything before. However, despite the fact that high school was officially over now, she couldn't shake the feeling that this might be her chance to finally become one of the popular girls, even if it was just for one day.

Alice closed the door behind them and lead the way through the granite-floored hallway and into the spacious living room, where the other two girls were already waiting on one of the two couches.

Emily, the redhead and shortest of the three friends, smiled at Laura as she entered the room. "Oh, glad you could make it," she greeted.

"Finally," Jenna complained as she fanned her face with her hand. "No idea why you wouldn't just let us hop into the pool while we waited, but I'm dying over here." She hopped off the couch and undid her ponytail, letting her shiny brown hair loose for just a second before tying it back once again.

"Well, maybe you should have worn something that breathes on the hottest day of the week, then," Alice retorted as she gestured towards Jenna's signature torn jeans. Laura was pretty sure she had never seen the girl wearing anything else regardless of the weather. It seemed she exclusively owned ripped denim.

"Girls..." Emily rolled her eyes and got up as well. "I'm sure Laura could use a refreshing dive after driving in this weather," she said as she turned her attention to Laura. "Right?"

"Sounds good. The car was pretty hot indeed," Laura admitted, awfully aware of the way her blouse was sticking to her sweaty back. She decided not to mention the fact that her car's AC had died on her no less than three times during the relatively short drive, barely managing to lower the temperature at all. They probably wouldn't understand the struggles of having an old car anyway, or would suggest she just replaced it. Heck, she didn't even have the money to have someone look at the stupid AC, let alone buy a whole new car.

"I agree, we shouldn't keep the water waiting." Alice touched Laura's arm briefly to get her attention before leading the way once again and opened a big glass sliding door, stepping out into the burning sun with the others following suit.

Behind the mansion was a tiled terrace with several lounge chairs shaded by a big parasol. It looked out onto the largest lawn Laura had ever seen, perfectly mowed and hugging a big rectangular swimming pool with crystal clear water. Laura paused just outside the door, trying to wrap her head around the fact that this was a private pool in someone's backyard. True, in the backyard of the mansion of a very wealthy family, but in a backyard nonetheless. Somehow it impressed her even more than the mansion itself.

"Last one in is a rotten egg!" Alice shouted enthusiastically, turning Laura's attention back towards the girls. Alice had already tossed her sunglasses and dress onto one of the lounge chairs. Her panties followed only a moment later, giving Laura a full view of her round bubble butt and shaved pussy as she bent over. After tossing her panties onto the lounge chair, Alice stretched and leapt into the pool with a graceful dive. She emerged after a moment, whipping her wet hair out of her face and smiling at the others. "Come on, the water is great."

Laura stared at Alice as she waded through the pool. While only her head and shoulders poked out of the water, it didn't do much to obscure the fact that she was, in fact, completely naked. Laura could only manage to stare at her with wide eyes, her mind clouding over as surprise, shock, intrigue and disbelieve all wrestled for dominance.

"I thought you were hot." Emily's voice startled her.

"Y-you did?" Laura felt the blood rush to her face, not quite sure how to respond to that.

"Yeah, from the drive here. I figured you'd be even more excited to get into the water than Jenna was."

"Oh... Yeah, I-I was. I am." Of course that's what she meant, what was she thinking? Laura took a deep breath and forced a smile.

Now that she had managed to tear her eyes away from Alice, she noticed the other girls were also in the process of undressing. Emily had already stripped down to her underwear, and as she watched, the girl unclasped her bra and slipped it down her arms. While Jenna won in the height department, Emily's breasts were easily the largest of the group and, as Laura now noticed, sprinkled with the faint freckles that also covered her face.

"Fucking piece of..." To her right, Jenna cursed loudly, sitting on one of the other chairs. She was still mostly dressed, struggled to peel her tight jeans down her legs.

"Hurry up!" Alice complained as she was now leaning on the edge of the pool with her arms, her head resting on top of her hands. Her eyes met Laura's, who was still fully clothed. "Did you miss the pool party part of the invitation?"

"No, I eh... I just..." Laura tightened her grip on her bag as she watched a now fully undressed Emily slowly descend the stairs into the pool. "I just didn't think we'd... You know..."

"Swim naked?" Emily finished her question for her.

Laura nodded, not quite sure where to look as she didn't want to stare. Her face was glowing bright-hot, and she was pretty sure that wasn't caused by the sun.

"Why not? It's hot today and it prevents tan lines." Alice rolled her head to the side slightly, giving Laura a quizzical look.

"Well, yes, but..."

"Jesus, stop being such a fucking prude." Jenna rolled her eyes with the accompanying annoyed sound like only a teenage girl could. Having finally managed to remove her pants, she quickly pulled her shirt over her head to reveal her toned stomach and small firm breasts. "I don't have time for this bullshit." She stripped off her panties and bumped her shoulder against Laura's, causing her to drop her bag. Then Jenna took a few running steps and cannonballed into the pool, creating a splash big enough that Laura felt a few drops land on her legs. As she resurfaced, she noticed Emily was glaring at her. "What?"

Emily looked like she was about to say something, but then gave up and turned to Laura instead. "It's alright, it's just us girls here. Nothing we haven't seen before. You didn't have issues changing with us during PE, did you?"

"Well, no, but then I wasn't fully naked," Laura said. Ugh, Jenna was right. She was being a prude. Not to mention the fact that she was doing a horrible job fitting in, which had been her whole reason for coming here in the first place. This might be her only chance at being one of the popular girls and she was ruining it. Jenna's patience had already run out, and she knew it was only a matter before the others would follow.

Emily continued her gentle motivation. "Why don't you just take it one step at a time? We've already seen you in your underwear, so at least undressing that far shouldn't be an issue, right?"

It was true, she had never really minded changing during PE... Before she had fully made a conscious decision to do so, her hands had started unbuttoning her blouse. Yeah, this was fine. She had undressed in front of a much larger crowd of girls before. She could do this. Although, usually the audience wasn't staring straight at her while she did... She could feel Alice's eyes follow her progress intently.

"Whatever, wake me up when this is over." Jenna kicked off and started floating on her back, her breasts bobbing along the pool's surface like two miniature buoys.

Laura glanced up briefly after undoing the final button and was met with an encouraging nod from Emily. Then she shrugged off the blouse and tossed it onto the final empty lounge chair. Her hands were shaking slightly as she opened the button of her jean shorts and unzipped them, slowly pushing them down her legs and stepping out of the little bundle of denim.

"See, that wasn't too bad, was it?" Emily smiled comfortingly.

"No, I guess it wasn't," Laura said, as much to convince herself as the others.

"Hurry it up, we don't have all day." Alice's voice was started to be laced with annoyance, a sign her patience was starting to run out as well.

Laura nodded, trying not to think too much about what she was doing as her hands reached back for the clasp of her black bra, but then she hesitated. Maybe it was alright in front of the girls, but what if anyone else saw her? She instinctively glanced over her shoulder.

"Don't worry, it's just us four. My parents are probably lying on a beach somewhere in Italy right now, and they took my brother with them. The whole house is empty, and no one can see into our backyard," Alice said.

Glancing around, Laura took a good look at the trees surrounding the lawn. It would be very hard for someone peek through them. Besides, this mansion was surrounded by a high fence and was relatively remote, even their nearest neighbors would need a telescope to even see anything in the first place. No! Nope! Wrong thought! She mentally shook herself to fight off the sudden wave of anxiety.

"Come on, it's just tits." Alice stood up straight and shook her upper body, making her well-shaped breasts jiggle from side to side. "See? No big deal."

Laura swallowed and averted her eyes. While it was probably meant to calm her, all Alice did was made her think even more about the fact she would be naked soon. But the girl had been trying to encourage her and clearly didn't mind the nudity, so... She took a deep breath and forced herself to unhook her bra. It really should be fine if they were all so casual about it, right? With another encouraging nod from Emily, she finally let her bra slip down her arms and onto the ground.

"Yay..." Laura had almost forgotten Jenna was there for a moment, but her sarcastic voice proved she was still keeping an eye on the proceedings as well. She had finally stopped her driftwood impression and swam back to the edge. "Come on, hop in before the sun goes down. Or are you going to chicken out now? Bawk, bawk bawk." Alice elbowed her friend in the ribs below the water, making her groan and glare at her, but at least shutting the tall girl up.

Laura tried to ignore Jenna and hooked two shaking thumbs into the elastic band of her panties. No, she wasn't going to give up. If this was what it took to be part of the popular kids, then she couldn't show weakness now. Besides, they were all naked already, it wasn't like she would be the only one. It couldn't be a trap if they all did it, right? She closed her eyes, gathered her willpower and forced her hands to move, slowly pulling her underwear down.

"There you go!" Unlike Jenna, Emily's cheering actually sounded sincere.

"Finally! Come on and hop in, the water is amazing," Alice encouraged.

It took a lot of effort, but Laura managed to resist the urge to cover herself with her hands despite the three pairs of eyes that were taking in her exposed form. No, she had to own this. Let them stare. Awkwardly aware of the slight jiggle of her breasts with every step she took, she forced herself to walk towards the pool. Emily offered her a hand as she reached the edge, which she gladly took as she slipped into the water.

"It's good, isn't it?" Alice asked with a satisfied smile.

"Yeah, it's... It's nice." Laura smiled back, taking a few steps and getting used to the way the movement of the water gently caressed her pussy with every move. It felt nice, although it was a bit embarrassing to be feeling things down there when the others were watching her.

"Race to the other side?" Jenna suggested, already taking a ready stance against the edge of the pool.

The others agreed, and on Jenna's signal they all shot forward. Jenna easily took the lead with her long limbs and athletic build, with Alice following close behind. Laura had some difficulty to keep up, partially distracted by the view of the two round butts floating in front of her. Then the realization hit her that she was giving Emily the exact same view, as the girl was swimming right behind her. Perhaps it was the sudden burst of embarrassment, but Laura managed to keep her third place and arrived at the other end several seconds before Emily did, albeit panting like a dog and still slightly embarrassed.

"Fuck yeah, I won!" Jenna exclaimed triumphantly as she slapped the water with her hand, sending drops flying in every direction.

Laura breathed in deeply and leaned against the edge of the pool as she tried to catch her breath, only to suddenly vanish beneath the surface. Water forced its way into her mouth and nose and she panicked for a brief moment. Then her reflexes kicked in and launched her back to the surface. She gasped and coughed, gripping the edge of the pool tightly.

"Oh yeah, you can only stand on the other side. The pool has a slope to it so you can properly dive from here if you want," Alice casually informed her, gesturing towards the diving board above them with her head.

"Could have told me that before I nearly drowned..."

"Oh, stop whining and race me back to the other side already," Jenna said impatiently.

Alice agreed, but Laura and Emily decided to take it easy for now, staying behind together as they caught their breath.

"You okay?" Emily asked as the others took off once again. The usual subtle curls had vanished from her now soaked red hair, making it look longer than it normally did. She held on to the edge with one arm and put the other comfortingly around Laura's shoulders, who was oddly aware of the way the girl's soft breast was being squished against her arm. Emily didn't seem to notice or care, though.

"I'll live," Laura answered as she coughed once again.

"Good." Emily was silent for a moment, taking in Laura's naked form through the water. "I'm glad you decided to join us after all. You have a great body, you shouldn't be afraid to show it."

"Oh, ehm... thanks." A blush crept onto her face, but she hoped Emily would think it was still from the race or the fact that she almost drowned. "I wish I had a bit more curves though, like you."

Emily caught her glancing at her chest and laughed, lifting her big breasts above the water with her arm. "These udders?" She laughed, but there was a hint of sadness to it. "Nah, yours are way better. Not too big, but larger than Jenna's." She chuckled slightly, but then quickly glanced over her shoulder. Jenna was all the way at the other side of the pool though, cheering as she had apparently beaten Alice once again.

"Are you kidding me? Most girls would kill for a chest like that."

"Thanks, that's nice of you to say." Emily blushed and smiled bashfully, after which they stayed silent for a moment. "Come on, we should head back to the others."

Laura nodded and the two swam back side by side, taking it easy this time. Once again, Laura was oddly aware of the way the cool water seemed to caress her body. It was weird how much of a difference the absence of some thin pieces of fabric made. Her nipples had turned into hard nubs, although she wasn't sure whether that was from the cold water, the faint stimulation they got as she swam, or the sheer excitement of being naked in the first place. It was oddly freeing, and while she had some concerns at first, none of the girls had made fun of her body at all. Emily had even complimented her... She blushed again at the memory of how the redhead had looked at her. Laura didn't usually think of herself as attractive, but there had been something sincere about that compliment. Maybe the popular girls weren't as bad as she had been made to believe.
