 "There is no way you're getting me to participate in this..." Katie hollered.

"Katie, come on. Please?" Brittney tried to convince her, but she didn't succeed. She sighed and shook her head.

"Really, Brittney? Just stay out of it!" Katie snapped. "I refuse to dress up in tiny bras and underwear and pose for pictures. Find a better way to catch the killer."

Garrett and Tony groaned. "Sorry, Katie, but we have to do this. He has already raped and killed 7 other women. All y'all have to do is pose for some pictures, and when he tries something stupid, we'll be there."

Katie sighed, beyond pisses. To be honest, she loved going undercover. She loved being able to express herself in various ways. The thing that was bothering her was that she was going to be half naked around Brittney... Her sexy, curvy body, and her round, tight... She blinked multiple times to get her mind back into reality.

"Katie, it can't be that bad. We will be together." Brittney tried to soothe her friend.

"That's the problem." Katie thought to herself. Sighing heavily once again, she threw her hands up in the air. "Fine. What the hell."

(next day)

When the team reached the photo shoot area, Katie and Brittney's eyes widened.

"You can't be fucking serious..." Katie yelled at Garrett and Tony as she spotted the location for the pictures. A king size bed with satin sheets. Fantastic. Brittney's heart began to beat wildly as she realized just what kind of photo shoot "this man" had in mind.

"Oh my lord..." Brittney whispered.

"Come on Katie, Britt. Just a few pictures and then it'll be over." Tony claimed.

"Maybe it won't be so bad, Katie."

Eventually hair and makeup people rushes over to them, immediately taking them in different directions to get them ready. Costume people came in afterwards. Katie was given a black, lacy bra and some matching boy shorts. Brittney was given a white see through blouse with matching panties and delicate high heeled shoes.

Both women took their kinky outfits and put them on. Brittney admired herself in the dressing room mirror and was pleased, for the getup looked great on her. The panties were small and shaped her ass nicely, her breasts looking even more perky. Katie on the other hand, was mortified. The outfit looked fabulous on her, but all she cared about was what Brittney would think. The panties cut perfectly around her rounded ass. Katie wished she was in pants.

One last glance in the mirror and Katie stepped out of the dressing room, only to have her breath swept away. "Holy shit, Brittney." She whispered. She stood a few steps away from Katie, having a last minute fix done to her makeup. Katie's eyes were locked on Brittney's body. Brittney stood, her shapely naked legs, the small heels adoring her feet. The sheer blouse allowed Katie to see her ample curves of her breasts and when a costume person pulled up her blouse up to check on her panties, Katie thought she could cum just from looking at her.

Suddenly, Katie was pulled from her thoughts as the photographer yelled and clapped his hands. Brittney turned and her breath was instantly gone. Katie was standing there, looking incredibly sexy in her lingerie.

Their eyes met and color rose to both of their cheeks.

"Okay, Katie, Brittney, on the bed please!" Both women gulped and walked slowly to the bed, sitting on opposite ends.

"Katie?" Brittney whispered. "We can do this, right? We're friends."

Katie smiled slightly. "Yes, Britt. We can do this."

"Okay." Mike, the photographer, said. "Katie in the center of the bed, on your back! Brittney, cuddle up to her side."

They moved slowly and hesitantly. Katie laid down, stiff as a board, her hands grasped tightly at her sides, Brittney half a foot away from her.

"Come on, girls! Loosen up a bit! Katie, put your hands over your head, show off those breasts of yours. Aren't they lovely, Brittney?" Brittney just nodded her head sheepishly. "Brittney, you have to move close to her, my dear. Put your hand on her stomach and look at her like you're going to ravish her alive."

Katie gulped heavily as she raised her arms about her head and watched as Brittney slid up next to her. Biting her lip as Brittney's smooth hand slid over her stomach, her hair teasing Katie's shoulder.

"That's better." Mike smirked. "Now draw some small patterns on Katie's stomach." He began snapping photos as Brittney followed his instructions. Softly dragging her fingers over Katie's taunt abs. She felt her panties dampening.

"Shit." Brittney thought. "This is NOT good." Katie's eyes narrowed a bit at her delicate touch and prayed that her heart pounding out of her chest wasn't noticeable.

"That's it, now look at each other like you're madly in love."

Brittney raised her eyes until they were looking into Katie's. Katie gasped as she saw Brittney's intense gaze. She wished she could offer Brittney words of some sort, but they failed her.

"Okay Brittney, I need you to run your leg up Katie's slowly." Mike said as he took photos of them. Brittney slowly slid her leg up Katie's until their inner thighs were pressed together.

"Oh Brittney, your ass looks lovely in those panties. Katie, lift her blouse up a bit so I can take some shots of her perfect little ass."

At this, Brittney blushes a deep shade of red and Katie smirked. "No fair, I can't see it." Both women laughed a bit at her joke.

"We'll take care of that in a moment, Katie. For right now, lift up her blouse some more and lay your fingers over her lower back." Katie bit her lip as she felt her body begin to respond.

"Great!" Mike said as he clicked away. "Alright, now Brittney, place a few kisses to her shoulder. Katie, make sure her hair doesn't get in the way."

Katie's hand slid up into Brittney's soft hair, grabbing some of it lightly and holding it back as Brittney's lips pressed softly against her shoulder.

"Perfect. Now Brittney, press your body into Katie's. She wont mind the weight, press all of yourself on her."

Brittney did as instructed, sighing almost audibly at the heat that spikes through her when she felt their breasts pressed together. Katie breathed heavily as she continued to stare into her eyes.

"Good! Now give Katie a small kiss on the cheeks." Brittney licked her lips before pressing a soft kiss to her cheek. "Katie, hold her hair back again, I want to be able to capture those lips on your skin." Once a few shots were taken, Mike spoke again. "Alright, now her lips, Brittney. Kiss her good."

Katie's heart beat rapidly as Brittney's mouth warmly covered hers. The force of the kiss caused them both to tremble.

"You two are gorgeous together." Mike commented. "Okay, lets move on."

Katie was pretty much beyond caring about what was going on. She had a half naked beauty laying on top of her. Brittney, her best friend, who she was madly in love with on top of her, kissing her. She loved Brittney and right now she could express that love with no downfall. Reluctantly, they broke apart.

Brittney smiled a small smile down to Katie as their faces were so close together. Both of them could smell the others perfume, their eyes a darker shade than normal.

Their gazing stopped when Mike spoke again. "Okay, Katie, would you mind turning away for a moment? I need Brittney to remove her blouse. Brittney, please remove your blouse and lay on your stomach."

This was insane, Brittney thought. Grabbing the end of the blouse, Brittney stripped herself of it and tossed it aside, quickly laying on her stomach. Katie happened to turn around just in time to catch a glimpse of Brittney's chest before it was gone.

"Now Katie, scoot down a bit until your head is next ti Brittney's and prop yourself up on your hand. Lovely. Now stretch that gorgeous body of yours along hers...that's it." Mike clicked away.

Brittney turned her head, watching as she slid closer, her head resting on her hand, a small, sexy smile on her lips.

"Brittney, doll, cross your legs at the ankle and raise that gorgeous ass of yours in the air." Brittney bit her lip as she did what was asked of her, praying that no one could see that her panties were completely soaked. "Now, Katie, starting at the base of Brittney's knee, run your hand slowly up her leg and squeeze that ass of hers."

"My pleasure." Katie whispered. Her fingers slid up the back of her leg until she reached Brittney's ass. Cupping it softly, Katie gave it a squeeze. Brittney's eyes fluttered at the feeling.

"Brittney, don't close your eyes yet. I need you to look at Katie, look at her like she's the only thing in the world you can see right now. Like you can't wait to do all of the dirty things you're thinking of."

It was at that moment that Katie realized they had been set up by Garrett and Tony.

Brittney gasped. She knew that this was not a real photo shoot. Glancing at Katie, she refused to put an end to it.

"Beautiful." Katie breathed softly as her fingertips stroked over Brittney's rounded ass cheeks that hung out of the panties.

"That's great, Katie. Tease her. Make her breathless."

This entire scenario was turning Brittney and Katie on like mad. Brittney couldn't remember a time when she was so aroused. Between the feeling of Katie's delicate but firm fingers caressing her skin and Mike's words Brittney felt like she was on fire with sex. Brittney was so close, fighting the idea of rolling over and begging Katie to fuck her. She wondered what Katie would do if she was to propose such a thing. She could see herself whispering in her ear. "Please Katie, please fuck me. I want you." Instead however, Brittney merely lay there trembling under Katie's touch. 

"Now Katie, be a naughty girl and run your tongue up her spine. You're not fucking around anymore, you want this woman and you're going to have her." Mike encouraged. Katie moaned as she bent her body over Brittney's. Flicking her tongue out, Katie started at the top of her ass, letting her tongue drag up Brittney's entire spine. 

Katie did it once more, this time running her tongue all the way to Brittney's ear lobe, nipping once at it playfully. "Oh." Brittney breathed.

"Do it once more Katie, but this time slip your fingers into Brittney's panties. Is that okay Brittney?" Mike teased them. He knew they would comply, their arousal clearly evident. "Brittney? Could Katie slid her fingers under your panties?"

"Yes!" Brittney breathed out heavily in anticipation. "Yes it's okay." Brittney wanted to be touched so badly, she was aching and soaking wet. She wanted nothing more than to feel Katie's fingers stroke her pussy, no longer caring who saw.

"Mmm." Katie moaned deeply, her voice dropping an octave. Bending her head down once more she teased the top of her ass with her tongue, just as her fingers slipped under Brittney's tiny panties. Katie felt her pussy, slick and wet. She knew Brittney would most likely be wet, but the feeling of her arousal under her fingertips was overbearing. Brittney jumped up slightly, sighing at the incredibly naughty feeling of her best friend's fingers between her legs. Katie softly stroked over her folds, moving back and forth across her pussy's opening. It was driving Brittney fucking crazy. Not being able to stop herself, Brittney grabbed the pillow above her and bit into it.

"Oh fuck." Katie moaned.

"That's right Katie. I can only imagine how good she feels, how warm and wet." Mike said, hotly clicking his camera away. "Stroke that hot pussy of hers, make it ache it feels so good." Katie continued to work her fingers under the small panties, stroking Brittney under her hips rose off the bed. "Ahh yes Katie, that's great. One more thing I need you to do. Stroke the hot little clit. You know Brittney wants you to, just go ahead and stroke it."

Brittney nearly came right then, hearing Mike telling Katie to stroke her clit. Raising her hips once more she encouraged Katie to do it. Katie bit her lip hotly, her fingers gliding forward until they circled around her throbbing clit. The first stroke was heaven to Brittney and she cried out into the pillow. Feeling her head become dizzy with the pleasure, Brittney held onto the pillow for dear life.

Both woman heard the silence in the room, the only sounds, their erotic pleasure and the sound of Mike's camera clicking away.

Katie's fingers still sliding over and over again around Brittney's most intimate flesh in small circles. Her touch didn't cease, never faltered, bringing Brittney higher and higher until it threatened to consume her.

"Oh God." Brittney whimpered softly as Katie flicked her clit. Wailing into the pillow, Brittney's hips flew up uncontrollably, trembling violently.

Brittney sought Katie's fingers, she wanted they deep inside of her. Katie didn't fail her, burying two fingers deep inside of her. The sudden pleasure of being filled by Katie sent Brittney into a soul-shattering orgasm. Brittney shook and cried out Katie's name into the pillow, gasping for breath. Katie was right along with her, panting hard trying to control herself.

She couldn't believe it. She had her fingers buried deep inside of Brittney's dripping pussy and she was about to cum herself. "Get out!" Katie yelled at everyone. "OUT!"

They all ran quickly, Mike snapping a few more before fleeing the room as swell.

Brittney turned around quickly, pulling Katie's fingers from her body. "Oh God, Katie." Katie peeled off Brittney's panties while Brittney lowered Katie's.

The instant Katie was freed from the confines of the panties, Brittney flipped them, sucking on Katie's pussy, tasting her. Katie screamed, already having been built up so much. "Oh fuck Britt.'

"Mmm." Brittney moaned against her pussy as she licked Katie clean from her unexpected orgasm, so grateful to finally be here with her.

"Oh sweetheart." Katie whispered out loud. "Brittney I... oh fuck I want you." She pulled Brittney up, kissing her deeply.

"I want you too." Brittney whispered against her lips.

"Lay on your back, Britt. I want to be inside you." Brittney nodded, pulling Katie's bra off, before laying back down. Katie smirked and flipped herself the opposite way, throwing her leg over Brittney's face. Brittney smirked, her googlemind, telling her that this was the 69 position.

Brittney fell underneath her body, pulling her down on top of her as both of their hands glided to their hot depths. Brittney cried out again as Katie's fingers filled her up beyond reason, capturing her body.

"Oh Katie, Oh yes!" Brittney cried out as she tried to grind against her hand. Brittney slid three of her own fingers into Katie's slick pussy, pumping them deep and hard.

"Fuck Britt. Oh my pussy, fuck it. Fuck it! Don't stop, don't stop." Katie cried out, begging Brittney as their fingers matched pace. Both woman were pleading with the other, not wanting this pleasure to stop. They were fucking each other, and it was fucking hot.

"Mmm don't stop Katie! Oh you feel so good inside of me. Don't stop." Brittney chanted.

Both were crying out now, their resolve shattering as the mind-blowing pleasure threatened to consume them.

"Brittney! Oh come with me." Katie begged as she slammed into her so fast and hard, struggling to maintain her own sanity as she felt Brittney's fingers do the same.

Both screamed out, seeing starts as their orgasms crashed together. Brittney shrieked out Katie's name, riding herself through the most intense orgasm of her life. Katie's screams of pleasure only barely registered in her brain and both fought hard to regain their breath.

"Brittney. Oh God, so good." Katie managed to choke out, falling off of her. "Oh God." Katie said again after a moment, moving up to Brittney and running her hand through her sweaty curls.

They kissed them, a kiss full of love and compassion, of lust and of promise. Finally breaking away from Brittney's delicious mouth, Katie whispered, "I love you Brittney. More so than a best friend should."

Brittney smiled, holding Katie close. "Then be more than my best friend Katie. Be with me." Brittney kissed her again before looking into her eyes. "I love you too Katie."

After a few moments Katie sighed. "We were set up."

"I know." Brittney nodded.

"I'm going to kill them." Katie smirked, before both woman smiled and laughed.

"Well I happened to enjoy the photo shoot. I'm going to thank them." Brittney smirked back.

"Maybe after I kill them..." Katie trailed off, kissing Brittney again.

They didn't know it, but Garrett and Tony were still behind the door listening. High-fiving the other they both smirked. Their planned had worked perfectly after all.