  Dizzylia: Came to my rescue, very quick editing. Thank you.

*****

What exquisite torture.

I've been watching my friend discreetly for the better part of an hour. Every movement, every brush of her hair, every small smile, the way she lifts the glass to her lips, every heartfelt laugh. She has me enraptured.

Ok, so some might suggest that it was the drink that might have something to do with the warm fuzzies I was feeling, but I know the difference and this beautiful woman has me entranced.

She is gorgeous, clever, funny, intoxicating, AND married.

She gets up to go to the toilet. I watch her go, watch the way her hips sway as she walks and the carefree way she stops to talk to the multitude of people she knows in the pub. I watch her magic, the way people seem to light up when she speaks to them. Is it just her own radiance or are people, like me, just so enamoured of her? I glance around me, broken from my thoughts. Has anyone noticed? Shit! Has her husband? I look over at him only to see him in deep conversation with the barman. Phew!

Before I can really think about what I'm doing, I stand and make my way quickly to the toilet. I get there before her, as she is still chatting to people in the bar. I quickly enter a cubicle and sit down, head in my hands.

What the hell do you think you're playing at? She's married! She's straight! You like her husband! She's MARRIED!

I hear the toilet door to the bar open and then a cubicle door open and shut, and I figure that she must have made it away from all the people wishing to talk to her. Ok, so what I need to do is get up and leave. Go back to the bar and make my excuses. Say I'm too drunk or I'm working tomorrow. Anything. Just leave.

I flush the toilet as I'm leaving so as not to seem like I was just hiding out, and exit the cubicle.

I'm standing washing my hands at the basin when I feel her approach and nudge me out of the way so she can wash her own hands. I playfully push her back, and she flicks me with water. I grab at her wrists to stop her and then look into her eyes... oh fuck, those eyes! Those beautiful blue eyes that have always drawn me in are now not letting me go, not letting me look away. I feel my heart skip a beat and my breathing quicken. Just as the edges of my vision starts to go blurry with lust, I hear the toilet door being pushed open and this breaks the spell she has over me and I hastily drop her wrists.

She catches my hand and drags me into a cubicle, pushing the door shut just as three giggling women burst into the toilet. I stifle a gasp and look at her, only to find her gazing at me.

I'm trapped again, eyes locked on hers. The noises of the giggling women at the mirrors fade into nothing as my entire world becomes her. I can feel her pulling me in... physically? Emotionally? Sexually?

Before I know what I'm doing and can stop myself, I lean forward, tentatively and slowly, oh so slowly, I graze her lips with my own.

Her eyes fly wide open in surprise and something else? Did I actually see that? Does she want me the way I want her?

I lean in again, this time a little more purposefully, and when our lips meet it is as much her doing as my own.

My stomach flips and I get butterflies. I've heard people talk about kisses feeling like electricity, but I've always figured that was poetic licence. Never thought it was a real thing. I ease my tongue into her mouth and feel her eagerly respond. We kiss as though we have always been doing it.

I put my arm firmly round her waist and draw her in tightly, possessively. My other hand is on the back of her head, pulling her to me.

We could have been anywhere. The fact we are crammed into a tiny toilet cubicle is completely lost to me as I hungrily kiss her.

Moving my lips to her neck and exposed shoulder, I hear her moan appreciatively which elicits a small groan deep at the back of my throat, almost a growl. My fingers become entangled in her hair and I push her back hard against the wall, pushing myself against her, pinning her.

I find my hands on her hips, urging her closer to me. I want to be as close to this woman as possible.

Without breaking our now frantic kisses I move my hands to her wrists and raise her hands above her head. Using just one hand to hold them in place, I have a free hand to explore her body.

My right hand is soon inside her top and enfolds her right breast. I almost immediately feel her nipple harden and run my thumb in a circle round it, hearing her intake of breath as I do so.

I look directly into her eyes and all self-restraint and morals go out the window. This woman is hot and has been in so many of my dreams. I ache for her.

Pushing her top up, I dip my head and brush my lips against the lacy material of her bra. Cupping her ample breast in my hand, I rub my lips over her nipple before taking it in my teeth and biting down on it. I hear her gasp in an exciting mixture of pleasure and pain and feel a throb deep inside me as my body responds. Turning my attention to her other breast, I bite down hard on her nipple through her bra, this time harder wanting to test her limits. Although she draws in her breath rapidly, she arches her body towards me, pushing her perfect tits into my face.

I release her hands, and before I know it my hands are on her arse, gripping her tightly and pulling her to me, lifting her slightly onto her tip toes. We are kissing frantically and passionately and I feel her hand move to the back of my head, fingers entwining into my short hair and pulling it.

I pull back from her briefly and see a wicked, flirtatious look on her face.

Oh, so that's the way you want to play it, is it?!

I grab at her wrists again, this time in control. I know what I'm doing and I put them high above her head, once again pinning her against the cubicle wall. I reach my hand round behind her and quickly work the clasp of her bra, releasing her breasts. Without waiting for her to respond I push her bra up and take her nipple in my mouth, sucking it and flicking it with the tip of my tongue. She arches towards me and I feel her trying to pull her hands free of my grasp.

Oh no, sweetheart, that isn't happening. I grip harder and bite her nipple. She cries out and I give her a warning look. We both know how dangerous this is, and yet neither of us seems capable of stopping it.

I kiss her deeply and push her legs apart with my knee.

I unbutton her jeans and, unable to wait, I slide my hand down inside them. This time it's my turn to be shocked as I discover that she is commando. She is shaved in such a way as to leave a small amount of stubble. I give a deep guttural moan at the back of my throat as my questing finger finds her clit.

She is so wet that my finger glides over it easily as I slowly begin to circle it. She gives a small whimper of delight and her head drops forward onto my shoulder.

I let my finger explore her, feeling her breathing quicken as I touch her.

I am throbbing hard as I continue to touch her.

Using my thumb and ring finger, I part her lips back, stretching her open. She moans hard and says my name into my neck.

Her clit is large. I push my middle finger down hard on it and feel it jerk and pulse. I hold my finger there not moving it, enjoying the experience. She must be, too, as she starts to move against me. I lighten my touch, wanting to tease her, wanting to feel her push hard against me, and she doesn't disappoint. She starts to kiss my neck, sucking and licking it, sending shivers of pleasure all over my body.

I begin to flick her clit, just the tip, and she moans deeply.

I am so turned on, I am filled with this woman, the taste of kissing her, the warmth of her body pressed against mine, the smell of sex that is lingering in the air, the slick wetness of her as I start to circle her clit more quickly.

She is groaning quietly into my neck now, and I can feel waves of wetness dripping out of her pussy. I slide my finger down and tease the opening to her cunt, dipping the end of my finger into her. I do this a few times and she starts to grind into me, trying to encourage me to fuck her.

I push my finger hard into her and she pulls her hands free of my grasp and puts them both on the back of my head, pulling me into a hard, frantic kiss. I put my hand on the cubicle wall to brace us both and I start to fuck her hard with my finger. Finding her g-spot, I rub my finger over it and feel her start to go weak at the knees. I use my body to pin her to the wall and slip a second finger into her. Fucking her hard, she entwines her fingers through my hair and pulls it, moaning into my mouth as she does so.

I move my fingers back onto her clit, rubbing in a steady circular movement. Her breathing starts to come in small shallow breaths and she holds my face close to hers giving me short kisses. I speed up, unable to stop myself, and she starts to quiver and moan loudly. I put my mouth over hers in less of a kiss and more of an attempt to keep her quiet as the throes of her orgasm completely take over her and she starts to buck against my hand. 

She slumps against me, panting heavily, and I ease my hand out of her jeans. I put my finger under her chin and raise her head to look at me. Those beautiful eyes meet mine, and I gaze into them, searching, hoping. Please don't let there be remorse. But she smiles at me, reassuringly. What an amazing woman... she is reassuring me. Kisses me so softly and lovingly on my lips and I melt into her.

Suddenly the bathroom door is opened and her name is called. She replies that she will be there shortly. She quickly does her bra up, straightens her clothes, kisses me briefly and then she's out the door and gone.