  Thanks once again to Dizzylia for helping out with my sloppy grammar and spelling.

*****

I pick up my phone to ring her, and my stomach gives an almighty lurch. What the fuck will I say?

"Oh hey, Corey, just phoning to see what you thought of me fucking you last night?"

Hmmm, maybe not.

I drop the phone back on the bed covers and bury my face in the pillow. Ok, Roberts, you can do this. Pick up the phone and call her. She's your friend.

Reaching for the phone, I dial her number and push call before I can change my mind. Oh fuck, it's ringing! No backing out now! A chant starts up in my head... please don't answer, please don't answer, please don't answer.

"Hi," Corey answers, and I'm unable to speak. "Hey Charlie, you there?" she asks.

Ok, lead with the hangover...

"Hey Corey, how you feeling? My head is killing me, I feel like my brain is trying to pour out my eyes!" Yeah that's good, gives her an out. Makes it easy for her to say she doesn't remember, that she drank too much.

"Ooph me too! What a night huh?"

What a night indeed! It's not every night you fuck the woman you have a major crush on in the pub toilets whilst her unsuspecting husband sits in the bar.

"Yeah, you could say that..." and I leave it open, almost like a question. Waiting to see if she'll mention anything.

"So what you up to today?" she asks.

Ok, so not mentioning it. Does that mean she doesn't remember, or she's too bloody embarrassed to say a thing?

"Nothing much, I can barely lift my head off the pillow, so I thought I would just chill out and watch some movies. What about you? You gonna spend the day with Jack?" There we go, that's easy, just be nice and friendly. No need to talk about it if she doesn't want to.

"No, Jack is working today so I thought I would come and hang out with you for the day... if you're up for it?" Corey replies.

Um... am I ever!

"Yeah that would be fine," I reply, trying to maintain my composure. "Just head round when you're ready. I'll be here."

"Ok, cool, I'll see you soon." And then she's gone before I can even reply.

I try to leap out of bed only to be hindered by the rhythmic pounding in my head. I definitely didn't exaggerate my hangover! Ok, easy does it, shower first.

Stepping into the shower, I feel the cool water start to ease away my hangover, unfogging my mind and allowing me to think.

What should I say to her? Should I even say anything?

I begin to soap myself as I think, and unbidden my fingers linger over my nipples. Stroking them as I think of the way Corey's felt under my touch. How she strained to push her body closer to mine. Urging me on.

God, she is so hot. That beautiful woman wanted me last night.

I press my forehead against the tiles, and my fingers find my clit as images from last night flash through my head... the way she was kissing me, urgent frantic kisses, making me believe I was the only person in the world. Pinning her to the wall, hand sliding down inside her jeans. My finger on her clit, rubbing it. As I think this, I rub my own, picking up speed, feeling my legs start to shake - as hers did last night - as I start to cum. "Oh, Corey." I'm shocked to hear myself utter her name.

I don't know how long I stand there, water pouring over me, shaking from a quick but intense orgasm. Coming back to myself, I realise that she will be here soon. Shit, she will be here soon!

The buzzer goes and I rush to let her in, and then panic hits me. Oh well, here goes nothing. I open the door just as she reaches it.

"Hey." I grin sheepishly at her. Without saying a word, she throws her arms round me and pulls me into a cuddle. I stiffen briefly, then find myself relaxing. How can I not? She just feels right to me.

She lets me go and I fight the urge to cling to her, to kiss her, to tell her how I feel.

"So, what we gonna watch?" she asks, and with that she's in my living room and kicking off her shoes.

Ok, you can do this, I counsel myself as I follow her nonchalantly, then drop onto my couch. I watch her as she shrugs out of her jacket. As always, I fixate on the curve of her hips and have to drag my eyes off her before she catches me staring.

Corey turns and looks at me, gives an impish grin, and then she's standing over me, I get butterflies in my stomach, don't know what to do. She leans over and kisses me. I am so shocked I don't even respond. This doesn't deter her. She straddles my knee, wraps her fingers through my hair, and kisses me deeply. I moan into her mouth and kiss her back. Before long my hands find their way onto her back, one hand on the small of her back and the other at the nape of her neck. Pulling her to me, I start to take back some control. Why does this woman have that effect on me? She is the inexperienced one, and yet I am the one acting like I've never even kissed a woman.

I kiss her slowly and deeply, caressing her tongue with mine in long sensuous strokes. She responds in the same way, and again it's like we have always been kissing each other. No awkwardness, just us and the simple pleasure of kissing.

Taking her tongue in my mouth, I suck it gently, briefly, unsure about whether she will like it. The deep moan that escapes her lips is all the encouragement I need, and I suck it again, this time longer.

I feel her start to move against my knee, grinding into me, and I can't help but move with her.

My hands are on her hips, encouraging her to rest her weight on my thigh so that when she grinds, her clit rubs hard against me.

Fuck, it's so hot, and I can feel myself getting wetter and wetter as I move with her. We stop kissing and our eyes lock. The pure lust I feel is mirrored in her eyes. I feel a wet patch starting to develop on my thigh, and I let out a deep, guttural groan.

Corey starts to grind harder on me, and my hands are on her back again, pulling her slightly forward, controlling the tempo. Her breathing comes in short gasps, and she starts to call my name.

Fuck, is there anything sexier?

I pull her to me and kiss her hard and demandingly, crushing her lips to mine as she cums, riding my leg. She flops forward and leans her head on my shoulder just like last night as I hold her. Listen to her breathing gradually return to normal. Listen to my heartbeat skip and dance with what we have just done... again.

My thoughts trail away. There is only the comfort of holding this woman.

She lifts her head and kisses me, a deep, passionate kiss. Then slides off me, nestles herself to me on the couch and asks again... "So, what are we watching?"