 Sharon always seemed to be having one difficulty after another. When I first met her on line she was involved with someone in Florida, she said it was her wide. I took that to mean she was the domme and her girl friend was the sub. She was very loyal and wouldn't even role-play.

Then thinks stated to happen and she broke up with her friend and got real depressed. It sounded like she really needed someone. When we chatted every night I would have to reassure her things would get better and she would get over her friend.  

Now how was I so sure of myself, telling someone else things would be okay, I was no psychologist?  I had only my own past relationships to draw from and a lot of sense my dad had drilled into me as I was growing up.  He made allot of sense sometimes and none, or at least I thought so, at others.

Well that's another story, this one is about Sharon and me.  I made the mistake of telling Sharon where I was from and what I did.  She called all the places I might work at and found out the name of the place by asking for me on the times I wasn't working.  That is why when she showed up one night at the motel and announced who she was I couldn't believe it.

I was concerned I had a stalker on my hands. I need not have worried. What happened turned out to be one of the most enjoyable two weeks of my young life. Let me explain, I'm 24 and Bi femme, I enjoy being with women, but have had times men were fun as well. As it turns out Sharon was also Bi, but she had never said as much.  She was also very pretty. I had never heard her voice but the words we chatted on line gave me a picture of her to muse over in my mine.  It was fairly accurate.

At 5'6' with dirty blond hair and blue penetrating eyes, and an athletic figure she was very desirable. We spent the entire night, while I was at work, getting to know each other better.  In the morning she came home with me.  Too late to turn back now.

2.

After showing Sharon where things were in the apartment I got undressed to take a shower. I had the water running a little hot like I enjoy it and the bathroom was full of steam.  Sharon came in and before I knew it she was in the shower with me. "I thought you might like to have someone scrub your back.'" Had that been all he had in mine I would have been real surprised.

As I stood with my face to the water she put her arms around me and hugged me close to her, with her pussy against my ass and her hands cupping my breast she began to nuzzle my neck with her lips. It had been a long time since I had been with anyone and the touch of her evoked a sigh from my lips. She took that as a signal to go further and began to cares my tits and nipples, pinching them erect and then tweaking each nipple as I moaned thru the water.

With one hand continuing to message my tits she moved her other to caress the soft belly skin and touched my mound of joy. All the while pressing herself against my ass. As we swayed and moved the excitement was growing.  I turned to face her and took her face in my hands and kissed her mouth hungrily.  My tongue searching her mouth, nippling on her lips, kissing her eyes, her ears and her neck.  My kisses were returned and we began groping each other as the excitement built.

Finally I broke free and said, "I need to get clean for real, but if I do I just have to come back, let's dry off and get in bed." I turned the water off and we each took a towel and started to dry off. As we dried each other we moved to the bedroom and fell on the bed, still wet.  I took a long look at her beautiful body with her long legs and muscular build she was a goddess. I wasted no time as I pounced on her and pinned her to the bed. 

I held her arms out wide and lowered myself to her face kissing her all over and nibbling on her ear lobe and then I moved down her shoulders to her breast. They were spread out yet they stood tall and perky. I could hardly choose which one I wanted first.  I began by kissing each nipple and pursing my lips on them.  They became hard and I took one then the other between my lips and with my tongue licked and suckled back and forth back and forth as she squirmed beneath me with pleasure. 

She got free of my hands and held my head against her breast moaning each time I switched from one tit to the other.  When she could stand it no more she pushed me over and now straddled me. Her hands gently squeezed my tits pressing them together and licking the tips of the nipples, nipping them with her teeth causing me to groan with the touch of pleasure.

Now she slid down my legs and held my legs open wide.  She began at my knees and licking and kissing she went from the knee to the lips of my pussy then over and down the other side.  She would stop to probe a tongue between my lips briefly and then go on. Her nipples and kisses brought me to orgasm. I reached for her head and pulled her to my pussy "You made me cum bitch now lick me." 

She was more than willing as she parted my pussy lips with her fingers and lapped at my pussy slowly licking the juices that we seeping out. Then she attacked my clit uncovering it and flicking her tongue over it.  As she did she drove three long fingers in my pussy driving them in and out in and out as she licked and played on my clit. As I jerked and rose my hips up with my second orgasm she giggled and said" You will have many more before this night is thru."  And I did.

After the second explosion it was her turn. I pulled her away from me and tried to stop jerking with the pleasure. Then I pulled her on to the bed and took her in my arms. I want to hug her and hold her she had just made me feel so good I needed the feel of her in my arms.

When I finally broke free I reached in my nightstand for my vibrator. It was her turn to explode.  Her pussy was wet when I parted her lips; she must have had an orgasm as well. While she lay back with her legs drawn up and held open I turned on the vibrator and parted her lips with it. Slowly in pushed it in and out twisting it around and around.   The humming noise was drowned out by the moans of pleasure she was making.  Her hand grasped mine trying to make me go faster but I pushed it away as I rubbed the Vb on her clit. She rose up jerking and I knew she had another orgasm.  I didn't want to stop, but the smell of her sex was overpowering and I pulled the VB out and buried my face in her pussy sucking and licking at her wetness.  My fingers now replacing the VB and they were soaked with her juices. 

She held my head pressed against her as I licked and chewed on her pussy lips, pulling them taut and then letting go. My fingers now driving fast and hard in and out in and out as she rose up erupting with another violent orgasm. When she relaxed as it passed she pulled my face to hers licking my face of her juices And then she kissed me hard and long.  

Having spent our energy so violently we lay back each breathing with short panting breaths. As the excitement wore off we both fell into a deep sleep. Lying naked uncovered on the bed each having their own dream of what they hoped was to come with the wakening.

When I woke Sharon was lying beside me still, her beautiful body spread out begging me to attack it. I rose to use the toilet and when I returned she was awake and sitting on the edge of the bed with nothing but a smile on her face. The urge grew stronger.

When I entered the room she bounded off the bed and as she passed me by kissed me quick on the lips and went into the bathroom.  I but on some panties and a tee and went to the kitchen.  I wanted to eat her but I think we both needed food.  I started a pot of coffee and got out some snack cakes, I didn't ever eat a big breakfast but this morning I was starving, mmm I wonder why.

Sharon joined me dress like me in panties and tee. As we sat enjoying a bite to eat with our coffee the conversation was mostly about what we could do for the day before I had to get ready for work.  I had two more days before I was off. As much as I would like to spend them in bed I knew if I got started I might not want to quit and I needed a job. I left Sharon watching TV and went to shower and get dressed. When I had finished Sharon did the same. During the time we were talking while I was working Sharon told me she had pulled up roots and was looking for another place to settle in. So we went looking for a job for Sharon. She could stay with me for now and we could see what developed.  After last night I was ready for her to be my live in and would love to take care of her, but we knew I couldn't afford that so she would have to find work if she was to stay here.

The day, what was left of it since we had gotten up at two, went fast and when we got home I just had time to grab something to eat and off to work. Sharon kept touching me and teasing me as I was getting dressed.  She lay on the bed naked and rubbing herself, inviting me to join her. She lay back with her legs spread wide opening her pussy and asking me if I wanted to taste her. Then she got on her knees and had her ass in the air and wiggled it at me.

I wanted to pounce on her and she knew it. I said I'd get even when I got home and I did.

I found her lying naked as I had left her, except that a sheet covered her. I slipped into the bathroom and undressed so as not to wake her.  Then from the closet I got out a big black cock strap on and belted it on myself. She was still not stirring so I began to remove the sheet and then as she turned on her stomach I straddled her legs and covered her body with mine.  I kissed her soft shoulders and her back as she cooed from my touches.

As I rose up she awoke fully and turned to face me. Her eyes caught sight of the big black cock strapped to me and her eyes got wide with anticipation.  She pulled up her knees and spread her legs wide as I moved in close.  I worked my fingers between her pussy lips to get the juices flowing then I moved so I could drive the big black cock between her pussy lips and fill her waiting cunt.

As I guided the big cock in her she spread her legs wider then she wrapped her legs around my middle as if to lock me in her.  I began to fuck her with the big cock driving hard in and out in and out.  The faster I went the louder she hollered. "Fuck me fuck me fuck me". We bucked and bounced and slammed into each other she cried out each time she had an orgasm and her body would jerk and she would thrust against me.
I had my own orgasms, as the excitement was exhilarating.

With sweat pouring from each of our bodies and panting from the work out we broke free and lay back on the bed. Sharon looked to me with a smile on her face. It was more a smirk to say okay now it's my turn.
Then she began unbuckling the straps and removing my toy. The VB was still in the nightstand and she took it out. 

She turned it on and then pressed it to my right nipple and then my left. Then she held it between them and rolled it back and forth. As she rolled it over my stomach she rolled me over. With my backside exposed she used the VB on my ass, running it between my cheeks and over my asshole.  I love the feel of it and scooted on to my knees. At that she got behind me and slowly inserted the VB in my ass.  She worked around and around, in and out making me moan as it filled me up and tickled my ass.

Then with my as sticking up she moved the VB to my pussy and from behind me she got on her knees and holding the VB in her hand guided it in my pussy and started fucking me with it. The long hard vibrating tool filled my pussy and as it went sliding in and out I got so wet and had Orgasm after orgasm jerking and bucking against her ever thrust.  Finally she stopped and pulled it out only to begin with her tongue licking and probing my pussy as I groaned and moaned with more pleasure than I knew possible. 

With my pussy juices drizzling down my legs her hand cupped my pussy and her finger slid inside and she pressed my clit giving me my last explosion of joy before I collapse face down on the bed, spent, exhausted.

Two nights and I was ready for life. Only thing is many more sessions like this and we would both be raw and walking like cowboys who had spent the last 12 hours in the saddle. I don't think there was going to be any more need for me to help Sharon with her love life, I was it I hoped.