 "You should do it." Sandra nudged.

"But she's a girl!" Lucy Exclaimed, "Why would I want to do that with a girl?"

"Because... Well it would be hot." A smile drifted onto Sandra's face. After an awkward silence that led to Lucy locking her forearms between her legs Sandra placed a hand on Lucy's shoulder. "I promise the weirdest part is in your head." She faced Lucy straight on. "Once you get past the mental block you'll love it, I promise." Sandra dipped down to catch the gaze of her friend. "So, will you do it?"

Lucy twisted the hem of her dress, all her muscles tensed at her repulsion. Sandra never knew that Lucy had feelings for her. They had been friends their entire lives, and finally she offered her physical contact, just with another girl. It was obvious that Sandra believed her restraint was from the sexual act itself. Truth be told, Lucy had always wondered what another girl would taste like but was always too afraid to try.

"You're killing me. Would it help if I kissed you first?" Sandra slapped her hand on Lucy's inner thigh. Lucy blushed; she had no idea that such an action could ever arouse her.

"Um...I" Lucy felt stupid for not being able to reach out and plant a passionate kiss on the girl in front of her. Sandra was ready, willing, and very capable of making Lucy's desires come to fruition. "I'll meet the girl. And kiss her if I like her."

"Good," Sandra jumped up. "Her name is Monica and she is gorgeous. I know that you have only been with boys but I promise you, you won't regret this." She leaned over to her purse and pulled out her phone. Her thumbs flew back and forth over the screen. "Alright," She sent the message, "there, she will be over in fifteen minutes."

"What? I didn't know you meant this minute." Lucy panicked.

"You couldn't have thought that I meant some other time. Anyway I gave her a cute picture of you last week. She's been masturbating to it ever since." Sandra gave a mischievous wink which may have suggested she was trying to get a rise out of Lucy. 

"Don't make fun of me."

"Oh, Hun don't be that way." She gave her a tight hug. "She knows what you look like and she asked whether you were available."

"Is she straight?"

"Well, bi, but you shouldn't feel any pressure. I told her you have only kissed guys. She promised to be just as inadequate until you became more comfortable." Sandra laughed after the last statement. Lucy couldn't help but smile. Her friend was everything she wanted beautiful, funny, and soft. None of the guys she had dated in the past had been soft. In fact inadequate was an unfortunately accurate statement.

Moments passed quickly until finally there was a knock at the door. "It's her!" Sandra raced to the door, her movement seemed almost instantaneous. The door, which opened just as quickly, revealed a heavenly creature. When she described Monica as gorgeous it was a surprising understatement. Her hair fell to her shoulders as if kissing her tanned skin. Monica's smile took the light from the room in order to display her glory. The tank top she wore hugged her breasts as if sent into ecstasy. Finally her long legs were accented by her denim shorts which had been left undone as if they had been pulled on in a rush.

Sandra and Monica wrapped their arms around one another in a friendly hug and ended in a deep kiss. Their tongues played together flaring back and forth between their mouths. Lucy moved her hand between her legs and relized she was dripping. Her juices had seeped through her dress so much that when she pulled her hand away it carried a stream with it. Looking up she was surprised that both girls had witnessed this and smiled at each other.

"Looks like she wasn't as nervous as you thought Sandy." Monica said. Her voice was as stunning as her physique.

"Lucy I thought you said that you weren't interested in girls, and here you are getting my couch all wet." Sandra slapped Monica's ass. "Looks like you won't need to cox her as much as I thought." She looked over at Lucy, "So now that your secret is out was I right? Isn't Monica as gorgeous as I said?"

"Better" Lucy uttered practically inaudible.

"What?" Monica questioned as her smile became larger with every passing moment.

"You're better than she... um..." Before Lucy could finish Monica glided toward her and sat in her lap facing her.

"I can't believe you said that." Monica moaned the instant before their lips pressed against one another. Sandra had lied; Monica had not held back her kiss. Lucy's heart fluttered, all she could do was sit limp as her mouth was artistically lapped by Monica's tongue and lips. It didn't take long before Lucy found Monica lifting her top over her head. Monica's breasts bided their time as the shirt finally allowed them to drop and show glossy tits which bounced. 

Lucy soon found her face buried between Monica's tits. The sweat which had accumulated was now dripping into Lucy's mouth. It didn't take long before Lucy found herself squeezing and suckling Monica's breasts. As Lucy looked up Monica gave her a pleased smile and then threw her head back and let out a pleasure sigh.

"Well Miss Lucy, we can't leave your poor little pussy all wet. What do you say I help you clean the mess?" Monica drove her tongue into Lucy's mouth. Lucy could feel that her pussy was completely swelled. Lucy's hands leapt to the cheeks of Monica's ass. Her fingers crept toward Monica's ass whole but afraid of how she would react she simply caressed the whole. "Please just do it." Monica begged. There was no hope she wasn't going to be asked twice her middle finger slipped into this goddesses ass whole. Sliding it in and out Monica leaned forward and moaned heavily into Lucy's ear. Entering another hand into the whole she pulled the whole apart which provided a pained and pleased groan.

Monica dove down and expertly removed Lucy's panties which had become drenched. Rather than tossing Lucy's panties aside, Monica gazed lustfully at her and gathered the liquid onto her fingers. Satisfied that she had gotten enough liquid she cast the panties aside and pulled down her shorts revealing her own swelled pussy. With the newly lubed fingers she slipped them between her slits and stared at Lucy as she mixed their juices together in her pussy. "That was an unexpected surprise." She smiled audibly pounding her hand into her pussy.

"Did you just put my pussy juice in your pussy?" Lucy said in shock.

"Calm down." Monica said bringing her fingers to her mouth and cleaning them off as if sucking honey. "You should really taste this, it's amazing." Monica moved and planted her face between Lucy's legs. As Monica began sucking Lucy's eyes rolled to the back of her head. This woman was like a vacuum, nearly yanking Lucy's clit from where it sat. For the first time in Lucy's life she let out a shriek of pleasure which led to a flow of fluid into Monica's mouth. Lucy's body heaved as Monica relentlessly sucked her dry her fingernails digging into Lucy's tight ass so she wouldn't lose her position.

Lucy couldn't breathe her body continued to convulse uncontrollably. It finally came to Lucy's mind that she was experiencing an orgasm. Not just one orgasm but several. Finally her body could take no more and squirted out the last few drops it contained. She fell to one side of the couch she was on and gulped large breathes.

Monica let her pants fall as she set herself beside Lucy and placed Lucy's head on her lap. Lucy kissed the pussy of the girl who had given her so much pleasure but was soon pulled away. "You don't have to do that right now, just relax." Monica said stroking Lucy's hair.

"Can I ask you something?" Lucy asked when her breathe had become even.

"Anything."

"Did Sandra give you my photo?"

"Yes, why?" Monica asked slightly humored by the question.

"Did you masturbate to it?"

"Just every night for the past week." Monica giggled as Lucy fell asleep.