 I wasn't feeling very good, so I left work early, I had already finished most of my work anyway, so it was no big deal. I arrived home and noticed another car in the driveway, it belongs to my girlfriends friend Amy. 

I walked inside the house and was surprised not to find my girlfriend Beth, or her friend Amy. I was just about to shout out Beth's name when I heard something that sounded like moaning. It was coming from our bedroom, so I snuck up quietly to the door.

The door was ajar just enough for me to look inside, I couldn't see the bed directly, but I got a perfect view from the full length mirror.

My jaw dropped at what my eyes beheld, there on the bed was Beth and Amy, both naked.

Beth was on her back, and Amy was sitting between her wide spread legs. She had a vibrator inserted deep inside my girlfriends cunt.

I stood there frozen, watching, was this really happening. I had always goofed around with Beth, trying to get her interested in maybe trying a threesome, every guys dream. 

Beth is so sexy, petite, tight, athletic body, she jogs and swims, so she stays in great shape. She has small perky tits, 32B, with nipples that just begged to be licked and sucked. A perfectly flat stomach, and butt cheeks that I just love to grab and squeeze, and a small little bush.

I always knew Amy must have a great body too, and now I could see for myself. 5'4", short Red hair, her tits were bigger then Beth's, I guessed about 36C, with the pinkest nipples I have ever seen. I couldn't see her ass right now, but I know she has a great one.

I knew if they found out I was watching, it would be over, so I didn't move, I was almost not breathing, I had to stay quiet as a mouse.

Beth was moaning louder now, the vibrator was buzzing very loud, she must have turned it up to full speed, and Amy was sliding it in deep on every thrust.

My cock was aching, it was so hard watching and not being able to do anything, but I couldn't take my eyes off of them.

Beth was cumming now, she was screaming, "oh god, I'm cummming, fuck my cunt, ram it in, fuck meeeeeee".

Amy pulled the vibrator out of Beth's cunt and brought the vibrator to her mouth and sucked it inside, licking Beth's cunt juices off. 

Now Beth said " it's your turn" , and Amy laid down on her back just as Beth had before.

I had no clue what was about to happen next, I figured she would use the vibrator on Amy now. How wrong I was. Beth crawled up between Amy's thighs, lowered her head down and started licking Amy's cunt.

Amy placed her hand on the back of Beth's head, she was obviously enjoying being eaten out by my girlfriend. I know Beth has a very talented tongue, but I never thought I would see her use her talents on another girls pussy.

I watched as Beth reached up and pinched Amy's nipples hard, causing Amy to squeal in pain. She then did the same to the other nipple.

Amy was thrashing with ecstasy, Beth must have latched onto Amy's clit. Amy was moaning louder now. Amy's ass lifted up and I watched as Beth rammed a finger up her tightly puckered asshole .

Well that did it, Amy started cumming, and Beth just kept on licking, while continuing to finger her ass.

After Amy's mind blowing orgasm, she sat up and the two girls kissed, Amy was tasting her own juices off of Beth's face.

Amy told Beth she had a surprise that she thought Beth would like. She reached down beside the bed and grabbed her bag. I was stunned when I saw what it was that she pulled out. It was a double-headed dildo, it was huge, 18 inches long and thick. 

She placed it in Beth's tiny hands, it looked even bigger with her holding it. Beth said, " we are going to need a lot of lube". Amy pulled out a bottle of lube from her bag and said " lets do this".

They faced each other with legs spread wide. Amy lubed up the dildo and guided one end towards Beth's waiting cunt. Beth reached down with her fingers and spread her cunt lips apart as Amy pushed one end of the dildo inside.

Beth took the other end. Amy moved closer to Beth and spread her own cuntlips apart just as Beth had done. Beth slipped the other end of the dildo into her friends cunt.

They both had several inches in each of their cunts. They started moving, working more and more of the rubber cock inside. They were both lifting their asses up and forcing the ends deeper.

I started cumming in my pants without touching myself, I have never been so turned on in my life.

Amy and Beth had a really good rhythm going now, they almost had all of the dildo's 18 inches buried deep inside both of their cunts. I could hear squishing sounds coming from the room, both girls were so wet. 

They were fucking each other, moaning loudly, Beth said it first, she announced that she was cumming, Amy followed a close second.

They both laid still, the giant dildo still deep within their pussies. They were both breathing heavy. Then they both started giggling.

I figured I better sneak off before I get caught. If they knew I had been watching the whole time, they would want to kill me.

I snuck back out to my car and called Beth's phone. When she answered she sounded out of breath. I asked her if she had been working out, she sounded like she was winded.

Beth told me she was doing some new exercises that Amy had taught her.

I told her I was almost home, that I had to leave work early because I didn't feel good.

I put my car in neutral and let it roll out of the driveway and down the street a ways before starting the car. I figured I would give her and Amy a few minutes to get cleaned up.

Beth said she was going to ask Amy to leave seeing as I was not feeling well.

I told her it was alright, that I was just going to lay down and rest, Amy doesn't have to go. 

I arrived home, again, 5 minutes later. This time I made a lot of noise entering the house. I called out to Beth.

Amy came around the corner, her hair was soaked.

Hi Bud, Beth is in the shower, I taught her a new exercise, we were both pretty sweaty. She told me you weren't feeling very well. Would you like me to leave?

No, you can stay, I know how much Beth enjoys being with you. Tell me about this new exercise you two were doing, maybe I could join you sometime, I really need to exercise more.

Just then Beth walked into the room, she walked right up to me and gave me a kiss. She then felt my forehead to see if I was running a fever.

You do feel a bit warm hun, I hope you're not coming down with something.

I told Beth "it's probably because I don't take care of my body like you do. I was just asking Amy about the new exercise you two were doing, I had just asked her if she could teach me sometime so we could all get it shape. You walked in before she could tell me".

The two girls just looked at each other and smiled, Beth said " we will, someday, but right now you should rest".

I walked toward the bedroom, I said I was going to take something to sleep.

They told me they would not disturb me and would be very quiet.

Sweet dreams honey, I hope you fell better.

I wasn't about to go to sleep, I wanted to know if they were going to play some more. I closed the door, got undressed and turned out the lights. I got in bed for a while, just in case Beth decided to check on me.

I was right, about a half hour later Beth snuck into the room quietly to check on me. I pretended to be asleep. I had even put the sleep medication in a cup beside the bed so it looked like I had taken some.

A few minutes after she had left the room I snuck over to the door. I opened it just a crack. I could hear a vibrator buzzing off in the distance.

The sound was coming from the guest bedroom. I had to see, I snuck up to the door. It was open just a little crack. Unfortunately I could not see the bed from where I was, and there isn't a mirror in the right position in this room. I should fix that in the future I thought.

I could clearly hear the sounds from within the room, I would have to use my imagination as to what was really going on in there.

I could hear the vibrator buzzing, but who was using it on whom. 

Beth broke the silence, she said " how does that feel Amy".

Amy just moaned in pure pleasure.

Beth spoke again, " I think you are wet enough now ".

Amy answered her, " yes, I want your big cock, fuck me just like Bud would fuck you".

It was then that I heard Beth say, " I'm going to fuck you long and hard ".

Amy started moaning, give me your cock, fuck me, fuck me Bud, fuck me.

I had to see what the hell was going on in there. I slowly pushed the door open just a bit further. That's when I saw her, Beth was indeed fucking Amy. Beth was wearing a strap-on dildo, it was as big as my cock and she was giving her every inch, in deep, long hard thrust.

Amy was in the doggy-style position, they both had their backs to me, so they couldn't see that I was watching. 

Beth was holding Amy by her hips and ramming the cock in and out, faster and faster. She started slapping Amy's ass, she spanked her several times, I could see hand prints on her buttchecks.

Amy started screaming, " oh god Bud, you're making me cummmm, don't stop, don't stop, fuck me harder, yes, yes, yes, oh fuck yes, I'm cummmming.

With that I snuck away to my room, I knew that they would be including me in their fun at some point, and I didn't want to jeopardize anything.

I went directly to the bathroom, and jerked off quickly, otherwise I wouldn't be able to sleep. I came so much, I cleaned up and crawled into bed and drifted off to sleep, dreaming about all that I had witnessed that day. 

When I woke up in the morning Beth was beside me, snuggled up close to me. She opened her eyes and looked at me and asked ," how do you feel?"

I told her that I felt much better after getting a good nights sleep.

Beth then mentioned my Birthday that was coming up in a couple of weeks. She asked, " have you given any thought to what you want for your Birthday?"

I told her I hadn't really thought of anything.

Beth than told me " well I have one surprise for you that I know you'll enjoy, but you have to wait until your Birthday".

I wonder what it could be.