 "Stick out your tongue."

I let my mouth open and my moist pink muscle edges beyond my lower lip.

"More."

My jaw opens wider as I extend my tongue out. Her mouth closes over it, claims it and pulls. I moan as her sucking sends a bolt of electricity straight to my groin, and sends me to straining at my bounds. I feel her teeth as she brings them into play, reminding me how vulnerable I am

But she doesn't bite, hard, only uses the sharp enamel to tease and test. Making sure that I don't pull away. Instead, I push forward ignoring the discomfort at the back of my mouth for the pleasure her mouth brings.

She pulls her head back and stretches my tongue even more. My eyes popping out and my moan changing in tenor. Her teeth scrap along as she slowly lets me free.

Her face inches from mine, "Well?"

"Again please." And I thrust my tongue back out.

She complies, and does so with added vigor. Sucking and mock biting while I wiggle my tongue and hips in demonstration of my enjoyment. 

She rewards my enthusiasm by pinching a nipple. Pinching it HARD. Then pulling it out and rolling the taunt flesh in her fingers. 

I'm soaked and in dire need of release. She's kept me tied spread eagle on the bed for the last two hours. Two hours in which she's used my body for support. A platform where she laid and had her bitch pleasure her.

Her lower back and upper ass on my belly, her head resting on my outstretched arm, while the blonde woman licked and fingered her to orgasm. Fingers which did find their way into my mouth afterwards but only fleetingly, to show me what I was denied.

Then blonde was laid upon me. Her legs outside mine and her head resting upon my shoulder but otherwise arranged to mirror my body under her's. Her ass pushing down into my mound as she was fucked with a strap on.

I listened to her as she gasped and cried. At first in protest at its size and sudden intrusion, later as she begged for her not to stop. But she did stop, denying her the orgasm and obviously taking her own pleasure in that denial. Her smile above me twisted and her eyes blazing as she pulled the young woman off me amid her pleads to let her finish.

Instead, she made her beg, really beg, for it. Promising her anything if she would just continue. The room filling with her soft voice and the wet sound of her kissing and sucking to add to her promises. 

I watched her try to rub her pussy on the other's leg but to little avail. Each time she was pushed back, a wicked grin and the waving of the slick cock accompanying that division. The blonde's hand finally wrapping about the cock to hold it near and stop its teasing.

She would occasionally reach down and finger the blonde's drenched pussy. I know it was drenched as the fingers would be smeared over the blonde's face after each incursion. This only added to the blonde's state and frantic attempts to find relief.

Finally, she was lead back upon the bed. Both standing and straddling over me, facing the headboard. The blonde's hands upon the posts, the other's on her hips.

From my position below, I was treated to the insertion of the cock into her willing and needful pussy. Followed by a swift and complete stuffing. Unable to touch either them or myself, my lust boiled as I tore at the ropes holding my wrists and ankles.

Once again, the blonde neared her orgasm only to have it delayed, the thrusting stopped and the cock buried deep.

"Tell me you want it."

The voice shrill and shaky, "I WANT IT!"

Her hand pulls the blonde's hair off her shoulder, exposing her neck. "Are you sure, I think perhaps I should make you wait a bit more." Her lips kissing the newly exposed flesh before her.

"NOOOOOOOOO!!!! I NEED YOU TO FUCK ME NOW! LET ME CUM!"

And with a chuckling, "Only if you're sure," the thrusting resumes. This time purposeful and hard with both soon panting and moaning high above me.

The blonde's head fell to the head board as she savored the long awaited orgasm. An orgasm had made her body shake and jerk while the cock plunged in and out of her red, distended cunt. Yes, it was a cunt now. Used and fucked.

Afterwards, I again was a platter to the dish served up to the blonde. Laid at an angle across me, her face next to my ear and our torso's touching but with her feet on the floor and ass held high. I couldn't see but she told me what the blonde was doing. As if I needed to be told or wanted to hear.

In the throes of this passion, she granted my ear the occasionally tonguing between the hot whispers and moans. The fingers of her hand covering my mouth to keep me from responding or making my own pleads. 

Fingers that would slip inside and play with my tongue. Little did I know it was in preparation for the sucking I was now receiving. The sucking stoking the fire in my loins which I was now hoping to end so I could beg for my own fucking.

But it seems she's in no hurry.

And my agony of pleasure goes on.

I hope it never ends.