 It was hot.  Hotter than hell.  As I drove down I-10, with the top down on my Jeep, I was desperately trying to remember why I had decided to drive from New Orleans to San Diego in July.  What was I thinking?  Usually, I’m a very smart person.  This was definitely not a smart move.  I was in the middle of Texas, God only knows where.  At least I had remembered to dress for it.  I had dressed cool in a white tank top and a pair of jean shorts.  My hair was pulled back in a ponytail and my Saints baseball hat was pulled down over my forehead.  Smashmouth played loud on my speakers.  All in all, I was crazy.

As I drove down a particularly lonely and desolate stretch of I-10, I noticed a woman in the distance by the side of the road.  As I got closer, I realized she was hitchhiking.  Not exactly the best of places to be doing it.  I was tired of driving by myself and felt the need to be a good person.  I slowed down and pulled to the side of the road.

“Where ya headed?”

She was going to Santa Barbara.  Her car had broken down and she had gotten tired of waiting for someone to stop and help her, so she had started walking.  I told her to climb in.  Since I was headed to San Diego, she could ride the rest of the way with me if she wanted.  I didn’t need to ask her twice.  She hopped in, telling me her name was Karly.  

As we drove, I felt suddenly a little calmer.  I hadn’t realized I needed company.  We talked and found that we had a lot in common.  Both had gone to school back east and had family in Southern California.  As I drove, she casually slipped her short blonde hair back behind her ears.  She was about the same age as me and very pretty.  She unbuttoned the top two buttons on her shirt and tied the shirt tail in a knot at her waist.  

We drove for a couple more hours and then decided to stop and grab a bite to eat.  It was getting dark and I really didn’t want to drive at night.  Something about breaking down in the middle of the night in Texas brought to mind images of Deliverance.  We pulled into a hotel near a Cracker Barrell and I checked into a room.  They were booked solid except for one room with a king size bed.  I took it and Karly and I headed over to Cracker Barrell for a relaxing dinner.

When we got back to the room,  Karly went to shower while I called home to tell my parents they could probably expect me in another couple of days.  I wasn’t going to hurry the drive along.  Karly stepped out of the shower wrapped in a towel as I hung up the phone.  Her hair was wet and tucked again behind her ears.  She wore the towel tight around her.  As she started to dry off, I headed for my turn in the shower.  

As I stepped out of the shower, I grabbed a towel and dried off.  I usually don’t sleep in anything but since I was going to have to share the bed with Karly, I slipped on a pair of panties and short t-shirt.  Karly was already in bed asleep when I stepped out of the bathroom and turned off the light.  Crawling into bed, I realized how tired I really was.  I think I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

A noise woke me from a sound sleep.  A noise like a soft moan.  A woman’s moan.  My body shivered and I felt a warmth that made me excited.  I must have been dreaming.  I felt as if someone was stroking me, opening me and kissing me.  I heard the moan again.  It was me.  I slowly opened my eyes.  The room was dark and I felt a breeze rush over my body.  Where was I?  I was in a hotel room in Texas.  I was in a strange bed.  Ohhhh!  I moaned again and felt my body shiver.  I looked down, moving my head to see what was happening.  As my eyes opened wider, I realized what was happening.

My t-shirt was pushed up and my right breast was exposed.  A hand was kneading it gently, squeezing my hard nipple in it’s fingers.  My legs were open wide.  There was a tongue pushing gently against my pussy lips, licking me slowly, loving me.  Karly’s blonde head was moving up and down between my thighs as her tongue slipped in and out of me, stroking my wet lips.  I moaned as I felt her finger slide inside me, the tip of her finger crooking gently and moving back and forth as her tongue slipped up and down my slit.  My God!  She was incredible!  

I moaned as I felt my body tingle again and again as her finger moved in and out of my tight hole and her mouth closed over my hard clit.  She was sucking me into her hot mouth.  Her hand was squeezing my breast harder.  I reached down and stroked her head, pushing her mouth harder against my aching pussy.  She moaned into my pussy as I felt myself shake and my orgasm gush into her waiting mouth.  She sucked harder on my clit, then moved to suck on my pussy lips.  I felt empty as her finger slowly withdrew from me.  She looked up from between my legs, her mouth full and lush, her face pink and wet.  She smiled and kissed the inside of my thigh.

“I couldn’t help myself.  I hope you don’t mind.”

Mind? How could I possibly mind being woken up in a strange bed in a strange hotel with a strange woman eating my pussy like nobody’s business??  There was no minding here.  I hadn’t been prepared for it, that’s for sure.  I’d never imagined this would happen.  But hell!  Who was I to complain?

“Mind?  I’ll mind if you stop.”

I pulled on her hand and pulled her up against my body.  She was naked and that excited me.  I felt her soft breasts push against my body and felt her legs twine with mine.  I found her mouth with mine and kissed her lips tasting myself on her.  My tongue pushed her lips apart and found her tongue.  She tasted sweet and musky.  

Her hands were pushing my t-shirt up.  I sat up and let her pull it off me.  My panties were next.  She slipped her hand down between us and I felt her tug them off, tearing their thin strings and throwing them to the floor.  We laughed and I rolled her over so I was on top.  She was naked under me, her body hot and sweaty already.  I ran my hands up and down her body and then let my tongue wander around her mouth and down her neck.  Karly moaned as my tongue moved in small circles over her skin.  My hands moved up between us.  My fingers kneaded her breasts, tugging on her nipples.  

Karly moaned and arched against me, pushing her breasts against mine.  I slithered down her body, using my tongue against her.  I looked up at her and smiled as my tongue snaked out and flicked across her hard nub.  Her nipples were erect, sticking straight like little erasers.  Her breasts weren’t large but they fit into my mouth perfectly.  I sucked hard on her flesh, pulling her tit into my mouth, rolling my tongue around it.  Karly pushed her breast up further into my mouth.  I moaned, loving the taste and feel of her.

Slowly, I moved down her body, rolling my tongue around her bellybutton.  She giggled, complaining that it tickled.  As I parted her legs and slipped between them, I looked at her bare pussy.  Her fur had been completely shaved and her lips were moist with excitement.  Running the edge of my fingernail across her lips, I slowly stroked her, teasing her.  

“Lick me... ohhh... yesss.... touch my pussy.  Lick me!”

Karly was writhing on the bed, pumping her hips up and down off of the bed as my finger stroked her, slipping just barely inside her wet lips.  Leaning forward, I slowly ran the tip of my tongue across her, following where my fingernail had skimmed.  I pushed my tongue against her and slid gently inside.  Karly nearly jumped off the bed.  Using my hands to hold her down, I pushed my tongue deeper inside her tight  pussy.  I felt her pussy clench around my tongue and her orgasm poured out to me.  Karly was moaning, twisting her body on the bed.  I sucked her pussy lips and drank down her sweet juice.

Pulling myself up, I laid next to Karly, both of us breathing hard.  I couldn’t believe what had just happened.  I reached out to her, stroking her body.  We both fell asleep.  I awoke a couple hours later to her fingers stroking my breast.  We pulled our bodies together, our legs wound around one another.  Our mouths met as our pussies ground against each other.  Karly’s tongue slipped between my lips and I sucked on her tongue as I felt my pussy become more wet.  We pumped ourselves against one another as our kissing became more intense.  I felt it as she did, my orgasm pushing out from me.  

We slept a couple hours more and then showered and checked out of the hotel.  As we slipped onto the road, heading once again down I-10, Karly sat back and gave me quite a show.  As I tried to keep my mind on the road, Karly lifted her t-shirt, baring her breasts to me and the world.  She stroked and pulled on them with her fingers before sliding those same fingers down her shorts.  Her orgasm rang out in the wind.  We pulled into another hotel not long after we took to the road.  I wanted to ride something a lot more fun than I-10.  Luckily, I had brought along a large piece of black latex that we both took turns riding.  Karly is going to ride back to New Orleans with me when I return.  We’re thinking of picking up another hitchhiker along the way.  Maybe a man this time.