 Part 1: Mom inspires her Daughter

Dad said that he still loved my Mom. Even at 37, she was as incredibly beautiful as the day he met her. She was the perfect hostess and mother. But something was missing from their relationship. Something deep in her never quite responded to him. He'd waited until I was an adult to give her a divorce along with a healthy settlement. Dad cut his losses and married someone else.

Mom swore off men and began bringing her women friends home. She told me she took the women upstairs to her room to play cards, watch television or chat so that she wouldn't disturb me. The entire upstairs is her domain. My bedroom suite is on the main floor. Many times I listened outside her door. The moans and sighs didn't leave much room for real conversation. Once when I came home from school early, I sneaked upstairs and actually saw my mom, naked with a woman. She had left the door wide open, but I watched in the large mirrored wall in her bedroom. Mom was kissing her. I saw her tongue go in and out of the lady's mouth. The woman's hands were rubbing my mom's butt. Mom led her to the bed, opened her thighs and stuck her tongue into the lady's pussy. She held her legs open as she licked and sucked and moaned into the woman's cunt. The lady was writhing and almost screaming as Mom made her cum. Then Mom climbed on top of her and took her mouth again as she screwed on her pussy. Soon Mom was bucking hard as she took her pleasure on the woman. I stood there, feeling myself get wet. I could see my mom's beautiful, perfect body screwing her friend. I had never seen anything as amazing.

After that incident, I was always observant. I looked at mom and her lovers in the mirror if her door was cracked even just a little. My ear was at the door if it was closed. Once I was watching Gone with the Wind in our basement recreation room. It's a very long movie, right? During intermission I went up to the kitchen to get snacks. I saw unpacked groceries that would have been delivered by the young Chinese woman at our market, but neither she nor Mom was in sight. She must be at it again. I flew up the back stairs and crept to her slightly ajar door. The naked little woman was complaining to Mom. "Dick no fitta in my pus, Missy!" Mom kissed her and poked at her with the dick, coaxing her to at least let her try. Mei-Mei couldn't have been more that a size one petite but was already 21. She was beautiful but would always be the size of a girl.

I had a good view through the large mirror. The young woman got on her knees at the end of the bed. Mom, looming over her, eased the penis slowly into Mei-Mei as she talked dirty. "You little bitch. Your pussy will take my dick and like it." Mom slapped her ass a few times. Mei-Mei moaned in pleasure. The dick stretched the woman's pussy, but apparently didn't hurt her. Three quarters of it actually went in. Mom was ecstatic and went to work on her. My pussy throbbed as she slid in and out of the whimpering girl. I wished it were me on that bed. After many strokes, the girl cried, "I cum, I cum, Missy!" and collapsed with Mom still in her. Mom got in a few more good thrusts while she was down, then pulled out, flipped over and pulled the girl on top of her. The girl kissed Mom deep and lovingly before she grabbed Mom's hands and eased herself onto the dick. She squatted, going up and down, up and down on Mom's penis. The girl was totally orgasmic in just a few minutes. Then she moved off, removed the dick from the harness, found Mom's clit with her little mouth and worked her until she came. "Goo' pus, Missy. Sane time nex' wee'?," I heard Mei-Mei say. I'll make sure I'm home.

On my 18th birthday, the weekend before Spring Break, Mom got together with my friends and threw me a birthday bash at a hotel ballroom. Mom and I were a little tipsy when we got home around 1a.m. She told me she was leaving first thing in the morning for the entire week. She and one of our neighbors were going to a spa. She said I could have someone stay with me for the week if I wanted. She also told me there was another present for me upstairs in my room. Enjoy, sweetheart.

When I turned on the light, there on my bed was a beautiful, blond, naked girl who looked not much older than me. She was sucking on a large flesh-colored, penis with hanging straps. On my dresser was an assortment of dildos, vibrators, lubricants, lotions and oils, feathers, fruit flavored douches and edible panties. There were even fantasy costumes in our sizes--cheerleader, stripper, businesswoman, waitress, etc. Oh man, did I ever want to fuck a cheerleader! With the envelope of cash I found, I would say Mom thought of everything. The girl was 21 year-old Mona-Lisa from an exclusive escort service that catered only to women. She said that my mom told her to tell me that I would know what to do with her because I had seen it done many times. Mona-Lisa would instruct me in the things I didn't know. Wow, my Mom is the bomb!

I smiled wickedly as I quickly stripped out of my party clothes. "Hi, Mona-Lisa. My name is Cate. Man, are you hot or what? I hope you had your Wheaties today because I have stored up passion that must come out." I was already wet and just beginning to throb deeply. Pussy was just a few feet away. Oh, yes. I knew what to do. I left the lamp light on because I wanted to see her pussy, see myself fuck her in the floor mirror Mom had moved near the bed. I wanted to fuck her without reservation or shame. Just like my mom fucked her women. With everything in me. I crawled onto that voluptuous body that seemed to be made for fucking and immediately drove my tongue into her mouth. My first girl kiss. I sucked on those big perky breasts and rubbed her large pussy for the longest time as she screwed her lovely ass into my mattress. She moaned as I made my way slowly down, sucking and kissing, licking and savoring and moaning in pleasure. Before I invaded her cherry-scented pussy with my rolled tongue, I sent a silent thank you to my mom.

I took full advantage of my awesome present and fucked her ferociously the rest of that night. During the next few days and nights, I lost my total virginity to this luscious girl. We used Mom's cash to order in or to go out to eat. We even took in a movie and shopped for bathing suits we never swam in and sexy lingerie that we wore under our costumes. But mostly we did things to each other. Incredibly sexy things. I fucked my pussy on her face, her ass, her breasts and her large pubic mound. I inserted every finger and every dildo in my possession into her pussy and ass. 

I slipped on my strap-on dick when she wore the cheerleading costume, complete with pom poms in each hand, put her on her knees, grabbed her ponytail and humped the hell out of her. Just like my mom fucked Mei-Mei. I fell asleep with her tongue in my pussy or her dick in my ass. Mona-Lisa did indeed teach me something that I will never forget. I let her spank me hard. Man, did that feel good! My pussy leaked with each slap. Then she pushed me on the bed and ground her pussy into mine, pushing my throbbing ass against the rough coverlet. The pleasure-pain was incredible. I was an insatiable client and she was open to any and everything.

I'm sure Mom paid dearly for the sexy, responsive rent-a-girl, but she was worth every fucking penny. We learned every inch of each other and I think we may have fallen a little in love. I hated to see her walk away. Maybe Mom will let Mona-Lisa come back and play with me. After spring break, I was probably the best-fucked girl in the senior class.

*

Part 2: Lorelei and the Lady

On this hot summer morning in July, I opened my front door to the beautiful young woman standing there. She looked to be about 22 with reddish-orange curly hair. Lorelei was her name. She said she was collecting contributions for a day care for working mothers. My husband had dropped our son off at his pre-school and headed into town for work, so I was alone. I felt comfortable enough and invited her in, offering her glass of orange juice. As I pulled fifty dollars from my purse, I told her she must get lots of cash, what with her being so pretty and all. Was I flirting? She admitted that her looks didn't hurt. Men and women always responded favorably to her.

She thanked me for the money and the drink and asked, "Is there anything I can do for you to show my appreciation?" On an impulse, I told her, "A little kiss would be nice." She smiled and took my face in her hands. I expected a quick smack on the cheek or the lips, but she forced my lips open with her tongue. Our mouths opened and mated. My pussy got heavy. Or maybe it got heavy when I opened my door to her. My hands rubbed her back and settled on her firm ass. They instinctively lifted her gauzy dress, put themselves inside her brief panties and felt her up. I'd seen it done in XXX-rated films, but I had never touched another woman's pussy before. What an utter delight it was to touch the warm fleshy folds, to feel the moistness gathering. I got carried away and rubbed her hard as I sucked her tongue. She came with a throaty cry.

She watched me with a hungry look. "I've never touched a woman before. My hands couldn't help themselves. I made you cum, didn't I Lorelei?" She nodded yes and asked if she could eat my pussy for a while. She wanted to make me cum, too. Something deep in me instantly responded to this girl? I wanted her to fuck me. She sat me in a nearby armchair and went down on me. I came as soon as her sweet tongue entered me, and many times after as she worked my clit and stabbed her fingers into me. My husband could never be this good. She kissed me deeply and left me swollen and satisfied and exposed for her viewing as she prepared to leave.

She couldn't stop staring at my wet pussy and confessed that her need for women was enormous. "I hope I didn't shock you with my enthusiasm, but I fuck whenever I get the opportunity. And you are so incredibly fuckable. I knew when you opened your door and invited me in that I would take you." I did a little taking myself.

She said that she was a dedicated lesbian and began to relate her past to me. After her cousin Caitlin first took her, she lived for the times when their families, who lived in adjacent towns, visited each other. Her cousin, who was a year older, always shared a bedroom with her. The girl said Caitlin fell in love with her. She would fuck her all night and sneak feels during the day. She said she was glad when she turned 21 so that she could openly seek out women. There had been many, but the family never knew about Caitlin. Lorelei said women gay and straight gravitated toward her. No shit, I thought.

Not wanting her to leave just yet, I asked her to tell me more about her Caitlin. She glanced between my legs again. "Your pussy is so lovely. You must have shaved her this morning. I adore that fine strip of hair," she said and resumed her story. She said even though Caitlin had a beautiful name, she was barely pretty. But she had a fantastic body and was always horny. On a family trip to Disney World, she and Caitlin were assigned different roommates for the first time ever. During the days of that week long trip, Caitlin had very few chances to touch her. There were no chances to love her in the night. They were 18 and 19 that year.

On Thursday night they sneaked off to the hotel pool very late. Another couple was kissing at the deep end. She let Caitlin put her hand in her bikini bottom and kiss her a little. Lorelei kept glancing toward the man and woman and looking for anyone else who might pop up on them. They paid them no mind. Horny Caitlin wanted more. She needed to fuck Lorelei right then and there. They moved to the steps of the shallow end of the pool and loosened their tops and removed their bottoms. As Lorelei looked up at the stars and rubbed her breasts, Caitlin vigorously sucked her pussy as the pool waves lapped around them. Then she was on top of her, kissing her, declaring her love as they screwed their pussies together. When they came and separated, the couple at the other end clapped.

Seductively removing my blouse and bra, while keeping my pussy in her view, I asked, "Lorelei, please fuck me again before you leave. Fuck me like you fuck Caitlin." With a deep moan, she pulled off her dress and panties and moved toward my open pussy. For several hours, we rolled over the plush carpet on my living room floor and on my unmade bed kissing and screwing and sucking each other's pussies. Lorelei stroked my ego with her passionate words as I stroked her pink pussy and suckled her milk-white breasts. She guided my hand and arched her back as I plunged three eager fingers into her wet center. She praised my pussy as it merged and rode with hers. We were totally wild as we achieved orgasm after orgasm. 

What an absolutely fabulous morning with the sexy Lorelei. I learned that I was pretty good at eating pussy, too! Speaking of eating, I must get to the market to shop for dinner for my men.

*

Part 3: Abby Seduces the Visitor

The ladies in the civic group in our small town all felt that an endorsement from the new mayor's wife would go a long way to help our current cause. As president, I called to make an appointment. When I arrived at the mayor's house, I met their maid at the front door. She said the mayor's wife sent her apologies, but she had a minor emergency to attend to. The maid was on her way to the market, but smiled secretly and said the daughter, Abby, would entertain me until her mother returned.

I had heard about Abby. She was eight years my junior at 18, gorgeous with black hair and blue eyes, and head-strong to boot. While she had never done anything criminal, she had done a few things to embarrass her father. Abby greeted me and offered refreshment. We chatted about our little town, her plans for college this fall, etc. After our iced tea, she offered a tour of the house. When we descended the third floor where I had seen her mother's art studio, Abby said she needed something from her bedroom. She invited me in.

When the door closed behind us, Abby pushed me against the wall, grabbed my breasts and rammed her tongue down my throat. I sputtered and pushed her away. "Abby, please don't. This is wrong." Then I recalled when my college roommate kissed and fondled me in the dark when she came home drunk one night. It really didn't feel all that bad. Abby came to me again. "But it felt good, didn't it?" I let her kiss me. What the hell. No one else was home to see us. I let her remove my skirt and blouse. Everything else fell away quickly. She stripped and led me to bed. She pulled my legs apart and went for my pussy. She was ravenous as she sucked and licked me. When she drove her tongue into me, I hollered, "Shit, Abby," loudly and bucked up from the bed as I came. Abby rubbed herself all over me. She rode me. I never imagined women doing this pussy riding thing. But it felt wonderful.

When Abby was eating me a second time, her bedroom door opened. The mayor's wife stood there and observed her daughter's head moving between my thighs, sucking me as I moaned and undulated on her bed. Neither one of us could stop. It felt too good. She told her daughter, "Abby, hurry and finish up because I need to keep my appointment." When I was freshening up in the bathroom, I was somewhat shocked when I overheard our first lady angrily tell her daughter, "I thought I had given you enough pussy before I left." Abby told her mother, "It's never enough, Mom, never." Her mother told her that she would deal with her later. Would it be a fuck or a punishment?

The mayor's wife, Alicia, put me at ease when I sheepishly came downstairs. After we discussed our business, she apologized for her daughter's actions. Since Abby had fucked me, she shared some information about Abby and herself after I promised not to reveal any of their confidences. She said Abby is really her stepdaughter. She married the mayor ten years ago when she was 27, just before they moved here. His honor and she now have a marriage of convenience with separate, adjoining bedrooms and rare sexual activity.

Alicia said Abby met a college girl from another state who was on spring break. Their family was there in Cancun on vacation. The girl glommed in on our daughter her first day and I found her fucking Abby in her room that night. Abby's been hot for it ever since. Alicia consented to let Abby fuck her if she promised not to seek anyone else. She wanted to keep things quiet until her husband's term was up and/or Abby went off to college. She said she'd had satisfying sex with several women before she married. She found it exciting to be able to fuck a young, very hot Abby whenever they wanted. Her husband knows that her agreement with Abby is for the sake of the family. He is never surprised to find his women 'going at each other.' Sometimes it will get him horny enough to fuck her. But his main concern is his job. So be it.

Alicia admitted to fucking Abby that morning just as I had heard. She said, "I really enjoy having Abby all over me, sucking my breasts and eating my pussy. Abby's use of her pussy is excellent, as you well know." I blushed as I remembered her pussy moving on my breasts. Alicia's sex toy collection enhances their sex life. She said she has to keep her body in excellent shape because the girl can be very demanding. Tall, athletic Abby in a strap-on dildo is magnificent and she can pound into Alicia endlessly. 

As she talked, she walked behind my chair and massaged my shoulders. I didn't object as she rubbed my nipples with her palms, making them even harder. How could I object? I had just fucked with her daughter. She said, "I was a bit jealous when I found you in Abby's bed. But I can certainly see why she risked breaking our agreement. You are a beautiful woman. Now that you've discovered you like having your pussy sucked by another woman, perhaps we could do a little threesome. Abby and I could fill you up at the same time." As I drove away, I had to remember why I actually came to the mayor's home. All I could think of was Abby fucking me in her bed.