 We returned to work and after about another hour things had started to calm down a little. Chloe approached me and motioned round the corner to a quiet spot she kissed me passionately then reached under my dress and manipulated the probe in my pussy sending waves of pleasure up in to my lower abdomen.

"You'll never believe who I've just seen," she whispered in my ear whilst continuing to frig me with the probe "that girl I was telling you about earlier."

"What she doing back here?"

"Apparently when she got home the guy she was with started ranting and raving threatening to beat her for flirting with some guy earlier in the evening. So she left and as she had no where else to go she came back here."

"So where is she now?"

"I sat her in one of consulting rooms with a coffee so she would be out of the way."

"Which room?"

"The one we were in earlier, I told her I would come and Have a chat with her in a while. I was wondering if you wanted to come along." she smirked.

"Sounds like a good plan could be fun." 

  Ten minutes later we were out side the room, Chloe knocked and we entered.

"Hi this is Suzie and I'm Chloe we are both staff nurse's we thought we would come and have a chat with you."

"Thanks I'm Helen."

  Chloe sat down next to Helen and I sat down opposite her making sure my uniform rode up a little so more of my legs could be seen and hopefully my stocking tops.

"So what happened tonight?" Chloe asked

"Well Stuart, that's my boyfriend, thought I had been flirting with some other guy at the party and decide to hit him so they got in a fight and Stuart end up the worst off that's how we ended up here originally." she started to sob gently so Chloe reached her arm round her should and hugged her at the same time she started to stroke Helen's thigh just below the hem of her skirt, Chloe also crossed her own legs so the the hem of her uniform rode up revealing her stocking tops.

"So what happened when you got home?"

"It started before we got home in the taxi, he started shouting and calling me a slut and a whore." At this she started to cry uncontrollably Chloe pulled her head to her chest and held her tightly, at this point I realised that Chloe had undone the top two poppers on her uniform so that her cleavage was clearly visible.

"So what happened when you got in?"

"He started throwing things about the place and shouting and swearing, I just ran out of the house to a local call box and called a taxi back to here."

Chloe started to stroke Helen's thigh again letting her hand stray gently up under the hem of her skirt, Helen for her part didn't seem to mind and for her part was nuzzling her head into Chloe's cleavage and stroking Chloe's exposed thigh with her hand. I moved to the other side of her and hugged her too letting my spare hand drop to her inner thigh sliding it gently up between her legs which she parted allowing me better access and the ability to slide my hand right up to her panties. She opened her thighs further allowing me slip my finger past the edge of what felt like a thong and I was delighted to find that her pussy was shaven bare and slipped a finger into her pussy and started to massage her clit. Chloe was leaning back now her legs spread wide and her uniform was pulled open to her waist, Helen had found the probe in Chloe's pussy and had started to fuck her with it, Chloe had pulled her tits out of her bra and was pulling on her nipples and moaning quite loudly, a few moments later Chloe started to orgasm shaking and groaning whilst Helen continued to fuck her pussy with the probe. Once things had calmed down I suggested we moved Helen over to the couch so that we could see to her needs properly. Helen moved herself over to the couch and lifted her bottom so that I could pull her thong off we now had a clear view of her pussy with her erect clit pushing through her bare pussy lips. I moved her legs up onto the stirrups of the couch and climbed onto the couch with my ass up in the air and mouth at her pussy. 

"I love your pussy it looks so nice and clean like that, I just have to eat it out." I said as I lowered my mouth to her clit and nibbled on it.

  Chloe in the mean time positioned her self behind me and pulled my thong to one side, she pulled the probe out of my cunt positioned against the entrance to my arsehole ad slowly pushed it in. I let my rectum relax as much as possible but even with the lubrication from my pussy juice it was a tight fit but once it was in there it felt really good. She then put something against the lips of my pussy at first I couldn't work out what it was, but as I felt the cold metal slide between my lips I realised that she had got another speculum once it was fully inserted she opened it right out and now both my arse and my cunt were totally filled and it felt wonderful. Once this was in position Chloe handed me another speculum with the obvious intention of me using it on Helen, now Chloe started to frig my clit and my clit ring and with her other hand she started to fuck my arse with the probe. I placed the speculum against Helen's bald pussy lips as I did so she gasped and tensed up but as I started to slide it between her lips she relaxed and moaned gently, I slid the speculum in slowly her pussy was quite tight and even though she was wet I had trouble inserting it fully. Once I had the speculum inside her I started to open it out but was only able to do so about half way her cunt was so tight I couldn't open it any more with out causing her harm. With Helen's cunt now full I returned to working on her clit with my mouth, sucking, nibbling and gently biting it until she start scream with her orgasm. Once she had relaxed again I started to work on her clit again at the same time I reached under her arse and tried to slip a finger into her rectum but to my surprise there was something already in there a string of anal beads and her rectum was stuffed full with them. I gripped the end bead and slowly started to pull them out of her arse feeling the sphincter muscle of her rectum hold and then release as each was pulled out, in all there was about thirty 1cm sized beads in there. Once they were removed I could start to frig her arse with first one then two then three of my fingers, pretty soon came to another noisy orgasm. I followed soon after with the sensation of Chloe fucking my arse with the probe and pulling and playing with my clit ring sending me over the edge. After this we changed position slightly Helen remained lying on the couch I got off of her but Chloe got into a 69 position with her now and they both soon got into eating each other out, this left me free to administer to them both as I fancied. First of all I decided that Chloe's arse needed filling so I quickly washed off the beads that had been in Helen's rectum and started to feed them into Chloe's until they were all inserted then I started to fuck her pussy with the probe that was still in there. Soon the pair of them had orgasmed together and moved round to Helen's pussy. First off I opened the speculum out a little more and then I spread some lubricating gel onto my hand and started fuck Helen's arse with my fingers I soon had three fingers up to my knuckles inserted in her arse and slipped a forth easily in beside it. Now I slipped my thumb inn carefully along side my fingers and started fuck her gently like that slow easing my hand further in each time until my whole hand slipped in up to my wrist, like this I started to fuck her arse more vigorously until she came with her noisiest orgasm yet shouting and screaming. After this we untangled ourselves and redressed shortly after we heard a gentle knock at the door I opened it just a crack to be faced by Jo the doctor on for the night.

"Is everything alright in there? We heard some shouting." she asked.

"Yes fine she just a bit upset that’s all, we'll be out shortly." I replied.

"Okay then."

I turned back to Helen and Chloe, "You've got nowhere to stay tonight have you?"

"No I was staying with my boyfriend."

"Well how about if you stay here for the rest of the night and then come home with one of us in the morning."

"Okay then but what if Stuart comes back." she asked looking quite worried.

"Well if he does we wont let him see you and we'll call the police if he makes any trouble." I said trying to sound as reassuring as possible.

  Chloe and I then made sure Helen was as comfortable as possible each gave her a peck on the cheek then we returned to our work.