 On a windy but sunny day i headed out to look around the University town i had just moved to. The University was located in a fairly large seaside town about a 100 miles away from my parents family home.

This was the first time i had lived away from home and i was getting used to looking after myself, doing the food shopping, as well as other chores. I was living in a large student house which had eight single rooms with their own ensuite facilities, a communal kitchen, lounge, large downstairs bathroom, utility room and dining room.

I was the first to arrive and the house had a creepy feel to it, where i was hyper aware of any noise. I was looking forward to next few days when my other housemates would be moving in, even if i did not get on with them all. My parents family home was very noisy all of the time, with a sister and two brothers below teenage years, as well as two dogs, with people coming and going all of the time. So this student house was going to be very different to what i was used to.

As i was sitting in my room reading a book and eating a bowl of cereals, i heard the door open downstairs with the sound of suitcases being wheeled. I decided to go downstairs to greet them and see if they needed help. On reaching the hallway, i saw a girl about my age struggling with two heavy looking cases.

"Hi, my name is Amy, can i help you?"

"Yes please," she breathlessly grunted, as she let go of the cases.

"Sorry my name in Jo, this is my first time here and i am glad i was not first to arrive."

"Do you want a drink first, before we get your stuff upstairs to your room?" i suggested.

"Yes please, thanks Amy."

"Tea, coffee, coke or something else? " i asked.

"Tea, please." came the response.

"OK, i will put the kettle on." 

As we sat down at the small Kitchen table and discussed the house, as well as University, it seemed that both of us were very nervous about being away from home. Jo explained that she was studying English and i told her i would be studying fashion design. We worked out that we would be at opposite ends of the University campus. We were both anxious about the other six new housemates and whether we would all get on alright.

"OK, let us get your cases up to your room," i offered. 

"Which room number are you in Jo?" i asked.

"Number 6," said Jo

"I am in number 4 just around the corner," i added.

As the house did not have a lift, it was a case of struggling with luggage up the stairs. We both laughed at the weight of the suitcases, having to pull them up one rung at a time. By the time we got to the upstairs hallway, we were both exhausted. We wheeled the cases to her room and i said that i would leave her alone to rest and unpack.

Over the next few days the other housemates arrived with Jo and I seeming to help them as i did with Jo. Jo and i were becoming a bit of a team, helping the house settle into student life together. While i was in Jo's room one evening talking, we discussed how relieved we were that the other six housemates seemed lovely. It was an all girl house, with everyone about the same age, but studying different subjects and having different personalities. The other girls were called Gemma, Penny. Pritti, Alex, Joy and Alice.

The next day the landlords agent was due to come to the house to meet us all and go through the rules, a copy of which had been provided to everyone in advance. We all sat in the lounge having a look through the rules, so we could discuss them.

Gemma commented on the no house parties after 10pm rule and no more than 20 people in the house including tenants. I explained that a few doors down the road was an elderly care home which might explain the rule.

Alex said she might find the no boys staying in rooms overnight difficult and we all laughed.

Pritti smiled and winked saying she would have to look after herself in the absence of male company in her room.

"Or you might have to become a lesbian!" Jo pointed out grinning widely.

The others looked at Jo, thinking whether she was joking or not, with half hearted laughs.

"Anyone want to check out the nearest Pub?" i interrupted getting bored discussing rules and noticing the slight tension about Jo's comment.

"Good idea!!" everyone seemed to say in unison.

We walked around the corner of the house to a Pub called the 'Jolly Sailor'. It was old fashioned in style with wood floors and lots of sailing related decorations. There were quite a few regulars propping up the bar. 

We grabbed a large table in the corner and contributed enough money for a round of drinks. Myself and Jo went to the bar to order the drinks. While we were being served, i noticed two ladies sat down in a corner. As i looked, i locked eyes with one of them. She got up from the table and walked towards me. I felt a slight heart flutter, as i seemed to watch every step she made. 

"Hi!" she said, "I have not seen you and your friend here before. My name is Kerry and i work as a Tutor at the University. I am presuming you and your friends have all arrived for the start of the new term?"

"Yes..." i said, "We are all new to the town and University. We are living in a shared house just around the corner."

Kerry went on to explain that as well as being a Tutor, she also took an interest in student welfare and housing. She gave me a leaflet of who to contact if there were any problems and her phone number if there was an emergency. Kerry asked me to share it with my housemates. 

"Thanks very much!" i said appreciating her offer. 

"No problem," Kerry replied saying she had better finish her drinks and rejoined her friend.

Jo and I carried the drinks over to our table. Back at the table Jo queried whether it seemed strange that the lady had specifically talked to Amy, when there were seven other girls, that might also be interested.

"Perhaps Amy, this Kerry fancied you?" Jo questioned with a smirk.

"Don't be daft, it might just be my friendly innocent looking face..." i retorted.

The other girls laughed "Amy's got an admirer!!" several of them said with broad grins.

As i sat drinking, i looked across at Kerry, who was facing the other way. I could see that she was holding the hand of the friend she was with and it got my mind thinking. I decided not to look anymore or face being caught out. After chatting for an hour about all of the things girls of our age 18/19 years old were interested in, we returned to the house.

While i laid in bed that night, i kept thinking of Kerry. Kerry was a stunning redhead with an amazing figure. The friend she was with was also a redhead, actually very similar looking from a distance. Perhaps it was just two Sisters and my mind was making assumptions about Kerry just because of what was said in the Pub. Anyway. I was not lesbian and not sure i attracted lesbians.

The next day the landlords agent John arrived at the house and we all sat down around the dining table. Before going through all of the rules, John explained there was a problem with some of the rent money and action was needed by some to ensure the accommodation was secure for them. It was unfortunately, Gemma, Jo and myself that had the problem.

The next day the three of us went down to the University to see the housing team. There was a queue of other students and after an hour we managed to get to speak to an advisor. They advised that they would chase it up for us urgently. 

A few days later John the landlords agent phoned to chase the rent money. In a panic i remembered the leaflet from Kerry and i decided to call her to see if she could help.

"Hi Kerry, this is Amy from the 'Jolly Sailor', do you remember offering help if we had an urgent problem?"

"Yes sure Amy, what can i help you with? " Kerry enquired.

"I have a problem with housing rent money. The landlords agent is chasing and three of us including myself have the same issue with the University housing office" i explained.

"OK Amy!" Kerry interrupted. "I can help you, if you give me the details and will call you back once resolved."

I ran through the details of the three of us, covering everything she asked for.

"Amy give me until this time tomorrow and i will come back to you!"

"OK thanks" i replied gratefully, "I appreciate your help and will hopefully speak to you tomorrow."

I texted Jo and Gemma to let them know i had asked Kerry from the Pub for help. A few minutes later, a text came back from Jo.

"Amy, you mean lesbian Kerry from the 'Jolly Sailor'?"

I texted back "Very funny, Kerry actually told me that it was you she fancied, but was too nervous to approach!"

10 minutes later text from Jo "Are you serious or joking?"

I left replying and half an hour later there was a knock on my door.

"Come in," i shouted.

Jo put her head around the door looking coy. 

"You joking or serious," she queried. 

I smiled back saying "what do you think?" We both giggled.

"I am speaking to Kerry again tomorrow, so will let you know about the rent, not fancying you..." grinning at her madly. Jo left closing the door.

In the morning Jo was last down for breakfast and i had told the other girls about my winding up Jo about Kerry.

"Morning Jo! Did you touch yourself last night, thinking of Kerry?" i remarked loudly as she walked in. We all fell about laughing, with cereals and coffee being spat out.

"Amy it was you Kerry spoke with and you that phoned Kerry about the housing rent, when the University has a housing helpline for emergencies!" Jo sharply replied.

I suddenly felt a bit caught out and questioned myself in my head, that perhaps there was something. I quickly changed the subject, drawing attention to the time. After breakfast, we all left to attend the various University welcome sessions, where we would find out everything we needed to know.

Later in the day my phone rang. 

"Hi Amy, this is Kerry, i have managed to resolve the rent money and your landlords agent should have it tomorrow."

"Thanks very much Kerry! " i said with relief.

"I will let Jo and Gemma know. I don't know how to thank you?" I added.

Kerry responded "You can always buy me a drink tonight at the 'Jolly Sailor'!"

"I will be there with my Sister, please invite Jo and Gemma to come along." 

"OK Kerry, great idea, i will ask the girls and see you about 8pm if that suits?" i queried

"See you at about 8pm tonight then! Bye Amy" kerry rang off.

I texted Jo and Gemma to confirm housing rent resolved by Kerry and as a thank you i offered to buy her a drink at the 'Jolly Sailor' tonight at 8pm, if they can come as well.

Gemma texted back to say thanks but she was going out with fellow students on her course.

Jo texted back "I know you were joking about Kerry fancying me, but yes to Pub to thank Kerry."

When i got back to the house only Jo was in and she was getting ready to go out. She explained that the others were all out getting to know the other students on their courses. 

I joked to Jo, "You look gorgeous, Kerry will not be able to keep her eyes off you."

"Very funny!!" Jo retorted smiling back.

Jo was about 5' 8" with shoulder length brown straight hair, blue eyes and a very slim figure. She was wearing a lovely dress, which i thought was a bit classy for the Pub. I on the other hand was only 5' 2", blond hair below shoulder length, blue eyes and a curvy figure. I preferred to wear jeans and a nice shirt to the pub. 

We had a quick bite to eat and left the house for the Pub. Entering the Pub, i could see Kerry and her Sister sat at the same table as before. Jo and i went over to join them.

"Hi Girls!" Kerry said with a smile. "This is my Sister Victoria."

"Thanks for helping us with the rent issue Kerry and lovely to be able to say thank you over a drink!" i remarked with a smile.

"What can i get you to drink?" i asked.

"Two white wines please Amy," Kerry requested.

Jo and i went to the bar to pick up the drinks and rejoined them at the table. I asked Kerry what subject she tutored in. 

"Biology and Victoria also tutors in Physics!" Kerry responded.

"Twin Sisters of science?" i remarked.

Victoria laughed responding, "We get this all of the time. We are not twins, Kerry is 30 and i am 28!"

"You look more identical than most twins!" i replied. 

"Don't people confuse the two of you?" Jo asked.

"Yes!!" Kerry and Victoria said at the same time.

Over about two hours and a number of drinks, the four of us got on really well and exchanged phone numbers to stay in contact.

Kerry asked "Any plans for the weekend you two?"

Both Jo and i replied "Nothing special!"

"Why don't you come over to the house, Victoria and i share?" Kerry said with a warm smile.

"Are you up for that?" i asked Jo. "Yes, that sounds great!!" Jo responded.

"OK i will text you the address and if you come over at 6pm Saturday, we will make a night of it. If you want to you can stay overnight, as we have spare rooms, so bring an overnight bag." Kerry explained.

As it was approaching 10.30pm, we all decided we better go home.

On leaving the pub, Kerry said "See you Saturday!"

"Looking forward to it!" Jo and i both responded.

In the time before Saturday, Jo and I talking about the invite ruling out anything unusual, as while Kerry and Victoria were Tutors, they were also youngish Sisters. Both were very nice and had not raised anything to raise a concern.

As Saturday arrived, Jo and i had prepared to spend the night away packing a small overnight bag. We left the rented house to walk across to the other side of town, to Kerry and Victorias house. When we arrived, we found a large detached house.

On knocking on the door, i was unsure whether it was Kerry or Victoria that opened the door to greet us. So i just said "hi"

"Welcome Kerry is in the kitchen, come through to the lounge." Victoria pointing the way.

"What a lovely house!!" Jo enthused.

"Thank you!" Victoria replied. "Kerry and i bought it together and did all of the decorating."

The lounge had a few large leather sofas, a large TV and entertainment unit, many book cases as well as tasteful decor. There was a lovely fireplace and the nicest sheepskin rug i have ever seen.

As we sat down, Kerry came in with a bottle of wine and glasses, then returning with a tray of snacks. I sat next to Jo on one sofa, with Kerry joining Victoria on the sofa next to it.

"Anything you would like to do or watch this evening girls?" Victoria asked. "We have various games and plenty of DVD's as well as what is available via cable services!"

"I'm easy!" Jo said and i agreed. "We'll leave it up to you!" i added.

"Do hope you both like Lasagne girls. It is what Victoria and I eat most Saturday nights!" Kerry explained.

"Yes sounds lovely!!" Jo and I said at the same time.

"Time to eat!" Kerry announced as she beckoned us all towards the dining room. Jo and I sat on one side of the large table, with Victoria sat opposite. Kerry brought the food out from the kitchen and over an hour consuming a large plateful, plus a number of glasses of wine, i was feeling very satisfied. During the meal, the conversation had flowed on different topics. One thing in common between the four of us, was no serious boyfriends, all saying we had not found anyone special.

"Thank you both for a lovely meal!" i said looking across the table. "Let us help clear the table and wash up!"

Afterwards we all returned to the lounge. "I will put on the fire to warm the room a bit!" Victoria advised.

"Jo why don't you sit next to Kerry and i will sit next to Amy so we can get to know each other better!" Victoria suggested.

"Ok good idea..." Jo and i responded.

As we sat down to relax, Kerry got up saying "Fancy a Brandy and chocolates girls?"

"Sounds great!!" everybody enthused.

Victoria suggests that she would like to watch a DVD and asked if everyone was OK not expecting an answer, as she was already in the process of setting it up to play.

Before returning to the sofa to sit next to me, Victoria dimmed the lights. She then pressed play and the film started. It was not a film i recognised as it was foreign with subtitles. After about 10 minutes the film seemed to be a period romance mostly with female characters. Victoria pulled a blanket from the back of the sofa and pulled it across us. I could see Kerry doing the same, pulling it over her and Jo.

With the effects of the wine and Brandy, as well as sitting next to Victoria under a blanket, i was starting to feel very warm and comforted. As the film ran on with an apparent lesbian storyline, of a growing love between two women who had only just met, i was also slightly aroused. I could feel Victoria snuggle up to me and put her arm around my back. 

"I hope you don't mind? " Victoria whispered.

"No..."i responded quietly. I was enjoying the attention.

Victoria was now playing with my hair as we watched the TV screen. She was twirling it between her fingers and seemed to be purring. I was feeling excited, waiting to see how this developed. I had never experienced this attention from another girl.

I looked across at the other sofa towards Jo and Kerry, only to see them kissing gently in the dimmed light. It was very slow, with eyes staring into each other. Kerry was clearly touching Jo's breasts through her dress, with fingernails toying with her erect nipples.

I was so transfixed by the sight in front of me, that i had not noticed Victoria looking at me. 

"Are you enjoying watching those two?" Victoria asked in a sexy voice.

"I cannot lie, yes..." I replied. "And you are making me wet playing with my hair and cuddling me!" 

"Do you want to go further?" Victoria asked seeking my approval.

I paused not having done anything like this before. "Yes... i think i do, but please be slow and can we go somewhere private?"

"Of course..." Victoria responded. Removing the blanket, standing up, grabbing my hand and saying "come this way..."

Victoria pulled me towards the door and we both looked back at Jo and Kerry to see if they had noticed. At this point, Jo was sat on Kerry's lap, with Kerry's top removed, kissing her with some passion. We both smiled as we headed for the stairs.

Victoria guided me up the stairs towards her bedroom. As soon as the door was closed, she pinned me against the door kissing me with some urgency, licking my lips, forcing her tongue into my mouth.

"Slow please...i implored as my legs felt weak. "Ok i will slow down..." Victoria responded moving me towards the bed.

As i was laid on the bed, she climbed on top of me, kissing my lips, neck and face, biting my ears very gently. I was literally quivering, feeling it was almost too much. As Victoria kissed me she removed my top and unfastened my jeans. She caressed my breasts through my bra, teasing my nipples with her nails. I could feel a hand move inside my jeans, first touching my sparse pubic hair, pulling it gently, rubbing back and forward. 

As a finger touched my clit, i could not help myself but shake a little and hum. The finger then moved down my wet oozing pussy. The hand and fingers kept up a slow attack, while Victoria kept kissing me. Very soon, i think i had my first orgasm delivered by another person. I could see Victoria now licking her fingers and hand.

"You taste and look wonderful Amy!!" she said lovingly looking into my eyes.

As i laid on the bed, Victoria climbed off the bed and started to undress. I lifted my head to enjoy the show and she responded by making it into a slow striptease. Each button was slowly undone as she looked into my eyes. If anyone asked my to describe the way Victoria and her Sister looked, i would say a little like Amy Adams. Very sexy, particularly from my current viewpoint.

After the blouse was removed, i could see a pretty light blue bra revealing breasts that were larger than i had previously noticed. She then proceeded to remove her skirt to reveal matching panties. She then took off her high heel shoes.
