 This is a continuation of the University series of stories. For those that do not wish to read previous episodes, below is a short summary of what has happened to date

Amy (narrator of the story) moved into a shared student house with seven other girls. After experiencing sex with two Sisters Kerry and Victoria, Amy and her housemate Jo fell in love, enjoying sex together, before having a threesome with Victoria. Amy and Jo were then introduced to Victoria's lesbian mother Sally and after enjoying a threesome with Sally, they were faced with Victoria joining them to continue their afternoon session, with mother/daughter incest seeming to be a possibility, even if any interest in this was denied.

*********

As Jo and I got back on the bed, Sally was still standing up seemingly unsure of what role she should play, after her Daughter Victoria wearing a strap on had asked, "Which of you ladies wants to be fucked first?"

Having ruled out any incest with her Daughter, it would seem Sally was having real doubts about whether she should be sharing the same bed, where her Daughter would be fucking Jo and I.

As I was sat on the bed, I was thinking of the questions that must have been going on in Sally's head. Should she get involved with either Jo and I while Victoria was making love to the other?

I was thinking about if Jo or I kissed Sally after having had oral sex with her Daughter? Or similarly if Jo or I kissed Victoria after having had oral sex with Sally? Also what happens if Sally and Victoria had not been truthful about incest, because they had not wanted to offend Jo and I.

"I have decided!" Sally announced as she literally threw herself at me, pinning me to the bed. 

"What have you decided," I asked while tackling an enthusiastic Sally.

"I have decided I want you Amy and don't care if Victoria and Jo are making love on the same bed!" Sally said with lustful force. 

A few steps away from the bed, Victoria was getting ready to fuck Jo applying some lube to the strap on. Victoria then climbed on the bed moving towards Jo telling her to lay back as she then applied lube to Jo's vagina, before rubbing it in. She then threw the lube container on the floor.

As I watched what was happening only a few yards away I asked Sally, "Would you like to get comfortable to watch Victoria and Jo?"

With a slightly affected almost shamed voice Sally replied, "Yes I think I would like to watch!"

Replying to Sally's request, we moved to get a better view, picking up some cushions to make us more comfortable. We laid sideways on to watch Victoria and Jo in a position where I could stimulate Sally's pussy with a hand and Sally could reach over to play with my pussy.

As Victoria leant down to rub the dildo up and down Jo's slit, Sally was looking on intensely, waiting for her Daughter to penetrate Jo. I could hear Sally breathing more heavily behind me, as she cradled me, while her hand toyed with my pussy.

When the tip of the dildo entered Jo, I could hear Sally go, "Ooooh.."

Victoria then started to very gently ease the dildo back and forward, working up to a steady pace. As Victoria thrust back and forward her large breasts giggled around. She then moved right on top of Jo kissing her with passion as she ground away. Meanwhile Sally was stimulating my pussy with her hands and fingers almost to the same rhythm as the scene we were watching. With this stimulation increasingly exciting me, I had stopped working away on Sally with my hand and was just enjoying being cradled by Sally, while having my pussy rubbed and probed.

As Jo collapsed back on the bed breathing heavily while in orgasmic bliss, Victoria collapsed on top of her, with the dildo still engaged. The scene being played out in front of Sally and I was so intense to watch, that I had not noticed how much I had come.

"My goodness Amy, the bed is wet and my hand is coated!" Sally announced

Looking across at Sally And I, Jo says as a matter of fact. "She squirts when very excited!"

"Yes she does!"Victoria agreed removing the dido from Jo's vagina, before moving across to Sally and I.

"Mum I want to clean your hand of Amy's juice!" Victoria requested.

Without thinking Sally held out her hand coated in my nectar offering it to her Daughter. Victoria grabbed hold of her Mums hand and licked the palm, before sucking on each finger. Sally looked on captivated by the actions of her Daughter, as Jo and I looked on.

"Would you like to taste Jo by cleaning this?" Victoria said pointing and thrusting the strap on in her Mums direction.

"That would be very naughty!!" Sally whispered in a hummed low voice. 

As I moved over a bit, Sally got up from behind me to move towards her Daughter and I watched as Sally knelt on the bed looking down at the strap on dildo coated in Jo's juices. You could cut the atmosphere with a knife, as Sally just paused alternately looking at the dildo and her Daughters face. You could sense the moral dilemma Sally had in her head. First her Daughter had licked her hand covered in pussy juice and now she was going to suck on a strap on dildo worn by her Daughter.

Suddenly Sally quickly bent down to suck on the dildo, taking as much of the length as she could. She then continued to move her mouth up and down the shaft, before licking it with lust, no doubt as a bit of a sexy show for us. She then stopped and looked around to check our reactions.

"Wow...!" I said looking across at Sally and Victoria, "That turned me on I must admit!" I added.

"I cannot believe I am saying this, but yes I found this excited me as well!" Jo admitted.

"So you find Mother and Daughter incest excites you, do you girls?" Sally asked looking at Jo and I.

"I am not sure what I think!" Jo replied.

"I think I like it, but only Mothers and Daughters not related to me, if that makes sense?" I explained.

"So it is a secret fantasy involving Mothers and Daughters, that are not related to you that you have is it Amy? Victoria asked me.

Going very red I am sure, I very meekly admitted, "Yes..."

"What do you think Mum, should we entertain Amy's fantasy right here and now?" Victoria asked her Mum with a smile.

After hearing this question, I cannot tell you how uncomfortable I was feeling, with a strange mixture of excitement and tension at the same time. I looked across at Jo who just looked as if this was all proving far too much for a Sunday afternoon or any other time.

Sally then grabbed her Daughter and they both collapsed on the bed both giggling like two schoolgirls, who had just played a prank on their friends.

Both Jo and I just looked like we could not believe what had just happened. For a split second when Sally and Victoria collapsed on the bed, I thought I was going to see a lesbian incest scene from close distance and then suddenly I found out that I had just been pranked.

"I think these two ladies need a good spanking!" I suggested to Jo.

"Yes they do!" Jo agreed.

Jo and I then moved across to Sally and Victoria, smacking their asses quite firmly several times.

"These young ladies are very kinky!" Victoria remarked.

"That might make them much more interesting as lovers!" Sally added suggestively. 

"Do you think we are easily seduced by your games? I asked slightly annoyed.

"Yes..." Victoria and Sally said at same time.

Thinking about it briefly, I replied, "You might have a point!"

"We have been played, but it has been fun though!" Jo acknowledged.

"Girls, lets swap around, I want to make Jo happy and Victoria, you can service Amy!" Sally instructed.

What followed was just so perfect, with Sally and Jo enjoying a very loving session, first just laying together kissing, grinding and touching each other tenderly, before moving into a 69 position. Meanwhile Victoria had asked me to lay down on my front with cushions to support me and she would fuck me from behind. I had slightly worried about Victoria penetrating me anally, but as I felt the strap on dildo enter my vagina, I just relaxed to enjoy what was happening. Watching Sally and Jo licking each others pussies, while my own pussy was being fucked was just amazing. After an unknown amount of time, I just came and collapsed into the cushions in a state of sheer bliss. I felt Victoria behind me licking up the juices that coated the back of my thighs.

Interrupting the session Sally asked "Do you girls fancy a swim to cool off?"

"Yes, sounds good to me!" Jo responded.

"Give me a minute to remove this!" Victoria asked pointing to the strap on.

"I need a minute as well just to recover!" I requested.

"Ok, if you are now ready, let us all get up and head downstairs!" Sally implored.

The four of us then got up and off of the bed, walking naked down the stairs to the indoor pool area.

As we entered the pool room, we were all in for a big surprise!

"Kerry, Sandy, I did not hear you arrive at the house!" Sally shouted loudly.

A naked Kerry swam to the side of the pool saying, "Yes we arrived about 15 minutes ago and noticed the clothes on the dining room chairs, so we decided not to find you to invade your bedroom privacy!"

"It is a lovely sight seeing you all standing there naked though, did you have fun?" Kerry added.

"Yes, I will talk to you later!" Sally responded.

"Great seeing you two girls Amy and Jo, you look just as cute as I remember!" Kerry shouted across.

"This is Sandy." Kerry said pointing to her blonde friend who was now by Kerry's side in the pool.

"Nice to meet you Sandy." I advised.

"I have been hearing about you two Amy and Jo and you are just as described by the ladies." Sandy revealed.

"I can't wait to have some fun times with you Amy and Jo!" Sandy added with a suggestive voice while grinning widely.

"Not now Sandy, you will have to wait!" Sally advised her.

"Don't worry I am a very patient person!" Sandy responded.

In my head I just thought to myself what I had become involved in. It would seem to be a lesbian family, their friends and anyone they could seduce to join them in their activities. I was very reluctant to have a swim with Kerry and Sandy in the pool. I could see Jo standing behind Victoria and Sally looking a bit worried.

"Me and Sandy will get out of the pool, to allow you four ladies room to enjoy yourselves!" Kerry announced pulling on the rails to lift herself out of the pool.

Sandy followed Kerry and I was absolutely stunned by the natural beauty that Sandy was. She was seemingly a natural blonde, with a figure that was just ridiculous for someone age over 50. I watched Sandy and Kerry very closely as they headed for the door. 

"You like what you see do you Amy?" Sally asked me noticing me admiring Sandy.

"Yes, I was just thinking that Sandy had an amazing figure, almost as good as yours Sally!" I replied.

"I am flattered, thank you and yes Sandy is beautiful!" Sally responded.

"Let us have a quick swim girls and afterwards we will get dressed before tea. I will then drive you back close to your house." Victoria suggested.

We then had a 10 minute or so swim in the lovely pool, occasionally stopping to play with each other, touching and kissing. Sally and Victoria also locked lips together, looking at Jo and I to check our reactions.

"Perhaps we might go one step further the next time girls, to fulfil your secret fantasies!" Victoria suggested.

Sally laughed, "After that prank earlier, the girls don't know what to think!"

"It was funny, but confusing!" I said shaking my head.

"If you are into incest Sally and Victoria, I suspect you keep it a secret between you?" Jo queried.

"Sometimes it is better to have a fantasy about something, than to experience it for real! Once you have satisfied all fantasies what is left?" Sally asked

"I will think about you two Sally and Victoria, as I lay in bed tonight!" I said with a wink.

"Keep dreaming girl!" Victoria retorted.

We then got out of the pool, grabbed towels to dry off and then headed towards the dining room. We picked up our clothes that were draped on the dining chairs and quickly got dressed. 

"Come to the kitchen girls to see what you want for tea." Sally requested.

We then walked to the kitchen, where Sally put on the kettle to make tea. She also got out various items to fill bread rolls with and soft drinks from the fridge. We then sat at the kitchen table to eat.

"What happened to Kerry and Sandy?" I asked.

"They are probably upstairs in Kerry's room having sex!" Victoria replied.

"After seeing us all naked coming into the pool room, I expect that they had needs to attend to!" Sally said smiling.

"Does Kerry still have a room here then?" Jo asked.

"Yes and so does Victoria, so when either stay here they sleep in their old rooms?" Sally explained.

"Is Sandy married or in a relationship with someone other than Kerry?" I asked, with Victoria looking at me a little annoyed.

"Sandy was married to a guy called Bob, but they divorced many years ago. They had one Daughter who is now a teenager studying abroad?" Sally responded. 

"It is really great Sally that you don't mind your Daughters having sex openly in your house without it being a problem for you." Jo remarked.

"We are quite relaxed about us women having sexual needs and we are really pleased to share this openness with you Jo and Amy!" Sally responded.

"I would be very happy if you Jo and Amy, were regular visitors to my house, not just for intimate time together, but also as an extended part of my family." Sally added.

"I would certainly love that." I confirmed.

"Count me in!" Jo agreed.

"Can I just ask that you do not speak to others outside of our extended family group, about any of this personal stuff." Sally requested

"Many people will just not understand the fun times that we share together." Sally added.

"I am good at keeping secrets, so I agree to your request!" Jo confirmed.

"Yes, I will also respect privacy, as I want it to be our secret!" I insisted.

"We are all agreed. Great!" Sally said with delight.

"I will stay in touch with Amy and Jo, about future arrangements." Victoria suggested.

"Yes, that is a good idea, but I will also give Amy and Jo my contact details, if they ever want to see me or need help with anything!" Sally advised.

After swapping our contact details and finishing our tea, Victoria suggested, "I think I had better drive you back to your house now girls, as you had course work to finish."

Jo and I grabbed our overnight bags, before heading for the door to get into Victoria's car. At the doorstep, Sally held me and Jo in her hands kissing us on our lips saying, "I can't wait to see you again girls, I really enjoyed myself!"

"Thank you Sally, we have both thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!" I replied taking Jo's thoughts for granted.

"We will see you again!" Jo said, as we moved to Victoria's car.

As we drove away from Sally's house we waved our goodbyes. On the way back, not much was said other than small talk repeating that we enjoyed our weekend. When we got near to the student house, Jo suggested that we get out of the car around the corner from the house, so we were not seen by our housemates.

Leaving the car, I asked Victoria to text me, about any future activities and she agreed. We said our quick goodbyes and walked around to the house. On arriving, Jo and I headed to our rooms, hoping not to be spotted. Thankfully neither of us bumped into any housemates. 

Later downstairs, several of the girls were assembled in the lounge after being away for the weekend.

Gemma asked, "Anyone do anything interesting this weekend?"

Pritti advised that she had spent time with her family and helped in the family shop.

I just said, "Pretty boring doing course work and watching TV rubbish. But Jo and I did pop out for a walk earlier."

Jo slightly smirked at me echoing my words, "Yes a bit boring, me and Amy sat in our rooms doing course work, only meeting up to eat and watch TV."

*****************

Several days later I had a project as part of my fashion design course that I needed help with. I had to find out from consumers that buy top end fashion what they considered when spending a lot of money on one garment. The only person I knew that might be able to help with this was Sally. So I texted Sally just saying, "I have a Uni project on high end fashion, can you help me please, love Amy xxx."

An hour or so later Sally texted back saying, "Do you want to go out for dinner tomorrow evening at my favourite Italian and we can discuss?"

I texted back, "Yes please, is this our first date?"

A few minutes later text received back, "Yes lets call it a date, I will pick you up at the end of your road at 7pm, Love Sally xxx."

"Looking forward to it. See you tomorrow" I texted to confirm.

I just sat smiling in my room about spending time with Sally, before looking in my wardrobe to see what I had to wear that would be appropriate. If it was a top Italian restaurant, then I had to dress appropriately. Not knowing what to wear, I texted Jo saying, "I need help with something in my room if you are around, luv Amy."

A couple of minutes later a reply came, "See you in a minute."

Jo then came in my room without knocking, "What do you want help with?"

"I am meeting Sally for dinner out tomorrow so she can help with a course project on high end fashion." I explained.

"Sounds more like a date to me!" Jo remarked.

"It is related to course work, but yes it is a date of sorts." I admitted.

"I am a little jealous!" Jo stated.

"Do you think there will be any action afterwards at Sally's house?" Added Jo questioning the arrangement.

"I had not thought about that to be honest!" I replied.

"Would you be Ok, if I did have sex with Sally without you being there?" I asked

After a pause Jo acknowledged, "We are not a couple and we should just enjoy any experiences that arise, so you go for it, if Sally wants to spend time alone with you!"

"Thank you Jo and you must feel free to act in the same way. But can we tell each other about our adventures so there are no secrets?" I asked.

"Deal!" Jo confirmed.

After showing Jo the contents of my wardrobe, we picked out a decent pair of trousers, a nice top and shoes that would be suitable.

"Thanks Jo for helping me." I said. Before adding, "I am tempted to spend some quality time with you now Jo if you were interested, but I don't want Gemma to hear us from next door!"

"I am not interested anyway, as I am too tired and need sleep!" Jo replied leaving the room saying, "Goodnight Amy."

I then decided that I needed to sleep to be ready for what might be a late night tomorrow. After going to the bathroom to get ready for bed, I got into bed trying to imagine what might happen with Sally.

********

The next day after being at University all day, I arrived back at the house and went to my room to get ready for an exciting first date with Sally. Thinking about what Jo had said about Sally taking me back to her house after dinner for sex, had really made me nervous. Apart from Jo and I being seduced into sex by two Sisters Kerry and Victoria, this would be the first time I had been on an official date, with one on one sex with Sally being a possibility. I thought to myself whether I was just over thinking about something that might not happen anyway. And I also questioned in my head why a beautiful lady such as Sally who was in her early 50's would be interested in dating an 18 year girl such as myself. I had never considered myself very attractive, as a short slightly curvy blonde, with average looks.

After showering for longer than usual still thinking about my date, I got ready to go out, putting on the clothes I had selected with Jo the previous evening. I took extra time to put on make up and apply varnish to both toe and fingernails.
