 ( This is a continuation of the University series of stories. Readers might want to read the first two parts in order to understand this episode better. The following is a summary for those who don't wish to read the previous episodes.)

Amy ( the narrator of the stories) moved into a shared Student house with seven other girls. Amy and a housemate called Jo shared a first time lesbian experience together with two Sisters Victoria and Kerry. Victoria and Kerry were University Tutors and were about ten years older. Amy and Jo then enjoyed sex together on two further occasions, before later having a threesome with Victoria. After this latest experience, Victoria had arranged for Amy and Jo to meet her Mum, who she revealed had become a lesbian after her Husband had left her.

*****************

As I woke on a Sunday morning in bed with Jo, I felt incredibly good. I had just spent the previous evening enjoying a threesome with Jo and Victoria. And later this Sunday, we would be going to visit Victoria's Mum with the possibility of further sexual experiences. Victoria had told Jo and I, that Victoria's Mum had had sexual relationships with girls of our age previously. Victoria also described her Mum as a MILF with the figure of a model. As I lay in bed waiting for Jo to wake up, my mind kept imagining what might happen later which was making me feel horny.

I lent over to stroke Jo's back gently hoping to wake her and after a few minutes Jo moved, as I spooned into her for a morning cuddle. After awhile Jo turned over facing me and we fully embraced each other kissing tenderly.

"Morning my lover!" I said whispering

"Morning squirt!" Jo responded with a smile.

"Is that your name for me now?" I asked.

"Seems appropriate!" Jo replied.

"Are you ready for what might happen later?" I questioned.

"I will just go with the flow and see what happens." Jo responded with a yawn.

"Apart from taking part in sex which includes incest?" I queried.

"Yes, I would feel uncomfortable if Victoria started to have sex with her Mum in front of me!" Jo stated.

"I agree, but until it happens in front of you, then you can only imagine how you would feel about it!" I suggested.

"I suppose so, but if it happens in front of me and I don't like it, then I will leave the room!" Jo insisted. 

"I agree, but if it happens and I feel comfortable I might stay being involved sexually if it is OK with you?"

"That would be your choice, as it will be mine, so not a problem!" Jo confirmed.

"Thinking about it, as I really respect our love for each other, if you leave the room, then I will also leave, because I think we should stick together while enjoying new experiences!"

"That is a deal!" Jo replied with relief.

"I was worried you might start going further without me!" Jo added.

"No I would not do that my love!" I replied to reassure Jo.

I pulled Jo into a longer kiss and we just laid together for about an hour, until i could see daylight coming through the curtains. As I began to think about getting up, there was a knock on the door. "Come in!" I said raising my voice.

The door opened with Victoria peeping her head in the room. "Morning girls!" Victoria announced warmly.

"Morning Teach!" I said trying to amuse.

"Yes morning 'Miss'!" Jo added asking Victoria, "Would you please come in, so we could talk?"

"Of course I will!" Victoria replied closing the door and pacing across the floor to the bed to sit on one side.

"What do you want to talk about?" Victoria asked

"It is not about last night, which I thoroughly enjoyed!", "It is about what you have planned for later at your Mums house?" Jo questioned.

"I have not planned anything as such, as I normally go to my Mums house on a Sunday, where I have lunch and relax using her indoor pool if I feel like it." Victoria replied.

"So we are just joining you in your normal Sunday routine?" I asked.

"Yes of course that it what I was thinking!" Victoria responded.

"Is there something else on your mind girls?" Victoria asked.

"It is only that you mentioned your Mum being a lesbian and having had a sexual relationship with two 18 year old girls!" I stated.

"Oh...I see, that it what you were thinking!" Victoria said in a way that suggested she was deciding how to respond.

"You think that I am taking you around to my Mums house, where you will both be seduced into an afternoon of sex, with my Mum and I?" Victoria queried with a broad smile.

"Yes sort of!" Jo admitted.

I just lay looking at Victoria with a grin, waiting for a reply, before eagerly saying, "Remember Victoria, I said in my text that we are open to anything wink wink!!"

"You naughty naughty girls!!" Victoria replied before taking off her nightdress and saying with a sexy low voice, "Make space between you in the bed, so I am the meat in your sandwich!"

As Jo and I moved to make space, Victoria crawled over me to lay in the middle. As she did this Jo and I both cuddled into Victoria, kissing her on each cheek. Our hands caressed Victoria, as she just laid back enjoying the attention. After what must have been half an hour of just laying touching each other anywhere we felt like, I was feeling amazing, but in my mind, I wanted to reserve energy for later. 

Breaking the silence Victoria said, "I am really enjoying cuddling you girls, but I think we should get up, have breakfast and then prepare ourselves for later!"

Victoria scooted out of the bed, grabbed her nightdress and headed for the door. Before she left the room, she blew us a kiss before saying, "I really love you two dream girls!!"

"We love you too Victoria!" Jo and I seemed to say at the same time.

I got up out of bed, putting my lingerie and dressing gown on, before heading to the ensuite bathroom for a quick wash. On returning to the bedroom Jo was waiting to enter the ensuite and I said, "I will see you downstairs!"

On entering the kitchen, I could not help but pull Victoria into a warm embrace kissing her on her lips. As I stood one step back from her looking into her eyes, I whispered, "I really want to spend some quality time with you later!"

Victoria responded quietly, "There is a very good possibility that we will be able to continue what we have already started this weekend!"

"I am less nervous than Jo about any new experiences which might involve other members of your family Victoria!" I explained.

"Making presumptions might lead to disappointment you know!" Victoria pointed out.

"I am sorry, if I have misunderstood the situation!" I replied.

"Sit down at the table Amy while we have breakfast and I will explain a bit more, before Jo joins us." Victoria requested.

As we sat drinking coffee and eating toast, Victoria explained to me, "Amy, you and Jo are very similar to the two 18 year old girls my Mum had a relationship with about 10 years ago. I have just told my Mum about you and yes we have talked about possibilities of having fun!"

"What were the names of the two girls and what happened to them?" I asked.

"April and Lisa. They actually lived with my Mum for a few years but eventually moved away from the area to work." Victoria explained.

"They actually lived with your Mum in a three way relationship?" I asked.

"Yes and they were all very happy!" Victoria replied.

"Has your Mum kept in contact with them?" I asked.

"Yes she has and they have visited her on occasions, but they have since formed relationships with women of their own age." Victoria explained.

Before I could ask any further questions, Jo came into the kitchen saying, "What were you two talking about?"

"Not much, just general chat about everyday topics like food." I responded

"What would you like to eat Jo, other than my pussy, for which will have to wait until later!" Victoria said laughing

Jo looked at Victoria red faced and smiling saying, "You read my mind!"

We all just laughed at how this weekend was going, with the three of us feeling very comfortable in being together just exploring our sexuality.

"As your pussy is currently off limits Victoria, I will just have toast and coffee!" Jo said with a straight face.

Victoria got up, putting bread on to toast and made more coffee, as Jo sat down at the table.

"I noticed you did not mention eating me!" I said to Jo smirking at her.

"Variety is the spice of life don't you know!" Jo retorted.

Victoria returning to the table with toast and coffee for Jo remarked, "If you two like to spice up your sex life's with variety, then you will not be disappointed later!!"

"I have it on good authority that my Mum is very tasty!" Victoria added with a broad smile and wink.

Jo and I just looked at each other smiling, no doubt thinking about the conversation we had earlier.

Changing the subject I asked Victoria, "How long have you been a Tutor at the University?"

"Just over 5 years and I was very lucky not to have to move away from the area." Victoria replied.

"And Kerry was very helpful in informing about the vacancy, as she had already been at the University for 2 years working." Victoria added.

We sat at the table for awhile, before Victoria suggested that we had better all get ready to go to her Mums. I suggested that we pick up some flowers for her Mum on the way.

Jo and I returned upstairs to Kerry's bedroom to get ready, with Victoria returning to her bedroom. We quickly got out of our lingerie and headed for the bathroom to shower. As we waited for the water to heat up, I said to Jo, "When we shower, I suggest that we don't fool around, as I want to save myself for later!" Jo nodded smiling in response

As we showered, we both helped clean the parts we could not reach and made sure that no part was left untouched by soap. I even entered a finger into Jo's butt, which caused Jo to say, "Oi..cheeky!"

"Just being thorough!" I replied adding, "You can return the favour if you want?" bending over slightly towards Jo.

Jo grabbed me and positioned herself to clean my ass, entering a soaped finger, which I must admit was not unpleasant. "Ummm.." I said with with a slight shudder.

After we had finished the shower, Jo grabbed a large towel and we dried ourselves off, before returning to the bedroom. We both put back on the lingerie and the dresses we had worn. Looking over at the dressing table I notice some perfumes and I thought Kerry would not mind. "Fancy a spray of this?" I asked before applying it on Jo. I also applied a little, hoping Kerry would not mind.

Jo and I then picked up our overnight bags to head down the stairs to wait for Victoria. We sat in the lounge watching TV news and half an hour later Victoria appeared. "Are you ready to leave now girls? Victoria asked.

"Yes we are, so I will turn off the TV." I responded.

The three of us then headed out of the door getting into Victoria's nice estate car that was parked on her drive. I reminded Victoria, "Don't forget to stop near a shop so we can buy your Mum some flowers."

A short drive down the road, Victoria stopped near a shop and I quickly got out of the car to buy a nice colourful bunch of flowers. As I got back in the car, Victoria said, "Thank you, I am sure my Mum will appreciate the flowers as part of a wooing process, not that she needs any encouragement!"

"Very funny, some people still have manners don't you know!" I retorted.

After about 5 minutes driving, we entered a small village and Victoria drove down a long driveway to a large old house at the end of it.

"Wow!! Is this house all your Mums?" Jo asked.

"Yes stunning isn't it and it is why I come here every week, as well as to see Mum!" Victoria replied.

After we had parked outside the front door, I could see a lady appear at the door. I thought to myself what an absolute fox. A stunning tall redhead, with a figure that had to be seen to be believed. I turn around looking at Jo in the backseat, to see her eyes very wide staring at the lady, with her jaw extended mouthing "Wow..."

As we headed to the door, Victoria said, "Morning Mum, this is Amy and Jo!"

"Lovely to meet you two girls and I hope you had fun last night with Victoria!" Victoria's Mum said greeting us. "Sorry, i should have added that my name is Sally, so please use that?" She added

"Lovely to meet you as well Sally. We bought you some flowers, just as thankyou for inviting us over!"

Sally took the flowers and the four of us entered the house into a large hallway. Sally instructed, "Victoria please show Amy and Jo around the house, while I find a vase for the flowers. And I will join you in the lounge in a bit."

Victoria first showed us the front room, which was apparently originally used as a waiting room for visitors to the house. Instead Sally had turned it into an office, where she could sit and use a computer, as well as store all her paperwork. Across the hallway, was a cloakroom with basic toilet and wash basin. Along a corridor, we were led into a leisure area, where there was gym equipment as well as a Swedish sauna. Through a door we found the swimming pool, which was of a very good size with a large tiled area with reclining chairs for people to use to relax after swimming. At one end there were a row of doors that could be fully moved to one side to access the large garden.

"Amazing house Victoria, I am jealous!" I admitted.

"Yes I could cope with living here!" Jo advised.

After we left the leisure area, Victoria showed us upstairs, where she mentioned that there were six bedrooms. Three of them had ensuite bathrooms and the other three shared a large family bathroom. 

Opening one door Victoria said, "This is Mums room and as the largest it has a walk in wardrobe room which you will love."

As Victoria showed us the wardrobe room, I could not help but notice all of the designer clothes, which were very nearly stored. I asked, "Was Sally a model then, judging by the expensive designer clothes she has?"

"Yes, my Mum was a model from age 16 and still does a bit for magazines!" Victoria replied.

"I am not surprised, as Sally is really stunning!" Jo enthused.

As we moved back into the bedroom, I could not help but notice the largest bed I have ever seen. It was one of the big round beds, where you just thought that getting hold of sheets must be difficult and washing must be a nightmare.

"That bed Victoria is huge and Sally could share it with three others without them even touching!" I said in amazement.

"Yes...it certainly is a bed for sharing!!" Victoria said suggestively.

Victoria then showed us a large ensuite with a bath that must take ages to fill and a shower that could service at least three people.

On leaving Sally's room, Victoria said. "I won't bother showing you the other rooms, as after seeing my Mums room they will be pretty boring in comparison!"

On returning downstairs, Victoria showed us a large modern kitchen, where lunch was obviously already in the oven going by the smell and then a dining room with a large table, with a door leading into a garden room. Through another door was a huge lounge with a number of sofas and other quality furniture. Sally was sat at one end reading a magazine.

"Did you girls enjoy your tour of the house?" Sally asked.

"Yes you are very lucky!" I stated

"It is a bit big for one person, even though I have people over regularly to share it." Sally admitted.

"Victoria mentioned that you were a model and still do a bit. Is that hard work, how you afforded to buy such a lovely house? Jo asked.

"Yes that is one reason, but I married well and divorced well, so I have been very lucky to not to have any money worries!" Sally explained.

"I still earn money from modelling, as you can see from this magazine!" Sally advised passing it to me and Jo.

"Absolutely stunning pictures and amazing clothes to model!" I said complimenting Sally.

"Thanks very much, but I think the pictures are enhanced a little!" Sally suggested.

"Changing the subject girls, I hope you like fish pie and veg, as that it what I am cooking for lunch?"

"Sounds good to me!" I replied.

"And me." Jo added.

"I will go and prepare lunch girls, Victoria knows where I keep my wine!" Sally announced.

Before leaving the room Sally added, "I forgot to tell you Victoria, that Kerry and Sandy will be coming over later!"

"Oh...Ok, I thought Kerry was away on a Teaching course?" Victoria said unconvincingly. 

Victoria left the room to no doubt seek out the wine Sally had mentioned and as she did so, I turned to Jo saying, "The Kerry thing is a bit strange don't you think?"

"Yes it is given that you might recall that Victoria mentioned a lady called Sandy as having had sex with both Kerry and Victoria!" I stated.

"So Kerry seems to still be in a relationship with Sandy?" Jo queried.

Victoria re-entered the room with a bottle of white wine and glasses, saying, "You will really enjoy this, as my Mum only buys quality wine!"

As we sat enjoying the delicious wine Victoria had just poured, I picked up the courage to ask a tricky question. "Hope you don't mind me asking you Victoria, but is the Sandy Kerry is coming over with later, the same Sandy you mentioned yesterday?"

Victoria paused obviously thinking what to say then explained, "Yes it is the same Sandy. Kerry has been seeing her on and off since she was 18, but it has been complicated!" 

"Why complicated?" Jo asked.

"Before I explain further, please keep this to yourselves and don't say anything to my Mum!" Victoria asked.

"Of course we won't say anything!" I confirmed with Jo nodding in agreement.

"After my Dad left my Mum, Sandy and my Mum had a relationship that lasted several years. My Mum was aware and accepted Kerry continuing to meet up with Sandy for sex. When my Mum ended her relationship with Sandy, Kerry maintained hers with Sandy, becoming a couple in private but living separately. To this date, Kerry and Sandy still enjoy sex, both at the house I share with Kerry and here at Mums." Victoria said very candidly.

"Does your Mum mind them having sex in her house?" I asked.

"No she does not mind, as part of the deal is that she gets to enjoy time with Sandy alone, without being in any form of relationship. It is purely a deal between all of them, which they all seem to be happy with!" Victoria said in way that suggested she did not really understand it.

"So do you still have sex with Sandy?" Jo asked.

"No I do not, as I did not want to be part of an arrangement. I am seeking the right person or persons to enjoy 'special' time with, which is why I agreed to be involved with Kerry in sort of seducing the two of you." Victoria explained.

"That explains so much about what has happened to date!" I suggested.

"Ok. I understand and sorry for all of the questions!" I added.

"I don't blame you asking questions as my family is a little bit unconventional, if that is the correct word to sum up my family!" Victoria said smirking. 

"Yes you could certainly say that without any dispute being raised!" Jo stated.

As we all laughed, Sally popped her head in the room to announce, "Time for lunch girls!"

Victoria stood up pointing the way, as we headed out of the lounge through to the dining room. Sally had laid out four table placements for us at the end of the large table. In the middle of the table was the large vase of flowers we had bought. Sally sat down next to Victoria on one side of the table, with Jo and I opposite. Sally then stood to serve up the fish pie, asking us to help ourselves to the veg on a large serving plate in the middle of the table. To go with the meal Sally had opened up two more bottles of the lovely wine we had already been enjoying.

"This pie is amazing Sally, how did you learn to cook so well?" I asked.

"Thank you! I actually went on a weeks cookery course at a well known chefs culinary school, which is based in a large country house, where you can also stay in the bedrooms." Sally replied.
