 "I can't believe you didn't know there was a ball on the first night!"

Gemma felt so foolish as she heard Amy talk about the events of that evening. It was her first night in the dorm rooms of her new university, and at just 18, she had been feeling nervous all day about the right impression.

"Did you not get all the stuff from the union?" Amy asked, amazed at Gemma's lack of knowledge

"It must have got lost in the post or something - I had no idea!"

Gemma had only known Amy for 5 hours, since moving into her shared room on the third floor of their university halls. They had instantly got on, and had helped each other with unpacking, and preparing their new home. But this realisation had thrown things. Amy was excited about attending a first-night ball and 'checking out the talent' - she had already tried several dresses on, and by now was standing in her underwear, but Gemma hadn't even realised the event was planned.

"I don't think I'm going to go," Gemma began, "I haven't got a thing to wear, and I really don't want to be seen in half of the stuff I've brought at a ball."

"Not go? How can you not go?" The surprise in Amy's voice was clear. "You've got to go. Look, I'm sure you can wear something of mine - what size are you?"

Within moments, the two girls were sorting through Amy's wardrobe for a dress to wear. Gemma recognised her luck as she looked through Amy's collection of gorgeous dresses, recognising each one as her own choice of style, and her own slender size. Both girls had natural hour-glass figures, with finely-curved 34B chests.

Eventually, Amy reached into her wardrobe with a start.

"This is it! This is what you should wear!"

From the cupboard she pulled a sleek cream dress with a low-cut neck. Gemma knew it looked stunning, but she wasn't so sure that she could pull it off.

"I don't know," Gemma began nervously, "I don't really do light colours"

"Nonsense!" Amy's reply was blunt, "You'll look great in it, I can just tell. Come on, try it on"

Normally, Gemma would have taken herself into the bathroom to try on a dress, but as Amy was still stood in front of her in little more than a thong, she hardly felt the need for modesty. She slipped her sweater over her head, and then unbuttoned her jeans to slide them off, placing them on the bed. As she stood, she felt her body shudder slightly as she noticed Amy glance up and down her slender body, pausing briefly at her small black panties, and lacy bra. Then, she reached for the dress, and slid it on over her head, pulling it gently down into place.

"Wow!" Amy stared at her in the dress, "I officially hate you."

"What?" Gemma heard herself cry in surprise.

"You look so much better in that dress than I ever have. Just gorgeous. I hate you!"

"I don't know..." Gemma mumbled to herself, nervously. She glanced down at the area she knew would be a concern, and sure enough when you looked, the black panties were obvious beneath the light colour of the material. And to make matters worse, there was a clear panty line visible.

"Look, it's no good," she began, "I can't go out like this." She pointed to the ridge evident from the panty-line as she explain to Amy.

"So." Amy replied, with a sneaky look in her eye, "Go without."

That simple conclusion had been what Gemma feared most. For although she had on many occasions worn tight-fitting dresses without underwear, they had always been black dress. Always dark. Always able to cover her dark bushy mound.

"I can't," she explained quickly to Amy.

"Why not?" came the obvious reply.

"Well, just look at my hair." She reached to pull her long dark hair over her shoulder into view. "I'm just not the sort of girl who can wear light colours and go commando, am I?"

Gemma was surprised at her own confidence in announcing what had always previosly been a shameful secret to her, but not quite as surprised as she was when she heard the reply.

"So... shave it!" Amy stated, without batting an eyelid.

The look on Gemma's face was clearly enough to explain to Amy that this was not familiar territory to her.

"Have you never..?" Now it was Amy's face who told the story of her surprise.

Nervously, Gemma stood, almost embarassed to be there, as she wondered to herself why she had never had the courage to shave the hair which had caused her such grief for so long. Then, her thought process was broken by Amy's next statement.

"Do you want to?"

"What?" came Gemma's shocked response.

"Well, we're roommate, so we talk about everything, right? So I'm saying, do you want to shave? I mean, I'm happy to help you if you're worried about how..."

"You mean... you do?" Gemma inquired, somewhat surprised at the frankness of their discussion.

"Of course," Amy began with incredulity, "I've been smooth for years"

Over the next few minutes, every word that left their mouths came as a surprise to Amy. She had never discussed her concerns about her muff before, and yet here she was talking to a near stranger about what it felt like to be smooth. She could never have imagined this happening, much less what was to occur next.

"Do you want to feel?" Amy asked, without the slightest hesitation.

"Sorry?"

"I don't mind. I mean, we're going to be living together for a year, there's not much point in having secrets from each other is there? And anyway, if we're going to go to that ball, then I've got to convince you"

"What, you mean, feel... you?" Gemma asked, fearful that she was about to make a fool of herself.

"Yes. I mean, we're both girls, we're both 18, it's not exactly a crime, is it? And if you think it's okay, then we can get you shaved and we can go out"

Gemma was equally thrilled and horrified at the same time. She could feel her face reddening with embarassment, but she knew that she wanted nothing more than to admire the pussy of the beautiful girl sat before her. And so, with dry lips, she eventually heard herself respond nervously.

"Okay."

Amy wasted no time. Instantly, she stood up, and slid her pink thong to the floor, until she was stood in front of Gemma wearing just a bra, and gently touching her smooth mound. Obviously aware of Gemma's nervousness, Amy reached for her hand she guided her towards her, letting her fingertips run across her smooth skin. Gently Gemma felt her, savouring each inch of her skin, and then cheekily gliding across the crack of her pussy before she pulled away.

"Okay... I'll do it." Gemma's response was clear. She wanted to feel that smoothness on her own pussy. She picked herself up and headed to the bathroom. But to her surprise, she didn't go alone. Without a pause, Amy followed her into the room, and closed the door behind them.

"Right, this is a delicate operation," Amy began to explain, "So you need to follow my instructions carefully. Firstly, just get yourself undressed and then do what I do: sit yourself on the side of the bath."

Gemma was so surprised at this intervention that she felt no option but to follow the orders. She slid her bra and panties from her peachy white body onto the bathroom floor, and then climbed into the bath, sitting edgily on the rim. As she did so, she watched Amy reach for the shower head, and then adjust the temperature as the water started running.

"Now, at first, this is going to be a bit of a surprise, but then... well, then it gets kinda nice," she explained. Then, without any further explanation she took her left hand, and parted Gemma's legs, before directed the now warm shower-spray right towards Gemma's pussy. At first, Gemma shuddered with the surprise of the water pressure, but then, almost instantly she felt her body relax and enjoy the sensation of the water splashing against her.

By now, Gemma knew that her fate was entirely in Amy's hands - literally - and yet she felt strangely comforted by that fact. As she imagined the possible result of her experience, she felt Amy's hand slide between her legs, and begin massaging her mound, letting the water run over her softly. But then, to her surprise, the movement became more powerful. She felt the hand push deeper between her. No sooner as it had done so, it moved away and reached for the razor already on the rim of the bath.

"Just tell me if you want me to stop at all, okay?" said Amy, clearly. And with that, she let the razor run slowly over the hair around Gemma's pussy. Almost instantly Gemma felt herself freeze, partly through fear of the sharpened blade, but much more with the excitement of feeling Amy so close to her, breathing on her neck, spraying the warm water into her pussy, running the razor so slowly over her. Gradually she saw the hair wash away, revealing her soft white skin beneath. She relaxed as she felt Amy's hands wash over her, brushing lightly against her pussy.

"I just need to run along the middle..." Amy began, but before she had finished her sentence Gemma felt her warm fingers run gently across the crack of her pussy, gently parting her lips. Slowly the razor followed, brushing the last of the hair from her beautiful mound. But Amy did not stop. Gently her finger ran back and forth along the lips of Gemma's pussy, each time pressing more firmly, sliding slightly more deeply inside of her.

Gemma could feel her body reach a dilemma - it wanted to tense with fear, but equally it felt so right that it relaxed naturally as Amy's hand ran along the lips of her pussy, and then gently toyed with her clitoris. Then, her voice,

"Does it feel nicer, shaved?" Amy whispered into her ear. Unable to find the words, Gemma nodded, as she succumbed to the pleasure of feeling Amy's hands running over her water-sprayed pussy. Then, as the water stopped, she felt Amy turn her on the edge of the bath, lifting her legs out, until she was facing Amy.

"You know the best thing about being clean-shaven?" she enquired, with a glint in her eye, "It makes people just want to lick you, and taste your cunt. Do you mind me saying cunt?"

Gemma shook her head and smiled, "No. It sounds fine when you say it"

"It's a good word," Amy responded, "Makes me feel horny. What about you?"

Gemma nodded, and as she did, she watched Amy lower herself to push her face towards her pussy. And within seconds, she could feel Amy's tongue lapping at her moistened pussy, pushing against her warm lips, and tasting the juice that was now flowing from inside of her.

She watched as Amy ran her tongue all around her pussy, pushing gently inside of her, before gliding up to flick across her clitoris. Then, she noticed Amy's hand slide to her own pussy, sliding too across her pussy, and rubbing against herself. Even more turned on, Gemma felt her courage rise, and gently, she lifted Amy from her crouched position. As she rose, she led her back into their bedroom, where she flung the clothes from the bed onto the floor.

Within moment the two girls found themselves embracing on the bed, naked, feeling the warmth of one another's flesh pressing against their bodies. And then Gemma moved herself on top of Amy, lowering her pussy towards her face, taking her own tongue to Amy's mound, ready to continue the frenzied enjoyment. Their tongues plunged into one another pussy's savouring the taste of their excited depths. Faster their tongues slid across their clits until eventually each felt the other surging with orgasm. The energy rushing through their bodies as Gemma collapsed atop Amy in an excited sensation which left her numb with pleasure.

Eventually, Gemma took herself to lay alongside Amy.

"I've never done that before," she whispered into her ear.

"Me either," smiled Amy, "But hey, uni is a time for experimenting, isn't it?. Now, let's see if we can't go out tonight and grab ourselves a guy for the next experiment"

And with a cheeky smile, she stood up, and headed back towards the wardrobe...