 (This is a continuation of the previous University- A new beginning story, with the first part kind of a summary of what has happened from two viewpoints, Amy telling the story and friend/housemate Jo)

*****

After the events of last night and this morning at Kerry and Victoria's, Jo and I decided not to discuss what had happened, in order not to create any suspicion amongst the girls we were sharing a student house with.

We had managed to return to the house and go to our rooms, without any of the other six house mates noticing. I sat in my room laying on my bed replaying the events in my mind and feeling slightly horny as a consequence. I also thought about Jo and imagined what she had done with Kerry and Victoria while she was with them. I had not really thought about Jo in a sexual way, as she was a friend I shared a house with. But in trying to imagine the sex Jo had with the Sisters, I was feeling a bit turned on. 

As i thought about what Kerry had said about seeing her Sister Victoria enjoying Jo eat her pussy, I was picturing in my mind what she had seen. I started to pinch at my nipples which had grown stiff. Jo was a very cute girl, with sparkling blue eyes, a small perfect nose and kissable lips, with lovely brown hair. She had a lovely trim athletic figure, with a tight butt and boobs that perfectly matched her frame size. I had not really thought about Jo in this way, until the adventures of last night with the Sisters. 

Across the hallway of the student house Jo was also laying on her bed thinking about what had transpired. This was not the first time Jo had experienced sexual activity with another girl as she had messed around with a girl from school, but had only gone as far as kissing, touching and masturbating together. At the time, neither Jo or her school friend wanted to go any further. Jo thinking about the differences between Kerry and Victoria, had noticed that while Kerry was quite rough, Victoria was a lovely sensitive lover. If she had opportunity to see only one of the Sisters again it would be Victoria. 

When Jo had caught Kerry and Victoria, in the upstairs hallway swapping over sex partners, she was quite happy to see Kerry move across to Amy. Although at that point she had no idea what Victoria would be like, she hoped to be able to control the situation better, with a more shared experience, rather than have one being so dominant. When Victoria came into the room, Jo told her what she liked and thankfully Victoria was a very thoughtful lover. After a long session of kissing and caressing while totally naked, Jo had been able to go down on Victoria and enjoy it taking her time. As an added turn on, Jo had also noticed that Kerry was still outside of the door looking through a crack in the door as it had not been shut properly. Thinking of one Sister watching her sibling having her pussy eaten by another girl was quite a turn on. Jo had got off the bed to close the door, telling Kerry she had better go and see Amy.

*******

Later in the day near lunchtime both Jo and Amy went downstairs to make something to eat. Only one of the other girls Gemma was around, so they made some pasta and sat together in the lounge while watching TV.

Gemma asked, "What did you two do last night?" 

I responded, "Not much, just a few drinks with some of the others on my course and I slept on an uncomfortable sofa."

Jo responded, "Yes pretty much the same as me then, giving me a wink, with her head turned to me in a way Gemma could not see."

To avoid any further questioning by Gemma I asked, "What did you do last night Gemma?"

Gemma relied, "Not very much, I was so tired, I watched TV in bed and fell asleep."

After eating, the three of us just watched TV and gradually the other five housemates returned home. Later on when Gemma suggested going to the Pub, I suggested that we try another Pub, rather than the 'Jolly Sailor', as thought to myself I did not want to chance an awkward encounter with Kerry and Victoria, who seemed to be regulars there. So instead we ended up going to the 'Chain & Anchor', which was a much larger modern establishment.

As we sat in the Pub, Gemma asked me, "Have you and Jo seen Kerry from the 'Jolly Sailor' again, since you had your thank you drink?"

I responded, "No, I have not seen her or her Sister, as they are based at the Science part of the campus and live across town." 

Jo chipped in, "No I have not seen them either, but I did tell Kerry that you passed on your thanks for helping with the rent."

"Thanks for doing that, as I felt guilty not thanking Kerry personally." Gemma replied.

We sat in the Pub for an hour or so talking about our University experiences to date and returned to the house, as we had University courses the next morning.

When we got back to the house, I quietly said to Jo, "Once the others are in bed, I will come to your room for a quick chat."

Jo responded, "Ok. I will see you later. Text me before you come."

At around midnight, after texting Jo, I left my room and very quietly crossed the hallway to Jo's room. I did not knock to avoid noise and quietly opened her door. Once inside I paced across to Jo's bed.

"Hi Amy, what did you want to talk about?"Jo asked

"I felt a bit awkward in replying to Gemma about what I had done last night and whether I had seen Kerry again," I advised

"Yes, it was very awkward," agreed Jo.

"We really need to be careful about how we handle these situations, given that Kerry and Victoria are University Tutors and we are new students!" I warned.

"Yes, we will need to at least have a cover story, should anything happen further or we risk suspicion!" Jo recommended.

"Agreed, we will talk about this again, when we have a quiet moment." I responded.

I kissed Jo goodnight without thinking saying. "Sleep tight sweet thing." leaving the room to go to bed. On returning to bed, I smiled as I thought what I had just done.

A few days later, when Jo and I had the house to ourselves, I asked Jo, "Can we go up to your room, so we can discuss what happened last weekend?"

Jo quickly responded, "Yes I would love to do that, as I have been wondering whether we should talk or not, having shared in such an experience!"

"Ok great, lets go upstairs now as we might take awhile to run through everything that happened." I suggested.

"Cool, I will follow you." Jo said pointing towards the door that led to the stairs. 

As we entered Jo's room, I closed the door and applied the lock, so we would not be disturbed. We then both sat down on the bed making ourselves comfortable. 

"Who wants to tell their story first?" I asked

"I don't mind!" said Jo, "and it might make sense because I caught Kerry and Victoria swapping between us while you were sleeping."

"Great, i'm am getting wet in anticipation!!" I half joked with a smile.

"Where do i start?" Jo commented, before saying, "I know!" 

"I will begin with what happened in the lounge, while we watched the film." Jo added.

Jo continued. "As i was sitting under the blanket with Kerry, watching the lesbian film, I was starting to feel very horny, probably assisted by the wine and brandy I had consumed. As I had these feelings, Kerry was sat almost on top of me, with an arm around me massaging my back. I could also sense that Kerry was not really watching the film, but watching my reactions, as she first caressed my back, then neck and hair."

"I then felt a hand lightly touch the side of my face and this caused me to turn facing Kerry, where I locked eyes with her looking lustily at me. As we sat looking at each other for a number of minutes, Kerry gently touched my lips with a finger toying with me, before moving in for a very tender kiss. I heard Kerry whisper that she wanted me, asking me whether she could continue, which I found difficult to say no to."

"As I lent towards Kerry our lips met and we very slowly kissed, with our tongues dancing together. After awhile Kerry was feeling hot so took off her top and asked me to sit on her lap, which I did. As our kissing became more passionate, she threw me off her lap onto the sofa, where she quickly took off my dress, leaving me in my underwear and high heels. What started out as gentle, was now quite rough and rushed. As Kerry tried removing my panties, I asked her to stop and insisted we went to her bedroom for privacy. I grabbed my dress she had taken off and she pulled me up the stairs to her bedroom. At the time I had not really thought about what happened to you and Victoria."

"Wow!!" I said interrupting Jo half way through her telling me her story.

"Jo, by telling me this story you are really making me so horny, that I feel the need to touch myself." 

"Do you mind if I removed my top and Jeans, so I am more comfortable?" I asked Jo

"Yes of course, I don't mind and I will undress to underwear as well." Jo responded.

"Right, where was I?" Jo said restarting the story where she paused.

"Kerry had with some force pulled me up the stairs and into her bedroom and after closing the door, pushed me onto her bed like a rag doll. She then launched herself at me pinning me on the bed, kissing me hard, thrusting her tongue into my mouth, while she rubbed her panty covered pussy into mine. She continued to do this at pace for about 5 minutes not slowing down all, her breathing becoming heavy, as I struggled to cope with the physicality of this act of domination."

"Not letting up the pace Kerry then pulled my pants off and drove at me on the bed, with her face buried in my pussy. She spat saliva all over my pussy totally covering it and licked me like there was a persistent fire that needed to be put out. I literally felt as if I would explode and after she sucked too hard on my clit, I had to ask her to stop. I was just not ready for such a passionate lover!"

Pausing her story, Jo asked me. "Can I just lay down next to you for a cuddle and I might continue to tell you the rest of the story another time."

"Of course you can my love!" I said mentioning that my encounter with Kerry had also not been as enjoyable as it was with Kerry's Sister Victoria.

Jo joined me at the top of the bed and we pulled the sheets across, as we lay back with our heads on the pillows. I felt very contented having Jo's lovely warm slender body next to mine.

"I am really enjoying my cuddle with you Jo!" I said

"So am I!" Jo responded.

After spending about 10 minutes cuddling Jo asked "Amy the other day, when we agreed to have this talk, you kissed me on the lips. I am just wondering whether you might like to kiss me again?"

"Why do you think I suggested we go to your room to discuss what happened. Of course I would love to kiss and do more if you want to?" I replied with some relief.

"I really want to..." Jo said looking at me with desire.

I leant towards Jo, Kissing her very gently, with our tongues very softly touching. As we kissed, I embraced Jo totally caressing Jo's back with both hands and she did the same to me. We must have kissed for at least 10 minutes like this. I then pulled away from kissing Jo and pushed the sheets off down the bed. I kissed Jo from her mouth towards her ears, gently licking and biting each ear. I then kissed around her neck, down to the top of her chest. As I did this Jo moved onto her back and we paused a moment while I helped remove her bra.

As I moved on top of Jo, I could see her smiling up at me, with her sparking blue eyes looking into mine. I said to Jo, "I want you to enjoy me slowly making love to you, like we have all the time in the world!!"

I then proceeded to kiss and lick the top of Jo's chest area, with my hands lifting her breasts, squeezing them gently. I moved my mouth first on to her left nipple, sucking it very gently and feeling it stiffen in my mouth. I did the same to her right breast and then moved on to kissing her stomach. 

Before moving on, I pulled a pillow from the top of the bed and I placed it under Jo's bottom. With Jo looking at me as if to ask me why. I said to Jo, "When I eat your pussy, I want you to watch me!!" On hearing this, Jo grinned widely at and let out a girlish giggle.

I then proceeded to remove Jo's panties and as I cleared her feet, I kissed her feet, nuzzling each foot into my bra covered breasts. I then kissed down her legs and licked down the side of each thigh. Pulling her legs apart more, I could see her pussy glistening with her wetness. Jo's pussy was a lovely light pink, with the most perfect lips and a clitoral hood that looked like it might cover a fairly large clit.

As i got myself into a comfortable position on the bed, I then began to lick all around Jo's pussy, while gently using my fingers to tease her clit. I then gently licked and sucked at the clit, until it was exposed. It was certainly a lot bigger than mine and I could feel Jo's body shudder as I held it between my lips sucking it gently, while looking into her amazing blue eyes.

I then continued to lick all the way around Jo's pussy and then up her pussy, flicking her clit. I did this again and again in a repetitive rhythm fastening my pace. I then drove my tongue into her vaginal entrance, repeatedly stabbing it in and out, with my fingers covered in her juices caressing her clit. While I was doing this I constantly looked at Jo's face and seeing her in a state of arousal just made me want to continue until she could take no more.

Feeling that Jo wanted to be brought to a climax, I asked her whether she wanted to be penetrated by my fingers.

"Yes please..." She purred.

I then covered two fingers in my saliva and very slowly slid them into her, at first gently thrusting back and forward. While I picked up the pace, I took her swollen clit in my mouth sucking and licking it. I could see Jo beginning to writhe on the bed and breathe heavily, making a very cute cooing noise. Eventually, Jo reached down with a hand asking me to stop without speaking a word.

Before I moved up the bed to lay next to Jo, I took off my bra and pants. I covered Jo and I under the sheets to enjoy a tender embrace, as she came down from her climax. We just lay there for about 15 minutes just enjoying holding each other.

Jo then asked me, "What would you like me to do to you now?"

I responded, "Oh, I would love a massage first and where your hands touch me, I want you to kiss!"

"Front or back massage first?" Jo asked

"Back please!" I suggested.

Turning over on my front, Jo climbed over the back of me and started to massage my shoulders, kissing as she went. She then gradually continued down my back and sides, before getting to my ass. She massaged each cheek, kissing it with her soft lips. I then felt Jo push my legs apart, so my pussy was fully exposed to her. She then proceeded to massage and kiss my inner thighs, teasing towards my pussy. I then felt her tongue lick my pussy several times before stopping. Instead she massaged each leg all the way to my feet. Before tracing my legs with her tongue all the way back up my legs to my pussy, but just stopping short.

"You can turn over now please Amy!" Jo instructed.

I turned over on my back, to allow Jo to continue.

Jo then straddled me so that her pussy was almost touching mine and reached to massage my breasts, while looking into my eyes. She toyed with my nipples making them harder, before leaning down to take them into her mouth. As she sucked on my nipples she very gently bit on them. Jo ground her pussy on my left thigh, as she continued to massage my breasts and stomach. I could feel my thigh become slick with her juices, as she moved back and forward.

After several minutes of grinding her pussy on me, Jo moved down the bed and got herself comfortable. I smiled at her in anticipation of the services my pussy was going to receive. Jo opened her mouth releasing saliva onto my pussy and rubbed it all over with the palm of one hand. She then used fingers to stimulate my clit and moved her mouth to cover my pussy. Her tongue lapped at me from my vaginal entrance all the way to my clit. As her tongue licked at my tiny exposed clit, Jo entered a finger into me and then built up a steady rhythm, only interrupted by adding two and then three fingers. After Jo had spent time working away on me, I was feeling like I was getting close to climax.

"Oooh... I think I am coming Jo!!" I said quietly panting, before I felt a stream of liquid coming from my pussy.

Looking down at Jo, I could see her face and hair coated in liquid.

"I think that is what they call squirting!!" Jo said with an amused smile.

"Squirting!!" I said almost alarmed, "I have not done that before to my knowledge!"

"I will know the next time this might happen!" Jo replied with her wet eyebrows raised.

"Perhaps we should call an end to this lovely session and grab a shower?" I suggested.

We moved to Jo's ensuite bathroom and as there was only room for one person at a time, I sat on the toilet and watched Jo shower. As I sat and watched I felt very lucky to have just made love to this gorgeous lady. When Jo came out of the shower, I wrapped her in a towel and got into the shower.

When I came out of the bathroom, Jo had already got ready for bedtime and I thought whether I should join her.

"Jo, i think I better go to my bedroom to sleep, just in case the other girls see me come out of your room in the morning." I said reluctantly.

"Yes, that makes sense." Jo responded.

"I really enjoyed myself and hope you did." I said lovingly looking at Jo.

"Yes me too and thank you!" Jo replied.

I reached into Jo and kissed her saying "Goodnight sweet girl, I will see you in the morning."

Being very careful, I then quietly left Jo's room and returned to mine. I quickly got ready for bed and I just lay down looking at the ceiling thinking about what had just happened. I thought to myself, that I would love to continue my relationship with Jo and if it was possible I would like to also see Victoria. I fantasised about what it might be like to enjoy a threesome with Jo and Victoria. I then fell into a blissful sleep.

The next morning as I awoke I was feeling very contented about what had happened the previous evening and just lay there smiling. I hoped that Jo had no regrets about what happened between us. I then noticed the time, had a quick shower, got dressed and headed downstairs. 

Jo was at the kitchen table drinking coffee and eating toast as I walked in. She looked up at me with the most radiant smile I have ever seen. I just replied with a matching smile saying, "I think I might be falling in love with someone!"

"Me too!!" Jo replied.

After I had made coffee and toast, I joined Jo at the table. As the other housemates were still in bed and we had privacy, I reached across to cover Jo's hand with mine. As I stroked Jo's hand I said, "I really enjoyed last night and hope that we may share many more experiences together."

Jo responded, "I really hope so too, but we must keep this a secret between us to avoid any awkward situations with our other housemates!"

I agreed saying, "Yes, I want the same privacy and we will have to make it work somehow."

As the other housemates came down for breakfast, we all got ready to go off to University and left the house.

Later in the day, I received a text message from Victoria saying, "Kerry is away for the weekend, so I would love some company, if you and Jo wanted to come over."

I forwarded the text to Jo adding, "Sounds like fun and I am certainly up for anything wink wink!"

Jo replied, "Naughty girl!! Yes please, make the arrangements."

I texted Victoria. "Sounds great, both Jo and I are up for anything!"

"That was what i was hoping you would say. See you Saturday 6pm." Victoria responded.

*******

After Jo and I had agreed to spend the weekend with Victoria at her house, I decided that I needed to do some lingerie shopping, as my current underwear was functional and not very sexy at all. On one afternoon, when Jo and I had no University lesson times to attend we decided to go shopping in town.
