 It was late and the day had been filled with almost nothing. That's the beauty of having a job which gives you days off on end - you don't feel you have to DO something with each moment. You can get lost in the mundane. I'd spent most of my day flipping through back issues of Oprah magazine and drinking coffee to recover from my hangover. With several more jobless days ahead of me I felt satisfied with being boring and listless.

Michelle felt the same way. She'd been right in there with me, picking aimlessly at her guitar and brewing inordinate amounts of herbal tea. I'd spent nearly two hours just watching her. I'd noticed how her upper lip curled toward her pointed nose just slightly as if she was always hiding some secret. I saw the many hues of her white-blonde hair - the honeys, silvers, whites, and golds that created closely-cropped halo on her head. 

Our dinner came in styrofoam boxes. Hamburger and fried-food smells accompanied by beers left in the fridge from the party the night before. Why cook when you can walk across the street for take out? We devoured our meals in hungry silence in front of the TV, both watching and ignoring the episodes of the L-Word flashing in front of us.

When Denver came over we were still there, sitting on the futon with a single blanket draped over our legs. He'd come to apologize to Michelle for the night before. In a drunken stupor he'd told her he loved her. She sat and heard what he had to say and told him that she did not mind. She was flattered - just not into guys. He settled in with us to watch the TV, sitting on the floor in front of us and leaning on the futon by our crossed legs. 

The show was not riveting, but I felt akin to it anyhow. As a bisexual female I always felt the need to connect with lesbian culture. It was as if I had to make up for the fact that I liked men. As if loving women too was not good enough. As I pondered this deep thought Michelle shifted and her knee came to rest against mine.

Electricity.

She felt it too. I looked up to see her staring at me in a way I'd not experienced. Glancing at the back of Denver's head, she slid her hand along her thigh until it connected with my patella. My temperature raised and I responded by sliding my own hand out to touch hers. Our fingertips gently rubbed against one another as we turned our heads back to the TV screen.

After a few minutes I decided I wanted more. I leant slowly in her direction and slid my hand up her thigh, enjoying the warmth and smoothness of her sweatpants beneath my palm. She drew in a deep breath and inched closer to me, reaching for me with her heat and longing. Suddenly the sound of the TV show diminished in my ears and I could almost hear her pounding heart.

Her arm crossed mine and slid along my inner thigh. I saw stars as she came to rest on my warm pussy. Her palm vibrated gently and pressed into me without force. I kept my eyes on the TV and rocked my hips up to meet her. I felt her finger probing me and moving down to the bottom edge of my shorts. Her hand felt like silk as it edged under my shorts and she fingered where my panties cut into my leg.

I reminded myself to focus on her as well. Gently, I prodded at the waitsband of her sweatpants, pulling the elastic away from her taut stomach. Trying to look casual, I turned my hand and slid it down inside. She was not wearing panties. My heart began to race. I felt her soft down and gently stroked it. I wanted to jump on top of her right then, but with Denver there I had to contain myself.

Her fingers had pulled up on the elastic of my panties and were probing my swollen lips with the greatest of hunger. I wanted her to fuck me - to take her fist and enter me with passion and lust. I wanted her to make me scream and moan and buck against her wildly. I wanted her so much. I looked at her again and saw that her eyes were fixed on the TV screen with that gentle curve of her lips even more pronounced in a secret smile.

I moved closer to her and draped my leg over hers. Pressing downward, I ran my finger between the lips of her pussy, feeling her wetness. She shifted and I could smell her lust as warm air wafted up from under the blanket. Keeping an eye on the back of Denver's head, I leant over and kissed her lightly on the neck. She shivered and turned to me, her hazel eyes burning with lust. My own clit was throbbing to be touched, licked, sucked and brought to climax. I looked deeply into her eyes and tried to tell her what I wanted in the silence of the TV show.

She rose from the couch and padded off to her bedroom. Denver barely looked up from the lurid sex scene on the TV screen. I knew this was my chance to get what I wanted. I slid out from behind him and followed Michelle to the bedroom, shutting the door behind us.

Her lips were on mine before I even heard the latch. Hungry and warm, her tongue probed my mouth. She smelled and tasted like the summertime. I melted into her and submitted to her rough caresses, moaning. She stopped, pressed her finger to her lips in a warning gesture, and pulled her tank top up over her head. She wore no bra and her nipples were dark and hard against her pale skin. I drank her in, imagining for an instant what I was about to do.

Cupping one of her breasts I took the other into my mouth, feeling its supple smoothness and pointy nipple. I could hear her heart beating beneath my lips and I ran my hands down her sides, pressing off her sweatpants with one motion. I stood back then, admiring her in the waning light from the bedroom window. She seemed to glow.

She pulled me to her and down onto the bed, grappling at my t-shirt in an effort to get me as naked as she was. I pulled it off and she removed my bra with one hand, freeing my large breasts to sway in her face. She pressed them to her mouth and tounged between them. My body felt light as she rolled me over and laid naked on top of me. I could feel her hands again going up my shorts and rubbing my clit through my wet panties. I arched my back and let her bring me up, breathing into her ear as I felt my orgasm rip through my body.

Smiling, she slowly moved downward, pulling off my shorts with her teeth. I could feel her breath on my thighs, hot and moist. I sat up to meet her and found her lips again. We kissed for what seemed like hours, though I know it was only a few seconds. 

I spread my legs, pressing my pussy against hers. I felt our juices mingling with one another - smelled the musk. Clenching against her I slid my hand beneath one of my legs and entered her with two of my fingers. This time it was her turn to stifle a moan. I rubbed gently in and out, pressing upward and spreading my fingers slightly. Each time I pulled them outward I thrust my own pussy against hers. The effect was what I had hoped. Her back arched in silent exctasy, her golden head almost touching the bed as she leaned back. My lips found the hollow of her throat and lingered there while I felt her shudder.

Panting, we held one another while our hearts and breathing slowed. Then she pressed me back onto the bed, lowering her face between my thighs. I felt her tongue flicker over my clit and knew that she would make me come again. As she worked circles around my swollen bud I could feel her hand pressing against me, bidding me open as she slid several of her fingers inside. I relaxed into her rhythm and before I knew it, she had her whole fist inside of me, pumping inward and outward.

I pulled a pillow over my mouth to muffle my scream as I felt myself rising to climax. Suddenly I felt her twisting and moving and the pillow was whipped off me. I opened my mouth to welcome her sweet pussy over my face. She removed her fist but continued to eat me as I licked and sucked her brilliant, tight cunt. I could feel her shuddering and bucking against me and I clamped my hands over her hips to keep contact. She made me come twice more before we rolled over and she turned to face me again. Smiling, I knew I was spent, and judging from her face, she was as well.

We quickly found our clothes and I left the bedroom quietly. Denver was still there, watching the TV show as if nothing had happened. I washed my hands and face in the bathroom sink and spritzed myself with some body spray. He did not even look up when I took my place on the couch. A few minutes late Michelle joined us. Smiling her secret smile, she fixed her eyes on the TV and we melted back into our boring day as if nothing had happened.