 "Hey, Tally, you want anything from the cafe?" Claire asked.

"No thanks, I'm full."

As I said it, I could hear Rei snickering beside me. Panic swept over me, and I shot her a look that was intended to silence. Instead, incredulity was all she offered in return. True, it was a quiet, stifled laugh, and, true, it's not like anyone there had the slightest idea of what we were up to. Nobody would find out.

Still, that's the sort of thing you worry about when there's a butt plug jammed inside you.

So far, our little excursion to the local book store had gone off without a hitch. It was only a few of us meeting there today. There was Claire, cheerfully using her employee discount for us and being nice enough to meet here, even on her day off. I suppose the hippie chick in her was drawn to the smell of old books, even when not being explicitly paid to do so. Marie and her boyfrie-, no, her husband, Scott joined us as well, fresh from their honeymoon and looking annoyingly glowing for it. Then there was me, the formerly virginal, shy girl with the anal intruder and hard nipples barely concealed by her Amnesia: The Dark Descent t-shirt. I'd come a long way since my first foray into touching myself, and, if the activity's of Rei's "Date Day" thus far were any indication, I'd probably go even further.

Rei. Goddamn Rei.

It's not like she was actually having an effect on me with all of this domination-y, you-do-as-I-say stuff. It's not like I'd actually felt bad when I disobeyed her orders and touched myself a little bit when she told me not to. It's not like some unexpected thrill came over me when she spanked me earlier, and it's not as though I was still throbbing and wet from when she gave my pussy a little slap earlier.

It's not like I wanted sempai to notice me or anything.

"*Snrt!*" a small snort/laugh escaped. Great job laughing at your own jokes, Tally.

"So, what, you can laugh but I'm not allowed to?" Rei asked, raising an eyebrow at me.

"No! It's just...I just thought of something funny..." I whispered.

"Uh-huh," she replied, before turning to Marie and Scott. "So, you two. How was the honeymoon? I hear Portland is just the best."

The lovebirds managed to stop smiling and looking into each other's eyes for a second. "It was great!" Marie begain. "We ate at this great breakfast place called Stepping Stone Cafe, and went to Powell's Books, which was probably the most awesome book store ever." She looked up at Claire, who had just returned with a plate full of cookies and some steaming coffee cups. "No offense, Claire."

Claire just shrugged. "None taken. I don't own the joint or anything." She set the food and drinks down, and grabbed an additional chair from a nearby table. I had to scoot mine over in order to make room, which gave me a not-unpleasant reminder of the plug I was wearing.

Scott picked up the story thread. "Yeah, that was cool. Plus, we went down to the farmer's market. That was neat. I found this old video game store that was...well, it wasn't all that great to be honest. But still! That's pretty much it. Fun times!"

Rei piped up. "You were gone for a week. And that's, only, like, four things."

A grin spread across Marie's face. "Well, you know, we were in the hotel for a lot of our trip." Scott's face turned bright red and he suddenly became preoccupied with his coffee cup.

It wasn't too long ago that I would have joined him in the Scarlet Cheeks Lonely Hearts Club Band routine. Just the talk of sex, especially the thought of Marie and Scott doing it, would have sent me into fits of embarrassment. If I were an anime character, my nose would be bleeding. But, goddamn it, I hadn't managed to fully masturbate for a week, and Rei had gotten me all worked up. Now I couldn't get my mind off of the subject, even if I wanted to. Where a few months ago, I would have regarded the conversation with a succession of "Nope"s, now I couldn't get the image out of my head.

It was hard to picture, Marie having sex. She had been as shy and demure as me once, and we'd known each other for years. And Scott. Well, he was cute, I had to admit, but it wasn't like I'd actively though of him that way. I was thinking about it now. The image of him and Marie, naked and moaning together, just wouldn't leave my mind. Did they talk dirty to each other? It's hard to imagine Marie asking someone to fuck her. Did he take charge? In my mind now he was pushing her onto the bed and taking her from behind. It seemed out of character, given his mellow nature, but maybe he was different in bed. That's the stereotype, after all. Did she give him head? Probably. That's what people do, right? How did he taste? Do all guys taste the same? Did he go down on her? Now I felt myself starting to warm up a bit. I couldn't get it out of my mind. I pictured looking down, seeing his face, feeling his tongue start to slide along my lips...

I...meant her lips. Right.

Shit.

"Sounds like fun," I managed to say. "See any good movies?" I blurted out.

"Not really." Marie said. "Didn't really want to go the movies."

"Right, because you can do that at home. Duh!" I slapped myself in the forehead for effect. A little harder than I'd meant to. "Ow..."

Fortunately, the conversation moved on from there. Their stories of the long flight from Texas to Oregon didn't exactly set the libido on fire. Time passed, and the coffee cups got more and more empty. I tried to keep my mind on the subject, despite Rei occasionally running her fingers along my inner thigh when she thought nobody was looking. That didn't help, but I almost started to get used to that and the plug. It wasn't long before, we'd moved on to topics in which I felt familiar.

"Come on, you're crazy," I said to Claire. "It's Joss Fricking Whedon. How can you be 'worried' about Avengers 2."

"I'm not saying it's not going to be good!" she responded. "I'm just saying that Quicksilver was surprisingly awesome in Days of Future Past. It's going to be hard to top that version of the character."

"Was Quicksilver good?" I responded. "Or were we all just expecting him to suck because he looked like a member of the Burger King Kid's Club from the 90's. Even him being a little bit okay was a huge step up from expectations."

"Eh, you know what I think about Days of Future Past," Rei said. "Not. Enough. Gay."

"There's never enough gay for you," Marie joked.

"The scenes with Magneto and Xavier in Days of Future Past were, like, the best love story in a superhero movie. And there was hardly any of that in the new movie. Left me high and dry."

"Well, good for you."

Scott joined the conversation. "Plus, no Scarlet Witch in there. How can you have Quicksilver without the Scarlet Witch?"

I was about to respond, when I felt a vibration. Thanks to the glass plug, I couldn't help but feel it as it reverberated throughout my entire body. Pulling my phone from my pocket, I saw that it was a message from Rei. There were just two words:

"Bathroom. Now."

I looked up, from the phone and glanced around. Nobody else was paying attention to me, although I could swear I saw Rei checking my expression for a split second before returning to the conversation.

"Be right back," I said to the group, getting up out of my chair. My heart was pounding. Obviously, something was in the works. I made my way out o the cafe area and headed to the front of the store, where the bathrooms were located. Every step shifted the plug slightly, making me feel its weight and the sense of fullness coursing through me. It wasn't long before I'd reached the restrooms, looked for the "Women's" sign, and stepped inside.

It was empty. I let out a long sigh, followed by a slight chuckle. How many of my sexual encounters were going to take place in public bathrooms, anyway? I guess not everyone gets wine and rose petals.

There was another buzz from my phone.

"Get into a stall."

I did as told, ducking into the larger, handicapped stall. After quickly fumbling with the latch on the door behind me, I started pacing back and forth, my whole body exploding with anticipation. Should I...try to look sexy when she comes in here? I didn't dare touch myself. I knew the rules now, although I also trembled with lust at the thought of what would happen if I broke them. Still, she hadn't told me to do anything, and that was part of the deal for today. I was supposed to do what she says. Experiment with a girl, and with my sexuality, all under the guidance of someone with more experience. That was the whole point. If I didn't do that, then why even do it and OH MY GOD WHERE WAS SHE?

Just when I thought the waiting would kill me completely, I heard the door to the bathroom open. I froze in my tracks.

"Tally?" Rei's familiar voice said. I walked over to the stall door and unlatched it, opening it up. She turned and saw me, smiling. "There's my girl."

I felt my heart leap into my throat upon hearing her call me that. I was...hers? I guess. For right now. Or maybe for more? I had no idea. I backed away, and she entered the stall along with me, our bodies achingly close to touching. She latched the door behind her, and, before I could let out a word, she pounced on me.

Our lips met and then parted over and over again as we crashed into each other. In between kisses, I let out a breath it felt as though I had been holding for weeks. She ran her hands across my sides, up to my face, and, finally, I felt her fingers running through my hair. Our bodies pushed together even closer as I felt my back hit the wall, grabbing onto her as our tongues flicked back and forth across each other. I had been aching for this ever since our little stop on the side of the road, and I felt myself groaning with desire.

There was a sudden flash of cold as I felt her hands go under my shirt, tracing up my stomach. I felt a moment of self-consciousness, my body issues briefly surfacing above the ocean of sexual heat. Stupid insecurities. That thought didn't last long before I felt her hands grabbing onto my breasts. My top was pushed down roughly as our kisses broke off and I felt her lips running along the nape of my neck.

Rei began to whisper softly as she gave gentle pecks along my neck. "Is this what you wanted, Tally?"

"Y...yes..." I gasped. The slightest touch was sending shockwaves at this point.

"And did you like sitting out there? Just hanging out with our friends...none of them knowing that you had one of my toys inside you? Huh?"

"I liked it," I gasped, just wanting more than anything for her to touch me again. "God, I liked it."

In a way, I got my wish, as my nipples were suddenly pinched, hard. The pain and pleasure overwhelmed me as I let out a cry. Pain or not, I felt myself getting wetter at the touch, my panties starting to cling uncomfortably.

"You want to cum, don't you?" Rei asked.

She twisted again, and I almost succeeded at suppressing my squeal of pleasure. "Yes, Rei. Please, Rei. Let me cum. Please."

The air around me cooled as she broke away, stepping back from a moment. I was left leaning against the cool, tile wall, staring at her with desire as I tried to catch my breath. "Okay, then," she said. "If you want to cum, you just have to do one thing for me." She paused for dramatic effect.

"Stick your hand down my pants."

I raised an eyebrow at her. It wasn't a question of whether or not I'd be happy to do things for her. It's just that it was hard to see how sticking my hand down her pants was going to aid in my orgasm.

"Go ahead. Nothing's gonna bite you," Rei said with a smirk. "Stick your hand down my pants."

Nothing bad had come from trusting her so far. I stepped forward, unbuttoned the top button of her jeans, and started slipping my hand inside. I had expected to feel the lace fabric of underwear, or, possibly, a large patch of pubic hair. Rei had never been shy, and talked at length on previous occasions about her aversion to shaving her downstairs. Instead, my hand ended up hitting something I wasn't expecting. It was plastic, by the touch of it. Soft, yet thick, and...

"Is this..." I began, but, before the words could come out, Rei unzipped her pants and shimmied them the rest of the way down. As she stood back up, I could see it fully: a bright-red, strap-on dildo, secured to a harness she was wearing.

"I will admit, I was not expecting that," I said, amused.

"Nobody ever does," she replied, looking down with pride at her plastic cock. The joking tone didn't last long, though. Looking back up at me, she shifted back into a lusty glare. "Now, I think my little slut knows what to do with one of these."

I mean...there were a few options. It was sort of an unclear statement. Fortunately, my confusion didn't have a chance to break the mood.

"Come on, now. On your knees," Rei commanded.

"Oh!" I responded, before clumsily starting to kneel down on the cold, green tile floor. I was still aching to be touched, any thoughts of protestation drowned out by lust. Rei came closer, and I bent down a bit, our height difference putting me a bit above her crotch level. I gazed up at her, and, despite the slightly unflattering angle, the desire in her eyes set me to work. My hand reached out, grabbing onto the plastic shaft. My first instinct was to start off by stroking the jelly-like surface of the dildo, but that probably wouldn't have much of an effect.

"Get it wet for me," she whispered, confirming the purpose of the exercise. Keeping my eyes locked on hers, I began lowering my mouth down onto the plastic shaft. My lips engulfed the head, and I couldn't help but notice the unpleasant, plastic taste. Fortunately, that sensory experience stopped mattering as much once Rei began whispering to me.

"That's right, Tally. Lick my cock, you dirty girl. Get it ready for me to fuck you."

Emboldened, I did so, taking as much of it as I could down my throat before letting it slide back out. Given the reason for this fellatio, there was no embarrassment as I felt myself drooling onto the strap-on. I began slowly bobbing my head back and forth, running my tongue along the shaft with each motion. There was a pulling sensation as I felt Rei's fingers grip into my hair.

"We're never going to get it wet enough at this rate," Rei growled. "I know you can suck a cock better than that." She held my head firmly in place and began thrusting her hips, driving the dildo deeper into my mouth with each thrust. Gagging noises echoed against the metal walls of the stall as she began fucking my face. It was rough, savage, and I couldn't have loved it more. This is what I had wanted back at the coffee shop, and I felt myself getting wetter and wetter as Rei's cock continued forcing itself into my mouth. Between that and the ever-present pressure of the plug, I felt more brazen and wanton than I could have previously imagined. I was a slut. I was her slut.

"That's enough," she whispered, pulling back and yanking the toy out of my mouth. I felt a long strand of saliva drip down onto my chin and chest as I knelt there, gasping. She smiled as I stared up at her. "Stand up, and turn around."

No words escaped me. All I could think was to obey her commands. I got up, my knees popping as I did so. Once I was on my feet, I turned. My view of the toilet wasn't the most romantic vista, but I didn't care. I spread my legs, and began hiking up my skirt. When I'd gotten it up as far as it would go, I bent forward, pressing my hands against the wall. 

"Good girl," she whispered. "Now, we are in a public place, so try not to make too much noise."

I simply nodded. As fun as it was, the oral session was entirely unnecessary; my pussy was flush with wetness and arousal. My nerves started to kick into gear. This is it. This is the first time someone besides me is going to...well, penetrate me. I was practically tingling with excitement, doubly so as I felt Rei's hands on my hips.

A thought in the back of my mind suddenly broke to the surface of my attention. I turned to face her.

"When you made that joke about Transformers earlier, were you talking about wearing a strap-on."

She just gave me a wink. "More than meets the eye." Suddenly, she thrust forward.

"AaaAAAhhh!!" Being quiet was the least of my concerns as the soft, thick cock began filling me up. The head went in almost effortlessly, which was unsurprising given the quantity of my juices. I could feel my inner walls stretching as Rei began slowly pushing it further and further inside me. The feeling was absolutely incredible, and I could hear myself moaning softly, despite my best intentions. Not only did the dildo in my pussy feel incredible, but I could feel it putting pressure on the plug still stretching my tight ass. After a few moments, I felt Rei's hips meet mine. She stopped for a moment, letting me savor the feeling.

"Oh, wow," I managed to gasp. "That is...just...super incredible."

"Sweet," Rei said, before switching back into dom mode. "Who said you could talk?" 

*SMACK!*

"Aaah!" I cried out as my ass felt the sting of her slap. She placed her hands back on my hips and began withdrawing the dildo from my soaked passage, faster than she had gone with the initial insertion. It wasn't long before she began rhythmically fucking me, getting faster with each thrust. The bathroom echoed with the moist cacophony of her cock plunging into me repeatedly. All the while, the pressure was building inside me. Every time she plunged the dildo back in, every time I felt the plug shift with her movement, it all sent waves of pleasure coursing through me. My thoughts drifted completely away as the pleasure began to overwhelm me. I began pushing myself backward to meet her thrusts, tiny squeals of pleasure escaping me.

Rei was starting to pant as well, getting a bit of a workout from fucking me. "You want me to fuck you harder, slut?"

I attempted to turn to face her, but was distracted by a bolt of pleasure as her cock hit a particularly nice spot. "Yes, Rei," I managed to get out. "Please."

One of her hands left my hips and traveled upward, grasping firmly onto my hair. A sharp wave of wonderful pain hit as I felt my head yanked back. Rei started to speed up, thrusting the dildo into me even harder than before. Our skin was slapping together even louder now, and I could barely even compose myself long enough to let out a sound as she began fucking me harder and harder. 

*SMACK*

She spanked my ass again, with more force behind it. The sting rippled through my body, adding to the overwhelming sensation I was feeling. It was getting close now. I could feel the pleasure building up. 

*SMACK*

"Yes, Rei!" I gasped. She didn't seem to mind this time.

*SMACK*

"Yes!"

*SMACK*

"Right ther...AAAAAAAHHHH!!" My body froze and clenched up as my orgasm hit, my walls clenching down on the cock held tightly within them. I strained to keep the sound to a minimum, as Rei continued to fuck me, each thrust making my climax pulse with ecstasy.

"NNNNGGGH!!" I groaned, before letting out a deep sigh and slumping against the wall. 

"Ah...ah...Rei..."

"Yes?" she asked. "Did I do something? Can't imagine what."

As I turned around and sat down on the toilet, I let out a chuckle, giving her a play punch on the arm as I did so. "You know damn well what you did."

Without even receiving instruction to do so, I bent forward, taking the still-wet shaft into my mouth. I could taste my own juices on it as I sucked and licked the dildo thoroughly. After I was done, I looked up into Rei's eyes.

"Had to clean it off."

"I appreciate it," she replied, running her fingers through my hair. I sighed, deeply, my orgasm still washing over me.

"You can take the plug out now," Rei said.

"Will do," I said with a smile as I stood up, before starting to finish the statement. "...mis...tress...nope. Still weird." I reached back behind me and grabbed onto the base of the anal toy. Slowly, I began drawing it out of my ass.
