 There is a little bit more story line in this piece than the last, but I promise, if you are reading for story, there is some good sex in there too! Thanks for reading!

*****

Madeline stood in her bedroom staring at herself in the mirror. Was this outfit too much? It was only lunch with an old friend at a small diner. She had picked out the look the night before, and she never did that. She wore her favorite skinny jeans that made her butt look cute, new black V neck tee, and her flowy fall cardigan with some small heeled strappy boots. She chuckled at herself knowing that if things were still same as ever, she would out do her dear friend, who was more likely to show up in ripped jeans and a printed tee. Oh well, all her favorite outfits were suited for autumn weather and she liked to look pretty.

Maddie bit her lip when she bent over to strap her boot and her thong pulled tight in her ass crack, reminding her of its presence. Whenever she wore this thong she couldn't help but feel horny all day. It was so red and lacy and slutty. It was the only clean thong in her drawer and she couldn't stand for panty lines in her skin tight pants. "That's not true; you could have done laundry. You just secretly hope You'll bend over and Lynn will see and get turned on." Maddie quickly squashed that thought from her mind, shaking her head and trying to distract herself before her naughty consciousness could dampen her pussy. If only she hadn't clung to the comfort of her bed so long, she would have had time to pleasure herself to provide some relief from that dream last night... 

She had been standing in a dark basement with her wrists tied high above her head. She remembered being embarrassed at her own nakedness while a cold looking female sat in a lone old fashioned armchair staring, touching herself. She had not been able to look away from her dark intruding eyes, but then she woke up. "It was just a dream Mads, you can't help what you dream. Normal people don't have fantasies like that." She tried to brush it off and pretend she hadn't woken up soaked. 

Sure she'd had sex with Sara in high school, who happened to be good friends with Lynn, she didn't deny that she found girls attractive. However, it had been that awkward first time, just testing the waters type of sex. Ever since, she had only had boring, very vanilla sex with a few boyfriends. 

Throughout her most recent relationship, which had only just ended a week ago, she often tried to convince herself that it was perfectly normal to not be into sex with your guy. Lots of girls just do it because that is what you are naturally supposed to do and it pleases them right? Madeline did not want to be different or live any kind of life that might draw attention. She just wanted to move back home, start this nice job, find a caring man she could tolerate, and finally obtain her white picket fence.  

Maddie glanced at the clock. Shit, she had to run.

Across town, Lynn's morning started with a shower. She had woken up early to clean up in the comfort of her own home. After washing, she carefully shaved her pussy, then stood there relaxing to soak up the rest of the hot water and recover from the whiskey she drank last night. She was going to go see Maddie and pretend her night had been a boring night at home with her parents. She only hoped she wouldn't be teased for still living at home.

After drying, Lynn tried on all 3 of her favorite flannels before settling on one that her boobs looked extra big in and even brushed her hair for once. "What's wrong with me?" She thought, "I'm only going to catch up with an old friend. So what if she has only gotten hotter since graduating?" As Lynn was walking out the door, even her mom stopped her to comment.

"Aw you look so nice sweetie; what are you up to today? Oh, I hope you're seeing someone." Her mother said teasingly. 

Lynn rolled her eyes. "No Ma, just lunch with friends." She intentionally left "friends" plural. She didn't want to give her mom, who knew she was gay, any reason to think "friend" might mean date.

She realized when she arrived at the restaurant, she had rushed herself out in her anxiousness and was 15 minutes early. She got a table and cursed herself for leaving too soon as she sat thinking about the last time she saw Madeline. 

The sad thing was that one her most clear memories was of her friend's tiny shorts that showed off her muscular legs and round ass. The two had been drinking a lot at Maddie's going away party. The only other thing she would recall was that later on at that party, she accidentally saw Maddie kissing Sara in the kitchen and got inexplicably pissed and went immediately to bed in a guest room. She woke herself up early the next day to sneak out, leaving without a real good bye. Lynn had had a girlfriend at the time and of course, Madeline was free to smooch who she pleased anyway.

Lynn was relieved to look up and see Maddie at the door grinning and rushing over to embrace her. As she pulled her in tight, Lynn breathed in her friend's sweet aroma of honey scented shampoo and let out an unintentional sigh. When Maddie finally stepped back, Lynn missed the first few words of what she had to say as she took a moment to appreciate how enticing she looked. 

Who was she trying to impress? Damn, the way her soft curls fell over her shoulders was so pretty it led her eyes to the little bit of cleavage peeking out of the V in her shirt, the deep V which seemed to point right down to her crotch. Her eyes were traveling too far. "Damn Lynn, what are you thinking? You don't oogle at your best friend like this!" She scolded herself in her mind.

Hoping she could guess what might have been said, Lynn smiled and said, "I'm great, how are you?!" Maddie gave her a strange look.

"I asked if you had ordered yet...?" 

Lynn tried to chuckle and play it off. "Sorry, long night I guess."

"Guess so, geez." Maddie smiled and sat down. Lynn looked so cute. "I love the new shaggy hair cut. It really suits your low maintenance, I roll out of bed this hot look."

"But I really practically do roll out of bed like this. It's not a 'look'" Lynn replied laughing.

"I know, I'm jealous! I need at last 40 minutes of prep time" Madeline giggled back.

It was like their friendship never missed a beat. Lynn let out a deep breath of relief. Maddie hadn't hung on to their rocky departure. She probably had no idea what Lynn had seen. She realized now how much she had missed their conversations.

The two ate and chattered away. They discussed work, old times, Madeline's new apartment, the break up with the latest boyfriend ("You are never interested in any of these guys Mads, how do they not even notice you aren't into it?"), and how their families were doing. 

Eventually Maddie had to do a little prying about Lynn's love life. "Have you even been interested in anyone or you still sticking to your usual hump and dump measures?" Lynn laughed nervously.

"Oh, you know me, I don't like to be tied down." Lynn was hoping her discomfort on further discussing the situation would be noticed and her friend would move on to a new subject. She managed to dodge a bullet this time when Maddie said, 

"Gosh, I've had 4 refills, we should get going. I have tons to do anyway."

"You don't need to clean and unpack tonight. I'll help you tomorrow if you come stay with me. We can play video games like old times. Plus, I'm sure my mom would love to see you." Lynn coaxed her friend. Maddie only pondered the invite for a moment.

"That actually sounds great! I'll stop and grab some pajamas and be right over." As they got up, Lynn dropped one of the bills she was leaving for a tip, and Maddie politely bent down to grab it. Lynn's jaw almost dropped when she saw the little red triangle of lace poking out of Maddie's jeans at the small of her back. Her mind tried to run rampant in a rush of lust.

"Fuck, I just invited her over and I have to control myself all night now. Why would she wear panties like that when she is just out for lunch with me?" As she thought to herself, Lynn felt dizzy at the thought of not cumming all night. That tiny peek she got had sent immediate sensations to her pussy and she felt herself growing hotter.

Maddie arrived and after some cordial hugs and "How are yous?" with her friends mom, she ran off to Lynn's bedroom like when they were kids. They played a game on the old Playstation and talked and giggled for over an hour. Lynn lost more than one race due to trying not to stare at her friend's beautiful body. Did her boobs always bounce that delightfully when she laughed...?

After the conclusion of another race, Lynn was trying hard to play off her losing steak as just rusty game play. She could not take the tension in her own body any longer. "Mads, do you care if I shower quick?" She suddenly blurted out.

"Um, you aren't gross but you know I don't mind." Maddie found the outburst quite funny.

"Thanks, I'll only be a few minutes, I just feel dirty..." Lynn quickly grabbed her robe and scurried into her bathroom. 

She realized that she was awkwardly panting as she turned on the hot water. She did not even bother to wash a thing, choosing instead to grab the shower head off the wall and turn it to massage before moving to her pussy. The water felt amazing as it tantalized every nerve around her clit. Luckily she was a master of silently receiving pleasure. Lynn was soon leaning on the wall to steady herself as the little jets of warm water caused her to quickly reach orgasm. She then knelt on the tub floor for a moment to compose herself before drying off. How was a friend having this effect on her?

Meanwhile, Maddie was laying on Lynn's bed, not even bothering to try and focus on their game. Was she losing her mind or had Lynn been staring all day? Lynn was so pretty, but she was not into committed relationships. Why risk ruining a friendship for a shot at something that was unlikely to work? Maddie was hopelessly shy anyway. She could never ask her friend for sex or admit that her pussy got very wet every time she daydreamed of her...

When Lynn returned in a thin tank top and boxers, she caught Maddie off guard. "Are you okay? You looked spaced out?" Maddie tried not to blush as though she had been caught in a naughty thought. Her jaw dropped a little when she noticed Lynn's lack of a bra. Her nipples were poking sharply against her tank from leaving the steamy hot bathroom. 

"Oh yeah, sorry. It's just been a long day." Maddie swallowed hard while making a point to stare at her own feet.

"That's okay, I'll put in a movie and we can relax. We need to rest if you want to get some work done tomorrow." Lynn said reassuringly. Maddie gave a strange smile and Lynn threw in Harry Potter. 

"Good thing she is the type of person you have to hit on the head with a brick for her to realize you want them." Thought Maddie with a little sigh of relief.

Before they knew it, they had subconsciously wiggled close to each other and were snuggling under the blankets. Madeline curled her toes as she felt the perky nipples on Lynn's breasts pressing into her side. She began to think maybe this was one of those moments in life that she would look back on and have regrets forever if she did not do something. It took every bit of willpower she had, but she forced herself to make a bold move.

Lynn was paying no attention to the movie; she had seen them all several times. She only had thoughts of back in gym class, how gorgeous her friend was naked. The breath was completely taken from her lungs as she was pushed over to her back suddenly. Before she had a moment to process what was happening, Maddie had her hands on the sides of her face as she was pulled into a deep kiss. She was so excited from head to toe, she could not even think. All Lynn could manage was to wrap her arms around her dear friend's waist and kiss back. 

Neither of the pair had ever kissed anyone this passionately. It went on for what felt like hours. Sparks were flying through Maddie's body as her mind processed the way Lynn was reacting. She felt a prying tongue against her lips and slowly opened her mouth to make out. Their tongues battled, and they each had an increasingly hot and wet burning between their legs. Lynn was sure that her body must have caught fire. This was definitely the result of years of built up sexual tension.

There were no words; there didn't have to be. After years of friendship they already had a bond that resulted in reading body language like an open book. They both knew beyond a doubt that the other had been craving this moment for some time. There was a flurry of hands and clothes flew through the air. Maddie was dizzy as she felt Lynn's silky freshly shaven skin against her body. She was perfect in every way.

As Maddie's hands wandered and her nails traced every perfect curve before her, she paused for a moment with her fingertips grazing Lynn's waist to pull back and search her lover's eyes for approval. Lynn nodded her head and softly leaned back in to kiss some more. Maddie didn't wait a second more before her fingers were grazing smooth lips. There was cum all over! It was all too easy to slide her fingers in the folds and reach one finger into the opening. Maddie moaned softly at how soaked and amazing Lynn's pussy felt while Lynn moaned to finally be receiving some relief. 

Maddie slowly moved her finger in and out, swirling it around all the walls of Lynn's pussy. She was both teasing and listening for the little gasps and feeling the clenching around her finger that told her when she had discovered a favorite spot. She felt she continue exploring forever. Maddie could not recall ever enjoying someone else's body and pleasure like this. 

One finger was just too tortuous. "More..." Lynn managed to gasp. Lynn threw her head back and lay flat on the bed as she felt a second finger plunging deep inside her. The way her lover circled her fingertips against her G-spot with expert precision was driving her wild. Lynn did not remember the last time she had allowed someone to finger her without a demand or elicit permission, but as Maddie slowly took her to new heights, she was a perfect exception.

As Madeline worked her magic, the smell of Lynn's musky juices permeated the room, and she could not help but crave a taste. She was so positive that her lover would be delicious, she could not possibly make her orgasm without a lick. Lynn accidentally let out a small upset groan as Maddie pulled her fingers out of her hole, but it quickly turned into a sharp inhale as she realized where her face was headed. If her tongue was anything like her hand, she was in for quite a treat.

Of course, Maddie did not let her down. She used her tongue to spread apart her labia and work her way to flicking around her lover's entrance. She plunged in to lap up as much cum as possible before licking upward to spread the wetness all over her sweet spot. With Lynn's clit nice and slippery, Maddie pressed her tongue firmly into it and worked it in slow circles, gradually increasing her speed. She wondered how close she was, because she had never felt a pussy that was quite this wet. She felt it was important to share with Lynn how fantastic her juices tasted, so she pulled away to lay down and enjoy a few more kisses.

Lynn had had her fingers tangled in Madeline's hair when her mouth stopped doing whatever amazing things it had been doing. It went against all her usual instincts not to hold her head down and growl demands to continue. She threw every ounce of her dominant nature out the window to keep from ruining this perfect moment. She was just happy to finally be fucking the woman of her dreams. When her lover began kissing her she was reminded that she enjoyed her own pussy's flavor, and when she felt soft fingers against her clit she felt desperate enough to not even protest for her mouth instead, she had been so close to the brink when Maddie had stopped. 

As Maddie kissed, she rubbed Lynn's cum in circles all over her clit. The way her body trembled in her arms left little doubt as to how far from the edge her lover was. Lynn tangled her hands in Maddie's hair, pressing her lips onto her mouth hard and holding tight and her body seized up in her release. Maddie did not stop for a moment as Lynn continued to orgasm. She kept going as Lynn bit into her neck to keep from screaming, and did not stop until her body finally collapsed as she gasped for air.

A climax like that could not go unrewarded. With Lynn's level of experience, she only needed a moment to be right back at it again. She moved from her position snuggled into Maddie's arm to flat against the bed and reached down to pull at her lover's hips. Though shocked that Lynn was not more tired from her powerful orgasm, Maddie followed the coaxing to kneel upright on the bed. Lynn was truly beautiful with her cheeks this flushed.

"Come here." Lynn asked more than stated as she tugged Madeline's hips toward her face. Maddie blushed, but her lover's voice was so smooth and convincing that she continued crawling up until her pussy was just over Lynn's mouth. "That's it." Lynn encouraged, pulling her down by her ass cheeks so her mouth could make contact with the dripping cunt. She licked the shining liquid from her thighs and labia to tease some before making her way into the tight little hole.

Maddie's knees trembled as she felt the long tongue reaching up into her opening. She had never been licked from the inside, and had never realized what she was missing out on! When Lynn's tongue traveled to her clit, she had to cling to the headboard to keep from suffocating her lover. This was pure heaven.

Pleasuring Lynn had made Madeline so surprisingly desperate and in need of release. Giving had never been just as fun as receiving before. Her shaking was increasing as she became hopelessly aware of her body's need. Her shyness began to kick in as she realized she was nearing a point of no return. She knew she would likely squirt and could not fathom letting herself do so right down her friend's throat! What if Lynn thought squirting was gross? 

She looked down and watching Lynn's tongue flicking against her pussy, eating her like she relished every moment of it, was too incredibly sexy. Maddie realized her reservations did not matter. It was too late, in moments she was climaxing and her pussy was contracting wildly as a jet of her cum shot into her lover's wide open mouth. Instinctively, Maddie could not help but grind her clit into Lynn's tongue, riding it as she came. When she had let go of every last drop, her lover's face was completely drenched.

As soon as what happened began to sink in, Madeline blushed a deep red and quickly hopped off. Lynn chuckled a little before grabbing a cheek to make Maddie face her. "Don't be so bashful, you are incredibly sexy, my dear." Maddie beamed and curled up into her friend's arm. This was bliss. The pair drifted off to sleep without another word, for fear of ruining an amazing night.

Both of them slept with vividly sexy dream on their minds. Around 2 AM Maddie became vaguely aware of Lynn's lips against her mouth and, half asleep, they fingered each other. With dreams like theirs, it was not long before they were both reaching another orgasm. The same thing was on each of their minds: neither could ever get enough of the other again.

Lynn awoke to Maddie's tongue against her pussy and thought it was the perfect conclusion to what she had been dreaming. Maddie looked up with her big sexy eyes and when she realized Lynn was fully alert, she began repeating the previous night's technique. She wanted to be fair, so since she had cum all over Lynn's face, she was providing the same opportunity. As Lynn began to silently hope her lover would not stop like she had before, Maddie drove her closer and closer. Lynn was so relieved when she arched her back and let go. She did not squirt like Maddie could, but she did not disappoint. Madeline's face was still soaked and shining with her juices. 
