 Giggling, holding hands just so we won’t grope one another, we ran up the walk. Getting to the porch, I let go just long enough to grasp the keys and fumble with the lock. I double over with laughter as her hands close around my waist and I can feel her face buried in my hair, her laughter and perfume caressing my skin. The keys fall to the ground and we both reach for them. Still laughing, it becomes a mock tug-of-war until I sneak down and begin to nibble on her neck. She squealed, letting go of the keys. Somehow, I get the door open and then closed behind us. We collapse against the door, laughing, smiling, kissing, purring and sighing.

Our hands roaming, we relearn one another’s curves. I squeal with surprise and delight when my hands brush over and then trace her new nipple ring. She cooed again and again over my weight loss. Her lips are as sweet as ever, and tongue still as skilled. She breathed into my ear how luscious my neck still is, chiding me for staying away so long.

Sliding my hands under her shirt, she squirms with renewed giggles and I realize she is still ticklish. I slide the shirt off, over her head and then pulling her close as I remove the shirt from her arms. Our kisses change, become more fervent. Her hands crawl up my back, reaching for my bra. I pull away, stepping backward into the house. She rushes after me, trying to slide her skirt off, and finally pulling it off and throwing it at the chair. I pull my shirt off, letting it fall, nearly tripping on it. That sends us into peals of laughter, and then we shush each other, causing even more hilarity.

I kick my shoes off, one landing near the stereo, and the other on my desk chair. I hop backwards towards the bedroom, attempting to remove my socks. As I almost lose my balance, she rushes me, holding me upright and also nearly knocking me sideways. Both of us laughing uncontrollably, we fall against the hallway doorway, my back to the doorjamb and our breasts pressed tight against each other. I lower my head to the side, kissing her left breast, following her bra line. She moaned, arching against me, her hands sliding up my waist and over my bra. I slid my mouth down over the lacy frilly bra, tugging at her nipple ring with my teeth. She groaned and grabbed the waistband of my pants, pulling me away from the wall and then pushing me into my bedroom, and down onto the bed. 

Standing over me, we stare into each other’s eyes for a moment, studiously and carefully not touching one another. Her green eyes grew serious, and I knew my hazel eyes matched hers. We knew in that moment that one would never knowingly hurt the other. We knew that in our own ways, we loved each other more than any other, if for no other time and place then right now and right here. She reached down, slid my hair off my shoulders to fall down my back and kissed my forehead gently. We spent another long moment studying each other’s faces.

Breaking the reverie, I reached over and begin to unlace her boot, running my hand up and then down her leg as I pulled the leather away from her calf. I watched breathlessly as I slid the boot off. Her ankles have always been exquisite, and her calves heavenly. I pulled her sock off, giggling at the little moons and jersey cows that danced across them. She blushed and snatched the sock from me. I bring her foot up to my lips. Starting with her toes, I trace a path of light breathy kisses up to her knee, lowering her foot to the bed. I repeated the process with her other foot, treating it with as much reverence and care as the other as she played with my hair and caressed my neck. I set her other foot flat on the ground.

At this point, I was sitting on the bed, clad only in my bra, panties and pants. She is standing over me, one foot on the bed and her dark blue cotton bikini’s at eye level. I lean in, kissing her right inner thigh. I run my tongue up her thigh, relishing the taste of her skin. She tightened her hands in my hair, and gently guided my head exactly where she wanted it. Thrilled, I nudge in between her legs, kissing the soft cotton gently and then roughly, pulling at the material with my teeth. She reached down, began to take them off and I helped her slide them down over her hips and then the curve of her ass. Bare and exposed, she began to shiver just slightly. Smiling, I reached up and gently held it. Clean shaven, like my own, it was warm and wet. I caressed the outside, following the curve of her lips. I carefully slid in between them, seeking the hotter sweeter flesh deeper inside. I slid to the edge of the bed, pulling her close. My lips found her clitoris as first one finger and then the second slid inside of her. Her body convulsed, and I felt her hands tighten around my head, forcing me deeper. I sucked as hard as I dared, moving my fingers slowly and forcefully inside of her, reacquainting myself with the delicate flesh. Her taste was as intoxicating as any wine. I pulled my mouth away only long enough to see her head thrown back, face flushed.

I forced my fingers deeper, as far as they would go, and began to move them with new urgency. I wanted to get her off. I wanted to feel her orgasm in my mouth, I wanted to taste her. I leaned back in, licking furiously at her clit. Her hips began to buck and her moans grew louder. Feeling her legs tremble, fearing she would fall, I stopped. She laid down, reaching up to remove my bra. She took my breast into her mouth as I went back to fingering her. I leaned back up and turned to kiss her, pulling my breast away. I kissed her mock pout, whispering that I wanted to taste her again. 

Positioning myself between her legs, I buried my head in between her legs. My tongue traced her lips, both inside and out and then slid between them to lap at her nectar. She arched into me, moaning something about some deity. I sucked at her lips and then returned to her clitoris, alternately licking and sucking, pacing myself by her reaction. As her moans grew louder and faster, I pulled harder and faster. The moans turned into groans and her hips began to rock uncontrollably. Without warning and without changing my pace, I slid my fingers inside of her and began to finger her quickly and harshly. Sounding as if it was ripped out of her, she growled my name and her taste changed. I didn’t stop, knowing she was coming. I increased my pace as her back arched against me violently one last time, and a ragged scream/sigh escaped her lips. I continued to suck on her clit, hoping to make it last longer for her. As her body quieted and her breathing slowed, I slid my fingers out of her. I slowly licked her labia, lapping as a cat would at milk. She let out a long sigh and I pulled away, allowing her shaking to subside completely.

I rushed to the bathroom, swiped at my face with a washcloth, and rushed back to the bedroom. She lay on her back, legs turned sideways, one hand resting on her flat stomach, the other idly clutching her breast. I snuggled up next to her, burying my face in her sweaty hair. She whispered something about love, and I leaned over to kiss her. Partly to stop her words, but mostly because at that moment, she was the most beautiful creature in the world. Her short hair lay against the pillow in honey-colored waves, messy and sweaty. Her face was flushed, accentuating her green eyes and her lips were moist, trembling slightly. She rolled over, allowing me to spoon against her. She jumped slightly as the embroidery on my panties brushed against her ass. I wondered distractedly where my pants had gone and then I grinned, glad to have given pleasure such that she was so hypersensitive. I ran my nails down her side, laughing as she flinched and then giggled. I kissed her shoulder, and apologized. Pulling close, we lay together quietly.

After months apart, we ran into each other at the local karaoke bar, and it was all we could do to retain any sort of propriety as we nearly ran for the door and her car. Partly fearing what I would hear from coworkers Monday, but mostly not caring, I invited her to one of our tables while I finished my drink and kissed everyone good-bye. Grabbing my purse, I whispered a hurried explanation and apology to Misti who gave me her lovely suggestive grin and a thumbs-up sign.

I must have dozed slightly because I woke suddenly and fearfully. There was a warm body in the bed besides my own. Half a moment later, it all comes back to me and I remember why I have this luscious warmth pressed against me. I snuggled back down carefully, hoping not to disturb her. She rolled over and smiled. I apologized for waking her and she leaned in to kiss me, mostly to quiet me, I suspect. 

I accepted the silencing, content with the taste of her lips and then, after a moment, her tongue. Her hand came up to tangle into my hair, pulling me deeper into the kiss. My body seemed to echo her need, pressing closer, the warmth and softness of her skin both soothing and enticing me. She pulled her body away slightly without breaking the kiss and I felt her hand and then her arm between us. Her hand pressed against the already wet crotch of my panties, pushing up hard. I squirmed both away and then against the pressure, trapped between her hand on my head and her other hand against my hot pussy. Without giving me even the chance to gasp, she teased the crotch of my panties aside and quickly slid her first two fingers inside of me. Our kiss swallowed my groan of pleasure and shock as she penetrated me.  She moved her fingers, quickly and firmly, in and out of me. My body bucked against her, my moans coming harder and faster. 

I wanted, I didn’t know what I wanted. My mind was in chaos. Her kisses were stealing every breath, every sound and all I had left was the insistent sensation between my legs and the thundering in my ears. She moved her fingers even faster and her kisses became rougher. I screamed as the orgasm was ripped out of me, and she swallowed my scream, kissing me, pulling me tight against her, her arm between us, her hand finally still within me. I shuddered against her, suddenly cold. I pulled my lips away from hers and laid my head on her shoulder overcome with emotion. The world stopped spinning and I realized it was okay to breathe. My face pressed against her shoulder, I kissed her neck, her sweaty hair that tickled my nose and my eyelashes. I could feel her heart racing, an echo of my own. We were silent as we lay there, neither wanting to disturb the quiet that was only broken by our shallow breathing. Slowly, our bodies relaxed against one another, her hands never moving. Holding her close, my head on her shoulder, we slept.