 I waited as long as I could. 

The covers flew in a procession, off my body, on my body. Lying one minute on my side, then on my back, then on my stomach, burying my face in the hot pillows. My teeth gritted, I clutched at the sheets and waited. But, it was no use. 

With one quick motion, I threw my pajama clad legs over the bed and stood, arms covering around my tits, squeezing them into me, as a shiver worked up my body despite the heat in my core. I stepped forward, walking with soft steps to the bedroom door, opening it and stepping outside. Leaning against the doorway, I looked at her door down the hall, feeling her on the other side of it, burning into my skin like she was staring at me. 

Oh, why did I do this to myself? I walked quietly down the hall, pausing at her door, my fingers timidly reaching out for the cold handle, pushing my tits against the cool surface, followed by my lips. My hands were hot, sweaty, and slid on the doorknob. But, I twisted it quietly and opened it. 

I blinked for a moment or two and finally focused on the bed, on the lifeless form beneath the covers. Light from the streetlight outside had filtered through the sheer curtains and coated her. She was curled up in fetal position away from me. I saw the long strands of her dark hair against the pillow behind her. Her shoulder was uncovered, and I recognized the small strap of the pink cotton nightie she wore. 

Taking a deep breath, I stepped inside the room and gently pushed the door closed behind me. There was a soft click. There wasn't much movement from the bed, but I could see the tightening in her back. As usual, she pretended to still be asleep. But, I knew she expected me. Like every night. I came. Every night. Uninvited. Unwelcome. I came. 

I stepped to her bed, my blue eyes scorching through that back, that soft fair shoulder, that long silky black hair. Just being that close to her, my heart was pounding a loud beat in my ears, and a flash of heat worked up my body. I felt it everywhere. Between my thighs, between my breasts, in my mouth. I tasted her already. 

I pulled up the covers and slid inside, watching her shoulders tense even further, like always. I scooted up as close as I could without touching her, my nose resting close behind her hair, smelling the familiar scent of her shampoo. I raised two long slim fingers and traced the path of that strap on her shoulder, then slipped a fingertip beneath, stroking the warm skin now. 

I could tell from her body that her breath had quickened. I was learning to read every little nuance of response since she gave me so little. My finger swept down the length of the strap to where it met the rest in the back, and then I swept it back up and slid the string from her shoulder, leaning in and pressing my soft lips to that skin. My eyes closed as my lips felt her warmth and my body coiled up tight with anxiety. 

I opened my eyes to half look at the side of her face as I let my tongue sweep out over the warm silky skin of her shoulder. Of course, her eyes remained closed, but I saw her wet her beautiful soft lips. She had never let me kiss them. But, she let me kiss most other spots. I let out a murmur as I planted a soft trail of kisses up her shoulder to the side of her neck. I swept her hair away from her ear and softly kissed the tender lobe. 

She stirred and shifted. My eyes gazed down the front of her, over the prominent beautiful collarbone to the soft swell of her breasts beneath the thin fabric. Her nipples were just poking up at the thin pink material. I ran the tip of my tongue along her outer ear as my hand slid in over her waist. 

She raised her arm a little to let my hand pass. Those little movements, as cruel as they were, encouraged me. My fingers slid up the bunched fabric around her waist, up her ribcage, and slid over one of those breasts. I felt her move again, back against me. My knee just arched up, aching to throw it across her, to put pressure between my thighs and up against the heat inside my pajamas. But, the last time I did that, she made me leave the bed. 

I leaned back, letting her turn onto her back. The bright green eyes slid over me for a moment before she turned her head. My heart cringed inside. She didn't like to look at me when I touched her. I pulled the fabric down from her breast, letting it catch just beneath it. Her nipple hardened in the air. I lowered my head, my long brown tresses falling against her skin and around my face as I flicked my tongue against that bud, closing my lips over it, warming it inside my hot mouth and suckled softly. 

She moaned quietly and let her arm fall over my shoulders. I jerked a little, always surprised when she let herself touch me. I pulled at the nipple in my mouth, tugging it up and away from her body, nostrils starting to flare as I struggled to breathe with that arm burning fire into my skin. 

I bit into the nipple and groaned as her fingernails dug into my shoulder around the tank top strap. She pushed at me. But, down, not up and away. I flicked a glance at her and she was looking at me again. 

"I told you not to come back in here," she said quietly. 

My blue eyes flashed at her, waiting, dragging my cheek along the breast beneath me. Then she shifted her knee next to me and spread her thighs. I pulled back and let her open for me, my nose taking in the deep rich scent of her puss. I slid my fingers tentatively up her thighs beneath that nightie and pushed it up her abdomen. 

She did not have panties on. My eyes flashed up at her again, but she was looking away now, just waiting for me to do it. I pushed at the inside of her thighs, opening her up, the scent making me half drunk as I leaned in and licked a trail along her inner thigh. My tongue swathed at her seam and took one of the lips into my mouth. 

I pulled it, sucking at the slick oil along it, pulling the rich musky flavor down my throat. I dragged my tongue up her length before pushing the lips widely apart with my fingers, spreading apart the folds around her bud. My tongue tip fluttered against it, teasing her. She groaned, her knees going up beside me and put her hands on my head, pushing. 

Groaning, she wouldn't let me tease. I wrapped my lips around the clit, swishing my tongue back and forth inside and started to suck, pushing my chin down into her slick cunt. She hissed and raised her hips up to meet me and I slid my fingers underneath her, cupping the soft globes of her ass. 

I swirled my head in a circular motion, suckling and pulling the clit with me as I pulled it around and around, feeling her juices spread over my chin, my fingertips kneading into her ass, working along inside her crack, teasing along the soft sensitive ridges between her cheeks. I moaned and murmured as I pulled the rich familiar flavor of HER deep into my throat. 

She pulled her knees up towards her chest and my heart fluttered. I looked up at her, but of course, she was looking away, ashamed as usual. I pulled off her clit and quickly put a thumb there to circle while my tongue slithered down to the tight dark hole beneath her puss. 

She groaned loudly, more loudly than usual and my eyes flicked up to see her shove her face in the pillow. Moaning softly, I pushed and poked my tongue at the tight pucker while my thumb circled and rolled her clit, applying more pressure when I wedged my tongue into that tight hole. 

She thrashed and yanked at the sheets next to her, my mouth struggling to keep up with the bucking ass beneath it. I slipped my thumb down into her juices again and back to her clit, rubbing furiously now as I tongued her ass, pulling my lips back and forcing it as deep as I could wedge. Saliva pooled in my mouth and over my chin. 

I felt her fingers in my hair, holding, then gripping, and yanking the fuck out of it. My scalp burned as I burrowed in deeper, knowing she was close. And she did cry out suddenly, her feet slamming down onto my shoulders as she lurched up into her orgasm. I held my thumb firm on her clit, pressing in tightly as my mouth just covered those luscious cuntlips and sucked the cream oozing from her. 

She shuddered, yanking my hair a few more times, and then stilled. I pulled my finger away and languidly ran my tongue along every fold, giving her lips little sucking kisses, cleaning her. 

But, then she pulled her knees together and turned away from me. I rose up and rested on my haunches, staring at her, my chest heaving. The smell of her strong on my panting breath, the taste still rich on my tongue, lips. 

"Janelle, you don't have to be ashamed," I whispered. "No one ever has to know about us. Just... just look at me." 

But, she wouldn't. 

"Just leave," she said with a stony voice. 

I waited a few more moments, and slid from her bed again, returning to my room and falling onto the bed. My hand slid quickly into the pajama bottoms and panties over the soaked lips inside and softly stroked myself, thinking of her fingers touching me. 

She did touch me this time. Mmmmm.....