 My name is Lisa. Stupid way to start out a story, isn't it? Oh well, this is hard for me. So bear with me. I come from a typical family, I have a typical job, I have had typical boyfriends, and whatever other uses of the word typical there are, they apply to me. Your average girl.

I'm 5'7, one hundred-low-thirty-something-pounds, and, because I know most of you are men, my 'rack' as you would call it is a modest 34B. They are small, but I have gotten over my teenage embarrassment and now I worry about other things, mostly. I have strawberry blond hair with brighter highlights, and it's a little past my shoulders. I have large brown eyes, and with the right lipstick, full and luscious red lips. Without the lipstick is another story. I think I'm getting off track here.

I rent a small one bedroom condo from a friend of the family, I live alone, and I'm not currently seeing anyone. I got a degree from community college and then dropped out of a state university. I work in an office environment doing customer satisfaction surveys. Sounds stupid, but it pays well, and I like the people I work with. 

Ok, I promise I'll stop going on about myself soon. I'll go on about Donna for a minute.

She is hard to explain. We knew each other in High School, became friends in college, and now see each other once a month or so. We're good friends, without being best friends. I had a shortage of female friends at one point, and I grew very close to her, but then things got weird, and we drifted apart. I'll tell you why in a minute, but recently we have been seeing more of each other. It's a complicated relationship, which I can't properly explain, because of a series of three situations. 

First situation. In college, we went to a party together. We got dared to French kiss for a few minutes. We did. No big deal right? I had to convince myself of that afterwards. I am almost positive I am not a lesbian, I don't find girls attractive in the way I find guys attractive, but on some level, I enjoyed the taboo aspect of bisexuality, if only through kissing.

Second situation. It was several months later, we got drunk at my apartment. We laughed and acted stupid, drunk girls falling all over each other, nothing THAT abnormal. We didn't kiss, we talked a lot about sex, but it was all heterosexual experiences and fantasies. She told me she had been in a threesome before, and I told her about my more standard sexual experiences. We had a good time, no big deal. She fell asleep when we started watching a movie, and I put a blanket on her. I went to bed, but left the door open, in case she woke up and needed something in the night. 

I woke up with her arm around me. My head hurt and I had to pee, so I got up quickly and hurried into the bathroom. As I got up, I adjusted my panties, and realized my shirt was open. Now, I truly don't know what happened, but the shirt I sleep in is silk buttoned night shirt, and I always sleep with at least three or four of the buttons fastened. So my shirt was undone, and Donna had crawled in bed with me at some point. My head hurt and I just crawled back into bed, and went back to sleep. When I woke up a few hours later, Donna was up and about. I didn't say anything about my shirt, but after she left, I thought a lot about it.

I didn't just think about it, I began to obsess about it. I tried to remember anything, but it was completely blank from the time I went to bed and woke up, I didn't remember her crawling in the bed, nothing. I called her a couple of days later, with a rehearsed joke about the situation. It was like "you must have been so drunk that when you climbed into the bed you started fondling anything that was warm" NOT those exact words, because what I said didn't sound stupid, but I don't remember exactly what I said, it was something along those lines. She replied "you probably wish I did!" and then I said yes, but I was joking, I swear under all that is holy I only meant it as a joke.

Third Situation. It was two weeks after that incident, I had convinced myself that it was all in my head, she hadn't touched me when I was asleep, she was still a good friend and everything was all right. She called me wanting to go to a movie. I said sure, we got coffee before hand, and then went into the theatre. In the middle of the movie, I felt her hand move and touch mine, so I looked over at her. She leaned in and kissed me, and I was too shocked to do anything. I kind of kissed her back, and her hand went down to my leg and I jumped back. I got up and whispered that I had forgotten I had a family obligation the next day and I walked out. We didn't talk for three weeks.

So that's how our relationship turned weird. That was the background. What I wanted to write about was the night we spent together recently. You see, I couldn't get this fantasy of her touching me when I was asleep out of my head. I have sexual fantasies, everyone does, but this was something new and scary. Before I knew it, after three weeks I broke down, called her, asked if she wanted to spend the night and get drunk again. I said work was going bad, and I just needed a night away. She agreed somewhat reluctantly.

She was going to come over at around nine. At seven I went to the supermarket and bought supplies, beer, wine, and some mixing supplies. When I got home, I took a long shower, shaving all the proper parts. I made sure to trim certain regions below the waist, so that I could feel sexy should anything happen. I got dressed in casual attire. Tight jeans, modest t-shirt. I tied my hair back in a ponytail, and straightened up my whole apartment. I was sitting around watching television when she called.

I walked down to the gate to let her in. She was dressed similar to me, jeans and a halter top, covered by a cute jacket. We hugged, and I led the way back to my apartment. I hung her coat up we went to the kitchen to peruse the selections. We decided on red wine, and I poured two glasses, and took the bottle back with us to the couch. After a few minutes of comfortable silence she dove right into the heart of the matter.

"Lisa, I know this is weird, and we should talk about it," she said casually, "I keep getting mixed signals from you." I wanted to deny it, and I knew my face was red.

"Oh, well, I don't know. I'm not really sure about it," I said nervously.

"Do you like girls at all?" Donna asked with a small smile.

"I think that's what I'm not sure about," I said, not looking at her.

"Okay, as long as I wasn't totally wrong," she said with that same smile. She then giggled, "You look so scared, relax! I'm not going to jump you or anything." I laughed dutifully with her, although I was still scared.

The conversation went neutral for a while. We drank the bottle of red wine. I'm kind of rushing these parts, because we had another fun night, it only got interesting for you guys later, after another bottle of red wine. So after several hours of talking, watching television, and just spending time together, we decided to watch a movie. We put in Sixteen Candles, because it just doesn't get old.

I got up and got the second bottle of red wine, and brought it back to the couch. Donna got up and retrieved a blanket from my bedroom. I sat down on the couch, red wine in hand and watched Donna sit back down. She sat up on the far side of the couch, spread the blanket over her legs, and then opened one side of it. 

"Come on, bring the wine over and I'll let you share the blanket," she said.

I just grinned and crawled over. Almost as a joke, I leaned heavily against her. I was planning on moving, but she just tossed the blanket over me, and I handed her the bottle of wine. She had the corkscrew, opened it, and took a drink straight from the bottle. She handed it back, and not wanting to be rude, I put the bottle to my lips as well. 

"This way is fun, I just hope you don't mind my cooties," I said jokingly and handed the bottle back.

In response, she took the bottle and licked the top of it. I stared at her in shock. She handed it back and raised her eyebrows at me.

I wasn't sure what she wanted me to do, or if she was just waiting for a reaction. I just took a drink, smiled, and handed it back to her.

I looked at the screen, and saw that the movie was playing, all that pre-movie preview/federal warning crap was done, so I turned up the movie. As we got comfortable, I realized how heavily I was leaning on her.

"Do you want me to move?" I asked.

"No, you're fine, let me just move my arm," she said quietly, and she lifted her left arm up and put in on the back of the couch. I leaned back down and to my surprise she put her arm down, and on top of mine. I was under the blanket, and the arm was over the blanket, so I didn't panic. It felt really good, just that small physical touching. I sighed contentedly and leaned my head down against her shoulder. I guess it was cuddling? I don't know, it wasn't sexual. It was just really nice.

We watched the movie in relative silence. It was about midnight, and it had gotten colder. I suspect we were both feeling the wine, well, I know I was. It was about halfway through the movie, the wine sat on the table, the bottle mostly gone. I was getting uncomfortable in my position, so I sat up slightly, and instead of just leaning, I grabbed a thin couch pillow and put it on her lap. She made no protest, only smiled slightly, invitingly. I stretched out a little more, and lay my head in her lap. We adjusted the blanket and I sighed again in contentment. After a few minutes, she cleared her throat softly. 

"My hand is cold," she said, indicating the arm that was casually draped on top of the blanket, on top of me.

"Here, just put it in the blanket," I said cheerfully. She slipped her hand under the blanket and I felt it touch my arm.

"Ow, that is cold!" I said quickly. Her hand was freezing, arm included. I took the hand in both of mine, and began rubbing it. 

After a few minutes her hand had warmed up, and then I didn't know what to do with it. I don't think she did either, because she let it just limply stay in my hands. I decided it didn't matter, and I just hugged her arm against me, her hand came down against the top of my stomach, just below my breasts. I held it there against me, and she seemed okay with that.

Another few minutes went by with both of us just watching the movie, when I felt her hand move slightly. It felt so soft, and so light, that I wasn't sure if I was just imagining it at first. She was almost slightly scratching my stomach, not hard, just pulling her nails up and slightly against my shirt. It tickled slightly, but it felt good, and I didn't think anything of it. 

I was feeling tired, warm, and really good about being with her. I let my eyes close, and I brought one of my hands up to gently touch her forearm. I gently traced her forearm with my hand, the way she was gently touching my stomach. 

"That feels nice," I whispered to her, and then I moved my hand away. I lay still, letting my body focus on the contact.

Sufficiently encouraged, she became a little more daring. Her hand now brushed softly against my upper stomach obviously. After a few minutes of this, I felt her hand start reaching up a little. I felt her thumb lightly trace against the underside of my right breast. I almost made a sound, but I remained silent. I lay frozen, anticipating her touch, unsure of what to do or say.

She was extremely patient. Her hands would move across my stomach, and then through my bra, gently massaging the underside of my breast, then move back down to my stomach. I felt myself longing for her to move faster, touch harder, but I wouldn't say anything to break the spell to save my life. Unfortunately, the movie ended, and I was forced to act. I opened my eyes, her hand moved away from my stomach, and out of the blanket.

"Do you want to watch another movie?" I asked, with my voice only a little higher than normal.

"If you want to," she smiled at me, one hand indicating it was all up to me.

"I like to just close my eyes and listen, you're the one who is still watching it, I want to play what you want to watch," I said kind of helplessly.

"I'll just flip around on television, just come back and lay down," she said.

"Ok, stay right there," I said quickly.

I walked quickly into my bedroom and half closed the door. I unbuttoned my jeans, and slipped out of them. I pulled off my t-shirt and unsnapped my bra. I tossed the clothes I had taken off into my closet and walked around the bed to get my nightshirt when I heard the door open.

"Lisa-" Donna said and stopped, staring at me.

I was facing her, standing only in my panties. I blushed crimson as she looked down my body, rather openly.

"I was just going to put my nightshirt on, my bra was bugging me," I said, still incredibly embarrassed, as she continued to look at me.

"Oh okay, I thought you might be, I don't know, I'll go wait in the living room," Donna said as she lifted her eyes back to my face, and gave me a small smile.

"I'll be right out," I said.

When she left, I quickly found the nightshirt and pulled it on. I started to button it up, and decided to be bold, so I left them all undone except for one. I looked down at my panties and felt mortified. There was a small wet area. I must have been more excited than I thought. I pulled out a replacement pair, slipped into them in a second, and then walked back out to the living room. 

My legs were freezing, and I headed straight for the blanket, where Donna was waiting. I looked up to her face, and she was smiling at me.

"Come on, get it, you must be cold," she said softly.

I climbed in quickly, and wrapped the blanket tight around myself. Donna adjusted the pillow on her lap, and I lay down gratefully. She had found something on television to watch, I couldn't tell, because as soon as I was settled I closed my eyes again.

I felt one of her hands reach up to my face, and gently brush the hair away from my eyes. Her hand continued to softly stroke my hair, and I murmured something happily. 

She turned down the volume on the television, to almost nothing. I could hear noises coming from it, but I couldn't make out what they were saying. I turned to look up at her.

"You can watch whatever you want, if you don't want me to fall asleep on you just kick me off, I won't mind at all," I said earnestly.

"You're fine, don't worry," she said, and her hand brushed my hair again.

I smiled up at her and opened the blanket slightly again. Her hand came down to rest on my stomach, and I rolled towards the television, holding her hand tight against my stomach.

She turned up the volume slightly, so she could hear it, and I closed my eyes. I felt her hand begin the same slow motions as before. She started to gently caress the upper region of my stomach, over my nightshirt. 

I felt a fluttering in my stomach, a nervous release of sorts. It was a level of excitement that was almost foreign to me. I kept my eyes closed, and I kept my breathing steady. Certain parts of my anatomy were responding a little too enthusiastically to her touch. I envisioned kissing her, and letting her hands roam over my body. It made the sensation entirely worse, or better, depending on your viewpoint.

She wasn't rushing, but she was moving in one direction steadily. After a few minutes of over the shirt caressing, I felt her hand slip inside of my shirt. She still had not reached upwards, towards my now obviously excited chest, but continued a slow and delicate exploration of my stomach. 

To feel her fingers and nails lightly running against my bare skin was so erotic. Her touch was a hundred times more intense than what I was used to. Her hand moved slightly south, and I felt her middle finger delicately trace my belly button. When her hand began to move up, I felt my breath stutter. I continued to breathe normally, and I hoped she hadn't heard the slight pant.

As her hand moved up my stomach, she encountered the one button I had fastened. I wondered what she would do, and then she had done it. Without disturbing my shirt, her fingers and just slipped in one quick motion, and my shirt was now unbuttoned. Her hand moving up didn't even slow down. 

As she finally made it into my chest region, she avoided my breasts. Her finger traced gently between then, not lingering on either one, merely running those damn nails delicately across my skin. I kept my eyes tightly closed, and waited.

After a minute of exploration, her hand settled down. Her fingers came to rest on my upper ribs, and her thumb now extended onto my breast. Her thumb traced the underside of it, and then her other fingers came up to cup it. She didn't squeeze, as my other experiences had entitled me to expect, but she merely held her fingers on the skin. After a frozen minute of anticipation, one finger reached across and gently traced its way inward.

I felt the finger gently brush my nipple, and I gasped. I kept my eyes closed, and bit my tongue to keep from doing it again. She kept her other fingers gently holding my breast, and began circling my nipple with one finger. Every time she would touch my nipple, her touch would be gentle and quick. 

I was nearing the brink. As pathetic as that sounds, her touch felt so amazing that I felt like I could orgasm with that alone. I must have been breathing heavier than normal, because she moved her hand away from my breast for a second, returning it to my stomach. She left her hand in place on my stomach, and I sat as still as stone, wishing that she would continue.

After a few minutes had passed, my desire to climax had ebbed, and I felt in control enough to open my eyes and talk to her. I shifted slightly and turned my face upwards instead of towards the television. After another minute of steady breathing, I opened my eyes to look up into her face.

She was looking down at me smiling. I smiled back at her, a moment of panic crossing my mind. Should I admit how I felt? Should I pretend to have been asleep? What did she think of me? I felt trapped and scared, even though I had just felt so good. Fortunately, she didn't give me a chance to dig myself in a hole, either way I responded.

She bent down, and brought her right hand behind my neck. She lifted my head slightly up and laid her lips upon mine. I was startled and excited, and I eagerly kissed her back. She pulled slightly away from me as soon I had started returning the kiss. She toyed with me, she brought her lips back down to mine, and kissed only my lower lip, sucking it into her mouth. She released it, and then kissed my upper lip. Her tongue gently dabbing against the lip. With her hand gripping my neck she tilted me face slightly away from her, and her lips bent down farther to kiss my neck. 

I sat frozen, she had tapped into that fantasy of mine. Whenever I tried to return the kiss, she would pull back, and move to kissing a different area of my face. I limply let her hold my head up, and even when she kissed me on the mouth, I tried hard not to respond. Her tongue would caress my lips, and cause me to arch in pleasure, and then she would withdraw, and lean farther down, to suck on my earlobes, or just kiss my neck.

I was once again breathing heavily, it was the most intense make out session I have ever had, or probably will ever have. As quickly as it had begun, it was over, and she had pulled back, and was looking down at me.

"Lisa, is this what you want?" Donna whispered softly.

"Yes," I whispered back, "Please don't stop." I couldn't help it, anything that made me feel that good. 

"What do you want me to do?" she whispered, as she leaned closer. Her hand moved back down to my shirt, and she slipped one hand inside. Her hand now immediately found my nipple, and for the first time, she pinched it, hard, and caused me to whimper in pleasure and pain.
