 Seeing Jan's car in the drive made me start to sprint the last legs of my run toward the house. I hadn't seen her in days. She had somehow managed to avoid my every coming and going -- leaving early for work and not coming home until I had fallen asleep. I had gotten off work early today, so I am sure that will surprise her. 

Leaning against the front door, I softly let the key click in the doorway and slid it open. Pushing sweaty strands of hair back into my ponytail, I leant over to wriggle my sneakers off and tip-toed down the hall. The cool air of the house made a steamy heat rise from my body as my heart rate returned to normal. 

Her door was slightly ajar and I heard the low sound of music from her radio. No matter how I craned my head, I couldn't see much more than her bay window through the crack. 

Pushing my nose to the opening, I peered further, giving the door a soft push to widen the gap. My hand flew up to my mouth to cover the gasp that came from it, eyes wide. Jan lay on her bed with her knees up and spread wide. Her t-shirt was pushed up over one bare breast, crushed in her palm. My eyes were darting back and forth from that to the bright pink vibe she held in the other hand, sliding along the lips of her pussy. 

I bit my finger as I whimpered softly. Her eyes were closed, rapt. Her hips kept rising from the bed in the soft sway and circle dance as she lured the vibe to all her sweet spots. She moaned. I watched as her hand left her breast and reached down to part her pussy lips so the vibe could rub directly on her clit. Her shoulders came up as she grimaced at the intense feeling. 

That's when her eyes lighted on me. Her legs clamped closed. Her face turned scarlet and she screamed at me -- "Get out!!!" 

I pushed the door open further and brazenly stepped into the room. 

Her face, contorted, looked like it was close to tears as I ducked to dodge the vibe that hit the door frame beside me. I looked down at it. The motor was still humming. It glistened with her wet. 

I leaned down and picked the vibe up, twisting it off, and raised it to my nose. My eyes looked at her as I inhaled sharply. 

"Why can't you leave me alone?" she sputtered. 

"Because you don't want me to," I said softly before sliding my tongue along one side of the sticky vibe. 

She blushed even further. "That's not true," she said. 

I slid the vibe end inside my mouth and pushed it as far as I could, sucking the taste of her. God, how I loved the taste of her pussy. I groaned softly. 

Her head tilted to the side, staring at me. "What is it about my cunt you like so much, you fuckin' lezbo??" she sneered. 

I laughed heartily. "You sound like one of your dickhead boyfriends now." My eyes raked over her as she still reclined on the bed on her elbows. Her knees were pressed together, but she hadn't made an effort to cover up. I could see the teasing peek of her pussy behind her ankles. "Spread your legs," I whispered. 

"No."

"Want me to come do it myself?" I asked, blue eyes holding her shimmering green orbs. She didn't budge or speak. I slowly crawled up onto the bed on my knees. As I got closer to her, I could SMELL her. She had really worked herself up good. 

Looking up her body at her face, I slid the vibe back on a low speed and started to trail it up and down her legs to her ankles. Her legs squirmed and tilted from one side to the other, but the knees remained locked. Fine, I thought. Quickly, I grabbed the side of her knees and threw them to one side, rushing to climb atop her as she landed on her stomach. She thrashed as my legs straddled her waist, looking down over her bucking ass. 

"Get off me!" she seethed. 

Hell no, I wasn't going anywhere, I thought, as I watched her ass rise and fall on the bed, my knees remaining locked at her side as I held her down with my weight. 

Placing the vibe on the bed beside me for a moment, I reached forward and grasped an ass cheek in each hand, squeezing and kneading. She wriggled harder, from side to side. My hands remained in place, clutching, and starting to tug her open, fascinated at her tight lil hole pulsing at her efforts. I reached in with a fingertip, tickling at the rosebud. 

It was like a switch, making her whole body just still and tense beneath me. Her cheeks drew in, crushing my finger as her little round tush dimpled. I grinned, wiggling my finger buried in her cheeks. 

She groaned. Every little move of her ass just heightened the feeling of my fingertip along her pucker. Eventually, she stopped and just lay still, relaxed, whimpering. 

"I don't know why you keep fighting me so much," I said, languidly running my fingertip along the warm ridges around her tight hole, occasionally flicking my fingernail directly over it just to see her jump. 

Quiet. I nodded. This was the next step. So predictable. And so fucking wet too, I realized, when my fingertip slid below her asshole. She murmured despite herself. 

I grabbed the vibe again. The surface had cooled. I ran the smooth edge up and down between her inner thighs, letting it slide in the slick along her pussy lips and up over her asshole. Her thighs widened. I leaned over her a little, letting my hair fall against the back of her thigh and helped the head of the vibe find the opening to her pussy and slide in. 

My eyes fluttered in pleasure as I heard the smack of wet. I slowly stroked the end of the toy in and out of her pussy, my thumb twisting the vibration on. She groaned and her ass rose a little towards my face. I kissed a raised cheek as I twisted the vibe inside her and let it pump deeper. Her knees were clawing up the mattress to raise herself so she could widen further. I let her and quickly found my fingers on the very end of the toy, being met by wet, juicy kisses as they met her pussy. 

Her ass rose and fell as she responded to the toy. I twisted the power higher, pumping her pussy harder. My mouth remained on her ass -- kissing, sucking, and biting at her cheeks. My free hand slid around beneath her, over her stomach, mound, and finding her button. She cried out. 

My tongue drizzled over to the cleft of her ass crack, tickling as my finger strummed her clit and my other hand pumped and twisted the raging toy inside her. I could feel my hand starting to numb slightly from the vibration, my fingers start to just slide inside her pussy as the whole toy went inside. I tilted the toy, making the sharp head rub at her upper wall as I increased my pressure on her clit. 

It was sudden. Her back arching up, her scream, and her shaking. I smiled into her skin, smelling her so strong, feeling the wet of her seep down the palm of my hand onto my wrist, nearly losing the toy inside her. I held her clit, watching her body closely, watching her seize. She jerked away from me suddenly and the toy just popped out of her cunt with a squelch. 

She lay looking away from me, her whole body heaving for air. I twisted the toy to off and again brought the bright pink to my lips and licked, suckled. So good. I wanted to clean her, but I thought I shouldn't press my luck. I was closer, wasn't I? I crawled off the bed and slipped out of her room, shutting the door behind me.