 As I made my way into the familiar theater, my excitement grew. I'd been here probably 15 times in the past few years to see my favorite local band. The lead singer was a gorgeous lesbian named Melissa. She was about 5'7 with curves in all the right places. Usually she wore her silky brown hair about shoulder length and her eyes were a bright blue that lit up the whole stage. When she sang everyone in the audience fell under her spell. She became so involved in her songs that the words just seemed to flow out of her, her voice resonated in the deepest part of your soul, and the music seemed to take over her body and her hips started moving to the rhythm involuntarily. It was so sexy that I don't think there was anyone in the audience who didn't want to fuck her right there on the stage. I got wet just watching her. 

I was meeting my best friend, Josh, there. He was driving in from the cape where he was spending the summer. Originally, the concert was part of my plans to celebrate my 1 year anniversary. Unfortunately, the girl in question decided to run off to Hawaii with her English professor 6 weeks before. I was crushed, but I had my work and my friends and they kept me busy. It wasn't long before I had my eye out, looking to test out the dating scene again. I always took Josh with me when I went to pick up girls. He was very gay, but not as flaming as a lot of gay boys I know. I take him with me because he's a girl magnet. Everywhere we go, girls come up to him and start talking to him. I met 3 of my ex-girlfriends that way. 

I made my way towards the stage. I made sure to get there early enough so that I could get real close. Surprisingly, in all the times I'd seen the band, I'd never been up close. This time, I was there in time to get in the very front, right by the barricade before the stage. I was a woman on a mission to get a date, a phone number, even a one night stand tonight. I wore my favorite club jeans, a pair of low-rise button fly jeans from Guess. They were like second skin most of the way down my thighs. I also had a wife-beater on underneath a brown striped snap-up shirt. I was feeling hot, and I leaned on the barricade with my eye on the door, scanning the faces as they came in. I was looking for Josh, but I was also looking for any cute girls (there were quite a few). 

About 45 minutes later, the band took the stage. The show was electric, as usual, and I swore I saw Melissa look at me a few times, but I passed them off as just glances through the crowd. With all those lights in her eyes, what were the odds she could actually see me anyway? A very hot Latina spent most of the show standing next to me, and I tried to flirt with her, but then her girlfriend showed up. Oops. 

When the show ended, my adrenaline was pumping. I felt a natural high, almost like I'd just had sex. Having been many times, I knew it was better to just hang out for a little while when the concert ended for a couple reasons. 1- sometimes the band came out and played one last song for the hardcore fans who stood there screaming for an encore, and 2- because it was difficult to fight through the hordes of people to get to the door. 

"Excuse me! Excuse me!" someone shouted, snapping me out of my daze. I looked around to find the source of the voice and saw a woman coming towards me with a security badge flapping. 

"Me?" I asked. 

"Yes, I was told to give this to you," she said as she handed me a folded piece of paper. I took it and she ran off again to help with crowd control. 

"What does it say?" Josh asked, elbowing me. 

I read the note out loud, "Hey, I've seen you around before. There's a cool show tomorrow night at Deville's, I'll be there at 10, I hope to see you there. -Melissa" 

Josh laughed and said, "Oh, you'll be there. She might not recognize you, but you'll be there." 

Apparently, Melissa didn't realize that I am the show she was going to. Or part of it. I'm a drag king, which really just means I dress up like a boy and make an ass of myself to music. But it makes me good money at the local lesbian bars, and it's fun. I'm part of a troupe and for this particular show, I was the finale. 

So the next night I was getting ready for my show, and I was really nervous. I was dressed up as my character, wearing fairly tight jeans so they would fit under my chaps and a plain white t-shirt and a Stetson (can you tell I'm a cowboy?), and I peeked around the curtain to scan the crowd. It was about 10:30 and I was set to go on in 15 minutes, and I spotted Melissa sitting at the bar looking very disappointed. I felt bad for a moment, but smiled inwardly at the thought of her reaction when I surprised her later. 

15 minutes later I strode out from behind the curtain to the beginning beats of "Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy" by Big & Rich. I went through my performance, even jumping off the stage for a little bit to wander through the crowd. I stopped by Melissa and winked at her, and I thought I saw a glimmer of recognition, but a moment later it was gone. After the show I turned myself back into a girl and went out to the bar, taking the Stetson with me. The lights on the dance floor had started and the beats where thumping and people started filing into the other room to dance the rest of the night away. 

I tapped Melissa on the shoulder and she turned around, completely shocked to see me. She looked me up and down and I could see her trying to figure out what to say to the fact that I was an hour late. I just smiled and put the Stetson on, and her face lit up. She understood. 

"Wow, that's so crazy...you were amazing..." 

"Thanks," I said, and turned to order a drink. "Put it on my tab, Stace...." Then I turned back to Melissa, "I'm Ari, by the way." 

"Melissa...but you know that already." 

"So how come I've never seen you in here before?" 

"I don't come here much. We're on tour a lot...6 months of the year, usually. We're actually leaving in a couple days." 

I nodded and took a sip of my drink, "I think I knew that too." 

"Well, since you seem to know so much about me already, tell me about yourself..." 

We kept talking about me, mostly, for about a half hour, until I heard a song I liked come on in the other room. "Dance with me?" 

"Sure, Ari." 

I took her hand and led her into the other room. We walked on to the dance floor and started dancing. Well, I started dancing. I was switching gears into club mode now. Melissa looked a little nervous, so I just kept moving to the rhythm, shaking my ass and being very flirty. The song changed to one of my favorites, and I immediately put an arm around Melissa and pulled her close to me. I started dancing slowly to the rhythm, an easy grind that she could follow. Her hips started to move in unison with mine and I loosened my grip a little. I leaned forward and started singing the song in her ear, my lips gently brushing the outer part 

"If it's lovin' that you want, you should make me your girl, if it's lovin' that you need, baby come and share my world..." 

She leaned closer to me and said, "so what are you doing later?" 

"You, I hope," I said with a smirk. She just smiled and put her head on my shoulder. 

We danced a while longer without speaking, the tension between us mounting. I was excited, but nervous. I had fantasized about her for so long and I finally had a chance with her, so many things could go wrong. I went to the bar and got another drink in an effort to calm my nerves a bit. Melissa followed me and we sat together at the bar and....more silence. I finished my drink and used the fresh little buzz to suppress my nerves enough to grab her hand and say, "let's go." 

She smiled and followed me to my car and we got in. Before I could shift the car, though, she grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me to her and kissed me very passionately, her tongue pushing its way into my mouth and seeking out my tongue. We kissed for what seemed like forever, our tongues dancing together sensually, much like we'd been dancing in the club not long before. When we finally broke apart I was thinking of nothing except getting her home with me. I started the car and drove the 20 minutes to my apartment and we practically ran up to my 3rd floor loft. 

When the door closed I found myself pushed up against it and Melissa was kissing me again, her hands at my belt. She pulled it off and grabbed the waistband of my pants and said, "Which way to the bedroom?" 

I kissed her again and wrapped my arms around her waist, she put hers around my neck and I picked her up. She yelped in surprise, but when she realized that I'm stronger than I look, she wrapped her legs around me and kissed me again, and I carried her to the bedroom. I put her down on the bed, still locked in a kiss, and climbed on top of her. She broke the kiss and looked into my eyes. She didn't need words, we were both thinking the same thing. Tonight would certainly not be the last time we saw each other. 

She put her hands to my face and pulled me to her and I reached up to unbutton her shirt. My hands were shaking a little bit - my nerves were coming back, but I refused to let it get in the way. I pulled her shirt off and kissed down her neck to her collarbone. She leaned her head back opening her neck up to me so I kissed up the other side and flicked my tongue at her ear. She sighed at that and whispered in my ear "you first." 

With that she rolled me over so she was on top and straddled my hips. She unbuttoned my shirt and nearly ripped it off and then undid my bra and pulled it off with one quick motion. Her mouth went straight for my nipples, biting and licking first one, then the other. I arched my back to meet her mouth. She responded by taking one in her mouth and sucking, gently at first, then harder and harder, driving me crazy. She stopped and licked it gently and then repeated the process on the other one. My nipples were always sensitive, and her mouth left me writhing on the bed. 

While she was driving me crazy with her mouth on my nipples, her hands were unbuttoning my jeans. I'd always thought that musicians (especially guitar players) would be fantastic in bed, and at this moment it dawned on me that I was about to find out. I started laughing, and Melissa stopped and looked at me with a questioning look on her face. 

"Oh, I was just thinking that I was about to find out whether my theory about guitar players is true..." 

"Oh really," she said, the smile returning to her face, "what theory is that?" 

"That they're fantastic in bed." 

"Well, I've never had any complaints," she said and started kissing down my stomach while she pulled on my pants. I helped her pull my jeans and boxers off and lay on the bed naked. She started kissing again where she left off. I was really wet by now and thought I might cum at the slightest touch of her mouth on my pussy. 

She pushed my knees up and slowly licked around my shaved pussy. I was in heaven. She licked my clit gently, slowly, around in circles, and back and forth. I was stiff on the bed moaning so loudly I thought my neighbors might hear me. Melissa stiffened her tongue and fucked me with it until my hips were coming off the bed to meet her thrusts. With each thrust the precipice of my orgasm came closer and closer, and then she stopped. She must have seen the need in my eyes because she smiled and kissed the inside of my thighs, gradually getting closer to my cunt again. This time she opened her mouth and surrounded my clit and began sucking, ever so gently. My hips bucked over and over as the suction she created drove me wild. Then, she pushed 2 fingers inside of me and started pumping them. The tandem of stimulation was more than I could take. I screamed in pleasure and bucked and writhed on my bed as my orgasm crashed over me. She gently licked my clit through a series of aftershocks and then I had to push her away. 

She climbed up and lay next to me as I caught my breath. "So, your theory hold up?" 

I could only nod, I was still unable to speak. I lay there for a few minutes and recovered some energy and then rolled Melissa over. I kissed her belly and unbuttoned her jeans while she took off her bra. I got up off the bed and pulled off her jeans and panties and then grabbed her ankles and pulled her towards me until she was sitting on the edge of the bed. I knelt in front of her and, starting at her knees, licked a trail up her thighs to her wet pussy. I was about to get my first taste of a girl I had been lusting after since the first moment I saw her walk on stage. My heart fluttered at the thought. I took one long lick up her slit; she was the sexiest thing I had ever tasted. I licked slowly, wanting to tease her like she had done to me. I glanced upward and saw her looking down at me with a sultry look on her face, clearly enjoying the show of me eating her pussy. I flicked my tongue over her clit and pushed 2 fingers inside her. I wiggled them around, massaging her g-spot. Melissa threw her head back and let out a loud moan. I started thrusting my fingers in and out, making sure to hit her g-spot on each inward stroke, and soon her hips were thrusting hard enough that I could barely keep my mouth on her. I clamped my mouth over her clit and flicked my tongue back and forth as fast as I could and I quickened the pace of my fingers inside her. She fell backwards on the bed and wrapped her legs around my back and was clutching the sheets tightly. As her orgasm mounted, her screams got louder, and her legs tightened around me. I doubled my efforts and was rewarded shortly as Melissa stiffened and arched up off the bed, screaming her pleasure, and grabbing the back of my head. She held my face to her cunt as she convulsed, and then suddenly pushed me away. I took the hint and slowly removed my fingers from her spasming hole. 

We lay together in my bed on the verge of sleep. 

"You know I'm leaving soon, and I'll be gone for a few months." 

"Yes," I said, "and I'll be here when you get back, if you want." 

"Mmm...you can count on it." 

***4 months later*** 

I walked into the familiar theater again, only this time I was greeted at the door and handed a VIP backstage pass. I made my way into the green room, where I knew Melissa waited for me. They had just arrived back in town a few hours earlier, and I knew she must be exhausted from being on the road for 4 months. I walked in the door and was immediately pounced on by Melissa. We fell on the couch, kissing and laughing. 

"I have a surprise for you," she said. 

"Yeah?" 

"Yes, but that's for later. I'm so glad to see you." 

"I missed you," I said. We had talked periodically, but with both of us so busy it wasn't very much. We talked a few minutes more, and then her band came in with food. It was getting close to curtain, so I started to make my way to the main theater. Before I left, I leaned in and whispered in Melissa's ear, "save some energy for me later, I'm going to fuck your brains out all night." 

Melissa blushed a little and gave me a kiss and returned to her bandmates, who were busy getting pumped up for their show. 

I walked into the main theater and found the VIP tables and sat down. They were off to the side, but it was nice to be able to sit down. The show was amazing, as usual. Maybe even more so this time, because I felt connected to the music. I smiled inwardly as I watched Melissa dance to the beats and sing her heart out to her hometown audience. Then, about halfway through, she paused between songs for a minute, and looked around at the band. They all nodded and she stepped up to the microphone. 

"You guys wanna hear a new song?" The crowd roared. "We actually just put the finishing touches on this song a couple weeks ago, and normally we wouldn't play with so little practice, but I wrote it for a very special someone in the audience tonight. Anyway, here it is, Untitled No. 4." And with that the band started up with one of the most beautiful songs I'd ever heard, it brought tears to my eyes. 

When the concert was over, I knew I had to do something special in return. As I rushed out of the theater I called Melissa, telling her to meet me at my apartment in an hour. I immediately went to the 24-hour grocery store to buy the things I'd need...candles, flowers, scented oils, fruit, and a couple other odds and ends. I went back to my apartment to set the scene. 

Usually I'm not the type for what I call "predictable romance" - the candles and the flowers and such, but I'm not usually getting songs written about me either. I was pretty sure Melissa would appreciate it. I lit the candles around the apartment and pulled the petals off most of the flowers and put them inside an empty vase. In that I put a half dozen roses of all different colors and a little water so they wouldn't wilt - those went in the bedroom. Finally, it was about 10 minutes before Melissa would get there, so I wrote out a quick note telling Melissa what to do and ran to the bathroom to draw a bath with some of the scented oils. And I waited. 

Right on time Melissa walked through the door and towards the bathroom. I greeted her at the door and said "I know what you need. Just relax." With that I pulled her into the bathroom and pulled off her clothes. We kissed and I guided her towards the tub. 

"You joining me?" 

"Nope, you just relax and let me take care of you." 

She relaxed in the bathtub and I went to the bedroom to set up a couple more things. When she was done she came into the bedroom, wrapped in a towel. She saw me waiting for her again and smiled. "You're too much," she said, leaning against the door frame. 

"Well come on, lay down. I'm sure you could use a massage after 4 months of a tour bus." 

"That's for sure..." Melissa lay down on my bed on her stomach and cast the towel aside. I straddled her ass and squeezed a little massage lotion in my hands and rubbed them together to warm it up. I started at her shoulders and worked the tension out, and then moved slowly down her back, making sure to get all the knots out. "Mmmm..." she said, rolling over underneath me. "That felt amazing...but before you put me to sleep, I have other plans." She reached up and began undoing my clothing. This time there was little hesitation between us. Within seconds I was just as naked as she was and we lay on the bed kissing heatedly, our hand roaming over each other's bodies. 

She bent her head and took a nipple in her mouth; my head went back and I moaned out loud. I massaged her breasts and pinched her nipples while she sucked on mine. Her hands grabbed at my hips and started pulling them towards her. 

"I have a better idea," I said, and I moved around so we were in a 69 position. 

"Good idea," she said and began devouring my pussy. I moaned loudly and dove right into hers. She explored every inch of my pussy with her tongue and fingers, driving me to amazing heights. She flicked at my clit and pumped her fingers inside of me, and every sensation was made even more intense by the moans that were coming out of her from my tongue buried in her cunt. I drove my tongue as far into her as I could, and even massaged her g-spot with my tongue briefly before replacing it with my fingers and moving my tongue to her clit. I closed my mouth over it and moaned, hoping the vibrations would drive her as crazy as she was driving me. I ground my pussy against her mouth and I could feel a tremendous orgasm approaching. I licked her clit faster and pushed another finger inside her sopping wet pussy and could sense her orgasm building as well. Melissa screamed loudly as she came and I came seconds behind her, screaming her name. 

We collapsed together and caught our breath for a minute. 

"Wait here," Melissa said when she was recovered, and she ran off. She appeared a moments later with a small box. She opened it and revealed something I recognized - a vibrating tongue ring. "Just lay back, I've been dying to try this on you." Melissa put the tongue right in and pushed my legs apart. When her tongue made contact, I jumped. She worked her tongue magic over my clit again, this time with the added vibration. She circled my clit slowly, making sure never to let it come in direct contact with my clit. I was so wet from my previous orgasm and her new toy that she had no problem getting 3 fingers inside me and started thrusting them tantalizingly slowly. When my hips started thrusting to meet her fingers and her tongue, she stopped. She looked me in the eye and said "not yet sweetheart...not yet." She slowly started fingering me again, hitting my g-spot with every stroke. I could feel the warmth building inside me. She slowly built me up, gently thrusting her fingers and absolutely torturing me with her tongue. Finally she decided I had waited long enough and she picked up the pace with her tongue, bringing the vibrations closer and closer to my clit. Then she zeroed in on my clit with and I quickly tumbled over the edge, screaming out loud and arching my back and thrusting my hips into her mouth. She stopped and gently caressed my clit through the aftershocks and crawled up to lay next to me. 
