 Katie faded into consciousness when Jen stirred under her. She stretched and opened her eyes. "Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," Jen whispered. 

"No, it's okay. Is the movie over?" Katie asked.

"Yeah, it has been for a while," Jen chuckled.

"And you just let me sleep?"

Jen smiled and shrugged. "I didn't want to wake you. I guess watching you sleep is enough entertainment for me."

Katie turned on her side and rested her temple on her palm, "And what was so entertaining about that? Was I sleeping with my mouth open or something?"

Jen's laughter bubbled up from her lungs and out her mouth. "No, your mouth wasn't open."

"Then what?" Katie persisted.

"I was just thinking of... things." Jen tried to avoid the question.

"Things? What things?"

Jen hesitated, "Just things I'd like- things I want to do to you."

"Oh yeah?" Katie asked, challenging her. "Things like what?"

"I don't know, things like this" Jen whispered. She slipped her hand behind Katie's neck and pulled her in. A breath away from her lips, Jen paused, then kissed her slowly, feeling the fullness of her parted lips, the softness of her mouth. Jen slipped her tongue between Katie's lips and gently coaxed her mouth open, sliding her tongue over Katie's, tenderly exploring her teeth, her tongue, searching for her desire. She pulled back and found it in her eyes. Katie stared at her with uncertainty and passion. Jen fingered her lower lip.

"Things like that, eh?" Katie blushed and looked away.

Jen chuckled. "Yeah, and some other things." She glanced down at Katie's body.

"Ok," Katie said.

"Ok what?" Jen asked,

"You said there are other things you want to do," Katie kissed Jen again. "I'm saying ok." They looked at each other for a minute, then Jen sat up. "Are you sure? Really?" she asked.

Instead of responding, Katie laughed and pulled Jen down on top of her. Jen kissed her and then began removing Katie's button down shirt, one button at a time. "Put your arms above your head," she commanded, and Katie did it. Jen slipped the shirt off Katie's torso and up her arms, where the tight cuffs held the sleeves around her wrists. Jen wrapped the shirt around the bedpost. She kissed Katie passionately while her hands explored her chest. Jen fingered her stomach, her belly button, her ribs, the curves over her voluptuous breasts, her collarbone, her neck, and the lobes of her ears. She lightly dragged her fingernails over Katie's skin, where goose bumps rose up on her peachy flesh. "I'll do whatever you want, Katie." She whispered lowly, "but you're gonna have to ask me."

"Hey!" Katie protested, "You can't use Melissa Ferrick's line!" She smiled. 

Jen smiled back, but only for a second. "Watch me," she said. She pulled off Katie's jeans and underwear and left her naked and bound on the bed. She went to her dresser drawer and pulled out a few things- gloves, some lube, and a blue dildo she called Champ. Jen came back over to the bed, laid her supplies out by Katie's legs, where she couldn't see them, and spoke in a low whisper again, "Tell me what you want, Katie." She kissed her hard, pushing through her lips, taking Katie's mouth as her own. She ravaged the skin of her torso, licking her neck, biting her ear, circling her breasts slowly with the tip of her tongue. Jen avoided her nipples, always staying a millimeter away, only allowing her breath to touch them. "Tell me you want me to touch you, to torture you with pleasure, and I will." 

Jen barely had time to get the words out, and Katie interrupted her last syllables, "Yes, ok. I want you to touch me." 

Jen smiled. "Ok," she said. "Where?" she grazed Katie's nipple with the nail of

her thumb. "Here?" 

"Yes," Katie moaned, "yes, there."

Jo was playing with her now, and enjoying it. She moved her hands away from Katie's body and asked, "Where was it you wanted me to touch you?"

Katie sighed in annoyance, in discomfort. "Touch my... my nipples. Both of them at once." Jen waited. "Please, Jen, please touch me." Jen moved quickly, pinching the hard pink flesh of Katie's nipples between her fingers, then using her nails to flick them side to side. Katie's breathing quickened. She drew in sharp breaths, and as Jen's speed and pressure increased, tiny moans started to escape from Katie's mouth. 

"Good girl, Katie. Let me hear you," Jen cooed. She lowered her mouth to Katie's chest and locked her teeth gently around Katie's nipple. She licked her, flicking the flesh back and forth, mimicking her tongue with her fingers on the other side. She felt Katie's hands pull against the cuffs of her shirt. Jen lifted her head. 

"If it hurts, if you want me to stop, tell me, ok?" Katie nodded. Jen lowered her mouth to Katie's hard, wet nipple again, and nibbled the flesh lightly. As Katie began to moan, she held it between her teeth firmly, with her thumb and fingers mirroring on Katie's other breast. She began to put firm pressure on both knots of flesh, and a breath escaped Katie's lips. She slowly increased the pressure and Katie began to moan, "Oh God, Jen, please..." she half whispered, half screamed. Jen bit harder and harder, pinched more and more firmly, until Katie was screaming. "Oh fuck, Jen! Don't stop, please don't stop." And she didn't. 

She kept the pressure on, and she knew it was pulsing in Katie's skin, sending pain and pleasure through her chest, into her flushed face and throbbing lips. When she was sure she was about to draw blood, Katie surrendered. "Ok, stop. Ah!" Jen left her a moment to catch her breath, then began licking Katie's other nipple, lighting stroking it with her tongue. Katie's swollen, sensitive skin reacted immediately, and she couldn't tell if the pain was worth the pleasure. But she let Jen go, licking her, biting her, pinching and flicking her until she thought she would rip her shirt apart pulling against the bedpost. 

"Fuck me, Jennifer. I want you to fuck me," she finally moaned. Jen lifted her head, held Katie's head in her hands, and kissed her wet, swollen mouth. "Open your legs," she said, and Katie did. Jen sat between Katie's legs and caressed her ribs, her stomach, her thighs. "Put your knees up," she commanded, and Katie moved her heels to her hips. Jen leaned forward, almost touching Katie, but not quite. "Wider," she said, so Katie put a foot on either side of the bed, opening herself up to Jen's hands, to her will. Jen kissed Katie's feet, her ankles, her calves. She nibbled the insides of her knees and ran her tongue up Katie's inner thigh. "Are you wet?" she said, leaning close to Katie. 

"Yes," Katie whispered.

"Why?" Jen pondered. "Tell me why you're wet, and I might fuck you."

"Because," Katie struggled with the cuffs of her shirt, and with her words. "Because you were touching me," she managed.

"How was I touching you? What was I doing that made you wet, Katie?"

"You were biting me," she moaned. "You were pinching..."

"What was I pinching, Katie? Say it." She ordered. Katie loved that she was made to say it.

"You were pinching my nipples," she exhaled. "It was like torture."

"Why?"

"Because I wanted you to go harder and harder, and then I just wanted you to fuck me. Because it felt like you were controlling my whole body through your teeth."

"Good girl," Jen said. "I am controlling your whole body." Katie looked down at her own naked body, at Jen between her legs. "Are you still wet?" Jen asked.

"Yes."

"And you still want to be fucked?" Jen continued in her cool tone.

"Yes," moaned Katie.

"Closed your eyes," Jen instructed. Katie closed her eyes and felt Jen's hand sliding up and down her thighs. She felt Jen's breath between her legs, but nothing more. Then Jen sat back and picked something up from the bed. Katie felt the cold liquid slide between her lips and flinched at the cool sensation. "Good," Jen said. She opened Katie's lips to the cool air of the room, and slid her tongue over Katie's clitoris. 

Katie flinched again, and Jen smiled. She flicked her tongue again. Flinch. And again. A bigger flinch. Then she began to slowly run circles around and around the tiny pit of Katie's soft, sweet, open peach. She quickened her pace and began to run her tongue directly over the hard pit, hearing Katie's moans intensify. After a few particularly loud sounds poured out from Katie's hoarse throat, Jen slowed. "Oh God," Katie moaned. "Oh fuck." She tried to move her hips towards Jen's tongue, but Jen placed a hand firmly on top of Katie's hips. "What do you say?" Jen teased. And Katie gave in.

"Please, please Jen, fuck me! Lick my clit and let me scream."

Jen laughed and did just what Katie asked of her. She pulled Katie's lips up and apart to expose her clitoris, that delicate pit, and licked her until she screamed. But she knew this wasn't all that Katie wanted. So as Katie's thighs began to quiver, she lifted her head, stroking Katie's clit softly with her fingers and asked, "What else do you want Katie?"

She couldn't hesitate anymore, couldn't think about the inappropriate words she was about to say. Jen didn't even have to force her anymore. "I want you inside me. Fuck me with a toy while you lick me." She paused and then finished, "Please Jennifer, please."

"Good Katie," Jen said soothingly. She put a condom on Champ and popped open the bottle of lube. She didn't think Katie would need it. "Keep calling me Jennifer," she said. She pressed Champ against Katie's skin, right at the opening of her vagina.

"Fuck me, Jennifer," and by the last syllable, Jen had thrust deep inside her. Moans poured from Katie's mouth as Jen pulled out and entered her again, slowly this time. She pressed the dick into her gently at first, and very slowly. After a few seconds, she heard Katie moan, "Faster Jen, please." Jen kept her slow rhythm. "Jennifer, please, fuck me faster," Katie said, remembering herself. Jen quickened her pace and began to finger Katie's clit with her other hand. 

"Yes!" Katie moaned, "please keep going!" Jen kept going, slowing down every few seconds until Katie screamed, "I want you to fuck me hard, Jennifer. Hard and fast. I want you to tear me in two." Jen bent over Katie and thrust into her hard and fast, over and over. She rubbed Katie's wet, exposed clitoris with the other hand, and listened to the rough moans and hysterical screams flowing up from Katie's lungs and out her full flushed lips. Jen heard Katie scream her name among a thousand other deities. She moved one hand to Katie's chest and flicked her nipples, then returned to her clit. She bit her thighs, grabbed her chest, and left red fingernail marks down Katie's side. 

With each new movement, the pitch and intensity of Katie's voice changed. Eventually, Katie's screams quieted to a low rumble, but Jen kept going. Slower and more gently, she continued to penetrate this beautiful, naked, vulnerable girl over and over.  

The beauty of this last motion, the power of it, turned Jen on so much that she kissed Katie passionately again, commanded her to "Hold on," and fucked her hard again. Jen thrust into her while she laid on Katie's chest with her hand between her own legs, stroking her wet flesh, her weight sensitive to Katie's every breath. "Fucking you makes me wet," she whispered. After a minute of this, Jen moved back between Katie's legs, slowing her movement until Katie finally whispered, "Ok, no more." 

She pressed Champ deep inside Katie slowly and left it there. She climbed on top of her, her knee firmly between Katie's legs, holding Champ in place. "Is this ok?" she whispered, stroking Katie's hair, which was wet with sweat. "Yes," Katie said. I like you still inside me. Jen pulled Katie's shirt off the bedpost and untangled her wrists, which were red with struggle. "Open your eyes, baby," she cooed. Katie opened her eyes and wrapped her arms around Jen, and Jen was surprised at how blue her eyes were, how warm her arms felt. They laid like that until they both dozed off. An hour or two later, Jen awoke again, and Katie asked, "was I sleeping with my mouth open?"

"No, you weren't" Jen said, and went to put away the toys. She started to pull Champ away from Katie's body, but she grabbed Jen's arm as she did and said, "Wait, stay right there." Then Katie swung her body forward and back and fucked herself gently while Jen sat silent and still and watched her begin to sweat again. When Katie was tired, she dropped her hips to the bed and stopped moving. Jen continued the gently rhythm Katie had started and closed her mouth around Katie's sweet pit. In seconds, echo's of Katie's hysterical screams were in Jen's ears, now soft but overwhelming breathing. Her thighs quaked and Jen felt her body pulse from the point of her tongue. She smiled, and slowly pulled out. "Wow, babe, I'm impressed." She giggled. Katie lays still, bathing in the afterglow and the heaviness of sleep.

"Me too," Katie mumbled. "I'm exhausted."

Jen cleaned up and put away their things, then undressed and slipped under the covers naked. She loved to feel Katie's body against hers, and when she laid down, Katie automatically curled around Jen's back and wrapped her arms around her. "I love you Katie," Jen yawned.

She hardly heard Katie's sleepy reply. "I love you, Jennifer."