 This is a story I had written under my assumed name, Alicia Dawn, which I no longer use. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed writing it, or maybe I should say re-written it correcting the many mistakes I had made. Places and names are only a coincidence to add flavor to the story. 

I also would like to thank a close friend, Chris Reed and Mac for helping teaching me how to write a better story. I know that some may still find an error or two we over looked, oh well, shit happens.





My name is Kayla McBride, I'm five six, hundred twenty five pounds with short brown hair (exactly like Halle Berry's hair) I was born in Turkey from an American father and Turkish mother, my father met my mother when he was on a military assignment in the Middle East. My father whose parents were Italian, and my mother Turkish, you might say I have a lot of Mediterranean blood in my veins. People say I'm sexy and attractive with my firm C cup breasts, brown eyes and Olive complexion. 

I am now living at the RiverHouse high-rise apartment building in Washington, DC, with John, my husband who I'm married to for eight years, no kids, and no pets. John is working for a contractor supplying hardware for the military. He has is in easy walk to the Pentagon from our apartment. The apartments is close to everything, shopping, restaurants and we even have a Starbucks just around the corner. The apartment is on the eight floor, overlooking the Potomac River and Washington Monument. 

I work as a travel agent in the Crystal City Shops. Sometimes going and coming from work the elevator stops at the sixth floor when I started noticing this woman either getting on or off. She is about five three very short pixie black hair, around hundred thirty pounds, firm B cup breasts, dark eyes and light skin complexion. Her legs and thighs were firm and muscular, indicating that she worked out regularly. While noticing her, my thoughts were a little confusing, I am not into women, but at the same time she was making my pussy moisten and tingle. I tried not thinking of her any more until that one day when she turned my world upside down. 

It was a Tuesday, riding down the elevator; I was staring straight ahead thinking about my marriage and how unhappy and lonely I was feeling. I then noticed her staring at me, realizing I was staring at her. As I looked into her eyes, I could see warmth and a bit of mischief in them as she arched her eyebrows, giving me a slight smile at me. I saw a sparkle in here eyes. When the elevator stopped on the first floor, she again looked at me, showing me her perfectly white teeth, giving me a wink before walking out the door. It was when the doors closed I realize that I was holding my breath.

For the rest of my day, my thoughts where on my mysterious woman, sharing an elevator ride with me occasionally. I could see her in my mind, standing there, with her sweaty white t-shirt and black work out shorts. As I sat at my desk, each time I thought of her, I could feel myself smiling, and my pussy getting a little wetter.

Filling the whirlpool tub I sat in the hot water with the jets sending bubbles over my body, thinking about my life. I married John, eight years ago. We both were in our junior year in college. I had taken American History in the fall semester that year. We had sat beside each other, and by the time the semester was over, we were dating. After we both graduated, we got married. Maybe we should have waited until we were a little more secure, but then isn't hindsight always better. I think the best part was deciding to wait before having any kids. Actually, looking back, it was more like a blessing to wait.

After we were married, our sex life was fun but not terrific, at first it seemed like he wanted sex, sometimes seven times a week. Then it dropped down to three to four times a week. By then the rockets' red glare and bombs bursting in the air had long faded. Before long, I was lucky enough to have sex once a month. I'd go out and buy something really sexy at Victoria's Secret, which only worked once or twice. I even tried to meet him at the door one day naked. Hell, his only comment was, "Gaining a little weight are we?" He slept on the sofa for two weeks for that little indiscretion. 

Last year, he was promoted to district manager and started traveling quite often, being gone sometimes up to two weeks at a time. In a way, it was almost a blessing for me, not having him around all the time. My sex life did get a little better, even if it was my five fingers or Mr. V, as I called my favorite dildo. Actually, this is Mr. V the second; I wore the first one out.

For the past six years, no matter how many different ways I tried to talk to my parents, their only comment was, "He is such a good man, you can't divorce him, and what would the neighbors say?" 

Being the good daughter that I am, I'd just lower my head and pretend that I agreed. I decided to make do with the situation I was in but I just sometimes I just wanted to say, "Fuck being good, I wanna real life and get laid!" Getting my nails and hair done I would sit and listen to the women around me talking about the gossip of who is seeing who and who is running around on who. I knew I didn't want to be a part of all that gossip. Maybe I just needed someone a lot closer to home without any chance of being seen out in public.

For the most part I concentrated on my job as a travel agent, going to the gym four days a week to keep my college figure. It now became my normal routine, when John was gone; my vibrating dildo and I had this love affair going. I think it was the vibrator who couldn't get enough of my pussy, because it was always in me.

As I laid there in the warm water, caressing my breasts, tweaking my nipples, I could feel my pussy starting to tingle. I slipped my finger down my slit, caressing around my clit, then going lower until my finger was at the entrance of my now wet hole. Reaching down with my left hand I spread my lips open, then using two fingers I began circling my hole, working my fingertips in slowly. With my fingertips just inside my pussy, I began tweaking my clit, pulling on it, making me moan, while pushing my fingers deeper into my pussy. I lifted my ass, and rammed my two fingers deep into my pussy, while rubbing my clit with two fingers from my other hand. Not wanting to cum to soon, I began caressing my breasts and pinching and pulling on my nipples. 

As I lay there, slowly fucking myself, her face, my unknown friend in the elevator was before me. Her eyes were smiling at me, as if it were her fingers that were slowly fucking me. I started moaning and pushing my hips to my fingers as I began fucking myself harder and faster. Her smile seemed to get bigger, her face closer as my body suddenly stiffened, my pussy was clamping down hard on my fingers. I could feel my juices coming out over my fingers mixing with the bath water I was sitting in.

As my breathing began to slow and return to normal, I reflected back to the intense orgasm, while thinking about my mystery girl in the elevator this morning. She had a masculine build, somewhat like a body builder. I began to wonder what it would be like under her control, make me do all kind of things with her. I've seen women in the gym, some wearing workout clothes so tight, it looked like they were wearing nothing, and you dam well knew it when you could see their camel toe as bold as ever. This girl had an effect on me I just couldn't explain, even to myself. I knew I wasn't a lesbian, but... this girl seemed to turn me on more than anything else I had experienced in my life before now.

I stood up, opened the drain in the tub and turned on the shower to rinse off the soap and wash my hair. After stepping out of the tub, drying myself off and blow-drying my hair, I looked at myself in the full-length mirror. Although I did go to the roof each weekend and get as much sun as I could, with my olive complexion, there seemed to be no tan lines that could be easily seen. Cupping my breasts, they were soft, standing firm and my areolas were a deep dark chocolate, my nipples were slightly more pinkish. When sexually excited they would be as hard as a rock and stood out at least one half an inch. 

Running my hands down over my stomach to my mons, I kept my pussy shaved clean. When needed, I would treat myself to a facial and manicure, then have Lola do a Brazilian wax on me. Thinking of Lola looking at my pussy all the sudden made me shiver with excitement thinking that she will soon be doing me again, but this time, I will have more of an appreciation of her looking at me. Turning sideways to the mirror, my stomach was flat due to my workouts. My butt, as it has been referred to my "bubble butt," and to my pleasure, seemed to attract stares from both men and women.

I then thought to myself, that going down to the corner store and picking up a bottle of wine for this evening would add a nice touch to the day. Putting on my bra and panties, I went to the dresser and found a nice pair of shorts, not too long and ones that really showed off my butt and thighs. Slipping on a tank top with a plunging neckline showing the tops of my breasts. Grabbing my purse I was on my way. 

As I returned from the corner store, I saw my mystery girl entering the lobby of the apartment building. I see her heading towards the mail boxes in the far corner of the lobby. I hurried over, hopping to see which mail box was hers. I got to my mailbox, taking my time watching out the corner of my eye. I see her staring at my body, I felt the starting to tingles all over, my pussy starting to spasm, my panties getting wet, "oh God, what is this girl doing to me?" I thought! I see her looking down at my pelvic area, I start to shutter as if I am having an orgasm just by her looking at me. With my olive complexion, I think she knew I was blushing with the thoughts of what she was doing to me. I looked directly at her, only to see her give me a very broad smile, while licking her lips and giving me another wink as she closed her mail box and turned to walk away.

I dropped a letter on purpose, just so I could squat down and check to see if I had a wet spot visible. As I looked at my crotch, you could see a small wet spot in the seam of my shorts, but would have been undetectable unless I had spread my legs wider apart and she would have to squat down to see it. Relieved, I stood, closed my mailbox, I then walked over to hers. Number Six Fourteen, T. Randall. Mumbling to myself, 'Shit! Shit! Shit! Everyone else puts their first name on their mailbox, but not Ms Randall,' mumbling to myself. I'll have to wait until tomorrow; maybe I'll get up the nerve to ask her then.

As I walked into the apartment, the phone started to ring, checking the caller ID, it was John calling. He was telling me that he finished up early, and should me home in about an hour, depending on traffic. He asked what I was going to fix for dinner, which I told him it was to late to do anything now, but would call out and order Chinese food.

Later on after we had gone to bed, I laid there thinking of my day and my encounter with my little Ms T. Randall. As I lay there, I began to wonder what the "T" stood for, Tina, maybe Terry. It could be an exotic name like Tetra! Tomorrow I will ask her when I see her in the elevator again.

I woke up feeling refreshed and alive, more alive then what I felt in a long time. I washed up, eating a light breakfast, I made sure I headed to the elevator and my normal time. Today I was going to talk to Ms T Randall and get to know her. John was leaving town again this afternoon so I was going to have the next couple days to myself.

As the elevator passed the sixth floor, I realized I was not going to see her today. I quickly pressed the first floor button, maybe catching her in the lobby before she left. As the elevator stopped on the first floor, I stepped out into an empty lobby. My heart started to sink, knowing that I had missed her. 

As I started to turn to press the button to go to the basement to get my car and go to work, I see her enter the lobby walking a dog. As she approaches, pushing all my fears aside, I turn facing her, "Hi my name is Kayla, I noticed you a few times coming and going. 

"Hi Kayla, it is very good to meeting you also, my name is Tatianna."

We stood talking, mostly about the weather and how nice it has been the past few weeks.

Having no idea how it came out of my mouth, I asked; "I wonder if we might have coffee or something to drink, give us a chance to get to know one another." 

Watching her lips curl into a smile, "Yes I would love to get to know all of you." When she said 'all of you', there was that mischievous twinkle in her eyes, sending shivers up and down my spine. 

"Why don't you come to my apartment, six fourteen say around seven PM tonight, and please dress comfortably."

All day at work, I had a difficult time keeping my mind on the job at hand, thinking about my meeting this evening with Tatianna. I was trying to plan what on what to wear tonight, should I pick something sexy, or revealing, showing off my curves and sexy butt? By five PM, as I was heading out the door to make my way home, I was still nowhere near deciding on what to wear tonight.

Entering that apartment, there was the usual mess in the kitchen left by John, probably making himself a lunch. Never could get him to pick up after himself, not only in the kitchen, but bath and bedroom also. Quickly cleaning up the kitchen and making myself a sandwich, I finally decided on one of my new bra and panty set from Victoria's Secret. It was a lacy thin transparent set which hid nothing of my sexy body.

After stripping and stepping into the shower, I quickly washed my body, then doing my hair. I wanted time to make sure I was shaved for this evening, making myself as smooth as possible. Stepping out of the shower, I dried my body with a fluffy towel, then dried my hair. Applying very little makeup I wanted to look as natural as possible, yet sexy at the same time. 

By six thirty, there was no need to rush but still had to get dressed. Putting on my panties and bra, I needed to find something that clearly showed my body the best possible way, yet not look like a slutty prostitute. Picking out a soft pink silk blouse, I knew that with the thin material on the bra, it would still be able to see my nipples poking into my blouse. Next I picked a white pair of tight short shorts knowing that when I sat down, they would be pulled tight enough anyone would be able to see the camel toe of my pussy.

Finally at six fifty five, I grabbed my purse, a nice bottle of Rose' wine, and headed for my date with Tatianna. As I stood in front of her door, my knees seemed to be getting weak, and the palms of my hands were getting wet from a nervous sweat. Lightly knocking on the door, it seem like seconds before it was opened and standing before me was this beautiful woman, her radiant smile spread across her face. 

She was wearing a light blue silk robe, just long enough to cover her panties, but a slight bending at the hips or raising her arms would give me a view of her assets. The robe was open to just below her breasts, where it was tied with the with the robes belt. As I stood there, mesmerized by her beauty, my trance was broken when she stepped back asking, "Please come in and make yourself comfortable." Stepping through the door and walked into the living room, she came up to me, "Would you like for me to put that on ice to chill?"

Embarrassed that I completely forgot myself, I quickly handed her the bottle, saying, "Please, I hope this is to your liking?"

Taking the bottle and looking at the label, "Yes, I have had this Rose' before and enjoyed it immensely. Please have a seat and I will be right back, is there anything I can get you in the mean time?"

"No, I'm fine thank you."

"Ok! I'll be just a few minutes and will join you shortly."

As she turned and started walking towards what would be the kitchen area, with each step, I caught a peak of her panties covering her firm butt cheeks, the kind you wanted cup and caress. A few minutes she returned carrying a tray with two wine glasses, a plate of cheese and crackers and sat it down on the coffee table. She returned to the kitchen, bring back the wine nestled in an ice bucket, with a hand towel wrapped around the neck of the bottle. 

Pouring us both a glass of wine, handing me one of the glasses, and taking the other, she sat back on the sofa, pulling her one leg up under the other, giving me a perfect view of the thinly clad panties showing her pussy, and what looked like a wet spot forming in the gusset of her panties.

Averting my eyes as quick as I could to trying and maintain my composure, I too sat back on the sofa, putting my one leg under the other, giving her an ample view of my camel toe in my tight shorts. I knew before long she would also begin to see a wet spot, already feeling my pussy starting to leak my juices.

Smiling at one another, "I just wanted to say, that I've noticed you a few times in the elevator when I was coming or going to work, and felt that I would really would like to get to know you. I hope I am no embarrassing you?"

"No of course not, I've also noticed you, and thought you were rather attractive and sexy," as she reached over, putting her hand on my knee, giving it a slight squeeze then keeping her hand on my knee.

Feeling her hand on my knee, I felt a slight blush rising, as my breath began to quicken. Looking into her eyes, "I also thought you were very attractive and appealing. As you may or may not know, I am married, but seeing you those few times, I felt an attraction towards you. I'm sorry if I am embarrassing you." Feeling my blush rise to my face at my own statement.

Taking a sip of her wine, she sat it back down on the tray, and slid a little closer, taking my wine glass from me and putting it beside hers on the tray, she cupped my chin in her hand turning me towards her, caressing my chin and cheek with her fingernails, 

"Have you ever kissed girl before today?

"No, I never have!"

Have you ever fantasized or thought about making love to another woman?

Looking into her eyes, "Yes I have," not wanting to say I fantasied about her!

She slid even closer, her face close to mine. I could feel her breath on my lips as she spoke; 

"I am going to kiss you, relax your mind, and let your body embrace the kiss. Taste my lips on yours, feel the passion rise within yourself, embrace the passion and share it with me."

Closing my eyes as I felt her hand slid to the back of my neck, her lips brush against mine, causing a loud moan and a jolt pass though my body and settle in my stomach. My pussy immediately began soaking my panties and wetting my shorts. Her tongue slid across my upper lip, then back across my lower lip. 

As she pressed her lips to mine, I moved my hands to her shoulders, pulling her to me, pressing my breasts to hers, and mashing my hard nipples to hers. As our lips were sliding back and forth against each other, I felt her tongue slipping between my lips, sliding back and forth across my teeth as if in search of something. Parting my lips a little more, I pushed my tongue forward to meet hers. As our tongues touched, we both moaned into each other's mouth. Our tongues began a dueling dance with each other, each sucking on the others tongue, then exchanging the dance.

After a few minutes of intense kissing, we parted lips, pressing our foreheads to one another trying to catch our breath. Tatianna was caressing my face with her fingertips, sliding them down my neck. Her fingers began a slow journey until she was cupping my breasts in her hands, using her thumb and forefinger to twist and pinch my hard nipples. With each twist and pinch I moaned, letting her know how I felt. 
