 Dani was due for a vacation, her job as a legal secretary was stressing her out and she was getting tired of being around the office. It had been nearly 3 months since she had had so much as a weekend off. So, she decided to go in and talk with her boss and ask for the vacation time.

Dani was thinking about this for weeks, and the day she decided to see her boss she was wearing a slate gray blazer and short skirt. The skirt was by far too short for the office, riding up on her thighs if she weren't careful. She didn't have anything on under the blazer that day, neither did she wear underwear. Her red hair was done just right, and her natural curls looked so vibrant against the gray of the suit. Her heels clacked on the ground as she went up to her boss's office. The secretary stopped her at the door.

"Where are you going, Ms. Winters?" she asked in her prim voice. Dani almost shuddered, the voice reminding her of her second grade teacher, Ms. Adams. Both of them were real bitches and always chewed out Dani for wearing revealing clothes. Dani sighed, hoping she wouldn't have to talk with her.

"I have an appointment with Mrs. Daniels to discuss my upcoming vacation," Dani said matter of factly, stopping in front of the secretary's desk.

"Is that so? I don't see your name on the list for today," she responded, her face twisting into a sneer. Dani leaned forward on her desk, almost forgetting that she was naked under her blazer and probably giving the secretary a good shot of her full, firm tits before she caught herself.

"Look, Becca, just let me in. We both know that I have an appointment," she said, still standing, drumming her fingernails lightly on the secretary's computer monitor. Becca just licked her lips quickly and smiled back dryly. She had indeed seen Dani's breasts, and nearly all of them. She wanted to see if she could get a second look.

"Well your name isn't on the list, and if it's not on the list, you don't get in."

"Oh for Christ's sake," Dani shouted, her fists pounding onto the secretary's desk, her jacket billowing around her moving body as she leaned heavily onto Becca's desk. The secretary got her look, and she got a good one. Dani didn't realize that in the movement one of the buttons holding the jacket closed had popped open and left her cleavage exposed. Becca's eyes strayed for one second too long and Dani quickly figured out what was going on.

"Now now, Ms. Winters. Throwing a fit won't help you get past me," Becca said looking into Dani's big blue eyes. She could get lost in those eyes, and the very sight of their icy depths made her pussy cream with wanton desire. Dani, who was suddenly seeing Becca in a new light, was having all sorts of nasty ideas flash through her mind, the least of which was taking this 40 year old secretary and showing her what her 20 year old body could do. Her pussy, too, was starting to juice. "Well what will, then?" Dani said demurely, still leaning on the desk. One of her right hand trailed off the desk, meeting her thigh and trailing up it slowly. Her fingers rose the hem of her skirt up, tastily teasing the secretary whose eyes were glued to Dani's every move. Her fingers went further up, releasing the skirt and touched a button on the jacket, and with a nimble movement, popped it open.

Becca's mouth nearly dropped open, and she swallowed hard, her mouth filling with saliva. The smell of excited cunt was in the air, mingling with perfume as Dani's jacket further fell open. Her hand returned to the desk, and she moved her shoulders just so the jacket adjusted, showing the deep pink of her areolas, but hanging up on her nipples. Her taught, creamy white stomach was in plain view, the tight muscles twitching and rolling softly with her moves. Becca could see all the way down to her belly button, and nearly down to the top of Dani's skirt.

Becca's breathing had escalated significantly, and Dani could see her heartbeat hammering across her silk shirt. Her nipples were iron, standing out on Becca's moderate breasts. Dani see in that moment that the secretary, too, had decided to go without a bra, her dark nipples showing prominently through the translucent silk. Both of their mouths had gone dry in anticipation of what the other might do.

"That's a good start, Ms. Winters, but you'll have to do a lot better than that if you want to bribe me into an appointment with Mrs. Daniels," the secretary said, her words escaping in only a hoarse whisper. She was loosing herself in Dani's beautiful eyes and dying with the desire that was stirring the heat in her loins. An evil little smile crossed Dani's face. She stood up, pushing her blazer cross the top of her erect nipples, fully exposing her breasts.

"Becca, are you getting hot just looking at my body?" She asked demurely, her hands trailing around the curve of her firm breasts, her fingers tweaking her nipples before streaming down her taught, well-muscled belly. Becca could only nod in response. Her pussy had control over her now, and it was juicing so hard that she could feel her moisture seeping through her panties. "You want to touch me, don't you, Becca? You want these to be your hands on my body?" she asked again, her fingers undoing the last of the buttons on her blazer, leaving it completely open. She looked down at herself and saw her erect nipples standing out like little missiles from her breasts, each just begging to be sucked and licked.

Dani's fingers continued south, one rubbing her crotch quickly through her skirt, and the other was teasing up her creamy thigh, lifting her skirt inch by inch. Becca's hand unconsciously went between her own thighs and her other started undoing buttons on her blouse. Button by button, her white silk shirt gave way to the tanned flesh underneath, until she was exposed bare from her neck to the top of her slacks

Dani's hands were continuing to please her own body, her right hand moving up and playing alternately with her ample tits and her left was still hiking her skirt up, exposing more of her creamy thighs at a torturously slow rate. The smell of pussy juice was thick in the air, but neither woman seemed to notice. Dani's pussy was beginning to flow like a faucet from her show and Becca's cunt was juicing up like a dam ready to burst. Dani stopped just before her cunt lips were to become visible and spread her thighs, keeping her skirt at the level that it was and both of her hands went up to tease her breasts and nipples.

Becca's eyes were burning a hole through the bottom of that skirt, trying to see the treasure hidden beneath. She could see a thin sheen of Dani's juice on her thighs, and she wanted so desperately to drink from this red-headed beauty's pussy. The smell alone made Becca want to cum, and her own crotch was soaked, the wetness radiating outward from her crotch as her pants absorbed it.

"Becca, are you still wanting to touch my body?" Dani gasped quietly, still massaging her own breasts, nearly mauling herself. Becca only managed a little movement.

"I want to eat that cunt of yours," she said hoarsely, her voice barely more than a whisper. Dani laughed and smiled evilly. Becca's eyes were glued to Dani's thighs as they received a fresh painting of cum flowing from the still-hidden cunt.

"You want to eat this?" she asked softly, running a hand under the waist band of her short skirt. Only her ring and pinky fingers emerged with her thumb, Becca could hear the other two fingers slide into her soaking hot box with a wet slurch. Juice practically poured from her pussy, dripping off her fingers and knuckles and oozing down her legs. "You want to taste this, you want your tongue to be my fingers, plunging inside my pussy?" Becca began to tremble, and Dani could practically hear the gush of cum from the secretary's hole as she had an orgasm on her own hand.

Becca could no longer contain herself and she moaned loudly, her cum splashing against her hand as she worked her fingers in and out of her twitching twat. Her head was flung back and her whole body shook and twitched as her hands slowed down but Dani could still see the secretary's thumb dancing and flicking across her clit as it jumped in her slacks.

Dani needed to cum bad after watching that; she'd seen girls cum before, but it was usually at drunken parties that devolved into all out orgies that she'd been at. She'd never had a girl cum from just being teased though, and it made her feel strong, it made her feel powerful, and it made her want to have the Secretary be the first tongue to invade the pink folds nestled in her crimson curls.

The intercom brought both women back to reality. 

"Ms. Kanley, is Ms. Winters here yet?" Mrs. Daniels' voice echoed metallically through the speaker phone. Becca sat up, trying to compose herself, her eyes glued on Dani as she came around to the back of the desk, her cum-soaked hands pulling the hem of her skirt up, exposing her thick, well-manicured red bush to the secretary. Dani positioned herself almost in front of the secretary, giving her eyes and fingers easy access to what she just had an orgasm imagining. 

"Touch it," Dani whispered. Becca's hands moved, one to Dani's sopping cunt, cupping it, her index finger slipping into the hot folds, the other hand moved to the intercom. "With your tongue," Dani leaned forward and whispered, her voice crashing against the soft flesh of Becca's neck. Becca cleared her head for as long as she needed to and not a second more.

"She just made contact," Becca said, three of her fingers sliding effortlessly up into the chesty redhead's drooling box. Dani bit her lip to stifle a moan and she leaned back against the desk, using her trembling arms to support her weight. "She'll be cumming in a minute," Becca said and released the button. In a flash, her thumbs had guided themselves to Dani's lips and they pulled them apart, opening the pink flower before her, and they held it open as her tongue snaked out and skillfully curled around the pink pearl at the top of Dani's pussy. 

Dani moaned loudly and the secretary leisurely licked up and down the length of her slit, her left thumb leaving the snatch before her only to sink into Dani's puckered, cum-slicked ass. Dani squealed loudly, and her pussy started to twitch. The familiar feeling of continuous lightening started at Dani's toes and bolted through her body in a thick, writhing wave. Her whole body became sensitive; the hair of the secretary tickled her thighs, the conditioned air on her exposed breasts, and the feel of the manicured fingernails against her flesh set her on fire. It was the attention that her pussy was getting that really set her off, however. It was like her whole body was cunt and ass, and the probing tongue and thumb was massaging her entire body with micro-shocks and jolts that grew stronger and faster. 

Dani didn't realize she was screaming, hell, she didn't even know she had blacked out. The first thing she remembered is that she was confused as to where she was and what was going on, but the second she saw Becca's smiling face between her stretched, trembling thighs, she knew. She also knew without a doubt that the musk of cunt in the air was from her and that the pussy juice dripping from Becca's jaw was also hers.

"Mrs. Winters will see you now," Becca said demurely, her breath crashing against the soft flesh of Dani's still twitching pussy.

"Mrs. Winters has already seen you," came a familiar authoritative voice from the door way. Both heads snapped up to see their boss standing in her open office door, leaning against the frame.

"Both of you, my office, now."