 As I am always in the international chat rooms most of my friends are from overseas. And when they asked me what a aussie kiss was I thought I would write this story to show them.

* * * * *

I walk over to you and take both of your hands in mine, lifting them up to my lips, turning them and softly kissing your palms. Leading you over to the fur lying in front of the fireplace I gently lie you down onto the fur. As I stretch out beside you, I look down into your eyes and smile. Your mouth looks lush and so inviting that I lean down and softly brush my lips over yours. 

My fingers start to slowly undo the buttons of your top. We kiss for a while as my tongue explores your mouth the tip of my tongue runs along the ridges of the roof of your mouth. I sigh and slowly start to kiss along your jaw to your ear, kissing the tender spot behind your ear as my tongue moving out to caress it. 

I softly nibble on your earlobe, my hands undoing the last button to your shirt. Moving it slowly up your abdomen and stomach my finger tips brush over your skin in a feather light caress. My lips creep down your neck nuzzling it all the way, as my hand slowly goes closer to your breasts. My fingers gently graze the bottom of your breasts. I start to trail hot wet kisses down your throat. 

My index finger trails a spiral pattern around your breast moving in towards your areola. I start to lightly kiss over your chest my tongue stopping to trace your collarbone. My finger tip brushes lightly over your nipple and it hardens under my touch. I continue kissing my way down to your other breast, my tongue slowly drawing lazy patterns around your areola not quite touching your nipple. 

My fingers softly tease one of your nipples rolling it between my fingers, as my tongue flickers over the other. I wrap my lips around your nipple and softly suck on it. Using my tongue I roll it around in my mouth, gently pulling it back with my teeth and letting it slide through them grazing it softly. I continue to suck and lick your nipple teasing it with my tongue as I slowly run my fingers down your abdomen and over your stomach in a feather light caress. 

Your skin is warm underneath my fingers tips, like soft silk, it quivers where my hands brush past. They slowly make it further down until they brush over your mound, I start to trail kisses down your stomach enjoying the feel of your warm skin on my lips, and then down your abdomen, my tongue moving out to taste your salty skin. My hands slowly move down further brushing over your inner thigh to your knee then slowly back up your inner thigh again. My lips reach your pussy at the same time as my hand does. I crouch down in front of it and spread your legs a little, looking at your glistening lips in the firelight. I breath in the sweet smell and move my head closer, my mouth hover above you my breath warm on your sex. 

I slowly move my tongue out to run down along your lips then back up again, gently rubbing it over your clit. My hands caress your inner thigh as my tongue slowly circles around your clit, flicking it feeling it throb under my tongue. Reaching up with my hand I slide two fingers deep inside you, my crotch tingles at the sweet sound of your soft moans. I wrap my lips around your clit sucking on it, my fingers slowly sliding in and out of your wet pussy, twisting and untwisting as they do. 

I run my tongue back down your lips then up again to rub your clit a little faster. My fingers picking up in speed a little as they enter your pussy again still twisting and untwisting them. I slide a third finger in, my tongue lapping at your clit. My fingers sliding in and out of you faster and faster still twisting and untwisting as they do. 

I can feel you start to tremble over my fingers and know that you are about to cum so I run my tongue back down your lips and slide it in with my fingers. Then sliding my fingers out I reach up and softly rub your clit. Leaning forward I press my lips right against you, my tongue sliding in and out of your canal, lapping up your wonderful sweet salty juices. My finger still teasing you’re clit gently rubbing it, while I lap up all your hot wet cum. 

You tremble violently over my tongue and I continue to lap up your juices as you cum all over my face, my fingers still rub in your clit. I suck you dry then slowly kiss my way back up your body to tenderly kiss your mouth letting you taste your own nectar of the gods.