 I have the evening all planned. I bought the silk scarves especially for tonight. I leave work a little early, rushing home to prepare for her.

Just as I get the last candle lit, I hear her car pull up in the driveway. A shiver of excitement and anticipation slides through me as I race to the sofa to wait. I hear the door and start to unbutton my shirt, but before I get to the second one, I see her face. Anger masks her features and I can tell she's been crying.

All other thoughts fly from my head as I get up to ask her the problem. I barely get out "Hi" when she turns towards me and aims a glare.

"Don't," she says, voice tight with barely suppressed anger and frustration.

This unexpected turn of events has me flustered, at a loss for words. I regain myself and reach out to her. She lets her bags fall to the floor and stalks off to the kitchen. I follow, hoping the candles and dinner will lighten her mood. But it seems tunnel vision has her eye on the Vodka and nothing else as she grabs it from the freezer, forgoing a glass and drinking right from the bottle.

She turns to me, a scowl on her face. "I'm good enough to work nearly sixty hours a week, but not as a manager! Bastards! I've only been working sixty hours a week because they said I was going to get the manager position. Why else would I fucking kill myself, miss time with you? I still can't believe it!"

Understanding comes fast as I move to hug her, kiss her, anything to help ease the anger and hurt. I barely get out "Baby, I'm sorry" before she throws my hands off her and walks into our bedroom, slamming the door.

I can hear her moving things, angrily yelling and at some point the bottle breaking. I stand outside the door, stunned. These 3 minutes haven't gone as I planned at all. I lightly knock on the door. A shout from the other side of the door has me wincing and backing away a little.

"I don't want to talk right now. Just..." she breaks off, sighing heavily. The door opens just a crack but I don't try to get any closer. "Just leave me alone for a couple minutes," she says, obviously trying for a semblance of calm.

I nod, even though I know she can't see me, trying to hold in my tears of frustration and turn from the door. I can hear her sigh heavily, hesitate and close the door. 

I walk away, heading into the kitchen and start packing dinner away. I'm sure it'll be just fine tomorrow. I clean up and go around putting out candles. In the living room, sitting on the sofa I flop back with a sigh and feel the bag I hid there.

Pulling it out, I smile lightly, thinking of what I had planned. I feel tears prick my eyes again, feeling the soft silk slide through my fingers, missing the opportunity. After a minute, I realize; she didn't want to talk... that didn't mean I can't continue my other plans.

Smiling a little to myself, I take the other bag and head to the bathroom. I carefully get dressed, enjoying the fabric as it slides over my skin, the luxurious feel of it new and exciting. I can't help admire it, nodding my head once with approval when I see how the outfit looks on me. I put my other clothes back on over my new outfit and grab the scarves.

I tiptoe to our door, listening. I don't hear her in there anymore so I take a deep breath and knock on the door. Knowing she'd come open it, I made sure one of the scarves was around my neck, easily seen. She opens the door and sees me. Her mouth opens, about to say something and I shake my head, placing a finger over her lips.

I can see the pinched expression on her face quickly change to one of confusion as I push my way into our bedroom. Before she can begin to speak again, I kiss her. She's stiff at first, obviously trying to hold onto her earlier anger, but it doesn't take long to have her moan softly and deepen the kiss, a demanding hand sliding into my hair. After a moment she pulls back, features softened, about to speak again.

Most likely an apology, judging my her contrite expression.

I again shake my head and shush her with a quick kiss, licking along her bottom lip as I pull away. I slowly slide the scarf from around my neck. Warm silk is wrapped around her wrist and I press myself against her, kissing her again and moving towards our bed.

She sits down as it hits the backs of her legs and I'm on her lap an instant later, threading my hands into her hair, holding the back of her head steady as I take advantage with soft kisses, peppered with hard, biting kisses that have her panting and grabbing at my ass with both hands. 

I kiss her again before she can attempt speaking, only breaking the kiss to lightly nibble her bottom lip, sucking it between my own for a moment. "Shhhh," I whisper, licking along her slack mouth. She moans softly again, her hands roaming over my back and ass, pulling me closer.

I have another scarf tucked into my shirt. Pulling back from her, I pull that one from its hiding spot and that goes around her other wrist with a loose, lazily looped knot.

One dark eyebrow raises, silently questioning me. I just grin at her and kiss her again. My tongue slides across her teeth as I roll my hips, gently rocking against her. I hear another moan and I carefully pull away, standing up. I lean down and use my hands to guide her back on the bed, near the middle and up near the pillows.

Before she can settle, I grab her shirt and pull it off over her head. I pause a moment to enjoy the view before moving on to remove her bra. I gently cup each breast, enjoying their warm weight in my hands as I bend over and give each nipple a soft kiss. I can't resist letting my tongue slide out, flicking across each, watching them both harden and peak, pebbled and glistening with saliva.

I move on, nuzzling warm skin and softly kiss between her breasts, lingering just a moment. I smile as she arches into me, her hands sliding along my upper arms. I continue on, up onto her collar bone, lower jaw, behind her ear; hitting all the spots I know will make her wet and pant for more. My tongue flicks over her earlobe before grazing my teeth across it in a way I know drives her crazy. A hitched breath and she's no longer tense.

She pliant and panting, hands demanding and adoring.

My hands are still on her breasts, my thumbs tracing lazy circles over each nipple. She moans and reaches for my shirt, but I shake my head and put her hands back down. She tries to reach for me again, a slight furrow to her brow and I lightly slap her away with a shake of my head and a secret smile.

Understanding spreads across her face and her eyes practically twinkle as she settles back, expression heated and expectant.

I get close enough to work her belt open, working the button and zip down. I lean down, letting my warm breath bathe her stomach and slide her pants down and off. She helps, kicking them away with eagerness that almost has me laughing.

I get pull them the rest of the way off, tossing them to the floor and forgetting about them. I kneel on the bed and wrap my hands around one of her feet, kneading the arch and kissing the tops. I smile at the groan she makes, looking up at her through my lashes and winking. I know exactly what the image does to her; I glance up and huff out a breath across her toes when I see her wriggling into the bed, her hips squirming as she tries to get her thighs tight and rubbing just right.

I work my way up her leg, lingering slightly on her inner thigh, kneading it with my hands and mouth. I continue upwards, kissing across her hip and belly, tongue making circles around her navel and smacking a wet kiss on it. We share a breathless laugh before I move on, kissing up between her breasts again, up her neck and chin to finally land on her mouth.

She reaches up, kissing me passionately. Her fingers slide through my hair as she clings to me, kissing me and stroking the shell of my ears with her thumbs. The warm smile on her face sets my pulse raising and my stomach fluttering. But I'm not done yet; I have plans and I will see them through. I slide my hands down her arms, circling her wrists with my hands.

I gently grasp one of her hands in mine and adjust the silk scarf on her wrist. I shift so I'm straddling her and I can reach the headboard. I make my idea known and she smiles and nods, straining upwards just enough to give me a heated kiss before settling back against the pillows.

Within seconds, I have both of her hands tied. I slide down her body, retracing my earlier route downwards, lingering just a little at the edge of her panties, planting a wet kiss right above the elastic on the way down and off the bed.

Making sure she can see me, and I have her full attention, I slowly unbutton my shirt, revealing my new outfit underneath. At first only the dark red of the laces are seen. I let my shirt fall off and I reveal the corset I got just for her. I can tell she likes it; her eyes widen a little, her tongue slides along her lower lip and she wriggles against the bed again.

The color is flattering on me and the top pushes my breasts up and together, almost obscenely so. I walk closer to the bed, sliding my hands up and down my hips. Our eyes meet. I splay my fingers out over the smooth satin, enjoying the soft slide against my palms as I work down, unbuttoning my pants. I ease the zipper down and slowly spread the zipper open, just a quick peek. 

Blood red lace peeks out.

Her eyes are glued to me, her fingers clench on nothing and her toes curl. I slide my pants down, turning around and bending at the waist so she can see my ass, enjoy the way the lace molds to my softness and ample curves. I kick off the pants and turn again, moving to stand over her. I reach into the corset and slide another silk scarf out, enjoying the feel of the fabric whispering over my breasts.

I caress her once again, sliding my hand down her body as I move to the foot of the bed. I sit on the edge, facing her, and carefully wind the scarf around one ankle. I again look at her, the question obvious, and she swallows hard and nods.

I'm quick to work her panties off, unabashedly fondling her as I do so. I slide the other scarf out and tie her other leg down, taking my time, hoping she's enjoying it. I settle myself at the edge of the bed, between her splayed open legs and caress her leg, crawling up her prone body, trailing my nails along her skin. I watch as it breaks into goosebumps and her head thumps back into the pillows with a moan.

I lean down and whisper into her ear "Still don't want to talk, baby?" a wicked smile on my lips.

She smiles and nods.

I expected little else; so I lean back in to tease at her ear with the tip of my tongue, nipping the shell of it and enjoying the drawn out moan that it elicits. I pull away just enough to reach the beside table, opening the small drawer, her eyes on me. I open it and pull out a small pink vibrator. 

My favorite one. 

I click it on, enjoying the sharply inhaled breath from her, the way she licks her lips with anticipation. I trail it up her side, teasing up the generous swell of her breast before resting it against one erect nipple. The other I cover with my mouth, lightly sucking and flicking it with my tongue.

I can feel her writhe under me; I move the vibrator down to her tummy to lightly rest against her lips. Moaning, she moves her hips against it, rolling and trying to get it placed just right. I tsk lightly and move it down to her inner thigh before turning it off. She starts to pout but stops, watching me as I shift position, moving atop her. I slowly, deliberately roll my hips, pressing down against hers. Moving hard and fast along her body, hands gripping her hips and using her for a moment.

I bury my face in her neck and still with an effort, laying flush along her body. I lift my hips and slide my panties off and down, sliding them off one foot and catching them in my hand with a neat flick. I lean down again, kissing her, sliding across her jaw to whisper "I've been wearing these all day, thinking about you." I let the soft, silky fabric slide across her body, up her neck, over her mouth.

"See?" I murmur, heat prickling through me when she moans and mouths enthusiastically at the bundle. I can't help pressing my hips against her, heat tingling through my core and thighs at the pressure. "Mmmm... I didn't want my plans to go to waste." I press myself closer to her body, wrapping my arms around her neck. "I'm so sorry you had a bad day, baby." I let my hand come down and caress her face and lean in to nuzzle her neck.

Whispering, softer, into her ear "Do you know what I have in mind?" I feel her nod against me. "Good." I lightly bite her ear and pull away. 

I slide down her body, settling myself just inside her spread legs once more. I lift my legs, resting them on her and open myself to her rapt gaze. I place the vibrator next to me for later and spread my pussy with my first two fingers, using my thumb to tease at my clit for a moment. Keeping her in my sight, her gaze intent on my pussy and hand, I let my fingers glide over my clit. I know how much she enjoys watching this and sometimes that gets me off almost as much as the physical touch.

I press along the side, round in circles. My eyes half close, I press and rub, circling and stroking harder and faster until I come. It doesn't take long I'm so worked up.

She moans as I brush against her legs. I open my eyes, smiling lazily at her. I slide my fingers inside myself, wetting them thoroughly. I bring them to my mouth and suck them dry as she watches, tonguing them obscenely. I lean forward, settling myself between her spread thighs and firmly kiss her damp lips, tongue flicking out to tease the moist folds. I moan softly as I taste her, slowly sliding my tongue inside in teasing flicks and jabs. I pull away and kiss down her thighs, my hands sliding along her hips and across her tummy before returning my mouth where it wants to be.

She moans unashamedly as I bring my flattened tongue up over her clit, slowly dragging it down to lap at her wet pussy eagerly. She writhes as much as her bonds allow, bringing her hips up into my face. I slide my tongue inside her again, swirling around her delicious inner walls before returning to her clit. 

I slide a finger in and wrap my mouth around her clit, sucking it into my mouth, gently rolling my tongue over it. She keens, knees twitching in towards my head as I work on her. She gasps and moans as she comes, hips bucking up hard into my face.

I keep going, knowing she can come again. It doesn't take long-a few more hard thrusts of my fingers and swirling licks of my tongue-and she's coming again, practically drenching my hand. I slow my movements, relishing each stuttered breath and gasped moan as she comes once more, clamping down on my fingers with a few weak spasms before going lax.

I slowly pull away and until both of her feet and make my way back up her body. She leans up to kiss me and I meet her half-way, moaning as her mouth eagerly presses into mine, her knees clamping tight around my hips, her tongue licking in to devour me in return. Our bodies pressed together, I slide my hand up her arm and untie her hand.

She immediately brings it down, presses between my shoulder blades to press our bodies closer. I untie her other wrist and both hands are on me, roaming my body with soft but demanding touches.

I moan softly into her mouth, my body tingling wherever her hands go. 

She flips us, laying over me. Smiling down at me, she leans over and whispers in my ear "I'm home, baby."

I can't help but giggle and wiggle under her. Even if it's a little late, I'm so pleased to see her smiling again. "Hi," I say in return. I feel a little silly but the goofy grin she sends in return is worth the moment. She nibbles along my neck and my giggles fade into moans as she licks and nibbles behind my ear, down my shoulder. Pinning my arms down, her nails lightly scratch down them and my fingers twitch as I writhe under her.

Frowning, she looks down at my corset. Before I know it, she's turned us over again, so I'm on top straddling her hips. It doesn't take long for her to find the silk cording binding the corset on me. With a sharp pull, the laces loosen enough for her to slide the corset off me.

"That's better," she breathes, eyes roaming and her hands caressing my newly freed breasts. She quickly sits up, mouth replacing her hands on my breasts.

I slide my hand up her back, her neck to settle on the back of her head. My hands burrow into her hand, lightly fisting the soft strands to hold her to me.

At this rate, we're not leaving the bed until morning.