 My stomach churned as I heard a solid knocking on the door. Each thump from the wood created another somersault in the pit of my gut. Needless to say, I was nervous. It was my oldest friend, from elementary to our final year in highschool. Like most friendships ours fell out after we went to separate colleges and talked less and less. I hadn't seen her for the better parts of two years, and yet now here she is knocking on my front door. 

I guess I should begin with introductions. My name is Tahlia Kimura, my father is Japanese and Mother Portuguese. When they married in America they opened a restaurant that very quickly grew into a successful chain and now I'm their only child born into a millionaire's life. I lived most my life pampered in mansions, and vacation homes around the world. I had to fight my parents to go to public school, where I met her. Hannah Mayfield. We met in third grade and had been best friends ever since. 

She was the opposite of me. An adventurous, poor, all-American tomboy, who's idea of fun was playing in the mud, compared to, me, the millionaire's shopaholic daughter. I'd always cared for her and spent as much time with her, but it wasn't till high school before I realized I have stronger feelings for her. Or at least had, I don't anymore. I'd never want to jeopardize our relationship with something as dumb as a crush. Although I remember how cute she was in school, Her brown hair cut short, freckles, and a pair of buck teeth that were somehow adorable. I shake my head pushing out the feelings as I take a deep breath in and pull open the door. My jaw dropped as I looked at my old friend. 

"Tally!" She called out in her southern accent, throwing down her luggage and her arms around me. She was just so...different. Her hair was longer and curly, she kept the freckles, but her body had grown out so much more attractively. She let go of me and took a step back with a beaming smile. Her bright blue eyes were piercing as she blew a lock of her brown hair out of her face. 

"Hannah, you look so." I paused looking for a word as she broke off our embrace. "Different." I said truthfully. 

She gave me a half cocked smile and snorted a bit with her laugh. 

"And is that a bad thing?" she asked putting her hand on her hips sarcastically.

"You're gorgeous!" I said without thinking. I realized what I said and was hoping my face wasn't red. 

"Awwww" she said playfully pushing my shoulder back. "Well ain't you gonna show me around?" 

"Huh? What, oh, uh yeah." I tried to laugh and play it off. "Yeah c'mon in" I stepped out of the way as she stepped inside, setting her luggage against the wall in the entrance she continued walking in as I noticed she wore the same thing she always used to wear. A flannel with jeans tucked into her cowgirl boots. She let out a soft whistle as she looked around the house I was in. 

"So this is the famous L.A. vacation home?" She said as she held out her arms twirling about until she collapsed on a couch. 

"Yeah you're finally here!" I said smiling at her. This was always my vacation home on summer breaks, whilst Hannah stayed back in North Carolina for her summers. Her single mother relying on her help to raise money back at our hometown. "It only took, what? about 15 years?" 

"Give or take." She said leaning her head back over the couch to look at me upside-down. I shut the door and walked towards and then around the couch and sat next to her pulling my feet up and tucking them behind me.

"How can you not be hot in those jeans?" I asked surprised. The L.A. heat always got to me, as I wore a cropped tank top and denim shorts. 

"Yeah I was thinking of changin' but I figured we ought to talk first." we both laughed at her statement. "I'm gonna grab some shorts, tell me all about college!" She said as she began walking towards her things.

"Well I'm still going for physical therapy. It's going good, I think I'm going to begin an internship soon and hopefully that'll go well. But you know school is school. What um." I stopped as she walked back towards me pulling up a pair of her own denim shorts. I watched as they slid up her deliciously thick thighs. "Um, what about you?" I asked trying not to stutter. "You probably want a drink or something!" I said quickly getting to my feet. "I am a terrible host!" I said rushing to behing the bar into the kitchen area.

Hannah laughed at me sitting back down kicking her now bare feet up on the coffee table. "Tally please, you're fine. I drank a bit on the plane ride here I wanna hear all about your fun college stories. Yah know? The crazy parties, prankin' the dean, sleepin' with other girls, the weekends of binge drinkin'." she said her half cocked smile returning. I blinked rapidly, there was no way she had heard I had tried doing, things, with other girls. Right?

"Uh haha, no that's not really what college is like." I took two beer bottles out of my fridge, I remembered it was her favorite kind from when we were younger and had to sneak it. "I mean there's been some parties here and there. You know some nice night clubs around town, but nothing to crazy." She shrugged her shoulders as she heard my response.

"Always was a shut in." she stuck her tongue out at me. I was now back to her and handed her a bottle. She smiled happily at it, twisting the top off and drinking it back. "So while I'm here we're gonna have to live it up alright?" she pointed a finger at me. "Clubbing, binge drinkin', all that crap." She took another swig. "But for now, I guess I should get all my crap out of your front entrance and into my room right?"

"Oh, right!" I say standing back up again, setting down the beer. Hannah laughed as she stood up too, taking a swig of her drink. We walked together to her luggage and I used the wheels on her suitcase to the guest room down the hall. Hannah followed me telling me about her life, how her mother's art career was beginning to take off, how her little brother had ran away for almost a week, and how she had saved up enough to buy herself her own truck. I learned from a young age offering the Mayfield family money was a touchy subject. 

I opened the door to her room. The room was simple, a large king sized bed, a desk with a computer, a bookshelf, its own closet, and a connecting bathroom. Hannah looked over the room with a look of surprise. 

"Wait this is all mine?" She asked looking at the large guest room. 

I laughed at her shocked expression. "Yeah, I thought you could handle it." I joked. 

"Well I guess." She grinned back poking my stomach. "Which side of the bed is yours? Or do I get to pick?" 

I let out a loud awkward laugh, and turn my head away flinching feeling my face burning. Hannah laughed harder and pushed me to the side before she walked out back for her beer. I followed trying to take breaths. Hannah drank and it seemed that she was looking me over and turned her head away from me. 

"So, what's a girl do for fun around here?" She asked. My head raced and my heart picked up excited. 

"I've got just the idea!" I said as a clear idea popped into my brain. "We'll have to prepare though! Here's the deal, my city, my idea, my treat!" Hannah opened her mouth to argue but I put my finger on her lips to keep her quiet. I realized my finger sat on her thick red lips and her face was close to mine. My heart was beating for a different reason. I imagined approaching her closer, wrapping my hand around the back of her head...

She gently pushed me back, forcibly removing me from my daydream. She put her hands on her hips as if to argue but I smiled taking her hand and leading her to where she kicked off her shoes and strapped on sandals of my own. I called a cab and got ourselves two more beers to drink as we sat talking outside in the hot sun. 

I looked at myself in the fitting room mirror. The black sequin, backless mini dress hugged my body tightly. I was in love with the way it showed off my body and my C-cup breasts. I didn't need to try on the matching black high heels, I already knew they were perfect. I walked out the dressing room and knocked on Hannah's door. 

"You okay there slowpoke?" I joked through the door. 

"I'm not use to these kinda things!" She yelled back humorously. The door to her room opened and I took in a deep breath seeing her similar tight black dress. I looked as it rode up her thighs and hugged her thick butt. I felt self conscious seeing her beautiful, full body, impressive D-cups and silky brown hair. "This look good? It ain't as shiny as yours. It's also kinda expensive, I don't wanna force you to pay for this." 

I rolled my eyes. "Millionaire, remember?" I laughed seeing she was uncomfortable. "You got shoes to go with it?" I asked as she held up her platform heels as an answer to my question. I gave her a thumbs out and turned to leave, but she grabbed my shoulder and dragged me close.

"Tally, do I, uh, should I wear panties?" she asked awkwardly shifting uncomfortably. I grinned at how uncomfortable she seemed and my own body twitched excited by the thought of her going commando. I felt almost aroused at the thought and without thinking, I shut the door behind me and slid down my own panties and kicked them off with my feet.

"If I don't, you don't." I say surprising even myself. She grinned looking around and slid her own off and winked at me. 

We purchased our dresses and heels and used the bags to stuff our old clothes back in it. We dropped the bags of at my place and as the sun set we rode to the club as night time overtook the city. 

The club was loud and crowded and we danced a drank. Being attractive young girls we were easily the first served at the bar. Hannah wanted to order a simple drink but I forced her down the route of shots. We danced and as Hannah drank more I made sure to keep the high riding dress from revealing too much. I laughed with her as we danced to the loud bass heavy music.

The rays of sun peaked through the blinds of my room hitting my face waking me up. I was still in my dress with one heel kicked off. I raised my head up and looked down at my dress, it rode up to my stomach exposing my body fully. I realized the door was open and if Hannah had came in. My face burned again just at the thought and I rolled myself out of bed and I undid the straps on my heel and threw it to the side and stretched. My head softly pounded and I took the ibuprofen from my dresser and took two, my normal routine. I shut the door and took off my dress and threw on a pair of panties along with shorts and a tank top. I walked to Hannah's room with the bottle of ibuprofen and knocked on the door and it swung open. 

"Hannah?" I asked calling out her name. The room was empty, her dress laid on the bed. My eyes drifted to her opened suitcase, her contents were thrown to the side and I looked back on her bed to see a vibrator lying amongst the sheets. I stared at it looking around I walked to the bed looking at it. It was simple and a cheap kind compared to the expensive varying types I had buried in my closet. I picked up hers gently and my face burned red as I pictured Hannah, my long time friend, using it passionately. I try to resist temptation but I brought it up to smell it. The smell is sweet and something familiar. I realize what I was doing and I dropped it on the bed, covering it up to prevent Hannah from any embarrassment, I called out her name again, louder, and I heard her muffled response from the bathroom. 

"In here!" She called out. 

"I brought some ibuprofen for you." I said trying to talk loud enough for her to hear me, but not loud enough to hurt her head. 

"For the love of God, get in here!" She said and mustered up a feeble laugh. I opened the door and I immediately straightened up seeing as she was naked in the large bathtub. She had a wet washrag over her face and rested her head on the back of the tub. I looked through the water to her beautiful naked body. She was completely shaved and her skin seemed soft. 

Hannah held out her hand and I poured four pills into her open palm. She took them without waiting for a drink.

"How can you handle this kinda thing?" she asked, with a tinge of jealousy. 

"Experience. Lots and lots of water, a hangover is all about being dehydrated." I explained to her honestly. She smiled under her rag and peeked from under it, grabbing my hand and squeezing it appreciatively. 

"It's a big bathtub, feel free to jump on in." She offered, but the tone in her voice made it seem like a joke. 

"I know a nice smoothie bar, I'll get some pastries for breakfast and a smoothy just for hangovers." 

"Tally, I love you." She said as she readjusted herself in the tub. 

"Yeah, yeah, love you too." I say as I walk out. I really did.

Hannah laid on her back on my couch as she had finished her breakfast. Her hangover had begun to die down and she had dressed herself. I assumed her vibrator had been tucked back into the suitcase and I wondered if she used it possibly while I was gone. I pushed the thought out of my head. 

"Anything here to do that will avoid drinking?" She asked. "I'm never drinking again." I looked at her.

"I'm going to throw that back in your face, I hope you know." She sat up rubbing her eyes trying to ignore me. 

"I mean, you've got a pool." she suggested.

"And a sauna" I added in. 

I changed into my bathing suit as Hannah did the same and we met out in the back by the swimming pool. She sat there as the sun played off her tanned skin. Her feet played in the water as I came up behind her. 

"Look at this!" She exclaimed at her holding her arms up to her stomach she was complaining about the difference in her skin color from the tan. She looked at my skin "At least you don't gotta worry about this." She stuck her tongue out at me. "Although we're alone on private property, and I don't feel like worryin' about tan lines." She took off her swimsuit top exposing her breasts as they bounced as she slid off her swimsuit bottom. She stood in front of me naked and I tried to avoid staring at her body. My hands shook as I took off my own swimsuit and stood equally naked in front of her. 

"Come here." She said drawing me closer. My heart pounded as I approached her, my hands shook as she put her hands on my shoulders. She smiled and snorted a laugh as she shoved me into the cool water. I fell hitting hard into the water as I sunk. Hannah dived in too and I swam to the surface as Hannah surfaced as well swimming towards me her wet hair plastered to her body. She laughed at me as I tried to warm up. 

"My wrist hurts, I landed on it funny." I said holding it as she swam to me.

"Really? I'm sorry if I ha-" I cut off her sentence by putting my hands on her heads and pushed her under the water, dunking her. I backed up as she surfaced coughing. 

"That's it, you're dead!" She yelled at me and chased me in the water. 

We swam in the pool splashing and fighting each other. It was like we were back in my personal pool when we were kids. We wrestled, forgetting we were naked under the water. All the swimming and pushing each other around we quickly grew tired and worn out. I offered her the sauna and we grabbed towels, wrapping ourselves in them, and entered my sauna. 

She sat on the bench and leaned against the wall as I turned on the heat and I removed my towel like how Hannah already did. I sat next to her, trying not to sit to close to her. Hannah smiled at me with her always white teeth. 

"I never mentioned how much I like about your tattoos." She said to me pointing to the flowery tattoo that stretched up the back of my leg, around to my back, wrapping across to my upper body that led up to my neck. "It's so pretty." She added. I tried to stop myself from blushing, a common occurrence around Hannah now. 

"Thanks, it would look better on your type of body." I said, honestly not even trying to hit on her. She looked at me and took my hand softly. 

"Thanks Tally."

We left the sauna and got changed, me putting on a tight tank top and mini skirt to go with it. We decided on going out for lunch to a local diner. It was a more upscale diner and I sat with a sandwich, while Hannah ate her own salad. She felt more comfortable around me, and I felt a stronger connection between us, more than friendship. I could have been imagining it, but Hannah seemed more comfortable around me, willing to talk to me about her older sister, who passed away in the military less than a year ago. Hannah had already came to terms with it, she was much stronger than I ever would be in that situation. She told me about my childhood horse that lived at their farm ever since I moved away. Before we talked about things that were interested in, or I talked about myself. She kept the information to only small talk before, but now she was much more willing to talk about her own personal life and feelings. We ended up at my house casually drinking as she continued to talk opening up more and more. 

I was at the fridge getting ourselves more alcohol when I asked her where she'd want to go for dinner, surprised it was already that time. Hannah was silent and I walked back out to see her softly crying. I stood in the kitchen doorways arch frozen, I'd never seen Hannah break down, so vulnerable. I approached her as she cried into her hands. I sat next to her, putting my arm around her as she laid on me crying on my shoulder. 

"I don't know what I'm even crying about!" She said letting out a rough laugh as she wiped her tears. "I've never talked that much about, well, myself in for a long time." We sit in silence as she continues wiping her tears on the summer dress she wore. "I really missed you Tahlia." She said taking me aback by using my real name and not her cutesy nickname for me. It felt like a punch to the gut realizing that as I spent my time drinking, partying, having sex, and living the rich life, I realized I abandoned my closest friend. She was stuck in her hometown, alone without her friend and then lost her sister. My eyes teared up as I realized how bad of a friend, no person, I was. 

"Hannah, I'm really sorry." I said as my eyes burned and tears rolled out. Hannah shot up straight worried. 

"What? Why?" She asked worried. 

"I abandoned you, I left you alone, I didn't, I just, I..." My voice trailed off as I looked at her. She looked at me and was going to say something to say when I leaned forward and kissed her on her lips. It was a light peck that I pulled away from immediately. My heart pounded in my ears as my body shook. I felt sickeningly worried as Hannah sat there in the silence. I wanted to say something, but my throat was dry and I couldn't think straight. Then Hannah Leaned forward herself kissing me harder than I had. She put a hand behind my head, and the other on the nape of my back as she pressed me into her. Her tongue played on the inside of my mouth and I returned the tongue play, as we broke off our kiss to readjust we continued our passionate kiss rubbing each other's bodies. She pushed me off gently as I caught my breath.

"Tally, I love you." She said genuinely. "I've always wanted to let you know, I've loved you since we met in third grade." My mouth hung a bit open as she confessed her love to me. 

"I wish we were honest about this years ago." I push her down on the couch as she laid back and I pressed my body on hers kissing her harder than she expected. She had never been with a female before, and this was something I was confident in. I pushed myself up off her again. 

"C'mon." I took her hand and led her back into my messy room. She was prepared to say something but I threw her onto the bed and jumped my legs on either side of her. I leaned back to kiss her, playing with her warm tongue. I slid my hands under her summer dress rubbing the sides of her torso and reaching her breasts. She unknowingly teased me all day by not wearing a bra, and made it easy to grab handfuls of her large breasts. I used my thumbs to circle her nipples as they grew hard while I gently squeezed her breasts. Her own hands snaked on my upper thighs, rubbing them softly as I felt my vagina grow wet and the juices drip down my legs on her hands. I broke off the kiss and pulled the dress up and over her and slid her panties off. 
