 Her Story

I never ever thought of myself as a lesbian. I went to an all-girls camp for 13 years and, although I made some life-long friends, I was always completely heterosexual. I have seen many a pair of breasts and a lot of vaginas in my life, but I never felt attracted to them, ever, until now. And I don't even think that the physical part is what attracted me to Sonny. It was more the sense of sisterhood that I felt. She had warmth that was infectious. The interaction between us seemed to occur so innocently, so unplanned, and so naturally. It certainly wasn't part of my plans when I left the house that fateful evening. But it happened and I can't get it out of my mind.

I had some vacation time left so I thought I would go visit my cousin in southern California, Newport Beach, to be exact. I would get in on Wednesday night. Since my cousin was married to a doctor and worked as his medical secretary, I would have to find something to do during the day on Thursday and Friday. They were kind enough to let me use one of their cars so I figured I would hit the local mall for some SoCal shopping. I'm sure I would find some things that weren't available back east.

We had dinner and talked about all the things cousins who haven't seen each other in a while talk about: our own immediate families as well as the family we have in common, like our other cousins and aunts and uncles. We talked and talked until my cousin announced that she and her husband had to go to work the next day, so it was time for them to turn in. I was tired from my traveling so I went to bed as well.

By the time I got up on Thursday morning, my cousin and her husband had gone to work. She left me a note telling me that they would be home around six o'clock and we would go out for dinner. I had my morning coffee out on the deck and contemplated my day. The mall was still my destination. I showered and dressed, choosing a "barely-there" bra, my usual "smallest-thong-in-the-world", a t-shirt, and a pair of loose-fitting shorts. Knowing that I might be trying on clothes, I didn't want to make it a chore to get undressed in the store. I wanted to be as comfortable as possible. I put on a pair of sandals and headed off to the mall.

The directions to the mall were easy. I left my cousin's subdivision and headed onto the freeway. The exit for the mall was only a mile or two away. I looked for the sign for the mall exit. There was a sign coming up. I didn't want to miss the exit so I was really paying attention. I read the sign, expecting directions to the mall but it said "Newport Beach Mall, 1st Exit, Laguna Niguel, 2nd Exit." I was almost struck by lightning. "Laguna Niguel?" 

I took the second exit and pulled over as soon as I could. I started to sweat. I grabbed my handbag and started to rummage around in it. I found what I was looking for. My hand trembled as I read Sonny's business card. "If you're ever in Laguna Niguel, give me a call," Sonny said before we parted company. I looked at my watch. It was 9:00 in the morning. I reached for my cell phone and started to dial the phone number on the card. What if she answered? What would I say?

The phone began to ring. My heart was in my stomach. I was as nervous as a schoolgirl on her first date.

"Hello," said a voice I could never forget.

"Susan?" I said.

"Yes, this is Susan. Who's this?"

"You said that if I was ever in Laguna Niguel, to give you a call!"

She recognized my voice immediately and responded with "Oh, My God! Where are you?"

I looked around for a landmark and told her where I was. She said that I was only ten minutes away from her house and she gave me directions, telling me to beep my horn twice when I reached her house and she would open her gate.

"See you in a few minutes," she said in a sweet upbeat voice.

Her directions took me to a shoreline road that overlooked the Pacific. As the road began, the view of the ocean was absolutely breath taking. I came up on a row of houses on the ocean side of the road that all had tall fences, protecting the privacy of what were obviously expensive homes. The numbers on the mailboxes got closer and closer to the number I was looking for: 9214 Pacific Shore Road. And there it was, number 9214, painted on a mailbox along with a picture of a stylized sun. How fitting! With a little bit of a tremble in my hand, I pushed the horn button on my steering wheel twice, announcing my arrival. The gate, appearing almost hidden in the fence, began to open slowly, electrically. The opening of a gate into a secret enclave created a drama in my mind. What was behind this tall fence? Was it foreboding or was it exciting? Did I have a fear of the unknown or did I know what to expect?

I pulled my car down a very short driveway and there, before me, was the cutest little California cottage house, surrounded by palms and beautifully managed trees and plants. The front door opened at out bounded Sonny. She was tanned and blonde, with only the smallest amount of makeup on. She was wearing a pair of the shortest shorts I'd ever seen. The waistband dipped down, well below her pierced belly button, riding on the top of her pubic mound. Her top looked like well-worn tee shirt that had been cut right up the center and then tied in a knot, providing a very modest amount of support for her pendulous breasts. What was very obvious was her incredible cleavage and the little sun tattoo on her left breast that I saw when we first met.

Tattoos never really did anything for me until I saw Sonny's little sun. At first, I didn't think much of it but the more I looked at it, the hotter I thought it was. I guess it's a context issue. As she approached me, I could also see her formidable nipples, with their gold ring piercings, pressing against the thin fabric she was wearing. Sonny reached out to me, her arms open wide, and gave me a big hug.

"I'm so glad to see you again," she said, with a genuine exuberance and warmth that was almost overwhelming.

"I'm glad to see you as well," I replied, somewhat stiffly. I reciprocated her hug, wrapping my arms around her. It was at that moment that any anxiety about where I was and what might happen left my body. I took in the softness of her embrace, the intoxication of her smell, and the sexuality of her body all at once. I was in love with Sonny, like a schoolgirl crush. Wherever the day led, I was willing to go.

We stood there for almost a minute, each with a head on the other's shoulder, arms wrapped around each other. As we began to separate, my right cheek brushed hers. Our lips were only a fraction of an inch apart. I knew this was the moment for action. Would I do it? Could I do it?

I pressed my lips against hers in a surface kiss, just our lips touching, mouths still closed. I couldn't help myself. I pushed against her using my tongue to break the seal of her lips. Her mouth opened and I stuck my tongue into her mouth. Our earlier friendly hug turned into a passionate embrace. We French-kissed like two teenagers, hungry for each other, bathing in our own saliva as it dripped from our mouths.

I couldn't breathe. Her long tongue invaded my mouth and wrestled against mine. Finally, we broke our embrace at precisely the same moment, stepping back and, spontaneously we both burst out laughing.

"Now, that's an interesting way to start the day," Sonny said, her face flushed with excitement.

"I, I, I'm sorr..." I began to say but Sonny put her hand over my mouth.

"Don't be," she said. "If you hadn't initiated it, I would have. I knew the moment I heard your voice on the phone that this would be the way our day began. Come on, let's have some coffee out on my deck and plan our day." 

Her house had a deck that hung over the Pacific. The house itself was an adorable cottage decorated in a fusion of Cape Cod and American Southwest. White bead board walls and ceilings, multi-pane Cape-style windows, with turquoise and peach accents in the drapes, pillows, and furniture. The house was so bright and cheery and friendly, with high ceilings, ceiling fans that might have been in "Casablanca", and lots of plants. I don't think I could have added anything to it. It was perfect. The sides of the deck began at the roofline of the house and gradually tapered down to a height that allowed a view of the coast in both directions, still affording all the privacy you could want. The deck was furnished with a couple of tables with umbrellas, some very comfortable chaises and chairs, and, of course, the requisite California hot tub.

"Cappuccino, OK?" Sonny asked.

"That would be wonderful," I said. Sonny had a great espresso cappuccino maker, just like you see in a European café. With the deftness of a "barrista" at Starbucks, Sonny made cappuccino, replete with a thick foamy head and poured it into two delicate little cups that had the same sun design that was on her breast.

"Let's go outside."

I followed her out onto the deck where we sat next to each other on a small bench at the edge of the deck, watching the surf roll in onto the narrow beach below. The wind was blowing a gentle warm breeze. It was a beautiful day. The cappuccino was delicious.

"My day is yours," Sonny said. "I'm off until Monday. Is there anything special you'd like to do?"

As she spoke, the breeze, as warm as it was, gave me a little chill. Goose bumps appeared on my arms. "I have to be back at my cousin's by 6:30. Otherwise, I have nothing really in mind." That was a lie. The last time I saw Sonny was in New England in the low light of a bar and at our summer rental, by the soft light from candles and the fireplace. As I looked at her now, I saw how very pretty she really was. How sincere her smile was, with her white teeth contrasted against her golden skin. I watched her chest expand and relax as she breathed, her breasts pushing against the fabric of her t-shirt top. The pair of shorts she was wearing formed a cameltoe where her legs met. There couldn't have been any panties under those shorts. It was as if I had x-ray vision and could see her pussy right through the material of the shorts. The waistband on her shorts was only inches above the gash created by the tight shorts against her labia. There couldn't be any pubic hair down there. It would show. My mind was beginning to fill with fantasies about our sexual tryst and how spontaneous and exciting it was.

"We can just hang out here," Sonny offered, putting her hand on my bare leg. I almost jumped from the touch of her hand. It felt so hot. Her hand rested on my knee and, then, almost imperceptibly, she moved it to my inner thigh. An electric shock went from that erogenous zone simultaneously to my heart and to my crotch. My heart began to beat a mile a minute and my crotch started to throb. I knew, at least at that moment, Sonny was not making any kind of sexual overture. The gentle way her hand fell on my knee and its slight movement to my inner thigh was just the way she "talked." You know how some people express themselves with their hands. They have to touch you when they talk to you. How offensive that can be! But not when Sonny's talking to you.

"Our meeting at Michel's was kismet, I think. Meant to happen," Sonny said. "When I first saw you walk in, I knew that there was something that connected us. If we hadn't spoken at the bar, I would have found a way to talk to you. I couldn't have made the evening go any better than it did. When I left you that night, my body was alive and tingling with excitement. When I got back to my motel, I couldn't help myself. Although I had at least two orgasms at your house, I masturbated, thinking about you, wondering if we would ever see each other again. I came again. Since then, every time I play with myself, I see your face and feel your touch."

"I've thought of you as well," I responded with my heart pounding so hard, Sonny must have been able to see it. "The few moments we spent together were unlike any experience I've ever had. It felt so natural when we touched, when we kissed, and when made love to each other. But it happened so quickly. That was the amazing thing. It was as if I was caught up in a tornado, like in "The Wizard Of Oz." What was happening was beyond my control but, even if I could, I didn't want it to stop. I knew I was going to have sex that night but I never expected that it would be quite like that. I've never been with a woman before. After you left, I couldn't get you out of my mind. My husband and I went straight to the bedroom. I didn't want him where you had been. My pussy was throbbing so. I told him I wanted him in my ass. Of course, he had no problem with fucking me anally. He filled me up with his cock, but you were on my mind. The intense orgasm I had was because I was thinking of you."

"I remember the buttplug you had in your ass. I thought that was really, really hot. I knew you were something special," Sonny said with a big smile. "I want you to know that what happened, happened because it was "magic." I admit that there are times when I might be on the prowl, looking to hook-up with someone and that someone is almost always a guy. I've been known to do a one-night stand on occasion when there isn't a regular guy in my life. But women aren't my focus, not to say that I haven't been with women in the past or won't be with women in the future. Fun is fun and when I want to have fun, well, what ever it takes, as they say." Sonny reached over and kissed me gently on the lips. "Look, all this conversation about our time together in New England is turning me on. Let's just enjoy our day together. We'll have a few laughs and some fun. How about we just relax for a while and get some sun?"

I was getting turned on, as well. I thought it was a good time to slow things down and enjoy the day and see where it led us. "Sounds good to me, Sonny."

Sonny set up two chaises side by side, facing in the right direction to get the benefit of the hot California sun.

"My neighbors next store may drop by later, They know that I'm off until Monday. They're a sweet couple, Bill and Adam. They've been together for about four years. They're great fun to talk to and be with. They come over to sunbathe with me. I hope you don't mind."

If they are friends of yours, then how could I not like them? I said. 

"Good. As I said, they might be by. I just didn't want you to be surprised. Tell you what. You make yourself comfortable out here. I'm going to get us some fruit for us to snack on. I have some honeydew, cantaloupe, and some strawberries. How's that sound?"

I wanted to make a comment about the fact that Sonny's ripe melons would be enough for me but couldn't get it out.

"That all sounds great, Sonny. Can I offer you some help?'

"No, it will only take a minute. Honey, I want you to relax and just work on your tan." With that, she disappeared inside her cute cottage. I was left alone outside to set myself up for a day of warmth and relaxation. All I had was my bra and panties, which, as I mentioned before, were as skimpy as they possibly could be. I yelled to Sonny, asking her if she had a spare bathing suit. Her response was a surprise but not a shock. "Baby, this is California. You don't need a bathing suit here." Her answer went right to my crotch. I could feel a wetness developing between my legs. I was somewhat self-conscious so I took off my top, shorts, and bra but kept my thong on.

Sonny came out with a beautiful tray of fruit and put it on the table. I was enjoying the warm sun on my white New England body. I had to squint to see Sonny and the tray of fruit that she brought out. I used my hand has a sunshade and looked at Sonny. She was completely naked. Her breasts, easily a 34C or D, hung heavily on her chest. Not really heavy but their weight was evident. She had the most magnificent nipples accented by gold hoops that each had a green gemstone on a tiny chain attached to them. Her pussy was completely bare. As she bent over to put the tray down, the cheeks of her ass spread enough that I could see there wasn't any hair around her light brown asshole. It had to be waxed or lasered, because it was completely smooth.

"Are those emeralds on your nipple rings?" I asked.

"Yes. Emeralds are my birthstone. I was born in May."

"Oh my God," I said. "I was born on May 24. What's your birthday?"

Sonny's face lit up with a look of such pleasant surprise I can barely describe. "I was born on May 26," she said, gleefully. "We're both Gemini. That has to be the reason that I feel so connected to you."

"Sonny, I can only tell you that I have never felt this way about another woman in my life. I don't want to embarrass myself, but I have to tell you that I love you. I'm still trying to figure out how to define this love. I don't know if it's like being sisters or something else beyond that."

Sonny sat down next to me and looked me in the eye. "I love you, too. I'd like to show you the love that I feel for you." I was lying there with only my thong on. Sonny went down on her knees next to me and took my thong off. I was completely bare and, for a moment, I felt very vulnerable. I put my knees together so I wasn't so exposed. Sonny put her hands on my inner thighs and pushed my legs apart. I resisted, but only for a moment. I opened my legs as wide as I could. I looked down at my crotch. My shaved vagina was swollen and puffy and very wet. My clitoris was hard and sticking out like a small penis. Then, Sonny went down on me. I was speechless. She tenderly kissed my throbbing clit and then sucked it into her mouth with her soft lips. I put my hands on each side of her head and used my fingers to play with her ears and her neck. Her body was radiating such warmth, it made my hands feel hot.

My hips were rhythmically moving up and down involuntarily. Sonny caressed my clit with her tongue and then very slowly moved down until her tongue was sticking inside my very wet cunt. Her tongue felt like it was a prick penetrating me. My labia were swollen, engorged with blood that made them look purple. I could feel her vacuuming my juices out my pussy. My liquid kept coming and she kept swallowing. Her hands, which had been sensually rubbing my inner thighs, moved up to my pussy lips. She pulled my labia as far apart as she could, opening up my cunt and extending her tongue up to my cervix, or at least it felt like that!

It felt so good but I didn't want to cum. I wanted to make love to her and have orgasms with her. I needed to share this experience in every way possible. She had to stop.

"Sonny, please stop," I said. "I want to hold you and caress you and kiss you."

She gave me one last suck of my clit and looked up at me. Her mouth was covered with the juice from my cunt. We both stood up, naked bodies pressing together, and I gave her a deep kiss. My syrup was all over her face. I was delicious! We embraced, seeming to holding each other for dear life. My heart was pounding as I pressed my breasts against hers. We were so close together, I could feel her pubic mound touching mine. Our lips were locked together, our tongues in each other's mouths. Finally, we broke our grip on each other and each took a step back. I was completely flushed. We both started to laugh.

"I want to make love to you," I said to her. "I told you that before we met, I had never had any sexual contact with another woman, but there is something so special going on between us, all I can think of is making love to you. I want to touch you and feel every inch of your skin. I want to make the hairs on your body stand on end from excitement. Do you understand?"

"I feel the same about you. Whenever I've made love to another woman, it was only for my sexual gratification. But this is different." Come with me."

Sonny took me by the hand and we went into the house. A small staircase went up to the second floor. The entire second floor was her bedroom. A high king-size bed covered with crisp white sheets and a white quilt faced the ocean, looking out of a set of wide French doors. The bed had an abundance of pillows on it. Sonny opened the doors to the small deck. The bedroom was done in white beadboard with light pastel walls. On the ceiling was a fan that gently moved the warm air that filled the room. Sonny lit some scented candles that quickly filled the room with the soft smell of vanilla. I'm partial to Shalimar, which is very much a vanilla fragrance. My brain took everything in and it all went straight to my crotch.
