 This is the 2nd and last part of this series and it picks up right where I left off with part one. If you didn't read it, I'd love for you to do so...it's the best stuff I've ever written. I put a lot into writing everything because that's what you deserve...I appreciate you coming here and reading.

*****

I got VERY horny while writing this part. I did it mostly with one hand...I used my other hand to play with myself. Blue just watched me and inspired me a lot by rubbing her swollen pussy and playing with her juices, most of which were flowing down to her ass.

The elevator goes only to the penthouse...60 floors up, nonstop. We were both so fucking hot, we were oblivious to the trip.

Remember that elevator door against which I was leaning while Blue was pleasuring me so exquisitely?

It suddenly and very quickly slid open! I wrapped my arms and legs around Blue...my hand on the back of her head to protect her...and into the penthouse rolled a bundle of Blue and Sunny!

I used to be a stuntwoman, so I thought it was great fun! There we ended up...Blue was very sexy with her tux a rumpled mess...my little skirt was up around my waist, most of my long hair was in my face. I was on top of Blue and we were both laughing.

I checked her over for injuries. "Well, that WAS the most interesting almost-orgasm I've ever had! "Are you okay, baby?"

At least she was smiling. "Yes, interesting. I just wouldn't want to do it again!"

I looked into her eyes and smiled. "Amazingly, I DO have you right where I want you...under me."

Still on top of her, I sat up and threw my hair back, my bangs still hanging in my face. My eyes never left hers...I unbuttoned her shirt and undid her pants.

"Sunny, wait...I was about to make you cum! Let me finish!"

"It's okay, sweetheart...just imagine how wet I am. I love it!"

I pulled her pants off of her and lowered my pussy back down to her tummy...my hot juices immediately flooded her tummy and started flowing down to her pussy. I took her hands and leaned forward a bit...she held me up while I ground my swollen pussy on her tummy.

I placed her hands on my ass and scooched up a little, staying up on my knees...my pussy dripping nonstop onto her skin. 

Blue and I get extremely wet. That's what originally, the very first time, made us so hot for each other...then we fell in love and have been crazy in love ever since.

"Ya want my pussy, sweetheart? Look how swollen and pretty it is for you...that's Blue's pussy...it has your name on it...no one else shall ever have this good stuff."

Blue's breathing deepened. She gripped my ass harder. "Oh...Sunny...please slide up here and feed it to me? I'll suck it so hard for my baby."

Not yet...I stood and took Blue's hand, pulling her to her feet...I led her to the bed and had her sit down on the edge with her feet on the mattress railing. I had her lean back on her hands. I got on my knees in front of her and spread her legs, then gave her pussy a few very hot, very wet kisses.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh, Sunny...fuck!"

I slid my finger through up through her pussy, then looked at her while I rubbed her juices on both of my hard erect nipples. "Now, why dont you tell your hot little slut what you'd like her to do to you."

I let her watch me hold one of my breasts and suck her juices from my nipple. All she could do was sit there with her mouth open.

"What's wrong, my love? Can't talk? Hmmmm...I'll bet I can get some noise out of you..."

I buried my face between her legs, held onto her ass and flicked her clit real hard with my tongue. That worked...My Blue screamed hard.

"FUCK! SUNNY! DO ME OR I'LL DIE!!"

Now, I was in a mood to tease her...that excites me to death. I looked up her in mock amazement. "Oh! She talks!" 

I played with her pussy with my finger. 

"Want me to fuck you real good? Your bad little slut can eat you and make you cum over and over and over till you can't take any more...OR, I can hold my end of our double dildo with my pussy and fuck you real hard...deep enough to make your ears wiggle!" 

Blue's mouth was open, her head was tilted, pleadingly. She was breathing hard. I leaned back down and sucked her pussy into my mouth, my tongue gathering her juices...I brought my mouth up to hers and spread her juices all over her lips with my tongue, then gently held her face and kissed her ever-so-deeply.

Blue whimpered helplessly into my mouth...I ended our kiss, but kept our lips almost touching, my hot breath on her, my eyes looking into her eyes...I spoke some more...

"Oooooooooo! Perhaps, you'd like Baby to hold that double dildo with her ass and fuck your pussy that way...my ass slapping against you real hard...our soaking wet bodies trying to outfuck each other!"

THAT was all Blue could take...she grabbed me off my knees with both arms and leaned back on the bed, pulling me on top of her...

I dove between Blue's legs with my wide-open mouth on her pretty pussy, licking her, sucking her and tongue-fucking her! I turned around so my baby could eat me...oh fuck...she grabbed my ass and tried to devour my dripping-wet pussy, making loud slurping sounds. I came almost immediately!

Blue had my outer lips sucked into her mouth when 

I made her cum HARD! She screamed out loud with her face buried in my pussy...FUCK! I love that!

I kept sucking her and licking all of her sweet cum from her, then I kissed her pussy all over and kissed her inner thighs, sucking her skin and making her body jump...

I turned back around so I could watch her face as I went back after her...I had a firm grip on her ass and fucked my tongue as far into her sensitive pussy as I could...her body went fucking insane!

"OK FUCK!! SUNNY!!"

I loved it! I love eating her! I made my pretty Blue cum four more times in a row with no pause in between...

...then...and you won't believe this...Blue passed out. Yes...she fainted.

I didn't panic...I knew that's what it was. I stood on the bed and lifted her legs in the air, her butt just slightly off the mattress. She came back around pretty quickly.

"Sunny! What happened?"

"You fainted, baby!" 

"I remember cumming a few times."

Proudly, I informed her, "Five times! I counted!"

"Holy shit! Five times?!?!"

I helped her lie back down and got her some orange juice. Then, we cuddled a lot...mostly with our lips or foreheads, or both, touching...LOTS of soft, little kisses and licks...LOTS of caressing. Then, we fell asleep.

We woke later and I got up and went to the sliding doors to the roof and the pool. I looked out at the sunshine.

"Baby? I'm missing an awful lot of sunshine. I should be out there, working on my tan!"

"Damn, Sunny...HOW does someone with a tan as dark as yours, get darker?"

"I MIGHT get darker, and it does have to be mantained. Will you come outside and spread oil on me? And, maybe, IN me?"

Blue gave me a hot smile and followed me outside. 

I got on my tummy and spread my legs real wide.

Blue gave me a hard spank on my ass. "Omg! You're always such a slutty whore...you can never keep your legs together!"

I looked back at her and smiled, my pussy on fire from the spank she gave me. 

"My pretty baby...I'm YOUR slutty whore and ONLY yours...and I will always spread my legs for you, baby."

Blue smiled and squeezed a hard squirt of oil deep between my ass cheeks...she started teasing my ass with her finger...

I raised my pretty ass in the air for her. "Ooooooooooooo...baby...yes. I think your slutty little whore might need her ass fucked real good..."

THAT, and that alone will make me cum!

Blue purred at me and slid her finger deeeeeeeeep inside my oil-covered ass. 

"Ooooooooohhhhhh...fuck..."

My sweet baby knows just how I like my ass fucked... 

Blue gently removed her finger from my ass and stood up. "Don't move, Sunnybuns! I'll be right back!"

She ran inside the hotel room and came back with our double-dildo! YAY!

Blue smothered the large end, my end, with suntan oil, then slid it between my well-tanned ass cheeks...a shock of pleasure went straight to my pussy and my juices immediately started pouring from me...

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhh...yes, Blue...baby needs this soooooooo bad." I raised my ass in the air for her.

Blue teased my ass a little with the toy, slipping it in only a little at first...sliding it in and out of my eager ass.

"Fuck Baby's ass good, Blue...make her cum hard!" 

Some women can cum just from having their ass fucked...I'm lucky to be one of them...and Blue is so perfect...she loves my ass and takes such good care of me.

I backed my ass against the toy, wanting more...wanting more real fucking bad...

Blue wiggled the toy around a little. "Mmmmmmmmm...ya like that, baby? Would my hot little slut like to have more?"

"Fuck yes! Fuck my ass real deep! You know I can take it!"

"Oooooooooo...give your pretty ass to Blue, my baby!" Blue shoved the toy in deeper...with her other hand, she dumped the banana scented suntan oil all over her naked body and more all over mine...letting the oil run down between my ass cheeks and over my pussy...

The oil was hot as hell from sitting in the sun...Blue knew what that would do to me. FUCK! I loved it! Blue rubbed her oily body on mine...we were two hot, oily, slippery women.

Blue got a tight grip on the toy with both hands and fucked it in and out of my ass...burying it DEEP inside me each time...

"Oooooooohhhhhhh FUCK yes! Fuck baby's ass! Own me! Possess me! My ass belongs to Blue!"

I was up on my hands now...fucking back against the big toy...screaming loudly each time Blue fucked it into me...

...her hot, oily body felt so fucking good against me...I let my body fall onto my tummy so she could drape her body over mine while fucking me...I kept my ass in the air for her, my legs spread wide apart...

I was yelling and screaming...no words...just unintelligible, guttural noises...my pussy wasn't throbbing...it was POUNDING...AND BLUE WASN'T EVEN TOUCHING ME! I could feel all my juices POURING from me...so much, I could FEEL it!

Blue fucked my ass relentlessly...with no mercy...the way I fucking like it!

FUCK ME BLUE!! FUCK YOUR BABY!! I'M CUMMING!! GIVE IT TO ME!!

Blue fucked my ass harder and growled into my ear...she was claiming my ass...claiming my pussy...claiming me as her own...she knows damn well that drives me insane!

I screamed back at her...my body jumped and I came HARD AS HELL, almost throwing her off me! I was overtaken with violent spasms and I just kept cumming and cumming!

Blue didn't let up...she kept fucking me, trying to hold my body down with hers. She got a wild ride...my body was shaking like an earthquake!

My orgasm did finally end...my hips fell back down on the towel. Blue eased the big toy out of me...I just laid there, breathing hard, my legs still spread apart with my cum still oozing from me...

I couldn't talk. All I could do was make noises...

"Oooooooooooooooooooooooo hhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I had my head on the towel, my face turned toward my precious lover.

Blue kissed me passionately, then stayed close to my lips. "Feel good, baby?"

"Ooooooooooooooooooo hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Blue smiled. "Hmmm...sounds like a yes to me! I'll take it!"

"Ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Blue slid her luscious thigh over my ass and whispered...her lips still so close to mine, "Sunny belongs to Blue."

"Blue belongs to Sunny."

Somehow, we both said this together: "I love you so much, baby!"

*****

Thank-you for reading!

My love to each of you,

Sunny

Copyright 2015 Sunny Johansen