 I hope you read the other stories regarding Jenn and I and enjoyed them. This is another event that happened during the vacation that I took with Jenn.

*****

It's Monday morning ten a.m. we got to sleep in and we're off to pick up the next load. It was a short drive to the company where we were picking it up and we didn't have to wait long to be loaded. We had some fun talking with the other drivers that were there but we behaved ourselves while on company property. Now, after we got back on the road that was a different story.

During the trip for the day it was the usual flirting and flashing with other drivers on the road. We even flashed a few guys that came by in a pickup truck but they didn't have a CB. We stopped at one of those Service Areas for lunch and had some fun flashing people as we sat and ate our lunch at one of the picnic tables. Other than that the day was fairly uneventful. We only drove for nine hours that day before we pulled into a TA truck stop to spend the night. Jenn parked in the back row of the lot furthest from the building. We were backed into the space so we were facing other trucks that were also in the row of trucks.

We took a walk up to the main building so we could shower and pick up some munchies, not to mention tease the guys but that's a given. We sat in the TV room for a little while and chatted and teased the other drivers. Then, we walked back to the truck and we'd wave at the other drivers as we flashed them a little skin. When we got back to the truck we chatted with the drivers over the CB teasing and getting them horny. The drivers that were parked directly across from us were able to see right into the cab of our truck which I loved because I could sit there and flash them.

After a while of talking with them Jenn and I ended up naked and were playing with each other letting the drivers who could see us have a nice show. We were standing in front by the dashboard and Jenn was on her knees licking my pussy while I gave the drivers a lick by lick commentary of what she was doing and how good it felt which was driving them crazy. They were making comments like "Wish I was in there licking your pussy", "Do you girls want some company?" and mostly just saying they wanted a better view. Then, I pulled out the strap on and had Jenn on her knees sucking it and we got more comments wanting us to be sucking their cocks. Then, Jenn stood up and held onto the steering wheel while I started fucking her from behind and that got everyone trying to talk on the CB. All of them were complaining that they wanted a better view. 

It was pretty dark out by that time so Jenn and I decided to give them all a good show. We agreed that we would go to the back of the truck and let the drivers come and watch. "OK drivers if any of you want to get a better view then come to the back of the truck and we'll let you all watch. No one gets to join in or try and touch us or the show is over though. You are all welcome to play with yourselves though if you want. Show starts in five minutes." Jenn announced over the CB. We immediately saw some drivers starting to climb out their trucks and head towards us. Jenn and I put our shoes on got out of our truck still naked except for me wearing a strap on and we walked to the back of the truck. There were already six or seven guys back there waiting. We got a lot of whistles and catcalls but we loved it. Once the five minutes were up we again told them the rules and there were a few drivers that Jenn knew that volunteered as bouncers for us.

We started out kissing and then Jenn worked her way down my body kissing and licking. She paused a little to suck on my nipples before kissing her way down my tummy till she was on her knees with the strap on right in front of her. I ran my fingers through her hair as she started sucking on the toy. You could hear the drivers mumbling with comments wishing it was them getting sucked. Then, I held her head and started fucking her mouth and she reached up and was playing with my nipples and also grabbing my ass. After I fucked her mouth for awhile I had her stand up and put her hands on the bumper of the trailer and spread her legs. 

I got behind her and rubbed the head of the cock along her slit letting everyone get a good look. Then I slowly pushed the cock inside her wet pusy until the harness was pressing against her ass. I moved my hips around grinding the cock inside her before I started to slowly fuck her. Little by little I picked up the pace and fucked her harder and faster. Most of the guys watching had their cocks out by that time and were jerking off as the watched. Jenn was pushing back as I rammed the cock deep into her pussy and was playing with her clit. Some of the guys were trying to get a better look and were complaining that they couldn't see.

I kept the cock inside her pussy and we turned around and I leaned against the bumper of the trailer so she could ride the cock and give a better view. I reaches around her and spread her pussy lips so you could see the cock as it slid into her wet pussy. The drivers loved that view a lot better. Some of the guys shot their load onto the ground and watching them made me hornier and then after they were done they would thank us and walk off. At one point their must have been a dozen or so drivers watching and as each finished getting off they would thank us and leave.

We were down to about maybe nine guys when Jenn had her second climax so we switched. Jenn put on the strap on and I got down and sucked it clean tasting her sweet cream on it. I was going to have Jenn lay on the ground for me to ride her but the spot where we were at was nothing but dirt. Two of the drivers must have realized what we wanted to do and took off their shirts and laid them down on the ground for us. We gave them each a kiss for being so nice and then Jenn laid down and I straddled her backwards. The crowd shifted to the front of us as I moved my hips and slid my pussy over the shaft of the cock. I leaned back to give them all a better view as I fucked myself and Jenn was playing with my tits. A few more drivers lost it and covered the ground with their cum and headed off after they finished. 

We both stood up then and I spread my legs bent over and grabbed my ankles. Jenn took hold of my hips and started ramming the cock into me making my tits bounce for the crowd that was left. She fucked me hard and in a short awhile I had my first climax. We moved closer to the truck and I had Jenn hold my one leg up while she fucked me giving the drivers a nice view of me spread wide. 

We were down to four drivers left by this time after fucking each other for a good hour or so and decided to finish up. We still had the shirts on the ground so Jenn took off the strap on and we got down into a sixty-nine position. We were both moaning as we licked each others pussy. I was sucking on her clit and pulling then licking it letting the drivers see my tongue flickering against it. She was spreading my cheeks and licking my pussy from my clit to my rose bud. We both began tongue fucking each other and heard two voices thank us and said goodbye. The only drivers left were the two that offered their shirts to us and I guess they were just waiting around to get their shirts back.

Jenn and I stood and picked the shirts. We shook them off and handed them back to the drivers. Then, we thanked them and gave them each a long deep kiss letting them get a good feel of our ass while pressed up against them. After we finished the kiss Jenn and I waved and said goodnight. We climbed back into the truck and both had a very nice sleep together.

*****

I hope that you enjoy the story and read the entire series as I can get it written. The events of the trip are done in order covering the week I spent with Jenn.