 I drove back to my cousin's house, my head filled with the memories of the day. My mind relived making love to, or better still, with, Sonny, the incredible feelings of warmth and satisfaction that almost overwhelmed me, and, of course, the performance of Sonny's next door neighbors, which I found to be so exciting to watch. I'd seen gay videos before but watching two men suck each other off right in front of me was so sensual and erotic. The gay videos that I've watched have been ones that my husband ordered, telling me that he was turned on by watching two men get it on. After having witnessed two guys blowing each other and being turned on by it, I was beginning to wonder exactly where my husband fit in to this picture. Did he want to suck a man, or did he want a man to suck him? He's the one who's brought home the gay videos. After all, he watched as Sonny and I had sex with each other and I know he enjoyed watching it. The sex we had after Sonny left was some of the best sex I'd ever had.

How would I feel if I watched my man having sex with another man? Would it bother me if a man came in his mouth, or fucked him in the ass? I know that my husband loves anal sex, doing it and getting it, at least with dildos and butt plugs. Would he be as anxious to take a dick up his ass as he is sticking his up my ass? It would turn me on to watch him fuck another guy but if he swallowed a man's cum, well, I don't know. If a guy sucked him off, I know I would be jealous because I love giving him head and swallowing his seed.

I had to get these thoughts out of my head. My pussy was so wet and, in a few minutes, I was going to be sitting across the table from my rather conservative cousin and her stick-in-the-mud husband, answering their inane questions about what I did all day. "Gee, cuz, I met a new friend who ate my pussy until I couldn't see straight, and then I watched two guys give each other blowjobs... Then I thought about my husband and if he was interested in having sex with a man and.... I had to get my feet planted firmly on the ground and stop the movie that was going on in my head.

I pulled into my cousin's driveway and shut the car off. I needed to sit for a few minutes before I went into the house. Once in the house, I knew I had to be "up and on" for my cousin. We sat around the dinner table while I listened to her tell me about her day. Terribly boring in comparison to the day I had but I had to listen. One thing about my cousin, once she starts talking, she never stops. I nodded and smiled and watched her lips move but I didn't hear a word she was saying. Her husband, a nice enough guy, is about as exciting as a lump on a log. The clock moved so slowly but finally it was time to go to bed. I was so excited to get into bed. I hadn't spoken to my husband all day and then I remembered that there was a three-hour time difference. He was going to be pissed!

"Hello," He answered as if he had been sleeping.

"I'm sorry if I woke you, Honey. I completely forgot about the time zone difference. How are you?"

"OK. How are you? Are you having a good time? What did you do today?"

I wasn't sure exactly what to tell him. I decided that the truth was probably the best choice, at least some of the truth. "I was on my way to the mall to do some shopping when I saw a sign for Laguna Niguel. Do you remember Sonny, the woman we met when we were on vacation? Well, I remembered that she lived in Laguna Niguel and I had her card in my wallet. I gave her a call and she invited me to her house. I really wasn't into shopping for shopping's sake so I took her up on her offer.

"I remember her. I remember her very well," my husband said. I could hear the curiosity in his voice.

"She has this wonderful cottage right on the ocean. You'd really like it. We spent the day on her deck, overlooking the Pacific. It was really nice and she was a wonderful host. It was one of the most relaxing days I've ever had. The only real downside to the day was having to listen to my cousin and her incessant self-centered rant while we ate dinner. I really love her but she can get on my nerves. How was your day?" I asked, hoping to change the direction of the conversation. I would be happy to give my husband every detail of my day but this wasn't the right time. I'll save it for a good bedtime story.

"Same shit, different day, I guess. Business as usual, no interesting mail, no phone calls. Are you having a nice time?"

"I'm having a great time but you know how my cousin is. A lot of chatter, but it's nice to have someone who I can talk to about family. The memories are terrific and she gives me a different perspective on things and I'm sure she's interested in my view of our family history."

"What are you going to do tomorrow?"

Again, the truth was the best way to go, at least part of the truth. "Sonny's going to take me to some really funky stores that I would never find on my own. I'm hoping to get something new and exciting. It should be an interesting day." Boy, that was an understatement. "She's so nice and hospitable. I feel very comfortable with her." 

I said a final goodbye and hung up the phone. I hope I'm forgiven for not telling the whole truth. All of a sudden I was really tired but, at the same time, I was really excited about my day with Sonny and I was wondering what tomorrow would bring. I got into bed and instinctively curled up in a fetal position. One thing about my cousin, she didn't cheap out on the sheets. They felt like they were 600-thread count Egyptian cotton. I luxuriated in the cool crisp feeling. I clasped my hands together and put them between my legs. I knew I would be asleep in no time. I pressed my hands into my pubic mound. I could feel my clit come alive. I got a rhythm going, rubbing my clit until a wave of orgasmic pleasure swept over my body. Thoughts of Sonny and our day together rapidly flashed in my head. Within minutes after my orgasm, I fell asleep.

I had a great night's sleep. I got up early so I could have coffee with my cousin and her husband before they left for work. I also wanted to get an early start on my day with Sonny. I knew that I wouldn't be able to see her on Saturday and I was going home on Sunday. I wished that the day could be 36 hours long! When I had the house to myself, I put on some nice jazz and began to prepare myself for the day. The shower in the guest bathroom was huge and had a place where I could sit and just let the water hit me. The showerhead created a pulsating stream of water that was so therapeutic. I lathered my body with a luxuriously fragrant soap. The lather would be perfect for shaving. 

My mind was filled with the memories of eating Sonny's pussy the day before and how soft and smooth her skin was. I remembered my tongue licking her labia, her clit, and her asshole and not feeling a single hair. I was determined to shave off every pubic hair I had. I shaved around my asshole, carefully feeling if any hair remained. I was obsessed! When I was completely satisfied with my shaving job, I realized that I was so turned on that my pussy was gushing. I was almost euphoric. I wanted to masturbate and bring myself to orgasm but I knew I had to stop. Hopefully my day with Sonny would result in more than one orgasm. I knew I had to wait. As turned on as I was, I really wanted to share my pleasure.

I stepped out of the shower and grabbed a huge bath towel. My cousin was never one to scrimp. Her bath towels reminded me of the ones Leona Helmsley had in her hotels in New York. The towel was like a big soft terry blanket. I was completely covered by it and within minutes I was dry. I covered myself with an expensive body cream, methodically rubbing it into my skin all over my body. I couldn't help but pinch my nipples as I massaged my breasts. A dollop of body cream on my super smooth pubic mound only led me to tweak my clit, which was as swollen as it could be. I was ready to cum at any moment. If I was going to cum, or should I say, when I was going to cum, I wanted Sonny to be part of my pleasure. No more touching, I said to myself.

I dressed as simply as I could. I wanted to be provocative without being trashy. I put on a thin silk v-neck T-shirt in a pinkish salmon color. No bra! I've always favored panties but only the smallest I could find. My husband bought me a selection of micro-panties from Wicked Weasel that I loved. I put on a pair of white diaphanous lace panties that had a seam to accentuate my shaved cameltoe. My inner labia are always hanging out so my cameltoe was very pronounced and very hot! Tight white short shorts finished off my clothing selection. A pair of beige espadrilles with 2½" heels gave my legs just the right definition. I would have worn CFM spikes if it were evening. I looked at myself in the full-length mirror and I was impressed. I looked great. If I saw me, I'd want to fuck me. I was ready for the day. Bring It On!!

As I got closer to Sonny's house, I could feel my heart pounding. I was genuinely excited, both physically and emotionally. As I approached her house, I saw that her gate was open. I pulled in and gave my horn a couple of short beeps. The front door opened and Sonny came running out. She looked magnificent. She was wearing a very short white tennis skirt with her tan legs ending in a pair of shoes that laced up her calves in a sort of Greek style. Her top was a deep scoop neck. It was the type that usually had a built-in bra but it was quite obvious by Sonny's protruding pierced nipples that her top had no bra. Her boobs were firm and voluptuous. She looked hot!! I got out of my car and moved towards Sonny with my arms open. I wanted to feel her body against mine. I could have jumped on her right then and there. I could feel my pussy getting wet and sticky.

"Hi, honey," Sonny said with a big huge smile. "I am so happy you're here." Sonny wrapped her arms around me as I hugged her and held her close. Our lips met in what began as a gentle kiss but ended up being an earthy open-mouthed mutual tongue exploration. I could feel my pussy getting wet. I pushed myself into Sonny's body so that as we held each other, we almost melted together. I was breathless!!

"We either jump into bed now and spend the rest of the day feasting on each other or we get out of here, have a nice day and save the fun for later. What do you think," Sonny said.

It was my last day with Sonny and making love to her all day was very tempting but I wanted to have some fun, too. "Let's get out of here, but promise me we'll end the day in bed." 

"I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die," said Sonny with the cutest smile that made my heart pound. "Come on, let's go. I have a great day planned for us." I followed Sonny into her garage where she had the cutest little Mini Cooper convertible. It was dark dark green with a matching top and black leather interior. The car shined like a gem. Sonny got in and put the top down. I stood there looking at Sonny with her blonde hair and brilliant white smile, sitting behind the wheel, looking like a Mini commercial.

"What are you waiting for, Honey?"

For a moment I was mesmerized, thinking how "California" Sonny looked. I got into the car, buckled my seatbelt and said, "Baby, let's get this show on the road."

The garage door opened and Sonny fired up the Mini's engine. We were on the road heading towards L.A. 

"What's on the agenda for today," I asked.

"To tell you the truth, I love my nipple piercings so much, I made an appointment for another piercing," Sonny replied.

"What kind of piercing?"

"I want to get a genital piercing, like a labia piercing. Actually, what I really want is a clit hood piercing. You know, like a ring that rests on top of my clit."

I was not totally ignorant of genital piercings. A lot of the porn that my husband and I watch has women who have piercings. I never really focused on the fact that they were pierced but now, that I really thought about it, I always thought that the piercings were really hot, just not for me. Thinking about it I realized that I was naïve. Since my husband chose the porn we watched, obviously the fact that the women were pierced turned him on. How dumb was I!!!

Even though Southern California is notorious for its bad traffic, I didn't care. I was with someone I truly loved. I watched Sonny negotiate the freeway like a jet fighter pilot. I was impressed. I know that she was talking to me but I really wasn't listening. I looked her up and down and thought about her pierced nipples. I could see them through the thin material she was wearing. I was thinking about the nature of our relationship: two women who were like sisters but were lovers. My head was spinning with the memories of our physical relationship. How warm Sonny was and how tender she was. I felt flushed just thinking about the orgasms she gave me. They were as good as they were because my head and heart were involved. My pussy was dripping wet. I could feel it every time I moved.

Before I knew it, we were on Melrose Avenue in L.A. Sonny found a place to park near the tattoo and piercing salon.

"C'mon, honey," she said, grabbing my hand. I felt like a high school kid playing hokey. We walked into the shop, hand-in-hand.

The girl behind the counter was a hot little blond thing with beautiful tattoos all over her arms and chest. She had a small diamond piercing in her nose. Her chest was massive, undoubtedly pumped up with silicone but definitely not unattractive. Her nipples were very visible under a diaphanous black material that looked like silk. Silver rings surrounded her nipples with a bar going through the center. The jeans she was wearing looked like they were painted on, with a very pronounced cameltoe. She was freaking hot!!

"Hi, Sonny," she said with her big smile that showed a gorgeous set of teeth. "Rick is waiting for you. Let me call him."

Rick came out to the waiting area and greeted Sonny with a big hug. Sonny introduced me to Rick as her "long lost sister". 

"Come on in," Rick said with a wave of his hand.

"I'll wait out here," I told Sonny.

"You'll do no such thing," she said. "I need you to hold my hand and give me moral support."

With that, I followed Sonny into one of the piercing rooms. The room was like a small hospital operating room, extremely clean and well-lit with stainless steel tables and trays. There was an autoclave for sterilizing the piercing instruments. There was a medical-looking chair that had wide stirrups on it.

"Have you decided which piercing you want?" Rick asked Sonny. 

"Tell me again the difference between the two."

"Well, the horizontal hood piercing is the most popular for its look. The downside is that unless the piercing is placed correctly and your anatomy is perfectly suitable for this piercing, it doesn't provide much stimulation to your clitoris. A vertical hood piercing is the easiest, least painful, most stimulating, and quickest healing piercing there is. Almost all women are physically and anatomically suited for this piercing, it is very attractive, and it provides the best direct stimulation to the clitoris without penetrating it. I think that you can't go wrong with the vertical piercing. Most of my hood piercings have been verticals."

I listened intently, my curiosity piqued by the whole idea of having a genital piercing. It was a very exciting atmosphere even though it was very clinical.

"Let's go for the vertical," Sonny said.

"OK. Let's do it. I need you to pull up your skirt, take off your underwear, and sit down in the chair. And relax!!"

Sonny pulled up her skirt, revealing her completely shaved pussy. She sat down in the chair and put her feet into the stirrups, spreading her legs apart. Her pussy lips were stuck together but then they separated exposing her wetness. It was all very hot for me but Rick seemed to take it in stride. He put a surgical drape over Sonny so all that was exposed was her clitoral hood and just a little bit of her cunt. Rick swabbed the area with a surgical alcohol wipe. Sat on a stool next to her, holding her hand and watching closely.

"I'm going to apply a little topical anesthetic, just like a dentist would use before giving you a Novocaine shot. It will minimize the initial pain from the piercing needle insertion. Are you ready?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," Sonny said bravely, squeezing the life out of my hand.

Rick dabbed the hood of Sonny's clit with a Q-tip saturated in the anesthetic liquid. With the deftness of a surgeon, Sonny took a deep breath as Rick pulled her clit hood up with his latex glove clad hand. With the other hand, he took the piercing needle and smoothly pierced her hood. There was a drop of blood coming from the insertion point and some pinkish fluid from the needle's exit. It was probably a little blood mixed with the wetness of Sonny's pussy. Sonny was a trooper!! Barely a sound came out of her as she exhaled. Within seconds, Rick inserted the platinum piercing with a small ball on the top and a larger ball on the bottom. It looked fantastic!!

"We're done," Rick said with a big grin. "That's all there is to it. Take a look at how hot it looks." Rick handed Sonny a mirror and she moved it around so she could see her knew piercing from all different angles.

"Wow, wow, wow!!" Sonny exclaimed. "It's freakin' awesome. Thank you, thank you."

"Don't mention it. Did you bring a pair of panties with you? I need to just put a little pad over the piercing. There shouldn't be any more bleeding but just in case there's a drop or two more, a pad will help." Sonny pulled a tiny pair of boy shorts from her pocket.

"What do you think, Babe?" Sonny asked me. Truly, I thought the whole experience was the hottest thing I've ever seen and the piercing was definitely beyond sexy.

"It's beautiful," I said, a little matter-of-factly, not wanting to sound too excited by the whole thing.

"C'mon, you can do better than that. I can feel my clit throbbing from the ball pressing against it. You know what? You've got to do it. This is so hot and we'll be matching. Every time I feel my clit throbbing, or look at my piercing, I'll think of you. What could be hotter than that?"

I knew this was coming. It was the moment of truth. I was past the point of worrying about the pain of the piercing procedure. Here was my friend, my lover, so exuberant about her new jewelry. If she was so happy, why wouldn't I be the same?

"No, no. I can't do it. How will I explain it to my husband?" I wanted to get pierced in the worst way. How would I explain it?

"Hell, he's watched us have sex together. Aren't you going to tell him about our adventures? He seems like the kind of guy who'll be turned on by the whole thing. Tell him that I got a piercing and you knew that if you got one, it would really turn him on. You know he's going to think it's really hot that you were thinking of him. Come on. This will be like being blood sisters. It will be our secret. No matter what happens to our relationship, we will never forget each other. It's like Rick and Ilsa in "Casablanca". No matter what, 'they always had Paris.'

I was a sucker for anything 'Casablanca.'

"Ok, Ok, I'll do it."

Sonny got out of the chair. I stood up and took my shorts and underwear off, exposing my totally bald pussy to a complete stranger. Or was he? I had never been naked in front of anyone before in such an open place. I was incredibly excited and wanted my hood pierced more than anything. I sat down in the chair and put my feet in the stirrups. Rick covered me as he had Sonny. Sonny held my hand. Her hand was unbelievably hot. My head was spinning and I felt euphoric. Within seconds, it was over. I felt nothing but the pulsation of my clit. I looked down at my crotch and there it was. A beautiful barbell piercing resting on the top of my clit, which was definitely swollen, with sexual excitement. Sonny and I had identical piercings. My heart was pounding. I was so happy!!
