 This is a work of fantasy, inspired by my love for riding motorcycles and the enjoyment of nature. Any resemblance to persons who read these words are welcome to join me, and make the fantasy theirs, too. 

Lori decided to "dress" her new friend for the ride, so she opened her saddlebag and withdrew a pair of riding chaps and handed them to Val.

"Why don't you put these on, Val?" she asked.

"Okay, But I think they will be a little small?" she questioned.

"The legs may be short, but the waist is adjustable." Lori giggled. 

Valerie strapped on the leather garment, and indeed, the legs were quite short, coming to the middle of her long calves. The fringe and metal studs appealed to her, though. Val laced up the sides and got ready to mount Lori's yellow Harley. 

The Sportster started easily, and Lori held the bike steady for Val's mount. Valerie's long thin legs stepped over the bike's saddle with no trouble. Lori's brother had lowered the bike for her small stature when they bought it. He was the one who got her interested in riding, in the first place, but that's another story. 

The taller girl settled in behind Lori and felt the "Cachump-thump- cachump" vibrations common to a Harley-Davidson. She had heard big bikes before, but never experienced one like this. Lori cracked the throttle a couple of times, then kicked the gearshift down into first gear. She smoothly turned in the small area next to the lake and began the short trip to town. 

The air was crisp at sixty miles an hour, sunlight bright, and the road clear. The wind whistled past the girl's ears, the high-pitched whine of the chain drive singing its melody, in harmony with the steady rumble of the exhaust. It was an hypnotic sound that transported Val into a `never-land' of thought and awareness of herself. She was conscious of the feel of leather on her chest where her blouse was partially open. Aware, too, of the scent of Lori's hair in front of her. Her arms were wrapped around Lori loosely, a gesture of confidence in the smaller girl's abilities to pilot the heavy machine. 

Valerie thought about the scenery going by, the flash of trees whipping past in a blur. Looking down at the highway, the stripes whizzed past, clickety- click, like a train without the sound. She also explored the feelings developing in her body as they rode into the small town. A Harley-Davidson has a distinct feel, a characteristic vibration that no other bike has. This Sportster was no exception. The mechanical throbbing of the pistons stroking through their cycles. The steady sucking sound of the air drawn into the carburetor. The gears below, smoothly transmitting the power to the musical chain. The humming sound the tires made on the warm pavement. All combined into the "Rider's Symphony" that was familiar to all who ride the massive iron beasts. 

Valerie was also aware of the dampness between her thighs. Her vulva had been pressed against Lori's back and the vibrations of the machine had been transferred to it. Her clitoris was alive with the trembling of the bike, and her vagina secreted its nectar in great quantity, soaking her jeans. The butterflies in her belly that signaled a building need for release accompanied the warm feeling. She pulled Lori tighter and curled her back at the same time. The sensations increased in their intensity. Val was just about to cum, when she heard and felt Lori back off the throttle and pull off the road. They stopped at the small tavern in town to get their lunch. Val was giggling as she got off the still running machine, and Lori looked at her quizzically as she turned the ignition off. 

"What's so funny, Val?" she asked.

Looking down at her crotch, she said, "Look at me! You would think I wet my pants!" Lori followed her gaze, and indeed, the wet spot between her legs was quite substantial. It did appear that she had wet herself! 

"Are you okay?" Lori questioned.

"Well, yeah! I'm so hot, though. How do you ride so much without... you know...cumming all over yourself?" she answered. 

Lori laughed big, then replied, "Sometimes, I do!"

They walked into the old fashioned building into the dimly lit tavern. When their eyes adjusted to the dark interior, the saw the long polished bar on one wall, and some cloth-covered tables on the other. The center of the room was nearly clear, apparently a dance floor. Thankful for the low light, Valerie and Lori settled into one of the corner tables. The waitress appeared from nowhere and asked for their order. Valerie ordered a glass of beer, Lori took water for her choice. The waitress stared at her for a second, with one of those "On a day like this?" looks from a bartender.

"I'm driving." Lori said quietly. 

The girl left to get the order, and they glanced at the menu on the wall. Deciding to have the `burger and chip' special, they told the waitress what they wanted. Valerie squirmed in her chair a little, the announced her need to `go'. Both girls found the `ladies' and took care of their bladder functions, Lori was glad for the porcelain fixture and paper. She wasn't sure about outdoor peeing as a habit, at least not like Valerie did it.

Returning to the table, the food had arrived and they ate quickly. Valerie said something about another beer, and Lori simply allowed that she didn't drink. Valerie didn't comment, but didn't get another drink either. The way Lori said it told her that she shouldn't. They finished, and walked back to the bike. 

Lori fired up the iron horse and Val tucked in behind her. Lori enjoyed the feel of her body resting between the tall girl's legs. It was like having armrests on an easy chair, with a soft, breathing back. Val requested `the long way' back to the forest clearing, Lori was all for it, and continued in the same direction in which they were already traveling. 

Lori leaned back into Val's chest and felt the pressure increase at her sides. Valerie slipped her hands around Lori's breasts and gently caressed them as they rode through the mountains. They stopped at a scenic overlook, and rested the bike and themselves. Lori didn't resist when her friend unzipped her jacket and vest. The next thing she felt was Valerie holding her naked breasts and pinching her swollen nipples.

"MMMmmm, Val. That feels so nice." She commented as her body flushed with heat generated from inside.

"Yes, they do." Val returned.

They sat on the bike like that for some time before Valerie asked if Lori wanted to return to their "hideaway" in the forest. Lori turned her head to answer, and met Val's lips with hers. They kissed hot, and Lori couldn't answer any other way but, "Yes." Her body was on fire, she wanted to be with Valerie more. She wanted to try some additional `experiments' with this wonderful, tender girl. 

They rode back, with Lori feeling a renewed sense of urgency to see and feel Valerie's naked body again. She wanted to show and give her body to her new friend.When they got to the campsite, Lori started to undress next to the hot bike. Her leather jacket and vest landed on the saddle, and she felt Val undoing her pants. Val gently pushed her against the crackling machine. Metallic pings escaped from the depths of the metal monster, as did the intense heat. Lori felt the heat on her now naked thighs, Valerie had her face right in front of Lori's kitty, and could smell the scent of Lori's intensely aroused sex. The hot engine accentuated the aroma, Lori could smell herself clearly. Being as `hot' as she was it took only the slightest touch from Valerie to make her cum. She had to grip the saddle and the handlebars to keep herself from collapsing onto the tall girl's head.

"OHMIGOD! . AHHHH .. VAAALLLL!!!" she cried out as her belly contracted and filled Val's mouth with nectar.

"MMMMM .. You taste so good!" Val exclaimed.

She stood, and stripped off her jeans and blouse after carefully removing the leather chaps. Lori studied her long, thin body, then asked if she would put the chaps back on. Valerie agreed to the costume, and strapped the garment around her slight hips. The dark fabric highlighted her slender butt and thighs. Her swollen mound pushed out from the open front, a needy bulge of glistening flesh. The thin lips of her vulva were already spreading with lust. Her inner labia were growing and blossoming as a sweet flower would. Lori could see the erect nub of Val's clitoris peeking up from under its sheath.

Valerie switched places with Lori and leaned against the hot bike. One long leg on the saddle, the other on the ground, held her sex wide open for Lori's inquisitive mouth. Her belly was also alive with fluttering desire. Not much more time passed when she, too, felt the joy of release at Lori's tongue. Nectar ran down her thighs and soaked the laced up leather. The mingling aromas blended into an aphrodisiac for both of them.

The girls abandoned the iron steed for the softness of the bedding in Val's tent. Valerie pulled her sleeping bag from inside and spread it in front of the small blue shelter. She lay on it and stretched full length, her arms out as well as her legs parted in an invitation. They spent the entire afternoon sharing their bodies, each matching the other, cum for cum. Exhausted, Lori dozed for a while, not awakening until it was well after dark.Remembering where she was took a few moments. Her first vision had been of Valerie's still nude body tending a small fire. She needed to pee, but rather than retreat to the uncertain shelter of the dark forest, she stood in the circle of light from the blaze. `Experienced', now, she bent her knees and spread her vulva with her fingers. The heavy yellow stream arced out from her body and splashed on the damp leaves at her feet. She returned to stand near Valerie at the side of the stone pit.

"You seem to have that down pretty good, girl." Val commented as she stirred a small pot.

"I have a good `teacher'". She giggled back.

They talked and ate, mostly discussing the ride and Lori's introduction to lesbian sex. She did agree that it was good. Any sex was good as far as Lori was concerned, but she wasn't certain that it was `better' than sex with a man. There was that "full feeling" of penetration that she enjoyed. The sense of physical completeness, when she took a man inside her body pleased her. Whether it was in her mouth or her vagina mattered not. Valerie admitted that she too, enjoyed the feelings, but really objected to the "peripheral crap" that had to be endured to get there. Lori agreed, but added that sometimes, the `special' one that would indulge her needs without expectations, was `out there' waiting.

Valerie went inside the tent and rummaged for a minute. She returned to the fireside with a small bag. Lori didn't ask, but waited curiously for Val to open it. She pulled out an assortment of `toys', declaring that they usually did the trick, and she didn't have to feed them breakfast! 

Lori had used a dildo or two in her life, but was fascinated with the one that seemed to have a harness attached to it. When she asked, Valerie beamed and spread it out for her. That is exactly what it was. 

"Have you ever..?" Valerie started to inquire.

"I .. I've never seen one, let alone have used one." Lori stammered.

"Would you like to try it?" responded Val.

"Which end?" Lori questioned. 

Valerie laughed gently, "Why, your choice, of course."

"Show me how it `fits'?"

Lori finally chose to be the recipient of the latex phallus. She lay on the bedroll in a `missionary' pose while she watched Valerie step through the 

harness straps and fasten her "cock" in place. It was a good six or seven inches in length, and reasonably thick. Lori guessed about an inch or so wide. She observed that Val carefully placed it over her vulva before tightening the side straps. Valerie stepped in between Lori's legs. She held the imitation erection as a man would, by the base and `wagged' it at her. She `gruffed' her voice a little. "You wanna suck my dick before I stick it in?" they both laughed loudly at her role-play, but Lori sat up, and did just that.

She held the semi rigid latex in her small hand and began licking the crown. It tasted fake, but the texture was surprisingly accurate. It was a `circumcised' penis, something Lori wasn't used to. But she went on and gave it all the attention it deserved. She even surprised Valerie by taking the large organ fully to the base. She had the latex penis deep into her throat in just a few gulps. When she released it, covered with saliva, she `acted out' too. 

"Fuck me with your hard cock!" she said as seductively as she could. 

Valerie knelt and Lori helped her fit the plastic toy inside her wet opening. It felt very much like a man penetrating her tiny body, only it wasn't as hot as a real penis. Val was actually quite good with the strap-on, and had Lori ready to cum in a short time. She came first, and Lori followed quickly after.

"That was pretty good!" Valerie gasped as she withdrew the nectar- coated toy.

"You came, too, didn't you?" Lori asked.

"Uh-huh" Val grunted, slightly out of breath. 

Lori soon saw why, when Val fitted her with the device. Inside the `cup' at the base was a small pair of nubbins. One, correctly placed, fit into her vaginal opening, the other, right on top of her erect clitoris. 

Tightening the straps on her small friend brought soft moans from Lori's throat, as the protrusions filled and touched the sensitive flesh of her kitty and clitoris. She looked down at her 'cock' and giggled when it bounced. Val took the phallus in her long fingers and kissed on the tip. Lust filled her eyes before she closed them. Her thin lips surrounded the plastic and Lori watched it disappear into Val's throat.

Lori's fingers gripped Val's head as she felt the pressure of the toy between her legs. Her body gave over to a cum, driving the latex deeper into Val's mouth. A smiling Valerie pulled off and lay back on the soft ground. 

"It's your turn to fuck me!" she said. "Bring your hard cock over here and fill my hole!"

Lori knelt between Valerie's legs and let Val place the 'penis' at her swollen opening. She felt strange pressing sensations as she pushed the latex deeper into Val's body. Lori could sense the muscles inside her friend giving way to the invader of her depths. Valerie's hips rose to meet hers. Their bellies slapped together as each felt the device press against the tender flesh of their sexes. 

"OHH, Lori! ...YES!!!" Valerie hissed. Her hands gripped Lori's butt and pulled her tightly to her own body. "Fuck me good. Drive it 

in...ohmigod....ohgodyessssss!!!"

Lori imitated the motions she had, up to now, been on the receiving end. Rolling her hips, she found the rhythm of the lover's dance. Grunting and gasping, both girls lost in sensuous sharing of primal feelings, the dance brought them both to climax at the same time.

Covered in sweat, the aroma of sex surrounding them, their legs coated with girl-cum, they lay silent on the forest floor. Slowly regaining themselves, they kissed hot. The latex cock still connecting them. Valerie held Lori tight and rolled both of them. She sat up, straddling the smaller girl and moaned as the device pushed even further into her.

Without a word, Val began to fuck herself with Lori's "penis". Raising and lowering her slender body, repeatedly impaling her kitty with the hard latex, until she started to cum again.

"Oh, Lori.....I ....I'm ...CCCuuuummmmminnngggg!!!!" She cried out.

Valerie fell across Lori's body, nestling her mouth on her salty neck, tasting her flesh and feeling the warmth of her passion. Neither one spoke as they separated their bodies. Valerie removed the harness and licked the nectar from both ends. Instinctively, Lori joined her and together they 'cleaned' the toy. They met in a deep, hot kiss, and curled into each other. Sleep found them quickly, and they stayed locked together until the warmth of the morning sun fell across their flesh.

Lori woke to the stirring of her lover's body. They kissed 'good morning' and smiled at each other.

"That was so good, last night." Lori whispered.

"Yes, it was." Valerie murmured.

They rose and relieved themselves, then walked to the shore. Washing each other in the cool water, teasing. each other's sex and splashing like kids, enjoying the new day. When they returned to the campsite, Lori was very quiet. Valerie asked what was wrong.

"Nothing wrong, but I'm going to have to leave you, soon." She spoke softly. "I have to go to work, tomorrow." she added.

"That's okay, Lori." Valerie replied. "I understand.".

"But it's so good! ..... Um ...You know ...'with' you..." she began.

Valerie moved closer and took her friend in her arms. "I know, it's good with you, too. It's not like we can't see each other again. ... If you want to."

Lori brightened up, "Oh, yes!....... I do!" She kissed Val and they both reached for the other's sex simultaneously. Each of them thrust deeply into the other's hot, wet vagina. They groaned into each other's mouths as the passion built. 

Their mutual cums were rapid in arrival, and intense for both. They stood hugging and holding tightly for a long time.

Valerie helped Lori pack her bike, and kissed her deeply.

"I'll see you, soon. You remember that." she said, trying to sound brave.

A tear rolled from her cheek. Lori kissed it away and held Valerie close. It felt as if they had been together forever, and were parting for good.

"Sooner than you think, lover." she whispered.

Kicking her bike into gear, Lori turned and "kissed" at Valerie as she slowly rode down the trail to begin the ride 'home'. Thoughts of her new experiences flooded her mind along with plans for the next time.

Valerie sighed and watched her friend wind her way down the path, wishing she would turn back, but knowing in her heart that she would see Lori very soon.