 The house was a narrow townhouse on a shadowed street. It looked oddly pinched and out of place, though the address, 232 Cathedral Street, was precisely correct.

Betty knocked on the door. The wind whipped her blonde ponytail in a sudden gust that caught the hem of her knee-length blue sundress as well.

"Enter," a woman's voice called, and the door was closing behind Betty before she even realized she'd stepped inside.

She was standing in a small, dimly-lit parlor, and glancing back she saw that it was evidently not the front room of the house. Her heart skipped a beat - how had she gotten here?

A low round table was set in the middle of the floor, which was tiled black and white. Two tall-backed chairs sat on either side of the table. One of them, the one nearest to Becky, was pulled out and empty. A candle had been placed on the table, along with a corked bottle of wine and a single glass.

The other chair's occupant leaned forward in her seat, letting the candle reveal her long, pale face. Her features were sharp but striking, the sort that queens and empresses like to imagine they have. She wore a tight black dress, and her dark red hair was tied back severely. She smiled at Betty with lips painted a deep purple.

"Good evening," she said. Her accent was indefinable, mingling at least a dozen countries into something wholly unique. "You are here about the advertisement?"

"Er, yes," Betty said, wondering if she should be running away now.

The advertisement had been simply stated, pinned to the notice board at the library where she worked. "Companionship sought, must be obedient, call on Veronique," and then the address.

Betty had chuckled and plucked it off the board, but somehow the card had slipped into her purse. The simple words had preyed on her mind for the next month, particularly "companionship" and "obedient". She'd read books on BDSM culture - some factual, many others that were simply enjoyable - but she'd never thought herself the sort who would actually get into it herself.

God save me from temptation, she'd thought on the drive over, just not today.

"So, you're Veronique?"

"I am. And your name?"

"Betty Matthews."

"Ah." Veronique pursed her lips. "You understand why you are here?"

"Um, maybe? I'm not very familiar with this sort of thing, but the ad looked like you're seeking a, ah, sub?"

Betty's cheeks flamed as Veronique laughed, actually raising her hand under her nose briefly. "Oh, forgive me," Veronique laughed, controlling herself with an effort, "you're not wrong, I've just never heard someone use that term. I guess you could call me, what is it, old school?"

Betty giggled awkwardly. "Fair enough, but you look about my age."

Veronique grinned, exposing canines that extended to the bottom of her lower teeth. Her eyes flickered red in the candle light. "Appearances can be deceiving."

"Oh shit," Becky said, taking a step back.

Veronique held up a palm. "Peace, please. I promise I will not do anything to you that you do not consent to."

Becky had read some books about vampires, too. "Define consent," she said, crossing her arms.

Veronique sniffed. "I can't hypnotize you, if that's what you mean. If I mesmerize you, well, that's your own fault," she said coyly.

"Uh-huh. And the thing with the door...?"

"Was the thing with the door." The vampire shrugged. "The house is old and odd, I'm not going to apologize for it. Please, sit."

"Okay," Becky said slowly, taking the proffered chair, "then what would I be consenting to?" Her fear was already draining away, replaced by curiosity. Veronique might be a vampire or a nut, but she certainly wasn't boring.

"I have certain physical needs," Veronique said, "which I shouldn't have to explain to you. You would consent, once a month, to come to my home and meet them. The toll on you would be significantly less than, say, donating blood, and I assure you you won't be harmed."

"I see," Becky said. "May I ask what happened to your last, er..."

"Wisconsin," Veronique said, scowling. "And the term I'm used to is 'blood swain'."

"Got it. So, what would I get in exchange? This isn't quite what I expected."

Veronique waved a hand. "That would be up to you, within reason. For a certainty I'd provide you with a free meal and, I hope, entertaining company. If you need additional compensation we can discuss it, but I find it better to talk of such things when both parties truly understand what's involved."

"Oh." Betty's mouth felt suddenly dry. "So, are you erm, thirsty, now?"

"Not in any way that would be a problem for me," Veronique assures her. "As I said, nothing will happen tonight that you don't consent to. Although..."

She rose to her feed, the movement languorous and sensual. Her dress was short, only dropping to mid-thigh. "You mentioned an interest in submission," she said, walking closer, each step slow and deliberate as she traced a finger around the table. "I find domination comes rather naturally to me. So, if you're interested, we could explore this proclivity... together?"

Veronique stopped in front of Betty and placed her hands on the back of the chair, leaning down to give her a full view of her pale cleavage. Their faces were only inches apart. Veronique waited patiently, her face polite.

Betty swallowed. "I, um, I think I would consent to that, at least for tonight."

Veronique's lip curled up in a half smile. "Very well," she said. "First business then. What is your safe word?"

"Safe word?" Of what might come next, this was something she hadn't expected.

"We should proceed on mutual trust, no? Something you're unlikely to forget, or say accidentally, please."

Betty considered. "Archie."

There was a pause, as Veronique slowly removed her hands and stood up. "Really?"

Betty shrugged. "If you're a good dom you'll never hear it, right?"

Veronique rolled her eyes. "Not necessarily, but fine. It's fine. But I'm not calling you Betty then. You'll be Bette from now on."

"Bette" grinned. "Fair enough."

"Good. Now that you've ruined the mood, stand up and take your clothes off."

Now it was Bette's turn to be non-plussed. "Really?"

Veronique raised an eyebrow. "If you're going to let me drink your blood, then I think we need to dispense with any shyness on your part early, no? And I'm not a messy eater, but it's still remarkably easy to ruin an outfit."

"Points taken," said Betty. She got to her feet, drew a deep breath, and pulled her dress over her head. She put it on the back of the chair and waited. She was wearing a plain white bra, with pink-and-blue striped panties.

"All of it," Veronique said, and smiled. "Slowly."

Bette's cheeks flared red. She reached behind her back, paused, and smiled at Veronique sweetly. Then she reached down and pinched the side of her underwear. She tugged her panties down slowly, letting herself lean forward and display her cleavage as she did.

She kicked her underwear aside, standing up and covering herself with one hand. As Veronique watched, Bette turned in place, displaying her peach-shaped bottom as she pulled her hair free of its ponytail. She shook her long tresses out, and glanced back over her shoulder.

Veronique's expression was amused, but her red gaze was firmly fixed on her. Bette turned her face away and carefully undid her bra hooks, letting the straps fall down her shoulders but keeping the cups in place on her chest.

She felt a breath on her neck and shivered. Even she wasn't sure if it was fear or anticipation.

"You are rather lovely." Veronique breathed in. "What is that you're wearing?"

"Um. Dove body wash?"

"Not that... Hmm. Stay very still now."

Bette felt cold fingers run down her spine, the nails long and sharp on her skin. She shivered as they traced slowly down, to the base of her spine, and then back up to the nape of her neck, and around, sliding over her jugular vein.

Veronique's leg interposed itself between Bette's, and she guided her down into a sitting position, Bette seated on top of her thigh. Her hand snaked up and gently tugged the bra from her chest, leaving her totally naked. Veronique cupped Bette's breast in her hand, slowly rolling her fingers across her soft mound.

"You understand, I am taking it easy on you so far, yes?"

"Yes," Bette said, vaguely, her mind focused on Veronique's fingers, and the cool skin between her thighs. A sharp yank on her hair brought her back into focus.

"Yes, mistress," Veronique said. "While you are in my service, you will not address me any other way without my leave." Veronique gripped her hair again. "Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress," Bette said, and gasped when she pulled her hair back again. Her lips met Bette's neck, and Bette froze, not daring to breathe.

Veronique chuckled as she pulled her lips away. "Very good," she said. "You didn't pull away. I like that."

Veronique began to kiss her, moving down her neck, to her shoulder, then switching to the other side. Her hand continued to toy with Bette's breast, teasing her until her nipple was painfully erect and Bette was grinding gently against her thigh, making soft mewing noises.

"Do you want to cum, Bette?"

"Oh yes, mistress," Bette said. She gasped as Veronique slapped her tit.

"Are you that selfish?" she demanded. "The servant should please the master first, no?"

Veronique slapped her again. "Yes, mistress," Bette said. The sting of the slaps had brought tears to her eyes, though more from being overwhelmed than from actual pain. "Please let me please you, mistress."

Veronique released her, and Bette stood in front of her as she spread her legs in the chair. She was not wearing any panties, and her pussy was pale and smooth as the rest of her.

Bette knelt, placing her hands on Veronique's thighs and leaning forward to kiss her pussy. Her skin smelled faintly of primrose, and even here her skin was cold to the touch.

Bette opened her mouth wide and breathed out, and was pleased to hear Veronique hum in pleasure. Bette's kisses started above her pussy, working down until she was kissing the hood of her clit, then letting her tongue dip between the vampire's lips.

Veronique spread her legs wider, letting herself part. Bette took advantage and penetrated her with her tongue, slipping in and out of her slit. Her hands ran down Veronique's thighs, gently kneading them as her tongue touched her clit for the first time.

Veronique shivered, and Bette lapped at her, her tongue coated with Veronique's juices. She could hear the vampire breathe, in and out, and risked glancing up to see her eyes closed, her chin tilted up as she squeezed her breasts through the fabric of her dress.

Abruptly Veronique's arms slipped under Bette's and hurled her up, the vampire catching her by the waist in a single swift motion. Bette's head only gently bumped the ceiling, but she was too astonished by Veronique's strength to notice. The vampire put her face to Bette's pussy to pleasure her in turn, her fangs scraping the skin of her labia as her tongue penetrated her with surprising depth. Her tongue was warm, warm where the rest of her was cold.

Bette put her hands in Veronique's hair, which was thick between her fingers, and began to cry out softly, her pussy growing hot under the vampire's attentions. She began to buck her hips unconsciously, tangling Veronique's hair in her fingers as her clit throbbed.

Veronique's tongue licked up, passing swiftly back and forth over her clit, and Bette came, hands clenching, nearly falling back out of Veronique's grasp, but the vampire held her firm. She hardly felt Veronique's fangs pierce her thigh, but the sensation of her sucking her blood drove her wild, her toes curling as the vampire took her due.

Veronique set her down, and Bette collapsed to her knees, fingering herself without a care for anything else. Her second orgasm hit her hard, and she shouted in ecstasy as it rocked her body, Veronique watching her with a small smile on her stained lips.

When Bette was done, Veronique knelt and kissed her gently on the forehead. "Was that good for you?"

"Yes, mistress," Bette said dreamily, barely able to speak.

"Good." Veronique smiled. "Next time I think I won't let you cum until I say so."

Bette pouted, and Veronique kissed her again, this time on the lips. Her mouth tasted slightly of copper. "Get dressed now," the vampire said. "I have a bandage for you, and then we can share the wine. I'd like to get to know you better for next time."

Bette paused. "Next time, mistress?"

"There will be a next time, yes?" The slightest hint of concern tinged the vampire's voice.

Bette grinned. "Absolutely, mistress."