 I guess it was during my senior year in high school that I had begun to look at other girls a little differently in more than a friend sort of way. I still liked guys, and dated quite a bit, but there was always something missing with them, and something inside of me that made me more attracted to girls. Little did I know that a few years later a close relationship with my best friend would turn into something much more than I could have ever hoped for.

I was finally back home in Tucson Arizona. I had spent the last 4 years away with my Dad following him around to all his different jobs as a consultant for the Air Force. I was celebrating my 21st birthday (a few weeks late) and I had invited all my old friends. My best friend Brooke was looking especially nice. She and I have always had a very special relationship and it really broke my heart the winter I had to leave to go with my Dad. We always kept in touch during my Dad’s escapades. One time she even flew out to see me in North Dakota. 

It was like old times to have her and the old gang at my party. When we were all in high school, we were inseparable. We were all cheerleaders, and on the volleyball team, and hung out at the mall on weekends. I had even invited Brooke’s little sister Julie. Often times Brooke would have to bring Julie with her when we would go out somewhere, and at the time it was a pain. Julie always wanted to hang out with us, but being three years younger than us, she usually ended up being a complete pest. I was surprised at how she had developed into a very attractive girl. Not at all the awkward little pest I remembered from four years ago. 

It didn’t seem like that long ago. The years had really flown by. My Dad had been transferred to Florida with the Air Force, and it was quite a change from Arizona. The sunshine was nice, but the humidity was brutal. A couple of weeks after moving there, I met Stacy. She lived in our apartment complex. She was my age and even more of a tomboy than I was, but she was fun to be with. One day she asked me if I would like to go to the beach and hang out with some of her friends. I told her that sounded great and we went by my apartment so I could get my suit. I quickly put on my bikini and we headed off for the day. I noticed right away that her friends were a little different than I was used to back in Tucson. They all had tattoos, body piercings and had shorter haircuts than my other friends had. Stacy was not as wild looking or as “made up” as they were, however, when she removed her T-shirt, I couldn’t help but notice that she did have a tattoo of a dragon on her back. It looked like it was coming up from the crack of her butt, and was quite sexy. She then introduced me to her friends and they all seemed to like me. They asked if I was an Air Force brat. I told them that I was and asked what it was that gave it away. They told me that I didn’t look, or act like a local, and I surely didn’t have the accent, and since the base was in the next town it was an easy deduction. 

We were at the beach all day, and my tan was really coming along nicely. Stacy had asked if I wanted her to rub lotion on my back a couple of times, and I of course did the same for her, but it made me feel funny in the pit of my stomach. I really enjoyed touching her body and feeling her skin. I brushed it off as something the sun was doing to me, and didn’t think about it again until she asked to do it again. I told her that she had just done it, and that I was fine. She told me she thought she missed a spot on my back, so I complied with her wishes and rolled over onto my stomach. Unlike the times before, she had a deliberate feel to her application of lotion to my body, like a massage. 

She started at my shoulders and quickly moved towards my hips and the top of my bikini bottoms. She even went as far as to run her fingers just inside of the elastic. The pressure of her touch was doing things to me that I enjoyed, but couldn’t explain. I had that feeling in the pit of my stomach, and another feeling in my crotch. I was actually being turned on by another girl’s touch. I let out a low moan and seemed to sink into the sand as her hand rubbed down my sides and across the top of my butt. Then she stopped! I was upset! I turned to ask her why she stopped, and she smiled at me and told me she needed more lotion to do my legs. My heart was racing as I settled back down onto my towel.

She started at my ankles and worked up using the same pressure and diligence she had on my back. I loved this. She worked up my calves and my thighs, till she was running her fingers just inside the leg holes of my bikini. I was so turned on by now; I didn’t know what to do. The feelings in my stomach and in my crotch had merged and I was crazy with lust at this point. I had never had sex, and I hadn’t really thought of it until now. None of the guys I had dated ever got me this excited. Even with all of their pawing and groping, I never felt anything like this. My body was telling me things it never had before. Stacy said something that shot through me like a bullet.

“You’re wet down there,” she said. I felt so embarrassed! I had a wet spot in the crotch of my bikini, and there was no way of denying that her touch had excited me sexually. I managed a small apology as I buried my head in my hands. 

“What for?” she said laughingly, “That’s what I was trying for”. I rolled over and looked up at her. She had a very pretty and satisfied look on her face. I asked her why she did that, and she told me that she thought I would like it. I told her that she was right, and that I had enjoyed it tremendously. Then she just leaned down and kissed me. It took me totally by surprise. She stayed inches from my face, and this time we leaned in together and kissed each other. Her tongue slid passed my lips and mingled with mine. I had my first orgasm right then. She stopped first and looked at me. 

“You’ve never kissed anyone before have you?” she said coyly. I told her that I had been kissed by boys in high school, but never like she had just done. She asked me if I liked it, and I replied by pulling her to me and kissing her again. We laid there on my towel kissing for what seemed like an hour, but a quick glance at my watch next to me told me it had only been a few minutes. 

We finally pulled away from each other and Stacy asked me if I wanted anything to drink, and I told her that sounded like and excellent idea. My mouth had become very dry with the absence of Stacy’s. As my mind began to come back to normal, I realized how strange it was that none of her friends said anything. Where I was from, two girls kissing would have raised more than a few eyebrows, and at the very least some awkward throat clearing. But this was different. There was nothing. It was like it was expected. When Stacy returned I quietly asked her why none of her friends had said anything about us kissing, and she laughed. She asked me if I had been living under a rock. I looked back at her with a puzzled look. 

“We are lesbians,” she said, almost too loud. Well, then it all made perfect sense. The absences of any guys, the less than feminine attire, and the fact that they hadn’t said anything about Stacy and I making out. “Duh” I thought to myself. I felt really stupid. Stacy put her arm around me and told me not to worry about it, that it was just a first timers mistake. I felt better being in her arms again, and wanted it to last forever, but it was getting late and we had to go. 

The next few months were incredible. I learned more about my body and how to please myself as well as how to please another girl. Stacy told me that I was a natural at pleasing another girl. I loved giving and receiving oral sex. I loved the taste of it, and loved the taste of mine as well. I loved kissing Stacy after she had licked my pussy, and tasting my juices on her lips. I would have never thought that having sex with another girl could have been so exciting. Stacy showed me things that I would have never thought of. She had a wonderful collection of sex toys, and she used all of them on me. I still liked looking at cute guys, but the feeling was different. 

I really liked looking at and being with cute girls. Besides, with all the toys Stacy had, there wasn’t much use for a guy. Even with all of the fun I was having with Stacy, there was still something missing. I knew that with Stacy it was just great sex, but there could never be anything more. She and I didn’t have anything in common other than sex. I began to think of what it would be like to make love to someone instead of just having sex. That someone was Brooke.

Brooke learned of my interest in girls, and my passion for her, about four months later when she had come to see me in North Dakota. Just another one of the many bases my Dad was stationed at. We were in my room changing clothes when she noticed me looking at her. She thought there was something wrong with her because of my intent stare. I told her that she had a very pretty body and that she looked very sexy. She blushed and turned away from me as I approached her. I asked her if my compliment had made her uncomfortable, and she told me that it did a little. 

I told her that I had thought of her often and that I had recently discovered my attraction to girls. She looked at me in shock, but that soon turned to passion as I ran my hand slowly up the side of her body to her cheek. I pulled her face to mine and kissed her. She kept her lips closed tight at first, then my kiss melted them apart and my tongue entered her mouth and found her tongue. She began kissing me back and we fell on the bed in an embrace. 

Being that we were in just our underwear, it wasn’t long until we were completely naked. I undid her bra and kissed down her neck to her breasts and her nipples responded instantly. They were like pencil erasers. She began breathing heavy and humping her hips into the air, so I ran my hand down to her crotch and over her mound. I pressed with the palm of my hand right on her clit and she went crazy with lust. She told me she wanted more. I slid her panties off down her long tanned legs and slipped my fingers up and down her wet slit exposing her hard clit. With the attention I was giving to her breasts and her clit, she came instantly. I kept her going by slipping a finger inside of her wet pussy and moving it around and in and out until she came again. I pulled my finger out of her and placed it on my tongue. 

Her taste was so delightful and sweet. I looked into her pretty green eyes while I did this, and a look of total lust filled them. I asked her if she had ever tasted her juices, and she told me she hadn’t even thought about it until now. I put my finger back into her beautiful pussy and got it all wet with her creamy juices. I took it out and held it up to her mouth. She slowly opened her mouth and I placed it on her tongue. She sucked it off and moaned softly in enjoyment. She told me she wanted to taste me, so I put two fingers in my wet pussy. I then removed my cream covered fingers and put one in my mouth and sucked it off then offered the other to her. She wrapped her tongue around it and sucked it clean. I almost came right there. 

Wanting more of her nectar, I kissed down her flat, tanned stomach to her neatly trimmed pussy. Her aroma filled my nose and tantalized all my senses. I ran my tongue along her slit and dipped my tongue deep into her. I wanted to give her everything, so I began rubbing her tight little anus with my finger. She arched her back and pushed her crotch into my face. I needed relief, so I began rubbing my pussy with my other hand. She told me to stop rubbing myself, because she wanted to make me come, so I stopped rubbing and turned all my attention to her. After she had come about 5 times, I let her relax. She was breathing very heavy, and she was all sweaty. “That was incredible!” she shouted. “Where did you learn to do that?” I told her that a girl had seduced me the year before, and that it had been a very exciting experience. She agreed, and told me to lie on my back. 

She sat on my hips with her arms next to my head, and she leaned down and kissed me. She told me she had never considered herself a lesbian, but that it sounded like a nice option. She told me that she wanted me to come all night long as she kissed down my neck. She licked and sucked both of my breasts and rubbed my clit and gave me the first of many orgasms that were to come that night. She then kissed her way down my stomach to my anxious pussy. We finally were tired around midnight and we layed there in each other’s arms. I leaned over and kissed her cheek and told her I was falling in love with her, and she kissed me back and told me that she loved me too. 

My party was going great, but I could keep my eyes off of Brooke’s sister Julie. She looked incredible. Even though I had fallen in love with Brooke, I was definitely in lust with Julie. I noticed that Brooke kept looking at me with a puzzled expression, but I couldn’t help staring at Julie. I was so taken in by her beauty. Brooke approached me and asked if I was looking at her sister, and I replied with a definite “Yes”. “She is pretty isn’t she?” Brooke said in agreement. Then she said “Would you like to have her join us sometime? Her words ripped through my mind like a bolt of lightning. “Do you think she would?” I replied almost shaking. “We could seduce her and make her our sex toy” she said with a devilish grin on her face. (Little did I know, that Brooke had already done that.) She explained to me that after returning from North Dakota, she was still so incredibly turned on by what we had shared, she went into her room and began masturbating. 

Well, she didn’t hear the door open, and she soon felt like someone was watching her. When she opened her eyes, she saw Julie standing there in a T-shirt and panties. She asked Brooke what she was doing, and in a breathy voice she described it. She also told her a little bit of what we had shared. Well, this sparked a curiosity in Julie that could not be ignored. Julie asked Brooke if she could watch her rub herself so she could learn to do it. By the time they had finally gone to sleep, they had fingered each other’s pussies, and tasted each other’s juices, and had both experienced multiple orgasms. Now I was totally consumed with lust for this 18-year-old beauty. I couldn’t wait to be alone with her and Brooke. 

Around ten o’clock, my guests were leaving my party and wishing me a happy birthday. It had been a wonderful party and one of my better birthday celebrations, but I had a feeling that it was about to get better. I was picking up around the house and throwing away the trash when I noticed that there wasn’t anyone around. Where had Brooke and Julie gone? I finished putting things away and went looking for them. I looked all throughout the house and couldn’t find them. It was really weird. As I was heading back down the hall, they jumped out from inside the closet they were in and shouted, "Surprise!” It truly was a surprise, because they were both naked. 

They took my hands and led me to my room. They began undressing me and I was getting very excited. I couldn’t keep my eyes off of them. They were both so beautiful. Julie had no tan lines at all. Her butt was so firm, and I couldn’t wait to touch it, smell it, and taste it. When I was completely naked, they laid me down on the bed. They started kissing every inch of my body. Brooke was telling me that she had told Julie of my interest in her, and how I wanted to have sex with her in every way possible. I asked Julie what she thought of that idea, and she replied by sucking hard on my nipples. 

Then she looked up at me with a beautiful, inviting smile and said, “Sounded really good to me,” Then she straddled my body and started humping her pussy against mine. I was ready to come right then. Then I felt a hand slide between us and it started rubbing my clit. That did it. I was coming like crazy. I reached up and pulled Julie down to me and kissed her. Our tongues immediately mingled together, and I felt like I could swallow her whole. “Save some for me,” I heard Brooke say. So Julie moved over and Brooke started kissing me also. Three hot tongues going at it and I felt like the luckiest girl in the world. 

Brooke kissed her way down my neck to my breasts and sucked and squeezed them, as Julie moved up to put her perfect breasts in my face. I sucked her erect nipples and squeezed her tits together so I could lick them both at the same time. Meanwhile, Brooke had started down my stomach. I spread my legs as wide as I could in anticipation of her arrival. Julie moved up further and I covered her beautiful tanned tummy with kisses as her wonderful scent began to fill my nose. Brooke’s tongue slowly covered the length of my wet lips all the way down to my butt, then back up, and then dipped deep into my hot pussy. I was now staring into Julie’s perfect pussy. It was only an inch from my face. 

I couldn’t believe how much I wanted this girl. I raised my head to kiss her mound, and she pressed it onto my mouth. My tongue went deep inside of her, and I wished it were longer so I could have gone deeper. Her juices covered my tongue and they were heavenly. They were thicker and sweeter than Brooke’s were. I put my hands on her firm butt and pulled her tighter to my mouth then I slid a finger down to her tight little asshole and rubbed it. I then replaced my finger with my tongue and suck it in her ass. She started to come instantly. I quickly moved my mouth back to her pussy and flicked her clit while I stuck my finger in her ass. I couldn’t believe how much she came. It actually gushed out of her and filled my mouth. 

I had to swallow a couple of times to take it all. I pulled away slightly to tell her how incredible that was. Brooke then informed me that this was my birthday present, that Julie ejaculates when she has an orgasm. She told me that she had learned this that night they had first been with each other. Julie asked me if I liked it, and I answered her by sliding my tongue right back into her pussy. “I think she wants more,” Julie said. “Well save some for me,” Brooke replied. Julie told her that there was plenty to go around, and that she needed to do some pussy licking real soon also. I sucked on Julie’s clit and fingered her ass again until she had another gushing orgasm. This time I didn’t swallow it, I held it in my mouth. Julie got off of me and I sat up. I cupped Brooke’s face in my hands as I lifted it from my crotch and brought her lips to mine. She opened her mouth and I let Julie’s come run out of my mouth into hers. We tongue kissed for a long while savoring Julie’s nectar. We stopped when we heard moaning. 

We turned around to see Julie laying on her back with her legs spread wide and rubbing her clit and her nipples. Without saying a word, we went to her. I straddled her face and she plunged her tongue deep into my sopping pussy. Brooke went to work on her pussy and ass. Julie was very good at eating pussy. I had three orgasms within five minutes. Seeing her pretty face between my legs was a definite turn on. She would look up at me with those beautiful eyes and I would come. Julie surprised me when I felt her tongue on my asshole. I guess I didn’t expect it, but it did excite me greatly. She then asked me to turn around, so she could get better access. I turned and put my butt right in her face. It felt incredible when she slid her tongue into my ass. Between that and having a perfect view of Brooke eating her out, I came again. 

Brooke had pushed Julie’s legs way up and was licking the whole length of her sister’s pussy. From her clit all the way past her ass and back up again. I reached under Julie and began fingering her ass again, while Julie concentrated on her clit. Julie started to buck wildly and Brooke was ready to get wet. Brooke rubbed her sister’s clit really fast as Julie’s orgasm hit. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Julie actually sprayed a thick clear liquid out of her pussy and covered Brooke’s face, neck, and tits. It was the sexiest damn thing I had ever seen. Brooke looked up at me and smiled. She looked so hot covered with Julie’s juices. She rose up and kissed me again, but didn’t allow me to lick it all off. She told me that Julie loved the taste of her own juices too. So I got off of Julie’s face and Brooke leaned down and kissed her sister. 
