 "But you're not even a mother!" I almost shouted

I was speaking as if I had a mouth full of peanut butter, as I had been caught so off guard by her statement that I had started speaking with my mouth still full of salad. Maureen just laughed at me. 

"I guess that's just the name the league started with... you don't actually have to be a mother to join. There is no Mother's test" She teased.

We were having lunch at the diner around the corner from the office and I looked around with embarrassment after my outburst, hoping no one from our office was within earshot. Maureen, or Mo as I have called her almost since we first met, and I have been best friends for ten years. We bonded almost instantly upon her first starting with our small firm. Sitting at lunch she had just nonchalantly mentioned that she has been wrestling other women in a 'Moms Wrestling League' for almost a full year. My initial response was more a result of the shock I felt from hearing about this for the first time. Mo and I share everything, there were no taboos, or at least I thought there weren't. That was a big part of why I was so stunned to learn that she had been doing this for almost a year and this was the first I was hearing of it.

I forced myself to slow down. I would at least finish chewing my mouthful of salad before ripping into her for keeping this secret from me for so long.

Deep breathe, trying not to chew like a cow, but anxious to get to my next several hundred questions, I was genuinely surprised by the anger that was welling up inside of me. This was a real betrayal. How could she not have mentioned this earlier, we talk about everything, there is nothing Mo doesn't know about me. Yet she had been in a 'WRESTLING' league for nearly a year and this was the first I was hearing of it.

"How did you get started?" I managed to stammer after a premature swallow of my half chewed salad.

"Do you remember Sally? She used to work in HR"

"How could I forget, she used to dress for work like she was soliciting money for sex!"

Mo chuckled and said "Well she mentioned it to me and I figured I would give it a go, it is the best exercise I have ever gotten."

This was undoubtedly true as it takes us back to how this conversation got started. Mo has always been very heavy ever since I met her ten years ago. At a short 5 foot 1 inch tall, I would guess she was usually around 150 pounds. She is fortunate in as much as she is very curvy, a good deal of her extra weight can be found in her ample breasts, and while she has always worn her weight well, there was no hiding the fact that she was a junk food junky. I never considered Mo to be fat though, her extra weight fit her bubbly personality and her eighties style teased hair frames her round face perfectly. I have always considered Mo to be extremely cute, but it is possible that her amazing personality plays a huge role in how unbelievably adorable I find her. Regardless of my mood, Mo has always been able to cheer me up just be walking into the room. That is such a rare gift that I have treasured our close friendship since we met, and I would dare say that I have never been as close with anyone as I am with Mo.

Still, I could not believe what I was hearing. A calming wave settled over me as I realized Mo was pulling my leg.

"Mo, you're so full of it, you really had me going there for a second. Now really, tell me how you lost those twenty pounds or you REALLY will be in a wrestling match much sooner than you expect."

"I am not pulling your leg, I really am in a wrestling league, and if you wanna know for sure, go ahead and come at me. I will have you crying mercy before your back hits the floor." She said with her trademark chuckle making the last two words sound like part of her laugh.

As I stared at her I could tell by her eyes that she was telling the truth. My calm was being replaced with the surprising anger I felt just a few moments prior, "How the hell did you not mention this earlier? I seriously want to kick your ass right now" I said without a trace of humor.

Her cold stare brought me back down to earth as she uttered two words I could tell she meant.

"Try it!"

A few moments of silence followed as I pondered the fact that in our ten years of friendship this was the closest we had ever come to an argument.

"I am sorry" I conceded. "It just really hurts to hear that you have been doing something like this for almost a year and this is the first that I am hearing of it."

"Well I wasn't sure how you would take it, I mentioned it to Doug and he nearly flew off the handle."

Mo's husband Doug was perhaps one of the mellowest people I have ever met, so I could see where she might be concerned about telling anyone else.

"I am not Doug, and could you really see me giving you a hard time about it?"

"That's why I am telling you."

"Yeah, nearly a year late."

Against my will a smile came across my face. I told Mo she was buying lunch and that was the end of my angst. I could not sit across the table from her and seriously be angry with her for more than a moment. Although she is a good ten years older then me, her smooth round face makes her appear that we are nearly the same age. Looking into those green eyes on her cherubic face, I could not possibly stay angry.

"You're the stingiest boss I have ever had." She replied with a chuckle and we were back on solid ground.

"So does Doug know you still wrestle?" of all the questions I had I don't know why I asked this first.

"No way!" she replied, "He was totally pissed when I told him I tried once. He totally shocked me."

We spent the next 30 minutes with Mo answering my seemingly unending stream of questions about her secret hobby. I was completely infatuated with the topic.

The league had been started by a judo instructor named Kylie. Kylie started a female only wrestling class on Saturday mornings, with about 4 women attending the first class. The class quickly grew in popularity and in no time at all women were organizing workout sessions from their homes. After some time a group of women got together and made it official, forming a league and naming it the "Moms Wrestling League", as most of the members were Moms looking to get in shape with a fun activity. They assigned tasks to league members, published schedules and hosted their first tournament. Soon enough there were tournaments being held about once a month. It has grown so quickly Mo told me over the dessert we were splitting that nearly any weekend you desired you could find a tournament somewhere.

Mo invited me along to her next training session but I had to decline. As a single mother of two and busy vice president within my company, I cannot pick up new hobbies on a whim.

"Come on" pleaded Mo, "Everyone is so nice, and it's tons of fun. Besides, you even said yourself that you were looking for some way to exercise more these days."

She had a point but I just couldn't afford the time right now.

"I would like to Mo, but I just can't manage it right now, maybe in a while."

"Well think about it, anyhow." She chided.

I agreed to think about it as we quickly got up from our booth, our lunch had run quite a bit over and we would soon be approaching the two hour mark.

As I sat at my desk for the remainder of the day I could not stop my mind from wondering to thoughts of Mo wrestling other women. By the time I was ready to leave for the day I had silently agreed to myself that I would make the time to go to a workout session at least once to see if I like it.

Sleep did not come easy for me that night as images of Mo wrestling other women would not leave my mind. As my fantasies got more and more detailed I found myself growing excited and eventually masturbated to thoughts of myself wrestling Mo. Other than a few make-out sessions in college I have never had any sexual contact with women. However I have always been attracted to women, and have had many fantasies involving other women, but have always been content with leaving those dreams in my fantasy world.

As a healthy 36 year old woman with perhaps a slightly higher than average sex drive, and very few inhibitions, I spend a good deal of my time feeling very horny. It didn't help at all that I hadn't had the slightest romantic contact in several years. I have had many meetings, regardless of whether it was with a man or a woman, where I would eventually start fantasizing about being with that person and spend the final portion of the meeting thinking about nothing but sex.

So the fact that I had gotten aroused from those thoughts of wrestling Mo did not surprise me, it was the level of arousal I attained that I found surprising. Masturbating to thoughts of rolling around with Mo in a desperate struggle gave me one of the best orgasms I had had in a very long time.

The next morning I was in the office early and I was so excited to tell Mo about my interest in a wrestling workout that I was nearly shaking. The wait for her arrival seemed endless and I was incapable of getting any work done. As I saw her walk by my office I greeted her good morning and followed her into her office, closing the door behind me.

"I have decided I want to a give it a try, when can I start?" I exploded.

Suddenly, with a lightning strike of realization, I felt my face start to redden as I was painfully aware of how desperate that must have sounded. My face only reddened more as I was irrationally certain that Mo must see right through me and somehow know that I masturbated myself to sleep with thoughts of wrestling her. But after a couple seconds of silence I could see her mind click and she remembered our conversation from the previous day. She laughed one of her great laughs and said "Sure, I almost didn't know what you were talking about there for a second. I can't go any nights this week but I am going next Thursday if you are interested?"

I made a concerted effort not to show any disappointment on my face, Thursday was over a week away, I wasn't sure I could wait that long.

I forced the next couple of words out of my mouth. "Sure, Thursday sounds great, you will have to tell me what I need to wear in case I have to go buy anything."

"I will tell you about it over lunch, your treat this time" she said with a good hearted laugh.

I agreed and turned to leave her office. Just as my hand reached the door knob I hesitated for a moment, not sure if I wanted to say what I was so desperate to say.

Mo noticed my hesitation "is there something else?"

"Are you sure you aren't going any night before then?"

Mo laughed out loud, "So typical of you, yesterday you couldn't do it, now you need to do it immediately." After regarding me for a moment and realizing I was serious and waiting for an answer, she told me "I am really sorry hon, but next Thursday is the first night I have available."

"No problem, I am just anxious to give a try now that I have decided to do it, I will be back around noon to take you out for lunch."

As I walked back to my office I realized my disappointment was bordering on depression. I committed to putting it out of my mind until the next week.

As I lay in bed that night it occurred to me that I had a better chance of holding my breath for 10 days than I did of not thinking about Mo and wrestling. I was so excited I brought myself to a record three earth shattering orgasms in one night. At first I was just imagining myself wrestling with Mo. But as my excitement increased my fantasies got more and more extreme. I kept thinking about Mo's giant breast's squeezed tightly against my own as we grappled for control. I have always been somewhat infatuated with women's breasts, and I have admitted to myself that if I ever were to be with a woman, it would be with a woman well endowed in those regards. In my fantasies that night I couldn't decide which would turn me on more, loosing to Mo or beating her, but one thing was for sure. The more intensely we fought in my minds eye; the more I was turned on. It got to the point where by my third and final orgasm of the night, my fantasy wrestling match with Mo had our clothes shredded to bits from our intensity and we were pulling each others hair out while squeezing so tight we were on the verge of suffocating each other. I had my third and most powerful orgasm imagining I had her head squeezed between my legs and I was grinding my extremely wet crotch into her face. The last thought I can remember before I drifted to sleep was that there was no way I would last until next Thursday.

The next day at work was Thursday, a full week before I would get my chance to wrestle Mo, but I was so busy that fortunately my mind was occupied for most of time there. Towards the end of the day things started to slack off again and my mind once again wandered to thoughts of Mo and wrestling. I hadn't seen her all day so I walked over to her office to see how she was doing.

"Hey Mo, whats up?" I asked as I strode into her office.

"Not much" was the response I got as I watched her move for her mouse just a bit too quickly.

"You looking at porn sites again?" I asked sarcastically.

She giggled as she confessed to a late afternoon game of solitaire on the computer.

"You're not going to dock my pay are you? You witch of a boss"

"I might" I told her, "What are you willing to offer?"

"You can have Doug for 6 months...wait, make that forever" joked Mo in response.

We both laughed. Mo joked about her husband Doug a lot but I knew she wouldn't give him up for the world, they had a great relationship.

Changing gears Mo asked me if I had any plans for the weekend.

"No, the boys are going to be with their father this weekend, so I have got nothing going on. Do you and Doug want to come over for dinner Saturday, or maybe a girls night out?"

"I wish I could" she told me "but we have got plans to see a show Saturday night."

"Oh well, bummer" was my only response. I got the details about the show they were going to see and we chitchatted for a few moments before I had to leave.

On my way out there door I heard Mo brighten up as an idea occurred to her,

"Oh Val, I have an idea. If you aren't doing anything on Saturday, and the kids won't be home, maybe I can come over your place in the morning for a couple of hours and I can teach you some wrestling moves so you can get a jump start on next Thursday?"

I was praying the look on my face did not belie how excited I was to hear her ask me that. It took every ounce of control I had to wait a few seconds, trying to appear calm, as if I were thinking about it, before responding that it sounded like a great idea.

I was so happy I nearly floated back to my office. I didn't even try to delude myself into thinking I would be getting any work done. As soon as I got back to the office I packed up my stuff and headed for home.

Needless to say, Thursday and Friday nights found me with very sticky fingers indeed. Saturday morning rolled around and despite getting hardly any sleep, I was wide awake at 6am. I had two hours before Mo was to show so we could start wrestling. I spent the first hour trying on every combination of sweat pants and sports bra that I owned. I wanted to look good, and I wanted my c-cup breasts to look nice, but I had two major concerns. The pair of sweats that I like best on me, are actually little more than a pair of tights, and with how excited I have been getting just from fantasizing about wrestling Mo, I had little doubt this sheer pair of sweats would show definite signs of my excitement, and that would be a terrible embarrassment. I finally settled on a pair of thicker sweats that still managed to make my hips, ass and legs look pretty darn good if I did say so myself.

After finally settling on my outfit it was time to set up the wrestling arena. Mo had said she would bring over the small wrestling mat she kept in the trunk of her car, but told me to clear an area and make sure to blunt any sharp or hard objects in the area with towels or blankets. My finished basement had a perfect sized spot in the middle of the room that was far enough away from anything that might hurt one of us with the exception of the couch legs. I moved a lamp out of the room and wrapped a couple of towels around the legs of the couch and surveyed the area. This should do fine.

Now I just had about 45 minutes to sit and ponder what wrestling moves I would make on Mo as we grappled about on the floor of this room. I imagined several aggressive bear hug type moves I could make that would force my shorter friends face to my cleavage. I imagined our crotches would spend a good deal of time pressed together and with a bit of luck perhaps even manage to get our faces in a position near each others thighs and hopefully wet pussies.

My erotic images of how this wrestling practice was going to pan out could not have been more wrong. At first Mo was just teaching me moves, ways to counter a hold that your opponent can put you in. I got tired of this quickly as it did not give me enough opportunity to rub myself against Mo and make her submit to me or even vice versa just as in my raunchy fantasies.

"Come on Mo, this stuff is lame, how bout we just wrestle and I kick your ass right now?"

She laughed a really hard short burst of a laugh and said, "I have been wrestling now for almost a year, it wouldn't be fair."

I felt a pang of anger shoot through my chest like a hot knife, I was instantly pissed and I couldn't tell if it was because Mo laughed so hard at the thought wrestling me or because of her condescending tone in telling me how long she had been wrestling. I really wanted to fight her right now. I would not give any hint as to my irritation as I new it would fuel me with a strength she could not possibly defend herself against.

Forcing a smile on my face I suggested we give it a friendly go around and jokingly asked her to take it easy on me.

Mo picked up on my sarcasm and said "sure, let's give it a try" and she picked up her arm in a sweeping gesture motioning me to the center of her large square pad on the floor.

I continued to keep my forced smile on my face as we squared off in the ring.

She wouldn't have any idea what hit her.

Instantly after she announced the match was on, I charged across the short distance between us and tackled Mo head on. I could see by the look on her face I had clearly caught her off guard as my arms slid under her armpits and I threw all of my weight into her. Our breasts smashed together as she tumbled backwards with me falling right on top of her.

I had intended to catch my fall on the padding with my arms extended out behind her, but had miscalculated how much shorter Mo was than me. With my arms under her arm pits and my momentum carrying me forward, my arms were nearly pinned straight down in front of me. As a result my full body weight came crashing down on her just a fraction of a second after she hit the ground. A huge blast of breathe came from Mo's mouth as the force of my body pushed all the air from her lungs.

She was clearly dazed from the impact with the mat and the crushing blow of my entire body landing right on top of her. I am not overweight, but at 5'8" with C cup breasts, I am a healthy 155 lbs. A pang of guilt wrenched my heart as I could see I just really put a hurting on my good friend. The feeling of guilt was almost instantly replaced with a euphoric glow as it felt so great as to act upon the anger that had welled up inside of me. Mo was so condescending and here she was on her back gasping for air under me.

I decided I needed to really make her regret doubting me. I reached down for her wrists and pulled her arms up over her head, I then straddled her legs with mine and started pushing down with my entire body so that I could pin her to the floor and make her submit. What a great feeling that would be, having her submit to me. I realized as I ground my crotch into her thigh and could feel my panties pushing into me that I was already soaked.
