 Written from the inspiration of experiences and friends, this fantasy is for reading pleasure and enlightenment. Any resemblance to actual persons or activities is coincidental.

*****

Several months had passed since Lori and Valerie met and discovered each other in the forest glade. They both held fond memories of the events that occurred during the weekend. Valerie decided to catch up with Lori where she lived, and the arrangements had been made. 

Val arrived at the airport with her belly awash with butterflies. Remembering the sweetness of Lori, the smell of her body and the softness of her heart, Valerie was certain the wetness in her pants would soak through as she walked through security to look for Lori.

Lori was not difficult to spot, even in the large, crowded terminal. Dressed in her leathers from head to foot, all five foot-one of her tiny friend looked absolutely delicious! Tall black boots covered the lower portion of Lori's legs. Tight fitting pants outlined all her attributes, including her soft mound. Valerie could see the tiny cleft of flesh pressing against the seam of the garment. A thin leather vest under the heavy jacket allowed Val to glimpse the upper surface of Lori's C-cup breasts and the smooth skin above as well as the slight exposure of Lori's belly above the low riding pants.

They greeted with a warm hug and a deep kiss, the kiss of re-united lovers, tongues exploring each other's mouth hotly. Hands roamed over leather and jeans, their passion increased with every swipe of a tongue. Lori broke loose and pulled Valerie behind her.

"In here!" She gasped out, leading Val to the restroom.

Lori took the backpack she carried and lay it on the counter. Val watched as parcels were spread on the shelf. Glimpses of black material showed through the open bags.

"I hope it all fits." Lori said.

"Fits? What do you have in there?" Val queried.

"I splurged, and got you some 'proper attire' of your own!" Lori giggled.

The packages were unwrapped, and Val gasped. A complete set of leather riding clothes! Quickly stripping off to her panties, she started to put on the pants, first. Lori stopped her with a gentle touch at the thin waistband. Her tiny fingers hooked the sides of Val's panties and slowly peeled them down. 

"No panties." She said simply. Then softly kissed the aromatic slit of her tall friend. The musk of Val's sex rekindled the heat in Lori's belly. A strong desire to kiss on her kitty until she came had to be suppressed for the time being. The fond memories overcame Lori, causing her own kitty to cream with nectar. A swift lick through Val's wet slit made Valerie tremble in a quick cum.

"Oh, Lori!" She gasped.

Val understood when she saw the lining in the upper part of the pants was black silk! She slid the soft leather over her thighs and zipped the front. Her long legs were a vision to Lori's eyes. Trim, slender, and tightly wrapped in the black sheath. Val's tight butt was outlined perfectly, as was the bulge between her thighs. Her trim legs were encased in the leather as if with a second skin.

"Ooohhh, Lori! They feel sooo good!" Val exclaimed as she smoothed her hands across her lower belly. She pushed the soft silk lined fabric up against her vulva and moaned softly. Her naked chest was soon covered with the vest that matched Lori's. Valerie's longer torso allowed more of her belly to show between the vest and pants.

"You look so hot, Val!" Lori bubbled with excitement as she pulled out the boots and heavy jacket.

The two girls were a very attractive pair as they strolled through the terminal. Men were twisting their necks as they passed by, and several women took long approving looks, too. 

Lori's new Harley-Davidson Low Rider waited for them at the curb. Bright blue and black with a fine assortment of chrome 'goodies', the machine stirred feelings in all who gazed at it. They put on the matching helmets and mounted the iron beast. It barked to life at the touch of the start button, settling into the familiar rumble of Harley's fame. 

"How do you like the new 'toy'? My brother, Ryan and I just picked it up yesterday."

"I love it!" Val replied. "Is your brother here? With you, I mean?"

"He's at my house. He sprung in on me last week, and we've been having a ball!"

Valerie's mind raced, not having planned on anyone else being with Lori while she was visiting.

As if Lori read her mind, she continued, "He knows all about us, and is really excited to meet you."

Valerie relaxed and settled in behind, wrapping her long, leather clad body around Lori's smaller frame. The aroma of new leather assailed both when Val hugged Lori tightly.

"This feels so good! I feel like this is where I'm supposed to be." Val whispered as she kissed Lori's neck. Lori squeezed Val's thighs in response before she kicked the massive bike into gear. 

On the highway, the cool air flowed around Valerie's body through the open jacket. The soft leather caressed her chest, and the combination of the fabric rubbing and cool air made her nipples stiff with need. She could feel the warmth of arousal flowing through her body. Her vulva was pressed tightly against Lori's backbone, transmitting the vibrations of the bike directly to her moistening kitty. The silk lining was literally stroking her erect clitoris when they rode over some rough pavement.

Lori could feel Valerie pulling tighter to her back. She knew exactly what was happening to her friend's body, because she was also getting wet from the close contact. She leaned against Valerie's chest and rubbed the taller girls breasts with her back. It was then that she felt Valerie tighten up and heard the soft moan above the roar of the bike's exhaust. She smiled and let herself cum, too.

Valerie cradled her head on Lori's neck for the rest of the short ride to Lori's house. She had never felt so at ease with a situation as she did with this. Even though she had never been here, it felt like she was coming 'home'. Valerie straightened up and got a bit nervous when she saw the other bike in the drive. 'That must be Ryan's bike' she thought to herself.

It was black and white, fully dressed with saddlebags and windshield. It was not as sparkly clean, like Lori's, showing many miles of hard riding. Lori pulled up beside the other bike and shut hers down. It was quiet, except for that hot pinging and crackling of the hot bike. The aroma of hot metal floated up to mingle with the scent of leather as the girls dismounted.

"Here we are!" Lori beamed. "Ryan's probably still waking up, he's a slow starter." She explained with a sly smile.

"Is .... is it going to be ... um .. okay with him here?" Valerie asked.

"Oh, yes! It will be more than okay! You won't believe how 'okay' it is around Ryan." Lori had a devilish grin on her face. She lead the way into the house and showed Valerie to her room. It was really a small 'office' the way it was set up. A small desk in one corner held a computer and sound equipment, and a futon couch filled one wall.

Valerie shrugged off the jacket and tossed it on the bed. Lori put hers next to it, then went in search of her brother. They found him huddled over a cup of coffee in the kitchen. His five foot seven body was clad only in loose running shorts, a quick glance by Lori confirmed that he was semi-erect, as usual. The tip of his substantial penis was poking out one of the shorts legs.

"Look what I've found!" Lori called out as they entered the room.

"Well, hello there!" Ryan smiled in greeting. "Who's your hot looking friend?"

"Ryan, this is Valerie. Val, Ryan. She's the girl I was telling you about, earlier."

Ryan stood and wrapped his arms around his sister, kissing her on the mouth. Valerie was not sure how to take the intimate show of affection, but filed it away for question, later. Ryan then moved to her and hugged her, too. He didn't kiss her, but held his face close to hers and smiled. 

"Very nice to meet you. Lori has told me so much about you."

"I hope it was good things?" Valerie replied.

"Everything I told him was good!" Lori interrupted.

"Coffee?" Ryan asked.

Both girls said 'yes' at the same time, and started giggling like school girls.

They settled in for coffee and got acquainted, soon talking away like old friends.

"Do you want to change?" Lori asked Val.

"Um .. yeah .. sure. That would be good." 

Valerie followed Lori back to 'her room' and Lori closed the door behind them, but not completely. She unbuttoned her vest and freed her swollen breasts from the vest, then began to undo Valerie's. She made it slow and soft as she pressed her palms across Valerie's A-cup chest. She felt the stiff nubs of Valerie's nipples between her fingers and raised her mouth to them. Gently sucking each through her teeth, she made Valerie moan.

"Now, we can get comfortable." She whispered. "I wanted to do this in the airport, you know."

"Mmmm, yes. I know. I was close to asking you to, when you brought out the presents. And when you licked my kitty! ... ohmygod ...." her words trailed off as she felt Lori unzipping the leather pants.

Kneeling at Valerie's waist, Lori's senses were overwhelmed with the scents! New leather, a freshly cummed kitty with nectar dripping from the crease of a swollen vulva. She felt as if she were in heaven with her angel in black! Her mouth moved towards the source of the aromatic fluid and her tongue extended to taste her friend's sweet juices. 

Valerie's hands gripped Lori's hair and gently pulled her closer, groaning as Lori's lips and tongue touched her clitoris. Valerie pushed her pants lower so that Lori could better tend to her aching need. Valerie's breathing turned sporadic and quick as Lori's tongue worked its magic on her clitoris. The wings of her vulva had spread, and the flower of her inner labia was blooming and damp with nectar.

"OH, Val! I've missed you! You taste soooo good! Cum for me, love. Cover my face with your sweet juice." Lori returned to her kissing on Val's kitty.

"Mmmmm. Feels so nice! I've missed you, too, Lori. I .... oh! ... ohmigod .... oh .. I'm .... ohhhhh I'mmmm cuuuuummmmmiiiinnnngggggg!" Valerie grunted and pushed her bely at Lori's face. Her hips jerked suddenly and the expected gush of girl-cum indeed soaked Lori's face. She lapped it eagerly, savoring the sweetness of the musk and the grateful moans of her lover. Lori, still on her knees, guided Valerie backwards, to the bed. When Valerie's legs touched the side, she fell onto the soft cushion.

Lori seized the moment to finish removing Valerie's pants, and peeled off her vest at the same time. Her breasts were at Valerie's kitty and her mouth began sucking on the soft flesh of Valerie's trim belly. Valerie opened her vest and Lori kissed her way up to Valerie's small breasts. The nipples were still firm, Lori could almost see them throbbing with each beat of Valerie's heart. She kissed each one then slid her leather clad body on to her tall friend to find her lips. Valerie'' arms pulled Lori up and tight as they kissed hot. 

"Lori! Ohhh! I can taste myself on your lips. You are so wonderful!" Valerie managed between kisses. Her body writhed in release, her hips were almost pounding Lori's face as the built up excitement finally found its end. Lori's kissing slowed as the orgasm progressed, allowing Valerie to regain her senses.

"Val, you are so good!" She said as her tongue wiped the glistening fluid from her mouth.

Valerie rolled Lori over and slipped off the bed. Her fingers were a blur at Lori's waist, the leather sheath fell to the floor in a heap. Lori spread her legs and offered her shaved kitty to Valerie's waiting lips. Her own excitement had her so close to release that she started to cum as soon as she felt the other girl's breath on her swollen, wet vulva.

"Ohmigod! Val! I ...I'mmm cumminggg already!!!!" Lori screamed in passion.

Her body shook even more as Valerie began to suck on her erect clitoris and thrust fingers into her blossoming vaginal opening. She could feel the gentle pressure of Val's fingers searching out the special spot just inside her hole. The way she curled the two fingers and straddled the almond sized area sent Lori into a frenzy of body wracking cums. 

"UUUHHH!! Vallllerieeeee!!" Her voice went very high and strained. "MY GOD!! It's soooo strong!" She gasped and felt her whole body become involved in the event. Her kitty spewed her nectar with such force that Val's face was covered instantly. The probing fingers continued to massage the inner surface of Lori's vaginal canal. Lori managed to pull Valerie up away from her quivering vulva and to her breast. 

She kissed Val hot and shared the aromatic fluid of her sex. It was some time before they both regained some composure and settled into one another's arms in an 'afterglow' hug.

"I brought some 'toys', Lori." Val informed her softly.

"Did ... did you bring 'him'?" Lori inquired.

"Uh-huh! I sure did. Do you want to use it, now?"

"Oh, yes! Let me do you, first?"

Valerie opened her bag and pulled out her strap-on. Lori took it and put it around her body with Valerie's help. The memory of the first time Valerie used 'him' with her had her juices flowing freely. She had discovered a new direction for her sexuality, that of the 'male penetrator' as opposed to the 'female recipient'. The pleasure derived from giving rather than receiving was different. 

Lori felt 'powerful' with the six inch phallus dangling from her belly. She understood more of the male libido and the related feelings. It made her wonder about the opposite side of the coin, a male being the receiver instead of the giver. Her brother had talked about that a long time ago.

The feel of Valerie moving on the bed brought Lori back to the present. Her long, thin body was stretched out, legs spread wide and arms outstretched for her lover. Lori knelt near Valerie's thighs and fingered Val's kitty to gather some lubrication for the 'cock'. Slathering the slippery fluid on the latex prong, she prepared to mount her friend. Their breasts rubbed together, nipples touching as Valerie placed the hard toy at her vulva.

"Fill me, Lori! Fuck me with your cock!" she whispered.

"Yes, Val. Here I come. Filling your kitty. .. OH! ... The other side feels so good!" Lori was gasping. It's pressing my clitty soooo hard!! ....OHHH ...OH, Val!!"

The thrusting of the two lovers didn't last long, as both were near an orgasm when they started. Val's body shook and her hips thrust up at Lori's 'penis' wielding body. The smaller girl pushed hard and as deeply as she could to prolong her girlfriend's release. Valerie's cries of passion drove Lori over the edge and she, too, screamed out her pent-up emotions.

"Ohmygodyesssssss!!! .. OH .... Ahhhhh, Vallllllll!!!"

Her body trembled from her size five feet to her brown hair. Her green eyes sparkled and closed as the heat of the cum washed completely through her. Her belly was on fire, despite the relieving moments of a few seconds ago. She felt a little empty, even though the strap-on had a protrusion on her end. It was only a few inches long, designed to stimulate the clitoris of the wearer more than anything else. Valerie sensed it, or rather knew it from experience, and quickly rolled Lori on her back. She undid the straps and took the phallus in her hand.

Lori watched as Valerie sucked her own juices from the latex before placing it at her still quivering vulva. Valerie didn't attach the device, but thrust it deep into Lori with her hand. She then lay on top, expertly inserting the smaller end in her own kitty. The rolling, rubbing action of her hips was different than the normal thrusting and belly slapping of male-female intercourse, that most girls are familiar with.

Lori savored the tenderness of the action. It felt more of a giving than a taking. The full contact of Valerie's long body on top of hers added to the pleasure. Their bellies touched, their breasts, hips, thighs, and even their feet were in soft, gentle contact.

The fire built and warmed her belly, gently overtaking the rest of her body in a slower release that seemed to last for ever. Even the breathing rate of both girls was slow and regular throughout the entire coupling.

"Val, that was so wonderful." Lori whispered as she ran her fingers through Valerie's short hair. "Only one other person has ever shared love with me that felt that nice"

"Boy or girl?" Valerie asked, with a smile.

"Mmmm, boy." Lori hesitated for a second then added, "A very special boy." 

She grinned big and kissed Valerie hot. Valerie explored Lori's mouth slowly. Her timing made everything move in slow motion. Her long fingers lightly caressed Lori's flesh as their lips moved apart. Lori's belly shook from the light touch and residual 'butterflies'.

Shifting positions, the two girls fell into a sixty-nine, where Valerie began to slowly lick through Lori's swollen, red slit. She explored the soft petals of the inner labia with her tongue, as well as the erect bud of Lori's clitoris. Lori jumped her hips up when the rough tongue circled her clitoris, then concentrated on duplicating Valerie's attentions with her own tongue.

Soft, muffled moans escaped their throats as each pleasured the other. Lost in the passion of their actions, neither one heard the door swing open. Lori sensed something and turned her head to see her brother standing at the door. Valerie couldn't see him because her head was away from the door and between Lori's thighs.

Lori smiled and winked at Ryan, who quietly slipped off his shorts to expose his erect eight-inch 'dragon'. Lori returned to her task with renewed vigor, as it was one of her brother's fantasies to see her sharing love with another girl. Valerie was humping Lori's face as her release neared, groaning into Lori's kitty all the while. As she reached her peak and cried out, both women got a surprise when they felt the hot, thick liquid fire from Ryan's penis splash on them.

The first shot hit Valerie's kitty slit between her vagina and anus, the rest flowed over Lori's tongue and face. Valerie spun off of Lori to see what had happened. At first she was shocked, then after glancing at the massive piece of meat still dribbling its essence, in awe of Lori's brother. It had been a long time since she had seen such a fine specimen of male flesh.

"Sorry, girls." Ryan appologised. "I heard you two and couldn't help but watch. I guess I got a little carried away."

"Um ... I .. It's okay." Valerie finally spoke up. "Lori told me you were well proportioned, but her description didn't do you justice." She finished with a smile.

Lori 'puffed up' and chastised Ryan for making a mess. 

"Now, big brother, you must clean up your mess!"

Ryan grinned and asked, "Where should I start?"

"Valerie looks like she needs more attention." Lori quipped. "Clean her first."

Valerie lay back and presented her cum covered vulva for 'cleaning'. Ryan knelt at the side of the bed and started lapping his cum from Valerie's thighs, slowly working his way towards her kitty. Lori directed Valerie to spread out and pull her legs back, so that he could clean all the way around her back door, too.

While Ryan was busy on Valerie's kitty, Lori started to kiss Valerie, letting her taste Ryan's cum on her face.

"He tastes good!" Valerie exclaimed as she continued to 'cat-wash' Lori's face.

"Wait until you try it, directly from the source!" Lori countered. "It is truly amazing!"

Before Valerie could respond, Ryan had reached her vaginal opening and had his tongue deep inside Valerie's body. Her squeal of delight as he tongued her inner flesh told both he and Lori that all was well 'down there'. Her hips jerked in a short cum as her 'bath' was completed. Ryan stood, his face glistening with Valerie's nectar.
