 I was standing in front of my tiny, jumbled closet looking in vain for suitable clothes to take to New Orleans. It had been sooo easy down in the Caribbean because all I needed was a couple pieces of floss to wear over my itty bitty titties and Brazilian waxed coochie. Rich, poor, who knew when you're half naked and dripping wet?

Who am I, you may be asking? I am Alexis, Queen of the Caribbean! No, this is not a story of a swashbuckling, big-tittied pirate like Anne Bonney (although THAT would be excellent grist for the erotica mill). Alexis is more a skinny, flat-chested, unbuckling type of girl who made her way across the aquamarine waters in a bazillionaire's yacht, carousing with some old and new friends in the teak and brass world of the super rich.

The dilemma with my wardrobe was that I was to attend a fancy-schmancy Valentine's Day/Mardi Gras party with my FRIEND Jay and her famous, super wealthy friends. Jay is an International film and TV superstar and I am a 21 year old, tomboyish waif who needs another nickel in order to rub two together. Jay is very cool about my lowly status and as a matter of fact, loves my smart mouth and unpretentious ways, I guess because of all the suck-ups in her life (here's where I modestly look down and say 'ah, shucks' while digging in the dirt with my big toe).

One other little factoid is that Jay is my employer. Jay insisted that I become her personal assistant and that I be paid a salary plus all expenses. I'm a little unclear what a personal assistant does. If it is personal in nature and I assist Jay in a carnal sense then yes, I am a personal assistant! Yahooooooo!

So, I'm packing for my new adventure with a tiny, niggling doubt about my ability to pull off this new incarnation of Alexis, Hand Maiden to the Stars! Where the hell are my harem pants?

I landed at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport (what a mouthful, huh?) right on time and promptly sat on the tarmac for 45 minutes. Normally, that would piss me off. But remember the expense account? I was sitting in first-freaking-class like a rock star. 

"Another champagne miss?"

"Oh, that would be delightful. Say, would you bring me another pillow too?"

The business mogul next to me was hoping my micro skirt was going to ride all the way up to paradise but occasionally I would tug it down a fraction of an inch, being the modest sort that I am. I did offer a peak down my blouse by leaning toward him a couple times but he was firmly fixated on my long, bare legs. I can't fault him; they are damned nice (you are going to HELL Alexis Noel for the sin of Pride, still number one on the Sins Chart. I know you may be reading Lit stories for other reasons but I'm sure you want to know the other six deadly sins: avarice, envy, wrath, lust, gluttony and sloth. Holy moly, I'm six for seven! I'm giving myself a pass on sloth, believing it to be an animal.)

Ok, after deplaning (have you ever seen the reruns of that old TV show 'Fantasy Island' where the little dude points to the sky and cries, 'De plane, de plane'? Whenever I 'de-plane' I always crack up thinking of that) I stroll through the security gates and guess what sports fans? An enormous limo guy dressed in a monkey suit was holding up a sign that said "Alexis Noel". I almost peed my panties I was so shocked! A limo? A driver? Moi?

Ever cool, I sauntered up to him, peered over the top of my black, knock-off Armani sunglasses, cocked a hip and in my best Mae West voice said, "I'm Alexis Noel." 

I'll hand it to this guy for not requiring identification because EVERYONE remembers when George and Jerry faked their way into a limo on that classic Seinfeld episode. He didn't bat an eye and simply said, "Follow me, Miss Noel. We'll get your bags and be on our way." Well, la-di-da, why not?

The limo guy could have auditioned for the Sphinx because he wouldn't say shit if his mouth was full of it. I was jabbering away like the magpie I am, asking questions about where we were going, what was that building, were you here for Katrina, do you eat crawfish, can we drive through Bourbon Street and other probing questions. The only answer he gave me was, "Miss Jay sent me."

Okaaaaay. 'Nuf said. The Sphinx cruised through the city finally getting to what appeared to a very old and ritzy part of N'awlins (see how quickly I pick up the native lingo?). He stopped in front of this GORGEOUS Greek revival mansion that had all the classic wrought iron railings and potted plants that you see in travel mags. I'm not shitting you, when we pulled to a stop, three, count them, THREE servants rushed to the limo, opened my door, grabbed my crappy luggage and hustled me into the house. They must not have gotten the memo that I was a servant too!

The foyer (I pronounce foyer with a French accent of course) was a sort of courtyard that was DRIPPING with more wrought iron and native flowers. A striking woman dressed in a quintessential French maid outfit approached me after giving me a moment to pick my chin off the floor. In what had to be a Creole accent she said, "Please follow me missy. I'll show you to your room." I'm a card carrying member of the Sexually Liberal and Uninhibited Team (SLUT for short). This French maid I was following up the stairs was inspiring all kinds of kinky fantasies. Focus, Alexis, focus.

My 'room' turned out to be a friggin' suite, dear readers. Four poster bed, crushed velvet wallpaper, antique dressers and a gol'-danged FAINTING COUCH. Ha! I could just picture myself holding my lacy handkerchief to my delicate nose and saying to Rhett Butler, "Oh Rhett, I do declare that I am feeling faint. I must have the vapors. Do fetch me my snuffbox, sugah."

The hot French maid showed me the suite and began putting my clothes away. I asked her when Jay was arriving so I could start my personal assisting. She pulled a fancy envelope out of her apron and handed it to me instead of replying. I thumbed it open and pulled out a neatly written note from Jay. It said, "Alexis, I'm so happy you are here! I'm meeting some other friends at the private airport. This is going to be SO MUCH FUN!!!" It was signed "J" with a little lipstick kiss beside it. 

I don't know about you, but my little button just got moist. I might need that fainting couch after all with the excessive ego boosting I was getting! 

After Frenchie left I explored my room further. Get this; it had a balcony that looked out over the French Quarter. There was a black horse with a red, plumed headdress clip-clopping down the cobblestone street pulling a white carriage. I pinched myself to make sure this wasn't a dream. I walked down the balcony and peeked into the other rooms. Oops, someone was coming into the room next door! Busted!

It was Jay leading her FRIENDS Cee and Ell into the suite. You know who I mean. My tummy was doing summersaults now. These girls were my idols for years. I fantasized about hanging out with them at the coffee shop. Now, they just caught me being a peeper. Gawd, Alexis, can't you do anything right?

As always when I'm embarrassed my brain shuts down and I do something really silly to divert attention away from my lunacy. Remember the scene in the movie 'Ace Ventura' when Jim Carey proved that screams could not have been heard with the sliding door closed? He opened and closed the balcony door several times while singing an operatic aria? That's what I did. I opened and closed the balcony door several times doing my best Jim Carey impersonation. (U-Tube it if you want a good laugh.)

One other little factoid is that Cee was in that movie and scene. When I finally shut up and walked into the room I found Jay, Cee and Ell clutching each other and laughing hysterically. Cee would attempt to talk but then she would kind of point at me and begin another bout of laughing and giggling. Jay walked over to me and hugged me close and said to the others, "I told you she was special!"

I hope that she didn't mean that I was one of the 'special' kids in school though Lord knows I qualified on occasion. Jay pulled me over to the other girls and introduced me to Cee and Ell (like I didn't know them already!). Since I had already broken the ice with my Ace act I got real deal hugs instead of the bullshit air kisses stuck up people do these days. I found out in the next few minutes that this was a girls only week and that we were going to party hard without any guys sniffing our crotches and humping our legs. 

Everyone got settled into their respective rooms which were all connected by the aforementioned balcony. Jay's suite was next to mine and Cee and Ell were further down the building. When Jay and I were alone I thought it time to ask Jay what her expectations of a personal assistant might be. I was still a little fuzzy about whether our torrid affair on the yacht qualified as personal assisting. My resume was going to be interesting reading if so. 

Jay responded by pulling me close and locking lips with me just like old times. While our tongues wrestled, our hands were caressing and teasing each other's bodies. Jay had on a tight pair of ripped and frayed blue jeans with cowgirl boots and a simple sheer white blouse. I was cupping her perfect butt in my hands while she made a move toward what the guy on the plane had hoped to see. My short skirt was hitched up in no time while Jay hooked my tiny thong with her fingers and pulled it down over my butt cheeks. 

So here I am with my best red thong down around my knees, my skirt pulled up to my waist and Jay probing my sleek, hairless pussy with her famous fingers. I guess this was her answer to my personal assistant question (I now grin at you in the audience). 

I spread my legs as far as I could given the limited elastic of the thong and let my fingers do some walking down Jay's silky shirt. I popped open a couple buttons so I could slide my warm palm under her sweet breast. She gave a slight gasp as I rolled her nipple between my fingers. I tweaked and twisted it gently and felt it harden under my assistance (get it? I'm assisting?).

Jay, in the mean time, found my little love button and was getting reacquainted. You may remember from previous episodes when I get properly stimulated, my clit stands tall and rigid like one of those funny soldiers at Buckingham Palace. So Jay is stroking and milking my slippery pearl and I'm pulling and tugging on her perky boobies when in bursts Cee and Ell from the balcony door! Oh fuuuudgggge. 

You've heard the saying 'looked like a deer in the headlights'? All four of us would at that moment be run over by an eighteen wheeler. We would be road kill venison. Four bambis on the bumper of life. 

I was looking from Jay to Cee to Ell and back to Jay. Cee's eyes were fixated on Jay's fingers which were partially buried in my sweet little pussy. Ell was running her tongue over her lips like she was seeing a watering hole after trekking across the desert. Jay had this enigmatic Mona Lisa smile on her face which made me wonder if she had hoped this scene might happen. 

I broke the spell by saying in my best assistant voice, "Ladies; coffee, tea or me?"

Jay beckoned Cee and Ell over to us with her free hand while she began stroking my wet pussy again. As they approached, Jay smiled at them and said, "Girls, this is my coming out party. I want you to be part of it. You are my best friends and you are closer to me than sisters. I don't expect you to switch sides but I do want you to experience the fabulous emotional release that this has brought me. Will you join us?"

When Cee got close enough Jay pulled her up against my bare butt, leaned over my shoulder and kissed her softly on lips. Ell wasn't quite so reluctant because she immediately began kissing me while Jay and Cee were tentatively probing each other's mouth with their wet tongues. Cee is a very tiny person but I could feel her nice sized breasts pressing against my back. Someone's fingers found one of my little pocket rocket nipples and began massaging it though my silky blouse. My boobs are so small I don't need a bra unless decorum calls for it. Decorum took the last train to Clarksville a long time ago.

Jay pulled away from Cee and turned to Ell who was still sucking on my tongue. Jay removed her hand from my drenched pussy and turned me around to face Cee. I took Cee's face in my hands and kissed her tenderly on the lips. She was just a little shorter than me so I could feel her come up on her toes to meet me. Jay pulled Ell close and kissed her with a wet, open mouth. My head was reeling with the wonder of it all. The idols of my childhood were kissing me and each other like an orgy in the Isle of Lesbos. 

Cee, who seemed a little reluctant at first, was now touching my hairless pussy with her fingertips. When her fingers made contact with my engorged clit her eyes got round with that classic impish look she demonstrated so many times on TV. I'm positive this was her first foray with another girl but it didn't take her long to start stroking up and down my wet, pink slit like a veteran. 

I decided to even out the nakedness a little so I unbuttoned Cee's blouse and unhooked her front clasp bra. One of the many things I liked about my idols is that they never did the big, fake boobs like a lot of starlets. Cee's were delightfully firm and perky, even though I knew she had given birth to a child. I cupped both her breasts in my hands and massaged her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers. She staggered a little against me when I pulled on them a little harder. Cee's fingers found their way inside me and were exploring the velvety walls of my pussy like a novice spelunker inside an unfamiliar cave. 

Meanwhile behind me either Jay or Ell was running their finger down the crack of my butt. Since I was the only one with her panties down I guess I was fair game. Let me think...do I mind or not? NOT!

With all the shifting, squirming bodies it was amazing it didn't happen sooner but guess who lost her balance? I couldn't help it! My panties were around my knees, I had Cee's fingers deep in my pussy and someone was touching my little brown hole from the back; I tried to catch myself but my hands got tangled in Cee's open bra so we all tipped over into a mass of bodies like a game of twister gone very, very kinky. 

I know you've heard Ell's laugh on their show. Oh my God, did that ever start the giggles. We sounded like hormonal, teenage girls on a sleep-over. Jay was on top of me so I decided to see if she was ticklish. She started shrieking with laughter as she tried to get away from me. Cee rolled over on Ell and started teasing her mouth with her hardened nipples. I don't know how discrete the staff was at this joint but I hoped they were sworn to secrecy.

Jay found her way between my legs and tore my thong off which freed my legs to spread further. She licked her way from the bottom to the top of my slippery slide, lingering on my wet clit, rolling it around with the tip of her tongue. Since we were close to a sixty-nine position I took the opportunity to unbuckle her jeans and unzip them. I peeked through Jay's legs to see Ell grinning at me. 

"Ell, help me get these tight jeans off this girl!" I exclaimed. 

We managed to pull Jay's jeans down to her ankles but her cowgirl boots prevented total removal. The little devil was riding bareback today so her sweet pussy was open for business immediately. Ell and I brought our faces together between Jay's legs. I spread her knees as much as I could given the tangled mess around her ankles. Ell began licking from the crack of Jay's ass toward her pussy while I worked from her clit to her butt. Ell and I licked the juices off each other's face when we met in the middle. 

Cee and Jay had followed our lead because I could feel another tongue probing between my ass cheeks. Cee and Jay were moaning as they licked and sucked my drenched snatch. Ell brought a finger into play by teasing Jay's puckered brown hole with the tip. Jay was so wet from all the saliva that Ell's finger easily slid into her backside. I knew Jay liked it because a gush of pussy juice poured out of Jay into my waiting mouth. 

Because I'm a personal assistant, I work with logistical issues all the time (well, for half a day so far). Can you spell 'daisy chain'? I thought it wise to get everyone naked and participating in a fair and equal manner. Reluctantly, I pulled away from Jay and Cee to declare that everyone should be nude and lewd. Oh my god, the clothes were soon flying into the air like the tornado scene in 'The Wizard of Oz'. 

Ell has an elegant, pale body with nice, pink tipped breasts and wispy, blond pubic hair shaped into a heart. Cee's body is more compact with dark areolas on her rounded boobies and black pubes neatly trimmed into a classic landing strip. She has a teeny little tummy probably because of the baby but she obviously has worked hard to stay in shape. Jay's sweet little conical breasts were bobbing as she hopped around trying to get her boots off. 

I pulled the covers off the huge bed and threw them on the floor. I took Ell by the hands and led her to the top of the bed and 'arranged' her on her side. All of these girls are actresses so they are used to direction (maybe not QUITE like this, but for this first time in lesbo-land maybe it was easier to accept direction than to wonder what to do next). I was Fellini and Polanski and Russ Meyer all wrapped up into one sex-aholic film director.

Next, I grabbed Cee by the shoulders and laid her down perpendicular to Ell, gently raising Ell's leg so Cee could access her cute little beaver. Cee laid her head on Ell's thigh and tentatively licked at her pink slit. I placed Jay so Ell's head was between her sleek thighs. Now there was only one piece left to fit into this jigsaw puzzle. I nuzzled between Cee's legs and lifted my leg so Jay could access my excited pussy. 

Isn't this a fun image? Four gorgeous ladies (ok, three gorgeous and one skinny twig) simultaneously lapping away on the free flowing pussy juice of the girl in front of them. Another appropriate phrase comes to mind right now; 'Having your cake and eating it too'! I was plumbing the depths of Cee's drenched pussy with my tongue while I pulled and twisted her nipples with my fingers. In the meantime, Jay was rolling my swollen clit around with her tongue like a Brahma bull butting a rodeo clown in a barrel. 

I can't speak for anyone else but I was in heaven! I lifted Cee's leg a little higher so I could push my tongue deeper into her pinkness. She moaned as I massaged her most intimate parts with my probing tongue. I brought my hand back from her breasts and used my fingers to hold open her pussy lips. Her sweet clit was shiny and red and squirted a little juice when I squeezed it. Cee was squirming with excitement which probably caused her to work on Ell's love button even faster. 

My own clit was bobbing and weaving like Ali doing his rope-a-dope boxing routine. Jay had inserted her thumb into my pussy while she continued to suck on my erect clitty. She was also probing my brown, puckered hole with her wet finger. I pushed against her finger to encourage her to go for it. Jay's long, elegant, middle finger easily slipped past my guardian sphincter muscles. She pinched her thumb and middle finger together inside me which shot a rocket up my spine. I screamed as an orgasm swept up and down my body. I clinched Cee's ass cheeks with both hands and drove my face deep into her drenched pussy.

I could feel Cee's leg muscles tense as she was pushed over the edge. It was like a chain reaction car wreck on a foggy Interstate highway, except a LOT more fun. Cee bucked into Ell's pussy like a newborn calf wanting more milk. Ell moaned loudly and was soon joined by Jay, who was chanting 'Oh my God, Oh my God' whenever she came up from mouth-fucking my clit. Meanwhile, she never missed a stroke going in and out of my pussy and ass with her thumb and finger.
