 The following is a work of fiction. I welcome feedback.

***

I didn't have much vacation saved up at my work and I didn't have much of anyplace to go. A couple of bad relationships, a couple of shouting matches, a couple of drunken nights and some friends had dissipated or grown colder; nothing I needed, nothing that hadn't happened before. Off to Las Vegas, three suitcases in my trunk and seven hours of quality time with the 95 and I'm sitting in some shitty hotel room. For the first few hours I smoked cigarettes and watched the TV flicker, watching mostly situation comedies. The sun went down outside, I crumpled up my empty pack. No more cigarettes means time for me to leave the room.

I bought a pack downstairs and walked over to the slot machines. I find that a couple of hours worth of slot machines is a cheaper way to get a buzz than sitting at a bar as long as you're playing nickel slots and playing slow. I watch the wheels spin hundreds of times; win once, twice. An old man comes up and starts playing next to me, the smell of his Barbisol and whiskey sours mixing with my screwdrivers and Pall Malls. The old man is stealing side looks at me. I fidgeted a bit in my skirt, it rode up past my knees and I saw the man's eyes get bigger. One last pull of the lever and I got up, the man turned and gave me a huge grin. If he wasn't toothless he was at least close to it. I looked him over without making eye contact and walked to the bar. Men will always try to fuck you. I'd be willing to bed that they're flipping up their bedsheets and trying to show their boners to nurses when they're in rest homes.

If they still have boners in rest homes, probably by that point they can't get it up anymore.

I whistled tunelessly to myself as I crossed the room to the bar and sat down by myself with a seat open next to me. Didn't take long until some blond guy with a square jaw was sitting next to me. He'd just flown out of Kansas and was trying to fit in the vacation of a lifetime. I let him keep on buying me drinks and I played the part of a Vegas girl, telling him stories as I thought of them and laughing at his jokes. He was starting to look pretty good to me and when he put his hand on my knee I didn't say no; when that hand exerted pressure to spread my legs I didn't fight to keep them closed. I turned towards him at the bar and I felt him leaning in closer hands gripping up on my hips and pulling me closer too.

Bad kissing doesn't even really describe what happened next. His mouth was open in a little pucker hole and his tongue darted in and out again just barely pushing into my mouth. He let out some sort of high pitched sound which sounded like nothing so much as a chipmunk caught in a garage door. Maybe I'm exaggerating how bad it was, but I don't think by much. People should come with warning labels. I'd probably tattoo ``terrible fucking kisser'' on this guys forehead. Maybe he'd confused my mouth with my cunt; but even then I'm sure I wouldn't enjoy this limp little tongue in my body.

I made an excuse as soon as possible and slipped out of the bar. I don't wear my watch in Vegas. They don't want me to know what time it is and I'm in agreement with them on that score. Why let your life be ruled by a clock or the sun? Free your mind, Free your cunt. Get fucked up.

I took an elevator up to my room. I felt a little aggressive and wanted to drunk-dial an ex or two but instead I stood in front of the window of my hotel room and looked down on the strip below. The people were ebbing, it must be late. I lifted one of the curtains with my left hand and held it in front of me, about hip height and I lifted my skirt with my other hand and started rubbing my lips through my panties behind the curtain. I pursed my lips as I stared at my own reflection, dusky skin, dark hair, dark eyes, I wanted to cum. I wanted to reach through the window and grab myself.

I liked masturbating in front of the window but my arm got tired holding the curtain after a minute or two and I could tell I wasn't getting any closer to coming. I let the curtain drop and my panties fell to the floor as I walked over to the bed. I lay with my legs spread and rubbed my nub with the tips of my fingerprints. So vanilla and lovely I almost fell out of my skin, almost fell out of my bed. Alone and surrounded by people. I love Vegas.

The next morning I took my bags and checked into the Luxor. The disadvantages of staying in a hotel with only one bar were obvious to me. I only had one more day in Vegas so I wanted to make it count for something. Soon I was in another room smoking what I had left of my cigarettes. This room had a full length mirror in it and I sat in front of it, my skirt pushed up to my hips, legs spread, pantyless. Inhaling the cigarette I blew it down on my slit, black hair with some errant grey working its way slowly into my sex. I was wet, a little. One finger rubbed into the wetness while I looked back up at the mirror, this time blowing smoke all over the reflection of my face. I stood up, leaving my panties on the floor and walked down to the bar. It felt a little daring to take the stairs, it always makes my heart beat faster to be without underwear and wearing a skirt and for the first few floors my heart was pounding so hard that I felt a little dizzy and leaned on the railing. Hell, it's probably just all the smokes.

The main room of the Luxor looks like Caesar had sex with Cleopatra and they had bad taste for a baby. I wandered into one of those buffet places and paid my money to get in. I don't like eating alone so I sat down at the bar. The waitress behind the bar was chatty. Some blond number who had moved here from Florida, not really to strike it rich, I figured, but just to strike it different. Her name was Amy and by the end of the meal I sort of liked her. She had that buxom little midwestern milk cow look going, big breasts barely held back by a bra, sticking out of the front of her body like a couple of torpedoes. Lopsided grin, friendly smile. I left her a twenty as a tip and got up to go to the bars.

A long night, a lot of men buying me drinks. Laughing and laughing...eventually a group of four of them were following me around, all strangers to each other, all vying for my attention. That part I like, but they were sort of indistinct, I kept on forgetting their names or confusing them. There was a Frank and there was a Ralph and I'm not really sure which was which but one caught me on the way back from the restroom and was kissing me before I really knew what was going on. I felt the pressure of his cock pressing pretty hard into my right hip and I faintly felt the sound of my pubic hairs grinding against my skirt as his free thigh was pushing into me there. Something about the situation triggered something in me that I didn't like, arising panic in the back of my throat.

I broke the kiss, breathing hard, half turned on and half alarmed. My voice, high and fast, saying something, though I'm not sure what. Stepping back, or trying to, a little shove and he went down , tripping over his feet and falling on the floor. Man falling, man crashing, I didn't stick around to see how he was, walking briskly away and turning left to go straight out of the bar and then left again. I went all the way to the restaurant where I'd had dinner, my heart racing again. I knew I was breathing hard and I was pink, I'm sure. I'm always pink when I'm nervous.

That waitress that served me earlier was in the restaurant when I walked in but the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty. ``What'll it be, darlin?'' she asked as I sat down at the bar again, my legs trembling as I took the weight off of them.

``s...screwdriver.'' She smiled sweetly at me and poured some orange juice, splashing some vodka on top of it and stirring, putting it into my hand. I felt calmer, more at ease now. I sipped the drink looking at her breasts. Her neckline was plunging so much that I could see her bra, a little black strap going across her heart. Her smile got a little wider and she poured another screwdriver for herself, leaning forward on the bar ``I just got off work.'' she said, downing about half of it. My eyes drifted up from her chest...she had fine veins running under the skin of her chest that you could just barely see if you stared for long enough. She had the barest beginning of a double chin and her eyes were impossibly blue catching and holding mine. I stared at her for a few seconds...drunk when I felt her fingers pick up my free wrist and turn it over.

``You got real pretty hands, wish I could tan like you do but I just burn.'' she put my wrist on the bar counter and her index finger trailed from my wrist down the palm to my ring finger. ``You know, it's time to shut down this whole bar now but I don't think they'd miss a bottle if you wanted to go upstairs and have a quick drink?'' two of her fingers pressed down close to the base of my ring finger.

Sometimes you say yes. I've never been like that with women but the next moment I'm conscious of I was in the elevator and she had pushed my back up on the wall. Her breasts were pressing up against mine and, and her face was close to mine, I could smell her foundation and then I felt her lips touch mine very softly, and then again, and then again. Her hands were gripping my hips; I had to breathe through my nose. Her hip was pushing up against my crotch, I again heard my pubic hair grinding against the fabric of my dress and I wondered if she could tell that I didn't have any underwear on. The elevator was slowing and she broke the kiss. Her eyes were wide and her lipstick a little smeared around the edges, her hands still gripping my body as she stepped slowly back; hands falling to the side as the elevator door opened.

I let her into my room and she picked me up, carrying me over to the bed. The unhealthy orange glow of Vegas poured in through the hotel window shining up a patch on the wall and ceiling brightly enough that I could still see her in the room. She lay me down and her mouth came down again, those big lips touching me; her breasts heavy on my chest. My heart was pounding, I felt her hand reaching inside my top, cupping my breast. My nipple hardened so much that it was almost painful to me. Her tongue barely coming inside of my mouth, this time I could breathe around her kiss...breathe and make a whining wanting sound that I'd never made before. My hands came up behind her body gripping her shoulders.

She stood me up and stripped me and herself both. My mouth was on her neck and her earlobes, kissing and sucking. I felt wild, so turned on. I opened my eyes, broke the kiss...my brown arms locked around her waist as her zipper purred and her own dress fell to the floor. Her bush was big and as blond as the rest of her, so light it was almost invisible. I reached over and turned on the light next to the bed. The light bathed her belly and breasts and I could see more of those pale veins across her skin.

She pushed be gently back on the bed, holding on to my hips as I'm lowered, and I tangled my hands in her hair. Her mouth came down onto my breasts kissing the nipples lightly while her hand slipped down into the curls of my pubic hair. My legs opened up, I could feel her finger sliding down in between my lips while she loved my chest. I whined a little more and then moaned, my fingers making little ringlets out of her head as I worked my hands through it.

Her finger opened me up sliding up inside. My body gripped it, then released...my face and top getting hotter and hotter. She growled as her teeth gripped my nipple pulling on it ever so lightly as she fucked me. Her fingers felt harder than a cock, my hands moved down out of her hair and her blond curls tumbled over my chest and I ran my fingers up and down her back. She kept on fucking me, my fingernails trailed across her back. She kept on fucking me, my fingernails started to dig into her back. She inhaled sharply, lifting her head from my aching breasts and brought her finger out of my cunt. I ached for the loss of it, I wanted it back inside of me, stroking me. The sound of protest I made was cut off by her mouth pushing down on me as she moved forward her hands gripping my wrists hard enough to hurt. Her thigh pushed my legs open, my pelvis moved up. I could feel her thigh covering my whole sex as she dragged it up and down rubbing on me, my cunt smearing her belly and pubs is she pushed hard again and again. She'd pushed her own pussy down on my leg hard enough that I distantly felt pain through the pleasure coming out of my clit. 

My breath was coming in short spurts through my nose; her breath fanning down on my face. I came, my legs wrapping around her thigh as my eyes squeezed shut. For a few heartbeats I just felt my insides pulsing as I broke away from her face, my breath coming in short spasms onto her shoulder. My feet and toes curved, my consciousness swooned away, she didn't slow down at all and I distantly heard her own sounds as she went over her own waterfall.

Afterwards we smoked cigarettes; I lay on the bed, the ashtray in between us, passing back and forth the bottle that we had stolen. I was a puddle on the bed, surrounded by her big breasts, her milky skin.

Things become spotty, I'm in the shower and she's holding me up against the wall, I feel her fingers playing with my mouth and soon one of them probed up against my little hole in back. I feel so dizzy and drunk as I feel her pushing up into my asshole, my buttocks clenching.

When I wake up I'm lying in the bed clean, naked. I'm alone and the sun is barely managing to peek under the heavy curtains. My head and body hurts like it seldom has before in a long life full of alcohol use. It was a slow morning, making my way to the shower, letting the water run over my face...feeling the tension slowly fade as much as it could. I gathered my bags, took breakfast at the same restaurant where I met her. Leaving Las Vegas always makes me feel empty, but this time in particular it did. Time to go back to my job, back to all the same group of assholes, away from everything that seems possible and real here.

It was a lonely drive home.