 Hey! Casually remembered I have an account here, so I decided to do a new take on what I posted previously! Obviously, the plots are very similar, but the names are changed and there is an attempt at more character development! Feel free to leave any suggestions as to how I should pick this back up! 

Just to make it known, this story features some elements of Non-consensual sex, in addition to some substantial emotional manipulation. Consider this your friendly trigger warning, loves!

-Vindictive

*****

Emma and Noah had been friends for years. They played opposite of each other during their middle school plays, partnered on school projects, saw movies together on the weekends, the whole nine yards. Everything that could be done as a duo, they did it together with bounds of laughter beside one another the entire way through. Even during the summer before they left for (the same) college, they were spending each final second by the other's side. It could be said that Emma absolutely loved Noah. 

He just didn't feel the same way.

Emma knew this, and took it in stride, casually flirting and being the perfect girl-friend that she could, even though she never would date her childhood best friend. She decided to go with the friend-zone-flow and became Noah's ideal "bro." He didn't mind because he loved her too, unfortunately not in the way she ultimately wanted, though. Nevertheless, they were close, close friends: anyone could see that.

However, this slowly became a bit of an issue whenever Emma was around Noah's girlfriend, Isabelle.

Isabelle was beautiful, sweet, and sincere. She was the star striker on the women's soccer team and had the body to prove it. Killer thighs, fit calves, and a perky and round butt with the flat stomach to boot. Behind that enchanting smile, brown hair and those ocean-blue eyes was a lovable, well mannered, and hilarious bubbly personality that was infectious to everyone around her. That's why Noah and Isabelle hit it off so well and kept it going for the last few years of high school and into the summer where this story takes place.

The problem is, Emma doesn't have a real reason to hate Isabelle. Besides being in the position that she herself had been coveting for most of her later childhood, Isabelle had done nothing wrong to Emma. In fact, she was nicer to Emma than one would ever expect. She respected her rights to her friend and never tried to overfill Noah's schedule with just herself. 

Then what's the deal, Emma?

That's just what she was thinking to herself almost nightly during that hot and humid June. Was it that she just wasn't as fit as Isabelle was? She was chubby, sure, but Emma had a significantly larger bust than Isabelle did. And although they had a few more jiggles than Isabelle's, Emma's ass and thighs were much larger and more playful. Was it the way she dressed? Was it her sense of humor? Was it that she was just too much like a friend to him? She couldn't figure it out. Although she knew that in her heart of hearts that she had no reason to, Emma had developed a deeply seeded lament for Isabelle and her perfect self.

She wanted what she had. Maybe it wasn't something so far out of reach, Emma thought. So she developed a plan to see just what Noah saw in perfect girlfriend. She was going to find out just what Isabelle had that she didn't, at whatever cost.

———————————————————————

Isabelle was with a couple of girlfriends at the mall when she received Emma's first text. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary from their decently regular conversations, just a little blue notification with a deceptively simple message:

"Hey, what's up?"

"Oh, nothing much," Isabelle replied, "just shopping around to see what's on sale!" There was a brief pause:

"What's up with you?"

"Oh, nothing..." Emma replied, "just sitting around alone at home."

"Oh? Want the girls and me to come over? We could watch a movie or something with you if you want! Or we could swing by and pick you up if you wanna come shopping!" Isabelle replied, trying her best to be polite.

This wouldn't work. She needed Isabelle alone. 

"I was actually feeling kinda blue, and I really just wanted to talk to someone. Like you and me, ya know?" Emma responded, coyly.

Isabelle understood entirely. She had seen a terribly sad documentary the other day, and if Noah weren't there she would have been an absolute mess for weeks!

"I know exactly what you mean. Want me to come over? Or do you wanna grab some ice cream! That always makes me feel better!"

Wow, that was easy. 

"If you wanna come over you can, I'd rather not get out of the house. :) " Emma cooed.

"Sure! I'll be over in 15!" Isabelle replied, energetically. "Sorry girls," she said to the group, "gotta run. Emma needs a chill pal." 

"Oh, sure!"

"No problem!"

"Tell her I said that I hope she feels better!" they all chimed, glad that their golden-child friend was willing to take that bullet. None of them really knew Emma, but they had heard nice things from Isabelle. 

A couple of swipes of a plastic credit card and a few handbags later, Isabelle was headed on her way to her supposed friend's house, unknowing of what could possibly happen next. 

-----------------------------------------------------------

As her friend traveled, Emma changed into something more... docile. She didn't want to appear like she had something explicit planned, right? Emma meandered her way to her wardrobe where she slipped into a lacy purple bra with a devilish black thong. These would look lovely, she thought. Sliding into a pair of black leggings and a cozy grey sweater, Emma looked as melancholy as she pretended to be. She grabbed a few things she would need from her dresser and toted them into the living room, placing one by the coasters and the other two in a drawer of the same coffee table.

Unsuspecting, innocent, and malicious. The deck of cards almost looked like it was already a part of the living room aesthetic. 

She turned on her T.V. and laid on the couch. She should arrive any minute, like a lamb to slaughter, only this time Emma would be playing with her food.

Ding! Knock, knock, knock!

Right on cue.

The light beamed in as the door swung open as Isabelle entered, almost like an animated princess. She stood excitedly in the entryway, her hair cascading down her shoulders like a brunette waterfall. Her demeanor was that of pure joy, her smile only to be matched by her deep ocean-blue eyes. Wearing a graphic tank top, denim shorts and a white pair of shoes, Isabelle was a beauty.

"Hey!" she chirped, overly excited to be here for her friend.

"Hey," Emma replied, playing into her plan, "how are you?"

"I'm doing wonderful, thanks! What's up, girlfriend?" Isabelle beamed as she walked to Emma, gave her a calming hug and sat down with her on the couch.

"Oh nothing much, just kinda here," Emma said, as velvety and passive as she could muster.

"Well we can do whatever you think will make you feel the best," Isabelle quickly chimed "it can be a movie, a game, we can go shopping, go get food, anything! Just let me know!"

Oh come on now, she even suggested it. This wasn't nearly as hard as she thought this would be.

"Sure! I have some cards here, wanna play something funny? Like a strip game?"

"Uhh, I don't mind, as long as it's something easy! It's just us here, right?" Isabelle giggled nervously. She wasn't all that good at card games as is, let alone ones where her clothes were on the line. No matter, though, she was willing to amuse her friend. And besides, where's the harm in some silly fun?

"Yeah! It's just you and me." Emma said, internally screaming with evil joy that her plan had come to pass. She grabbed the cards, gave them a quick false shuffle, and handed Isabelle her jaded stack of cards.

"We'll just play War, it's not that hard. You flip one out and the highest card wins. Loser takes something off. That sound fine?" Emma said with a queer smile.

"Yeah!" said Isabelle "What happens when we run out of clothes?"

"I don't know, we'll order a pizza and we'll both answer!" Emma lied. She knew that she had already won, regardless of how many pieces of clothing she lost.

"Risque! I like it! Let's play!" giggled Isabelle. It sounded weird at first, but she felt like this was about to be really fun.

"Okay! One... two... three!" 

Two cards hit the coffee table at once. On Emma's side laid a jack of spades, and on Isabelle's side sat a five of diamonds.

"Oh dang!" Isabelle said, pouting jovially as she kicked off her shoes and socks. Emma squirmed in her seat, ready for her prey to end up naked in her house.

Emma met Isabelle's gaze, and each gave an excited and nervous giggle. 

"One... two... three!"

"Wow, unlucky today, huh?" Emma pouted, mocking Isabelle while looking at the cards. Isabelle had a ten of hearts to Emma's king of clubs. 

"I guess," said Isabelle, a little nervous. She somewhat enjoyed the feeling of Emma watching her lift her tank top over her head, revealing her soft flat stomach and a tight baby pink sports bra. Her chest bounces slightly with her movement as she situated herself, catching the glare of her opponent. 

Emma couldn't take her eyes off of her breasts. Isabelle was containing a beautiful bust behind a slimming bra, and it drove Emma mad. She had to see more of her.

They locked eyes. The tone shifted as the numbers rang.

"One... two... three!" 

"Really... unlucky." Emma mumbled, looking at the cards. Isabelle wasn't even close to keeping her clothes on.

She slowly got up, giving a nervously faked chuckle as she turned around to face the wall instead of her friend. This felt wrong, but she agreed to play. She unbuttoned her denim shorts, slid down the zipper and ran her thumbs around her waistband, pushing her shorts down past her curvy ass, revealing her perky and bouncy ass clad in a matching pink thong. 

Clink! 

She felt something cold around her hand-

Clink!

She tried to pull her hands to her front but they were... restrained? It felt like she had been-

"Handcuffs, Isabelle. You're mine now." Emma's voice pierced. Isabelle's shorts slid down her legs, leaving her in her underwear as she turned to face her opponent.

"What? I don't understand?!" Isabelle said, alarmed. She watched as Emma stood up, smiling and lifting her own shirt to reveal a bouncy pair of contained breasts. She leaned over to the opened drawer and grabbed what looked to be a large dildo on a harness.

"You don't have too, you just need to relax," said Emma, pushing Isabelle back onto the couch, her cuffed hands behind her. 

"What are you doing?! This isn't funny!!" Isabelle said, raising her voice. Emma sat the large plastic cock on the table as she leaned into her prize. 

"Oh you're right, Isabelle, it really isn't funny at all..." she cooed as she rested her forehead against her trapped toy. Emma grabbed the bottom of Isabelle's tight bra and lifted it over her chest, allowing a full perky C cup to come spilling out. Her soft and plump nipples quickly hardened to the sudden change in the air, and Emma loved every second. 

"Stop it right no- mmngh!" Isabelle tried to say as Emma forced their lips together, allowing her hands to wander to Isabelle's lovely chest, twisting, cupping and lightly slapping Isabelle's vulnerable breasts.

"Why are you always hiding these, Isabelle? They're perfect." Emma said flatly, breaking the kiss. Emma roughly cupped each of Isabelle's breasts, rubbing them and toying with her nipples. Isabelle shivered and whimpered.

"Why are you doing this to me?!" Isabelle pled as Emma aggressively kissed her neck, moving down her body only to stop above her right nipple.

Emma paused,

"I don't know." 

Emma put the hard nipple into her mouth, flicking it with her tongue and gliding her teeth over it, making Isabelle gasp. She went back and forth to each of Isabelle's perfect mounds, nibbling and sucking on one as she pinched, cupped and slapped the other. Once she was satisfied, she started licking and kissing Isabelle's soft stomach, occasionally biting playfully. 

"Emma I don't like this!" whimpered Isabelle.

Emma leaned back as she grabbed Isabelle's thong with both hands and pulled, exposing Isabelle's perfectly shaved pussy to the tense air.

"Wow Isabelle, what have we got here?" Emma purred as she leaned in just above Isabelle's moist slit, kissing and licking all around her slowly moistening mound. Emma pulled her thong completely off as she pushed her face into Isabelle's juicy cunt. 

"Oohhh!!" Isabelle moaned as Emma's tongue forced its way into her, massaging the inside of her slit as Emma's hands cupped Isabelle's ass. Emma pushed her face into Isabelle and squeezed her perky ass, making Isabelle gasp and moan.

Emma took her right hand and placed it just under Isabelle's naval, using her thumb to pull at Isabelle's soaking pussy from above. As Emma licked and licked, she let her thumb slowly find its way to Isabelle's clit, and immediately started rubbing it furiously.

"G-goddd!! Wha-at are you d-dooing?!" Isabelle tried to speak as she was experiencing an onslaught of pleasure, arching her back and whimpering with nerves and joy. Isabelle slowly started to hump Emma's face as Emma backed away from her soaking vagina. She then took her right hand off of Isabelle's clit and slowly pressed two fingers into her slit, curling them towards her as she got to her knuckles.

"Ohhh!! Fuuck!!" Isabelle screamed as Emma began vigorously finger-fucking her friend's partner, causing her to arch her back yet again.

"Emm-mm-ma! I'm g-gonna-!" Isabelle said to the rhythm of Emma's thrusts. Emma quickly pulled her fingers out and licked them clean as she stood up from the couch, leaving Isabelle laying there helplessly spread.

"You seem to be liking this, Isabelle. Now it's time to see what makes you tick." Emma said with a wide smile as she strapped on a large plastic cock to her hips.

"Why, Emma?" Isabelle said, having the reality of the situation set in. "What did I do to you?"

"Nothing, Isabelle. That's why it's so fun!" Emma laughed as she picked up her friend's lover and bent her over the arm of the couch, her soaking cunt and tight ass in the air.

"Please Emma, you don't have to do thiiiiiis!" Isabelle said as Emma pressed the toy into Isabelle's eager slit, sliding all eight inches in so that she could feel her perky ass on her own crotch. Emma rubbed Isabelle's perky ass, slapping it as she pulled out.

"You like that, you little slut?" Emma said with a demented tone. She pressed the cock into Isabelle again, this time a little quicker and harder, slamming her slightly into the couch.

Isabelle buried her face into the cushion as she felt every inch of the plastic rod enter her. Between thrusts, she racked her mind as to what she did to hurt Emma so much, and how she could be so dumb to fall for this ploy. She was beginning to think of Noah when she moaned to the rod leaving her cunt. 

"Emma, I'm sorry!" Isabelle begged.

"I'm sure you are, Isabelle," Emma said flatly. She took the head of the toy and pressed it to her prey's tight asshole and leaned into the arm of the chair slowly, letting the rod fill her.

"Ohhhh FUUUCK!!" Isabelle screamed as the rod made its way into her ass. Emma rapidly sped up, pressing the cock in and out of Isabelle's bouncy ass and making her voluptuous breasts bounce with each thrust, occasionally grabbing and slapping her perky butt. 

"You like that you dirty whore? Is this how Noah fucks you?!" Emma screamed at Isabelle as she pounded her ass, ramming her into the couch with each and every thrust. Isabelle moaned loudly as she arched her back, letting the waves of pleasure and pain roll over her. She felt everything all over her, the fabric of the couch, the slapping of the rod, and Emma's forceful hand raced through every part of her lower body. She screamed in delight and anguish as Emma didn't stop plowing her.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Isabelle turned toward the door while Emma relentlessly kept fucking her. She couldn't help but moan as she felt the thick cock vigorously fill her. She wanted to hide, she wanted to run, but she couldn't. Emma held on to her handcuffs as she pounded her, rocking her with each spiteful penetration.

The door swung open.

You wouldn't believe the look on his poor face.

To be continued...