 Authors note -- Thank-you for reading my first story published here. I would like to point out that while some of the details in this story are details from my own life, the story itself is purely fictional. This is only the first part of this story as it ended up becoming a much bigger story than I originally thought. There is a bit of a long build up so if you've come here for a quick story that gets straight to business, this story isn't for you. I hope you enjoy the first part of my story.

*

I've always been a very artist person. So much so that when I had a bedroom to myself for the first time in four years one of the first things I bought was a desk. It was a nice solid oak corner desk, so I had room enough for a desktop computer and space where I could draw and paint.

Today I had some music playing on my computer while I painted. Acrylic paints were always my favourite so today that was my media of choice. I wasn't painting anything in particular, this was more of an abstract piece that allowed my mind to wonder while my hand did the work.

My mind wandered to my most recent relationship and how badly it had ended. It had started out great, all passion and love but slowly it had evolved into something nasty, he evolved into something nasty. Or maybe he had always been that way and I just hadn't noticed before, so caught up in what I was feeling for him that nothing else mattered.

A beep on my computer pulled me out of such thought and I stopped painting to check the notification. I had recently started branching out online, trying to meet new people. This included a popular kink social media site. I had known for a long time that I was into the kinkier side of life, but had never really had much of a chance to explore that. Sure, me and my ex tried some stuff in the bedroom but that was very light stuff, and I wanted more than that.

I hadn't joined the site to find a play-partner. I just wanted to talk to some like-minded people and to not feel so alone in my preferences. I had also used the site as a means of research. I never realised that this world was so vast. I learnt the names of the things I was into and even discovered a few more that I would like to try. I had also learnt that I was a submissive.

The notification was a message. I opened it expecting it to be another random and gross message from some man in his forties telling me exactly what he wanted to do to me, I had been getting my fair share of those but I figured that there was the unsavoury types no matter where you were.

I was surprised to see that this message was from a woman.

Hello. My name is Veronica. I came across your profile and saw that you're new to the scene. I would be more than happy to answer any questions you may have. You may find me a bit more informative than articles you may find online.

V

I hadn't expected that. I checked out Veronica's profile and saw that she was a Domme. A very attractive Domme at that. She was petite but that didn't make her look any less imposing. She had bright red hair and a smirk that made my insides quiver slightly.

I got up to make myself a cup of tea while deciding how best to respond. I know I said I hadn't joined this site to find a play-parter but something about this woman made me question that but I wasn't about to get ahead of myself. We didn't even know each other yet.

Back at my desk it took me a few attempts to get what I wanted to say right. I hit the send button and sat back to reread what I had put, as was my habit to do.

Hello Veronica. I was quite surprised by your message but am not really sure how to proceed with this conversation. I don't have any questions at the moment but I am only just beginning to discover where I fit in this world.

Samantha.

I sighed. I've never been the most eloquent person but I suppose this would do. I carried on with my painting until I heard a familiar beep. I opened the message with a mix of anticipation and curiosity.

Well, Samantha. How about we start by you telling me the things you know you are into and if I wish to make any comments and/or explanations about them I will and then I will tell you what I am into and you can ask any questions about those as well. This way we get to know each other and you may learn something new at the same time.

V

I sat back and considered this for a moment. It seemed like a fair deal. I didn't have to give any information I didn't want to and if the conversation took a turn that I didn't like there was always that trusty block button.

Well. I know for certain that I am a submissive. There is just something so freeing about being able to give up control, give it to someone else. I also know that I like pain. I am unsure on the specifics on that one as I haven't really had much experience. I have been spanked, with someone's hand as well as a paddle and thoroughly enjoyed it. That's all I know for certain, but there are a few things I am curious about.

Samantha

After sending my last message I checked the time and saw that it was quite late. I turned off my computer and crawled into bed. It didn't take that long for me to fall asleep.

I awoke the next morning and didn't have time to check my messages before I had to set off to college. I quickly got dressed grabbed my bag and set off. The bus to college took about half an hour so I used that time to log in to the site on my phone and check my messages. Veronica had responded.

Pain can be a useful tool for a Dominant. It can either be used as a punishment or to enhance sexual pleasure. The difference is in how it's used. I hope I am correct in assuming by your message that you are curious about exploring this side of yourself more? Have you thought about what sort of tools you would like pain to be inflicted with? I am personally a Sadist. This means that I like inflicting pain on others. Now this doesn't mean that I am cruel. I like seeing someone squirm and hearing the sounds they make. I always make sure to do this in a safe manner though. Did you and your previous partner use a safeword?

V

I bit my lip. No, my ex and I hadn't used a safeword. At the time I didn't even know you were supposed to. I'm not sure whether he knew or not. It was entirely possible that he just didn't care. Whereas Veronica had said that she wasn't cruel, my ex was.

What is the difference in how pain is used? Yes, I am curious about exploring this side of me. Due to my most previous relationship though I am nervous about trusting someone again so I am not ready to experience and explore this properly just yet. I am curious about floggers and riding crops though.

And no, my ex and I didn't use a safeword. I didn't learn about safewords until I joined this site after my relationship with him had ended.

Samantha.

By this point I had arrived at college so I would have to wait to read Veronica's reply at least until lunch.

My first class of the day was life-drawing. This class looks a lot better in films. They always show the models as being young and quite attractive. In my class our model was a forty year old man, who had a typically average appearance. Not as glamorous in real life as films made it seem.

Today we were using charcoal, which had always been a favourite media of mine. Our instructor told us to concentrate on the contrast between light and shadow and to make the contrast more intense had set up and spotlight shining on one side of the model. I carried about my work all while thinking about my conversation with Veronica. I found myself wanting to know more about her and wanting to tell her more about myself. I thought that being cautious was the best option here though. After all, she was a stranger on the internet.

Before long it was lunch time and I gathered my things at record speed and dashed from the room. I found myself a quiet table outside and pulled out my lunch from my bag. As I ate I logged back into the site and checked my messages. Veronica had responded.

The difference in how pain is used is quite simple really. If I want pain to be used for pleasure I will use other stimulus at the same time. Vibrators and the like. I will keep the pain well within the limits of what my submissive can take unless otherwise agreed upon. If I want it to be used as a punishment there wont be any other stimulus and I will push the boundaries of what my submissive can take. I will never cross those boundaries though. At the end of the day even if it is a punishment it is one the submissive had consented to.

I can understand you not being ready to trust in someone again, if I may ask what caused this? You don't have to answer if you don't want to.

And not using a safeword can be dangerous. They are used to keep all parties safe and happy. The reason they are used instead of just asking someone to stop is because there are people out there that get off on telling someone to stop and then carrying on anyway. Just as some people get off on being told to stop, but carrying on anyway. I am the latter, so with me a safeword is a must. Being told to stop just excites me.

V

I thought for a moment. Do I tell Veronica about my last relationship? If so, how much do I say?

I finished my lunch and checked the time. I had about half an hour before I had to be back in class so I headed to the library and found a quiet corner to type out my reply.

Thank you for explaining the difference to me. That makes sense. The reason I am not ready to trust again is due to the fact that six months ago I got out of a relationship that had lasted three years with a partner who ended up becoming abusive.

I must admit, the idea of telling someone to stop and them carrying on regardless does excite me. It also scares me. What if I used a safeword and they didn't stop then?

Samantha

I finished my message, collected my things and headed to class. The last part of the day we were pretty much left to our own devices. The teacher would give us a concept, today's being emotion and we had to use our own creativity to make a piece that represented it. I chose anger. There was a lot in my life I felt angry about right now and my art always seemed to turn out better when I used real emotion as my inspiration.

The rest of the day went by in a blur of activity. When I finished college I went into town to do some shopping. I decided to buy myself a new dress to make myself feel good, plus it was on sale so I didn't have to feel too guilty about buying it either.

I got on the bus home and opened my phone to check my messages. Veronica hadn't replied yet. I felt a tinge of disappointment but shook my head, telling myself I was being silly. I shouldn't feel disappointed that she hadn't replied. I barely even knew her. I put some earphones on and listened to some music.

I had to admit to myself, I liked speaking with Veronica. I imagined myself becoming her submissive one day but I reminded myself that I barely knew her at the moment. I guess there's no harm in fantasising though. She certainly was a beautiful woman if her pictures were accurate.

I'd knew that I liked women from a very young age. Growing up, when my friends started to get an interest in boys I noticed that my interests were for women. Until I was eighteen years old I thought I was a lesbian. Then I met some new people and learnt that I was into men, I just had very specific tastes.

Once I got home I immediately got in the shower. As I was washing my mind wondered again to Veronica and what I imagined being her submissive would be like. Since I had decided there was no harm in my fantasies, I masturbated to the thought of her spanking me while there was a vibrator buried inside of me. Naturally I left the shower in a very good mood.

I checked my messages to see if Veronica had responded and seeing that she had my heart raced in excitement.

I am terribly sorry to hear that you went through an abusive relationship. I can understand your hesitation to trust again. And when it comes to safewords, if you ever safeword and they don't stop that's when what is taking place becomes abuse. Your use of a safeword means that you are not happy with what is taking place and that you no longer consent to it. I'd highly recommend if this ever happened that you never see that person again.

I know this may be a bit forward and I apologise if this suggestion makes you uncomfortable, but would you like me to be your mentor? Now this doesn't mean you will be my submissive. I will simply teach you about being a submissive and what to expect from a Dom/me.

If you accept you are naturally, free to end this at any point you may wish. I just thought it could help you to learn about yourself and what to expect from others so that you don't enter this world completely blind.

V

I sat back and chewed my lip. The idea of Veronica being my mentor sounded like a good idea but as I'd been reminding myself all day, I barely knew her. Then again, as she herself had said, I could end it at any time that I wished. There was always the block button if it ever got out of hand.

I made myself a cup of tea while I contemplated. I didn't want to accept right off the bat, and figured it best to ask a few questions about the arrangement first.

I am curious about your offer but would like to ask a few questions first. I hope you don't mind.

What would this sort of relationship entail?

If I became uncomfortable with a certain thing, and not the arrangement itself what would happen then?

There is also an issue of, I barely know you and I am slightly uncomfortable with you being my mentor when I know pretty much nothing about you.

Samantha.

I didn't have to wait long for a response.

This would be much more of a student/teacher relationship. So I may set you homework of a sorts to help you learn about certain things better.

And if you felt uncomfortable with anything in particular, tell me. Communication is important in any BDSM relationship, more so than in a vanilla relationship. I would give you a safeword to use in these situations, to get you used to having one and using one if the need arises.

And what would you like to know about me? Feel free to ask whatever you would like. I will expect some information about you in return, it's only fair after all.

V

It seemed fair, give something to get something. She seemed more than willing to let me get to know her. What to ask her though? My mind went blank. I looked at her profile again, so I didn't ask any questions that I could easily find the answers to.

Veronica was twenty-seven years old, was living in the same city as I was, my heart raced at the thought that she was close, she was single and her profile said she was looking for a submissive but she was very picky in her choice of subs. That made me feel happy. If she was picky in her choice of subs, maybe her offering to mentor me was a good sign? I shook my head, I was getting ahead of myself again.

I agree, it seems fair. I'll answer these questions as well. For a start how about the basics? What do you do for work? What sort of hobbies do you have?

Samantha

I sent the message and decided to sketch for a bit while waiting for the reply. Again my mind was wondering while letting my hand do the work. I was very curious as to what Veronica's response would be. I was eager to know more about her. I hoped we'd have some similar interests, some sort of common ground outside of this world I had only just discovered.

I came out of my thoughts to a familiar beep on my computer.

Well I am currently a student. I am studying a Masters Degree in Psychology. As for hobbies, I like video games, reading books. I must also admit I'm a bit of a geek. I play card games, watch what is typically considered geeky shows and movies. How about you?

V

I smiled. We had a common interest after all.

I am also a student. I am currently doing a Bachelors Degree in Fine Art. I also like video games, books and geeky stuff. What sort of games do you play and on what platform? Maybe we've played some of the same games.

Samantha

I checked the time and saw that it was quite late, so I got changed and went to bed. That night I dreamt about being Veronica's submissive. I dreamt that she had my tied up on a beautiful four-poster bed. I was blindfolded and she had a vibrator pressed against my clit, pushing me to the edge of orgasm and then backing off. Over and over again. I was begging for release, pleading with her to make me orgasm. 'You cum when I say you cum' she'd keep replying. Finally she held the vibrator against my clit, leaning over to whisper in my ear, 'Cum for me now, Sammie, cum for me' and my orgasm crashed over me in powerful waves.

I awoke with a start realising that my orgasm had in fact been very real. I laughed to myself, I hadn't had a wet dream since I was a teenager. I climbed out of bed and took a shower. I was glad today was a Saturday and I didn't have to be at college.

I went over to my computer to check my messages but something on my desk caught my attention. My sketch from the previous night. I hadn't really been paying attention to what I was drawing, but I was certainly paying attention now.

I had drawn a naked woman. Bound and gagged. It really was a great drawing. I scanned it and uploaded it to my page on the kink site.

I got out my sketchbook and this time focused on what I was drawing. I drew the scene from my dream the night before.

I spent the rest of the day drawing and messaging Veronica. We discussed our favourite video games and discovered that we both had a great love for the Bioshock series. She even recommended to me a game I hadn't played before called The Witcher. It sounded interesting and I promised Veronica I'd give it a go. I even recommended that she read the book series A Song of Ice and Fire that the TV Series Game of Thrones is based off of. She said that she'd watched the show but hadn't read the books. I told her how the books are so much more detailed, how the entire first book, over six-hundred pages, was just the first season of the show. She promised that she'd read it and made me swear that I wouldn't give her any spoilers.

At the end of the night she asked me a very important question.

So. Do you want me to mentor you?

I answered quite simply, yes. I didn't know then how much my life would change.