 In my small community college I'm considered the popular girl, the one with the thick blond hair, jade green eyes and perfect skin. I know that I am the envy of many students, male and female alike. I was a god amongst mortals there.

But, that doesn't mean I like it. To be stereotyped as a certain person just because of your looks is awful. I have always felt the need to put on a show and take on the role that everyone assumed I was to be. But, with that came low grades. And if I were to ever get out of here and live in a place where I didn't have to be that person, then I had to get my marks up. I managed on my own in every area except math. I really did fall under the typical blonde stereotype when it came to math, I just plain sucked. 

So, I took it upon myself to find a tutor. I searched around until I found one right in my own school. I didn't know her name but I always saw her around. it was hard NOT to see her. She was kind of unusual, resembling a flower child, like a girl stuck in the sixties. 

She wore beads around her neck and head that were shaped like hearts and moons and flowers. Her tattered and vintage clothing always looked faded and dirty. To top it all off, she had worn the same pair of ratty brown leather sandals for the past two years now.

Her name turned out to be Danny. And, of course, I could never be seen in public with her, so I suggested we have all our sessions, privately, at her house. When I entered her bedroom, inside her sixties era home, I wasn't too surprised to find that her bedroom matched the rest of the house. 

"Do you like my room?"

"It's, um, it's-somethin'" I replied as I looked around, taking it all in. 

It was messy, yet organized. Her bed looked as if it hadn't been made in years, yet looked like the comfiest thing I had ever seen. Posters that read Make Love Not War covered the walls along with a lot of hanging things made of hemp and beads.

"You're really hung up on the whole flower child bit, aren't you?" I asked her.

Danny smiled. "Yes, yes I am."

About six weeks later, I was able to function on my own in class, felt more confident in the work I was submitting and actually started to get grades about a C-. It was all thanks to Danny.

I didn't have the heart to tell her I didn't need her anymore. She seemed to really enjoy tutoring me and we even became friends over a short period of time. I felt Danny's kind and carefree nature easy to be around and found myself missing her some days. 

"Did you know that there was more to the sixties that just protests and flower children?" Danny asked me one day. We were sitting in her room, listening to some strange music while studying. 

"Really, like what?" 

"Oh you know, free love, make love, not war, that sort of thing. Just imagine what it was like then, people making love whenever the felt like it, anywhere they wanted." 

"Wow, I can't even picture that. I guess it's not much different now, though. Girls have sex with guys anywhere. I know Mike expects me to be like the rest of the girls in my group." I thought of my football playing boyfriend, who was more for show than anything else. I only dated him because I thought it would make me popular. "Are you, um, you know, like those girls in the sixties?"

Danny blushed. "No, not really. I mean, I want to be. But I don't really like any guys my age. I-" She blushed even more and turned her gaze back to her notebook.

"What? You what? Come on, you can't start to say something and then just not!" i laughed and tossed a pillow at her. 

Danny sighed and then smiled as she rose from her seated position on the floor. I watched as she made her way over to the closet and pull out a small black chest. She unlocked it and lifted the lid, then motioned for me to come and see.

I slid down from the bed and scooted across the floor to peek inside. i gasped in shock at what I saw; an assortment of dildos and vibrators, all ranging in size and color.

"Where did you get these?" I asked, picking up a large red one one. 

"I got my first credit card a few months back and, let's just say, I spend a lot of money on internet shopping."

I was still stunned. I had never seen these things in person before, just heard talk of them through the many girls I hung out with.

"Would you like to try one?" Danny offered. "You can borrow one anytime."

I dropped the toy back in the box.

"Oh, no, I don't think it's for me. But Thanks." I was blushing now, and couldn't bring myself to look Danny in the face. Because, for a second, I thought she was offering to use one now...with her. The disappointment was surprising.

Later that night, I laid in bed, unable to shake the image of the big red dildo from my mind. I also couldn't shake the image of Danny using it. I looked at her in a whole new light now.

The next few times Danny and I hung out, she couldn't stop talking about her secret hobby. She shared intimate details with me, giving me more mental images, while I sat and just nodded. One day she broke out a collection of pornography magazines. They were all sexy women, naked, touching each other, touching themselves. The images were enough to make me wet. 

We browsed through her collection for the next few days, both in silence as we scanned the pages and learned from some of the images. But, one day, Danny broke the silence.

"Vanessa, would you like to see what I do to myself with my toys?"

I gasped, something I did a lot around Danny lately, but was surprised to find that the answer was yes. I wanted to see her use her toys. I wanted to see her naked body move and act like the ones in the magazines. So I just nodded.

Danny just grinned happily. "Lock the door."

Danny dropped her shorts and then her white cotton panties to the floor. My heart sped up as I watched her lift her tie-died shirt over her head. Danny never wore bras and her breasts were small and round. I noticed that her nipples were hard already.

"Now, hold up a magazine, any one, so I can watch while I do it."

Still speechless, I scrambled for a magazine and opened it to the centerfold. My fingers gripped the pages as I held it up for Danny. She stood on her knees, completely naked, facing me. Then, she grabbed the big red dildo, the one I liked, and licked the tip.

"Now, watch carefully," she instructed. "Because you're next."

"What! No, Danny, I-"

"Shhh, yes, you can," she replied and leaned over to kiss me. I hadn't seen it coming, or else i may have backed away. But Danny's soft and warm mouth was on mine, her tongue 

teasing.

She leaned back to her position and began to slide the dildo in and out, slowly and sensually. She grabbed her breast with the other hand and rubbed it until I heard her moan, never taking her eyes off of the magazine in my hand.

"Oh, yes, hell yes-Vanessa...you don't know what you're missing!"

She pumped the penis faster and harder, falling back onto her bottom so she could get a better angle. I stared at her perfect and wet vagina as the big red dick filled her over and over. i wanted so badly to reach out and touch her, feel her wet pussy, and stick the penis in my vagina.

Before I realized what I was doing, I began to remove my clothing. I slipped my sun dress up over my head and flung my bra across the room. My panties were quick to follow.

"That's right," Danny encouraged. "Come here."

I crawled across the floor and met her mouth with mine. She was still fucking her self when I reached down and wrapped my hand around hers, moving with the motion she was going. Danny let go and placed her hands over my breasts, rubbing and squeezing until they were tender.

"Oh, God-" I moaned as my head rolled back in pleasure. 

"Vanessa, I'm going to cum," Danny warned me.

"Oh! What do I do?" I asked innocently.

"Just keep fucking me! Harder!"

As I did, I watched as Danny's body arched off of the floor and felt her orgasm flow from her wet pussy and down to my hand. It felt as if I had no control over my body. This was something I would never do. And I certainly wouldn't bend down and caress her sweet pussy with my tongue. 

But I did.

"Ohhh, Vanessa!"

I dropped the dildo and repositioned myself in front of my friend. I threw both legs over my shoulders and planted my face into her mound. It felt good to hear her moan in pleasured agony as I ate her out. My tongue rubbed frantically at her hard clit, and it wasn't long until Danny came again. I let her juices fill my mouth until she was done.

"Holy, crap," Danny finally spoke. "You're amazing! And, to think, we've been wasting all this time studying!"

I laughed and blushed. This wasn't me, even though I enjoyed it beyond belief.

"Hey, don't be ashamed," she said softly and kissed me tenderly. "Would you like me to do you?"

I just nodded, unable to break away from my shyness. It was ridiculous to be shy around her after what we just did, but I was. Danny moved toward me, still naked, and kissed me hard.

"Wait, I-" I paused for a moment, unsure. "I'm not ready."

"Oh, well, we could wait, do it when you are." Danny looked disappointed but not angry. She gave me another smile and a quick peck on the cheek. "Maybe this weekend?"

"Sure, that gives me some time to think about it."

We got dressed and I headed home for the evening. After a long and silent supper with my roomates, I laid in bed thinking about my day. Danny had awakened something in me this afternoon, something I never dreamed I was capable of. I mean, I wasn't fond of my boyfriend, but I wasn't a lesbian either. Or was I? 

Then, it was it a light had turned on inside of me. I thoroughly enjoyed looking at naked women in magazines, found myself glancing at beautiful girls on the street, and was extremely turned on by everything that Danny did. Maybe I was a lesbian.

So, didn't I owe it to myself to find out? 

I grabbed my phone and opened to my messages, scrolled down to Danny's number and started to text.

It's me. I'm ready.

It only took a second for her to text back.

So soon? U sure?

Yes. 100% and then some.

Great! Wanna start now?

My mouth dropped open and I stared at the text. What does she mean? It's late, I can't leave the house now.

How would we do that?

Well, start with removing your shirt.

A grin unexpectedly came to my face. Now I understood. I removed my shirt and bra, exposing my breasts. I felt a little silly, being naked in my room all by myself.

Now your bra.

Already gone.

Oh, so eager, are we?

Eager for you.

That's right, now slip you hand down your pants and massage those pink lips.

Oh, Danny, I'm getting so wet.

Me too, I'm using your favorite red dick.

I wish u were using it on me.

I'll be right over.

I sat up straight and removed my hand, my wet underwear sticking to the skin between my legs. Shit! Was she serious?

Danny? DANNY? My roomates are home!

That's okay, I'll sneak in through ur window

My bedroom was on the basement level, so she could easily climb in through the small window above my dresser. But did I want her too? Was the risk of getting caught worth it? I thought about that while I waited for her to show up. It wasn't until I heard the light tapping on my window that I finally made a decision. My heart jumped and my stomach tightened when I realized she had arrived. I was excited, eager, and wanted Danny to be there. So, I tip toed over and pushed it slid the window open.

"Hey!" she whispered as she climbed in.

"I can't believe you came to my room!"

"Are you mad?"

I grinned and took her in my arms. "No, not at all."

"Sorry, I'm sort of sporadic like that-"

I stopped her in mid-sentence with a hard kiss, tasting her mouth and taking in as much as I could. I wanted Danny, right there, and I was going to have her.

"Fuck me, Danny."

Her mouth widened across her face, excitement in her eyes as she quickly went to work on my pyjamas. A few buttons flew off in the heat of the moment, but I didn't care. I wanted our skin to touch, for her hands to caress my soft breasts and mine hers. We were naked in seconds and kissing passionately. The heat between my thighs increased with every kiss, every touch.

Danny broke our embrace and dropped to her knees. She pulled me down gently and I lay on my back across the soft carpet in my room. Her hands caressed my belly and grabbed my breasts while her face met my moist vagina. Everything below my belly button tightened and twisted in delight as Danny's tongue worked vigorously on me. I felt it move in and out, twist and turn, and flick my hard clit. She was amazing and I was in heaven.

Then she pulled away from me once more. This time it was to grab her bag that had been thrown over her shoulder when she arrived. From it she removed a strange dildo with black straps hanging from it.

"What's that?"

"This is a strap-on, and I'm going to fuck you with it, is that alright?" she asked sweetly.

"Yes, do whatever you want with me."

I watched as she slipped the toy over her legs and fastened it securely. Then she climbed on top of me like a man would do to a woman. Her soft lips pecked every inch of my body as she slowly moved toward my face. Then we embraced in another passionate kiss. I could feel the hard penis pressing against my inner thigh, ready to enter me. I reached down and grabbed it, my hand barely fitting around the circumference, and thrust it inside my wet pussy.

"Oh God!" I cried out. It filled me entirely, touching every nerve inside of me.

Danny's hips moved in a back and forth motion, pumping the dick in my vagina. Our breasts lapped together with every thrust and her kisses were harder, hungrier.

"Danny...I'm going to cum." My fingers dug into her arms as I held on for dear life. My climax was coming, and coming fast. I had no control over my body as it tightened and expelled warm juices from my pussy. Bright colors filled my vision as I slowly came down from the high.

"Holy shit..." I had no words.

"You're amazing, Vanessa." Danny pecked my lips softly, tenderly.

"You are too."

"So, where do we go from here?" I asked. I wanted to continue seeing Danny, and I hoped she felt the same.

She smiled happily. "We'll see where love takes us."

"Yeah? That sounds nice." I hugged her to my body, needing to feel her close already.

"All we need is love."