 The phone rang and I picked it up, not really caring who it was. I was in that kind of a mood. I had a restless feeling inside me, one of those not really knowing what was wrong, but the world sure as Hell didn't seem cheery and bright to me. Know what I mean? A shitty disposition! Yeah, that pretty well described it. My parents knew that disposition maybe too well, and got on my case about it. Maybe I deserved it, I didn't know.

"Yeah?" I said.

"Hi Madison. Well, I can tell I caught you in a real shitty mood!" My best friend Pamela said laughing. 

"Sorry! You hit that right on the head. Shitty!" I said laughing at myself. Pam can do that to me. 

"Want to sleep over Friday and Saturday nights? My folks are going out of town and we can stay up all night if we want to. They just said no boys can come over – at all! I can handle that! They'll come back Sunday afternoon sometime. We can have a blast. Sound good?" She said with her infectious laugh.

We agreed. I knew my parents wouldn't mind. We were now 18! Well, both of us just barely 18, but straight A students, and usually well behaved - according to their standards at least – no drugs, we didn't smoke, or drink much booze. 

Pam and I didn't chase after the boys, though we've had a lot of them chase us. For some reason we never dated much, an occasional light date, nothing more. We were both way too serious for most of the "jocks," they wanted a quick piece of ass - then on to the next conquest. We weren't into that at all. We studied hard, made good grades and liked dull stuff - like Science and Math, and both of us liked classical music too. God, we were really different! 

Friday evening Mom dropped me off at Pam's door and told me to "Be good - and careful." – standard speech for my mom. I promised! I had no intention of doing anything but just kicking back with Pam and having a nice quiet weekend.

Pam greeted me at the door with a big hug and a kiss on my cheek. I hugged her back, feeling her enthusiasm. We went to her room and put my things down. 

"My folks are gone already, I called in a pizza and it should be here any time. Sound good? As soon as it comes, let's get comfortable and just relax. There's a good program on the Discovery channel and we can watch it. It's on Astronomy." We're astronomy nuts and both have rather nice telescopes and have spent time together looking at the planets, comets, and star clusters together.

A half hour later we were sitting on the floor in front of their large screen TV, in just our PJ tops and panties, pizza all over our hands as we drank some beer. Neither of us drank to excess and one or two was all we ever wanted. Our parents had said when we reached 18 we could drink beer if we wanted to. We did! It really went with the pizza. 

We watched the astronomy program and discussed it while we finished the two beers. We were feeling very mellow and laid back. 

"Let's see what's on the adult channel." Pam said with a naughty smile. "I'm not supposed to watch it, but I do. Dad subscribes to it. They have some hot movies sometimes. OK?" I nodded.

She flipped to the adult channel and there was a couple making love. This was a hard-core porn channel and it showed all of the action. The girl was really sexy, and had nice tits. Her boyfriend was pumping his large cock in and out of her. He was behind her and as he thrust, her breasts swayed and jumped. We watched raptly.

"Damn, I wish I had tits like hers, don't you?" Pam asked. 

"They'll grow. We just both happen to be 'late bloomers' as Mom says. She said she didn't start developing breasts till she was 18." I answered. 

"Yeah, and she has nice breasts now. So does my mom, but I wish mine were larger. Now!" She said wistfully. "The damn girls keep teasing me about not having tits."

"Me too. Fuck 'em!" I laughed. "Aren't you glad you don't have DD tits like Janet Jenkins. She says they are so large they hurt just to walk around unless she wears a bra all the time. All the guys want to do is get their hands all over them."

We sat watching the porn flick. I felt my pussy get wet. The couple got through and the scene changed. The sexy girl was talking to another equally beautiful girl and as the plot developed it was obvious that they were going to make love. We got very quiet as they kissed very passionately and slowly began to undress each other.

"Damn, that's sexy!" I said in awe as the two kissed and caressed each other. I meant it. I had seen women together before in video porn films. It always got me hot seeing them make love together. I had even watched and brought myself off. Something about seeing two women together really got to me. They were kissing, caressing passionately, and seemed to really like each other, not just play acting for the camera. I looked over at Pam and her eyes were locked onto the screen. I saw her hips wiggle a little and knew how she felt, I was getting hot too.

The two women began to make passionate love to each other and got into a 69. Their moans seemed genuine - for a change. The cameras moved back and forth between the two pussies showing pink wet flesh and tongues slipping deep inside. Their pussies were wet with saliva and a pink clit peeped out now and then to be flicked by a tongue. It certainly left nothing to the imagination. We watched as they finger and tongue fucked each other. Damn! The TV was a high definition set and you could count the pussy hairs, it was almost like being there. Their moans and groans filled the room. I wished I had been alone and could have slid my hand down and played with my pussy. It was drenched. 

"Jeeze!" Pam said with feeling. The women went wild licking and sucking each other till both exploded. The rest of the film was anticlimactic and we half watched it. The mood had changed between us, we could both feel it. Pam turned the TV off and put a classical music station on the FM radio, and turned the sound down low.

"God, that was fantastic." She said with feeling. 

I got up and went into the kitchen taking the pizza box back and washing my hands. We put the leftover pizza in the fridge, cleaned up a little then went back and sat on the couch. The room was a little hot and I took my PJ top off. Pam looked at me and slipped hers off too. We sat in only our bikini panties. 

I looked over at her and she looked delicious. The thoughts of the two women making love were still on our minds. "You have nice breasts." I said softly. Neither of us have large breasts. Ours are rather small and just bulging from our chests slightly, but now our nipples were erect and sticking out. Pam's areolas are rather large and bulging out, what I have heard called 'puffy' nipples. 

I thought they looked particularly erotic tonight. I guess it was my mood. My mouth watered looking at them and my lips wanted to pucker. I could picture my lips surrounding them, sucking, my tongue licking them. Damn. I had never really thought a lot about them till now. They looked so suckable! Was that a word? It ran through my mind – suckable 'puffy' nipples! I shook my head at the thought. 

"Thanks. Yours are nice too. I wish I were at least a B cup. A sucks!" She giggled. She reached down and stroked her breasts sliding her hands over them then pulling the nipples. It made them stick out a little more. "Do you ever pull on your nipples?" She asked. 

"Yeah, thinking it might make them grow." I laughed. "It hasn't - well, not yet."

We were silent, both thinking of the movie. "Did you like watching the two women making love?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"Yes." She said in a quiet tone. "I have seen two women making love before and it always gets me so hot."

We sat looking at each other, soft Beethoven music playing in the background.

"I'd like to kiss you. Would you like that?" I asked, my voice suddenly hoarse. She looked at me and just nodded. 

I scooted close to her and kissed her lips very softly, and very gently. Her lips were warm and soft. She didn't kiss me back at first. We had experimented a couple of times kissing each other to see how it felt. We had Frenched a little and liked it. This kiss was very tender. A warm feeling swept over my body. My clit tingled too. 

I pulled back a little looked into her beautiful dark eyes, then kissed her again with a little more feeling. Her eyes closed and she returned the kiss. I slid my tongue out slowly and gently slid it along her lips. Her lips loosened and I pressed my tongue a little deeper. I felt her teeth and pushed a little. She gave a low moan and her mouth opened and let my tongue into her sweet mouth. I slid it inside and her tongue met mine and we probed and explored. I pulled her closer to me and her breasts met mine. I could feel her hot body press against my nipples. I stroked her warm back, her skin felt like velvet. 

We finally broke apart to catch our breaths. We just looked at each other and smiled. I wiggled over a little and put my back against the couch and lay down full length on my side. She moved and lay down facing me, our heads on the pillow at the end. I reached out and cupped her chin and she leaned forward till we were kissing again. I moved my hand and stroked her arm softly. Our tongues played and twirled, she caught mine with her lips and sucked on it gently, then stronger. It felt wonderful.

I pulled back and looked at her. She has rather short brown hair that shines with the light, and a lovely face. I looked down at her breasts and her nipples were hard points, the areolas puffy and swollen, fuller now. Her breasts were just small and barely curved above her rib cage.

"I like kissing you. Would you like for me to make love to you?" I asked softly gazing into her brown eyes. She blushed a little.

"I'm not sure." She hesitated a long moment. "I think so. I have never done this before, have you?" Her voice had a little tremor in it.

"No, but I have thought about it." I hesitated. I could feel my heart beat faster. "I thought about you and wondered if we would - could. I have looked at the women in the porn movies and gotten so hot. I've even brought myself off watching them. I only know what I have seen them do, and read some books where the women made love, but I have never actually done anything with another girl. Well, except one time another girl and I just looked at each other's pussies and that was it."

I leaned forward and kissed her again. She gave a little sigh and closed her eyes. "If you want me to quit at any point just say so. This won't make any difference in our friendship. I love you very much and would never do anything to hurt you, or to end our friendship." 

Her eyes opened and looked deep into mine. All she said was a very soft, "I know!" And closed her eyes again. I stroked her face and put my hand behind her head pulling her head against me a little harder, and kissed her. I slid my tongue along her lips and it felt so wonderful. I stroked her arm gently over and over as we kissed. I pushed my tongue into her hot mouth exploring the interior, wanting to memorize every inch of her. I really didn't know what to do. This was totally new to me but I did not want to frighten her at all. I could actually feel my pussy tingle and my juices flow. I hoped it was doing the same for her. 

We kissed for a long time, sucking on each other's tongues. She lay still, not moving except to press her head forward toward my lips. I stroked her hair and felt its smooth surface running through my fingers. 

I ran my hands down her arm and then moved it to her hip and slid it upward over her chest. I felt her tremble as my hand came near her breast. I stroked her velvet skin and then felt the small rise of her breast. I watched my hand move upward slowly. I wanted to make it last and stroked softly over her small breast. Laying back her breast seemed even smaller now. I ran my hand upward and slid it over her nipple. 

She sighed and her body tensed a little. I felt the nipple hard against the palm of my hand. I rubbed and stroked her breast then took the nipple between my fingers and rolled it between my thumb and middle finger. It was harder now. I pulled it just a little, stretching it. Pam wiggled her upper body seeming to enjoy it. I pulled it more till it slipped out from between my fingers. I caught it again and pulled, putting more pressure on her nipple. It stretched more and her breast tented slightly before the nipple slipped out of my fingers. I knew I enjoyed a little pain when I played with my nipples and gave her a little of that wonderful pain. I saw her hips thrust forward. She was enjoying it.

"Do you like that, Love?" I asked kissing her lightly.

"Ohhh God, yes, how did you know I liked a little pain? Pinch it. Pull harder. Make it hurt more! It seems to go straight to my pussy." She said a frown on her face of concentration as I pulled her nipple again.

I did as she asked and pinched her nipple harder and pulled it outward. She moaned softly and her thighs rubbed together. I was making her hot. I sure was making myself hot too. Pulling on her nipple got to me too. I had never done this and found I really enjoyed it. I began to pull on her other nipple, twisting and rolling it, pulling her small breast outward and letting the nipple pop out from between my fingers. 

I slid my hand downward over her chest to her soft smooth stomach. Her bikini panties were thin and I could see a dark spot at the crotch. I was getting her really hot. I stroked downward, slowly letting my hand move under her panties, teasing her, teasing myself too. She caught and held her breath.

"Do you want my hand down there? Do you want it on your pussy?" I asked wanting her to tell me she wanted it. My hand stroked her stomach and her panties slid across the back of my hand. I move my hand down a little and felt her pubic hair tickle the tips of my fingers. God, I was on fire.

Her breath rushed out and she gasped. "Ohh, please! Please! I need it there! You are setting me on fire." She moaned.

"Are you sure you want it, want me to make love to you? Do you want my finger inside you?" I asked, my mouth almost dripping I was salivating so much. My pussy was on fire too.

"Ohhh! Yessss! Please Madison, please! Do me. You are killing me!" She cried out. 

I ran my hands through her sparse pubic hair. I let my fingers feel the soft hair there. I sat up, reached down and caught her panties and pulled them downward. She lifted her hips slightly to let me pull them off. She drew her legs up and I slid them completely off. I turned them over and looked at the crotch. It was drenched. 

I looked at her and put her still warm panties to my nose and drew in her excited sexual scent. She blushed. I rubbed them against my lips. I laid them aside and ran my hand down over her stomach. I lay back down beside her. Her pussy hair was dark and glossy where she had shaped and trimmed it close. She spread her thighs a little for me. I slid my hand down and cupped her pubic mound, curling my fingers down between her thighs. Her hips thrust forward against my hand. I just held my hand here, feeling her hot pussy against my fingers, the first one I had ever touched. I kissed her, and her tongue thrust out to meet mine, our lips slid sensuously together, and we breathed into each other's mouths as I cupped her sweet pussy. My heart seemed to be pounding a mile a minute. 

I rubbed her pussy mound up and down before I let my middle finger slip inward. She was very wet and my finger slipped between her lips effortlessly and found her hot inner flesh. She sobbed into my mouth. I rubbed my finger up and down her slit slowly, then curved it and slid it into her hot and very tight pussy. Her hot flesh surrounded my finger and I slid it in and out slowly, fucking her pussy gently. Her body trembled slightly and her eyes went wide. I pulled my very wet finger out a little and ran it upward feeling for her clit. She gasped as I found the firm little nub. I rubbed my finger up and down over it the way I liked to pleasure myself. She pulled back her mouth open wide and little grunts came from her mouth. 

"Ohh, yes, like that! Like that! I'm dying, you're killing me!" She cried out. I was glad no one else was in the house. 

I made my finger run in little circles over her firm clit, as she moaned and sobbed, and I felt her body grow taut against me. Then she screamed out, unintelligible moans and cries of ecstasy, her sweet face distorted by passion. I rubbed faster, keeping the same pressure on her clit. Her hips shot up and her head flew back, her throat muscles were wire taut as she screamed over and over as she climaxed. My finger became a blur as I stroked her clit. She finally gave one last long scream and went limp. Her hand hit mine and thrust it away from her pussy and she clamped her legs together. 

She lay gasping. I took my finger and brought it to my nose and sniffed her excitement, then without thinking slipped it into my mouth and tasted her. God, it was wonderful, tasting her pussy juices, smelling her! I almost came. I reached out and stroked her face as she gasped for breath.

"Ohhh, that was fantastic. I've made myself cum, but it was never anything like that." She finally managed to say between gasps.

"The only thing I did was stroke your clit!" I said smiling at her. I really hadn't done all that much. 

"I know, but you got me so hot kissing, and I guess it was just the thought of you making love to me. The first time for me. God, why didn't we try this before?" She asked. 

"I know, we have missed a lot together. We'll have to make up for lost time." I laughed.

"Know what I'd like to do?" She asked smiling at me. I shook my head.

"It sound crazy but I'd like to dance with you with both of us naked. I'd like to feel you against me while we dance together." She said reaching out and stroking my face lightly.

It did sound a little crazy, but I liked the idea. She got up and put on some slow music on the CD player, then she held her hands out to me. She went to her knees and ran her hands down my body and pulled my bikini panties down. I spread my legs a little and she slid them down. Her eyes were riveted to my pussy as my panties slid down my thighs. She bent forward and kissed my stomach gently then looked up at my eyes smiling. I stepped out of them. She stood up and we came together.

We had danced together several times practicing for a date. Now it was totally different as we were both nude, totally and wonderfully naked. She pulled me close and our bodies pressed full length then we separated slightly as we started to dance. It felt strange but so sensual to be dancing with her. Our bodies almost melted together. Her hard nipples pressed against me. I slid a hand down to her pert ass and pulled her hips against mine. 

We moved with the music and our legs shifted so that we were straddling each other's thighs, our pussies pressed against a warm thigh. I nuzzled her ear and smelled her subtle perfume. Quickly we became one as we danced slowly, turning, pressing together, getting used to each other's motions, dance steps. We kissed and our hands moved up and down stroking soft flesh. I don't remember anything like this ever happening to me. She ran her hands through my shoulder length hair. It was so sensuous. The feelings were fantastic. We both are good dancers and we glided around the room together.

"This is so cool!" I said. "I'm so glad you suggested it. This beats dancing with a guy any day!" We both giggled at the thought. We danced slowly, bodies pressing. I loved the feel of her soft body against mine. I put my hand between us and fondled her breast. We kissed and finally wound up standing still in the middle of the floor, pressing our pussies against each other's thighs, dry humping slowly.

"Lets go to the bedroom. I want us to make love. You gave me a fantastic cum, now I want to give you one." She said, a tremor in her voice. I didn't argue and hand in hand, we walked down the hall to her bedroom, pulled the covers down, and got on her big bed.
