 It was a hot night in Ybor City. The streetlights reflected in puddles left from fire hydrants street people had turned on for relief earlier in the day. It was only eleven PM and the city was packed with beautiful people lined up at every club. The whole place had a sleek black feel like a movie. That's why I'd stayed in Tampa, at night it was larger than life, and the party lasted till dawn. Id' been in the city over a year now, but it all still had a newness and a heat I both loved and hated. I scanned the crowd for a new plaything as I walked toward my favorite club, by for the wildest in Ybor City.

Maybe it was a dead give away I'd moved from a more temperate climate, but the hotter it got the more leather I wore. Tonight it was warm and wet like a simmering stew of sex and sin. I'd chosen my high collar, short patent leather dress, and thigh- high boots. My hair fell in its usual straight blond bob with straight-across bangs, the same haircut I'd virtually my entire life. It did no good to be froofy in this heat, so I remained all shine and angles and red lips. Tonight I felt particularly masochistic; I'd put on my over the elbow gloves. I liked the contrast, black gloved hands against white shoulders. I knew I stood out in the crowd next to all the bare Latino and African skin. Even the Caucasian people here had a distinct "Tan" that ranged from bright pink to gingerbread. I remained a pale-face partially due to me tendency to burn; it also had something to do with the fact that I didn't see much daylight these days. 

I was walking past an alley when a giggle drew my attention. I stopped and stepped close to the wall to watch as they began to make out. Their lips separated and they giggled, as if they were kissing each other on a dare. Leaning against the wall, I paused as I watched their full lips engulf each other's. I felt my pussy tingle and shuddered as I watched tongues dart into wet mouths. "Not tonight, Jenna!" I told myself, shaking my head.

"Hey Blanca," one of them called toward me, as she cupped her partner's breast like an offering. "You want some?" 

I tilted my head to the side and smiled at her. "Thanks honey but maybe later." I pushed away from the wall and started toward to door of the club. But those devious wheels in my mind were already turning at full speed. Pausing at the mirror near the door I glanced at my outfit while trying to gain some control, but it was long gone.

As I walked down the stair into the club my mind was filled with images of lush hips and brown nipples. Heavy industrial music assaulted me half way down the stairs. The bouncer at the door checked my idea then waved me in with a bored expression on his face. For reasons unknown to me I'd never had to pay to get in here. 

Making my way to the bar I could smell the incense of Clove cigarettes and musky flesh. My favorite drink was waiting for me there, picking it up I downed it in two greedy gulps. The cinnamon schnapps burned just right as fire raced through my blood. I was looking for trouble tonight and the feeling in the air was telling I was about to get exactly what I was looking for. 

I made my rounds and spotted someone familiar out on the dance floor. I couldn't place her, but she had the face like and evil Betty Boop. Her crystalline baby blue eyes meet mine with a look of contempt. I was pretty sure she must know me from some where. My eyes had lingered a bit to long and realizing that I'd been caught, I eased over to the bar for another shot of fire. Breaking my rule of never more than one a night I raised my finger to signal the bartender. I knew if I was going to play with this wildcat I would need some liquid courage in me tonight.

I heard a sexy little girl voice order a drink to my right, but I refused to look over. Instead I stole a sideways glance and let my eyes rove from the curve of her calf to her perfect little ankles, on down to pert little size five feet in black platform stilettos with hot pink toenails. The shoes were stripper shoes, but the feet were well taken care of, pedicured often. What really made me wet was the tattoo on her left ankle. It was an artfully done angel in pink, so voluptuous her dress was busting at the seams. The angel was a carbon copy of its bearer, and it seemed perched over the ankle strap, guarding the gateway to toe sucking heaven. I took a deep breath.

"Can I buy you a drink?" the playful voice asked.

"No thank you," I said turning to look at the gorgeous face. " I've had my limit for the night."

She was studying me closely and I felt like a shiny beetle under a microscope. She smiled a slightly evil smile. "You look familiar to me. Can I ask your name?"

"Jenna." I told her. "And yours?"

"They call me Angel." She took a swig of her drink.

"Let me guess…because of the tattoo, right?"

"Well that's one reason," She said rubbing her finger on the rim of her glass. "Are you from Tampa?"

"No actually I'm from Atlanta." I smiled at her. "I've lived here for about a year now."

"Hmm that's where I have seen you at then." She glanced away and out over the dance floor and in a distracted voice said. "Oh and I am from Atlanta."

I watched as she picked up her glass and downed the rest of her drink. Condensation from her glass dripped onto her cleavage and I wanted to follow that droplet down between those luscious breasts all the way to her navel and below.

"I didn't think anywhere could be hotter that Atlanta." She said as she wiped her throat with the cool glass. "But this place is."

"It kind of grows on you." I said with a shrug.

She glanced at my arms before raising her eyes to mine. "Can you feel anything with those gloves on?"

"Some."

"Why do you wear them when it's so hot?"

I leaned in closer and rubbed her forearm. I watched he cheeks redden and her nipples became erect through the sheer material of her shirt. She was wearing a black lace bra and I could barely make the outline of her pale pink nipples underneath. "Do you like that?" I asked toying with her as much as myself. Just thinking about her breast heavy against my own made my clit throb.

"Do you want to get out of her" she asked in her little girl voice, reading my mind.

I smiled and glanced at her from the corner of my eye. "Well I do live just a few blocks from here."

"Then lets get out of here." She said, sliding off her barstool. She was a good bit shorter than I was even with her "big" shoes on. I followed her out of the club enjoying the sneak and peek I was getting up her skirt as we went up the stairs. She had beautiful muscular legs as a dancer should, and her ass was round like a basketball cut in half. By the time we made it to the street, I wanted to lead her into the alley and ravage her like those giggling Latina girls had been devouring each other.

"Which way?" she asked?

"This way." I told her as I lead the way toward my street. I keep stealing glances at her as we walked. She was more solid in the light, her lips looked fuller and a glossier shade of pink. She looked like a cartoon character come to life, like a naughty flapper from an old silent movie.

We stopped in front of my building and I pulled the heavy door open then we began to climb the metal stairs to my loft. I smiled at her then reached down and pulled the key from the top of my thigh high boot then unlocked the door and pushed it open.

The door had barely closed behind us when Angel pushed me up against the brick wall and thrust her tongue into my mouth and began to kiss me hard. I kissed he back, sucking on her tongue and hearing her moan as I ran my gloved hands up her thighs to her firm round ass. Angel broke the kiss and slowly kissed her way to my collarbone. 

With and evil grin she pulled my dress up to my waist. "What's this?" She ran her fingertips up my quivering thighs. "No underwear? Your not some kind of slut are you?" My eyes meet hers and I saw that she like the idea of being in control. I shivered as I felt her run her finger along the slit of my pussy lips. "And a natural blond… I must have won the daily double." She said tickling my carefully trimmed blond fuzz.

She suddenly parted my labia and raked a fingernail over my already throbbing clit. A shudder racked my body and my pussy became soaked. If she didn't do something soon I was going to go crazy I thought as my back arched. 

She raised her right arm and pushed me back. "You had better keep your back against the wall and no peaking!" she ordered.

I obliged but I wasn't about to speak and surrender control. The feel of the rough, cool brick on my back contrasted with the warm breath that washed across my thighs. Then I felt her tongue on my clit like a kitten lapping milk from a saucer. I moaned in delight and the lapping became firmer, more deliberate. I was just about to come when I felt her slip two fingers into my hungry pussy. I exploded into orgasm, scratching my back on the brink as I withered in pleasure. Then I felt another finger teasing my ass, rubbing gently. She sucked on my clit, sending me into another level of ecstasy. I was cresting again when I felt her slid the other finger into my tight asshole. Her fingers pumped fiercely in and out of me as she smacked my clit with her tongue. My whole body trembled as my drenched pussy came so hard I knew I cried out. 

Angel kissed my pussy gently then rose and kissed me hard on the mouth. I could taste my own pussy juices on her lips and tongue. I got the message, it was my turn, and I wanted to fuck her. She stepped back with a smile then pulled her sheer top off over her head and unbuttoned her skirt. She did a sexy little shimmy and it fell around her ankles, leaving her standing in front of me in a black lace bra, g-string, and "big" heels. "Did you like that?" she asked coyly.

"Umm hmm…" I mummered as I circled her, dragging my gloved fingers around her waist. I walked behind her and sat on my purple velvet chaise lounge.

"You want to do it over here?" she asked.

"Uh-huh" I nodded and motioned for her to come over to me.

She walked over to me then stopped. "Right here?" she asked in her little girl voice.

"Right here" I told here, grabbing her by the hair and flinging her over my knee. I held her head and arms down with one hand while I spanked her round ass with my other hand.

"Ow!" She whined as my hand came down with another audible smack. 

I could see her panties becoming wet. "Honey you don't touch my asshole without asking first." I told her as I landed another good swat.

"I thought you liked it." She whined.

"I did." I said in delight as I watched her ass cheeks turn pink. "I also like spanking your but, you spoiled brat!"

"I thought you were going to eat my pussy." She pouted.

"I am." I informed her, giving her ass cheek a hard pinch, "But were going to have some fun first." I flipped her over onto the chaise then pinned her arms down with my legs and sat on her face. "Now put your legs straight up and lick my pussy." I ordered.

She obeyed and there in front of me were those perfect little feet. I unbuckled her shoes and tossed them aside, not caring where they fell. I ran my tongue along her arch as she licked my clit. I teased her toes, licking between them until I finally gave in and began to suck on her big toe. I could see the little pink slit of her pussy glistening with moister as I sucked her toes. I came several times as I sucked on her beautiful toes and licked the soles of her feet.

'Are you going to be good now?" I asked her then smiled at her whimpered "yes". I got up and stood over her, " Take off your bra and panties." I ordered. She quickly obeyed and I watched as she freed her lovely large breast. When she stood nude in front of me I motioned toward the chaise. "Now, lay back."

Without touching her I examined her naked form for a moment. She had large, real breast with little pink nipples. Her pussy was shaved, save for a little trail on her pubic bone. All together she was exquisite and took my breath away.

"Very nice." I said with authority. I slithered on top of her for a moment, feeling her body through the second skin of my vinyl ensemble. I loved it that she didn't move under me, it showed me that she had finally learned her lesson. I stood up then pulled off my dress and climbed back on the chaise from the bottom. I took my time climbing on top of her. I took my time moving up over top of her. I placed my hand along her jaw and turned her head to face me. She gave me a coy look and I kissed her hard on the mouth. She responded, entwining her tongue with mine. She ran her hands down my sides, resting them on my hips. I could feel her erect nipples brush against my own and a new thrill traveled down the circuits of my body.

"Is this what you wanted?" I breathed in her ear.

"Mmm yes"

I kissed her soft neck, her delicate collarbone and worked me way down to her nipples. I ran my tongue along the circle of it, then took it into my mouth, sucking is as I teased her other nipple with my gloved hand. I heard her moan lightly as I nibbled and licked her soft flesh. I leaned up and rubbed my nipples against her now wet ones. I put my both of my gloved hands on her breast and kneaded them as I flipped her nipples with my tongue. I could have sucked on them all night. She responded by grinding her hips into my leg. I could feel the soft wetness between them and the heat of her yearning made me want her all the more. I slid down her body, stopping to lick the circle of her navel, teasingly. I propped myself on my elbows between her thighs with a full view of her little box. I raised and eyebrow, and gave her a look that told her I was in no hurry now that I had her where I wanted her.

She looked down with a pleading look and whispered one word. "Please…"

I smiled up at her and tapped a gloved finger on her throbbing clit and watched her shudder in delight. "Pretty pussy…" I teased her with my fingers then caught her clit between my fingers and pressed them together gently. I nearly came myself as I watched her thigh muscles tighten and saw her little pink hole drip liquid pleasure. "You want me to eat your pretty pussy?" I asked, torturing her with time.

"Yes" she breathed heavily. I knew the agony of longing she must be feeling right then.

"I don't know if I can do that…," I said out of spite. "What do you want me to do?"

"Lick my clit," she begged. "Suck on it, finger fuck me. Please…!"

I grinned at her "Did you like your punishment? I asked teasing her pussy hole. "Yes" she cried out. "I loved it and came while you were spanking me."

"Good girl" I commended her. I brought my face closer and my own pussy twitched with delight, as I smelled her musky sweetness. I made little circles on her clit with my tongue and she went wild grinding her hips into my face. I moved lower, gripping her hips, and slid my tongue into her. She was so tight and her juices were so sweet I became intoxicated. She arched her back, and while I couldn't see her face, I felt certain her eyes were rolling back into her head in ecstasy. I came myself, tightening my legs together to appease my aching clit, I sucked on her clit, flicking it with my tongue as I did. She came in violet spurts, moaning and whimpering with both pleasure and pain as I dug my fingers into her ever so slightly.

I backed up, pulling my gloves off. I pulled her nether lips apart and licked up and down her pussy and when she began to moan again I slid my finger into her pulsating hole. She came and I felt he tighten. My god, what an incredible little pussy she had. As she raised her hips I saw her little puckered asshole, wet from her coming so wildly. I ran another finger around the edge of it and she came some more. I carefully slid another finger into her pussy and when she was almost about to peak I slid my finger into her tight little ass.

"Oh… Oh.." she cried out. " Oh god yes!"

I put my mouth over her pink clit and licked it as I fingered her the way she had me.

" Oh yes… Oh" she moaned out in spite of herself. "Umm… Fuck my little pussy!"

She dug her fingers into the velvet of the chaise and ground her hips upward and came so hard she moaned from deep within and she lifted one foot so she could rub my clit with her toe. I came so hard I could feel my own juices running into the top of my thigh high boot. We both came and moaned. She grabbed my hair on both side and pumped her pussy into my face and came again. 

By the time we'd both had enough, we were drenched with our hair all over our heads and two worn out pussies. We collapsed in a heap where we were and slept.

I awoke the next morning with sunlight streaming across my face. She was gone was my first thought. I glanced at my coffee table and saw a business card for a strip club called "The Purple Pony". I flipped it over and on the back was a message. "If you're ever in Atlanta, come see me. Thank-Angel." I shook my head and lay back down. It would be a long time before I would need a fuck like that again.