 ~Constructive criticism is appreciated as this is my first submission

~This story has a slow build up to sex

~All characters are above the age of 18

~These characters are completely fiction

Thanks for reading and please enjoy :)

~AlmostTangible~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Veronica sat in her apartment window seat, looking out as a knot of anticipation flurried in her stomach. The beautiful cloud free sky hid how cold the air actually was this afternoon. She hastily blew a piece of her thick curly blonde hair from her face that had obstructed her view. Veronica was wearing yoga pants, her favorite Lord of the Rings shirt, and the small starfish necklace she had since she was 10. 

Veronica's best friend who she hadn't seen in ages was finally visiting her apartment. She had their week all planned out with activities that they had done since when they first met in kindergarten, to activities they picked up more recently. 

The window became slightly fogged from her breath as she waited impatiently. Hastily, Veronica wiped the fog away with her sleeve as she began to imagine her best friend as she often did when she missed her.

Anna and Veronica by everyone else were seen as polar opposites. Anna had brown, straight, shoulder length hair, blue eyes, and light skin that freckled in the summer. She was 5 2" and lean with a tiny butt and a 32B chest. She was beautiful in a shy way and never took a liking for make-up. On the other hand, Veronica had a mane of thick frizzy blonde hair, brown eyes and slightly tan skin. She was 5 5" with a nice butt and a 36D chest. 

Through high school Anna seemed to exceed expectations with ease. She got A's and B's without fault but never considered herself talented in anything. While Veronica noticeably struggled with anything that involved math but excelled in english and history despite major procrastination. Veronica had a bubbly, flirty, personality and a smile that seemed to never falter. While Anna, to her acquaintances seemed quiet and reserved, but her closest friends knew all too well, her opinionated, fun, and perfectionist personality.

Veronica was startled from her thoughts as a slightly used blue subaru rolled into the parking lot. Recognizing her best friend's car, she jumped to her feet, sprinted out the door, and down the staircase to meet her friend. 

As she threw the apartment complex door open she gasped at how cold it was and realized, in her rush she had forgotten shoes. She shrugged her shoulders and ran through the cold parking lot to Anna, who was struggling to get her things out of her trunk. Anna turned to see her best friend barreling toward her with her curly hair billowing behind her. A grin stretched across her face as she braced herself for the impending hug. 

Veronica threw her arms around her friend and squeezed, almost not believing her to be here. "Oh my gosh Anna, I've missed ya so much!" Veronica said breathing heavily from her dramatic escapade. 

"Me...too...chica..." Anna managed to wheeze through her friends tight grip. 

Veronica released Anna from her bear hug and laughed, "Sorry for squeezin' ya girl, I haven't seen you in what...3 years?" 

Anna giggled and gave her crazy friend another hug. "It's only been 4 months you goof!" She leaned back a little and tilted her head to look at her best friend. Anna's grin widened as Veronica sassily put her hands on her hips. Anna released Veronica and stepped back.

Veronica sighed dramatically, "Are you serious? In best friend time, that's at least 3 years." Which earned another laugh from Anna. 

Veronica noticed Anna's usual stylish outfit, but today Veronica thought she looked extra stunning. She wore a small, simple navy blue dress that ended a little higher than mid thigh. Around her neck was the small swirl necklace she had since middle school, and her small feet were encased in ankle length brown boots with white ruffled socks peeking out of the top. As usual she wore no make up but managed to look down to earth and comfortable in her adorable outfit. 

"You look cute!" Veronica said, still looking at her gorgeous friend. While looking at Anna, she noticed that the small dress framed her small breasts perfectly. Heat spread at the juncture of her thighs and she quickly looked up at Anna's face. Veronica's face turned bright red when she realized what she had been doing, and she quickly looked at her bare feet, her mass of hair mostly covering her face. 

Anna smiled, "Thanks! I know blue is your favorite color on me," She glanced down at Veronica's bear feet and looked questioningly at her crazy friend. "V... please tell me why you aren't wearing shoes." 

"No good reason, now let's get inside, it's cold!!" Veronica said tossing her hair over her shoulder and jumping on the balls of her feet, now aware of the cold concrete beneath her.

"Agreed", Anna said as she and Veronica picked up up her bags and scurried into Veronica's apartment.

On the way up to Veronica's apartment room, Veronica began telling Anna about what activities she had planned for Anna's stay. She bubbled about the extensive lineup of movies from their childhood she had carefully picked for the girls to watch. Since both girls loved shopping and good food Veronica had multiple places in mind. The more Veronica chattered the more excited the girls got. 

When they finally reached Veronica's room they struggled with the bags to open the door, but once open they ran inside. When they reached Veronica's room they dumped their bags on the floor, looked at each other and grinned excitedly. "Hot chocolate?" Veronica suggested. 

"Obviously!" Anna said as they made their way to the kitchen. Anna sighed as she lay down on the couch while Veronica started making hot chocolate. Veronica had a specialty for hot chocolate. She despised packaged hot chocolate because hers was delicious. Anna closed her eyes and imagined the thick, creamy chocolate that would soon be hot and ready. 

"Hey you wanna watch Mamma Mia?" Veronica said loudly over her hot chocolate making. 

"Of course! Can i make popcorn?" Anna said sitting up from her comfortable spot. 

"You sure can! Just try not to burn it this time," Veronica replied with a grin.

30 minutes later the two were sitting on Veronica's couch, delicious hot chocolate in hand and a bowl of mostly unburned popcorn sat between the two as they enjoyed the start of Mamma Mia. Although Anna loved the movie, she found herself exhausted and was struggling to stay awake. She set down her empty mug and moved the nearly empty bowl of popcorn so she could move closer to Veronica. She untied her shoes and set them aside and rested her head on her best friend's shoulder letting herself slip into sleep. Veronica rested her head on top of Anna's sleeping one and began to think about their friendship through high school. 

Veronica almost always had a boyfriend or a crush and she still couldn't comprehend how Anna had never had a boyfriend. Veronica had her first kiss at the age of 12 in a baseball stadium with a boy who decided to announce a few months later that he was gay. Anna was gorgeous, smart, and funny but she always thought the cute guys were immature and were almost always jerks and therefore had never taken an interest to dating. Anna had her first kiss at the age of 9 when a boy marched up to her and kissed her on the playground. Even at the age of 19, she hadn't kissed a boy since. Veronica wondered if Anna even liked boys. She mentally shrugged at this thought because it didn't really matter. Anna was her best friend and nothing could change that. Anna began softly snoring and Veronica turned her attention back to the movie before her.

~~

Anna opened her eyes slowly to meet a dark empty room. A door appeared and Anna got up from the chair she was sitting in and walked out the door. She took three steps forward onto the dark lawn and began falling, slowly at first and then rapidly, faster and faster. She then floated slowly onto a moon. Once she was sitting on the moon she noticed a tall woman slowly walking toward her, dressed in a flowing white and grey gown. Anna tried to get up but realized that she could not move and so she watched, as the lady with white hair smiled down at her. 

The moon lady spoke softly, "Child, why do you run from the truth?" Anna blinked and gave the woman a confused look. 

"I know your thoughts, I've seen your mind," the lady said as she stroked Anna's cheek softly. Anna shivered from the sensation of the woman's cool hand on her warm cheek. 

"Wh-Who are you?" Anna asked with a fear in her eyes. 

"You know me... just ask yourself," said the moon lady.

Anna rolled her eyes, "Okay, ask myself" She laughed nervously. "Okay self, who is this moon lady?" 

A voice she knew all too well spoke in her mind. Anna you know her. 

Suddenly able to move Anna jumped up and shouted "Who said that?" A silence stretched for a few seconds before Anna spoke again, "Who are you?" 

The voice spoke once more. Anna, you ignore the truth. Gaze into her eyes. Anna slowly lifted her head and was confronted with the moon lady smiling down at her. Anna cautiously searched the woman's eyes and gasped in disbelief. Ah, so you know, the voice whispered in her mind.

"Yes, I know you," Anna said circling the woman slowly. "You are me, and I am you." the voice, the moon lady and Anna spoke in unison. 

~~

The movie ended and Veronica attempted to wake up Anna but she was in a deep sleep. "Alright chica, why don't you sleep on the couch tonight," Veronica said as she lay her friend on the couch. 

While doing this her small navy dress wrinkled at the top of her thighs leaving a bit of her white panties peeking out. Veronica picked up the blanket and managed to pry her eyes from her gorgeous friend. Veronica tucked the blanket around Anna and stood gazing at her friend, confused about her behavior. She had seen Anna naked before and never reacted that way. She told herself that her mind was jumbled and that she was just tired. As she walked away from Anna, she heard Anna say softly in her sleep, "Don't go, please," Veronica sighed softly and sat down on the couch next to Anna and began stroking her soft hair.

~~

The moon lady turned to leave but a question arose in Anna's head. "Don't go, please," Anna said to the woman in white. 

The woman turned back to Anna sighed softly and walked over to her, she stroked Anna's hair as she spoke, "What is it child?" 

Anna sighed and looked up into her own eyes that lay in the moon ladies face and asked, "Why did you ask me why I run from the truth? I'm almost always truthful to others." 

The moon lady then said, "Ah, but you are not truthful to yourself."

Anna's eyes widened and heart froze, "I-I um don't k-know what you mean," Anna lied and she looked away. 

The moon lady smiled and said, "Would you like me to show you?" Before Anna could answer the white woman placed one hand on the back of her neck, and with the other she placed a finger under Anna's chin and raised it up so she was looking into the moon ladies eyes. Then the woman pulled her in for a kiss. Anna felt the emotions that she had held back, she felt happiness, love, and sparkles of pleasure in places she never imagined. 

When she pulled back from the kiss the moon woman spoke softly, "You and I both know who you love, who you have always loved, the only thing holding you back is yourself."

~~

Anna awoke with a start to see her best friend asleep across her, her blonde hair was a big ball of poof and she was softly snoring. Anna thought she looked adorable. She dragged her eyes over her friends gorgeous body. 

"Damn," Anna said and she sighed as she looked at Veronica's butt. She groaned and fell back onto the pillows "What am I going to do?" She asked herself. Anna started massaging her temples looking up at the ceiling, "All these weird dreams are giving me a headache." 

Veronica shifted in her sleep in a position that caused her elbow press against Anna's hot crotch. Anna gasped and her hips bucked involuntarily as her juncture between her legs throbbed with need. Sparks of pleasure danced through her body and she froze. She arched her back and thought, "Okay only grind against her five times, she might wake up".

She squeezed her thighs around Veronica's elbow and ground her pussy slowly against her friend. Anna's small dress had ridden up to reveal her drenched white lacy panties. She quickly lost count of how many times she had ground against her best friend. Anna grasped Veronica's elbow and pulled it so it dug harder into her needy cunt. She moaned softly and gazed at her gorgeous sleeping friend. Anna shuddered and ground faster and faster against Veronica's elbow. She arched her back enough so her clit was now directly grinding on her best friend's elbow. "Ohhhh yesssss," she gasped at the new found contact. Anna's eyes rolled back in pleasure, her pussy clenched repeatedly and she groaned the sound of her release. Her breath hissed through her teeth and her body relaxed, as she shuddered through a few small aftershocks that completed her climax. Anna sat up and looked at her best friend, and the woman she loved.