 Veronique and I spent a good half hour kissing before she sighed and playfully kicked me out. I went back to my apartment around ten, having first retrieved my panties from her wet vagina. When she'd inserted a finger into my slit to get her own thong I realised I still needed some sexual stimulation before going to sleep. But Veronique's desire apparently was sated for the time being. So I went back with the sodden, slippery silk and lace in my hand.

As soon as I got in the door and checked to make sure my parents and my children hadn't returned unexpectedly (daft, I know, as they had no key) I removed my dress and pulled on the panties. If you can imagine putting on underwear that has just been soaked and coated in gel-like shampoo that is what it felt like. I looked at the trails of goo on my knees and thighs. My clit instantly reacted and I just knew that I needed to touch myself once again.

I powered up the laptop once more and entered the log-in details for lanazusak.com. So as not to stain the bedclothes I spread my nightgown over the duvet and lay sideways on it. I decided on a random video called 'New Shoes', featuring Claudette and a lovely blonde-haired girl by the name of Francine.

In the video Claudette enters a shoe shop and is served by Francine. As Claudette tries on several different shoes, Francine kneels down in front of her. Her fingers are around Claudette's calf, helping her ease the foot into the shoes, while at the same time trying to catch a glimpse up her charcoal grey skirt. Claudette is wearing black stockings and the camera shows the tops of her white thighs and just a hint of white underwear. The camera then shows Claudette's point-of-view of Francine's roving eyes and the hard nipples straining against her pink t-shirt. Claudette smiles and she spreads her legs a little as she chats to the shop assistant. Claudette wonders if she could try on a shoe without the stockings but says she doesn't want to take them off in full view of the other customers. Francine can't believe her luck and suggests a back room for VIP clients.

By this stage my hand was already inside my panties stroking the raised hood of my clitoris. The back of my hand was coated in juice and I could feel the back of the panties sticking to my bottom. Knowing who and where the juice came from was an enormous turn on.

In the back room Claudette is standing in front of Francine who is on her knees again. The girl has both hands up Claudette's skirt and is slowly unhooking the stockings and rolling them down her legs. The white satin panties are in full view now and Francine is almost salivating with desire. Claudette reaches down and helps Francine to stand. They kiss.

I inserted a finger into my slit and found myself to be a total swamp down below. I sucked the juice off my finger and thought about the taste of Veronique's liquid.

The last five minutes of the video shows Francine, wearing only an ivory coloured Chantilly lace thong, nipping Claudette's areolae and nipples with her teeth while furiously fingering the woman's slit. Claudette stifles a cry and grips the back of Francine's head. The camera zooms in on the vagina as Francine removes her two fingers. They are covered in creamy juice and a stream of liquid flows out of the open slit down onto Claudette's thighs.

My own orgasm came as soon as I focused on Francine's sopping fingers and I rubbed my clit until my vibrations ceased.

The following day, Sunday, my parents returned with my children. They had had a good time and were very tired and after about an hour or so they were soon asleep. I did my usual Sunday evening chores around the house and for a while forgot about Veronique and what had happened the previous evening. It was almost like having two distinct lives.

Around nine that evening a gentle knock on the door took me away from my ironing. Veronique was standing there in a little black dress and she whispered, 'Are the little ones back?'

'In bed,' I replied. 

'Are you alone?'

I nodded. She took a step forward and kissed me on the mouth. 'Tuesday morning you have your first photo shoot, and ......' She kissed me again. 'And in the afternoon you have a video.'

'Really?' 

'You'll be getting £350 for one day's work. Ha, if you can call it work?'

I had a smile from ear to ear. 'Thankyou.'

She kissed me again and gave my breast a little squeeze. 'You free tomorrow any time?'

'Well, I'm in the boutique in the morning and finish at 12. Why?'

'Some sexy shopping is why.'

The following day I spotted Veronique waiting for me just outside the shop. I was a bit worried in case she'd want to kiss me or, worse, grab my breasts or something of that nature. But I shouldn't have worried as she merely smiled, gave me a normal hug and away we went.

'So?' I said. 'Sexy shopping?'

'Yes, Ann Summers. Have you been there?'

I admitted that I hadn't. I didn't have the courage, to be honest, to be able to walk in there alone. In any case I always thought their products weren't really for me.

Although the shop we entered was small it was stocked with rails of lingerie and fancy dress clothes. There were shelves devoted to sex toys and stimulants too. From what I could see the shop was empty apart from the one assistant,

I've bought several pairs of thongs and bras and stockings here. Very sexy and you can't find them anywhere else,' said Veronique.

'I thought you got them free with the photo shoots,' I said.

'Sometimes. Well, usually. But I still like to buy my own. Anyway, it's something else I want today, something one of the girls was talking about.'

She left me to look through the lace and silk while she spoke to the assistant who then went to get something off the shelf. Veronique returned a minute later with a little red bag which she slipped into her shoulder bag. I raised my eyebrows in question.

'It's called the Ultimate O.' She gave a laugh and pushed me towards the door, 'Come on, we need to buy you something to wear for tomorrow.'

I let her lead me on and we entered Next in High Street and went straight up to the lingerie section. I was beginning to realise that she had a very good knowledge of where to go for sexy clothes and, again, I put this down to her being French. I think we English have a muted knowledge of such things.

She turned to me (there was nobody close by) and whispered, 'I'm buying this for you, Anita. I want you to look sensational tomorrow morning -- well, more sensational than you do look, if that's possible -- so that they ask you back many times.' 

I could see her logic. 'Are many girls not asked back?'

'Unfortunately yes. Not everyone can look like you or me.' There was a gleam in her eyes.

She went to the end of a rail and picked out a black lace and satin basque. 'You're a size 10, no?'

I nodded. 

'Here,' she had her husky voice on again, 'try this on in the cubicle. I'll get some panties and stockings to go with it.' 

In a way I was a bit miffed that she didn't come into the cubicle to help me try it on and maybe something else. Yet I needed to be realistic; what happened between us behind closed doors should stay behind closed doors. I was a mother to two young children and with parents who were upstanding citizens. I somehow knew that Veronique was keeping herself at arm's length for my benefit as much as for her own anonymity.

When we got home I had about an hour before I needed to pick the children up so Veronique invited me in to her apartment to try everything on. We went into her bedroom and chatted about lingerie while I undressed. I learnt that she preferred lacy underwear and thongs and never wore tights. I hooked myself into the basque and slipped on the black lace thong and fishnet stockings. While I was dressing I noticed with satisfaction that Veronique's nipples were very evident now and I saw how her eyes seemed to glow. Personally I felt as sexy as hell. I knew I was already lubricating and my own nipples were standing to attention as well.

'Oh my!' said Veronique. 'You are pure sex on legs.'

She pulled me towards her and kissed me deeply, her tongue probing every part of my mouth. At the same time her hand went into my panties and she found my opening already wet with desire. She slowly inserted two fingers as far as her knuckles would allow and I felt the heel of her hand against my aroused clit. 

'I love you when you're wet like this,' she breathed. 'And I want to eat you. But you have to take all this off because you need to wear it tomorrow. OK?'

I stood up and quickly removed the lingerie. Veronique did the same with her short dress but she left her white lace bra and thong on. Then she reached for her shoulder bag and took out the plastic covered sex toy she'd purchased. It was an odd thing with three stems or prongs coming out of a pink cylinder. While I was practically begging for some attention she unwrapped it and inserted the batteries. She smiled when she turned it on and saw the prongs vibrating.

'Lie back. Open your legs.' I noticed again that her tone took on that husky edge when she was turned on.

First I felt the tip of her tongue on my clit and it sent a shiver through my body. Then the flat of her tongue raked my clitoral hood and I sighed deeply. After a slight pause when I eagerly awaited the next sensation to bring me closer to orgasm I first heard and then felt the sex toy sliding along my engorged hood. Veronique (or was this really Claudette?) stretched the skin upwards to position the prongs so that they vibrated either side of my hood with one directly against the exposed bud. The effect was amazing: my legs opened even further and I could feel an intense, almost electrical, pleasure all over.

When she inserted two fingers deep into me and started to pump them while maintaining the throbbing vibrations I felt a series of spasms that almost lifted me off the bed. When I was on the precipice of a shattering orgasm she worked her tongue furiously over my clit and I had to hold my hand over my mouth to stop myself from screaming. My thighs flapped against her head and then closed on it. One more lashing from her rigid tongue and I came. Actually I squirted. And my body shook and my legs trembled and my toes curled so much it hurt. I squirted and squirted until I was totally spent.

I lay there, coming down to earth, and realised that Veronique was still lapping up my juices. I reached down and pulled her head up and was confronted by a face sticky with my cream. Some of it was running down the bridge of her nose and there were streaks running down her cheeks.

She kissed me and I could taste my own liquid on her tongue. We lay entwined for a while, her thigh snuggled tight against my vagina. 

'You need to clean up and get your children,' she reminded me. 'But you owe me one,' she added with a grin. 

∞

The following morning, after I'd showered. I left the children at the nursery school, telling the assistant that my parents were picking them up at the usual time. I felt a little guilty but then reassured myself that I would be able to repay their kindness in some way with a decent holiday or a good meal in an upmarket restaurant. Veronique then called to the door and we were off for my first experience as a porn model.

We took a taxi and Veronique gave the driver directions to the North End Industrial Estate where we'd be doing the photo shoots. 

A half hour later we went through the nondescript front door of a large grey brick and sheet metal building and into a short corridor, either side of which were two small offices. We waited outside one of these as the sole occupant was on the phone at that time. Veronique whispered, 'That's Lana. The owner. She's really nice.'

Lana put the phone down and waved us in. Veronique gave her a hug and introduced me as Pascale. The handshake lingered as the beautiful 40-something blonde woman looked me in the eye and smiled.

'You're very beautiful,' she said in a thick accent which could have come from any of the east European countries.

We spent at least 10 minutes chatting. Lana simply radiated sex through the look in her eyes and in her body posture. Strangely, for me, I wondered what it would be like to kiss her, to lick her. Anyway she told me more about the pay and the expectations (clean and fresh bodies, no bruises or cuts, etc) and her golden rule -- no wetness, no coming back.

She ended by saying, 'This morning you do a solo photo session, choice of lingerie. And this afternoon you have a video with Ruby. She's a beautiful latina.'

Then I went to see Olivia, Lana's sister and secretary-cum-model agent. She too was very friendly and we briefly talked over and signed the contract and she asked me about the choice of name and additional features such as false tattoos or contact lenses or hair extensions. From a scrapbook of non=permanent tattoo stamps I decided on a lovely artistic arrangement of letters which Olivia told me was Hebrew for 'Love'. Again I was asked if I was clean down below.

Next I went to meet the makeup girl, Sandra, whose job it was to make me sexy and photogenic and also she had to apply the stamp of 'Love' to my upper arm and photograph it several times so that it could be re-applied in the same spot in future shoots and videos. We discussed colour schemes and she advised me to go for minimal touching up ( a bit of turquoise eyeliner and silver pink lipstick as she thought I needed very little to enhance what I already had. Sandra was another stunning woman who had progressed from pole dancing clubs to various types of erotica videos and then into erotic films for TV. She ended up doing only all-girl films and had several affairs with well-known TV actresses. To her credit she mentioned no names.

Then one of the most beautiful women I'd ever seen in my life came over and hugged Sandra and then looked at me. She had the most striking, oval, brown eyes and a gorgeous smile with Angelina Jolie type lips. Her hair was long and pure, shining blackand her complexion was silky cinnamon. She could have been an advert for the best shampoo or skincare products on the market.

'Hi. You must be Pascale. I'm Ruby,' she put her hand out and I shook it, very aware of the touch of her cool skin. 'We're together this afternoon, right?'

'Yes. I've to do a photo session first.'

Her smile spoke of unbridled desire and she slowly released my hand. 'Would you mind if I watch you? I was supposed to do a video this morning too but it's been postponed.'

'No. That's OK with me.' I was actually surprised that I could speak in her presence; it wasn't that long ago when I had difficulty opening my mouth with Veronique. 'This is my first day. Have you any tips?'

She smiled. 'Oh, you're beautiful and sexy so just be yourself. Emma, the photographer, she'll tell you exactly what she wants in the photo session. Photos are easy enough.' 

She leaned in to whisper in my ear. 'And when you want to be wet just think what we'll be doing after lunch.'

Sandra finished up and I thanked her. 'Enjoy!' she winked at me.

Veronique reappeared, a big smile of admiration on her face, and led me to the photo room which was mostly dimly lit and quite large. In one area there was a double bed with furnishings. In another, a fireplace with sheepskin rug and settee. In the one area where the lights were concentrated was a sofa and various bits of furnishings and fittings. This was where I was led.

'Emma,' Veronique called. 'Here's the beautiful Pascale.'

Emma came over and shook my hand. She was quite pretty with short, spiky, blonde hair and clear blue eyes. It was easy to see that she wore no bra under a cropped, loose-fitting cotton vest and I glimpsed the red elastic of panties just above the waistband at the front of her jeans.

'Have you done a photo shoot before?' she asked after the preliminary greetings. I replied that I hadn't.

'Not a problem. I'll be telling you what I want anyway. So all you have to do is look sexy. The last few shots will be close-up ones of your vaginal area. I take it you know you need to show that you're wet and ready down below?'

'Yeah, I've been told that much. '

'What about clothes?' she asked as she was checking a lens on her Nikon.

I was wearing my own dark blue dress with buttons at the front and, of course, underneath I wore the basque, thong and fishnet stockings. I described the lingerie to Emma and she smiled.

'I love a girl who comes prepared,' she said.

I took up position on the sofa while another girl adjusted the lighting for Emma. I noticed Veronique and Ruby standing together, a couple of metres behind Emma. They were watching me and I noticed they had linked arms and were in close, whispering conversation. Emma started talking.

For the next 20 minutes or so I followed her instructions and slowly lifted then unbuttoned my dress. I stole glances at Veronique and Ruby and saw the gorgeous Latina move behind Veronique and fold her arms around the French woman's stomach. Veronique's mouth opened and the tip of her tongue brushed over her lips.

'Stunning! Exactly what I want!' exclaimed Emma when I stood up in my lingerie.

Ruby's hand came up to Veronique's breast and settled there.

Emma faced away from me and squatted down to adjust something on the camera. I could see that the material of her red panties over the top of her jeans was satin.

'We'll do some close-ups now.' She came closer and set the camera down on the sofa. Her voice became softer. 'You're doing fantastically well, Pascale. Very beautiful. Very sexy. This time I want to take some shots of the basque over the breasts then lower down; the thong, front and rear and the straps attached to the stockings. Is that OK?'

'Yeah, fine.' I noticed for the first time that Emma was wearing perfume.

'Put your hands up to your breasts and fondle your nipples like this.' She placed both hands over her firm, loose breasts and tweaked the nipples over the material. I saw that they were small but hard. Then when I photograph your thong put your hand inside as if you were stroking yourself. All OK?'

'All OK,' I answered.

As Emma concentrated on her shots of the basque and I began to squeeze my breasts and twist my nipples I glanced over at Veronique and Ruby. Immediately I saw that Veronique's areolae had become very pronounced as Ruby's hand now slipped down, over the dress, to the area between her legs. I noticed also that Emma's arm brushed the side of her breast and seemed to highlight the tautness of her nipple. My own nipples were very stiff and enlarged and I grew moist down below. 

Emma kneeled in front of me and gave me instructions on closing and opening my legs and where to put my hands. I knew the wetness in my thong was increasing and I wondered briefly if she would think that she was the cause of my excitement. I stole another glance at the two women and now saw that Ruby was also kneeling at the side of Veronique, her legs spread, and her hand was up the inside of Veronique's dress.

'Now lie back on the sofa and pull the thong to one side so I can get a good view. As I did so I watched Emma's reaction because I was definitely wet. I was rewarded with her quick look into my eyes and a smile. 'Perfect!'

She finished off by having me insert my middle finger as far as it would go then she took a photo of the drenched digit.

She gave me a lingering handshake and said, 'I hope we work again soon.'

'Me too.'

Veronique and I had lunch outside at a picnic table. Ruby had to make some phonecalls and had to see Lana about something.

'Well? What do you think?'

I smiled, 'I enjoyed the show you and Ruby put on.'

'She is insatiable as you'll find out very soon. But she's adorable, as kind as they come.'

'Have you done a video with her?'
