 Authors note: Thank-you to everyone who read the previous chapter of this story, your feedback is much appreciated. Again whereas some things in the story are inspired by my own life this work is purely fictional.

When I woke up in the morning I was buzzing with excitement. I made myself a cup of tea and grabbed a bowl of cereal, practically dancing all the way to the kitchen. The same thing kept repeating, over and over in my mind.

I have a mentor. Veronica is my mentor.

That wasn't the only thing to be excited about. The previous day had been my last day of college before the half term break. I had a whole week where I could do nothing but paint and message Veronica if I wanted. That's pretty much what I intended to do.

I took my cup of tea and my breakfast over to my computer desk and checked my messages. I practically bounced out of my chair when I saw that I had a message from Veronica.

Samantha

I have a couple of ground rules to put in place before we start your lessons. First of all, while I am teaching you, you will refer to me as Miss Veronica. Secondly, you must never lie to me. I will never lie to you so I expect the same amount of respect, and I cannot teach you effectively if you lie to me. 

If you follow these two main rules I'm sure we'll get along fine. I may implement more rules later down the line but I want to get a feel for what interests you in this aspect first. My goal here is to prepare you for this lifestyle. I will teach you what to expect, the ins and outs of areas that interest you, and most importantly how to be safe in this lifestyle.

I help me teach you please complete the following form. If you have any questions feel free to ask.

V

The form she referred to was a form of different fetishes, with check boxes ranging from one to five. The form explained that a one was not interested at all, ever. A five would be extremely interested. It seemed simple enough, just a bit lengthy, and some of the fetishes on here I'd never even heard of. I guess I'll have to ask Veronica a lot of questions about these, I thought to myself.

It took me a while to complete the form and as I suspected I had to ask Veronica to explain what a few were. Golden Showers was one that I couldn't even guess what it meant. Veronica explained that it was the act of urinating on someone. I rated that a one. I am not okay with peoples bodily wastes being all over me. Age play was another that confused me. To me it sounded like engaging in sexual acts with someone under age. Veronica happily corrected me that no, age play is when someone dresses and acts like a child and another person is the parent figure. She used this to explain something important to me.

No one who is engaging in a healthy kink relationship will ever engage in these activities with someone who is under age. If ever there was a person who was under age seen at any events, or had a profile on this site, they would be immediately banned, and told to return only when they are of age. The youngest age I know of where a person will be allowed into this community is eighteen. The age may vary depending on where you are, but the youngest I know of it being is eighteen.

It made sense to me. Once I had finished with the form Veronica informed me that it would take her a little bit to go over everything and figure out where to go next. So I made myself some lunch and did some painting while waiting for her reply.

My painting was of a woman, stood up with her hands bound above her head attached to a fixture in the ceiling. She was gagged with a ball gag, and another woman was stood at her side, flogger in hand. This painting was much better than my previous sketch and I happily took a picture of it and uploaded it to my profile once again.

By this point Veronica had messaged back. I was eager to see what she had in store for me.

Samantha

I do apologise but going over your completed form is going to take me longer than expected. So in the mean time I would like you to research 'Safe, Sane and Consensual' and write me a brief summary as to the meaning of it.

V

I was a little disappointed that she was pretty much leaving me to my own devices but I was curious as to the meaning behind this phrase. I had heard it mentioned numerous times before but never really looked into what it was about.

It didn't take much research for me to find out. Turns out that this is a popular phrase within the kink community that sums up the basic fundamentals for a successful and healthy BDSM relationship.

Safe was pretty self explanatory. Making sure that all parties within a play session are safe. For example if someone is bound making sure they are tied with a quick release knot so in the event of an emergency they can be released without delay and using a safeword at all times.

Sane confused me to begin with but once I started reading up on it, it made sense. Making sure that everyone conducts themselves in a sane and sensible manner. For example if you are spanking someone, don't do it while you are angry as this could come out and you could act more violently than either party wanted.

Consensual was obvious. All parties have to consent to everything that happens. If a party doesn't consent that's when what is happening becomes abuse. Just because you consented to one thing doesn't mean you have to consent to another.

I wrote up my findings and sent them to Veronica. I hoped she was happy with my research. I wasn't too sure what she was expecting of me yet, and whether what I had wrote would be enough as I had been pretty brief.

I made myself a sandwich for lunch while waiting for her to reply. All the while worrying that it wouldn't be good enough. I couldn't fathom why I wanted to impress this woman so badly. It just seemed to me, in all our communication, that she was so well educated, well spoken and very intelligent. It was understandable that I felt a bit inferior.

After finishing my lunch I saw that Veronica had replied. Reading her message I let out a sigh of relief.

Samantha

I am pleased that you managed to complete this small task in a quick but well thought out manner. Your findings on the meaning behind 'Safe, Sane and Consensual' are accurate. I don't need to correct you on anything which I am glad of. It shows that you are very capable of researching terms that you don't understand when the need arises and are able to research them accurately.

I have finished looking over the form you completed and would like to discuss with you some of the things that you rated a four or a five, if that's okay with you?

V

I felt myself blushing at her praise. I felt very happy with myself that I had pleased her, and vowed to myself to carry on doing so, just so I could feel this way again. I wrote up my response unable to get the smile off of my face.

Miss Veronica

I am happy that you are pleased with my work. I have heard the phrase mentioned online several times but never understood the meaning behind it. I am glad to have learnt exactly what 'Safe, Sane and Consensual' means. From what I read it is an important part in any relationship in this lifestyle.

I am happy to discuss with you the things I rated highly.

Samantha

Her response came so quickly that I only had time to make myself another cup of tea. When I sat back down at my desk I read her reply eagerly.

Samantha

Lets start off with an easy one. You rated Bondage a five. Would you be able to elaborate on what and why bondage appeals to you?

V

That set me back a bit. I could word what about it interested me, what I would like done to me in that sense. I wasn't sure I could word why.

I looked at my two most recent works of art and thought to myself, how does this make me feel? The quickest answer that came to mind was aroused. There was something deeper than that though. Instead of looking at it from an outsiders perceptive, I actually imaged what it would feel like from my point of view.

I envisioned myself laid out on a bed, arms and legs pulled away from me as far as they could go. I wriggled my hands and feet but there wasn't much give from the ropes. As I moved the rope rubbed on my skin slightly sending a shiver down my spine. My heart started to race slightly. I felt vulnerable. I was sure I actually enjoyed the feeling. Knowing that I was vulnerable but in a controlled manner, in a safe manner, excited me. I had complete trust in whoever had bound me this way.

I put all of this into words and sent it to Veronica. I explained how I liked feeling vulnerable, exposed. I also explained how having the utmost trust in someone filled me with such happiness. Being able to trust someone that much was a beautiful thing.

Veronica's following message made me smile.

Samantha

Thank you for that description. I have never heard someone describe it that way. Most people simply say how it turns them on. You seem to feel something much deeper than that. Does this how submitted to another makes you feel in general, or just the bondage?

V

I didn't even hesitate with my answer.

It makes me feel this way in general.

The rest of the night she explained to me how bondage should be done safely. The use of a safeword, quick release knots and constant communication. If a gag was used altering the safeword to be non-verbal, such as tapping on something. The one thing she repeatedly drilled into me was a safeword is a necessity. If any Dom/me said that they didn't need or want one, to walk the other way and never look back. If a Dom/me ever ignored a safeword, to talk away and never look back.

She used this opportunity to give me my safeword. She said I would have one so I could get used to having one and that I could use it whenever I needed to. If something she said had struck a nerve, triggered a bad memory, if she asked me something I really didn't want to talk about, or if she asked me to do something that I was comfortable doing.

My safeword was banana. That made me giggle. It just seemed so random and ridiculous. I said so to Veronica. She explained how that was the whole point. It was random. It was something that I would never say in a BDSM scene.

After that I said goodnight to Veronica and went to bed. We had been talking until the early hours of the morning and I was quite tired by the time the conversation drew to a close.

In bed that night I my mind couldn't help but wander to the scene I had envisioned earlier. Except this time my brain expanded on it while my hands roamed to my nether region.

I saw myself, as I was before, tied to the bed. But this time a woman who's face I could barely see was there. She started running her hands along my body. Barely touching me, starting at my ankles and up my legs. Next from my wrists up my arms. She gave my stomach the same treatment and then moved onto my chest. She drew a circle around each of my breasts, slowing spiralling towards the centre where my erect nipple awaited. She didn't touch them.

The lightness of her touches drove me wild. I craved more than her fingers barely touching my skin. I needed her to touch me more. I begged her to touch me more. She just chucked and didn't say a word.

She moved out of my sight and I heard her rummaging around for something. When she returned I saw that in her hands was a blindfold. My heart raced. Placing the blindfold over my eyes I was in complete darkness. I could hear my heart pounding and could feel an ache in between my legs.

I could hear her rummaging around again and then coming back towards me. This time the touch had more pressure but it wasn't her hand this time. I couldn't tell what it was but it was cold and smooth. Her strokes were more random this time, one moment on my arm, then my stomach, then my chest, then my leg.

WHACK!

I shouted out in surprise. That stung a bit. I was pretty sure now that what she had in her hand was a riding crop. While the sting of the hit subsided she continued her random strokes from before. My breath quickened and I shifted uncomfortably. The ache between my legs was growing now, I was desperate for release. I didn't bother trying to beg this time. I knew it would get me nowhere. All I could do would be to give up and accept that I was at her mercy and there was nothing I could do to change that fact.

Everything from then on took a similar pattern. She would randomly stroke parts of my body with the crop and then suddenly and without warning the crop would come crashing down at the tops of my thighs. Soon the sting didn't quite go away, instead replaced by a constant ache. This simply fuelled my desire.

I could no longer keep still and was moving as much as my bonds would allow. I hoped she would take pity on me soon because my mind was a haze and pain and desire, I could barely think straight.

After what I believed was ten strokes to each thigh she stopped. I was nervous as to what was coming next.

I gasped to feel her tongue at my ankle. She slowly licked and kissed her way up my legs. I was hoping and praying she was going where I thought she was. I was disappointed that when she reached the top of my thighs she stopped for a moment and then I felt her giving my arms the same treatment my legs had received.

After my arms she did the same to my stomach, working her way up towards my breasts. She spiralled around them again except this time when she reached the centre she took each of my nipples in turn into her mouth. Ever so gently at first she sucked each tiny nub. Slowly the sucking increased in its pressure and she started to flick her tongue over the end as well driving me wild. I was openly moaning now.

When she pulled away from my chest I groaned, wanting her treatment to continue but she had other plans. She kissed a trail down the centre of my stomach, slowly moving inch by inch until she reached my nether region.

She blew on me softly, causing me to moan slightly in anticipation. She then used her tongue, softly at first around the outside, slowly moving her way in. Her tongue pushed my outer lips aside, gently exploring my inner folds. I was softly moaning continuously at her treatment.

Slowly her licks got more forceful, never putting her tongue where I wanted it most, on my engorged clit. Her tongue even darted inside me for a second before quickly withdrawing. She did this for what felt like an eternity, driving me wild.

Suddenly she sucked my clit into her mouth and drove a finger inside me, pressing on that little button about an inch inside. I quickly felt my orgasm building within me at the bottom of my stomach. It built for longer than I thought was possible, burning hotter than I had ever felt it before.

As suddenly as it had started the orgasm came crashing over me. It was so strong that I felt it in my whole body. I screamed out but she didn't stop allowing me to ride the waves higher and higher until I relaxed into the bed exhausted.

The rest of the week passed in a similar fashion. Veronica taught me a lot about the wide world of BDSM. Her lessons focussed mainly on safety and what to expect during a play session. She had me explain why I was interested in everything that I had rated highly. She told me that I needed to understand myself in this sense, not just understand what the practice is. I needed to understand why it appealed to me.

She explained to me how even though I am a submissive, that doesn't make me a doormat. I don't owe anyone respect based on the fact that they are a Dom/me alone. That respect has to be earned. Any Dom/me that demands respect without showing me the same in return, is not a Dom/me worth my time. She explained how my service as a submissive is mine to give freely and should never be taken forcefully. How I choose when and how I give my service and in the same respect choose when it is taken away.

As we spoke more I found myself even more drawn to this woman. I was attracted to her intellect and wit. Her appearance meant very little to me. Our conversations weren't always serious. We laughed and joked together and I discovered that she had a dark sense of humour like myself. I often found myself awake until the early hours of the morning, just to speak to her longer.

On the Friday of my week off of college I gathered the courage to ask her what I'd been thinking of asking her for a while.

Miss Veronica

I hope this isn't too soon and I apologise if it is. I noticed when we first started speaking to each other that we live in the same city. Would it be possible for us to meet in person?

Samantha

I was practically holding my breathe while waiting for a response. I was worried that it was too soon, that she'd see me as a creep. We had only been talking for around two weeks at this point but I was eager to have some sort of confirmation that this wonderful woman was actually real. I needed to see her with my own eyes.

When I heard the beep her reply made on my computer I nearly jumped out of my skin. I opened the message so full of nerves, certain that she would have said no.

I have been thinking the same thing. I just wanted to wait for you to ask in case the feeling wasn't mutual. I will happily meet with you in person.

I had to stop myself from jumping up and down in excitement. I felt so elated at the idea of meeting her.

I immediately messaged her back asking for a time and a place. We planned to meet the following day at a coffee shop in the city centre. As Veronica explained,

You need to be careful meeting people that you know online in the real world. Online anyone can be whatever they like. The first meeting in person should always be in a public place and only for an hour or two. As much as I would like to talk to you all night long when we meet, we must follow safety precautions. As a further safety precaution we should speak on the phone as well if you are comfortable giving me your phone number?

I happily agreed to her terms. I gave her my phone number and we ended up talking on the phone for over an hour. She spoke with a slight accent that I couldn't quite place. She spoke in much the same manner as she did online. The same intellect and wit was there, I was happy to learn. Online people have a habit of editing themselves to make themselves sound more interesting. That wasn't the case with Veronica.

I went to bed that night with a mixture of nerves and excitement. I hope she liked me as much in person as she seemed to online.