 Authors Note: Thankyou all for reading. I never intended this story to be educational but there were a few comments from people saying how they found it very informative about the BDSM lifestyle. I merely intend it to be accurate but I'm glad that people are learning about how a BDSM relationship should be. I'd like to dedicate this chapter to my real life Domme, the inspiration behind the character Veronica. It will soon have been seven years since our first in person meeting, I hope we have many more years together ahead of us.

The morning before meeting with Veronica I was a bundle of nerves. I forced myself to eat some breakfast even though my stomach was so tight that I wasn't sure I'd be able to keep it down. 

Getting ready was an even bigger challenge. I wanted to make a good first impression so badly that I tried on about a dozen different outfits before I found what I deemed the 'right one'; a nice black skater skirt, black tights and a long sleeved blouse. I decided that less was more with make-up and put on the bare minimum.

Walking to the coffee shop felt like the longest walk of my life, even though in reality it took only about ten minutes. I kept forcing myself to take slow, deep breaths to calm my nerves and stop myself from turning back every couple of minutes.

At the coffee shop I ordered myself my usual, a cappuccino and a blueberry muffin, and looked around the place. There was no sign of Veronica yet so I sat down by the window so I could keep an eye out for her. 

It wasn't too long before I spotted her walking towards the shop. Looking at her properly for the first time I felt like my heart stopped. 

Her hair was blonde at the moment, so she must have been between colours. Veronica had explained to me once that she changed her hair colour very often, always changing it to an unnatural colour and that between each colour she would end up, as she put it 'a washed out horrible blonde colour'. She was wearing tight jeans, small black strappy heals and what I thought looked like a tight fitting velvet hoodie. Even though she wasn't exactly dressed to impressed I could barely take my eyes off of her.

She spotted my through the window and waved. I waved back, blushing at being caught staring. I looked down at my lap, nerves riding to the surface again until I heard her sit down in front of me. I looked up and again felt like I couldn't breathe. She just looked so perfect.

"Sorry for looking like a complete mess. I had a bad morning and this was the best I could manage." She smiled at me and I could feel my cheeks getting even redder.

"You don't look that bad." I looked down again, fidgeting slightly.

"Are you kidding? I look like something a dog puked up." She laughed. I looked up and her smile.. The way her whole face seemed to light up with it. 

I laughed with her, shrugging my shoulders. "Don't worry about it."

We sat there for a moment, just looking at each other and smiling. It felt good finally having a face, a real face and not a picture, to put to the words I'd been reading online. 

"So how has your morning been? Better than mine I hope." She smirked. 

I smiled, "It's been okay. So what happened to you this morning? Why was it bad?" I asked. I just wanted to hear her speak. I wanted to confirm that she was the same person that I had been speaking to online. That she hadn't been editing herself to make her seem more interesting than she actually was.

She signed. "My stupid ex. Kicking up a fuss about how he should have gotten this when we broke up and how he should have got that. He's a prick. We broke up over six months ago. He should have said something sooner and maybe, if he was lucky, we could have spoken about it. Not after six months though." She shook her head and signed. "Then he went on a melodramatic rant about how he wishes we hadn't have broken up but the breakup was all my fault, even though I was the one who dumped him, how he's willing to take me back if I change." She tutted. "I'm afraid after telling him to do one it didn't leave me a lot of time to get ready."

I smiled and gathering all the courage I could, I reached out to hold her hand over the table.

"It's okay. I don't mind. I'm just glad to actually be meeting you. You could have shown up in a bin bag and I would have been okay with it." She laughed at that and I made myself a mental promise to make her laugh as much as I could. Just to hear that sound over and over again. "And he does sound like an asshole. You're clearly better off without him."

We sat in silence for a bit but it didn't feel uncomfortable. I never moved my hand from hers until she moved to take a drink.

"So how's the work for college coming along?" She asked. 

We sat there for over two hours just talking about our lives. The topic of BDSM never came up and I preferred it that way. Instead I got to know her and she got to know me. I wished the conversation would never end but sadly, it had to. 

Veronica looked at her watch and sighed. "Dammit is that the time? I have to get going." She gathered up her things and we walked together to the bus station. I kept feeling this urge to hold her hand but contained it. My desire for this woman, and not just a sexual desire, but I desire to hold her, touch her in anyway I could, was overwhelming.

Before she got on her bus, I again gathered as much courage as I could, and kissed her. Not full on the lips or anything, but a quick peck on the cheek. She looked completely stunned and I turned around and walked away as quickly as I could, blushing all the while, yet I couldn't keep the smile off of my face.

'Is there such a thing as love at first sight? Because if so.. damn it got me good.' I thought to myself. 

On the way home I vowed that I wouldn't message her first. I'd wait for her to message me. That way if my little show of affection had made her uncomfortable she'd never have to speak to me again and that would be that. No awkward conversation that would have me wanting to rid my heart out.

I'd probably want to rip my heart out anyway but at least this way I could save her the trouble.

I didn't hear from Veronica that night but it didn't make me nervous. She had said she was going to be busy most of the night so it made sense that she wouldn't have time to message me. 

That night I again played with myself to thoughts of her. Except this time there wasn't really any bondage or other kinky stuff. She was still in charge, being the dominant one, but this time the fantasy was a lot softer. There was passion, love and intimacy.

I kissed every inch of her body that I could reach, I stroked her, loving the feel of her smooth skin. She held me close as she stroked me, a hand in my hair holding my lips against hers. As my climax washed over me she told me that she loved me. I fell to sleep with a smile on my face as a tear rolled down my cheek. What had she done to me?

In the morning I made myself my normal cup of tea and checked my messages. I hoped that she had messaged me and I hope my unexpected show of affection hadn't made her uncomfortable. Booting up my computer seemed to take an unusually long time, my leg twitching with nerves and anticipation. 

When I saw that I did have a message from her I again felt like I couldn't breathe. Was this a message telling me that she wanted nothing more to do with me? That I had clearly gotten too attached and she didn't want that? I stared at the message for a bit, willing myself to open it. Avoiding reading it wasn't going to make the message vanish.

I held my breath and opened the message.

Samantha,

Meeting you yesterday was fantastic.

I let out a huge sigh of relief. She enjoyed our time together as well! Practically beaming I carried on reading.

I simply wished we could have spoken for longer but as I have explained to you before, the first meeting when meeting someone you know online should be kept brief. I would like to see you again at some point though. Perhaps this time we can have dinner together?

Dinner? Was she asking me out on a date?

For now I'd like to keep our lessons purely online and when we are together in person I'd much rather we got to know each other properly. If nothing more I can see us becoming close friends.

V

My heart sank a little bit. 'Close friends'. So dinner probably wasn't a date. It seemed our meeting had gone so well! I felt like we had really connected. Clearly she didn't feel the same. Was there much point in us meeting again when I wanted something more than she did?

I sat at my desk for what felt like a long time, fighting against the sob that was trying to force it's way up my throat. Even though we hadn't known each other long and had only ever met once I knew that she made me feel safe, wanted and cared for. Was that all in my head? Had I mistaken simple kind gestures and friendship for something more?

I could no longer fight back my tears, instead they began falling down my cheeks freely. I stood up and rushed over to my bed, burying my face in my pillow and holding on to my favourite teddy bear in a vice like grip.

I cried for a long time, not thinking anything, simply feeling. My sadness, loneliness and hurt washed over my in waves. It couldn't last forever though and soon I started to calm down. Once I was calm I started to feel angry. Anger was easier to deal with than sadness so I didn't fight against it. If she wasn't interested in being more than just friends why didn't she make that clear? Why did she offer to mentor me? Why didn't she say something when I kissed her?

I stood up and went to the bathroom and washed my face with some cold water. I decided that I'd just turn my computer off and watch a film. I needed some space before I exploded.

As I went to turn my computer off however I saw that I had another message from Veronica.

Samantha is something wrong? I know you might just be busy but I'm getting the feeling your silence is not because of that. If meeting me in person wasn't to your liking and you wish to stop our relationship please tell me. Don't just ghost me.

V

The message was from half an hour ago. I felt my anger rising even further. If I wished to stop our 'relationship'? We didn't have a relationship. She'd made that perfectly clear. She thought of me as nothing more than a friend when I felt like we were heading to something more. 

I heard my phone ringing and glanced down at the screen. 

It was her.

I considered not answering. I considered ghosting her as she'd accused. I was better than that though. 

I picked up the phone and took a deep breath.

"Hello."

"Samantha! You're okay. I'm sorry if you were busy but I just got really worried about you when you didn't respond to my message."

"I'm not busy but no I'm not okay." I answered, my anger coming out slightly in my voice.

"What's wrong sweetheart?" I laughed slightly at the concern in her voice. At her calling me 'sweetheart'.

"What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong." I felt my anger finally boiling over and my voice started to get louder until I was nearly shouting. "I thought we were going somewhere. I thought we had something. At least I felt something. Clearly you didn't. You didn't tell me this though. You weren't clear with me. You told me how important communication is yet failed to communicate yourself. You're just a hypocrite." I spat out the last word, shaking with anger, tears coming to my eyes again.

"Are you finished?" She asked calmly, her voice harder than what I'd ever heard it before. She carried on before I had a chance to respond, "Now to start with I didn't communicate with you because there was nothing to say. I enjoyed your company and wanted to see where it could go. That's why I asked you if you'd go to dinner with me. So we could spent more time together." 

"But you said.." I started to say but she interrupted me.

"Do not interrupt me." She didn't shout. She didn't snap but she said it with such authority that the words I was going to say died on my lips. "You will have your chance to speak once I have finished." Her voice softened, "I like you Sammie. Really I do. I understand that your last relationship left you a little vulnerable and that it's made you feel insecure and unsure of yourself but you need to tell me when you feel this way. Without all the yelling. I can't help if I don't know." She explained and I let out the breath that I didn't realise I was holding.

I felt stupid. She did like me. I'd just come to the wrong conclusion.

"But in your message about dinner you said we could be close friends. I thought that meant that you didn't want anything more."

"You misunderstood. I said if nothing more we can be close friends." She laughed, "I meant that at the very least we could be close friends. I was hoping we could be something more though. In time."

I blushed, feeling incredibly embarrassed at my behaviour.

"You want us to be something more?" I asked, feeling rather dumb.

"I think in time, yes. I would. We can't rush into things though. So how about dinner?"

"Yes. I'd like to go to dinner with you." I answered quietly, feeling rather sheepish.

"How does next Tuesday at eight sound?"

"That sounds good." I smiled.

"Brilliant. I'll meet you at the bus station at eight then."