 That same evening, after I'd taken a shower in my own apartment I began thinking about Veronique again – the touch of her skin when she hugged me, the softness of her hand on my leg, the taste of her lips when she briefly kissed me, her shapely body in the pink lace lingerie. Under my dressing gown I felt my nipples stiffening. And as they brushed against the towelling of the gown the sensation travelled down to my slit.

I still couldn't understand why Veronique was having this effect on me. After all she was a woman, the same sex as me. And I just didn't think of women like that. Not me.

Yet I couldn't shake the thought of doing a professional pornographic photo shoot. Nor could I separate that thought from the amount of money I could earn. The more I thought of it the more I thought, 'why the hell not!'

I slipped off the gown and put Veronique's gift back on; I wanted to look the part in order to practise; or so I convinced myself. Retrieving the laptop from the bedroom I turned it on and located the website. Veronique had written down her membership details so that I could log on. I sat on a chair at the table and clicked on the thumbnail I was looking at in her apartment. Holding my breath I clicked on each photo, half looking at the pose and half ogling Veronique, while imitating her poses. I wondered if I should call her Claudette.

In this shoot there were about 25 photos from fully dressed to provocatively teasing. I spent a minute savouring each photo. When I saw the last one where Veronique lay back on a table with her legs splayed and a finger inserted in her slit, her wet slit, I realised my nipples were rock hard and my breathing had quickened. Only when I moved my legs and felt the elastic of the thong moving between my buttocks did I realise I had also become slightly damp down below.

I wanted to see more.

Even though I was alone in the apartment I wanted the privacy of the bedroom. So I took the laptop in there, closing the door behind me, and set it on the bed. I didn't need to worry about the curtains as the apartment was on the fourth floor overlooking a dual carriageway and park. As I walked I could feel the thong even more than before. I knew that I was horny and I hadn't felt like that in a long time.

I settled myself on the bed, lying sideways facing the laptop. I chose another photo shoot of Veronique (Claudette) first of all. This time there seemed to be about 20 photos and the first one showed her sitting on a sofa wearing a white mini-dress. It then shows her in various poses in white silk panties and bra. The last half dozen photos show her toying with a mini vibrator which she holds against her clit. The very last photo was a closeup of creamy liquid emerging from her open slit. I lay there stunned, staring, recalling what she had said about everything being natural, not pretence.

I pressed the back key on the laptop and then selected the first video in the selection. Within seconds the video began and on a backdrop of a lake with grass in the foreground the title, 'Summer Idyll' was displayed, followed by the names, Claudette and Genny. Over the next half hour Claudette and Genny, a lovely black girl, finish off a picnic then sunbathe (although dressed) while chatting to each other. Soon Genny starts to stare at the back of Claudette's bare legs and she asks if Claudette wants sun cream applied. Claudette nods and Genny begins to apply the cream to the back of her legs, slowly massaging up her thighs. She sighs audibly when she catches a glimpse of the pink lace of Claudette's panties under the white mini skirt. She massages as far as the elastic of the panties, a fingertip tentatively touching the material. Claudette then rises to her knees and removes her mint green tee shirt and asks Genny to do her back. As she lies on her front again the camera lingers over her back, the lovely pink lace of her bra and down to where the top of her panties appear under the skirt. Genny asks if Claudette wants to remove her bra so the cream doesn't spoil it. Claudette says nothing but rises to her knees again and looks deeply into Genny's eyes. The camera shows Genny's face; her eyes; her mouth. Then it shows Claudette's smile as she reaches behind her to unsnap the bra. She peels it off slowly, all the while watching Genny's face. The camera reveals hard nipples. 

I raised my hand to feel the tautness of my own nipples encased in the bra. I copied what Claudette was doing in the video, squeezing her breasts gently and provocatively and my nipples became even harder.

Claudette begins to unzip her skirt, saying that she doesn't want to get it wet. The skirt falls around her knees and she slides them off. The camera now shows her lace panties. Then Claudette lies on her stomach again and Genny continues to massage her back. She spends some time massaging close to the panties before Claudette turns over onto her back and whispers, 'Don't stop!' Genny rubs the cream around her feet and legs then slides her hands up Claudette's thighs. Claudette obliges by opening her legs a bit and Genny massages the inner thighs as far as the panties allow. The camera shows Claudette's mouth opening slightly then pans down her body, past the erect nipples to her panties and Genny's fingers sliding along her inner thighs.

I believe I actually moaned when I saw that Claudette's panties had a small damp spot along the gusset. My hand left my breasts and snaked down my body, over the taut lace of the suspender belt and onto my panties. I slid a finger down between my thighs, over the damp material. My clit reacted to the pressure and I realised that it had been a long time since I'd masturbated. 

I fast forwarded the video to the point where Genny's fingers brushes up against Claudette's damp panties. Genny finishes kissing and playfully nipping Claudette's breasts and nipples and her tongue begins licking its way down her body, teasing her belly button and down to the elastic of her panties. She doesn't remove these but inhales the aroma of the material. Her lips and teeth seek out the tender flesh of the upper thighs and the camera shows the increased wetness of the lace material which Genny teases with a long finger. 

I inserted one and then two fingers inside me and started to slowly push them and pull them in a pump action until my legs went rigid.

Genny pulls the pantie leg to one side and the camera zooms in on Claudette's half-open vagina. It is very wet and the clitoral hood is visible. Both women look at each other with pure lust. Slowly Genny eases a dry finger directly into Claudette's slit. Claudette moans. 

With my free hand I pulled the hood up to uncover the sensitive bud of my clit and I gently began to stroke this with my index finger. I could feel myself becoming more lubricated.

Genny's tongue lashes across Claudette's clit while her finger moves faster inside the slit. Immediately Claudette's body twitches and her thighs spasm. She breathes out long and loudly as Genny slowly removes her finger which is drenched. A little stream of white liquid flows out of the slit onto the elastic of the panties. The camera shows Genny's beaming face and clearly there is cum on her lips and chin. She uses her tongue to taste it.

My clit couldn't take any more and my whole body convulsed in the throes of orgasm. Even as I eased my fingers out of my wetness my legs were vibrating. I closed them tightly but the pressure of the lace on my sensitive clit made me spasm again. 

I lay there a while until my senses came to, rather like awakening after a vivid dream. Even though the video hadn't ended I turned it off. I was trying to get my head around the fact that I had just had an orgasm watching two beautiful women having sex.

After a while I got up to make myself a cup of tea and it was while walking that I realised just how wet I was. Unbelievably this turned me on again as I thought of Veronique's panties being soaked when Genny had finished with her. I stopped mid-stride when I came to the earth-shattering conclusion that I desired Veronique; I wanted to make love with her.

The tea did nothing to abate the desire so I went back to the laptop and opened the website again. The anticipation was hardening my nipples again. Although there were so many other girls to look at I still only wanted to see Claudette. The number of photos had increased from 17 to 18 so I clicked on the photos and selected the first one. Immediately I realised that this was the shoot from this morning.

The first few photos show Claudette in an office, wearing a black pin-stripe dress, standing, bending over a desk and sitting cross-legged showing the top of her stockings. The rest of the photos show her in various stages of undress and I grew wet again looking at her in the lingerie which I now wore.

I slipped my hand down inside the thong, over my pubic hair and open slit, and when I withdrew them I saw that my fingers were coated in wet goo; the result of my recent orgasm. I pored over the images of Claudette while I stroked my clitoris into a frenzy. In mere minutes creamy liquid was oozing out of me onto the lace and satin. I exploded in an overwhelming orgasm as soon as I slipped three fingers deep into my slit. When I pulled them out the cum was dripping off them onto my suspender belt and stomach. It took a full minute for my legs to stop shaking.

∞

The following morning I woke early and refreshed and it was in the shower that I made up my mind that I was going to ask Veronique if I could make an attempt at doing a video. I also decided that I needed some sexy lingerie of my own. I convinced myself that it was an investment; it was certainly one way of looking at it.

Two hours later I was leaving Marks and Spencer with my purchases of2 lingerie sets plus a lemon-coloured three-quarter length lace sleeve dress which I couldn't refuse. I had spent just under £100 which was a lot of money to me. I hoped to recuperate the expense as soon as possible and with that in mind I headed to Veronique's.

Just as I was entering the apartment complex, however, Veronique was leaving. When I asked her if she'd be free later she told me to call round about half past seven.

Not having the children there allowed me more time to get things done. I could have looked at the website some more but I decided to leave it alone until I'd spoken to Veronique. I did some housework and had some lunch then thought I'd better pay some attention to my hair and make-up. A year ago I'd got an expensive make-up kit from my mother but had never used it. Now was a good time I thought. I also shaved my pubic hair to look like Claudette and Genny in their video.

At seven I started getting dressed. I decided against stockings and unwrapped the grey silk and lace bra and panties that I'd bought that morning. They were really gorgeous and both had a little black satin bow at the front to set them off. Because I'd shaved below I was much more aware of the material on my sex. I also put on the lemon dress and my best black high heels. Even I thought I looked good in the mirror.

At exactly half past seven I knocked on her door. After a few seconds Veronique opened it, looked at me and smiled. 'You look amazing.' She gave me a lingering kiss on the cheek, close to my mouth, and led me by the hand inside.

Over a glass of wine I told her that I'd seen a couple of her photo sets and the video. She was sitting beside me on the sofa and I was very aware of her scent. 

'When I was watching the video, you know, watching you and Genny together .....'

Veronique turned slightly in towards me on the sofa and her bare leg rested lightly against mine. 'What did you think of Genny? Isn't she gorgeous?'

'Well, um, yeah. She is.'

'Sorry, Anita, you were saying about watching the video?'

I nodded. 'So I was thinking, you know .....'

Veronique smiled a little at my hesitation. 'Well, thinking's good.'

Again I did no more than nod and smile dumbly and she picked up on my discomfort. I felt my nipples stir when she lightly placed a hand on my thigh. 'Are you thinking you'd like to do a video like that?'

'Maybe,' I shrugged.

Veronique looked at me for a moment and gave my thigh a gentle squeeze. 'You do realise the videos are all girl? That means lesbian content, you know.'

'Yeah, I know. I mean I saw the video.' I put my hand on top of Veronique's. 'There's .... Just..... one thing.'

'I know what you're going to say, Anita, because I said the same thing too when I started.'

I looked her in the eyes and nodded. 'Have you ever kissed a girl, Anita? I mean really kissed a girl?'

I shook my head slowly and said, 'no.'

'And so you've never been with a girl, touched her and let her touch you?'

Again I shook my head. 'Ever wondered what it would be like?' she asked.

'No. Not ..... not until I watched the video.' My heart was beating fast now but it felt good, strangely enough.

'Do you want me to show you what it feels like?' Her tone had taken on that husky edge.

My nipples were erect with anticipation. I nodded faintly to Veronique. She was really beaming now and her nipples were matching mine for tautness.

'OK, Anita, let's stand up a minute. OK?' 

I nodded and stood up. She held me in an embrace and I could feel her pert breasts against my own. Then I felt her breath in my ear.

'I want you to think of yourself as Pascale. And I'm Claudette. Is that OK? And anytime you want me to stop, just tell me.'

She broke off the embrace and looked me in the eyes. I nodded and returned her smile.

'Good. Then let's start with this.'

She moved towards me and held me close, one arm stretching around my back and the other hand caressing my upper arm. Her mouth came to mine and I felt the full softness of her lips and the taste of her lipstick. It started off as gentle, almost probing. I felt the tip of her tongue on my lips but it didn't try to force itself into my mouth; it was just exploring the rim. I too held her, pulling her closer, without being forceful, until I was aware of her body against mine. Both my hands were on her back, roaming slowly. I could feel the bra at her back through the thin material of her top. And slowly we began to melt into each other, hungry for more. Her tongue finally entered my mouth and I pulled her towards me more forcefully.

'Wait,' she breathed. 'Let's sit down before we fall.'

So we sat and we started all over again. And without warning her hands started to explore. I moaned when they found my breasts and kneaded them and teased the nipples through my dress and bra. And I squirmed when her hands touched my thighs and stroked the insides and moving higher and higher without actually finding the wetness of my panties.

'Pascale, do the same to me,' she almost pleaded.

My mouth had gone dry and I was shaking with nervous tension but I managed to whisper 'OK.' And so I placed both my hands over her inviting breasts and could easily feel the raised areolae and the outline of a lace bra. I was growing hornier by the minute and began to stroke and squeeze her tits. It wasn't long before I heard a moan escape from her mouth. As soon as I placed a hand on top of her thigh she stopped me suddenly.

'Oh, Pascale, stop a minute!' She was breathing rapidly but her eyes were sparkling. 'I'm so wet. Are you?'

I nodded. 'Yes. Yes. Very.' In the back of my mind I wondered why all this wasn't freaking me out – I mean, you know ......

She seemed almost bashful, if that were possible. 'Do you, I mean, can we move to the bedroom? Do you think?'

'I'd like that, yes.'

We lay, till fully clothed, on the bed. I was on my back and she was on her side with one leg pushed in between mine. She continued kissing me while massaging my breasts and I had my hands on top of her backside .

I began to wonder if she was as wet as she said and I also wondered what she wore under the skirt and top; what colour and what material. As her leg moved more forcefully between mine, bringing her knee up to my pubic bone, I started to pull her skirt up so that I could get access to her bottom. 

She took her hand off my breast and put it straight down between my legs and over the wet silk and lace. I moaned out load.

'I think we need to get your dress off, Pascale.' She let me sit up and then she began to unbutton it. Her eyes grew wide when she saw the grey underwear. 'Gorgeous. And you shaved? I nodded.'

'You too,' I breathed. 'I want to see, Claudette.' She smiled when I used her other name.

She lifted her arms up so that I could pull the white top over her head to reveal a salmon-coloured lace and satin bra that barely held her swollen areolae and nipples. Then she knelt so that I could unhook her skirt at the back and ease them down her legs. My mouth opened wide when I saw the same colour thong which had a very pronounced wet stain.

At the same time both of us went to unhook each other's bras and we eased them off the shoulders. Her breasts were amazing; they didn't drop when released from the bra but stood out horizontally. The areolae were swollen and the nipples were small but erect. Her fingers came up to feel my long, thick nipples and she began to pull them gently and strum them with those fingers. The effect was a real turn on.

She pulled me towards her and gave me another kiss. Our breasts were pushed together and the firm feel of her against my nipples was amazing. 'Do what I do to you, Pascale,' she said.

Her hands went to my bottom and she pulled me against her and started kneading my buttocks. When I placed my hands on her backside I realised the back of her thong was merely an elastic string between her cheeks. For some reason this excited me even more and I pulled up slightly on the elastic which made her moan. She then moved one hand to the front of my panties and slid her hand firmly over the wet material and down between my legs. It was my turn to moan now as she massaged me there causing my clitoral hood to become firm and sensitive. When I copied her I was stunned at how wet she was. The soaked satin just seemed to stick to the hard ridge of her clitoral hood and as my fingers went further down I knew her vagina was open.

I think we were both on the verge of cumming then so Claudette pushed me onto my back and she turned round and straddled me; her face on my sex and my face under hers. She first pulled my panties to one side and buried her face into the wetness. I felt her chin rubbing against my clit. Her sex came down onto my mouth and nose and I was coated in her liquid, through the drenched satin. I opened my mouth and rammed my tongue against the material and as she positioned herself better I found her ridge. I think she tongued my clitoral bud just a few times before I felt my orgasm building. The feeling was intense and I tried to close my legs against it but of course her head was still down there.

'Uuuuhhhh ..... aaaaahhhh .... I'm cummmm ....'

One more pass of her rigid tongue on my exposed bud and I bucked really hard and came. How I came! My legs trembled for seconds and my toes curled up and my whole body seemed to spasm. I could feel the sharp tang of the orgasm from my toes to the crown of my head. As it subsided I was still struggling for breath. And when Claudette finally got her head out from between my thighs my legs clamped shut.

Claudette twisted round to face me and I gasped when I saw her mouth, jaw and nose dripping with my cum; it was like someone had liberally coated her in face cream. She wore a smile like a Cheshire cat. She used one finger to wipe the liquid off her nose and then she watched me as she sucked her finger.

'You taste delicious.' She said. 'But, Pascale, you've only taken me to the edge. I haven't had my orgasm.' She lay on her back with her legs apart and her hands gently rubbing her stiff breasts.
