 Victoria had just about finished packing. 

It was only a weekend trip away, but Victoria was not an experienced camper and wasn't sure what she should pack. The Spring weather was pleasant and it wasn't expected to be any different at the lakeside location that they were going too. Nevertheless, she still ended up packing more clothes than she would ever probably need, just in case.

She had her sleeping bag, even though she wasn't entirely sure where she would be sleeping. Ruby had made all the arrangements with her friend Frankie, so she was a little in the dark. Frankie had a camper van with a mattress in the back, but she wasn't sure who would be sleeping there, and who would be sleeping outside in the tent that Ruby was bringing. 

Thinking of Frankie and her van brought back memories of the last time she and Ruby had "got together". She smiled to herself recalling how Ruby had taken her in the back of that van, bringing her to multiple squirting orgasms with her tongue, as she laid spread eagled on Frankie's mattress.

She still found it hard to believe how much things had changed in just a short period of time. Just a few months ago she was a happily married straight wife. But now she was a happily married bisexual wife who had been turned one night by her daughters hot as hell teacher, Miss Ross. That one night in the teachers lounge, where Ruby had seduced her, demanding she take off her jeans and spread her legs, and she had so willingly complied.

Then the night on Rubys motorbike, when the throbbing of the bike engine had gotten her so wet that when they had gotten to rubys apartment, it was only a matter of time before they retired to the bedroom and Ruby had taken her again. Over and over.

And finally just a few weeks ago, when Victoria had gone to watch Ruby play soccer, and she had been invited into the dressing room after the game. When Ruby had stripped naked in front of her, showing off her slim, gorgeous, tattoo covered body. And when she had been distracted by the sight of Frankie, standing naked under the shower, staring straight at her.

Recalling the sight of two hot lesbian women standing naked before her, her "girlfriend" Ruby and the exciting stranger, Frankie, made her blush. And wet. She was alone at home. Her husband and children had gone away that weekend, freeing her for her camping weekend away. In a few hours Ruby and Frankie would be picking her up, and they would be driving away together. 

What the weekend had in store she wasn't sure. But thinking about spending time alone with two lesbians was an exciting prospect. She didn't really know Frankie, apart from the fact that she and Ruby had once been lovers. But Ruby had assured her that that was now finished. Not that she really felt jealous. After all, she was a married woman. She really had no claim over Ruby. 

It wasnt jealousy she felt. It was arousal. Ruby had awaken feelings in her she never really knew she had. And Frankie had set those feelings alight. She was looking forward to spending time together with the two young women. Thinking what the weekend may have in store was getting her wet.

She was contemplating lying down on her bed and using her favourite toy, when her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a car pulling up outside, followed by a beep on the horn. She quickly grabbed her bag and headed outside.

Ruby was sitting in the front passenger seat, and Frankie was just coming around to open the sliding side door. Victoria thought she woud be sitting in the back, but when Frankie opened the door for her, she saw that the back seat had been laid down flat, already serving its dual purpose as a mattress/bed. 

"Sorry Victoria, I had to set the bed up already so we had more space for our bags. Just chuck your bag in here. You'll have to sit upfront with us. Hope you don't mind?"

"No, not at all. But please call me Vicki."

"Vicki it is then. I'm really glad you and Ruby decided to come. The old van hasn't had a good workout in a while."

She gave Victoria a cheeky grin as she said it, and she couldn't help but blush. 

Ruby had hopped out of the van, so that Victoria could sit in the middle of the front bench seat. She gave Victoria a peck on the cheek, and a pat on the bottom as she climbed into the van. Frankie got back in behind the wheel, and they were soon on their way.

The front seat was fairly tight, with Victoria brushing up against Ruby on one side and Frankie on the other. She would normally have felt uncomfortable, but it actually felt kind of nice. 

She had worried that the atmosphere would be kind of awkward, considering the age gap and the fact that Ruby and Frankie had once been in a relationship together. But it was quite the opposite. Ruby and Frankie had obviously split up on good terms, and clearly still had affection for each other. They were relaxed and cheerful in each other's company, and that helped Victoria to relax as well.

Despite the relaxed atmosphere, Victoria still felt herself blushing when Ruby reached out and took her hand in her own, laying them down together on Victoria's leg. She still felt awkward, a supposedly straight woman, having a lesbian so openly displaying their "friendship" in public. It was surreal. 

Frankie didn't seem to notice, or if she did, didn't say anything.

Victoria really started to warm to Frankie. She was so open, fresh and cheeky. She always seemed to be smiling, and took a genuine interest in Victoria. She seemed to really enjoy Ruby telling her about the night they met. Again, there was no signs of any jealousy that Victoria worried might be there given Frankie and Ruby's previous relationship.

Hearing Ruby recall the night of their first encounter had Victoria feeling a little "hot". Ruby seemed to sense that, and turned to her and kissed her on the cheek. Victoria smiled, and kissed her back. Their faces stayed together, and Ruby looked into her eyes. Victoria held her gaze, as Ruby leaned in and kissed her full on the lips.

Victoria kissed her back, enjoying the sensation. Rather than back away again, Ruby kissed her even more passionately, parting her lips and slipping her tongue into Victoria's mouth. 

Victoria couldn't help but respond, letting her own tongue meet that of her lesbian lover. Ruby let go of her hand and took hold of her thigh instead, rubbing up and down as their tongues flicked each other. 

Victoria was truly lost in the moment. At first she didn't register the hand on her other leg. She supposed that subconsciously her brain had confused that with Rubys hand. But then she realized that both hands could not be Ruby's. It had to be Frankie.

Ruby sensed her apprehension, breaking their kiss. She looked down at Frankie's hand on Victoria's leg, but said nothing. She turned back to Victoria and kissed her hard on the lips, darting her tongue even more aggressively into her mouth. 

Victoria responded. Kissing her young lesbian lover back, sticking her own tongue deep into Ruby's mouth. No words were spoken. Frankie rubbed her leg, gently up and down her thigh. 

Instinctively she wanted to part her legs, to feel that hand creep even higher, to where she was now slick with wetness. But the confines of the seat meant that wasn't possible. And Frankie was still driving after all. It wouldn't do to have her too distracted.

Reluctantly Ruby broke their embrace. But for the rest of the journey, the two lesbians each took a leg, laying their hands on each of Victoria's thighs. An understanding had passed between the three women. This was going to be no ordinary camping trip.

Soon enough they arrived at the camping site, which was beside a lake and quite secluded. They seemed to be the only campers around, which Victoria supposed was due to it being out of season, with a slight chill in the air, especially when the sun went down.

They spent the rest of the daylight hours setting up camp, which basically meant pitching Rubys smallish tent, and getting the fire ready. Frankie had packed plenty of food and drinks, which they were soon enjoying around the open fire.

As they chatted and laughed around the fire, what had happened in the van on the drive down seemed to have been forgotten. No one mentioned it, or even alluded to it. But every now and again, Victoria caught Frankie looking at her in a certain way. A way that Victoria took to be quite suggestive. 

Ruby sat next to Victoria, and it was very clear what she had in mind. The tent she had brought down was small and cozy, and she couldn't wait to get her straight housewife inside it. She hadn't been down on her for weeks, and she wanted to taste that straight clit and pussy again more than anything.

She knew that Frankie wanted a taste as well. But she would just have to wait her turn.

"Time for bed." Ruby announced, standing up and pulling Victoria up by the hand as well.

"Goodnight" was all Victoria could get out as Ruby virtually pulled her into the tent, pullin the zipper closed behind them.

"Goodnight you two, see you in the morning," shouted Frankie from outside. "Don't be too loud, I need my sleep." 

Victoria could here Frankie putting the fire out, then climbing into the back of her van, pulling the door closed behind her.

Ruby had that look in her eyes. She had seen that same look each time she had made love to Victoria. She had to admit, it made her even wetter than she already was.

It wasn't long before Ruby had stripped naked. In the soft torch light inside the tent, Victoria stole a glance at her hot young body. The pert breasts, the sexy tattoos, the neatly trimmed blonde bush.

Ruby pushed her onto her sleeping bag. Victoria was still fully clothed, with the naked young lesbian on top of her, grinding into her with her hips. They kissed, their tongues resuming the hot flicking and darting that had started in the van on the drive down. 

Ruby reached down and undid the button and zipper on Victoria's jeans. They were soon discarded, with Victoria's panty covered pussy at the mercy of the young lesbian. Instinctively, Victoria spread her legs, getting ready for the sensation of tongue on clit that she so desperately needed.

The loud clap of thunder seemed to happen just above the tent, it was so loud. 

Then the rain started. Light at first, then heavier. 

As the rain poured down, the tent started to leak. Water flowed in from an unseen hole in the roof. Not a lot, but just enough to wet their sleeping bags.

"We can't sleep here, we will have to bunk down with Frankie". Said Ruby, quickly grabbing her discarded clothes.

Victoria had to agree. The tent would soon be saturated. She quickly put her jeans back on, grabbed whatever dry bedding they had left, and dashed across the campsite to Frankie's van.

In her haste, Victoria noticed that Ruby hadn't even bothered to get dressed. She was still naked, holding her clothes against her chest as they sprinted the few metres to the van. 

Frankie must have heard them coming, as she had the door of the van open as they arrived. They quickly jumped in, escaping the now torrential downpour.

She threw them each a dry towel. "You'd better get out of those wet clothes before you catch a cold." 

Victoria knew she was right, but still, the thought of stripping naked in front of Ruby still made her nervous, let alone in front of a relative stranger. 

Then she realised that Frankie herself was virtually naked, sitting on the mattress/bed in just her panties. Ruby had already dropped her bundle of wet clothes, and was drying her naked body unashamedly.

To hell with it she thought. It's nothing they haven't seen before. And she began to strip.

The van had a "pop-up" roof, so she could stand up straight. Ruby had now joined Frankie on the bed, with just a single pair of panties between them. They didn't even pretend not to watch, as Victoria first took her top off, then her jeans.

Slowly she reached behind and undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her large breasts hung down heavy, her nipples stiffening. She looked at Frankie as she in turn stared at her breasts. An almost inaudible "wow" escaped from Frankie's lips. 

For her part, Ruby seemed proud to have her housewife girlfriend displaying herself to her ex lover. She simply laid there, enjoying the show.

Finally, Victoria pulled down her panties. Her large hairy bush was now being stared at by both Ruby and Frankie. She allowed them just a momentary glimpse, before grabbing a towel and drying herself off.

"Sorry girls, but I have no spare pajamas and as you can see, I don't wear them anyway. You don't mind sleeping in the buff do you?"

"Not me." Said Ruby. 

Frankie and Ruby crawled up to the top of the bed, crawling under the quilt cover. They left a space in the middle, clearly intended for Victoria. Just like in the front seat on the way down. 

Still naked and feeling a chill, Victoria crawled up the bed and got in under the cover, between the two lesbians. 

"How about that rain hey." 

"Sure is pouring down out there."

"Must be very very wet."

The last comment was from Ruby, and as she said it, her hand went to Victoria's thigh under the cover. 

"I like it wet though."

This from Frankie, and as she said it, her hand went to Victoria's other thigh.

Victoria lay on her back, a mixture of apprehension, nervousness and arousal.

At almost the same time, the two hands gently prised her legs open, just the smallest bit. It was a test, to see how the middle aged housewife would respond.

Victoria relaxed, and let them open her. They sensed her willingness, and pulled her fully apart. Her legs had been spread.

Ruby went first. Her hand found Victoria's mound, instantly registering just how wet she was. As first one, then two of Rubys fingers entered her, Victoria leaned over and started to kiss her young lover. 

She was turned on more than she had ever been. She was naked in bed with two gorgeous young lesbians, both about to fuck her.

Victoria rolled onto her side exposing her back to Frankie as Ruby kissed and finger fucked her.

As Ruby fingered her, she felt Frankie's hand on her hip. Then down to her bottom, grabbing her large arse globe. Then rubbing in her crack. 

Ruby sensed the presence of the other lesbian. Withdrawing her fingers from the straight woman's cunt, she now used her fingers to hold open the outer lips, an open invitation to Frankie to join the love making.

Frankie's fingers found the wet hole, now dripping its juices uncontrollably. She had two fingers inside Victoria when Ruby also entered her again, pistoning her finger in time with the two that had entered her from behind.

The two lesbians finger fucked her, while Ruby kissed her on the lips and Frankie kissed the back of her neck and nibbled her ear. 

She sensed they wanted better access, and raised her upper leg slightly, fully exposing her hole from both front and back. She know had four fingers inside her, two of Frankie's, two of Rubys. 

Her first orgasm caught her by surprise. All the fingers seemed to hit the exact right spot simultaneously, and she spasmed at once, coating those fingers in her womanly cum. 

Her clit was throbbing. It needed a tongue. She knew what Rubys tongue could do, but deep down she wanted Frankie between her legs. She wanted that dark haired beauty to lick and suck her to a fucking orgasm. She wanted to look down and see Frankie's head between her legs, her tongue on her clit.

She turned to Ruby. "Is it ok?"

Ruby instinctively knew what she was asking. She smiled. "Of course it's ok. Enjoy."

Frankie grabbed her on the shoulder, rolling her back onto her back. 

Pulling the cover off the bed, she moved down between Victoria's legs.

Ruby had given her consent, the housewife clearly wanted it, so she was going to give it to her.

She opened Victoria's legs wide, and went to her gash, licking it up and down.

First the outer lips, then dipping tentatively inside the open gash, then thrusting deep inside. 

Ruby leaned over and took a breast in her mouth, sucking the erect nipple.

Frankie's tongue was now on her clit, hard as a little pebble and demanding release. Frankie teased it, flicking it gently before returning to the open gash, then coming back again. On each return, the tonguing got more aggressive, more prolonged. 

She felt her cum building, but each time she thought it was about to explode, Frankie went back to the gash, the orgasm subsiding. Over and again, until finally she could take no more - "just suck my clit. I need to cum. Suck me off."

Frankie took her clit fully in her mouth, sucking the hard little love button as hard as she could. At the same time, Ruby bit down gently on her nipple, and the cum exploded. She couldn't help but cry out, as her pussy spasmed and her orgasm broke over her, wave after wave. Frankie kept sucking the clit, prolonging the cum for what seemed like forever. 

Victoria had had her first threesome. She had now been fucked by two lesbians. She loved them both.

She rolled over in the bed and savored the sense of release her orgasm had given her. Sensing movement, she turned around after a few minutes and saw Ruby and Frankie, entwined together and kissing passionately. She lay there and watched as her two lesbian lovers made love to one another. None of them got much sleep the rest of the night.