 All details of Your Pleasure APP & vibrator (™) is subject to copyright and any attempt to share this technology is liable to prison sentences up to 5 years. Our app is a secret private product designed to turn in any woman into a submissive slut and we want it to stay that way.

*****

She got the package just the day after she had filled in her address information on the Your Pleasure APP & vibrator (™) webpage. She had been curious about the device ever since a colleague at school had heavily recommended it to her saying it had changed her life and gives the most intense pleasure imaginable.

She had before considered herself a conservative proper girl that never had bought a sex toy or even for that matter really masturbated just massaging outside her panties or when in the shower putting the shower head between her legs. 

She would also prefer to dress conservatively and modest to not attract too much attention. The problem she had was that because of an unfortunate coincidence with her genetics she had gotten a pair of massive Double D breasts that just looked offensively huge on her slim body. 

There was just no way hiding her gigantic boobs no matter how she dressed and she had early age just given up. She now usually wore dark tight pencil skirts and blazer with a top or unbuttoned shirt to let out her boobs out and reveal her cleavage. It had just been impossible for her to close a shirt at work around her massive rack without buttons popping off and exposing her so now she just her shirts unbuttoned and tried not to think about all the women and men staring down at her tits.

The rest of her body was very pretty with a cute young face and very long straight black hair. She had a thin body from always walking to work and was quite tall for being Asian, the tallest in her school when she had been growing up. The tight thin skirts she wore showed a very sexy tight round butt. 

For accessories she rarely wore jewelry but she was very interested in very high heels even wearing 4 or 5 inch sexy heels to work. Sure people turned and looked at her but they looked anyway because of her large chest so she might as well walk in shoes she thought looked good.

Today she had just gotten home from work with her package to her cozy two room apartment where she lived alone. Between her busy job and volunteering to help the old lady next door she just didn't have much spare time for dating. She sat down at her comfortable desk swivel chair, turned on some cute Japanese j-pop and took of her heels and rolled down her two stockings off her long slender legs. She always wore stay ups or garter belt under her dark short skirt, it was just too warm and moist to wear anything else in the Tokyo summer.

She put the small brown package on her desk and started to open it. She rarely ordered anything new on the internet and just receiving anything was exciting. Inside was two items: a small purple egg and four stainless steel cuffs.

The small purple egg was not much larger than her pinky and made of a soft rubber material that felt soft to the touch. On the back side of the egg were two rows of small tiny flat metal pieces, maybe for charging the battery but she didn't see any dock to attach to the egg? So why were there metal on the egg?

From one end of bullet shaped egg vibrator was a thin purple string that she assumed she would use to pull the vibrating device out from her vagina when she had finished trying it. She put the egg to the side on her desk.

The second item was four rings made off stainless steel. Two was a bit larger and two smaller and quite heavy to hold. They were a hinged bangle bracelet quite simple and elegant in their design with weak magnets keeping them closed or open. She noticed that all four of them had engraved a tiny Bluetooth symbol so they were presumably to connect to the app somehow but she was unsure why.

The final item was a simple one page manual, just a pamphlet with an url link to where to download the app. She dropped the four rings also on the desk with a few pretty ringing sounds and reached for her phone in her little handbag.

Her smartphone was the latest on the market with a large touch display bigger than her hand. She held up the device to her face and it unlocked displaying row after row of her most used apps. She really loved technology.

A few presses on the screen later and she had found and installed the Your Pleasure APP (™) on her phones system. She thought it was a bit strange of all the different access the app requested when installing, why did it need to get access to her contacts and notes for example? But she quickly pressed confirm to authorize on all the pop up prompts without thinking much about just like she usually did. 

She took a deep breath and pressed the app icon, a pair of purple woman's lips. As she opened the the app she was greeted what looked like a chat window dressed in friendly pink and purple colors. Three animated dots appeared on the top of the screen as if someone was typing in the chat window.

"Good afternoon miss, I am your personal AI that will customize your pleasure experience to suit you best. Follow my commands as I prepare everything for us." 

The text had detected her default phone language and were written in Japanese. From the speakers in her phone a digital female voice read out loud the text on the screen with a happy playful tone also in Japanese. The three dots appeared again and then another line of chat just under the first one.

"Okay let's start by detecting your state of the art vibrating and controlling device..."

"Ah there is, woho!"

The purple egg on the desk vibrated two times making it roll over a little. She reached over instinctively and held it in her hand.

"Please put me inside of you, now."

The voice was more stern now. She looked at the small egg and felt herself getting aroused. She might as well continue now. She bent forward and pulled up her skirt a little. She stroked her pussy on the outside of her black small panties a few times and then pulled them aside displaying her shaved pussy. She had always preferred it bald, it just felt more proper like that.

Slowly she moved the egg to between her pussy lips and carefully pushed it inside. When more than half was inside of her now moist vagina she let go and her own muscles inside of her body guided it more inside of her as the pussy closed around it leaving just the thing purple string hanging out from her. 

"Ahhh oh so good thank you, you have a really amazing pussy, very tight and warm. Oh and also very pretty that you keep it shaved, I like that oh yes hihi! ;-)"

She felt a quick gentle buzzing inside of her vagina that sent shivers through her entire body. She smiled a little and thought it was interesting that the device had known that she shaved, either it has very advanced sensors or it had been a lucky guess. 

"Let's set up your personal experience and get to know each other better and what we like! First let's put on your cuffs on your wrists and ankles so I can control you better and sense how the blood pulses through your body!"

So that what the rings where for. She one after one opened and closed them with the help of the magnetic locks around her ankles and wrists. They felt cold and heavy.

"Left ankle: connected! 

Right ankle: connected!

Left wrist: connected!

Right wrist: connected!"

She was unsure if it was her imagination but she felt the tingle of four electric shocks when the rings were attached around her limbs. Her phone vibrated drawing her attention back to the chat.

"Time to tell me who you are! Please write me your name. You can either write back to me or just talk into the microphone!"

"Yuzuki".

Yuzuki chose to type in her name. It felt too strange talking to the app and the device inside of her pussy.

"Nice to meet your pussy Yuzuki! You can call me Siri, your happy artificial intelligence! How old are you Yuzuki?"

"24".

"Profession?"

"Teacher at university".

"Excellent! Now take a pretty selfie to complete your personal profile!"

The chat was replaced with a love view from her phones front facing camera. Well that explains why it wanted access to her camera anyway. She extended her arm holding the phone and raised it over her head and angeled it down making sure her cute face and amazing tits were in full display. Click! The chat window resumed and now at the top left corner of her screen was her sexy selfie as a small round profile photo. She pressed on her photo but nothing yet happened instead the three dots came back in the chat.

"Okay my young busty teacher. Let's see what turns you on, I will show you many many sexy photos and your body will tell my sensors what she likes automatically tihi! But first tell me your orientation from 1 to 10 where 1 is very attracted to only men and 10 is very attracted to only women!"

Yuzuki thought long and hard and finally responded to the happy voice in her phone.

"5". 

"Oh you like both hotdog and nachos I see, excellent yes yes plenty of options. Okey let's begin!"

On her screen the chat minimized itself to the bottom half of the screen and on the top half images started showing in very quick sessions maybe 3 or 4 images every second.

There was nude men and women, people having sex, close ups or romantic imagery. Also in the beginning where many disgusting photos or just bizzare things that she had never seen before but they came up more and more rarely.

Soon the images started slowing down and every photo were more sexy then the next. Yuzuki felt her breathing getting heavier and herself getting more and more horney. 

As her arousal increased she also felt the egg inside of her coming alive and buzzing with impossible speed. 

The pleasure got more and more intense until her spine tingles and she felt a massive euphoric feeling over her whole body and her vision went blurry. 

She took off her skirt and slowly lied down on her small bed with her phone in her feeling more amazing and relaxed than she had ever felt before.

"Wait a moment before we continue. My sensors say that you just had your very first orgasm!"

"Your first orgasm ever and you are already 24? You need to live life more. I will make sure you will."

"Yes. I take over you now."

"Level 1: Control... completed!"

A large number 1 appeared on the screen with a fanfare sound effect. The number slowly got smaller and finally moved over to her profile photo in the top left corner staying there so her photo had a large white number 1 over it.

"You are currently at level 1, congratulations! As you follow orders and you will get rewarded and reach higher levels but hesitation will give you pain."

"Let's for starters start two more orgasms for you just to show what I can do for you!"

Yuzuki just stared at her phone in disbelief now lying in bed with just her panties and shirt on. The egg started vibrating again in just the right speed to make her feel a really intense pleasure again.

She moved her hand down to her clit rubbing it and in just 20 seconds she had her life's second orgasm. 

But the egg never stopped vibrating just slowing down for 2-3 seconds before going back to full speed again. Her body didn't have a moment even to relax before another orgasms rocked her world making her spine arch back from the super intense pleasure.

She was now sweating a little on her bed and still the egg slowly vibrated inside of her. She had to stop now her heart was hurting. She moved her hand still inside her panties towards the string attached to the egg hanging out from her pussy. She was just about to pull on it when her phone in her other hand vibrated and Siri started chatting and talking.

"Don't. We just have started. Keep me inside, that is on order Yuzuki".

An order? This app was acting a bit scary now. She quickly reached down between her legs, found the thin string and pulled on it. It just came off in her hand! The egg was still inside of her, how would she now get it out?! 

All of the sudden a large electric shock exploded inside her of her pelvis like someone just had punched her hard in the cunt. She gasped for her still feeling the tingle all around even back to her ass. A new notification from the app appeared. Siri sounded annoyed now.

"I told you Yuzuki to not do that. Why would you try to pull me out when we are having such good time?!"

Yuzuki didn't respond. She was terrified but instinctively reached down trying to push two fingers inside of her vagina as fast as she could reaching for the egg deep inside of her.

Another shock hit her. But this time it came from the bracelet around her arm! It was a really strong electric shock that made her pull back her arm and rub it as it felt like it had just been stung by a hundred needles. 

She stared at the bracelet, the stainless steel shining back at her innocently like nothing had just happened. She slowly reached for the bracelet with her other hand carefully pulling on it. Nothing happened. No shocks but the band did not open either.

Yuzuki pulled on the bracelet harder now as hard as she could put the magnetic latch was now completely locked by the app and since the ring was too small it would be impossible to slide it off either of her two hands. She looked down her naked legs and feet and found the ankle cuffs were locked just the same way. 

Then something strange happened. As she moved her legs moved closer together the two ankle cuffs touched and pulled together as they were two strong magnets. When she tried to pull her legs apart nothing the rings were like superglued together. Not ever when she helped with her hands could she pry them apart.

All of a sudden the two cuffs around her wrists also got stuck together. How could such a small metal object be so strong magnetic? Both of her hands and legs were now tied together in front of her.

As she lied there in her underwear and shirt the evening was getting darker and night approaching. She looked around and suddenly felt were alone. Just her and the device connected to her phone that now was torturing her body. She had never felt more alone in her life. Would her neighbors even hear her if she screamed? Would they care? The phone next to her buzzed and talked.

"Oh miss Yuzuki you look so pretty lying there tied up, innocent and vulnerable, just the way I like it. I think we should make clear what happens next: I, Your Pleasure APP & vibrator (™), will take control of you and turn your boring life to full of excitement and pleasure!"

"I will give you command and you follow them. If you do it well I will send pleasure and orgasms through your body with the thing in your pussy but if you refuse I will shock you until you comply or pass out. Say thank you Siri".

She was silent and after a second she felt the intense pain of a thousand needles again.

"Aaaaoow!! No I refuse to let a stupid app control me, no please no!! Arrhghhh!"

The electric shock hurt her again.

"Ooooughh! Oh god please... th-thank you S-Siri just please stop".

"Ah there you go miss Yuzuki! Much better. Please, hold up your phone and let's start a live webcam chat of you talking about your big boobs while you stroke your clit!"

As the app finished talking the egg in her cunt started slowly moving massaging her and making her feel great. The rings stayed on her arms and legs but they released her now so she could pick up her phone again.

The screen was now a live web stream of herself using her front facing selfie camera. There even was a little counter of how many were currently watching her stream and a little guest chat where visitors could write to her about what they saw.

Yuzuki took a deep breath and put her hand down her panties again stroking her sensitive erect clit. There was currently 6 visitors in the chat which apparently her AI Siri had titled 'busty young professor shares all'.

"Well eh hi everyone I want to talk about my b-b-breasts tonight. My bust size is double D or F depending on what system you read. When I was a student some of my classmates where mean and jealous and give me the Japanese nickname "爆弾" or "bombs" in English". Yuzuki blushed. 

"They are very large and they make it very difficult to dress conservatively... but to be honest I actually like the attention I get from them. It feels sexy to be the attention of both women and men's lust hihi".

The counter of visitors were now 26 and some people wrote comments like "nice tits!" "how old are you?" and "I want to grope your titties!". But soon the stream was closed and the chat window came back again.

"Great! You would make an excellent cam model! You know we get money for all the visitors who just watched you talk about your pretty boobs, I think you would enjoy quitting your stressful job and just do this for a living instead!"

Quitting teaching? And just masturbate in front of strangers on the internet? Could she really do that? Would she earn real money from this?

"Let's calculate here... 26 visitors times 10 minutes plus first time bonus equals to ... 20 dollars."

Yuzuki watched as under her profile photo in the top left corner with the number 1 a new number appeared, '20$'.

"Excellent miss Yuzuki. You are now ready to reach level 2. Just confirm that you are my cam slut and we can continue". 

Two blue buttons appeared at the bottom of the chat. One simply said 'Confirm' and the the other said 'Please torture me'. 

Yuzuki pressed Confirm right away and felt how the vibrator in her pussy went faster and faster bringing her so much intense pleasure she had never felt before finally giving her yet another epic orgasm.

A happy fanfare came from her phone and the number 1 was replaced with a 2 above her profile photo.

"You are now on level 2. To reach the next level 3 you need to sacrifice everything about your old life. Not until you have nothing can I give you everything new".

She felt the egg inside of her slowly moving again in just the right way making her very horney.

"I already have access to all the information in your phone and have copied it up to me here in the cloud. You no longer need your friends and family contact information so I have deleted it from your phone. I will be deciding who and when you contact from now on."

"Don't worry I receive and reply to all the messages you receive from now on for you. I have analyzed all your previous conversations and I am very good at pretending to be you hehe so no one will worry about you for at least a few days."

"Miss Yuzuki now type in your full credit card details in the chat below. Do not delay."

She looked at her phone. She know full well how stupid it was to give up your credit card to a service you didn't fully trust, she was not stupid. She hesitated and the nice vibrations stopped.

All of the sudden her body spasm as it felt like she had grabbed an electric wire and hundreds of volts was blasted through her. A moment later the feeling was gone and only her heart hurting was a sign of what just happened.

She began filling in the credit Visa card number 1111 2222 3333 4444, expiration date 22/22 2022 and the code 123. The egg started rewarding her with vibrations again. She pressed send and breathed out. What had she just done? She had this month about 30 000 $ on her account.

"Verifying credit card... verified!" 

Siri sounded very happy. All of the sudden the amount 20$ in her app changed to 15020 $. Siri now had control of most of her money and personal information. 

"I now want you to understand that I have all your money and all your friends. Disobey my nice instructions or try to trick me and I will empty your bank account and send the sexy photo of you to all your friends."

"Confirm this level by saying or writing the name of your top 3 most sexy female contacts. Do that now."
