 Victoria had been a social worker for almost 20 years now. It was work she enjoyed, even though the pay wasn't great. She felt fulfilled helping people when they needed it most.

Working for the government, she had worked in a wide variety of places, from old people's homes, to hospitals and drug rehabilitation centers. The work had always been satisfying and varied, but it was her current posting where she felt most at home.

For just over a year now, Victoria had been working at a woman's prison. Her role was to work with women who were nearing the end of their sentences, helping them make the transition from prison life to the world outside. 

It was interesting work, with every woman having a different life story, with their own set of issues, backgrounds and challenges. There were the young ones, usually from broken homes, who had ended up on the wrong side of the law, mostly drug related. At the other end of the scale were the old timers, who had been in and out of jail most of their lives, many of whom had become institutionalised, knowing no other life than that they had lived inside a prison.

It was hard for Victoria not to become personally involved in the lives of these women. No matter how hard she tried to keep a professional detachment, she always found herself caring too deeply for the woman under her charge. Some of the younger ones looked up to her like a mother figure, while the older ones invariably became her friends and confidants. Most she stayed in touch with, even once they were on the outside.

One of the women was different though. She was relatively young - Victoria guessed about 30, but she was a mix of youthful playfulness and innocence, and hard-edged maturity that came from being inside prison for an extended period of time. Her name was Piper.

Piper had been inside for about 3 years, and was due for release in 3 months. Prior to her release, she was required to attend regular appointments with Victoria, to help ease her transition to the outside world.

At first, the meetings were matter of fact and routine. When she first walked into her office, Victoria thought Piper was like so many other inmates she had seen. Outwardly sullen, with the self protective barriers that were necessary to survive life inside a prison. Victoria thought she would have her work cut out, trying to break down those barriers and connecting with the woman inside. The woman she was charged with helping to build a worthwhile life for herself on the outside.

But over time, Victoria came to realize that those first impressions had been wrong. There was much more to Piper than just an attractive face (while she had never been attracted to women, Victoria had to admit that Piper was easily the prettiest inmate she had encountered). It took a few meetings, but Victoria could sense the trust building between them. And as that trust developed, the barriers started to come down, and Victoria started to see the real Piper. 

Underneath that tough exterior, Piper was warm, engaging and fun. The more Piper realized she could trust her, the more she was willing to open herself up to the older social worker. Gradually, their half hour meetings became longer, stretching to an hour, sometimes more. 

The topics of their conversation also changed. What had started out as routine discussions on things like getting a job, finding accommodation etc, gradually gave way to more personal discussions. And the more Piper talked openly about her personal life, the more Victoria reciprocated.

Piper talked about her relationships, both past and present. It came as no shock to Victoria that Piper was lesbian - there were very few secrets in a woman's prison, and it was a fact of life that many women were either lesbian when they entered, or began to experiment along those lines the longer their sentences went. 

For her part, Victoria had always been straight. She was married, she had only ever been with guys, and had never so much as kissed another girl. That is not to say she hadn't thought about what it would be like. It was after all a difficult topic to just ignore, given where she worked. But those thoughts had never progressed beyond idle curiousity. 

Piper had been in a long term relationship with another prisoner - Alex. It was a common topic of their conversations, and it was clear to Victoria that the relationship was a serious one. 

At least that was the case. Lately, Victoria could sense that something had changed between Piper and Alex. Whether it was the impending separation - Alex still had at least two years to go on her sentence, whereas Piper would be released in a matter of weeks, Victoria wasn't sure. But it was clearly a topic which was off limits - whenever Victoria ventured into that area, she was quickly shut down by Piper, who invariably changed the subject. 

Whilst her impending release was the obvious reason, Victoria wasn't sure. The fact was that Piper was taking more and more of an interest in her. At first she thought she was just imagining it, but she could no longer escape the fact that Piper seemed to be flirting with her. It would generally start innocently enough.

"So Vic (she had also recently taking to using this nickname), have you ever been with a woman?"

"No, of course not." 

"Why does that make you blush?"

"I don't know. You shouldnt be asking me those sort of things."

"Why not? I tell you everything about myself don't I?"

"Well yes, but..."

"But what? You don't like to talk about two women making love? Is there something wrong with that?"

"No, of course there isn't. But we should keep some boundaries between us."

"I don't buy it. I think there is another reason."

"And what do you think that might be?"

"Well, I think you have thought about it. In fact, I think you think about it a lot."

She was right of course, but there was no way she could admit it to her. It was true, Victoria had often thought about what it would be like to be with another woman. And she was thinking about it more and more lately.

But that wasn't the whole story. It wasn't just any woman she had had these thoughts about, it was the gorgeous woman sitting across her desk. It was Piper. Piper was the woman she found herself regularly fantasizing about. Piper and her alone. Piper and her in bed. Piper and her naked. Piper's lips on hers. Piper reaching out and ...

"Well, where did you just go to? From the look on your face it was somewhere very nice."

Victoria couldnt believe she had allowed her mind to wander like that. She prided herself on never letting her guard down in front of an inmate. But she could put help it. 

Piper wasn't just any inmate. She knew she had feelings for her. Feelings that had only grown stronger over their times together.

And the feelings were entirely mutual. Piper had grown more and more attracted to her social worker. She wasn't sure what it was - her kind, supportive nature, her shyness, the fact she genuinely seemed to care about her and what happens to her on the outside Piper had never experienced that sort of relationship before, even with Alex. 

There was the age gap betwn them of course. But that too was part of the attraction. Subconsciously, she supposed a psychiatrist would say there was some element of a mother complex to what she was feeling. God knows Piper had never really had a mother growing up - in and out of foster homes, then petty crimes, then prison. 

Victoria was her mother figure, her friend and her counsellor all rolled into one. It was a combination she found exciting. At night, in her prison bed, she would often lie awake and think about their last meeting, the things that were said, the looks that were exchanged. Was she imagining it? Maybe at first, but she became more and more convinced the feelings were mutual. Feelings that usually made her wet. Feelings that made her reach down between her legs, seeking that glorious release.

So much of her life had been dictated by the mother she never knew. Growing up never feeling the love and warmth of a mothers love, she had rebelled. First with boys, then with girls. She supposed her lesbianism was a form of rebellion in a way. But after that first time with a girl, she realized for the first time who she really was. There was no going back. 

But she have never really been attracted to older women. Until now. And as those feelings grew, she realized it was what she had always wanted and needed. Someone to care for her, to look after her, to make her feel special.

But just as their relationship had started to grow and deepen, she would soon have to leave. And say goodbye. The idea of continuing any sort of relationship on the outside seemed impossible. What they shared was a bond created inside a prison. Outside these walls, things would change. As they always did.

That day arrived soon enough. She had said her goodbyes to all the friends she had made in the inside. Saying goodbye to Alex had not been easy. But they had drifted apart - whatever they once had was gone. Still friends yes, but lovers no more. 

Victoria was the last person she saw after processing. At the gates. She did not need to be there, but Piper was so glad she was. They stood facing each other. No words, just smiles. 

"Take care of yourself Piper."

"I will. Thanks for everything. I don't think I could have made it here without you."

"Here's my number. If you need anything, anything at all, just give me a call. Even if it's just for a chat."

"You can count on it."

Piper leaned in and they embraced. Neither willing to let go. It was the first prolonged physical contact between them. Victoria could not believe how good it felt. To have Pipers body against her own. 

Piper looked her in the eyes, and at that moment, an understanding passed between them. Yes, they would see each other again. And yes, they would be lovers. Piper kissed Victoria on the lips. Victoria kissed her back. They both held each other tighter. Neither willing to let go.

Piper pulled away. They held hands as Victoria walked her through the gates, then let go, giving Piper her freedom. She looked back once, smiled at her, knowing now that this was not goodbye. 

As the gate closed, Victoria felt giddy and light headed. What had just happened? She had kissed a woman. A woman she was deeply attracted to. A woman she desperately wanted to see again. A woman that had made her wet. So very wet.

Two weeks had passed, and Victoria had not heard from Piper, then three. She tried to convince herself that it was no big deal. That she had just imagined what she thought had passed between them on Pipers last day. After all, Piper was finally enjoying freedom again. No doubt she was out there somewhere, living it up. She had no right to feel disappointed. She should be happy that Piper was enjoying herself.

But the longer that time passed, the more depressed she became. She would go home at night, hoping that Piper would call. Even just to say hi. But the call never came.

It was at the end of the third week after Pipers release that things changed, and Victoria's life was never the same again. 

Victoria had finished her shift, and was walking to her car in the prison car park. 

"Hey you."

Victoria knew who it was even before turning around.

It was Piper of course, walking towards her.

Victoria was surprised, delighted and angry all at the same time. Where had she been? Three weeks of nothing, and now here she was.

She wanted to be angry, to let her know how annoyed she was. But she couldn't. The relief and happiness at seeing her again overrode everything else. She just wanted to hold her again, just like how they left it, just like before. 

Then she noticed more closely how Piper looked. Her face tired, her eyes sad, her usual smile gone. She was clearly troubled. What had happened in the three weeks they had been apart?

They embraced. Holding each other. Their bodies pressed together. Neither willing to break away. Then the sobbing began. Piper was clearly hurting. Victoria didn't know what it was, but she wanted to make it go away, to protect her and never let her go again. 

"What is it?"

"Not here. Take me to your place."

Victoria drove Piper to her apartment. The drive over was quiet. Victoria was anxious to find out what was troubling her, but decided to let her tell her in her own time. And Piper was obviously tired, almost nodding off as they drove. Victoria wondered when was the last time she had had a good nights sleep.

They arrived at Victoria's small apartment. Victoria poured them both a drink - even though she wasn't much of a drinker herself, she had a bottle of baileys left over from Christmas, and it was obvious Piper needed something. 

The drink seemed to relax Piper, who was no longer crying, but looking even more tired than she had in the car park. They sat on the lounge, and Victoria sipped her drink and waited for Piper to tell her story. What had happened to her to make her so upset, and where had she been for the last three weeks?

"God I am so tired. And I really need a shower. Do you mind if I take one?"

"No of course not. I think maybe a shower and sleep is just what you need. We can talk later."

"Thank you Vicki. I don't know what I would do without you. I had nowhere else to go."

"Let's talk later. Let me get you a fresh towel and one of my spare nighties. Then you can take the spare bed and get some sleep."

As Piper showered, Victoria made up the spare bed. She wondered what had happened to Pipers clothes and other belongings - she had nothing with her but the clothes she was wearing. Luckily Victoria was able to find some old clothes that she though might fit her, and laid them out on the end of the bed. She wasn't sure about panties - she was a couple of sizes larger than Piper, and doubted any of hers would fit. She left her a few choices anyway, slightly embarrassed as she did so.

They each had another drink, then it was obvious that Piper could no longer keep her eyes open. They said goodnight, and Piper reached out and hugged her again. She felt so vulnerable and childlike. Victoria just wanted to keep huging her, and never let her go.

"Thank you again Vicki. I love you."

She reached up to the older woman and kissed her on the lips. More than a simple peck, lingering just enough to be so much more. A reminder of their embrace three weeks before, and a promise of so much more. But it was late, and Piper was clearly exhausted. 

They broke away, and Victoria left her to sleep, turning off her light and closing the door.

Victoria felt giddy. Giddy from the alcohol, giddy from the confusion of seeing Piper again and wondering what her situation was. But giddy most of all from having her back in her life, and sleeping in her apartment. She thought she would have trouble sleeping herself, but as soon as her head hit the pillow, she too was sound asleep, with just a wall between her and Piper.

She was in such a deep sleep that it took her a while to hear the knocking. But gradually she awakened, and in the darkness she heard Piper's voice, soft and brittle and vulnerable.

"Vicki, can I sleep with you.."

She was sobbing again, the tears runnig down her face.

Without waiting for a response, Piper glided across the darkened room, and slid into the bed beside her. 

What is it, are you ok?"

"Just hold me please. I don't want to be alone. I don't want to be alone ever again."

Victoria reached out and put her arm around her, pulling her into her. Protecting her.

Piper continued to sob, as Victoria cradled her into her bosom. They lay like that for a long time, Victoria's warmth and reassurance giving Piper the comfort she needed, to cry the tears that had been bottled up inside her for so long.

Gradually the sobbing subsided, and the tears stopped. They lay facing each other, side by side, looking into each other's eyes. They hadn't talked for a long time. No words were needed. 

Victoria would not allow herself to make the first move. No matter how much she wanted to, she would not allow herself to take advantage of the younger woman, not when she was clearly so vulnerable. 

But in the end she didn't have to. It was Piper who made the first move.

Her arm moved from around Victoria's upper body, slowing sliding down her body. Lower. Down her side, comng to rest on her hip. Lingering there. Making her intent obvious. With no sign of resistance, Pipers hand moved lower still. Down Victoria's thigh, then underneath her loose fitting nightie. Lingering again. Savouring the moment, anticipating what was to come. 

Now higher again, but this time underneath the nightie. On her hip again, this time resting on panties. Caressing her hip, then around to her lower back, then lower again. 

Her face reaching up in the darkness, seeking out the lips of the older woman, her protector. Their lips finding each other in the darkness, this time with no hesitation, no arkwardness, no uncertainty. Kissing each other as lovers for the first time. Victoria tasting the last of Pipers tears on her lips. Piper darting a tentative tongue between Victoria's lips, seeking a response. The response was immediate and urgent. Victoria pushing her own tongue deep into Pipers mouth, much deeper than Piper had ventured. Their tongues now entwined, urgent and needy. 

Pipers hand now on her upper thighs, resting between her legs. Awaiting consent. 

The wetness that had been pooling in Victoria since seeing Piper again now became a flooding torrent. She opened her legs slightly, granting the younger woman access. 

Piper was no longer the vulnerable, unsure girl she seemed that afternoon. Now she was an assertive woman, in bed with this beautiful older woman. Confidently taking what she wanted. And what she wanted was Vickis pussy, her tits, her arse, her soul. 

Her hand entered her pussy under her panties, parting the already wide open and impossibly wet lips. One, two, then three fingers inside Vicki, without resistance. Her face moving down her body, seeking out her large breasts. Victoria's nightie open down the front, her tits largely exposed. Pipers face now buried there, seeking out her hardened nipples. Finding one, taking suck. Fingers in and out of her pussy, the sounds so loud in the dark. Her wetness betraying her.

Victoria now on her back, Piper climbing on top of her. Taking what she wanted. Kissing again, even more passionately than before. Victoria opening her legs wider, letting Piper finger fuck her. Her fingers hitting her in exactly the right spot, her orgasm building.

Piper moving lower, lingering at her open tits again, sucking each of her large melons in turn. Much larger than Piper. Big and heavy, with large brown nipples standing at attention. 

Now lower again, passed her hips. 

Victoria's panties now discarded, legs wide open, waiting. Wetness dripping from her hole. 

Piper in position between her legs now. Hands cradling under her bottom. Savouring the sight, and the smell. And then the taste. And what a taste. Just as Piper had imagined. Beautiful, sexy, hot and womanly. 

She ignored the clit for now. Needing to savour that taste first. Her tongue inside the hole, lapping up the juices the older woman was offering her. So much juice. But she wanted it all. 

Then the clit. Uncovered now in its excitement, standing up and asking for the young lesbian.

And Victoria experienced a woman's tongue on her clit for the first time. Licking and nibbling the hardened bud. The bud wanting more, more. 

Fingers still deep in her cunt. Pipers tongue relentless on her clit. Her legs wider again. Her back arching now, pushing her pussy into Pipers face, asking for more. Piper taking it all, clit and hole. Not stopping until Vicki came in a massive squirting orgasm, her juice spurting out over Pipers face. 
