 A few weeks had passed since the camping trip. The camping trip where Victoria had experienced her first ever threesome. A threesome with two other women.

Not for the first time, Victoria found herself pondering how much her life had changed in just a short period of time. 

It was only a few months ago that Victoria was a seemingly happily married straight woman. A woman who had always considered herself straight, having never even contemplated sex with another woman, let alone actually gone through with the act. A woman who had only ever been in a handful of hetero relationships in her life, and never with more than one partner at a time. 

She was still married, that part was true. But everything else had changed. 

She had met an exciting young woman named Ruby, who had awakened desires in her she never realised she had. After an impulsive act of sexual desire the first time they had met, her relationship with Ruby had grown deeper and more meaningful. 

At least that is how Victoria felt, and she assumed Ruby felt the same way. 

That was until Ruby had introduced her to Franky, an old flame. 

Franky was athletic, dark and hot. Victoria thought she was the hottest woman she had ever seen. But that attraction was purely physical - a different type of attraction to what she felt for Ruby. Not deep or personal, not emotional, but still very hot.  

They had gone away together - Victoria, Ruby and Franky. Camping in the mountains. And they had made love together. Ruby and Franky sharing her, taking turns.

Victoria still wasn't sure how she felt about that. Yes, the sex had been unbelievable. She had been brought to multiple orgasms by both women. The sheer sexual freedom and sense of liberation had awakened a side of her she didn't know existed. She had actually been the centre of attention in a lesbian threesome - she still couldn't believe it had actually happened.

But her feelings were mixed. Maybe it was her upbringing, the way she had been brought up to believe strictly in monogamous, married, heterosexual relationships. This was something so completely against all she had known, all she had thought was proper and right. 

She kept telling herself there was something very wrong with what she was doing. But why then did it feel so exhilarating. So exciting. So right.

That was all a part of it. The part she was willing to contemplate and admit. But there was more to her feelings of doubt than that.

The rest of it was much more complicated. She thought she was falling in love with Ruby. She had never met anyone so exciting yet so warm and tender. Someone who seemed to know almost immediately everything about her, who she was, what she thought, how to make her laugh, make her cry, make her smile, make her wet.

But then there was Franky. Ruby's old girlfriend. The old girlfriend Ruby had willingly shared their bed with. 

Victoria had gone over that night a million times since then. It had all seemed so natural at the time. It had just happened. God knows she had been a willing participant. She had been so wet that night, lying in bed between the two woman, feeling first Ruby, then unbelievably, Franky, take turns fingering and licking her to orgasm.

No, it wasn't the sex that was the issue. It was the seeming ease with which Ruby was able to "let her go". To let someone else make love to her. 

She knew that the lesbian lifestyle was different. From the little she had learnt so far, there seemed to be a much freer attitude towards sex, certainly compared to what Victoria had experienced.

Ruby would often entertain her with tales of the various relationships amongst her wide circle of friends. It seemed to Victoria that just about everyone Ruby mentioned or pointed out to her had been with everyone else at some point or other. 

But that was not universally true of course. Some of the lesbian friends that Ruby had introduced her too had been in serious, long term relationships. But in general, it seemed to Victoria that there was a much freer and less restrictive attitude to sex amongst the lesbian community than she had encountered elsewhere.

So was the threesome with Franky just "part of the territory"? A physical act of pleasure that Ruby had used to make their relationship stronger? More exciting?

Perhaps, but increasingly Victoria thought there was more to it. 

She couldn't shake the thought that Ruby still had feelings for Franky, and those feelings had simply come to the surface that night the three of them had shared a bed together.

And so what if that was the case? Ruby and Franky had once been long term lovers. Of course they would still have strong feelings for each other. Was that anything to get upset about? 

It wasn't just the weekend away. There were other little signs that Ruby and Franky still had feelings for each other that weren't just physical.

Once a week, Victoria would tell her husband she was going out for drinks and dinner with "friends." This was largely true, even if she wasn't entirely truthful about what type of friends these were.

Ruby had invited her into her lesbian community, who got together every Friday night at a local bar. Over the weeks, Victoria had become more and more an accepted part of that small community, to the point where most of the regulars at the bar knew her by name. 

There was Julia, the tall, skinny, "arty" brunette who seemed to have a different girlfriend every week. Jo, who was decidedly on the boyish side, but that never seemed to stop her from attracting the most gorgeous women for one night stands. 

Then there was Maxine and Trish, the young hip couple who were infatuated with each other and seemed determined to display it at ever opportunity. And of course the devoted married couple, Linda and Sue, who had been together for years, and who individually you wouldn't pick as lesbian in a million years. 

Together with herself, Ruby and of course Franky, that was the core group. The other distinct group that usually frequented the bar on Friday nights were "the bikies" - lesbians who all rode Harleys and dressed in leathers. The two groups tended not to mix too much, and Victoria only knew one or two of the bikers by name, including their apparent "leader" Samantha, a tall butch looking blonde. 

This had become Victoria's second life. Weekly drinks with "the girls" and the occasional weekend away. Most of the girls knew that Victoria was still "in transition" as it were, which, as it turned out, was not uncommon for many new faces in the community. Victoria was surprised when Ruby pointed out the women who had once been involved in heterosexual relationships, just like her.

So far, she didn't think her husband had become suspicious, but knew that eventually she would have to choose between her old and new lives. She dreaded that day when it came. 

For now, she was just enjoying the sense of belonging she felt as part of the Lesbian community. All the girls had come to know Victoria as Ruby's "partner", and Victoria always felt a warm buzz when Ruby would introduce her to someone new, always with her arm around her or holding her hand, just so they knew they were an item. 

"Ruby and Victoria" quickly became an accepted couple, with the silent understanding that Victoria was off-limits to anybody else that may have had ideas about making a move on her. Victoria liked that feeling of acceptance and protection. 

Lately though, it seemed to Victoria that Ruby was spending more and more time with Franky at their Friday drinks. 

Generally, the evenings would start out with everyone sitting together as a large group, which then gradually broke up into smaller groups as the evening wore on. Increasingly, Victoria noticed that the smaller group she and Ruby ended up in also included Franky. 

Not that Victoria didn't like spending time with Franky. Quite the opposite. But she thought of herself as Ruby's, and felt pangs of jealousy whenever Ruby and Franky would share stories about the "old days", usually with a sly wink or laugh about some in joke that she wasn't a part of. It hurt, but she never let on to Ruby, who seemed oblivious to any inadvertent pain she may have caused.

Not for the first time, Victoria wondered what Ruby had seen in her. Compared to Franky, she was a relatively plain, middle aged woman. Sure, her breasts were on the larger size, but so was her bottom. She had come to realise the special attraction of supposedly straight women in the lesbian community, but surely there was more to her relationship with Ruby than that? 

Ruby would always reassure her that she was special and the only person she wanted to be with, but still her doubts remained. Was she really exciting and sexy enough to keep Ruby? Especially with Franky now seemingly more and more in the picture.

These were the thoughts that occupied her mind. And there was that other thing as well. The one thing that played on her mind more and more. 

She hadn't yet "gone all the way". She hadn't yet tasted pussy.

She knew Ruby was aching for it, even though she never came out and said so directly. But it was there nonetheless. This silent unspoken barrier between them.

So why hadn't she gone down on Ruby yet? The physical attraction was certainly there. She thought Ruby was one of the hottest women she had ever come across. 

Deep down, she guessed it was the last shred of her old life. Her married, straight wife life. Once she took this last step, there was no going back. She would have to accept what she had become. No longer straight.

The act itself had once seemed completely out of the question. She could never lick another woman's pussy. Never would she have even entertained the thought of tasting another woman. To do so meant she was truly a lesbian. A lover of women. But here she was, thinking about it more and more. Increasingly, thoughts that had once been "disgusting" now made her wet. 

She wanted Ruby to be the first. Doing it to Ruby seemed right. It would seal what they had together. It would help her finally, and completely, win over Ruby.

She had decided to do it, and when. 

There was a fancy dress party coming up - a big party at a large local mansion that the lesbian biker group had rented for the night. 

Everyone was looking forward to it and it quickly became the sole topic of conversation at their weekly drinks. Who was going, what they planned to wear, who was likely to "get with" who. Ruby had invited Victoria and she had accepted. 

For Victoria, the evening took on extra significance. This would be the night she would go "all the way". She would take that final step and give Ruby the pleasure she had given her so many times since they had first met. 

The closer the night came, the more Victoria found herself looking forward to it. She only hoped she didn't embarrass herself too much "doing the deed". She wanted it to be perfect. She wanted to make Ruby happy more than anything. 

The obvious chemistry between Ruby and Franky still played on her mind. No matter how often Ruby tried to reassure her that it was all in the past, she still had her doubts. 

She wanted Ruby to see she wasn't just some dour housewife. She wanted Ruby to see that she could also be hot and exciting - maybe not as hot and exciting as Franky (and really, who could be) but at least someone who could bring a little spark of her own to their relationship. 

Victoria decided to go all out and book a hotel room for the night. She planned to take Ruby back there after the party, where she would pleasure her for the first time. 

It would also give her a place to get ready before the party, away from her husband, telling him she would be staying at a girlfriends place that night.

Finally the night arrived.

She left work as soon as she could and hurried to the hotel, bringing with her the clothes she planned to wear for the evening. 

She had deliberately not told Ruby what her costume would be. No matter how often Ruby had tried to prise the information from her. 

"You will just have to find out on the night" was her basic response. Ruby pretended to be annoyed, but Victoria sensed that she was secretly a little excited about her partners little game.

Victoria had decided on her costume early on. In keeping with her "coming out" as it were, she had decided she would go as "college cheer girl slut". She couldn't think of a theme that the old Victoria would be less likely to choose. So for the new Victoria, it would be perfect.

Once in her hotel room, Victoria decided first things first. She took a flavoured alcoholic drink from the mini-bar and drank it, perhaps a little too quickly.

It did the trick though, settling her nerves and getting her in the right frame of mind to start her "transformation". 

First the skirt. It was the shortest she had ever worn. Not as short as many she had seen, but as short as she was willing to go. 

Underneath, a thong (another first - she had never worn one before). 

Then the top. A white blouse with buttons down the front and a collar, like a school girl might wear at a posh college. She debated whether or not to wear a bra and ultimately decided not to. In for a penny she thought. She undid the top button so that just a glimpse of her uncovered breasts were on show. 

She had to admit putting her top on over her bare breasts started a tingle between her legs. Looking at herself in the mirror, she could make out the outline of her plump breasts, with the nipples clearly discernible through the material.

Some pigtails in her hair and a pair of gym shoes completed the outfit. 

One final look in the mirror, and she had to admit she had pulled off the look pretty well. She had never worn anything like this, certainly not in public. Despite some last minute nerves, she put on a large overcoat and went down to the hotel lobby and waited for her uber to arrive. 

When she arrived the party was already in full swing. She took off her overcoat and handed it to the girl looking after the cloak room in the huge entry foyer. The appreciative look she got from the young girl helped settle her nerves about what she was wearing.

She went through a large wooden door, and her senses were immediately bombarded by an amazing scene of colour, music and people. 

The room was huge, with a long bar serving drinks down one side. Towards the back, she could see a dimly lit dance-floor, which was already crowded, as people danced to the throbbing music. 

The rest of the space was given over to a combination of tables occupied by larger groups and small more intimate spaces where couples sat on lounges and cushions. At one end of the bar, a huge winding staircase led upstairs, and this too was crowded with people coming, going or just sitting on the stairs, talking and drinking.

The other thing that struck her was that everyone in that room was a woman. Not even the "barmen" were male.

Maybe she was just feeling self conscious about what she was wearing, but she thought she noticed a number of sets of eyes turn in her direction as she entered.

There were so many faces there she had never seen before - the local lesbian community was obviously far bigger than she thought!

She looked for Ruby, but couldn't see her anywhere. 

She noticed a few of the regulars from their weekly drinks, including Julia, Sue and Linda who were all seated together at a table in a corner. She also spotted Samantha with her group of biker friends, who were acting as both hosts and bouncers for the evening.

No sign of Ruby though.

Her first instinct was to join the group she knew. Still feeling self conscious, there seemed to be safety in numbers. But she told herself that that is what the old Victoria would do. Tonight was all about the new Victoria.

Summoning all her strength, she instead turned and walked across the room, taking a seat at the end of the bar. She sensed that many sets of eyes had followed her, and noticed Samantha whisper something in the ear of one of her biker friends as they looked in her direction.

Time for another drink while she scanned the crowd for Ruby. 

She was half way through her drink when she felt her phone vibrate. It was a text from Ruby - "sorry babe, something has come up - will get there as soon as I can".

She texted back "Thats ok - hope nothing wrong."

The text back made her heart sink. "All good - just with Franky. Be there soon."

She couldn't believe it. Ruby was with Franky. Why? What could possibly have "come up" that made spending time with Franky instead of her more important? On this of all nights!

She felt alone and stupid. How could she ever hope to truly win Ruby over Franky? No matter how much of a slut she dressed up as. 

Of course Ruby would rather be with Franky. Who wouldn't? She didn't even really blame her. She just blamed herself for being stupid enough to think otherwise.

What was she doing here anyway? She just wanted to leave and go back to the hotel room, have another drink, a good cry and sleep away her sorrows.

But as she was getting up to leave, Samantha walked up and put a hand on her shoulder.

"I thought that was you when you walked in, but wasn't sure. Victoria isn't it? Ruby's friend?"

"Yes, and you're Samantha right? I've seen you at Friday drinks a couple of times."

"Yep, that's me. But wow, look at you. What a getup. You look amazing."

"Thanks, but I'm just leaving."

"What? You just got here. Sit back down so I can at least buy you a drink."

What harm could one more drink do? Drink here or drink back in her hotel room alone? May as well have another one here.

"Ok, but just the one."

"That's the spirit."

As their drinks arrived, Victoria took in Samantha for the first time. She had been so pre-occupied in her own thoughts that she hadn't really noticed the woman now sitting on a stool beside her. 

She had to admit that Samantha looked amazing. Her height was of course the first thing anyone ever noticed about her - Victoria guessed she was about six feet. Her hair was blonde, but cut very short, just like how a man would wear it. On her though, it looked somehow feminine.

The other standout feature of Samatha were her breasts, which were large and full. These were accentuated by the costume she was wearing that night - Supergirl. The combination of the figure hugging costume and the makeup she was wearing gave her a decidedly feminine look, which was completely at odds with the "butch" lesbian vibe she usually gave off.

They talked for what seemed like forever. It was the alcohol no doubt, but she soon found herself pouring her heart out to Samantha. 

Samantha turned out to be a great listener - taking a real interest in everything Victoria had to say (no matter how silly it all sounded to Victoria as the words spilled from her own mouth) and responding with just the right words of comfort and reassurance. 

She confided in her the insecurity she felt about her relationship with Ruby, in particular the obvious attraction that still existed between Ruby and Franky. How silly she now felt as a "straight" woman who had been picked up and seemingly discarded by another woman. 

Samantha reassured her that she was a gorgeous woman that any other woman would be proud to call her own. The longer they sat there talking, the more Victoria grew to like Samantha. 

All the time she kept stealing glances at the door, hoping to see Ruby enter. Or picking up her phone and looking for a text message - nothing.

She lost track of how many drinks she had had. Then realised she hadn't bought any of her own - Samantha had been picking up the tab.

How many had she had? She had just kept talking, not really noticing that Samantha had kept ordering new drinks as each glass was finished. 

