 Vicki lives a few doors down the street from me. We've known each other pretty much all of our lives, although we were never really close friends until we began to go clubbing together. At eighteen we both had a highly developed sense of adventure, especially when it came to the opposite sex, but we each still needed another girl as mutual support, especially as men always seemed to hunt in pairs. So she and I took to going around together.

On this particular day I called on Vicki to see if she wanted to go into town that evening, her current boyfriend being away on a three month training course with the army and with me being, as they say, between relationships. But she wasn't in the mood she said, though it soon became clear that she had an altogether different motive for not wanting to go out. Her parents were away for the day and that gave her the opportunity to ask me a favour. 

'Will you do something for me, Fliss?' She asked, looking rather hesitant.

Let me explain that my parents lumbered me with the name Felicia, which I don't like, and so I only answer to Fliss.

'What's that?' I asked cautiously, looking at her expression.

'So, you know Todd's away for a while.' She began. I nodded. 'I want him to have something to remind him of me, well, of the times we've had together, if you know what I mean.' 

She was looking embarrassed now. She paused for a moment and when I didn't oblige by asking, she went on.

'Well, I've been trying to take a vid of me to send to him.' She paused again. 'One of me jilling off.' Another pause. 'But I can't hold the phone still and do it at the same time, and if I wedge it somewhere, it kind of doesn't look right.' A longer pause. 'Will you film me doing it?'

'Are you sure?' I asked in surprise.

'He asked me for a nude photo, but I think this would be better.'

'But what if he shares it around?'

'He won't do that.' She stated with more confidence than I would have felt and she must have seen it in my face. 'Trust me, it won't happen.' 

She handed me her phone.

'Well, so long as you know what you're doing.' 

'I do.' She nodded her assurance. 'Anyway, just thinking of having done it will keep me warm at night.'

'I suppose so.' I answered doubtfully. It wasn't what I was expecting to be doing, but I could see any real reason why not and, anyway, the thought appealed to my naughty side. 

'Good, let's do it.' She was suddenly all excitement and enthusiasm, 'I'm just in the mood.'

I took that to mean she felt turned on by the idea, though I had no idea why. I was still feeling cagey for her. 'So long as you're absolutely sure.' I cautioned her.

She didn't answer; she was already stripping off, her clothes ending in a heap on the floor. By the time I'd got her phone figured out she was sitting on the sofa totally nude and looking up at me expectantly.

'Are you ready?' She asked.

'I guess so.'

'Start filming then.'

I sat on a chair opposite her and did as she asked, framing her face first and then drawing back to show that she was naked. 

'This is for you.' She said to the camera, before slowly opening her legs wide and raising her knees, planting her feet on the sofa to either side of her. She reached down and spread her pussy lips, showing off the pink inside of her slit.

She'd told me what she was intending to do, but somehow I hadn't expected her to be quite that blatant. I must admit I was shaken by it and that I felt uncomfortable gazing at her, but I'd agreed to do it, and so I kept her phone cam pointed between her legs. Pretty quickly I found it was less embarrassing for me to watch the phone screen rather than to look at her directly. 

Vicki seemed to have no similar reservations, her fingers had found their target and she rubbed gently at her button, smiling sexily at the camera as she played.

'I bet you're going to enjoy watching this, aren't you?' She whispered huskily. 

I know she was talking to her boyfriend, but she was looking directly at me through the camera and it was as if I was the person she was talking to. It was rather disconcerting and not a little embarrassing, but I ignored it and carried on filming, watching intently as she put both hands between her legs, using one to spread her pussy lips wide while the other went for her clit. It was intentionally very explicit and so I zoomed in until her wet pussy filled the screen, with her red painted fingernails just coming into view from the top to play with her clit. I hoped Todd would find the sight as sexy as I did.

It must be said that Vicki does look good naked and she had a most gorgeous pussy. She has a quite large clit that stands out prominently from under its hood when she gets turned on, and she was obviously very turned on right then because it was standing to rigid attention. I could see that her vagina was wet and gaping open, looking very inviting between her rather neat labia. I could imagine Todd staring at it and wishing he was deep inside her. Vicki obviously thought so too.

'Looks nice, doesn't it?' She told Todd through me, speaking with a deliberately sexy voice. 'Now watch me enjoying it.'

I glanced momentarily away from the screen. She had closed her eyes and leaned back to rest her head on the sofa, still playing with herself with one hand but with the other now massaging her breast. I looked back at the screen and zoomed out so that the camera could see all of her again, though I wasn't sure if it would pick up her increasingly heavy breathing.

For the next few minutes I just kept the camera on her, watching her fingers beginning to speed up and her hand starting to pull at her nipple. She kept her eyes shut, but her mouth came open for her tongue to flicker out from time to time and lick her dry lips. She was getting more and more excited, and I must admit that it was beginning to get to me too. Suddenly her eyes popped open and she looked straight into the camera.

'Is this turning you on?' 

For a heart stopping moment I really thought she was talking to me. In fact I was so convinced that I tried to come up with a reply, feeling my face go red when my immediate instinct was to answer her with a yes. Luckily before I could speak I realised that she meant Todd, and I just sat there behind the camera covered in confusion.

'I bet you want to do it too, don't you?' She whispered, not making it clear if she meant playing with himself or with her. Whichever she meant she was adding to my turmoil, because I think I would have joined in either way.

She was tugging hard at each nipple in turn now and so I zoomed the camera onto her breasts, anything to stop me staring at her open pussy. But even that did not stop me thinking about how nice she looked. I panned away, gradually moving south without consciously choosing to, taking the picture down over her naval, to where her wrist covered the start of her pubes, and then on to her fingers, strumming harder at herself as she felt her orgasm building, the red of her nails flashing back and forth over her clit. 

'Oh, it's so good, knowing that you will see me coming.' 

She was breathing very heavily now and so I pulled away to include all of her in the frame. I wanted to catch her facial expression when she came; after all, it's what her boyfriend would want to see.

Her orgasm erupted suddenly, almost without warning. It was clear that she was close, but she was rubbing herself hard one minute, her body writhing slowly under her fingers, and the next her legs flew wide, as wide as they could, and she was jerking and shuddering, her fingers no longer rubbing her clit, but slapping at her pussy in a rapid tattoo, quick staccato gasps issuing from her lips in time with her slaps. I'd never heard of anyone doing that before and I stared openly at her in surprise, even when the slaps and her orgasm finally died away and her hand rested limp and motionless over her pubes.

I kept the camera trained on her as she recovered, her chest heaving and her body trembling. She still had her legs raised and parted; still unashamedly displaying herself both to me and to the camera until eventually she motioned for me to put the phone down. But she still made no move to cover herself up.

'You have no idea how good that was.' She told me breathlessly. 'My heart's still pounding like a trip hammer.'

So was mine, especially after what she said next.

'I'm so bloody randy, I'm going to carry on. You don't mind, do you?'

I shook my head wordlessly, wondering vaguely if I could cope with witnessing her masturbating like that again. 'Do you need me to keep filming you?' I asked. 

'No, but it would be nice if you wanted to do it as well.'

That shook me. I'd not expected it, but it sounded very exciting to me in the mood I was in. I sat there dithering; wondering what had made her say it. Had she read my mind, could she see how turned on I was, what was she thinking? I wanted to, I really wanted to, but I was embarrassed at the idea of masturbating with someone else there.

'Come on.' Vicki encouraged me. 'I'll feel self-conscious if you just sit there while I get myself off again. You can sit next to me, and then we won't see each other's bits.' She patted the sofa beside her.

It was the thought of Vicki being disconcerted that persuaded me, along with the fact that we wouldn't be face on to each other. I stood up and rather hesitantly began to undress, dropping my clothes onto the chair I'd just vacated.

'What if your folks come back?' I blurted, suddenly alarmed at the prospect. I'd forgotten all about them until that moment.

'They won't.' She chuckled. 'They're staying to take in a show this evening, so they won't be back until gone midnight.'

Vicki lowered her nearest leg to the floor to make room for me and I sat down alongside her, feeling very self conscious of my nakedness and of what we were doing. She looked at me, smiled a little shyly and reached back between her legs.

'You won't tell anyone what we did, will you?' She asked abruptly. 'They'll only take it the wrong way, especially Todd.'

'No way.' I told her. There was absolutely no chance of that. I'd be far too embarrassed to tell anyone at all, let alone her boyfriend.

'This is between us?' She insisted.

'Absolutely.'

I looked across as my own hand tentatively made its way down to my pussy. I couldn't see her pussy from beside her, but I could see her knuckles move rhythmically over her pubes. We were doing it. We flashed each other a quick conspiratorial smile and then leaned back, our eyes closing.

God, it was exciting, sitting completely undressed next to another naked girl and gently masturbating. It somehow seemed more naughty than sexual, even though we were both totally turned on. I was listening to her noises as I rubbed my clit, hearing her breathing, each exhalation starting with a tiny gasp of arousal, and hearing her rhythmic movements, the sound of skin moving over skin. I could feel her knee pushing against mine as we both tried to open our legs as far as we could. I could feel it was trembling slightly with excitement as it rubbed against my thigh in time with her play. I'd never known anything quite so thrilling and I just sat there, one hand on my pussy and the other massaging my breast. Deep inside I could feel the first signs that I would soon be coming.

Then I felt her move slightly and I opened my eyes automatically. She was adjusting her position, her face turning slightly towards me and wearing a self-conscious smile.

'I like us doing this, don't you?'

She sounded just a little concerned, but her expression turned to a smile of relief when I nodded and gasped out an agreement. Moments later I felt her free hand land on my side, move to find a comfortable position and then give my hip a little squeeze as if of affection. I looked across at her and smiled, finding unexpected pleasure in the feel of her hand against my skin. It added to my excitement to have someone's hand touching me as I got closer to coming.

It didn't take me long. I was so aroused from watching Vicki that my own climax came more quickly than I expected. Knowing that it was going to be a powerful one and knowing how noisy I can be when I come hard, I took my hand from my breast and rammed it into my mouth, wanting to muffle my climax. It helped a little, but I still made all kinds of strangled noises as my orgasm ripped through me. I couldn't keep still, my body jerked and juddered under the force of my finale, my hips lifting clear of the seat. In the distance I heard Vicki's voice complimenting me on my climax, telling me how good it was and how much she liked seeing it. I couldn't answer. Even after it was over and I slumped back into the sofa I was gasping too hard to speak, and so I just looked at her and grinned broadly with pleasure, nodding my agreement with everything she had said.

'Fucking hell, Vicki.' I gasped out as soon as I had the breath. 'That was fucking awesome.'

I had dislodged her hand from my hip as I jerked around, but now she placed it back, carefully and gently letting it rest just below my hip bone. I placed my hand over it and smiled, watching as she began masturbating once more.

'Can you come again?' She asked, looking hopefully into my eyes.

That's not usually a problem, although the second one is sometimes a bit slow to arrive, but I suspected the circumstances would help this time. And anyway, I still felt as randy as hell.

'I think so.' I hedged my bets a little on purpose.

'Keep me company then.' She asked. 'It would be lovely if you were still doing it with me.'

I'll agree with that, I thought. I put my fingers back on my climax sensitized clit and stroked it lightly, not rubbing myself off yet but just gently playing, looking across at Vicki at the same time. And it was lovely, the pair of us sitting side by side and masturbating quietly, both naked, both gazing and smiling at each other, our legs bumping in time to our gentle movements. 

It wasn't long before Vicki began to breathe more heavily again, with little gasps of pleasure. Then she moved, sitting forward to reach further. I knew instinctively what she was doing, and the beautiful wet sounds as her fingers entered her pussy confirmed it.

'You don't mind Fliss, do you?' She gasped, aware of her own noises.

'God, no.' I told her. 'It's turning me on.'

It was too; although I was already as randy as hell, listening to her made me feel even hotter. My fingers were playing with my clit in earnest now. I wanted to come again if I could.

We were still glancing sideways at each other, but instead of a sexy smile her face was now furrowed with concentration and her eyes were shining with pleasure as her second orgasm began to develop.

'Vicki, are you going to come?' I asked her quietly, the prospect sending a little frisson of excitement down my spine.

'Yes.' She replied, her voice already thick with excitement. 'Are you?'

'Not yet.' I shook my head. 'Maybe soon.' 

I was loving what I was doing, but there was no sign yet of my own second climax, although I knew the fact that I was sitting next to another girl, with both of us naked and both of us masturbating, was going to make it happen sooner or later. It still wasn't overtly sexual; I didn't think we fancied each other. It was just plain and simple being naughty. We were doing something we shouldn't, something that would be looked down on if anybody ever knew, and that, more than anything, was what was giving us such a buzz. You know what it's like when you're eighteen; you just can't resist pushing the boundaries.

I thought I was ready for Vicki's climax this time, I'd already moved my leg away a little to give her room, but this time when she came she lifted her leg and draped it over mine to get it as far open as she could. She looked at me, a timid apology in her gaze as she slapped her pussy into orgasm, making the same sharp gasps as before. Putting her leg over mine had pulled mine further apart, but it didn't matter, I'd stopped what I was doing to watch her shuddering with ecstasy beside me. 

'Yes, I know it's a bit odd doing that.' She gasped when it was over. 'But it works for me.'

I knew what she meant. I didn't mind, all I knew was the look and sound of her smacking herself had me fascinated. Not that I wanted to do it myself.

'I don't mind.' I told her, meaning it.

'Thanks.' She replied. 'But don't stop. Finish yourself.'

I started stroking myself again, feeling a little self-conscious at first now she had finished, but too turned on to really care. I turned my face towards her, watching her watching me. She was making no attempt to hide her gaze, she simply stared openly at me, her eyes going from my face to my pussy, with her leg still hung over mine. I suppose I should have been put off by this unconcealed interest, but instead I found myself becoming even more excited by it. After a short while when she unhooked her leg and turned half on her side facing me I felt surprisingly pleased.

'Fliss, you know you're beautiful, don't you?' She said in a half whisper.

'Thank you, so are you.' 

As a matter of fact I think she is better looking than me, her body is slimmer, her curves firmer, and her hair a more definite shade of rich brown than my mousy colour. But I still appreciated the compliment enough to go red, especially as I wasn't sure if she meant what I looked like or what I was doing. What happened next didn't make it any clearer.

She stared at me, watching me still playing with both my pussy and my breast until finally she reached out very tentatively and put her hand over my other breast. For a moment or two she just rested it there and looked into my eyes, waiting for my reaction. I wasn't about to stop her, I was far too turned on to object. I just smiled at her as she softly and uncertainly began to squeeze my breast. I think she had been getting up the courage for a while, because as soon as she saw I wasn't about to complain she squeezed it much more firmly and confidently. It felt lovely and so exciting it made my heart beat even faster. I didn't really look on it as a lesbian approach, though I suppose that strictly speaking it was. I just thought that she was helping me to masturbate and I loved it for that. I moaned softly in encouragement and closed my eyes, letting her do as she wished.

We stayed like that for some minutes, with me sprawled on the sofa with my legs wide apart and two fingers playing with my clit and with both of us massaging my breasts. But then suddenly her hand lifted from my breast.

My eyes opened in confusion, I had been enjoying her touch and I wondered what had made her want to stop. She looked back at me and smiled knowingly, and then, before I could say anything, her hand clamped around my wrist and lifted my hand away from my pussy. I frowned at her in surprise and displeasure. She smiled back once more and then she placed her own hand firmly over my pussy, replacing mine. 

This time she didn't show any uncertainty or hesitation. It was as if she knew that my reaction would be positive before she started, and she was right of course. I gasped in astonishment but I didn't try to stop her, I didn't even think about doing so. I just opened my legs a little further and submitted to her touch, knowing without asking what she wanted to do. She began to gently rub my button, her fingertips flicking back and forth across it, obviously intending to bring me to a climax herself. I'd never had anyone, anyone at all, let alone another girl, touch me like that and I wasn't at all sure what to make of it or even if I should let it continue. But it felt so good to have Vicki masturbating me that I just sighed and let her. 

Even so, I was still nervous and I found myself wanting to put my hand over hers, maybe to guide her and maybe to stop her if I felt I needed to. But I didn't want to do that, I wanted to let her bring me off, and so I kept my hands well out of the way, playing with my breasts instead. It was the first time I'd been able to play with both my breasts at the same time and so I made the most of it, mauling them, squeezing them, pushing them together and then tugging at my nipples, all the time letting Vicki stroke and rub my clitoris. Before long I felt an orgasm building and I was moaning softly, my hips beginning to gyrate in an attempt to amplify the sensations of Vicki's fingers. 
