 "Don't come," she growled low into my ear. "Don't you dare come, you fucking whore."

Baby knew exactly what she was doing to me--driving me insane. As soon as I walked in the door she was there waiting for me. She was sitting, naked, in an overstuffed chair with her left leg draped over one of it's arms, playing with herself. Seeing her fingers dip in and out of her pussy caused my knees to go weak. She noticed the effect and, with a smirk, said, "On your knees, bitch. Crawl to me." Without a word I fell to my knees and crawled across the carpeted room. It seemed to take days. I never took my eyes off of her; I couldn't. Finally, reaching my destination, I tried to move between her legs but a stern look made me stop dead in my tracks. We locked eyes as I sat back on my heels. "You may look, not touch," she said calmly.

Her fingers never faltered. While she was commanding me, her ministrations became more frantic. My watching was making her hot; still, she had complete control over the situation. Her eyes never left mine. She had two fingers buried deep in her cunt and her thumb was rubbing in quick circles over her clit. Her hips moved methodically up and down of the seat of the chair as she fucked herself. The whole scene seemed to be affecting me more than her. I wanted to be the one fucking her. I wanted to taste her, to feel her cum in my mouth and all over my hand. I wanted it so bad I began to squirm. Instinctively, my hand moved between my legs. Seeing it, she said, "Who said you could touch yourself?" Frustrated, I moved my hand and bit my lower lip.

Her eyes rolled back in her head and her body began to shake. She began to fuck herself harder, faster, forgetting I was even in the room. I didn't matter to her at that moment--or so I thought. Just as her body began to convulse, she whispered, "Turn around, you little slut." As soon as my back was turned she came. I heard her breath ragged and fast, her moans echoed throughout the room and crescendoed into a scream that caused me to shudder with delight. It seemed to last forever. She kept moaning, kept shaking, kept coming. Slowly, she came down from it. Her screams and cries turned into soft moans and purrs of satisfaction. Still, I couldn't believe she'd denied me the pleasure of seeing her come...but my panties were all the more wet for it.

Then she was right behind me, whispering in my ear. "Come, slut." I hadn't heard her move out of the chair. She still hadn't touched me. My body exploded in a whirlwind of sensation. I fell back against her, shaking and moaning. My whole body was on fire and it only got more intense as the seconds passed. Faintly, I could hear her whispering, "That's it...come for me. Come you nasty little slut." Each word from her mouth caused a resounding shudder through my body. I was completely lost in the moment. When I began to come down, she growled in my ear, "Did I tell you to stop? Keep coming, bitch," and it started all over again. I had no sense of time or place. I was stuck in my head, lost in the feeling. I felt my body shaking, pleasure emanating from my pussy. I was nothing more than her little plaything.

Unable to say a word, I came down again. My entire body continued to shake. My moans turned into soft whimpers against her neck. She smiled down at me and captured my lips in a kiss that was fiery and intense. Any bit of exhaustion I felt immediately left my body as I shifted in her lap, trying to get closer to her. Her tongue was slowly fucking my mouth while she held me close, but far enough away to tease me. A soft moan escaped my lips and she ended the kiss. She stood and began walking toward the bedroom. Before I could stand she turned back to me and with a look that froze me in my tracks, she growled, "Crawl, bitch."

My legs turned to jelly but somehow I managed to crawl behind her into the bedroom. Once inside she pointed to the bed. Obediently, I sat on the bed and moved to the middle of it. She smiled and held up her hand, dangling four pieces of rope. First, she straddled my hips and tugged my shirt off over my head. My bra soon followed. She shifted and bent over, her breasts dangling right above my mouth, and tied my hands tightly to the bed. I groaned in anticipation and she grinned, moving slowly down my body. Her fingers walked down between my breasts, down my stomach and finally to the waist of my jeans. She slowly unfastened them and slid the rough denim and my panties down over my hips. Then, she tied my ankles.

I was completely immobilized. I wanted to touch her so bad I could scream. My arms were tied so tight, I couldn't even raise my head. Soon, she was on the bed again, this time straddling my chest. I could feel her warmth on me. I pulled at my bindings with no luck. She looked down at me and licked her lips. As her tongue traced her lips, she traced mine with her index finger, pulling it away all too soon. With the same finger, she traced the lips of her pussy, then offered it to me again to lick clean. Finally she moved again, her knees on either side of my head. Her pussy was inches from my face. She'd lower herself to my tongue, then raise up again. A growl from me caused her to laugh. "Why do you think you deserve this?" she asked, lowing herself again for a brief second. I couldn't think of a reason. The only thought in my mind was how bad I wanted it.

She continued to tease me and the only word that would come to my mouth was, "Please." Even before the last of the word came from my lips, she lowered herself onto my face. Roughly, she ground her hips against my face, riding me, using my tongue to fuck herself. Without warning, she came again, squirting all over my face. Before I could protest, she was gone, across the room. She came back wearing a bright pink strap-on. She knelt between my legs and with one quick thrust, slammed her cock into me. She started fucking me hard and fast. Each rough thrust slammed her hips against mine. My back arched against the restraints. Each thrust lifted me off the bed. I could feel myself slipping away again and she grabbed my hair. "Don't come you fucking whore." I screamed as I felt her body begin to shake again. A few more thrusts and it was over. She withdrew her cock from me. I lay on the bed panting, fighting my restraints.

She moved to the head of the bed again, this time when she straddled my face, she forced her cock into my mouth. She gripped my hair hard, brutally fucking my mouth. Each thrust of her hips made my body shake more. She twisted my hair in her hands and growled, "I mean it, bitch. You better not come." All I could do was whimper and look her in the eyes as she fucked me. With one final thrust she said, "Come for me, bitch." When my body responded to her command, she sat next to me on the bed and watched. I arched and bucked against the ropes, screaming as I came for her over and over again.