 Shanna moved to Tustin in March. Her husband was just hired as a professor at UCI. Shanna was educated as an engineer, but stayed at home. They had a daughter the same age as mine. She was 5'9", short hair, fit, blue eyes, 35 years old and has such perky tits! I was surprised the first time I met her that she was not wearing a bra. 

She was introduced to me by the principal on the day she checked her daughter into school, since I was on the PTA board. Shanna was very sweet and great to talk to. We hit it off right away. 

We had a few lunches together. She was always telling me how sexy I was and how she does not know how my husband could keep his hands off me. I became bold enough to tell her I thought she was very attractive and that I was never brave enough to not wear a bra. She laughed and said, "I was hoping you would notice. What do you think?" 

I said, "Oh, no! You can pull it off. That's great." 

She pressed the issue, "I know mine are not big and gorgeous like yours, but what do you think?" 

I was nervous and just said, "Good." Really fast and looked to see if anyone heard us talking 

Shanna smiled and said, "Thank you, you are so sweet." 

As our meal ended she asked me to come over to her house the next morning. We embraced to say goodbye. She did not just wrap her arms around my back, she put one hand at the small of my back and with the other she held my neck. This sent goosebumps down my arms. I told her I would come over. 

After I dropped off my daughter, I drove over to her house. When I arrived there was a motorcycle in the driveway. I rang the door. Shanna came to the door wearing a see through nightgown. I said, "Wow. Uh good morning." 

She said, "I'm sorry, I forgot my robe. I did not mean to startle you." I was surprised and thrilled, but I did not want my shock to come out my mouth. Agh, I know she saw me look her up and down. 

I stared at a small strip of hair at the meeting of her legs and I know she picked up on it. "Come in. I have to get dressed." 

Her university housing was very elegant. She had style and pizazz. She offered me tea or water. I declined and she said she needed to change. "We can talk while I get dressed, if you want to come up with me. Besides, I can show you the rest of the house," as she stared into my eyes with her beautiful blues. 

I told, "Of Course." 

She turned and began to walk to the stairs. I followed her like a puppy dog. I checked out her fine curved ass. As she ascended the stairs she was strutting that ass. I found her so hot, but was she bisexual? I mean she was sending me signal after signal, but what if I'm wrong? What if I make a move and she's not?! I don't want it getting out that I tried to kiss her!! 

We got to her bedroom and it was clean and well-kept with a king size bed. She showed me the walk in closet and took off her nightgown and kept talking. She was naked and so damn attractive. She opened her underwear drawer and pulled out a pair of white tong panties and put them on in front of me and yes, I was looking at her well-manicured box. 

She put on some skinny jeans and then turned in my direction. I could see her bare tits and I know my mouth opened involuntarily. She had small dark pink nipples. She grabbed a tan top and asked, "Is this okay?" 

I said, "You look great." 

She said, "Thank you. Now that I'm dressed let me get a hug." She embraced me the same way. I was getting so wet, I'm sure I was dripping. As the hug ended she continued to hold my neck and look me in the eyes just inches from my face. I was shaking! Was she going to kiss me?! God, I hope so! 

She smiled and said, "Come on!" This response caught me off guard. "The day is wasting!" she said. 

We went down stairs and to the driveway. She handed me a helmet. I looked at her with a weird look. Shanna said, "I want you to ride with me on my motorcycle. There is a place I want to show you." 

I took the helmet. I always wanted my husband to ride a motorcycle so that he could take me on rides. Now a beautiful woman was asking me to ride on her motorcycle with her. Yes, I had to do it. 

She got on the bike and started it. I was loud. I put on my helmet and hopped on. She turned back to me and said, "Hold on." 

I said, "I'm a little scared." Shanna then revved the engine. I felt motorcycle vibrate between my legs. 

Shanna said, "Wrap your arms around me." I wrapped my arms around her fit stomach. I pressed my body to hers. I could feel the warmth of her back against my breast. I could feel her between my legs as the motorcycle moved forward. I did not know where she was taking me, just hoped it would take a long time to get there. 

I pressed my face against her back. I could smell the soap she used to shower with. We rode along the coast Shanna said she had not lived near the Pacific before and just loved to ride along the beach. 

We stopped at a 7-Eleven and shared a bottle of water. She put her arm around me and asked, "Amazing! Right?" 

"Do you mean feeling your body against mine while the motorcycle vibrates my pussy or the damn ocean", I wanted to say. 

"Amazing," I said, but I knew which question I was answering. 

"Time to go," as she put on her helmet. 

We rode on to a state park cliff above the road. It was not a regular road and was very bumpy. My hand accidentally went across her breast. I pulled it down quickly and she said, "Hold on tight!" The next bump I used as my cover to run my hand deliberately over her right breast. It was nice and firm. I moved my fingers on her breasts and enjoyed it so much. I realized that I had been on her breast for better than a minute and she never said a word. I moved my hand back down. 

She asked, "Are you doing okay?" 

"The best," I said. We got to the top and dismounted 

I was a lovely view of the Pacific Ocean. She pointed out to Catalina. I strained to see it. She came in behind me and pointed over my shoulder with her right hand. With her left hand she wrapped her arm around my stomach. I could feel her tits on my back. She perched her chin on my left shoulder and whispered, "See it." 

I felt her breath on my cheek. I said, "Ah huh." 

She placed her cheek next to mine and put her right arm across my breasts. I was shaking with anticipation and she said, "You're cold, let me warm you up." She then used her hands to rub my tits and stomach. I lifted my head up in a state of arousal. Shanna then kissed my neck and shoulders then the back of my neck. She slid her hands down over my pants down to my crotch and squeezed and rubbed. Any doubts I may have had were completely demolished. 

I turned around and gave her a kiss. She forced my mouth open and kissed me, holding my chin with her right hand. With her left hand she unclasped my bra. She did not wait to take my shirt off and went under my shirt and began to suckle my nipples. My nipples were erect. 

I knew we were outside, but I believed we were secluded and took my shirt off. She picked her head up and guided me to the grass. I was on my back and she laid next to me kissing me. She pulled my pants and soaking wet panties off. She took off her clothes and I just opened my legs. Shanna went in between my legs and started to kiss my mouth again. She was grinding her pussy against me. She then got on one knee and wrapped her leg around me. She began to fuck my pussy with hers. It felt so fantastic to feel a hard clit against mine. Shanna was going so fast I believed she was about to cum. Instead of cumming, she began to grind her pussy into mine. I could not tell where her juices began and where mine ended, but I know my pussy and thighs were covered in sensual glissingly nectar. I could not take it. I could feel the tingling coming from my toes and running up to my scalp. I knew I was going to cum. I said, "it's happening, I'm cumming." 

She kept grinding my cunt and said, "I was waiting for you to cum. We are going together, Magdalena!" I exploded on her clit with a gush. I could feel her quiver after my squirt. 

She laid next to me on the grass. We were both naked covered in cum and exposed to the world. I could not feel more content. 

Shanna said, "We should go." Too soon, but she was right. We got dressed and got back on her motorcycle. The entire way I just caressed her stomach as I held her. We headed back to her house. 

When we arrive at her house she took me to the stairs and walked me up. 

I was content, but Shanna needed more. She took off my clothes and then took off her own. She put her left foot on her bed and with her finger beckoned me to come I walked over to her and she pointed down. I got down on my knees. Shanna then grabbed my hair and pulled my face into her slit. I could smell her intoxicatingly aroma. I wanted to taste it. I've never had a woman and never licked a pussy except in my fantasies I wanted to please this woman on my first try with a woman. I could pull this off! 

I first began to lick the clit directly. Her pussy juices tasted sweet to me. I licked in circles and realized I wanted her labia open so I could make her cum. I spread her delectable hot box open. 

I licked the clit and then slid my tongue into her pussy. I could tell she liked that! She moaned, "Ahh, right there!" She then took her middle finger and began to work her clit. I could feel her knees buckling. 

She said, "I love it!! Magdalena!! You're making me cum!" I kept licking and felt a gush of woman juice across my nose and cheeks. She let go of my hair and at that point I realized how much she had been pulling it!! She turned and collapsed on the bed. I came up next to her. She pulled my mouth down to hers and kissed me. She licked my lips and said, "I wanted to taste myself from your mouth". 

I caressed her hair and kissed her smooth alluring face. I had wanted this for so long and now I had someone I could explore my very deepest desires with. 

Shanna got up and opened up a draw to her night stand. She pulled out a white and black object. It took me a minute and then I realized it was a strap on dildo. She did not say a word and just put it on she got on the bed and I naturally turned over on my back. I opened my legs. No words were exchanged no smiles. She rubbed the dildo with her pussy juices and put the tip of the dildo at my pussy opening. She then pushed. The dildo stretched my wet pussy open. Shanna then began to fuck me. Rapidly her hips were pumping that hard white cock into me. "How do you like?!" she barked at me. I had never seen her so stern before. I nodded my head in the affirmative. 

She slapped my face and said, "I asked you a question and I expect an answer!" 

The slap stung but the fucking felt so good and I said, "I... I like." 

"Do you love my cock?" she asked and then slapped my left tit. 

"Yes," I said. "That's, 'yes, ma'am," this possessed woman said. 

I said, "Yes, ma'am." 

I could feel it again, I was going to cum. As I was about to cum Shanna reached down and just squeezed the fuck out of my tits and said, "Tell me you love it!" 

I said, "I love it." 

She said, "Say it louder and it's ma'am!" 

I said, "Yes, ma'am, I love it!" 

"You love what? Slut?" she said curtly. 

I could not stop myself as she was thrusting that dildo into me with so much force, "I'm cumming!! I love you fucking me, ma'am!" 

Shanna said, "Tell me you love to eat pussy!" 

I said, "I love to eat pussy, ma'am!" I came. I gushed. I was about to cry and she kissed me and I did cry like a baby. She then brought the dildo to my mouth and pushed it in while I was crying. 

"This will stop your tears! Suck my plastic cock, slut! Get it clean! All of it!" she demanded of me. 

I sucked her plastic cock and tasted my pussy juice. It was thin because my gush of squirt knocked must of my thick juice off. She took the straps off and moved her pussy over my face and straddled it. She said, "Finish cleaning it, Slut!" I licked her pussy. She then began to say, "Oh, you are a fast learner!" She moved her pussy up and down my face until she came again. 

She laid next to me and smiled. "I hope that was okay," she said. 

I turned my head to her and looked her in her eyes and smiled. I then hugged her so tight. I told her I was in ecstasy.