 As I was making my way thru the woods this morning as is my normal thing to do on a sunny Saturday morning when I came upon the small clearing that I usually stop at so that I can strip naked and sun tan nude and masturbate myself for a few hours. I heard a strange noise coming from the clearing. Stopping behind some bushes so that I could see who the fuck was invading my special place. 

Looking thru the bushes I see a red haired vision in a white sun dress dancing around the clearing and chanting some absolute crap. I spent a few minutes watching the skanky bitch who was young enough to be the daughter that I never had as I got angrier and angrier about why she was there in the first place destroying my special time with myself and my dildos. 

She was a very beautiful vision in her almost transparent white sun dress dancing around the clearing but she had no business being there. I watched her for several minutes as I stripped out of my hiking clothes and tried to think what I was going to do next. 

She continued to dance around and the sun was making her sweat profusely to the extent that her dress became transparent. I was being turned on by this young bitch. She was one of the sexiest young ladies that I had seen in a long time with her long red hair in pigtails, her shaved cunt beginning to show thru the sweat soaked sun dress and long, muscular legs sticking out from under the sun dress. 

Even though I was turned on by this vision in white I so wanted her to get her fucking ass out of my woods. I was just going to have to do something about it myself.

Stepping out from the bushes that had concealed me I shouted at her at the top of my lungs. 

"Bitch stop that stupid ass dancing and come here to me!" 

She ignored me at first and continued to dance and chant around the clearing like I was not there. 

She finally got close enough to me so I grabbed her pigtails and pulled her to a stop. The first words out of her mouth were the following.

"I am Lady Karen you old whore!" 

I stopped that foul mouth with a backhanded slap to the side of Karen's face with my left hand while I held on to her pigtails with the other hand. 

I slapped Karen several times before she stopped resisting me. I had to show her that I was in charge of this situation so I grabbed both of her pigtails and violently slammed her to the ground. 

Karen was still resisting me but I suddenly dropped down on her chest and squeezed her tits digging my long fingernails into them. A few tears began to roll down her cheeks as I thought she was coming to realize that this "Old Whore" was really in charge of the situation. I told her to lie still and not move as I went to the bushes and got my clothes and backpack full of sex toys that I normally used for my masturbation sessions. 

Coming back to Karen's skanky looking body I straddled her once again and towered over her in all my mature beauty. I asked her if she liked my gorgeous boobs and she replied. 

"Those nasty looking tits are sagging fakes."

Well this comment only incensed me more. Bending over I slapped Karen's face a few times with both my hands on both of her cheeks until a trickle of blood came out of the corner of her mouth. I next put my weight on her heaving tits with my rubber soled hiking boot and pressed down squeezing the air out of her lungs until she passed out. 

I dragged Karen's limp body into the center of the clearing and straddled her once again as she lay there unconscious. I decided that it was time to start the indignities to her that I had thought about while I was fingering my clit in the bushes watching her dancing earlier. 

So as Karen laid there helpless I began to pee on her profusely with a stream of hot pee from my cunt. I covered her entire body with my golden female elixir and turned her pretty white sun dress a nasty shade of yellow. And bending down I licked that drop of blood off of her cheek before I peed all over her face and into her red hair. I left her laying there while I went to gather some pieces of wood to build a fire since it was now in the late afternoon and shadows were beginning to cover the clearing.

I picked out five sturdy pieces of wood and with the hunting knife that was in my backpack I fashioned four stakes and a special wooden dildo out of them. After building a fire I pulled Karen's lifeless body near it and pounded the four stakes into the ground and tied her down spread eagle for my pleasure. I used some thin nylon rope from my backpack and made certain that her hands and feet were tightly bound to the stakes. 

I squatted down on Karen's chest once again and began to gently slap her face over and over until she woke up. It took her a few seconds to realize that this "old whore" had her completely under control. 

"Well my little skanky bitch I am going to spend quite some time teaching you that your new Auntie Vicky is the one in charge." 

"I only hope that you can handle what I am going to do to you my fucking skanky little cunt bitch." 

Taking my hunting knife from the backpack I slowly start to run it over Karen's body taking special care to run the sharp tip all over her tits and nipples. Her body quivered as I did this and I could see the fear in her eyes especially when I concentrated on her nipples and brown areolas. 

"Are you scared that I might slice those nasty looking nipples of yours off my little skanky cunt." 

But instead I began to cut Karen's pee stained dress off of her trembling body. Lifting the hem of her dress I slid my knife towards that skanky cunt of hers exposing her shaved cunt for my viewing pleasure. Continuing upwards I let the back of the blade slide along her stomach until I had exposed those little girl titties for her "Auntie Vicky". 

Next I ripped the sleeves off of Karen's dress so that she was completely exposed for my evil viewing pleasure. Pulling the dress out from under her I ripped it to shreds saving a few pee soaked pieces for later. The rest I tossed into the fire so that she was now completely naked and under control of her evil Auntie Vicky. 

"You will now address me as Auntie Vicky when you speak to me." 

"Do you understand me skank?" 

"Yes Auntie Vicky," Karen whispered. 

Karen whimpered in reply and apparent submission to me because she was beginning to realize that her ass was in trouble for violating Auntie Vicky's forest clearing.

While I continued to squat over Karen's face I instructed her to not try and lick my juicy cunt that had begun to drip my essence on her lips and in her mouth. She at first attempted to reach up and lick me with her eager tongue but all that gets her is a slap in the face and her nipples pinched hard. 

I decided to have a little self pleasure before continuing to punish my little skanky baby girl Karen. So spreading my cunt lips wide I began to finger myself with my other hand. 

In and out I finger myself paying special attention to my swollen clit. I continued this for only a couple of minutes because I had gotten so hot thinking about what I was going to do to her and suddenly my body quivered and I climaxed for the first time all over her face. 

My juices squirted out of my cunt and covered Karen's waiting face. Forcing her mouth open I filled it with my juices and told her to swallow. I saw that she was reluctant to do this so I dug my fingernails into her little girl nipples again until she compiled with my order. 

"Your Auntie tastes good doesn't she skank?" 

Karen whispered, "Yes Auntie you taste so good." 

I then turned her over so that I could rest on top of her after my orgasm and recover for a bit. I took my knife and stuffed the handle of it inside her little girl cunt. 

I thought that Karen knew she was about to be punished by her Auntie but since we were alone out in these woods there was nothing she could do. She began to scream for me to stop what I was doing but I ignored her. In fact I began to fuck her harder with my knife pounding in and out of her cunt hard and fast until her little girl body began to heave and twitch under me. 

After about ten minutes Karen began to quiver and experienced the first orgasm of her punishing experience with her new Auntie. I made her lick the butt of the knife clean so that she could taste herself. 

Taking one of the pieces of Karen's dress that I saved I wiped her skanky little girl cunt clean. Thinking that someone might save her she began to scream for help. I stopped that by stuffing the pee soaked piece of her dress in her mouth so she tasted both of us together. 

Standing back up I walked over to the fire so that I could warm my naked body since it had gotten dark. I looked over at Karen quivering in the cool night air and an evil thought came to my mind. 

I went into my backpack again and got out my strap-on dildo harness and a huge flesh colored dildo and slipped it on. I bet Karen didn't know but sometimes met a special lady or two out here in the woods for some girl/girl fun. 

As I walked back over to Karen I had a sudden thought and picked up the wooden dildo that I had carved earlier. I think that I saw real fear in her eyes as I had that wooden cock in one hand and was lubing the 14-inch strap-on dildo with the other hand. 

"Don't be afraid little baby girl." 

Auntie Victoria knows what she is going to do to you and there is absolutely nothing that you can do about it." 

I knelt between Karen's spread legs as I lubed up my wooden cock. I spread her skanky little girl cunt lips open and slid the first three inches inside her waiting cunt. I twisted the wooden cock around and around so that she could feel how hard it was. She try to scream again but it was of no use with her mouth stuffed full of her nasty dress. 

I slowly slid the wooden cock inside Karen inch by inch rotating it in a circle until there was nearly a foot of wooden cock inside of her. She began to buck her hips because it was the biggest thing that had ever fucked her before and I smiled down with pleasure at the pain and suffering I was causing my little skank niece. 

I continued to fuck Karen with my wooden cock. I lifted her ass up with my wooden cock that had now become a handle inside her little girl cunt. Tears were now streaming down her face profusely and I could tell she was in quite a bit of pain. But her Auntie was not thru with her at all. 

Now I began to pound my wooden cock inside Karen's little girl cunt with all the force I could muster. Making my skanky baby girl regret her intrusion into my private clearing was my primary goal now. Shoving my wooden cock in and out of her cunt was such a pleasure for me and I was getting hot all over again. 

As the minutes began to reach nearly an hour Karen had had so many orgasms that I stopped counting them and with one last shove I filled her up completely with my wooden cock. Standing up again I saw that the ground was wet with her juices and that her cunt lips are swollen and red. I could tell that she was in the pain of her life but I knew that she realized that I was not done with her at all. 

Standing over Karen's sweat covered body I let my long thick 14-inch strap-on dildo hang down in her face. 

"Is my little baby girl ready to deep throat some cock for her Auntie?" 

Karen shook her head no but all that got her was a couple of hard slaps to her face. I turned around so that when I began to squat down her face would be covered by my ass. 

Pulling the pee/cum soaked piece of Karen's dress out of her mouth I stuffed it up her tight little girl asshole so that it would be ready for something later. She tried to keep her mouth closed as I slapped the head of my strap-on across her lips but when she felt the tip of my knife rake across her little girl titties she opened her mouth wide for my monster cock. 

I squatted down even farther as I forced Karen's mouth to take more and more of my monster 14-inch cock. For once I was pleased with my little girl as she took nearly eight inches down her throat. The real fun for me started as I began to fuck her mouth with long slow strokes of my cock. 

I stretched Karen's lips wide open and began to pound her face with my cock for several minutes until I could feel her gag on it. I felt a little sorry for my skanky niece so I pulled it out so she could catch her breath just before I sat down on her face and smothered her with my "old sagging" ass as she tried to call it earlier. 

I continued to smother Karen's face and lifted my ass up while she gasped for air as she nearly passed out time and time again. Her Auntie was teaching her a real lesson in obedience. Finally I got tired of this and stood up once again towering over her skanky little girl body covered with my pee, cum and dirt from her trying to get away from me. 

Towering over Karen I glared down at the one little girl orifice that I hadn't punished yet. But first I picked up my backpack and pulled out a bright red ball gag for my little baby girl. I lubed it up by sticking it in my hot, wet juicy cunt underneath the strap-on harness and then shoved it into her waiting mouth and tightened it around her head. 

And for good measure I slapped Karen's face again very hard so that it brought tears to her eyes. Rolling the now empty backpack up I slid it up under her ass so that I could get to her little girl asshole with my strap-on monster. I ripped the now nasty piece of dress out of her asshole and tossed it over her face so that she would not be able to see what was going to happen to her next but only feel it. 

"I hope that you know you're going to take all of my cock up your ass baby girl." 

"You will feel it coming up your throat."

And saying that I forced the head of my cock inside Karen's tight little girl asshole and shoved it so deep inside her that she thought I was splitting her apart. I got the entire fourteen inches up her asshole and just held it inside of her for a few minutes. 

As I relaxed with my monster cock up Karen's ass I pulled my wooden cock from her little girl cunt with one quick motion. Once again I heard the muffled screams come from her throat as the sudden removal of it made her have another orgasm for me. 

Juices began to flow out of Karen's cunt mixed with blood and I knew that I had satisfied that little girl cunt of hers like no man or woman had ever done before. I tossed the wooden cock in the fire so that she would not be able to keep it to use on herself if and when I let her go home. 

So as Karen's juices flowed down the crack to her asshole and began to lube my monster cock I began to fuck her up the ass as only a loving Auntie knows how to do. Slowly I began to pull out and pound my cock inside her asshole but I never pulled more than six inches out at a time. 

This I did for nearly ten minutes. I thought that Karen was enjoying this way too much because she began to hump her ass back on my cock every time I pulled it out and the moans of pleasure began to come from her gagged mouth. Enough of this I said to myself and I began to increase the rhythm of the butt fucking of my little baby girl until I was pounding her sweet little asshole like I was a dog in heat. 

Karen's moans of pleasure once again turned to moans of pain. I continued to butt fuck her for nearly an hour this way until I was now tired and needed to rest. So I pulled my cock out of her nasty little girl ass quickly and she gasped from the pain of her butt fucking. Her body was once again quivering and shaking from the pain.

I once again moved and sat down on Karen's little bitty school girl titties and took the nasty piece of her dress off her face and released the ball gag from her mouth. 

"My sweet little niece it's time for you to clean your Auntie's cock that has been up your ass for the last hour." 

And with that I shoved it in Karen's face and made her lick it clean for me. This she did very unwillingly but she did clean all of her nasty tasting shit off of it in just a few minutes. 

Karen then begged me for something to drink and I was quite pleased to once again fill her mouth with my hot golden female elixir. As I was peeing on her face I was looking at her hairy legs and decided that she need to be shaved. 

So I turned my attention to them and finished by peeing all over them and Karen's somewhat shaved muff. 

"Baby girl it is time for you to have a shaved pussy like me." 

And taking my knife I began to scrape Karen's muff clean of that nasty red stubble. For once she made no moves at all least my blade slip and in a matter of just a couple of minutes she had a nice clean shaven cunt just like I did. 

I guess that made Karen my YOUNG WHORE niece. Once again I got up and towered above her. As I picked up my toys and put them back into my backpack I went over to the fire and turned to her saying. 

"Little baby girl I am going home to take a shower and sleep in my warm bed tonight."

"I will be back in the morning to finish you off." 

And with that I turned to the fire again and began to pee on it to put it out. The smell was terrible as I put my hiking clothes back on and headed for home leaving Karen naked and nasty and tied down for the squirrels and bears to have their way with her that night.

After getting home I enjoyed a wonderful bubble bath and enjoyed myself making love to my girlfriend after which we fell asleep in each others arms as I dreamed of what fun I had had with my baby girl Karen. I bet she spent a terrifying night in the woods afraid that I would come back in the middle of the night to continue my punishment. 

I got up the next morning, took a quick shower, dressed in my clean hiking clothes and repacked my back pack with some special clothes and equipment especially for my little skanky baby girl. I also filled up a couple of baby bottles with water and grabbed a couple of jars of baby food that I had picked up from the store on my way home last night and off I went to my special place in the woods. 

I parked my SUV in a secluded spot and it only took me a few minutes to reach the clearing where I had left Karen tied on the ground. I saw that she was awake and struggling to free herself but to no avail. If only my little baby girl knew that I was into sailing in my younger days and the knots I used were self tightening. 

Laughing to myself I continued to watch Karen thru the bushes as I stripped off my hiking clothes and put on the special outfit I had packed this morning after I finished putting on my make-up. I knew that my little baby girl Karen would be completely surprised when she saw this outfit. 

A special sheer black corset, black thigh highs and 4-inch black patent leather "CFM" pumps made up my outfit. Picking up my backpack I waltzed into the clearing. 

"Auntie's here my little skanky worthless cunt niece Karen."

I could see the fear in Karen's eyes and with a hoarse whisper she begged me for some water and something to eat. 

Spreading a blanket out to sit on I lifted Karen's head up and cradled it in my lap. Reaching into my backpack I took out one of the baby bottles and began to feed my little baby girl. She started sucking on the nipple as if she was sucking my tits and gulped the first bottle of water down in a matter of a couple of minutes. 

Next I took out the jars of baby food [peas and carrots and strained beef], opened them up and began to feed them to Karen a spoonful at a time like any good Auntie would do. I could tell by the look on her face that she did not like the taste of the baby food but she ate every bite of it that I fed to her. 

After Karen was done eating I let her lay her head back on the blanket and rest for a few minutes as I prepared things for her final ordeal this morning. I took my backpack over to a large oak tree and took out three nylon ropes, my red leather strap-on dildo harness and my special 10-inch clear red latex dildo and some special lube. 
