 With a deep breath, I push open the double wooden doors that lead into the large basement auditorium of the local art gallery. I see that today's group is twelve artists, consisting of seven women and five men each sitting behind tall easels a couple of feet away from the other. They are chatting quietly in anticipation of today's session, laying out their charcoal and pencils in perfect order. One older gentleman, unusually, has decided to paint in watercolours this afternoon.

I notice all of this as I stroll across the white tiled floor hiding underneath my short, silky, light-blue robe and make my way up the steps to the top of the man-made stage in the center of the warm room. Is it my imagination or is it warmer than usual today? The floor boards creaking slightly as I climb are resting on crates about two feet high, all having been draped with a white flowing sheet for a clean pleasing effect and so as not to distract from the natural colours of my body. Except for directly behind me, the artists have gathered in a semi circle around me from my far left to my far right each getting their own perspective and view. This room is used as a gallery hall during the week so various mediums of art work are hung on the walls, but today being Sunday; it is closed to the public.

I gently lean my bum back against the plain round, pine stool seat resting one foot up on the bottom rung for support. The scattered spot lights hanging down from the ceiling blind my eyes; I am to be the main focus of attention for the next three hours. It's hard work, but it pays well. This morning I took the time to straighten my long blonde hair so that it doesn't look so unruly but I've left it long falling upon my shoulders instead of pulling it back into my usual ponytail. Untying the shiny, slippery ribbons of my dressing gown, I let it slip off my bare shoulders allowing it to fall down against the back of the stool.

I am now exposed in full view from my petite naked breasts past my flattened stomach to the bushy blond mound showing between my slightly parted legs. I'm on display, for all to see. I try to contain the shake I'm experiencing from drinking far too much coffee this morning, hoping it does not show. Yet despite my caffeine high my mind still feels sleepy and slightly numb; is the heat of the room or am I just entering my unique self-survival mode in preparation for today's job.

The artists have noticed my readiness and fall silent as they begin to scratch away onto their pinned up sketch pads all hoping to perfect a drawing that they can eventually turn into a finished painting one day. As I settle I'm doing my best not to think about the handsome young man in his mid-30's off to my right, the youngest of the artists today, so much younger than I am. Sitting still, I stare blankly into an invisible spot at the back of the room, I don't look around. My body sinks quickly, heavily, into fast relaxation whilst I keep my back straight; this first pose has to last thirty minutes.

As time slowly slips by, my eyes haven't wandered still fixed and still staring at my invisible spot, but now I only see fuzzy white clouds in front of my eyes dotted with black spots surrounded in a haze of light green air...

She steps up onto the stage beside me and smiles happily. I'm taken back in awe of her naked beauty. A well-rounded, Victorian-like woman, she has totally captivated my attention with her beautiful white velvet skin.

Without hesitation, small red lips descend close to my face and I with natural wanting, reach up to meet hers with mine. She smells so sweet like a bouquet of pink roses, her lips are silky soft. We kiss. Round and round our lips massaging and our mouths open to receive tongue, lusciously wet. Caressing over the sensitive lining of our inner lips, our tongues dance one against the other. Deep down reaching toward my throat her tongue wants more. My eyes close; wiggling to and fro I know only that I want more, more of her, here and now.

She is certainly not shy at taking the initiative exhibiting me, opening me, and touching me like this in public. My view of the room is now concealed beneath her wavy, bouncy dark brown hair. I find myself reaching up to cuddle one of her round, young perky breasts. Oh, the feel of these velvet pink nipples hardening under my fingers excite me. They are quite large in comparison to mine. I want to suck on her, nurturing.

As we kiss, a hand slips down brushing over my breasts and fondles amongst my thick tuft. A gush of love juice reaches my outer pussy lips and feels hot against my cooler skin. I'm getting very excited now and impulsively open my mouth to envelop one of her swollen, cushiony nipples. I roll my tongue over it, twirling it around and around, with as much of it between my lips as I can possibly take in feeling its satiny skin and tiny bumps. I'm sucking hard enough to draw milk if there was any. I hear a faint moan of yearning in my thirst.

Smiling I rise up off the stool and run both my hands through her hair. I look into her beautiful small brown eyes studying her little button of a nose lightly kissing its tip. Leaning down to caress my cheek across her smooth, large round belly, in soft waves it bounces in time to her rhythmic breathing. We both gently fall together to the blanketed floor and I can only think about one thing; I want to bury my face in her seductive pussy. She spreads her legs holding them up. Grabbing her cunt's thick, hairy lips I open her wide for my viewing pleasure.

She is bright pink and very voluptuous; I lick my lips in anticipation.

Closing my eyes, I sweep my nose down across her open pussy breathing deeply I inhale her pretty, earthy aroma. She smells incredibly turned on. Plump lips protect her delicate pussy on the outside. I gently kiss both sides of her inner folds as I flip them back and forth with my tongue. The bumpy skin tickles my mouth. Further inside, her wetness waits patiently for stimulation.

My tongue tastes her slippery smooth clit. I lick her very slowly, tasting and teasing. Pulling her knees back toward her chest opening herself even wider she indicates a desire for more tongue; I obey, sort of.

I know what she longs for. She hungers to be licked fiercely, quickly and brought to orgasm. I'm tempted to obey, but I need to delay, I need to make it last.

Calmly I caress and lightly touch her aching little bulb, ever so, ever so slowly; it is hiding eclipsed under its protective thin hood. Slowly up and over, again and again I lick. Always starting from the sensitive underside of her clit then licking up and over finishing on top. I, indulging myself, spend a good ten minutes swirling my tongue around her bud. Oh how I am enjoying, playing here in paradise, tasting, drinking and smelling her sweetness. I'm hopeful my grazing will coax her wanting clit to come out and play with my welcoming tongue.

Slipping a couple of fingers inside her soaked cunt, I pump her seductively and rub upward flicking across her G-spot. My Victorian lady rests her feet upon my shoulders. Her enjoyment and longing is announced with rising hips and a loud long groan.

It's time. Pulling back the skin that covers her clit I enslave it firmly between my thumb and index finger exposing a good sized bulb. My fingers are in position to hold her lips out of the way. I wiggle my tongue rapidly and directly over her trembling clit. Faster and faster I stoke her until I reach a comfortable steady speed. Slipping in wet saliva I can feel her pulsate beneath my tongue her groaning getting louder with each and every stroke. Generously I play.

As I begin to tire, I hurryingly lick and suck as my own sexual arousal builds. The longer I give her oral, the more turned on we both become. She moans with delight and her thighs begin to quiver with sexual tension. She can't be far away now.

As I lick her, my brain make-believes I'm also being pleasured, a tongue deeply probing my own cunt. My own titillation is at its highest. I'm so very wet, dripping!

Any minute now she will come. I want her to come right now! I reach up and squeeze one of her large breasts pulling on a hard nipple while I eat buried in those thick bushy lips drinking deeply from her well of pleasure.

I'm so turned on; my own cunt is pumping in rhythm to my licking. God I want to be, need desperately to be fucked! Love juice is leaking wetting the outside of my cunt and my nipples stand hard and erect, tingling.

I'm close! I'm so close to an exploding orgasm; I tighten, we pant loudly together...

I jump! Startled awake by the ringing alarm on the timer, I blink a few times, trying to come back to life escaping my daydream.

Slowly, I try to move my body out of the ridged position that I feel stuck in. My neck is stiff and sore. Reaching for my robe I clothe myself. It's time for a yawn and some quick stretches. With two and a half hours to go, I can't wait to lustfully burrow my mind in another wonderful, naughty fantasy.

I wander amongst the artists during the break and peek at their work wondering how they have captured me on paper.

I'm shocked to find they have all drawn a beautiful plump Victorian lady engaged in lustful sex with me my face buried between her legs, lying on the floor! I freeze and blush red hot; was it not a dream after all?