 Sharon Byrnes hummed an old 60's tune as she walked the streets of Greenwich Village. Never mind that the song had been recorded two years before she'd been born, it always made the 27 year old feel good. And today was definitely a day for feeling good.

She had been hired by a large local clothing manufacturer to set up a new computerized inventory system. Her contract with the firm had called for her to have the system up and running in four weeks. Instead, she had finished it in three, making the fourth week's salary a bonus.

Walking down the street, the tall brunette drew the glances of several male passerby's. She gave them no notice. She was far too interested in the warmth of the sun on her face and the feel of spring in the air. It felt so good to be able to shed that heavy winter coat and finally walk the streets in just a light blouse and skirt.

So fine was the weather and with it her mood, Sharon had canceled her late afternoon appointment and spent the last few hours exploring the local stores. It'd been a long time since she had visited this part of lower Manhattan, but she always remembered it as a place where you could find something totally new with the turn of a corner. 

So it was that a small sign on a walk down storefront caught her attention. It simply said "Violet Rose."

Unlike most of the shops along the way, no wares filled the windows. Instead, the whole window display consisted of a single violet rose laying on a white silk pillow.

Intrigued, Sharon started down the steps. She was surprised to find the door locked. Perhaps the store hadn't opened yet. She was about to retrace her steps back up to the street when a buzzer sounded and the door opened with an audible click.

Stepping inside the small foyer, Sharon noted a small video camera hanging from the ceiling. She had seen similar security setups in jewelry stores. Wondering what kind of store this could be, she opened the second door.

Once inside, Sharon saw a long u-shaped glass display cases that ran alongside the interior of the store. It reinforced the idea that this had once been a jewelry store. But the items in those cases as well as on the walls caused her to take a step back. Filling every case was the most extensive collection of sexual paraphernalia she had ever seen. Some of the wares were familiar to her, having seen them in mail order catalogues. Others were so strange to her that she couldn't even begin to imagine what they were used for.

Her blue eyes ran across the collection of leather goods, oils and lotions. Then across to the wall behind it and its large display of S & M gear. Still standing at the entrance, Sharon was trying to decide if she wanted to stay or leave. Then she saw the rather large selection of vibrators and dildos in the far display case.

"What the hell." she thought to herself. "I could use a new toy." she added, feeling just a little naughty.

Running her fingers across the display case as she crossed the room, Sharon smiled as she crossed over an assortment of handcuffs and other restraints. That was just a little too kinky for her tastes.

"Can I help you?" A voice from behind Sharon said.

The tall young woman jumped at the sound of his voice. She hadn't noticed the salesman before.

"Oh, you startled me." Sharon said as she turned.

The salesman smiled. He was incredible, Sharon thought. Muscular, over six foot tall, with curly blonde hair. He couldn't be more than 20 years old. Clad in a form fitting T-shirt that emphasized every muscle, the young man sent a quiver between her loins.

"Well, I'm looking for... I mean I was interested in..." Sharon began, suddenly feeling embarrassed.

Seeing her face turn red, the young man smiled even broader. It was a common occurrence in the store. People were really funny sometimes.

"Were you looking for a vibrator or a dildo?" He asked.

"Well, I'm not sure." came Sharon's response. "To be honest, I really came across your store by accident."

"Then maybe you should look around a little and let me know if you find something you like. My names Mark by the way." he replied before turning and walking away.

Sharon couldn't help but lean over the counter and admire his ass as he walked away. He had a really great ass.

Sharon spent the next twenty minutes exploring the various cases and displays. If nothing else, she was getting an education in erotica. At the same time, she was getting up her courage to perhaps ask that hunk behind the counter out for a drink. It wouldn't be the first time she'd pick up a guy, but this had to be the most unusual place she'd ever considered it.

Sharon was about to walk over and strike up another conversation when she noticed him buzzing another customer in.

It was another woman. About 5'5" and 160 lbs, the woman looked to be in her early 20's. She had a stocky build but her weight was so evenly distributed that Sharon wouldn't have described her as fat. Her face was rather boyish and she wore no makeup. Short black curly hair added to that image. Despite the fact that she had tremendous breasts, clearly visible through the plain white T-shirt, she didn't wear a bra.

With great familiarity, the woman walked across the store and behind the counter. The salesman smiled at her, obviously happy to see her.

"Could they be lovers?" Sharon thought as she looked at the mismatched pair. She'd seen stranger couples in her life.

A feeling of reassurance filled her when Mark kissed the new arrival on the cheek instead of her lips. Friends yes, lovers no.

The two spoke for a few moments as the woman glanced in Sharon's direction. The long haired woman quickly looked away, pretending to examine the selection of anal probes in the case next to her.

Then Mark left the new arrival and disappeared into the back room. Sharon watched out of the corner of her eye as the woman walked over behind the counter and stopped opposite her.

"Mark thought you might be a little more comfortable if I helped you." she said in a soft melodious voice that really didn't seem to go with her appearance.

"I think that would be better." Sharon smiled.

"Now what can I interest you in today." the saleswoman continued.

"Well, I was thinking I'd like a new toy." Sharon mused. "Actually, this is a spur of the moment thing. I only found your store by accident."

"We are a little out of the way." the short haired girl said as she and Sharon strolled back to the dildo and vibrator section. "And most of our advertising is done sort of word of mouth

"It is a nice shop." Sharon said for lack of anything else to say.

"Well I like it." came the response.

Ok babe, I'm out of here." called out Mark as he emerged from the back room. "I'm going to meet Peter at the gym."

Ok dear, have fun." the salesgirl called out as Mark quickly crossed the shop and out the door.

"That is one good looking guy." Sharon commented, not even realizing she'd said it out loud.

"That he is," the woman behind the counter agreed. "But I'm afraid you'd be in the wrong ballpark with that one."

Sharon looked a little confused.

"He's gay." she clarified.

"You're kidding." Sharon said.

"Ok, I'm kidding. He's not gay - only his boyfriend is." was the reply with a smile.

Sharon cursed her luck and really didn't hear what the salesgirl said next.

"So what's your pleasure this afternoon." she repeated. "I think he just walked out that door." 

Sharon said under her breath. Then she replied in a louder tone. "I'm still really not sure, maybe you can suggest something."

"Certainly." came a cheery reply. "Can I interest you in a vibrator?"

"Hmmm." Sharon murmured as she looked down at the samples. "I actually have one of those, and all of these seem to look pretty much like it. Unless you've got something a little more powerful. You know, something that Black and Decker might make, a super-vibrator with four D-cells."

"No, I'm afraid they haven't gotten around to that yet." she replied laughingly. "It's a pity though. I'm sure they're missing an untapped market. I know I'd buy one."

Sharon laughed. "Well I guess a dildo then, I don't have one of those."

"Ok, lets see what we can do then." said the salesgirl as she brought a tray of samples out and put them on the counter. "We pride ourselves on our selection."

The woman's demeanor impressed Sharon. Regardless of her occupation, she took her work seriously.

"Have you been doing this long?" Sharon asked as she picked up a small dildo and examined it. "Been a salesgirl I mean?"

"Oh I'm not part of the hired help like Mark." she grinned. "I own this place."

"Really?" a surprised Sharon asked.

"Yes, really. My names Violet Carey. Violet Rose to my friends."

"Nice to meet you, Violet Rose." Sharon said as she extended her hand, to be met by a firm handshake. "Sharon Byrnes."

Somehow, she had thought that some businessman who hid his name behind a screen of dummy corporations would own a store like this. Someone who wanted the profits but didn't want his name associated with this type of enterprise.

"So now that we've been introduced, what say we get down to business." Violet said. "Would this be for personal use or where you planning to use it on someone else. If so would that be vaginal or anal use."

"I'm afraid I don't understand." Sharon said.

"Well its quite simple actually." Violet explained. "Would you be using this on a man, say your husband or boyfriend?"

"Oh, no chance of that, I'm afraid." Sharon answered. "Both categories are pretty empty these days."

"I see. I asked because that would give me an indication as to size." Violet said. "Do you have any preference as to color. Quite a few woman seem to like this model. " she said as she held up a large black hued rubber phallic. "Although I'd bet none of their lovers ever see it."

"I've never had an interest in that direction." Sharon said as she admired the craftsmanship and detail that had gone into the product. It even had tiny veins on the sides.

"It was just a thought." Violet said as she put down the dark rubber cock and picked up another to show Sharon.

The two woman chatted as they went. Sharon found it amusing to be buying a sex-toy in a store like this. Violet acted like she was selling a scarf in Macy's. After examining a few more models, Sharon asked if Violet had a personal preference.

"Sure," Violet said with a broad grin. "Wait a second, it's behind the other counter."

Violet returned a few seconds later, holding a rather large piece of rubber. She dropped in on the counter. Sharon was taken aback by its size, it had to be at least 10 inches long and thicker than any she had seen so far. It was also a strap-on.

"I think that's a little too big." Sharon said as she ran her gaze up and down it's length. It was as detailed as the smaller black one she had admired earlier. "I'd never be able to handle anything that big." she admitted.

"Oh you'd be surprised at what you can handle." Violet said as she ran her fingers across the dildo. "As long as the right person is on the other end of it."

Sharon looked deep into Violet's enveloping smile. She'd have had to have be pretty stupid not to have noticed that Violet was as gay as she said Mark had been. And that she had been coming on to her since she'd come into the store.

Not that Sharon felt awkward in being hit on by another woman. Back in her college days, she'd experimented a little with girl-sex. After that, she'd had a brief lesbian romp with a girlfriend following her divorce. But those had all been with girls that she would've described as feminine. This was the first time she'd drawn the attention of a butch. An attention that she found herself enjoying.

"It does sound interesting." Sharon said. "But since I don't live in the city, I'd hate to buy something that I'd have to come all the way back to the city to return. That is if you can return such things."

"Well there's an easy way around that." Violet said beaming.

"And that would be?"

"I'd be happy to give you a demonstration."

Sharon's face now also beamed.

Violet led Sharon to the back room. Surprisingly, instead of the storeroom she expected, Sharon found a small one room apartment. It had a couch, television, refrigerator and microwave. All the comforts of home.

"Do you live here?" Sharon asked as she looked around.

"No," Violet said as she pulled the blinds, flooding the room with sunlight. "It's just a place to crash when someone needs it."

"Pretty nice, I..."

Sharon was cut off in mid-sentence as Violet abruptly grabbed her and pulled her against her large breasts. Any cry she might've wanted to make was cut off by the crush of Violet's lips against her own.

The kiss was forceful, aggressive, more like that of man than a woman. Yet at the same time, it was exciting and intoxicating. It had been a very long time since Sharon had wanted to be taken forcefully by someone. Violet had connected with a primitive desire that was usually buried deep inside.

Continuing their exchange of lust filled kisses, Violet slid her hand beneath Sharon's blouse and fondled her smaller breasts. With practiced ease, she undid the front clip of her bra, letting her round globes fall free.

Sharon moaned softly as strong fingers played with her nipples. Violet's touch was a combination of both rough and gentle. Almost immediately, both nipples were rock hard.

Pulling against the yellow blouse, Violet ripped it open, sending several buttons popping to the floor. Sharon didn't have time to worry about how she was going to repair the damage to her outfit. Grabbing one of her now free hanging mounds, Violet lifted it to her eager mouth.

"Oh God, yes." Sharon sighed as she felt the alternating pain and delight of Violet's teeth and tongue working on her sensitive tips.

"Oh, baby, we're just getting started." Violet laughed as she turned her attention to the other breast.

Sharon ran her hand through Violet's short curls as she held her head tight against her breast. Not that the younger woman needed any encouragement. She found the feel of the short hair enticing.

Not were Violet's much larger mounds to be ignored. Already covered with sweat, her large thick nipples pressed out against her thin shirt. Sharon reached out with her one free hand and took hold of as much of one as she could.

Even through the material, Sharon could feel the warmth of Violet's skin. She couldn't wait to get past that thin cotton barrier.

She didn't have long to wait. Violet released her hold on the older woman and took a long step back. Grabbing the bottom edges of her shirt, she pulled it up and over her head. Her gigantic orbs bounced heavily as they fell back into place.

Freed of what little restraint her shirt had offered, Violets breasts were larger than Sharon had guessed. Her nipples were almost a quarter inch in length and the dark pink circles around them measured nearly three inches wide. Sharon's eyes riveted on a small violet rose tattooed on her left breast.

Violet took a heavy breast in each hand and lifted each in turn to her mouth. Her nimble tongue reached out and tickled the tips, then she took each rose petal into her mouth, whole.

Sharon was getting incredibly turned on by Violet's exhibition. Her hands slid down across her now exposed breasts and stomach. Then she lifted her blue skirt and reached for the already wet mound beneath it. Thankfully, she rarely wore panties.

A familiar feeling filled her as she felt her fingers glide inside her. It'd been a long time since she'd found herself this wet before anyone had even touched her sex. She played with herself for a few minutes, her eyes never leaving the sign of Violet suckling herself. Finally, Violet left her breast slip from her mouth and lifted both of them outward. Inviting Sharon to partake of their delight. 

Never one to let an invitation grow cold, Sharon reached forward and cradled Violet's left breast, planting her first kiss right on her tattoo. A second kiss quickly followed, then a third, fourth and fifth. She quickly worked her way across the soft flesh until she felt the large nipple slip into her waiting mouth. 

Violet sighed as she felt Sharon's tongue make contact. She'd had her pegged right from the moment she first seen her. Like a child with a favorite piece of candy, Sharon rolled her wet tongue around and around the dark pink circle, sending tiny jolts of rapture up and across Violet's ample bosom.

"God, I'd forgotten how good this could feel." Sharon thought to herself as she shifted her attention to Violet's other globe and began to feast on that.

Even as the younger woman delightfully moaned in response to Sharon's efforts, Violet slid her hand down between the brunette's legs. The carefully trimmed bush she found there was already wet. Instinctively, she slid two fingers in between her lips and began to pump them in and out.

As Violet's fingers began to move in and out, faster and faster, the taller woman was unable to keep up her mammary ministrations. She released her mouths grip on Violet's nipple and let it fall free. 

Violet eased her back onto the couch and spread her legs wide. In a quick motion, Violet's mouth replaced her fingers. She only paused long enough to lick the tasty juices off her fingers.

A few minutes under the tutelage of Violet's talented tongue was enough to bring Sharon almost to the edge. It'd been such a long time since she'd felt this good. 

"Oh God!" she yelled out as she felt Violet's warm tongue reach up inside her once more. "Don't stop! What ever you do, don't stop!"

Yet only a few minutes later, Violet did stop. It took a few moments for Sharon to realize it. Her eyes opened wide and sought out her lover. She found her a second later. Violet was now totally nude and was in the process of adjusting the strap on the strap-on she had shown Sharon earlier. Hanging down between her legs, it looked even larger than before. Strapped tight, a small nub at the base of the rubber cock extended into her own pussy, rubbing against her clit.

"Now the real fun begins." Violet smiled.

A sudden feeling of apprehension filled Sharon at the thought of being penetrating by that monster. It was bigger than any man she had known. She opened her mouth to say something but something held her back. Sharon remained mute as Violet reached out and pulled her up off the couch. 

"Over the edge!" She ordered in an authoritative tone as she bent Sharon over the arm of the couch.

From a tube in her hand, Violet smeared a large amount of clear lubricant over the cockhead of her dildo. Then she pushed her slippery fingers down between Sharon's legs and up into her already lubricated pussy. She pushed all five fingers in, stretching the opening. 

"Oooo" moaned Sharon as she felt the initial intrusion.

Violet pressed her naked body up against the back of Sharon's own. She lifted her hanging cock and positioned the head against the now saturated tunnel.

"Spread those beautiful legs, honey." Violet whispered into Sharon's ear as she nibbled at it. "Cause you're going to love this." she added with a kiss.

With that she began rubbing the round tip of her cock up and down the length of Sharon's pussy before taking a firm grip and pushing it within her.

"Aaaaa!" Sharon yelled as she felt herself being penetrated . "Relax." Violet said as she eased the dildo out a little, before pushing it back in twice the depth of her first attempt.

Violet reach around and rubbed her fingers against Sharon's clit. Doggy style was her favorite position, it gave her such a feeling of superiority. Her frantic motions against the small nub at the top of Sharon's cunt helped distract her from the pain as Violet began to thrust deeper within her with an ever increased frequency.
