 Victoria's fake email was to be badgirl21@sparknet.com, while Lola's was to be bedteacher@sparknet.com. It was all a new experience for Victoria, sleeping with a woman, and a teacher at her school to boot. As graduation grew nearer, she decided to attend Western Washington University as they had the best education program in the state, and informed her mothers about it. It seemed that Mom was way more supportive than Mama, but things were going to be plenty crazy over the next coming weeks.

For an early graduation present, her grandmothers had bestowed two sets of keys to her. One was to her dream car: a silver Volvo S60. The second was to a penthouse apartment nearby to the Western Washington University campus in Bellingham, about an hour and a half away from Seattle. Victoria was overjoyed, but not as much as she was with Lola.

Ever since their day in the back of the library, Lola had come up with the perfect plan. Math had always been a struggle for Victoria, so Lola spoke to Murphy and Gloria about potentially tutoring Victoria at her house. Both of them accepted and, since they were so preoccupied with Justine, they didn't notice that her grade rose from a C to an A-.

One night, while at Lola's house, Lola seemed a little withdrawn. When Victoria noticed, she became worried. It wasn't like her lover to be so introverted, especially when she herself was over.

"Babe? You okay?" she asked, taking Lola's hand. "You're not upset that I decided to go to Western, are you?" she wanted to know.

Lola shook her head. "No, I..." She bit her lip, unsure of what to say next.

"You're not...breaking up with me, are you?" Victoria asked, getting to her feet in shock. "Might as well tell me if you are. I'd hate to think all this sneaking around has been for no reason at all..."

Lola got to her feet and slammed Victoria up against the wall, hard. "No, I would never do that," she said through her teeth. "We've been over this. You're mine. Do you understand me?"

Victoria found herself strangely turned on by this display of behavior. She couldn't believe that she, Victoria Spezia-James, was becoming wet at the thought of being bossed around by Lola...and more. Prim and proper one minute and totally wet and turned on by the thought of Fifty Shades of Collins.

Lola, immediately seeing what she'd done to her lover, instantly let go of her hold on Victoria and stepped back at once. "Oh, god what's wrong with me?" she asked out loud, practically shaking at the rush it had given her. "I am so sorry, Victoria..."

But Victoria shook her head. She gently pushed Lola back onto the couch and pulled down her mini skirt and white lacy tong showing off her perfect ass that Lola was especially proud of. She then draped herself across Lola's lap, stomach on her knees, ass close to her groping hands.

"Please," Victoria whispered, practically trembling with excitement.

Lola shook all over. Were some of her demons from her wretched father's past coming back to haunt her? Lola herself came from an abusive background before her uncle had taken her in. Her mother, Annabelle, was her uncle's younger sister. Annabelle had been a crack addict and a prostitute whose boyfriends would abuse her night and day from the time she was six until the time her mother lost custody of her at eleven. The abuse first started typically, by telling her that she was an insignificant little bitch who should disappear forever. The physical abuse began soon afterwards; all the men seemed to enjoy slamming her into things the most. Then, two days after her seventh birthday, she had been raped for the first time.

Victoria squirmed a bit in Lola's lap, impatient. "Please," she said again.

Lola trembled, seeing Tim Hartford in her mind's eye: the first man who had raped her. Seeing him there made her practically growl with unresolved anger and she began hitting Victoria's perfect ass over and over again.

Victoria moaned and rubbed her pussy up against Lola's fine leather couch in order to get off quicker.

"Hey!" yelled Lola, smacking Victoria even harder than before. "I did not give you permission to come!"

Victoria shivered with a mixture of fear and excitement as Lola continued to hit her. Smack...smack...smack. The sound of her lover's palm making direct contact with her sensitive, tender skin filled the living room of Lola's apartment. 

Lola then lifted Victoria effortlessly and placed her on her back on the couch. It only took a moment for her to kiss her down her legs, into her thighs, past her knees, and to her pussy, glistening in the living room light. She slipped two fingers inside of her and Victoria moaned instantly.

"What do you say?" Lola asked.

"Please," she whispered, wanting desperately for Lola to finger fuck her as well as suck on her clit. "Please make me come..."

Lola nodded. "Yes," she said softly, slipping her fingers more deeply into Victoria's pussy and beginning to pump it, hard.

"Oh!" Victoria gasped, almost every vein in her pussy contorting in pleasure. It was an unbelievable sensation as Lola pulled her fingers back and forth, back and forth. "Fuuuck!" she cried out then, as her legs went around Lola's head and yanked her lover closer to her pussy. "I want more..." she whispered.

Lola smiled. "Next time," she promised. "I have to drive you home."

***

Victoria was annoyed that when she returned home that both of her mother's had gone to Justine's anemia support group. Usually just one of them would go, but now it seemed that they were showing Victoria more and more that they fully intended to not seek out her company. Devastated, she retreated to her bedroom and curled into a fetal position onto her bed. Her phone buzzed with an incoming email from Lola, asking if she wanted to have phone sex.

Victoria took a risk and called her. "Hi," she said quietly.

"Are you alone?!" Lola immediately demanded.

"Yes."

"What's the matter?"

"They went to her fucking support group," Victoria sobbed. "I used to think that they cared about me, but ever since Justine was born, they just don't care anymore..."

"When will they get home?"

"It's Friday. Probably not until after 10:00," Victoria replied.

The doorbell rang then and Victoria went downstairs to answer it. Looking through the peephole, she saw Lola standing there. She let her inside and Lola told her to wait for her in her bedroom. Victoria did as she was told and waited for Lola in her room. 

Lola then came in and set a cup of something on her bedside table. Upon looking around, she discovered a paisley scarf draped over a chair and, after shutting and locking the bedroom door, she retrieved the scarf and blindfolded Victoria before also securing her wrists to the bed frame with it as well. Her ankles were left untied as Lola yanked up her shirt, unclasped her bra, and pulled down her mini skirt and that white thong that she loved so much to sniff now and again.

"What...?" Victoria whispered.

"Shh," Lola said gently. She then reached out for the green plastic cup, filled to the brim with ice, and took some into her mouth. She then proceeded to kiss down Victoria's body, the ice just behind her lips, leaving a thin trail of cool water from her enlarged nipples to her navel. Lola then swallowed that piece of ice and bite down, hard, on Victoria's navel, making her squeal with pleasure.

"Quiet," Lola cautioned, taking a second piece of ice into her mouth. Leaning down to her lover's clit, she stuck the ice out of her mouth and gently prodded the sensitive piece of skin with it. She chuckled a bit as her lover squirmed with a renewed sense of pleasure, begging to be allowed to come into Lola's mouth. 

Lola shook her head. Tracing the ice around Victoria's clit, it became all the more engorged, until she was so wet herself that she couldn't stand it anymore. Stripping herself and turning about, she made the perfect sixty-nine with Victoria. Spreading her legs apart, she was instantly sitting on Victoria's face and leaning forward to caress her lover's ice cold pussy with her enlarged taste bud tongue.

She began to squirm on top of Victoria and began to grind herself into the younger girl's mouth. "Stuck your tongue up my fucking pussy," she ordered through her teeth. "That's right, tongue fuck me!"

Victoria shivered at being ordered again; it really was a big turn on. She then proceeded to stick her tongue out as far as it would go, and made it enter Lola's pussy. Lola's hips immediately proceeded to buck as she fucked Victoria's tongue.

They both spasmed at once, delighting as their juices went into each other's mouths and permeated the room. Lola then got another idea and got up from Victoria's face. She grabbed her braided belt, which resembled a flogger, from the belt loops on her jeans and then proceeded to caress Victoria with it. It only took a moment for the light touches to become smooth slaps. It surprised her when Victoria begged for more, harder ones.

"Please..."

Lola, not wanting to disappoint, although reluctant to do so, began to whack instead of smoothly slap. There were red marks forming in the shape of the belt. She found herself becoming more and more turned on by Victoria's moans of pleasure, and didn't notice that she had begun to hit her with the buckle itself.

"Ow..." Victoria began to say. "No. Lola...I don't... Lola!" she screamed.

But Lola was lost in a fit of pleasure. It was not that she wanted to hurt Victoria, but she couldn't help doing so, not now. She was too far gone in something that shouldn't have ever been attempted.

"LOLA!" Victoria screamed, a choking sob that Lola finally heard.

Massive welts appeared from Victoria's shoulder blades to her knees. She immediately untied her and stepped away from her. Victoria's eyes were streaming with tears as sobs wracked her body.

"Victoria..."

"No." Her voice was firm, yet somehow quite distant.

"Please, baby, I..."

"No!" she said. She made a grab for her robe and threw it on, the silk irritating the welts. She then proceeded to throw Lola's clothes at her. "You're a fucking bitch who needs help!" she , sobbing openly now. "Go find someone else to fuck around with and fucking abuse! I was abused, Lola. But of course you knew that. Put on your clothes and get the hell out of here right now."

"Victoria, please..."

"No. I don't want this. This was wrong from the beginning. There are rules for a reason, and maybe if we stop this now, we'll be able to move on with our lives without any continuing repercussions."

Lola slowly began getting dressed, trying and failing to get Victoria's eye. "I wish you would talk to me."

"Fuck no," Victoria muttered. "Not after what you did to me."

Lola slowly nodded. She put on her shoes in an equally slow manner. "May I suggest that you delete the email account and destroy every message we have about...this? I don't want anyone's reputation to be destroyed."

"Don't worry. It'll get done."

Lola nodded. "It would probably be better if you walked me out. It'd look funny if I left by myself."

Victoria slowly got to her feet, yanking her robe closer around her so that neither of them would have to see the massive red welts and other marks that she was covered with. She led the way downstairs to the front door and opened it. "Goodnight," she said, tight lipped.

Lola nodded, feeling as if her heart was breaking. "Goodnight, Victoria."

Victoria shut the door and walked back up to her bedroom. Shutting the door again, she sat down on her bed and noticed two pieces of paper sticking out from underneath her bed. They were letters: one from her moms, telling her how pleased they were to be adopting her and how much they loved her. 

Dearest Victoria,

Though neither of us gave birth to you, we two were destined to be your mother's. We loved you from the moment you entered our lives, and there is nothing more motherly than that. You were that spark we were looking for and needed in our lives, and nothing shall ever replace you. Though you are our only child at the moment, we may end up extending the family a bit more. Should that happen, you should not worry about getting enough love or attention, because we are always here for you.

Love always,

Mama and Mom

The second was from Lola. She shook with sobs as she began to read.

My little bad girl,

This cannot be spoken of until graduation, and maybe not even then, for people might know that we were together before then. What they can know is that I'll never hurt you. I'll always be there for you. I will always want you with me. I cannot write "I love you here", because that it something that should be said in person. What I can say is the cheesy 1980's junior high school version: "I care so much about you." I do care so much about you. I always have, and I always will.

Victoria held both letters to her heart and began to sob. She soon found that she couldn't stop. Certain things, she decided then, would probably always remain unfulfilled.