 Through all of her high school years, Victoria had made straight A pluses, but she had never expected this. It was an official letter from her mother, Gloria, congratulating her on becoming the valedictorian for her graduating class. It was a lot to take in.

She met Lola in their customary spot for some very heavy petting, and showed her the letter. Her girlfriend smiled, one of the only things that Victoria could see in the darkness of the room. "I just heard the news this morning," she said softly.

"And how could you hear this before I could?" Victoria asked, leaning closer to nibble at her neck.

Lola grinned, pushing herself closer to Victoria's wanting mouth. "Honey, it was department head meeting. As Head of the English Department and Editor and Chief of the Centennial Gazette, I have to be quick on my toes," she went on, getting her hand under Victoria's skirt and hooking her fingers inside her lover's panties.

"Wait," Victoria said, feeling her eyebrows knitting together as she spread her legs, positioning herself more comfortably as Lola's fingers found her clit, already wet with excitement. "How are you Editor and Chief?"

Lola giggled. "Harmony Ambrose got expelled for possession. The position fell to me."

Victoria grinned. "That's amazing!" she cried, throwing herself at her lover then, easily slipping her tongue in between her lips. 

Lola grinned at the younger girl's enthusiasm. "Thanks. I can't wait for this to be over."

"The secret meetings?" Victoria asked innocently, proceeding to sway her hips backwards and forwards, so as Lola's finger stimulated her.

Lola nodded, amused at her lover's alluring movements in her attempt to come. "That, and for my employment here to be officially terminated."

Victoria stood on her toes and kissed Lola then, moaning softly into her mouth as she came, so that neither of them heard the squeak of the door opening up behind them.

"Victoria!" cried an all-too familiar voice from the doorway.

At once, her blood ran cold as she instantly broke away from Lola, whose hands whipped out of her panties covertly in the darkness. Shaking, she turned, and saw Gloria, her mother, the Dean of Violetwood Academy, thus making her Lola's boss by default, standing behind her. More than anything, she wanted to die right there on the spot in the backmost library study room.

"Mom..." 

"Do you want to tell me what exactly you're doing?"

"Gloria, I--"

"Lola, please," Gloria replied in a voice which Victoria registered as she would be taking the full blame for this. "I asked you a question," she said, her blue-eyed gaze returning to her older daughter.

Victoria sighed. "Well, Mom, there you have it. Physical evidence of my sexual orientation."

"Your mother and I discussed it at length with you and separately," Gloria replied levelly. "We told you after our initial conversation with you about it that we supported you. What I don't understand is why you didn't tell us who exactly your girlfriend was. Now I can see why you didn't."

Victoria nodded. "I know. I just felt like that since it was so close to graduation that it wouldn't matter."

Gloria sighed. "And when did this whole escapade begin?"

"After my last birthday," Victoria replied, still not making eye contact with Gloria, preferring instead to stare at the ugly carpeting on the floor. "We broke up for a bit and then got back together on prom night."

Gloria threw back her head in an exasperated manner and sighed, covering her face with her hands. She smoothed her perfectly arched eyebrows and lowered her hands slowly, turning her eyes to her daughter and her employee. "I trust nobody else knows about this?"

"Just Grandma and Gran know," came Victoria's soft reply.

Gloria nodded. "Well, since you're going to another school next year, and you're nearly graduated and over eighteen, I won't do or say anything further about it. I hope you know how lucky you are to be close to someone in a position of authority."

"Yes. Thank you," Lola said softly.

Gloria checked to make sure that her pristine bun was still in place before checking her Cartier watch. "And it's time for your physics test in... Oh, ten minutes, Victoria. Better get a move on, now."

"Right," Victoria replied, giving a quick kiss to Lola, which made Gloria look away uncomfortably, and dashed out of there.

Victoria had a difficult time positioning herself just right on the physics stool in the classroom. The blacktop table was cool under her warm fingers, and she slowly pulled her test toward her and removed a pencil from her book bag next to her. Professor Barnes was rambling on about what not to do before a final exam (i.e. not to look at another person's paper, no notes, no starting before the allotted time, etc.) which annoyed her to no end.

Finally, he ceased his never-ending banter about how wonderful the subject of physics was and that you used it constantly in your every day lives. Victoria mentally rolled her eyes, thankful that she hadn't decided to teach high school. When they were finally given the okay to test, she just wanted to get out of there.

Soon it was all over and she could get the hell out of there. Dashing down the hallway, she walked down the four flights of stairs to the main office to pick up her cap and gown. She then ran to the parking lot, getting into her 2014 pink Volvo S60 and sent a quick text to Lola, telling her that she was heading home for the day. 

Once home, Victoria proceeded to meticulously outline her valedictorian speech for the graduation ceremony the following week and lay back on her bed. A text from Murph the lawyer reminded her that she and Gloria had to take Justine to Portland for the end of the year trip to The Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, Washington Park, and the Pittock Mansion. Getting an idea, she called Lola.

"Baby?" she asked.

"Hey," Lola replied.

"Was my mom too hard on you?" Victoria wanted to know. "I mean she didn't..."

Lola giggled on the opposite end of the phone. "No. She just said to be careful about how we show our affection over the next week or so. Then we'll be in Bellingham and nobody will even know the difference."

"What do you get to do this Friday evening?" she asked.

"I have my yoga class in an hour and then not much of anything. Since we only have finals week at this point, I have all of Monday to make the last of the photo copies."

"How's about you bring that fine ass of yours over here after your class?"

"What about your moms?"

"Oh, they're both at Justine's class trip," she replied.

"Sounds like fun."

"Come over right after that movements course is finished," Victoria ordered.

"Can I at least shower first?"

"No. No going home."

"It's at the gym, sweetheart. It would only be another ten minutes."

"Oh, all right," Victoria grumbled sarcastically. "I'll be waiting in this empty house for you."

She hung up the phone and quickly scooted off of the bed. Grabbing a sweater and her wallet, she slipped from her bedroom and down the hall, down the stairs, towards the kitchen door which led directly to the four car garage. She then drove to the mall and purchased a sexy outfit for the evening ahead. She then made one more stop at a local chain of stores called Lust Zone and walked in. She asked for the sex toy section and was directed to the very back wall.

"See anything you like?" asked an employee in his thirties with the nametag Dick.

Victoria tried not to laugh. "Uh, yeah," she replied, reaching outwards and making a grab for the strap on with the biggest cock. She smirked as Dick turned red and walked away, and she shrugged, turning to make her purchase at the counter. 

With traffic getting heavy, she was thankful for the text from Lola that she'd be another twenty minutes, which gave her enough time to run into the market and pick up a dozen red roses beforehand. She hastily returned home after that and immediately went to her en suite bathroom and jumped into the shower. After scrubbing all over her hair and body, she got out. Checking the time, she still had another twenty minutes.

She blow dried her hair, leaving it silky and fluffy down her back. She put on her new lingerie outfit and hid the strap on in her bedside table drawer as she turned to the roses. She broke the petals from their stems and scattered them on her bed, her vanity table, and the floor around her bed. She found her push-button candles in another drawer and put them on her bedside tables and vanity table. Dabbing perfume between her breasts, on her wrists and behind her ears, and then proceeded to do her makeup. She hastily sent a text to Lola telling her to come and find her as she dimmed the lights of her bedroom and climbed center stage on her bed.

She heard the key turn in the lock of the front door a moment later and heard the click of heels. She sensed that Lola was near and positioned herself in a sexy position. She saw the glow of Lola's blonde hair in the hallway and waited with baited breath as her lover stepped into her bedroom.

"Oh, my god..."

"Hey, sexy," Victoria said, giving Lola the half smile she knew that her lover was nuts for.

"Back at you."

"Bring that fine ass over here," Victoria said, leaning forward slightly so as her milky white breasts spilled forth from her white silk bustier.

Lola shivered at that and proceeded to strip down to her matching black lace bra and panties. She stepped onto the bench at the base of Victoria's bed and stepped over the frame. She was instantly grabbed by Victoria, and their mouths were instantly co-mingling in a sudden frenzy of passion. They moaned in each other's mouths, desperately wanting each other.

Lola soon got the better of Victoria and all but threw her down onto her white bedspread. Victoria giggled as Lola lowered her head, her mouth instantly capturing Victoria's. Victoria threw her legs around Lola's waist and proceeded to grind her pussy on Lola's left leg.

"I feel you," Lola whispered against Victoria's lips. "You're already wet..."

"I'm always wet for you," she whispered back, pulling her closer.

Lola pulled down the straps of Victoria's bustier and proceeded to ravage her lover's breasts. She sucked on one nipple while she stroked the next, which quickly hardened at the attention. It didn't take long for Victoria to beg softly for Lola to keep going.

"Go down on me," she said softly. "Lola, baby, please..."

Lola grinned and obliged, gently unclipping her lover's garters. She slipped the stockings from Victoria's shapely legs and gave small kisses to each bit of skin she exposed from the silk. As soon as she'd completely removed the white silk stockings from Victoria's legs, she proceeded to kiss back up her legs, right up to her panties. The lace material clung to Victoria's wet sex, which turned Lola on even more. She lowered her face to her lover's pussy and hastily removed Victoria's panties in one quick movement.

Victoria gasped as Lola's hot breath came down onto her exposed pussy. It caused a shiver within her, which showed as a tremble to Lola. Lola bent down and opened her mouth ever so slightly, making contact with the wet area between her lover's legs. 

"Fuck!" Victoria whispered, immediately making a grab for Lola's head and pulling it closer to her pussy. "Lick me, Lola! Oh fuck... Make me come..."

Lola happily obliged and stuck her tongue out, lapping at Victoria's clit in a greedy fashion. Victoria's clit enlarged then and filled Lola's mouth. Lola pulled away briefly to lick two of her fingers, which were promptly shoved up of Victoria's pussy, causing her to squirm with arousal. Lola made a beckoning motion with her fingers, immediately finding Victoria's g-spot and sending her over the moon.

"Fuck me, yes!" Victoria moaned, having grabbed Lola's head and shoved it onto her clit again. "Oh fuck!" she cried, feeling that she was at the gateway of the point of no return. 

Lola's mouth completely captured Victoria's pussy then, as her lips became drenched and enlarged and all the more sensitive to Lola's wanting mouth. She spread her legs even further then, and Lola began finger fucking her even more quickly than before.

"Fuck me," Victoria said in a lust-filled whisper.

Lola grinned and did just that. "Come on baby," she encouraged. "Come for me. I want you to come for me."

Victoria threw back her head then and screamed as she exploded all around Lola's fingers. Victoria moaned as Lola withdrew her fingers and licked them appreciatively.

"You always taste amazing," Lola said in a husky voice.

Victoria rolled out from under Lola, and smiled at her. She reached out and made sure that her two pillows were stacked, one on top of the other. She patted them and beckoned to Lola, who looked curious. "Lie down there," she ordered softly.

Lola did as she was told. Victoria reached around Lola's smooth back and gently unclipped her bra, then proceeded to remove her black lace panties. She remained silent for a brief moment, allowing Lola to remain naked before her, unsure about what she was going to do next. 

"And what are your plans for me now, Miss Spezia-James?" Lola asked.

"Shut your eyes."

Lola grinned and shut them, placing her hands on her taut stomach. 

Victoria reached into her bedside table drawer, removing the strap on and the lube which had been thrown in to the purchase, which Ben, the kindly gay man who had sold it to her, had assured her was the best on the market. Victoria stepped into the strap on, making sure that everything was buckled in its proper place and that it hung just so from her hips. Careful to be silent, she opened the lube and drizzled some on top and around the shaft of her strap on, before setting it aside.

She climbed onto the bed, careful not to disturb Lola, and rubbed the last of the lube onto Lola's pussy. Lola gave a small gasp and bucked her hips forward in an eager manner, as an elegant smile came onto Victoria's lips. She positioned herself betwixt her lover's legs and allowed the shaft to enter her. Lola immediately allowed her eyes to fly open as she made a grab for Victoria's ass, pulling her more deeply inside her, much to Victoria's amusement.

Victoria began to maneuver herself back and forth, making the stereotypical thrusting movements that she thought Lola would love. Lola felt herself tightening around the shaft as her arousal became too hot to handle, and begged and pleaded for more as she wrapped her legs around Victoria's cream-colored hourglass waist.

Victoria continued to give Lola all that she asked for, all the while thrusting back and forth, the shaft becoming drenched with Lola's pussy juices. It brought Victoria great joy that she could make Lola so happy, and was pleased at last when Lola let out a whimper and came, her arousal dripping down her legs and onto Victoria's hips, causing Victoria to grin in a sense of accomplishment.

"Victoria..."

"Hmm?" came the reply as she removed the sex toy, placed it upon her bedside table, and collapsed next to her lover. "I need to know if you're all right..."

"I'm more than all right," replied Lola, turning to regard Victoria with her bright blue eyes. 

Victoria smiled. "Good."

"I love you." 

Victoria sat up. "Wh... What?"

Lola smiled. "Victoria... I love you. I am head over heels in love with you. I want to be with you forever. I'm..."

Victoria closed the distance between them and kissed her on the lips. Their tongued mingled for a moment before Victoria pulled back. "I love you too, Lola. So much."

***

"And now, ladies and gentleman, I present to you this classes valedictorian, Miss Victoria Charlotte Spezia-James," Gloria announced, giving her daughter a hug as she returned to her seat and watched as Victoria made her way up to the podium.

"Welcome parents, grandparents, siblings, friends, or just random people who wanted to see a bunch of high schoolers in uniform," Victoria began, igniting a chorus of laughter from the audience. "I've been attending Violetwood Academy since I was in the third grade, when my mom's moved us out here so that my mother could become the Dean of the Academy. It was a totally different time zone, with different values, different beliefs, but most of all, it was a chance to completely start over. My biological father is in prison, which is why he lost custody of me when I was a very little girl. My mom's took me in during the trail proceedings and were able to adopt me soon afterwards, giving me a new shot at life. Despite the fact that my mischievous younger sister Justine came along soon thereafter, I never was neglected in any way from their attention, and have never felt more love from them or for them. Family and education is are vry important things, and those things are what bring us together today. To remember that everything is a unit, and that we are here because of our families. We are here because we made the conscious decision to stick it out when things got tough, to remember that things could and are harder from other people, and that studying really does pay off now and then." She paused, allowing the audience to laugh. "We will remember the good times, like when we aced a chemistry midterm; the bad times, like when we did something seemingly normal and we're laughed at for it; and the ugly times, like that embarrassing photo at that party your parents don't know about. These are all snapshots of the high school experience, but something that we won't forget, what we'll never forget, is the people who helped us along the way which was paved for us to really succeed. And to the Violetwood Vikings, I say this: Happy Graduation, and congratulations."

After Victoria's speech, there was some mediocre poetry read that was mistaken for deep; one girl playing a banjo; one guy playing a harpsichord; and the choir singing a song about how great motivation was. Then it was time for the ceremony proper, and, at last, Victoria's name was called. 

"Victoria Spezia-James," said a voice, and she hastened up to the stage again and took the diploma, shaking her mother's hand. 

Finally the ceremony was over. Lola was sitting with Mama and Justine, and they all congratulated her. They had reservations at a waterfront restaurant downtown, and Victoria was eager to get out of her cap and gown after the customary pictures were forcibly taken. Lola and Victoria were going to meet them there, as Justine had to take her medication, and they needed to find Gloria first.

Lola and Victoria walked to Lola's 2014 silver Saab convertible. Victoria climbed into the passenger seat and hastily removed her cap and gown, revealing an elegant strapless knee length black dress with a flared skirt. She shut the door as Lola got in, turning up the air conditioning as they got the hell out of the parking lot.

"Beautiful, as always," Lola said with a smile as the drove downtown.

When they got there, Victoria gave their name and, to her surprise, they were shown to the private room. It was a circular room which had a table in the center with five high-backed chairs, and a view of the water all around them. It was all very breathtaking.

"We have a good ten minutes before they arrive," Lola said quietly.

"Do I need to lock the door?" she asked cautiously.

Lola smiled. "No." She then reached into her pocket and drew out a black velvet box, opening it to reveal a three carat diamond ring with three emeralds on either side of it, going down on one knee in the process. "Victoria Charlotte Spezia-James, I want forever to begin and end with you. Will you do me the privileged honor of marrying me?"

Victoria gasped. "Yes, yes!" she cried, reaching out and lifting Lola to her feet, tears filling her eyes as Lola put the ring onto het finger. "I love you," she said softly, throwing her arms around Lola.
