 'Is This Another Wet Dream?'

It was a cold winter night. Violet and her best friend, Sydney were in the kitchen cooking dinner. "It's just about ready." Violet said. 

"I'll set the table." As Sydney left I couldn't help but watch her walk away 

"Mhm" Violet moaned involuntary. Sydney simply looked back, bit her bottom lip and gave Violet a knowing wink. Violet was shocked by her reaction 'Woah I can't believe that just happened. Nah, it's just another one of my wet dreams. I'll end up waking up rubbing my clit just like so many other nights.' She thought to herself. 

She made her and Sydney a plate of food each and proceeded to the dining room. She sat her plate down first and as she put Sydney's down, Sydney pulled her close and whispered in her ear "I have a surprise for you in the living room after supper." She gently guided Violet down into her chair. Violet couldn't help but grin. Sydney poured more wine into both of their glasses "To us" She proclaimed as she raised her glass. Violet met her glass with Sydney's. As Violet pulled her glass away wine splashed right on her bosom. Sydney looked straight at the droplets rolling down my chest, leaned forward and began licking them off. 

"Ohh. Myy. Gosh." I gasped.

"Go change" she said sensually "Something... Sexy" she let the words roll off her tongue. 

"I wonder what else that tongue can do." I thought aloud.

"You'll find out in just a minute." She said sassily. 

'What has gotten into her?' I asked myself as I got an appropriate outfit. 

I made my way to the living room to find a half naked Sydney curled up by the fireplace. "Is this a dream?" I asked as I entered the room. 

"No, this is real life." She giggled playfully.

"Are you sure?" I smiled "What happened?" 

Sydney smirked "Do you want the truth?" I gave her a nod "I read your journal and I feel the same, I just couldn't hold it in any longer. Please don't be mad." 

Violet stepped forward and kissed Sydney tenderly. "I want you" she said leading Violet to the pallet she made in front of the fire place.

She gently pulled off My top, caressing my tanned breasts softly "Mhmmm..." I moaned softly. I ran my fingers through her light brown hair as she pulled, licked and sucked my nipples. "I can't believe this is real" I moaned to her. She leaned me back, pulled her top off and put her bare body on mine. I gently caressed her breast, trailing my hand along her side, to her hip, then grabbing her plump ass. 

"Mhmmm." She moaned in my ear just before nibbling it, trailing kisses along my neck and jawline, before kissing me. I kissed her deeply, I had been longing for this moment for so many years. 

Our tongues swirled around in unison, exploring one another's mouths. I ran my hand up her back, pulling her even closer. I trailed kisses up and down her neck. I caressed her luscious breasts. Tweaking her darker pink nipples, licking them softly, before giving them a little bite, then sucking the hardened nipple while twisting and pulling the other. "Ohhh... Fuck..." She moaned softly, as she pulled my long black hair.

"I love when you pull my hair, Sydney" I whispered

"I love when you say my name", She moaned. 

Sydney positioned herself where she could pull my panties off, before standing up and pulling hers off as well. "You are a dream..." I said biting my bottom lip. 

She licked her lips "I think I'm ready for desert." She said looking at my tingling pussy. 

"Oh my..." I moaned. She began teasing me, gently biting my nipples, tweaking them, trailing soft kisses down my body, biting me every so often. I was loving it, this was the ultimate wet dream, and I'm pretty sure it's true.

I moaned her name softly "Sydney... Sydney... Sydney." She was driving my mind foggy with pleasure, all I could think about is how good She was making me feel, all I could think about was Sydney.

She kissed the inside of my thighs, finally trailing up to kiss my long-awaiting lips. She gently licked the top of my moist slit. "Oh Sydney" I moaned. It seemed to fuel her, she began lapping at my clit, sucking it, gently biting it. She began finger-fucking me with two fingers. She leaned up and gave me a devious smirk as she proceed to put her fingers to my lips. I bit my bottom lips and gently grabbed her wrists pulling her soaking fingers to my opened mouth, I sucked my sweet juices from her long fingers, "Mhmm." I moaned as her thin fingers popped out of my mouth.

She bit her bottom lip and leaned in to give me a loving kiss. Our tongues intertwined with one another. "You are so sweet." She whispered before she began teasing me once more. She was biting my neck, softly trailing kisses down my chest until she reached my nipples, kissing and biting them. I felt her rubbing my clit ever so softly, teasing my senses. She trailed kisses from my rib cage to my hips. She bit my hips softly, before reaching the top of my slit, I felt her orgasmic tongue slip inside me once more. 

"Sydney" I moaned as she sucked my clit. She worked her soft tongue into my wet pussy. Lapping up all my juices, as I ran my fingers through her curly hair. "I'm about to cum, Sydney!" I screamed

"Cum for me, Violet!" She moaned. That's all I needed, my hips bucked violently as my orgasm overcame me, Sydney pushed her head into my pussy as she lapped up all my juices. "You're a squirter?" She asked the rhetorical question.

"Yes?" I answered reluctantly, feeling embarrassed until she began lapping up the rest of my juices. 

"Violet, relax, that's sexy as fuck." She said seriously. 

"Really?" I questioned she answered me by kissing my pussy.

I flipped her over "I've been dreaming of this day for many years, Sydney." I said biting my bottom lip "Let me take care of you." She moaned softly as reply. I kissed her neck softly, biting her every so often, trailing down to her breast caressing one, while entertaining the other with my gentle biting, sucking the hard nipple, swirling my tongue around it. Sydney moaned loudly, I was getting off on how much pleasure I was giving her. I began teasing her just as she teased me before. She was very much enjoying the torturous pleasure. I let my tongue slip into her slit. She was so sweet, I spread her lips with my fingers and began swirling my tongue around her clit, before sucking it into my mouth, I was enjoying the taste of her moist pussy, I began fingering her as I lapped up her sweet love juices. 

"Violet..." she moaned loudly. I pulled my fingers out of her and sucked her juices off, savoring her sweetness. She bit her bottom lip, pulling me to her "You're a dirty little bitch." She moaned softly in my ear.

"You love it." I smirked at her. 

"Oh, but I do." She pulled me in to a hot kiss. Our tongues intertwined with such fierce passion. I caressed her breast once more rolling the hard nipple. Sydney moaned into my mouth, I began trail kisses down her body until I reached her moist pussy once again.

"I love your sweet pussy" I said before penetrating her pussy with my tongue. 

"Violet!" She screamed as she pulled my dark hair. I lapped up all her warm wetness, until she came for me. I licked every bit of her pretty pussy until all the moistness was gone.

I crawled up to lay beside her. Pulling her into an erotic kiss. She rolling on top of me, straddling me. I could feel her warmth against my wetness. She began grinding me, positioning herself to scissor me. As we move our bodies together, I feel our tight pussies rubbing together, our wetness working together to combine the sweetness nectar imaginable. We screamed out together with passion. Trapped within our deepest and darkest desires. We were slaves to our fantasies, and we were loving it. I reached down, teasing her clit. Her face distorted with pleasure, "Yes, Violet!" She moaned loudly. 

"You like that don't you?" I smiled proudly. I let my fingers drift lower, I felt our sticky juices cover my fingers. I had the taste the sweet concoction. "Mhmmmm" I moaned as I licked my fingers clean. 'God that was sweet.' I thought.

"Please, come sit on my face." She whined. She is so goddamn sexy. I obliged, "You got a fat ass" she moaned as she grabbed my ass. She pulled my pussy to her face and wasted no time lapping up all of our hot juices. I didn't take my time either, I had to get another taste of Our sweet love juices. I was addicted to this, addicted to her.

I began flicked her clit with my tongue, spreading her pink lips apart to lick up all the wetness. I worked down lapping up every bit of juice I could get from her, I felt like a drunk on the last call at the bar. I was drunk off of her, she was better than any joint I've ever smoked. I wanted her, every day, I wanted her to be mine. She knew just how to eat me, god she knows how to use that tongue! She skillfully flicked my click, nibbling it, gently sucking it, working her way down gracefully licking up all our sweet cream. 

"Sydney" I moaned into her pussy. She rubbed my clit gently with thumb shoving two fingers in my pussy, fingering me. She began gently licking the rim of my asshole, as her hand worked skillfully at my dampening pussy. She licked softly at it, working her way into it. With her other hand she began rubbing it with her thumb. I moaned loudly, to let her know I was enjoying this new type of affection. She gently worked her index finger into my ass. "Yes," my moans soon began growing louder and louder, I was enjoying this very much. I was so close to having another orgasm, she was working on me so hard. "Oh fuck, Sydney!" I screamed as I held tightly to her. 

When I overcame my orgasm, I fingered her fiercely, licking her pink pussy, I wanted to taste her. She lapped up my juices as I was trying to get more of hers. I teased her, gently running my tongue up and down her slit. She moaned softly, I sucked her clit, nibbling it gently. I lapped at her, penetrating her until she finally blew, I lapped up the rest of sweet juices. She slapped my ass "You're mine now" she said. I crawled up beside her kissing her gently before dozing off to sleep.

I woke the next morning still naked and in the living room, but with no sign of Syndey. 'Was it all just another wet dream?' She asked herself as she walked to the restroom. She walked into the kitchen to get a drink of water to find Sydney. Naked, and cooking breakfast. "So I'm yours now?" I asked biting my bottom lip. 

She turned around pulling me into a hot kiss "Go set the table." She said slapping my ass as I walked away. "That's my fat ass now." She moaned to me as I slipped around the corner.