 The cleaning girl, Monica, had arrived early on Friday afternoon. "Good afternoon, Ms. Stephens." Monica said.

"Please, call me Jennifer."

Opening the door to her two thousand square foot home, the tall, statuesque woman smiled at her cleaning girl. The eldest daughter of a neighbor down the street, Monica had grown into an incredibly sexy young woman. Jennifer shut the door behind her and stared dreamily at the young woman, shaking her head slightly. Only a few months over eighteen and soon going off for college, Monica wore a skin tight pair of worn out jeans and a ragged t-shirt. The pants had a few small holes in them as well, through which Jennifer could glimpse some of the young woman's delightfully pale flesh.

Following Monica into the kitchen, Jennifer watched in admiration as she bent over to pick something up, a piece of food, or perhaps a small hair. The house was fantastically spotless ever since the young woman had started cleaning three days a week for Jennifer and her husband, Rick. He was frequently out of town on business and Jennifer had taken to admiring the young woman's body as she cleaned. Jennifer's heart fluttered as she saw the outline of the girl's ass. Bent almost double, Monica had a tight body, the kind that made everybody turn their heads, just to make sure they were seeing what they imagined.

Feeling excited, Jennifer briefly touched her own mound beneath her skirt, cupping the warm flesh. While she held her fingers between her legs, Jennifer watched as the girl stood, the tight pants leaving nothing about the shape of Monica's firm butt to the imagination. Face flushing, Jennifer started to move her hand inside her skirt when the young woman spoke.

"I'm going to start in here today," Monica said, not looking back. She strutted to the sink and opened up the counter, to drop whatever she had picked up in the trash. Jennifer stared at the young woman's backside, continuing to push her fingers beneath her skirt. Overwhelmed with the desire to touch herself, she stood in the hallway, watching the young woman start the dishes. Admiring the long, light brown hair cascading down Monica's back, Jennifer wondered if the young woman would freak out if she tried to seduce her. For her age, the girl seemed remarkably ignorant at times.

In contrast to Monica's shiny, flowing light brown locks, Jennifer had an auburn shade that curled lightly around her face. A few freckles shone against her rather pale skin, where the younger girl showed some freckles, Monica also had a healthy light tan from being out in the sun that summer. While standing in the hallway, one hand buried under her green, loose skirt, Jennifer decided to try something.

"Monica," Jennifer said, watching as the younger woman set down a plate to dry on the counter. The sink was spraying water on full blast. "Oh my god," Jennifer said, just as she started to insert a finger inside the folds of her slick outer labia.

Turning around quickly, Monica had a worried expression on her face. The next plate she picked up sprayed water all over her chest and pants, splashing on the floor a bit as well. Embarrassed, the startled teen looked back at the sink and set the plate down, turning off the water. Beneath her light tan, Jennifer could see the pink staining Monica's cheeks.

"What's the matter?" Monica asked, turning around again, surreptitiously wiping herself with the kitchen towel. Her white shirt was clinging to her perky breasts, revealing the teen forgot to wear a bra. Jennifer's breath quickened as she saw Monica's tiny, pink nipples pressed against the sheer top.

"How would you like to do me a special favor?" Jennifer asked, not removing her hand from her pants but keeping it there, one finger slowly moving along the length of her mount, bottom to top. "I think I have some clothes that might fit you," Jennifer continued, sighing as she removed her hand from her skirt, just before the finger reached her clitoris. "How about I help you get changed while I explain?"

The teen's eyes grew wide when Jennifer removed the hand from her skirt, she could see the moist, wet sheen of something on the older woman's finger. Swallowing visibly, Monica looked slightly shaken as she realized the older woman had been touching herself, watching.

"Sure," Monica said, voice cracking. "I don't have to lift anything heavy, do I?" Monica shrugged, the petite girl's movements emphasizing her delicate frame.

Jennifer gave a throaty chuckle, shaking her head. The curled locks swept back as Jennifer strode forward to drape an arm around the younger woman's waist. She was several inches taller than the younger woman, while in fantastic shape, her chest and hips were larger. Next to Jennifer, Monica seemed even more a tense, insecure teen. Grabbing her charge around the waist, Jennifer started to escort the younger girl back towards the hallway, so that they could walk up stairs to the older woman's bedroom.

"No, you don't have to do any heavy lifting," Jennifer commented, giving the younger girl's waist a squeeze as they walked. "But you will have to strip," Jennifer said, starting to climb the stairs, letting go of the teen. "So you can change."

The younger woman frowned nervously as Jennifer ascended the stairs ahead of her. The green skirt swished back and forth in front of her and unless she was imagining it, Jennifer's nipples were hard underneath the older woman's lighter green top. Monica knew that some people were attracted to the same sex but in the small town she lived in, any of the girls that might have come out of the closet had kept it to themselves in Monica's school. Knowing that Jennifer was married confused her, as the older woman was very attractive. Shouldn't her husband have been satisfying her enough so she did not have to touch herself?

Jennifer disappeared into the bedroom first, heading to her walk in closet. "Just take off all your wet clothes," she called over her shoulder, not looking back to see if Monica started to strip or not. Puzzling over the woman's arousal, Monica finally remembered that her employer's husband was frequently out of town and had been gone for a few weeks. Maybe that's why she was touching herself, Monica thought, maybe she had been interrupted by Monica's own arrival?

Taking the t-shirt off was harder than it should have been, as the thin, white fabric clung tightly to her nubile form. Once half naked, Monica felt the room heat up and looked down. Her own nipples had perked up, the small, pink aureolas stiffening and jutting out from her firm breasts. For a moment, Monica's own fingers strayed over the tips of her nipples, idly caressing them. She pinched one, then giggled, shaking her head. The swollen nipples shrank slightly as Monica felt embarrassment, worried Jennifer might have noticed her casual masturbatory gesture. Swiftly, she started unfastening her slacks, peeling the blue, tattered pants off of her hips and down to her ankles.

Bent over, Monica had not seen Jennifer depart the closet and walk quietly around her, admiring the younger woman's nearly naked body. Jennifer noticed Monica's tight white cotton panties. They clung to the younger woman's ass so tightly, Jennifer thought she could see where her pink pussy started and ended. Amazed, Jennifer noticed that the young woman had either shaved or waxed completely, her pussy bald underneath the thin white fabric. Hands full of some clothing, Jennifer set her bundle down on the bed as Monica straightened, kicking the slacks to the side. Jennifer could feel her own cunt start to get warm again, after her brief self exploration downstairs, she was ten times as excited now that the younger woman was nearly naked in her room.

As Monica stood straight, she turned around, face flushing completely. "Jennifer," Monica stammered as she hid her breasts with one hand, putting her right hand over the nearly transparent cloth covering her pussy, "I didn't hear you come out."

Jennifer reached out gently and pried Monica's hand off of her breasts, shaking her head slightly. "Monica," the older woman said, "I have breasts too. This is not the first time I have seen another woman's." Monica felt less embarrassed and allowed her to pull her hand to her side, revealing her chest. "Take a look at these," Jennifer said, turning to the pile of clothes on her bed. "You're a lot more petite than I am but I have a few things which might fit. At least for the day."

Nodding, Monica tried took a deep breath and stopped covering her pubic mound to pick at the clothes on the bed. Jennifer's face had flushed slightly at the mention of seeing another woman's breasts and Monica did not know what that meant. She herself had admired many girls in high school in the gym showers or after cross country practice. On the team, most of the girls had even smaller breasts than Monica, which had made her proud of her petite, b-cup boobs.

As Monica turned to the clothing pile on the bed, Jennifer bit her lip, wondering how she could manipulate the younger woman into doing her bidding. Between her legs, Jennifer felt like she was on fire, desperate to finish what she started in the hallway. While watching the young woman pick through a few skimpy outfits, she could not decide if she wanted to try touching her now or wait until she realized what she had hidden amongst the clothes on the bed. Jennifer stood next to the younger woman and stared out the window briefly, considering. I might never get a better opportunity, Jennifer realized. Now or never.

"Monica," Jennifer said, still staring out the window, "I was playing with myself in the hallway, while you were doing the dishes. I'm sorry."

"That's okay," Monica said, "Your husband has been away for a while. I would be frustrated, too." She was holding a tight black top against her chest, to see if it would fit. The material was almost spandex and would stretch.

Jennifer felt her heart skip a beat as Monica said she understood. "Do you ever get frustrated, Monica?"

"Sure," Monica said absently, tossing the black spandex top on the bed. "But I don't have a boyfriend, so, I'm out of luck." The teen picked up a pair of workout pants, also in black and then tossed those to the side. "I tried to touch myself, once," Monica muttered, grabbing the next item off the bed. "However, it did not feel nearly as good as my friends said when they tried it. I was so frustrated that night, I vowed I would get a boyfriend."

"Did you?" Jennifer was intrigued, she had never discussed the younger woman's love life, or sex life, before.

Monica's shoulders slumped while she looked at a blue top. "No," she sighed, "I mean, I like plenty of the boys, but, I think I was meant to find the one at college." The blue top she pressed to her chest and she turned to Jennifer. "Does this look okay?"

Turning back to face the younger girl, Jennifer nodded, "That will fit fine, I think. I wear it to bed sometimes."

"You can fit into this?" Monica gasped, surprised. Her cheeks flushed as her brown eyes stared into Jennifer's green ones, "Sorry, I mean, you're not fat or anything." Crimson flooded her cheeks when she finished, eyes wide. "Oh my god! I can't say anything right!"

Chuckling throatily, Jennifer shook her head, smiling. "I know what you mean," Jennifer said, "Here, let me show you." Without another word, the older woman stripped out of her top, showing her full, firm breasts and delicate pink nipples. They were only slightly hidden beneath a cream colored, lacy bra. "They are bigger than yours," Jennifer said, holding her hands under her bra covered nipples, pushing them out less than a foot away from the younger woman's chin. A half step back and Jennifer stood straight, running her hands down her stomach. "However, I'm not fat, and I don't take offense to the comment. You haven't seen me workout before, have you?"

Monica's blush crept away slowly as she caught herself looking, for too long, at Jennifer's large breasts. They had a few freckles but Monica could not remember seeing a more perfect pair of tits. They were big, round and would fill even more than her hand, maybe even two hands. "I've always wanted bigger boobs," Monica whispered, face heating up again as she saw just how flat Jennifer's stomach was. "What kind of exercise do you do? You look amazing."

"I've been into yoga for over a decade," Jennifer said, putting her hands on her hips and cocking one to the side as the younger woman appraised her physique. "Thank you for the compliment. You must work out, too. Most girls your age aren't nearly as trim. What's your secret?"

Monica seemed to have forgotten she was clad only in her white cotton panties, watching her boss, almost half naked. "I do cross country," she said, standing straight. "I finished first in state this year." A note of pride entered her voice as she stood straighter, her perky breasts standing tall. "I'm the fastest girl on the team."

Jennifer watched the young woman stand there, tits jutting out and full of her accomplishments and knew that one way or another, she would have her. Tearing her eyes away from Monica's delicious frame, Jennifer looked at the bed and smiled, noticing the very end of her surprise was peaking out of one of the other pairs of pants. An idea crossed her mind and she reached behind herself, fingers searching for the clasp of her bra. Monica stood tall, shoulders back, lithe frame covered only by the slowly drying white cotton panties, watching as her boss slipped the cream colored bra off. Massive breasts exposed, Monica stared at Jennifer's chest, almost forgetting to breath.

"What do you think?" Jennifer asked, cupping her full breasts. "My tits are completely natural," Jennifer proclaimed, lifting them lightly. Leaning her head down, the nipples were so close to her mouth, Jennifer was tempted to lick one, just to see what the girl would do.

"Wow," Monica breathed, staring at Jennifer, full breasts occupying her full attention. "I have never seen such perfect breasts." Crimson again flushed Monica's cheeks and Jennifer noticed the teen's nipples perk up, stiffening once more. "I expected your aureola's to be larger," Monica commented, unable to help saying more. "They look the same size as mine. But your tits are so much bigger!"

Jennifer chuckled, running a finger around the areola of one firm, voluptuous breast. The pink nipple stiffened instantly as Jennifer continued to idly circle the nipple, enjoying the sensation, especially the audience. She pretended to have forgotten Monica was watching and tugged at the nipple, having teased herself more than enough.

"Do your nipples feel good when they get touched?" Jennifer asked, rolling the pink, swollen nipple between her thumb and forefinger.

Monica swallowed, feeling hot and suddenly remembering her near nakedness. The question bothered her less than her nudity and since Jennifer seemed genuinely curious, Monica looked back at the bed to hide the flush heating her cheeks. "Yes," Monica replied, pulling a pair of pants out of the pile. "However, I've only done it a few times. I can't seem to orgasm by myself," Monica whispered, throwing the pants down and picking up another pair, even smaller.

Looking back at Jennifer, Monica's eyes grew troubled, shining with wetness. "I'm still a virgin."

Jennifer stopped touching her breasts and let her hands fall, staring at the slender little nymph. That makes sense, she thought, in so many ways. Aloud, she said, "That's completely okay. I was over twenty when I first had sex. There is no need to rush."

Monica nodded, smiling and feeling overwhelming gratitude. If they weren't naked, she would have given Jennifer a hug right then. Jennifer walked over and pulled the object she hid out of the pile, showing it to Monica wordlessly. "Here," Jennifer said, handing Monica a slim, glass dildo. The phallus was about six inches long and ribbed in concentric circles. Staring, Monica had heard about dildos, but never seen one in person.

"What is that for?" Monica asked, but she suspected. Her thighs grew heated as she imagined using the thing to please herself, finally achieving her first orgasm. "Wouldn't it hurt?" Jennifer shook her head, cupping both of Monica's hands around the device.

"No, it would not hurt. It feels very good, in fact." Jennifer reached out, gently, to caress Monica's cheek as she stepped even closer, intentionally invading the teen's personal space. "I can help you learn how to use it," Jennifer whispered, one hand reaching out to brush a stray lock of light brown hair away from the teen's cute face. "Shall I show you something?" Monica nodded, looking up into Jennifer's eyes, curious what the older woman would do.

"Lay down," Jennifer asked gently, "Let me help you." Monica nodded, still curious, and got on the bed to lay down. She put her head on a pillow, laying on top of the comforter, and kept her legs pressed tightly together. After a moment, Monica seemed to relax, the tension draining from her stomach and legs as she allowed them to spread apart slightly, no longer clenching the muscles to press them together. Jennifer could not believe the teen was willing to lay there, awaiting her pleasure, with no idea what the older woman had in mind. Smiling encouragingly, Jennifer decided to keep her skirt on for the moment, desperate to keep Monica under whatever trance she was in.

Monica watched as Jennifer climbed up on the foot of the huge bed, kneeling down next to her. The strange glass dildo was in Jennifer's right hand, her left caressed the outside of the younger woman's hips. Having been unsuccessful more than a dozen times in trying to make herself orgasm, Monica found the idea of a teacher somewhat gratifying. Watching the full figured Jennifer caress her thigh relaxed her and seeing the full, pink nippled tits of her boss naked in front of her made the young teen feel like this was all a dream. Ms. Stephens is really nice, Monica thought, I can't believe she is going to help me to orgasm. Her pink, delicious looking cunt showed in detail through the wet cotton panties, with her legs parted slightly now, Jennifer could hardly wait to taste.

With her free hand, Jennifer started to caress the young teen's inner thighs, which made Monica jump on the bed. Ms. Stephens flashed her most beguiling smile and Monica relaxed again, the butterflies in her stomach fading away. The short nails of Jennifer's fingers raised goose pimple's on the teens thighs and her pubic mound was getting heated. The thin cotton panties were wetter now than they had been as she climbed the stairs. Inhaling deeply, Jennifer could smell the sweet, musky odor of the young woman's desire. Her hands spread the younger woman's legs wider still, until she was spread eagled on the bed, her head resting on the pillows, pink nipples straining, fully erect. Jennifer had never seen a more delicious, sexy sight in her life.

"What are you going to do?" Monica whispered, her eyes shining, as she lifted her knees slightly with her legs spread. "I'm a virgin," Monica continued, brown eyes pleading, "Can you help teach me without..." trailing off, Monica stopped talking, not wanting to ask about keeping her hymen intact directly.

"It's okay," Jennifer said, shifting position to kneel between the younger woman's legs. The green, frilly skirt was the only thing that separated Jennifer from full nudity, her g-string had been discarded while she hunted around in the closet. "First, let me show you what I usually do." Green eyes bright, Jennifer lifted the skirt and pulled it off of her head while kneeling. The statuesque older woman had a trim, muscular physique, without any excess fat. Her curves were still full, with the kind of body that would turn anybody's head. Monica felt herself grow hotter still, staring at the older woman kneeling between her legs.
