 Kelly's awareness slowly increased as her senses began to awaken. She could feel the slow even rising and falling of the taut flesh were her head rested. She could feel the soft, neatly trimmed pubic hair tickling her nose and lips. The skin on her face felt tight from the dried cum of her earlier feast. The aroma of the first pussy she had ever made love to filled her nostrils. Kelly inhaled deeply and savoured Sandra's essence sighed and felt her body quiver. 

Sandra was still sleeping and as Kelly looked up between her full breasts she could see a contented smile on her friends face. She looked back down to Sandra's sex and let her fingers run through the golden curls. She let her fingertips slowly trace the outer lip of one side than the other. Watching as her slight touch instantly made the lips start to swell and deepen in colour. She kissed lightly were the lips parted and wondered how did she get so lucky to have found some one like Sandra.

Kelly could feel the heat in her own crotch grow as she contemplated Sandra's clit snuggled in the folds of the inner lips. Lightly swirling her tongue around the nub she moved back slightly to watch it expand. The wave of ecstasy that ran through her body enforced her feelings that her newfound sexuality was just what she needed to fill a void that had unknowingly been part of her. 

Sandra moaned and Kelly smiled up to her to see she appeared still asleep. She noticed the fleshy coloured dildo poking out from under the pillow where it had been hidden. At first the sight repulsed her but looking back at Sandra's face a thought came to her. Sandra had had men before in her life and a fear over came her that she might one day lose her lover to a man. She reached up and pulled it out and set it down between Sandra's legs and looked at it. She swallowed back the disgust she had for this thing thinking that she would need to overcome her aversion if she ever wanted to keep her lover forever.

The rubber phallus was well over a foot long and it surprised her to see that it had glands at both ends. She would have to ask why about that sometime. She held it about an inch from the end and rubbed the tip along Sandra's slit. It pulled at the flesh with its dryness. Looking up at Sandra's face she thought to herself, "God, I can't believe I'm doing this." She took the end into her mouth to wet it. She gagged at first thinking of the incident with her cousin but never the less she braved on wanting to satisfy her lover completely.

When she thought it was slick enough with spit Kelly pushed her face into her lover's pussy, inhaling deeply and slurping on the folds of pussy meat until she felt better. Sandra moaned once again so Kelly stopped licking. She didn't want her to know what she was doing until it was done. Making sure she still slept she rubbed the fake cock along Sandra's slit. With her free hand, Kelly spread the lips open and found the opening of her vagina. Kelly slowly forced the dildo in stopping as the glands disappeared to look up at Sandra. Her breathing started to deepen and a groan escaped her. Slowly pulling it almost out before pushing it back in deeper Kelly found that she was getting wetter and the shaking she felt was from the excitement that began coursing through her body.

"I'm fucking my lover." She thought to herself as she felt her body tremor.

Kelly moved up onto her knees as she sawed the fake cock in and out of Sandra's cunt as already over half of it slid easily in.

"Oh God," Sandra suddenly moaned startling Kelly into stopping, "No, don't stop."

Both girls were shaking with desire as Kelly continued. Sandra's breathing came in gasps as she quickly neared her orgasm.

"Deeper Kelly, faster," Sandra groaned in a hoarse whisper as sweat appeared on her face.

Kelly doubled her efforts, holding onto the very end she drove the fake cock as deep as she could as fast as her arms could move. In moments Sandra's hips were bouncing of the bed in rhythm to the thrusts she felt.

Sandra pulled a pillow over her head and screamed her orgasm into and clamped her legs together pulling her knees up she rolled onto her side. Her body shook with the tremors that spread out through her body.

Kelly watched in amazement at the intensity of the orgasm she just gave her friend and stroked her back softly in comfort. Looking down to where only the very tip of the dildo protruded from between the tightly clamped legs Kelly could see it twitching with some force of Sandra's convulsing body. She felt an urge and following it, reached out to hold it. She couldn't understand why, she just had too. So lying behind Sandra she slowly took it into her mouth. She could taste Sandra's juices, she told herself it was Sandra's cock and she could do anything for her as her body shivered feeling the convulsions of Sandra's orgasm through the fake cock.

When Sandra's senses returned to almost normal she could feel Kelly's breath between her legs. Propped on one elbow she looked down as she opened her legs. A small orgasm made her tremble when she saw what Kelly was doing.

"You look so cute dear," Sandra cooed, " But if you don't stop I'm going to pee in your face."

They giggled, and Kelly said, "I dare you too." Before taking the dildo's end back into her mouth.

"I should you nasty girl," She teased, " but I'm the one how'll have to explain why my sheets are pissed in."

Kelly watched as Sandra got off the bed pulled a cotton sundress over her head while she donned a baggy tracksuit.

"Aren't you going to take it out before you go to the john?" Kelly asked.

"No," she replied, "You're the one who put it there, while I was asleep I might add, so you are the one who's going to take it out." Kelly stared open mouthed when she continued, "Besides I've got something that I want do with it later. Close your mouth if your coming with me dear or else people might think your simple."

Sandra laughed and leaving the door open started off to the washroom. Kelly followed wondering how she would pee with that big thing stuck up inside her hoping no one else would be there so she could watch. Before she caught up she noticed that Sandra's hips undulated more than usual and wondered if was from her orgasm or the cock she had hidden between her legs.

Sandra took the last stall and left the door wide open. Kelly stood facing her and watched as she lifted her dress and straddled the toilet bowl. The dildo had sipped out about a couple of inches.

"Don't be shy dear," Sandra whispered, " come and get a close look, that's what you want."

Kelly looked up at her roommate and shivered taking two steps closer. Sandra placed a hand on her shoulder and forced her downwards until she kneeled in front with her eyes in line with her pussy.

Kelly watched, as the dildo seemed to twitch before a dribble of urine started to slowly gain force and become a thick stream. Sandra sighed and felt Kelly lean in closer feeling her breath quicken on her upper thighs.

Watching as her lovers pee engulfed the protruding fake cock Kelly realized she was extremely turned on. Her shaking hands slid up the back of Sandra's legs and moulded to her ass cheeks as she leaned towards the golden flow. As the stream dissipated she extended her tongue until she tasted the hot salty fluid. Sandra gasped, a fantasy had just came true for her as Kelly lapped at her crotch.

Then they heard the outer door open, Kelly dove under the partition of the next stall. Luckily the door was shut because she could feel the hot flush that spread over her cheeks and knew they were red under the layer of piss that still dripped from her chin. She felt embarrassed at almost getting caught, but also there was exhilaration at what she had just done. She had felt on the verge of an orgasm and hadn't even touched herself. It was so dirty and nasty and yet she knew she couldn't wait to do it again and smiled to herself with a shiver of lust.

Looking down she saw Sandra's hand and grasped it, "Wait until I get you back to our room you dirty girl." She whispered through the wall. "Don't you dare wipe yourself either."

Kelly shivered at the thought of what Sandra had planned while she relieved herself before they headed back to their room.

As soon as the door shut Sandra dropped to her knees behind Kelly and pulled her pants down to her ankles. She rubbed and squeezed the firm smooth cheeks.

"Bend over and grab your ankles." She ordered.

With a giggle she complied and watched from between her legs as Sandra first sniffed then moved down to lick her inner thighs upwards stopping as the tip of her nose brushed her outer labia. Shaking with ecstasy Kelly felt herself falling over before she felt hands grip her upper thighs pulling her back directly onto Sandra's face as she licked and sucked ever inch moaning all the while. She was so excited that within moments her knees went rubbery and she fell into a heap of quivering flesh in front of the kneeling Sandra.

"I never felt anything so good before." Kelly sighed in contentment.

Sandra smiled down and chuckled, "I'm not finished with you yet lover. You started something and I'm going to finish it."

"I don't think I could move right now." She replied.

"You won't have to." Sandra leered down with grin.

Standing and removing her dress Sandra pulled the limp girl to the bed and placed her in the middle. Kelly noticed that the fake cock seemed about halfway out now and it glistened in the light from her juices. Sandra placed a foot on either side of her head and lowered herself until the phallus was just above her lips.

"You want to suck my girly cock lover?" She cooed.

Kelly reached up with her tongue and tasted the combination of pussy and piss on it and with a nervous voice answered, "Yes."

"Then ask for it"

Kelly was shaking as she realized she was turned on by the passive role she was falling into, "Yes, please, let me suck on it Sandra." 

"Suck on what?"

"Your girly cock, please Sandra let me suck on your girly cock." She found herself pleading with lust.

As she strained her tongue up again, Sandra lowered half of the exposed dildo into her mouth. Kelly gagged at first until she closed her eyes and pretended that it was just Sandra's clit invading her mouth. Sandra rose and fell fucking her lover's mouth for a few minutes. Leaving just the glands between Kelly's lips she reached down and pulled her legs up until Kelly was balanced on her shoulders with her thighs resting on either side of her own head.

"Do you like sucking my girly cock baby?" she asked.

All Kelly could do was moan around fake penis as Sandra sucked her clit into her mouth.

"Wait until you see, or rather feel what I've got planned for you next."

Sandra stood letting Kelly's legs slide over her shoulders so that her toes touched the mattress beside her head. Holding the girls hips up she straddled her and looked back down to Kelly.

"Are you ready lover?" she asked the frightened face behind her.

"I'm not sure." She replied with a quavering voice.

"Don't worry dear, I'll be gentle for your first time, unless you say something different dear."

Before Kelly could say anything else Sandra drove the fake cock about two inches deep into Kelly's exposed vagina. Kelly gasped never having anything bigger than a finger or two inside her before and she felt like she had been split in two.

Sandra looked at Kelly's face and asked, "Do you want me to stop?"

Kelly wasn't sure what to say at first but when she opened her eyes and looked into Sandra's she knew instantly that she wanted to give herself in a way that she never thought she would give herself to anyone.

"Please Sandra," she replied her voice breaking with emotion, " Take me, and make me a woman."

Sandra managed to spin herself so that she looked straight into Kelly's eyes. She saw the desirer she felt in herself Slowly she began to rise until just the head stayed buried and pushed back in until she felt the restriction of Kelly's hymen. She kept up her slow movements until she sensed that her lover had started to relax and begin to enjoy being penetrated. Kelly was moaning now and her eyes became glassy as Sandra rubbed circles around her clit with a finger.

Just as it appeared that Kelly was nearing an orgasm Sandra stopped, smiled down at her lover and drove the fake cock down until their pussies mashed together. Sandra's hips vibrated with Kelly's as she bit down on her hand to stop the scream she felt coming. But it wasn't the one of pain she expected at loosing her hymen but one of ecstasy as she orgasmed with Sandra as she drove the fake cock in and out until her legs gave out. She slumped against the wall the penis dragged Kelly with her until she turned and pulled herself out from under Sandra. They both lay side-by-side catching their breath and held each other, basking in the after glow of their mutual orgasms. Kelly stared into Sandra's eyes trying to decide if this was just lust she felt or was it love

They stayed like that for a while, faces close enough to feel each other's warm breath softly caressing the others face. They both sighed simultaneously and giggled breaking their trance.

"I've never felt this satisfied or content before." Sandra whispered.

"I wish we had done this sooner." Kelly giggled and blushed.

"You're pretty naughty for a virgin." Sandra smiled turning Kelly's blush darker.

"Kelly I could this with you for ever. I don't think I could be happy again with man."

Kelly beamed at Sandra and a tear fell from the corner of eye.

"Why are you crying?" Sandra asked.

"I'm just so happy." She replied, "Sandra, I think I'm in love with you."

"I don't think dear, I know I'm in love with you."

They stared into each other's misted eyes before smiling and then kissed a deep soulful kiss of only which lovers could share. Each silently wishing it would always be this way forever.