 This is the first piece of erotic literature that I ever wrote. It was for a friend who was doing a written art piece on the vagina and she wanted me to write something for her. Most people who have ever read it were surprised by the ending as they assumed her lover was a man. I hope you enjoy it as much as you have my other submissions.

Keep reading, writing, and voting.

Thanks

Shaved_wench 

Vision One

Facing the mirrored door I remove my clothes. The tiny strip of white seemingly transparent against the dark mound that it covers. Stray, curly hairs escape beneath the elastic tickling my inner thighs. Sitting on the bed, I spread my legs. My vagina looks dark and mysterious, a mass of tangled hair, poking through the thin material, peeking around the edges. I pull the material taut and a glimpse of flesh can be seen. My lips are poking prominently against the silky patch of my panties. The wider I spread my legs the smaller the panties get till hair and flesh can be seen creeping underneath the elastic. I stand and remove my panties... hair springs to life like a caged monster released from captivity. I part the hair and can see the pale skin beneath the hair... the stark contrast of black and white... negative and positive space. 

The request runs through my head. The need to explore more. Sit... spread legs... more flesh is revealed Lips almost pouting in expression. Hair growing sparse as I run my finger down my pouting lips and spread them wide with my fingers. Even here there are wayward wanderers. They blanket my wondrous little nub hidden between my supple pink lips. They dance around my womanly hole, like Indian princesses gathering the wet dew that leaks from within. A subtle expression of my excitement knowing the act that I am about to perform to please you. 

Vision Two

Sitting on the ledge of the sunken tub facing the mirrored wall, materials needed lined in a row beside me, like instruments for a surgical procedure. An operatic transformation. Small blue handled scissors, pink plastic razor, a can of shaving cream for sensitive skin, round hand mirror, white fluffy wash cloth and towel. The request flutters once through my mind as I spread the towel in the empty tub between my legs and pick up the blue handled scissors. My hands take a clump of curly hair and the scissors move to the base... Snip! 

Multiple snips later... 34 years of growth lie on the white towel and flesh not seen since early puberty is exposed. I spread my lips, nub clearly visible I rub it bringing dew from my watering hole. My Indian princesses now merely black dots on pink flesh can't catch and hold it, so it travels down my fleshy vagina, resting wetly on my seated bottom. Reaching down I gather the towel by the four corners and fold it to remove it from the tub. Rushing hot water quickly replaces it and the white fluffy wash cloth becomes a floating raft. Picking up the hot cloth, squeezing excess water out of the steaming rag, I quickly lay it on my nearly bare mound and upturned lips. The touch spreads like fire as it warms and softens my remaining stubble. Squeezing a small mound of shaving cream into my hand, I spread it thickly over my mound, as I pick up the pink razor and in one single upward swipe deathly pale flesh shines through, I finger it feeling the smoothness. I continue until my mound resembles the smooth flesh of my adolescence years. More foamy and a few more careful swipes and my outer lips are fully exposed. I use the small round mirror to get a closer look at my puffy pink lips devoid of any hair.

Using a very sparse amount of shaving cream I spread my outer lips, rubbing a thin coat on the wet pinkness around my nub and up and down my slit all the way to my tight puckered hole. I pull my left inner lip to the right taut and slowly and gingerly shave the hair from it, repeating the entire procedure on the right. Scooting down until I’m barely sitting on the edge of the tub, I spread my cheeks with one hand, then, more by feel than seeing I shave all around my rosebud. Almost finished... I shave around my hole, removing all traces of my Indian princesses. A quick shower rinses all remaining residue away. Drying off the cool air hits my shaved vagina and the baby oil I smooth on makes it glisten. I pick up the small round mirror and admire my new vagina.


Vision Three

As I gaze into the mirror the sexy white panties appear less transparent. She appears around the corner of the door... asking if I am finished with my task. I nod my head and she walks over hooks her thumbs into my panties pulling them down over my firm ass and rounded hips. I hear her gasp as she pushes me back onto the bed... pushing my legs up exposing my smooth vagina. She uncontrollably licks her lips as she gazes at me... bare like a child... but the body of a woman. She slides a finger down my slit parting my smooth... plump... pink outer lips. She parts the thin bright pink inner lips and pulls them back over my outer lips like butterfly wings. My rose colored nub waits for her touch... she suckles it and tremors flood my inner regions. 

The inner walls of my vagina are a vivid pink she tells me... as she traces her tongue down one side and up the other causing me to shiver. Beautiful escapes almost silently from her lips much like the whisper soft touch of her finger sliding up and down my naked slit. She takes one lip into her mouth, thin as a wafer and suckles it, licks at it in her mouth. She does the same with the other... then takes both into her mouth. She flicks over my nub again with the bottom of her tongue moving her tongue up and down, back and forth, across and across my clit, from the small base half lost in the junction of my lips to the thicker bit near the tip, then over the button of the tip half sheltered by its tiny hood of skin... my body quivers... juices flow from my bare honey pot. She licks, sucks totally absorbed in my vagina. Her tongue enters my hot cunt searching for the sweet nectar my body is ready to give up. 

And it flows... no Indian princesses to stop the flow and my new vagina experiences its first orgasm.