 By some miracle, I finally convinced you to come see me in my little part of the world. I live in a small town that is practically in the middle of nowhere which I affectionately refer to as God's country. The nearest big city, if you could call it that is two hours away. At any rate, I have been dreaming about you coming to see me for a while now.

The small town I live in is a ranching community with a couple of small factories and mills near the city limits. I can't wait for you to get here to show you some of my favorite places. The winter here is absolutely beautiful, but with the places I want to show you, they are inaccessible due to all the snow we get. 

It is a hot day in late July for our little Oregon town when you finally arrive. Well hot for me at any rate. You being a bit of a nature girl like me, I can only hope that the first place I take you to will melt your heart. We drive an hour into the mountains and stop at a trail head. The sign reads 2.5 miles to Blue Lake. I had mentioned that I would take you on a hike, but true to my smart ass self, I neglected to tell you how far the hike to the lake would be. 

As we start out on the hike I tell you the story of my father when he was a teenager. He had hiked in with his brother and father, and packed a canoe the entire way. Then when I was the same age, he brought my mom and I up here, and told us that it was only a mile to the lake. When we read the sign, both of us gave him a huge raft of shit that there was a big difference between one mile and two and a half miles. Needless to say, mom and I made it, and by the time we hiked back down I had blisters on my feet. There is even a picture somewhere of me with my boots off soaking my feet in a cool stream halfway down the mountain. 

You listen to my rambling in silent amusement, smiling to yourself out how much I talk if given half a chance. After I hear you snicker, I realize that yet again, I was off on a tangent and hadn't given you much of a chance to get two words in edge wise. I shake my head promising to myself to not talk so much as we continue the hike in relative silence, enjoying the beauty of nature. The birds sing their lullabies around us as the dirt and gravel crunch softly under our shoes. We see the occasional chipmunk scurry here and there and butterflies dancing around us to the beat of their own songs. With the scent of the wild flowers mixed with the pine and juniper trees, it is hard not to be completely breathless. Well that coupled with the site of your ass swaying seductively in jean shorts, makes the hike interesting to say the least. I'm amazed that I didn't trip and fall back down the mountain because I couldn't take my eyes off you. 

After a couple of hours, we finally reach the little lake. As always, the crystal clear blue water reflects the small fluffy clouds scattered in the sky, while at the same time you can see the bottom of the lake. We find a flat boulder big enough for both of us to sit side by side on as we enjoy a small lunch while we take in the beautiful site of our surroundings. We can even see the occasional trout swimming by just below the surface of the water.

I can tell that you want to be closer to me when you decide to sit between my legs with your back pressed against my chest. My arms naturally wrap around your waist and pull you closer into my body. We sit like this for a while until I feel your hands start at my knees as they gently massage my flesh. They slowly glide up the inside of my thighs and underneath my shorts. I can already tell where your mind is headed. I should have known that this little spot would have that affect on you. With your hands gently rubbing my thighs, I look down to find your lips inches from my face. Your brown eyes give away the lust you feel as our lips are pulled toward one another, almost like they are linked by magnets. When our lips brush against one another, we can feel the little shocks that leave us feeling like there is a Fourth of July firework show going off in our minds. Our tongues battle for dominance, first in your mouth, then in mine. What started off as a sweet and innocent kiss, quickly becomes a torrid affair to see who is left breathless first.

You turn in my arms to where you are on your knees in front of me and your hands are holding my face. If I have learned anything from the time we have spent together, you can quickly change from this sweet loving woman to a tigress in the blink of an eye waiting to pounce on her prey. As you press your lips harder to mine, I find myself on my back with you straddling my hips. I can't help but chuckle about how well you know me, and that the position you are in now is one of my favorites.

Your hands leave my face and find their way under my shirt to my C cup breasts. I can feel you push my bra up and each hand grabs a breast as you gently start to roll my nipples between your thumb and finger. My nipples aren't as prominent and large as yours are, but that doesn't matter to you. You push my shirt up as well and I feel you suck my nipple into your hot little mouth. As your tongue swirls around my bud and your teeth gently nip, I can't help but groan in delight as you voraciously feast on my offering. 

A faint whimper escapes my lips as your warm mouth leaves my breast. Our eyes meet and for a second, I get just a little scared from the devilish smile and the fiendish look in your eyes. Before I know it, you exhale. With your breath and the cool air both reaching my nipple at the same time, my whole body is suddenly covered in goose bumps from head to toe. You can't help but reply with an impish grin with the result of your actions. You continue to tease me like this for a couple minutes longer, switching from breast to breast until my thrusting hips almost buck you off.

In the blink of an eye, I flip you onto your back and pin you down with my strength as I take my time in devouring your lips, ears, jaw, neck, and collarbone. I just can't help that the sight of you and what you do to my body makes my blood boil. My hands impatiently push your shirt and bra up so I can get a look at those glorious tits. Oh how do I love your breasts. No tan lines anywhere and look as if God created them just for me. As I continue to lick, kiss, and lightly bite your skin, my hands have their way with your breasts. My hands alternate between gently massaging each of those globes to pinching and twisting your nipples. I can't help but smile at how vocal you are becoming and the pace of your hips thrusting into me. 

My mouth moves from your neck down to one of your breasts to feast on the elongated nipple, calling out to me for my sweet lips to bring you pleasure. With one hand now free, I struggle to undo my belt, and unzip my shorts. My hand and mouth switch breasts, and I decide to repay the favor for your devilish ways a few minutes prior. 

Now I have you where I want you, with goose bumps from head to toe, your head thrashing back and forth, cries now erupting from your mouth begging me to eat your pussy. My hands quickly unbutton your shorts and pull them and your sexy cherry covered underwear down to your knees.

My fingers gently stroke and massage your outer lips, as I start to kiss my way down your incredibly sexy stomach. Before I can reach the promise land, you grab me by the shoulders and pull my face to yours for a searing kiss. I respond by sliding two fingers in your soft, warm cocoon. I develop a slow rhythm stroking your inner core with my palm pressing down on your clit, as I feel your hand snake it's way to my pussy. I can tell by the intensity of your ministrations, you want to get me off quickly, while I want you to drive you into a frenzy before granting you your sweet release. 

My concentration on giving you pleasure is shattered when I feel a third push it's way into my ass already joining the two motion. Not to be outdone, I mimic your move and trying with little success to not let your impatience impede me of my goal. So with that, the game is on. With fingers flying at the speed of light, in and out, out and in, full, empty, and deliciously full again. The only question left is who will give in to their carnal desires and have the first orgasm. As we kiss in between the moans and screams, and being left totally breathless, both of us on the brink of beautiful bliss... 

From across the lake the snap of a tree branch echos loudly around us. My fingers immediately stop their task as I look up expecting to see a deer or some other animal coming down for a drink. Of course even though you heard the sound, because of you being the little minx you are, your fingers are still plowing away trying to bring me to that sweet abyss.

Instead there is a man and a woman watching us intently while stroking each other to an orgasm. I am so embarrassed that I pull myself from your embrace and stand up quickly with my back to the couple. I reach down for your hand and gently pull you to where you are standing in front of me. With our shorts pulled back on, we quickly put our bras back in place with the girls properly confined, and gather our stuff into our packs. With a sweet gentle kiss, you and I make our way back down the trail to our car leaving the couple standing their with surprised, yet confused looks on their faces..

I should have known that you would rib me the entire way about being embarrassed and for wanting to get the hell out of dodge. If you had your way, chances are we would have finished what we started leaving both us and the couple completely satisfied. I apologize profusely knowing that my own modesty and shyness just cost me getting laid. I look into your gorgeous and piercing emerald eyes and realize that your are repaying me for the many times that I often tease you.

We get back into town in time to have a quiet dinner at the local Mexican restaurant. I order my favorite, the beef fajita's just because I love to here the sizzle of the vegetables and beef and the wonderful sent that wafts from the plate. You have the arroz con pollo dish that looks delicious. As we eat and talk of work and news throughout the country, your feet are teasing me as they always do when we dine together. I do have to say I have fallen in love with your toes. They do so many incredible things.

After dinner I take you to my favorite place of all. I drive you up to the top of Black Cap Mountain. In the summer, hang gliders and para gliders alike flock to our small town to take off from the top of the mountain. There is even a contest held annually for them. Why is this my favorite place in my small mountain town? From the mountain top you can see the town, Goose Lake, and all the farms in the valley. 

When we get to the top and park the car, the sun is beginning to set behind the mountain range on the other side of the valley. I get out from behind the wheel and grab the blanket from the back seat. I spread it across the hood of the car and then walk around to your side of the vehicle. I open the car door and extend my hand. You gently grasp my hand and again the ever present little electric sparks that are produced every time we touch, flow from my finger tips, up my arm, and straight to my heart warming me to my core. 

You step out of the car to stand beside me and look down to take in the exquisite view before your eyes. While you are distracted by the site, I wrap an arm around your waist and give you a gentle squeeze. I then scoop you up into my arms, and gently place you on top of the blanket. I walk around to the front of the car and climb up to sit beside you.

We sit side by side, holding hands watching the sun set behind the mountain range on the other side of the valley. As the gentle wind starts to carry a cold chill, you quietly settle your self between my legs and lean your back into my chest. My arms are wrapped around your waist in a loving embrace with your fingers entwined with mine. Your head is nestled just below my chin and I can smell the sweet soft fragrance of apples from your favorite shampoo.

My attention is torn between the beautiful sunset and the warmth of having a beautiful, sexy vixen in my arms. As the sun dips down further behind the mountain, the clouds higher in the sky range from brilliant orange to dark maroon in color, while the clouds lower in the sky start to grow different colors of grey. The contrast between the clouds are breath taking and it is while sitting here with you in my arms that I truly feel close to God and the loved ones that have passed on in my young life. We sit patiently in peace until the sky is dark and the stars start to appear. Now with goose bumps visible on both of our arms and you gently shivering close to me, we decide to head back for my house.

We hold hands for the duration of the drive back to my house. We talk of the hike and the sunset and I can hear the gratitude in your voice for sharing my favorite spots with you. I wouldn't have wanted it any other way. The day had turned out almost exactly as I had planned, with the exception of the little interruption at the lake. 

We arrive back at my house and I give you the tour with the exception of showing you my bedroom. You head to the bathroom so you can have a shower. While you let the water heat up and undress, I quickly climb up the stairs and light the candles that I have spread out across the two night stands and the dresser, bathing the room in candle light. I make sure that your surprise is secured to the four corners of the bed and out of your view. I go back down the stairs and start stripping as I hear you singing softly from the shower. I climb inside to see that you have already washed your hair and are getting ready scrub the rest of your deliciously soft and curvy body. I can honestly say that I never thought I would be lucky enough to have such a gorgeous creature interested in me.

I can see the need in your eyes and gladly let you start to scrub me clean. By the way you are washing my body from head to toe, I know that you have ulterior motives. Any other night I would have gladly let you have your way with me, but to show my appreciation for you coming to see me, I can only hope that I bring some of your hidden desires to full fruition, or are they my desires? All I know is, I have a long night of passion planned for you. As your hands start paying a little more attention to my breasts with the soapy sponge, I pry the sponge from your hand and spin you around to where you are directly under the spray. I start at your neck and work my way down your body. The lust in your eyes tells me that you want me desperately and your hands try this time to engage my pussy. With one hand, I take both of yours and pin above your head against the wall of the shower, while the other hand continues to meticulously soap up every inch of your body. 

After I finish scrubbing your back followed by your breasts, you refuse to keep your hands off my body. Not that I blame you, but I do believe that your body is in way better shape than mine. I pin your body roughly up against the wall and force my knee between your legs. I quickly finish soaping up the lower half of your body and get us rinsed off while still trying to keep your hands in check. I can see the frustration in your eyes, but if you only knew what I had in store for my girl.

We dry each other off with no help from you. You are bound and determine to try and distract me from my plan. Our lips meet in a series of passionate kisses as I guide you towards the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs I reluctantly pull away from you and let you traverse the steps first. You look slightly troubled as you realize that by you going up the stairs with me climbing up after you, not only do I have a glorious view or your ass and pussy, that region is also very exposed to my probing hands if I so desire. 

You negotiate the stairs rather easily. I was tempted more than once to take advantage of the situation, but the fact that the stairs leading to my room in the loft are narrow and steep, I figured it best if I behaved myself. As you reach the top of the stairs, I quickly turn the light off from down below. You stop in your tracks, first surprised that the overhead light was quickly shut off, but I can hear the soft gasp escape from your lips seeing all of the lit candles. I quickly climb the stairs as you step off to the side to allow me enter the loft. We can smell the light floral scent throughout the room which adds to the romance of it all. 

My room is long and somewhat narrow. The ceiling is maybe six feet tall, but then angles down to about four feet tall where it meets the side walls. The side walls are lined with a couple of night stands, a cedar hope chest and an old dresser most of which has been handed down through the generations. 

I gently grasp your hand and lead you to the bed. I twirl you into my arms and kiss you with ardor. With our need to feel each other's skin and to hear our voices yell out into the night with bliss, I walk you backwards until the bed touches the backs of your knees. With sudden strength I toss you gently onto the bed and quickly follow. 

With your head near the pillows, I realize you are exactly where I want you. I mount you suddenly, my legs straddling your hips, I grab hold of your right wrist with my right hand and grab the restraint with my left hand and quickly incapacitate your right arm. Before I can repeat the task with your other arm, you start to squirm and buck your hips to try and throw me off. With your body writhing underneath me, I can't seem to secure your other arm, so what do I do, I undo the arm already in the cuff.  

Now the wrestling match is on. I know that the reason you are resisting is to see how far I will go to fulfill this dream and to increase your own arousal. And to be honest, I love it when you resist. We roll back and forth, each one trying to stay on top of the other, with you trying in earnest to place me in the cuffs rather than you. I am just now beginning to grasp just how strong my little minx is and I am more than ready to end this game now. I hadn't planned on using my secret weapon, but now I have no choice. 

I flip you onto your back. With my knees on either side of the small of your back, I quickly get both or your wrists trapped in the restraints. I run my hands smoothly across your back and down over your tight ass reveling at how smooth your skin is especially on your ass. I can feel your muscles rippling under your flesh as my hands explore your backside. 

I pull out the last two leather cuffs lined with silk and smoothly attach them to your ankles. I can almost hear the wheels grinding in your head, wondering what I have planned next for you. I pull open the closest drawer in the dresser and pull out a wickedly soft feather.

With an evil grin on my face, and a twinkle in my eye, I kneel on the side of the bed next to your body and I touch the tip of the feather to the sole of your left foot. I methodically trace patterns on your skin working my way up your left leg. As I approach the V in your legs, I decide to completely bypass that area altogether. Instead I draw the feather up the outside of your hip, I hear a groan of frustration as I continue up the side of your rib cage. As I draw nearer to your armpit, your moans and whimpers turn into giggles and laughter. Now the real torture begins my mind tells me. I continue to glide the feather towards your fingertips and then back up towards your left shoulder blade. I can see you writhing against the bonds as you try to escape the feathers maddening light caresses on your skin. I continue to tease your right arm and back down the right side of your rib cage and criss-crossing up and down your back. 

All that is left is your rump, and I know that is what you are impatiently waiting for. I can see the sweat starting to gather in little drops like dew drops on blades of grass in the early morning. I decide that I have something better in mind and forgo the torture of your pussy and ass with the feather. I crawl up your body and whisper in your ear seductively.
