 Authors note: this is my first time writing erotic fiction, and it's based on a long-standing fantasy I've had for years. There's no real background or depth to it, but I'm considering doing more with the characters if this gets a decent reception. Feedback is most definitely welcome!

This story contains women having sex with each other. So if that's offensive to you or not your thing, well... really, you're in the wrong section.

------------------------------------------------

We had met through mutual friends - I'd seen Alex out on the scene a few times, but she largely hung out with a different crowd, and I wasn't too much into the clubbing scene, preferring the little pub I hung out in. I knew she ran a bar, but hadn't been there. We probably never would have really met except for the fact that she was having some computer problems. A friend told her I could probably fix them for her (that's what I do for a living), and so here I was, stood in the closed bar at midday, finishing up after a couple hours of work.

"I'm done over here, but I need to take you through a couple things so that you know what to do if it happens again," I shouted down to the basement.

"Alright, Lee, I'm coming up now."

And there she was. Short dark hair, standing around 5'9", a little out of breath from moving barrels around. She was attractive, I had to admit to myself, but was unlikely to be into me. I'd seen her past girlfriends and they tended to to have long hair, wear make-up and do the whole girly thing. I'm 5'6", with similarly short, dark hair, and live in jeans and t-shirts or vest tops. Polar opposite to her usual type, and only 22 - 5 years younger than her - her to boot. I mentally shook my head, clearing the idea of sex, the possibility of it, out of my head, then waved her round to my side of the bar so she could see the screen.

She stood just behind and to the side of me, and I gave her a little smile, before turning around to face the screen.

"Okay, so you need to start running your anti-virus software regularly, for one. I've scheduled it to run every day at 12, so you'll need to make sure your laptop is on for that. Secondly, you should take more care with what you download. Sites like these," - I pointed to a few examples in her browser history - "are completely unreliable. And the stuff your computer can catch from what you download from them can take a long time to fix, a simple virus scan won't protect you from a lot of it."

I was back into my techie mode, explaining the perils of downloading strange stuff from sites. Particularly porn sites, but I wasn't exactly going to point out those ones in her history as an example. I hoped she'd take the hint, though, and find somewhere slightly safer to get hold of it. I was caught up in what I was saying, delivering a lecture that I had delivered to hundreds of computer owners. So much so that I hadn't noticed her stepping up behind me until out of nowhere her breath, then her lips, were on my neck, kissing hard.

I stopped talking, slightly stunned by the sudden onslaught, as her hands found their way to my hips and pulled me against her.

"I, uh..." I was stammering, trying to figure out what was going on here. She felt good against me, her lips on the sensitive spots on my neck. I was holding back a moan, my breath catching.

She stopped kissing me and her lips grazed up to my ear.

"If you don't want this, I would say so now. Because I really want to fuck you. Right here. I'm in that kind of mood, and you look like you are too. I saw you looking at me as I came upstairs." Her voice was quiet but firm in my ear, her breath hot. She traced the shell of my ear with her tongue and I let out a quiet moan, this time, as her hands moved up my torso to the sides of my breasts, sliding round, fingers brushing over my nipples through the thin material of my vest. I could feel myself, unexpectedly, getting wet at her words, my nipples hardening under her touch. I wasn't wearing a bra - my breasts were small and firm enough as a B-cup that I didn't have to a lot of the time - and she felt me harden beneath her hands.

She started to roll my nipples between finger and thumb, gently squeezing my breasts, and I felt myself start to move against her, grinding slightly. Her movements began to meet mine, her breath getting heavier in my ear, one hand moving away from my breasts and down to the crotch of my jeans, pressing her hand against me. I felt how wet I was as she moved her hand, lost in the sensation of friction against my clit.

"Turn around," she told me. Ordered me, really. I obeyed.

Her eyes met mine for a moment, steely blue, then she kissed me hard, taking control of my mouth and tongue with her own. She was pressing both of us up against the bar now, her thigh had found its way between my legs and I was grinding against her, soaking wet, already desperate for more. Her kisses and touch and smell were unfamiliar and the newness of it heightened the excitement. She broke apart to pull the vest over my head, returning to kiss the hollow of my neck, my check, the sides of my breasts, and finally to take my nipples into her mouth, licking and sucking. I arched my back, seeking more pressure, more of the sensation. Instead she pulled away and her hands were fumbling with my belt, then my buttons, then pulling down my jeans and my boxers all at once as I kicked off my shoes.

I felt ridiculous for a moment, completely naked in front of her while she was fully dressed, but the heat in her eyes stilled any protest as she looked down at my body approvingly, appreciating me. I had never been gladder that I had kept fit.

"Up," she commanded me, and I looked confused for a moment until her hands were on my ass as she lifted me up onto the cold surface of the bar. I winced, briefly, but then her hands were on the inside of my thighs, spreading them, me, open. Her mouth was hot and wet on my navel, kissing down as I held my breath, leaning back, hoping she was heading where I thought she was.

She was. Her tongue was hot and wet, tracing my labia, circling my clit, teasing me. I moaned with frustration and she laughed, meeting my eyes with a mischievous glint in her own. Then all thoughts of frustration were gone as her tongue found its way inside me and I cried out. She tasted me, her tongue moving in and out, fucking me as I sounded my appreciation at this sensations this was creating. Out came her tongue and it ran up to my clit, starting a slow, steady rhythm, building me up towards coming faster than I thought was possible. The sight of her with her head between my legs was entrancing, the feelings incredible - amplified by the fact that, frankly, it had been a while. Then a finger found its way inside me and I stopped thinking about how quickly it was coming, how much noise I was making, and enjoyed it. One finger became two, hooking upwards, finding my g-spot.

I was close, so close. I think she knew. She slowed down briefly, keeping the sensations up, balancing me on the knife-edge, driving me mad with my need to come. She met my eyes and I knew there was only one way she was going to let me go.

"Fuck, please," I moaned, and that was enough. She sped up, her fingers fucking me fast and deep, hitting that perfect spot with every thrust, her tongue flicking hard against my clit as she sucked it into her mouth, while I moaned with pleasure. And came. Hard. Screaming her name, in fact, which I think amused her and aroused her in equal measure.

She waited until I had stopped clenching around her fingers before pulling out, looking down at me as I lay back on the bar trying to catch my breath. I was slightly unsure of what to say at this point. I mean, that had been incredible. Mind-blowing, if you'll excuse the hyperbole. The usual etiquette at this point was reciprocation, but she was still fully-clothed and, from what I could tell, liked to be in control.

As it turned out, I didn't need to worry. No speech was required. She pulled me up so I was sitting, and then came in to kiss me, guiding my hands to the bottom of her t-shirt. I needed no encouragement. I broke the kiss and pulled it over her head, then began to kiss her breasts. They were firm and, I guessed, around a C-cup. I moved both hands behind her back and undid her bra, and she stepped back for a moment to take it off. I began to explore them properly, teasing, coming close to one or the other of her hard nipples with my tongue before moving away. Her hand came to the back of my head, and she moved my mouth to where she wanted it, pressing me against her, as I began to lick and suck on it, grazing it with my teeth and making her moan with enjoyment.

Her hand left the back of my head as I continued my work with her nipples, switching between them. I felt and heard her undo her jeans, somehow managing to step out of them and her pants without disturbing my access to her breasts. I could smell her sex now, mingled with my own smell. She pulled my face up to meet hers and we kissed again, Alex still in control. She tugged on my arm and I slid down off the bar, wondering what she wanted me to do to her. I hadn't really had an experience with someone this controlling before. Thankfully she made it pretty obvious.

She pulled up a chair, sat down leaning against the back of it, spread her legs, and looked pointedly at the floor in front of it.

I got down on my knees in front of her, taking a moment to examine her body. It was, frankly, fantastic - and she knew it. My breath caught at the sight of it and, a little, at the situation of doing what she wanted, getting down on my knees to make this woman come, giving up control and obeying her. I hadn't ever really thought of myself as the submissive type, but this was turning me on. I could tell that I would be ready to be fucked all over again once I had done what she wanted, I was already beginning to feel turned on again.

She looked down impatiently at me, and I began to kiss the inside of her thigh, thinking to tease her a little before I started. Her hand quickly grasped the back of my head, moving me again to where she wanted me, and I gave up all ideas of teasing her and instead began to move my tongue in and out of her. She let out a small gasp as my tongue entered. She tasted good, and I enjoyed fucking her with my tongue for a few moments before moving up to start licking her clit, pressing down lightly at first. She began to move her hips against my face and her hand moved back to the back of my head, pressing me harder against her. I responded with stronger pressure, licking her harder, sucking her clit into my mouth, then bringing my hand up so I could push a finger inside of her, curving it up as she had done to me and hitting her g-spot.

She was crying out now, the pressure on the back of my head stronger, as I focused on fucking her and breathing through my nose. Her hips were bucking into my face as I pushed another finger inside her, both now working that spot inside her, my tongue flicking fast and hard against her clit as I sucked it into my mouth. Her sounds had mostly been swear words between moans, the occasional "yes", but now her body began to shake, and she moaned out that she was going to come. I kicked up one final notch, fucking her as hard and fast as I could, my mouth and tongue moving as fast as I could make them, and she pulled my face into her, her thighs clamping around my face as she went rigid and came, clenching around my fingers and pulsing against my tongue.

I struggled to breathe for a moment, until she released. I was, I realised, incredibly turned on. Again. She was still clenching around my fingers, her chest heaving. I pulled out slowly, and sat back on my heels, unsure of what to say. She took a few moments to collect herself, and then sat up, closing her legs. We both stood up and kissed, awkwardly now that the moment had passed.

"I suppose I had probably better go," I started, reaching for my boxers and jeans and starting to pull them on, unsure of what to do other than that.

Alex looked at the time, then began to put her own clothes back on.

"Yeah, I, er, have a delivery coming in about 10 minutes. Shit."

We both continued to dress, not really saying anything. I think both of us had no idea what to say. Was this just sex? Did either of us want anything more? Lesbians are a little famous for overthinking things in this situation. It wasn't that I didn't enjoy the sex, it was more that I wanted to do it again. A lot of agains, if possible. But equally, I figured she'd just picked me up on a whim. So there probably wouldn't be an again. Which sucked.

"Look," she began. "I don't make a habit of just fucking people. I just had this sudden urge to fuck you. I don't think I've ever just come onto someone in the way I just did to you. But if you'd like to do it again sometime that would be... nice. Really nice, in fact."

She seemed unsure and earnest, a far cry from the confident, dominant woman who had just come onto me and orchestrated some of the best sex I'd had in years. I smiled back at her.

"That... sounds like a plan. I'll leave you my number. Give me a text or something."

"Alright. I will."

I stepped in for another kiss, both of us fully-dressed now. It was awkward in a different way. Tentative. The delivery showed up outside and she flashed me an apologetic smile before going out to meet the driver and help him shift the stuff in. I scribbled my name and number on a scrap of paper and left it on the bar, hoping she'd call me sooner rather than later.

Fin.