 As Kate walked, she could feel her nipples pushing against her bra. They were almost painful. They were tender from the overeager mouth of Dee, her lover from earlier in the week. She never thought that at this point in life she'd be enjoying time with several play partners. Her whole life had been one of restraint, even adopting a façade of asexuality or at the very least—unknowable privacy. She had been married to a man, then divorced and unenthusiastically involved in a hetero relationship more recently.

At 51, Kate's thick black hair had acquired silver highlights. She thought it looked good against her brown skin and enjoyed the way it changed in the light. She moved with a confidence and ease that turned people's eye. It amused Kate because that didn't happen when she was 20. She supposed that it was that her body was light and nimble from her new sexual openness. The looks of appreciation she got from other like-minded women always gave her a thrill. 

There had been a little part of Kate that worried that if she let herself be truly known, she wouldn't be able to stop. As a younger woman, Kate was too cautious, afraid even, of giving into her desire. A short affair in grad school told her about her true passions. It was a woozy time of little sleep, noisy sex and disapproving looks from some as she and her girlfriend gazed at each other with undisguised lust. Her only fantasies involved other women, and her affair was deeply sexual and satisfying. It was clear to her that she had always been a lesbian, just way too worried about what that meant in a time frame and place where it could have horrible consequences for her. Now she felt that she had to be true to herself, not to mention that her sex drive made it impossible for her to be closeted.

At present, she was on her way to meet another woman, Carla. Her tender nipple made her remember her afternoon with Dee.

Kate had knocked on Dee's door and was ushered in quietly. Dee locked the door behind them, and for a moment, there was a small concern that this was a terrible mistake.

Dee became more friendly and motioned that they should go to the bedroom. It was just a short moment later that Dee reached up and hungrily kissed Kate. Surprising as it was, they were both totally naked within minutes. 

Dee had let out a soft gasp and groan when she'd removed Kate's bra. With palms outstretched, she pulled and pushed both of Kate's breasts with enthusiastic appreciation. Kate's breasts were lush and full and always responsive. She enjoyed Dee's warm, soft hands and vocal appreciation. 

Dee bent down and took Kate's right nipple into her mouth. The sensation made Kate a little dizzy. It was different than playing with herself. Dee's sucking and pulling wasn't gentle or done with the intention of enhancing Kate's pleasure, but emerged out of Dee's personal lust. And yet it made Kate feel powerful to elicit such lust. Usually married women were tentative, unsure about initiating sex once the decision had been made, but not Dee. It was clear that Kate was about to get consumed.

The sudden pain snapped Kate out of her drowsy, blissful submission. For a second she had no idea it was pain, but just another layer of sensation. It was Dee's teeth on her swollen, sensitive nipple, biting down harder than she needed to.

"Softer!" Kate hissed.

"Never!" was Dee's only reply as she clamped down again drawing a sharp breath out of Kate along with a rising need in her clit. Kate held this new lover's head as she watched her grunt and suck on her nipples. Dee invited Kate to lie down on her bed, the one she shared with the unnamed husband who didn't know about Dee's quick seductions of stranger women who came to fuck his wife. Some day time show was on the TV. It was so strangely domestic given that Dee was giving her a decidedly predatory stare. 

Dee motioned with her hand toward the bed. Kate complied, scooting back to allow the room Dee would need to lie down on top of Kate. She loved the feel of Dee's soft, brown body atop her own. They kissed with urgency. She moved against Dee, pushing into her, liking how each thrust brought delicious sensations to her clit. She thrust her hips against Dee who stopped it soon after it started. Stranger sex doesn't allow for a lot of negotiation. Dee was meeting a personal need she had and there was no time to make room for shared sensuality. Dee's goal was to get to the main course and devour her. Kate was a little frustrated by both the pain and the need to cum so quickly. Her pussy ached, and the moisture was dripping down her thigh. Kate was helpless in the sight of a naked, horny woman.

Kate felt those same teeth against her clit as her lover made a vigorous side to side motion with her mouth. She could feel her clit respond to the over eager attention. When Dee came up for air, she plunged her fingers into Kate's sopping pussy and crawled up to kiss her. Kate tasted herself on Dee. Sweet, musky, a little like the Dove soap from her earlier shower. She grabbed Dee's soft, large ass and pulled her in allowing little space for the finger pumping she was getting. 

"I want you to see how good you are" Dee whisped as she probed Kate's mouth with her tongue. Kate pushed hard down on Dee's chubby fingers while their tongues played in each other's' mouths. 

Those fingers filled Kate completely, wiggling, pulling, pushing, wet noises. "More!" was all Kate could say. Dee's thumb bumped into Kate's clit with each thrust and she plunged her fourth finger into Kate's willing pussy. Kate could feel Dee's large ass wiggling against her embrace. It made Kate's clit quiver with the first tiny wave of orgasm. She grabbed her own nipple pulling and twisting as she watched this woman fuck her, until Dee shoved her hand aside and sucked in the nipple into her own mouth—never breaking the rhythm with her hand.

Kate could feel her pussy stretching and Dee's hands slammed deeper inside. Deep, guttural moans began to escape from Kate as her body started to fully succumb to orgasm. It started with her pussy clenching tightly around Dee's fingers and expanded in a tight wave of pleasure moving from her core to her clit. It took her breath away as it moved down. 

"Oh yeah," Dee hissed "oh yeah" and she scooted down to place her whole mouth over Kate's clit and mound, riding Kate as she thrust up and down flicking her tongue on Kate's tortured clit and immediately ushered a second intense wave. She knew she'd keep going as long as Dee lashed her with that magic tongue. Finally, Kate motioned for Dee to stop.

The two women lay together-Kate's arm around Dee as she continued to mover her fingers and palm over Kate's pussy, more leisurely as each wave of pleasure came down softer than the last. Kate's right hand was softly stroking Dee's swollen pussy lips. The two lay spent for the moment as Kate enjoyed the last waves of pleasure washing over her.

"Wow. Does your husband know how good you are with women?"

Dee giggled a little as she rolled on her back and invited Kate to return the favor. Kate was happy to oblige. She pushed Dee's legs apart and used both hands to part Dee's smooth, puffy lips revealing her treasure. Her nub was already visible, but that didn't stop Kate from slowly stroking the top of Dee's clit hood with her strong tongue. Rather than urgent lust, Kate was determined to bring Dee to a long, slow peak, enjoying her taste and responses.

Dee moaned and thrashed as Kate probed Dee. Kate covered as much as she could with her mouth and moved her lips up as if she were sucking off the tip of an ice cream cone, over and over. Bucking up to follow her mouth, Dee's pussy was ready for Kate's fingers. Her guess was that Dee's usual role was the giver and rarely did her conquests concentrate so completely on her pleasure. No doubt many women benefited from Dee's urgent need for pussy but giving was just as important to Kate. And clearly the combination of suction and fingers were working for Dee. 

Dee's method was attack and overwhelm with sensation—rendering lustful and explosive response. Kate on the other hand was about the luxurious softness and passion-building. Instead of surprising, the orgasms she gave rose up inside of her partners. Kate enjoyed sending women straight into the next and next orgasm until she was asked to stop.

Dee was quick to reach her first climax, no doubt from her own pleasure in delivering the goods to Kate. She shuddered and wailed as she came. Kate held onto Dee's mound and clit with her lips wide, swirling her tongue, nibbling with her teeth and watching Dee enjoy the pleasure she was getting for once. Her pussy was tight around Kate's fingers, but she wiggled in a third finger. "Oh God," Dee moaned. 

Kate was careful to watch for signs that she was moving too hard, or not hard enough and sucked Dee's nub into her mouth and held on as she fingered that tight pussy. When Dee's moaning became more urgent, she feathered Dee's trapped clit very lightly, rapidly. Little light flicks and circles, trying not to let loose of the mouth suction she had. And then at the right moment she applied a more firm licking directly on Dee's engorged clit. Dee responded by pushing hard against Kate's mouth, rising up on her elbow to watch Kate pleasure her pussy. Eye contact for Kate was sexy. She loved seeing the look on a woman's face just as they were reaching orgasm again. She loved being the one responsible. Dee gushed all over Kate's face, cumming hard, no longer able to use her voice but mouth agape as her body shuddered fiercely.

Kate liked how Dee's tits shook and her thighs shook as the orgasm worked its way through Dee's body. She suspected that Dee's usual pattern required a lot of self-pleasure after bedding her play partners who might have been willing to let Dee all the work. She liked the thought that she got a chance to surprise Dee by fucking her so thoroughly.

It was one of Kate's most intense hook-ups. Every woman was different. Carla, the woman she was going to see now had been more circumspect about the lead up to their date. Dee was graphic and clear about her intentions. "Come over. I want to suck your pussy." Carla on the other hand would only say "yeah, I look forward to getting together."

Kate rang the doorbell and a lovely full-figured woman with long blonde hair opened the door. She had on no bra beneath her flowing low v-neck blouse and her breasts swayed as she ushered Kate into her home. Carla stuck a dignified but sexy, matter-of-fact but patient presence. Kate could feel her own nipples harden in anticipation of what was to follow.