 I had heard lots about Margie, and I knew her visit would be fun, but I would never have dreamed for the fun it turned out to be.

Margie is my husbands' niece, and she came to stay with us for a week last summer.

At the age of 22, she is slender, supple, and built like a porn model. 

I was very surprised to see how pretty she was when she walked off the plane, and I gave her a warm hug, which treated me to the feel of her full, fleshy tits against me. She pulled away, and I could see that her nipples were large and hard. The tight white shirt she was wearing did little to conceal her brown nipples. It excited me, and I wasn't sure why.

My husband was also greeting her, and I saw the telltale bulge in his pants as he kissed her.

It never took much to get him hard, so this was an overdose.

We collected Margie's luggage, and headed home to get her settled in. My husband had to run back to work and finish the day out.

As we got out of the van. I could see that Margie wasn't wearing panties. Her skirt was very short, and she made no effort to keep her legs closed when climbing out of the van. Her pussy was soft and light brown looking. Again, I was drawn to her hard brown nipples as they tried to poke through her top. God; what a set of tits!

 We got into the house and I showed Margie her room. She saw the pool outside and asked if we could swim later. I said, " Of course, if you're not too tired."

The three of us enjoyed a drink, and then my Dave was off to work. Once he was gone Margie and I got into our swimsuits and we headed out to the pool. My God,I felt awkward because I couldn't stop checking out her body. Not only was she stacked, but she had a cute rounded ass, and long slender legs. I was surprised at how excited I got just from looking at her.

We sat for awhile and exchanged information. I told her how long Dave and I had been married, and she told me that other than her college roomy, she had never been with anyone.She sort of giggled and said, " So that makes me pretty horny, ya' know?"

She laid on her stomach and asked me to undo her top. She said she'd love it if I could put oil on her. I practically lost my breath.

 I did as she asked, and slid my hands carefully all over her back. I also did her legs. She told me not to forget along the sides of her breasts, and up near her crotch in the back. I got more oil and started to rub the sides of each full titty. They were kind of pushed out to the sides, and I slipped my pinkie under each fat tit and fingered her nipples. She moaned and said, " Oooh Carol, that feels sooo good." I decided to go further and went down between her legs and oiled her very well in there. She was rocking slowly with each thrust of my hand between her thighs. I heard her going , " Mmmmm. Mmmmm." I decided to undo the ties on her bottoms and exposed her tight round ass cheeks. I slipped my well oiled finger between her legs and pushed way down in there. She said, " Oh Hell."

I though something was wrong but she rolled over and said, " Here!" And she removed her bottoms. Now she was on her back with no bottoms on. ( Thank God for our privacy fence.)

 I oiled my fingers again, and began to rub between her wet pussy lips. She had an orgasm very fast, and begged me to suck her clit. All this time she was tweaking her big nipples.

 Now I had never eaten a woman before, and I was very, very shy. I couldn't even believe I had already gone this far. I told her all this and she said, " Well, would you rub my clit with your fingers again?" I said, " Was it really that good?" She went, " Mmmmmm." I started massaging her pussy lips again, and decided to tease her a little bit with my fingertips before bringing her off. She was squirming all over the place.

 After she had another good orgasm, she asked if I would let her eat me. I was really wet and horny, but told her that I didn't know if I could cum for her or not. She said, " Oh, you'll cum alright." "I'll see to that."

I got on my back and she said, "Just relax." She took off my bottoms and parted my cunt lips with her fingers, then she leaned forward and began licking and sucking. She said, " Oooh, you're nice and wet, Carol." "Have you been enjoying seeing me cum?" I said, "yeah."

As she licked my hot pussy, she was reaching up with both hands and pinching my nipples. They were hard and thick for her. She started to suck my puffy clit and in almost no time I had a tremendous orgasm for her. I expected her to stop then, but she sucked harder and brought me off again. My husband had never made me feel this way.

When I was almost out of breath, and had had three good cums, Margie finally stopped eating me. 

We got into the pool and relaxed for awhile, and talked about what a hot experience it was. She told me that she hoped we could do this a few more times over the following 6 days. I told her, " Of course."

As we began to prepare dinner together that night, it was hard to keep our hands off each other. She kept wanting to grope my tits, and I slipped my hand between her legs every chance I got.

 When Dave got home he commented that we seemed to be getting along very well. He had no idea.

Margie stayed for the rest of that week, and we had sex everyday. She always ate my wet cunt, but I could only bring her off by hand. I just felt too shy about sucking her clit, and she seemed satisfied with being diddled. 

 She will be back before the end of the month and, through our e-mails, I have promised I will try eating her this time. I just wish I had a good lesbian to practice on.