 GP

"Jeez, look at the camel-toe on that"

"Man those fucking jugs have a life of their own"

Jason sat back on his bench and smiled behind his newspaper as he listened to the comments about his daughter Jenny.  This was their last exhibitionist afternoon together for a while. She was off up to her grandfather's house for a visit and Jason who couldn't stand his father-in-law was off on business to Europe and would collect her on the way back.  

Not that she had wanted to go.  Jenny could be very stubborn when he chose and their arguments had finally stopped when Jason had slapped her so hard she had been knocked off her feet.  She had looked up at him with hurt-filled eyes but he had stood firm and she had conceded she had to go.  As a punishment she had been out every night hanging out with her friends so they hadn't fucked.  

Jenny walked over to the bench where her father was sitting.  She had tied her long blonde hair up in a messy knot, slapped plenty of make-up on and squeezed into her smallest and tightest top and shorts.  She was showing her father what he would miss whilst she was away and whilst she would much have preferred to be sucking her father's cock, if she had to visit her mouldy old grandfather then her dad would have to pay the price.  Jenny had on a gypsy-style top, which she had worn pulled down low to ensure anyone who saw her knew she hadn't a bra on.  Her tiny shorts were tight and showed a lot of her butt cheeks off.  Her shoes was high and made walking difficult unless she did it slowly. 

Jason knew what he would miss; he didn't need reminding of his daughter's nubile body.  He had the imprint on his brain.  Her mother was going to drop Jenny off and then she was off on business herself.  She didn't get on with her own father very well but she thought it important that their daughter spend time with her grandfather.

++


Jenny looked at her reflection in disgust.  Her mother had insisted she wear something a little more restrained than she was allowed to normally.  The pants suit with a sleeveless loose vest underneath made her look far older than eighteen, her messy hair was restrained in a plait and her make-up was minimal.  Paige had told Jenny that her father was old-fashioned about dress and to make sure she wore a bra everyday.

She had said goodbye to her father the night before, their relationship still a little cool but the kiss they had shared whilst her mother's back was turned was anything but.  Jenny had been a little worried on the journey that her mother would have mentioned their recent lovemaking in the store's cubicle and how she would play it.  But her mother kept things general and also conducted some business calls allowing Jenny to listen to her headset.

"Father" Paige kissed the leathery face of her father.  "How well you are looking" her tone was polite but cool.

Gifford Brewer accepted his daughter's kiss and returned her cool greeting. "How well you are looking too, Paige."

"Hello, Grandfather."  Jenny kissed her grandfather.  Gifford Brewer looked her up and down. She looks about forty in that outfit, he thought. Trust Paige to raise something like her.

Jenny waved her mother off and followed her grandfather back into the house, her heart heavy.  She had two weeks in this mausoleum she sulked she'd go mad.  She couldn't see her grandfather letting her drive that big car she'd seen parked outside.

Gifford looked down at her with cold eyes.  "Well, Jenny I expect a certain standard of behaviour from you whilst you are here under my roof.  I lead a very quiet life and don't expect to have to entertain you.  We dine promptly each evening at 8pm but how you amuse yourself during the day is not my responsibility.  Is that understood?"

She nodded on the verge of tears.  "Yes, Grandfather."

"Very good, Mrs Clancy will see you to your room."  Jenny dutifully followed the housekeeper up onto the first floor and at the end of a long corridor she was shown into a large old-fashioned room.

"I'll be downstairs if you want anything, Miss".  The housekeeper departed and shut the door and Jenny threw herself onto the bed and shed bitter tears of frustration.  She was alive and vital and her parents had cast her out into a dead world.  Her mother had even taken her mobile, as her grandfather didn't approve of them.  No one cared!  No one! She raged against her parents and the world in general for a while and then decided to take a shower.

The shower room was surprisingly modern and Jenny stripped off her hated clothes and walked around the room naked savouring the feel of her large breasts unfettered by those hated bras.  She stood looking out the window and absent-mindedly stroked between her legs as she watched two large black gardeners at work.  She guessed both were in their fifties and muscular through hard-work and Jenny wondered how soon she could make their acquaintance.  Her grandfather may not like it but hadn't he told her to amuse herself?

She stood under the water and rubbed and soaped herself all over.  She had been surprised to see the shower stall was plain glass but her mean old grandfather probably wouldn't have paid for frosted.  She hummed to herself as she soaped.

Gifford stroked his cock.  He had been reluctant to switch the cam on when the light came on that the shower was in use.  He didn't think that prissy little thing would be worth looking at but how wrong could a guy be.  She was gorgeous with a pair of tits big enough to satisfy and a sweet-looking hairless pussy.  He'd fixed the cam in himself one day for amusement.  Not that he had many guests to stay and then it was usually guys.  But even the sight of a naked male butt could sometimes raise the flagpole.

As he stroked, Jenny switched off the shower and stepped out.  Before she reached for a towel she studied herself in the mirror.  Her tits were glistening wet from the water droplets hung from end of her erect nipples.  Her smooth pussy also glistened with moisture and she knew it wasn't all water from the shower.  She had been thinking about her father under the shower and what she would like him to being doing her at the precise moment.  She trembled and moaning slightly she wrapped herself in a large towel.

She walked back into the bedroom and lay down on the bed and unwrapped the towel and opened her legs.  Her cunt was hot and slippery and her fingers slipped in easily.

Gifford kept on stroking even though his naked granddaughter was now out of camera range.  He cursed as he realised he hadn't bothered to fit a cam inside the bedroom.  He tried to recall the sight of his granddaughter's naked breasts as he stroked faster and came quickly.

Dinner was a stilted affair and Jenny was grateful when it finished.  The dining room was dark and sombre and made Jenny feel depressed.  She had worn a dark loose fitting dress for dinner, which was calf-length.  It was in dark brown and covered up her figure.  Gifford smiled to himself as he saw what she was wearing, he knew what lay underneath but the problem was how to gain access to it?

"I choose to spend time in my study after dinner Jenny, I have an extensive library which you may use." Books! Jenny nearly screamed.  She didn't like, need, or read books.  Books were for dusty, fusty old guys like her grandpa.  But, as her grandfather didn't possess a TV and her mother hadn't allowed her to bring her headset out of the car, the hated book library it was.

Jenny has nosed miserably around the shelves for the best part of an hour.  Gifford's library hasn't yielded up one interesting tome of any consequence but Jenny had pulled out one old-looking book and plonked herself down in a nearby chair and opened it.  

Gifford smiled to himself as he switched off his computer.  Some cyber-sex, preceded by some red-hot emails had twitched his cock a little.  He had two regular e-mail buddies who stoked his fires for him.  One was an expert in retro-porn and had recently sent him some vintage photographs, which had had him drooling with pleasure.  One in particular had excited him so much he had had to cum all over it when he had printed it off.  Looking at it now he struck by the likeness of the blonde girl to his granddaughter; Gifford knew he had to recreate the scene in this picture but how?

Jenny spent the next few evenings in the library going out of her head with boredom.  The black gardeners hadn't shown again much to her disappointment; how she would have liked to get to know them better.  Her friend Mary-Beth had fucked a couple of older black guys and had told her over how satisfying their big cocks had been. Jenny had thought she might get a taste of it while she was there if she could. That would teach her horrible, rotten dad a lesson.

Therefore, she had spent her days wondering around her grandfather's land.  Once a working farm, it still had some cattle and Gifford grew cobs of corn as part of their feed.  Jenny had one day looked at these with interest and having picked some wondered off to a secluded corner and slipped her panties off.  Jason had shown her some toys on a website and told her he would be ordering some for them.  Though he liked to cock fuck her, her father thought it would be good to try out some large vibes and dongs to stretch her pussy walls.

As she lay down, she thought of her father and sad tears slid down her cheeks. As she rubbed her slit to wetness she thought about the taste and feel of his cock, rubbing harder as she imagined the taste and feel of it in her mouth, between her tits and in her cunt.  She missed him so much.  At least if she practiced some with the cobs she would be able to take whatever size vibe or dong he wanted her to. 

She tried the smallest cob first but it was too small and she couldn't feel it when she slipped it in.  The second one was slightly larger but still did nothing, the fourth largest she tried fitted much better even if it didn't stretch her.  Finally the sixth one slipped it with a little difficulty and made her gasp and sigh.  That was much better.  She left it in, and with eyes closed, played with her tits.  

She giggled as she thought of what her miserable grandfather would say if he could see her, naked with a large cob of corn in between her legs.  Strangely, she found the idea of her grandfather seeing her naked was turning her on and she was soon pushing the cob in and out as fast as she could.  Loudly, she came and lay trembling for some time before pulling on her clothes.  She stood up and realised she hadn't put her bra on.  Well too late, she thought pushing it into her pocket it'd have to stay off.  As she walked back towards the house she thought how nice it was for her breasts to be bouncing free again.

Mrs Clancy watched the young girl walk up the pathway and smiled.  What a desirable little package she was with her long blonde hair blowing in the breeze and huge blue eyes.  The housekeeper slid her fingers into her wet pussy and worked them furiously as she thought of Jenny and what she could teach her. 

Back in her bedroom Jenny threw off her clothes and turned on the shower.  She needed a shower; her work out with the corncobs had left her hot and sweaty.  She had found out by careful questioning from her grandfather's fusty, frumpy old housekeeper that the gardeners only came to the house once a week at this time of year.  Jenny had nearly cried with frustration, she had been looking forward to teasing and tasting some juicy black cock.  It was her father's entire fault she reasoned, if she had to be left in some mausoleum it was only right she had some fun.

She stood under the shower soaping her breasts. Although she was still growing, her father was unwavering they needed to be bigger and he had obtained the details of a surgeon who would enlarge them at least two cup sizes to begin with as he wanted.   Her mother hadn't dismissed the idea outright when her daughter had mentioned a possible operation; her reply had been that if that what she wanted neither she nor her father couldn't stop her.  Of course, neither Jenny nor Jason had any idea that her mother would gladly welcome the idea.  

Jenny switched off the water and climbed out of the shower, not even bothering to pull a towel around her she walked naked back into her bedroom.  She stood in front of the mirror and stared at her reflection fingering her pussy.  She liked to see herself naked, always had done, even when she was younger. Her dad had taken recently taken some nude photos of her and she would have liked to imagine them on an adult web site somewhere, total strangers jerking off over images of her tits and cunt.  She and her friends sometimes looked at the photos on some of these sites commenting on some of the girls whose boyfriends and husbands had posted. However, she knew her dad wouldn't ever put them on a site; they were just for him he said.  

Just then there was a knock on the door and Jenny had only time to snatch up a towel as Mrs Clancy popped her head around the door.  "Oh Miss!" she exclaimed, "I'm sorry to intrude."

Jenny pulled the towel up in front of her but she didn't have time to wrap it.  "Oh, I've just had a shower.  I was a little hot from my walk."

The housekeeper smiled.  "Yes, I saw you from the window.  You can get hot and bothered after a long walk."  She walked into the room, shutting the door behind her.  "Is there anything you need Miss?" 

Jenny smiled and relaxed, letting the towel slip a little.  "No, I'm fine thank you."

"Have you enough towels of the right size?"  She eyed the towel that Jenny was holding up in front of her nakedness.  "Only that one seems a little small" The younger woman had her back to a mirror and Mrs Clancy could see her nakedness in it.  

She could feel the older woman's eyes on her and it was making her feel hot and excited.  She let the towel to slip a little further.  "It's ok".

Mrs Clancy laughed.  "Now if one of the gardeners had walked in on you, would you be holding the towel so closely?"  Jenny hesitated and shook her head causing the housekeeper to laugh again.  "Well, why don't you just hand it to me?"  

Jenny wavered as the housekeeper held her hands out for the towel before handing it over.  The housekeeper smirked, as she looked the younger woman up and down.  "Well, dear you have got a nice pair of tits there, may I touch them?"

She didn't wait for a reply before she stroked one of Jenny erect nipples with the tip of her finger causing Jenny to tremble.  "Oh, such a smooth pussy." She stroked down between the younger woman's legs.  "Mm, like silk.  Damp silk.  Something tells me you like what I'm doing to you.  Do you like it?"

Jenny nodded.  "Well, why don't we sit down on the bed together."  Jenny sat and the older housekeeper unbuttoned her dress before joining her.  She pulled Jenny's hand between her legs where the crisp hair felt damp.  "You like that?"

Nodding, Jenny caressed the older woman's hairiness before leaning over and nuzzling one of her nipples, biting on it softly.  The housekeeper sighed before saying,  "Ah, I must return the favour" Jenny sat as the older woman kissed and fondled her firm breasts before sucking on her nipples. As she sucked each in turn she blew on them softly causing the younger woman to groan.

Mrs Clancy stood up and shed her dress before climbing naked on the bed beckoning the younger woman to follow.  She laid Jenny back and lay down beside her.  "Have you done this before?  With a woman I mean?"  Jenny nodded but didn't say with whom.  "Ah, experimenting were we?" The housekeeper laughed and she pinched a firm nipple.  "Cunt on cunt can be so exciting though a cock can be fulfilling too."

Mrs Clancy took possession of Jenny's mouth and plundered it long and hard with her tongue.  The younger woman returned the kiss as passionately and the two women stroked, caressed and kissed each other until they were damp and trembling.

"Mm, time for a proper taste of your pussy I think."  Jenny shut her eyes in pleasure as the older woman gave her cunt a thorough inspection with her tongue.  Her clit was nibbled and bitten softly and then roughly, her fat pussy lips licked, softly bitten and stroked.  Next her nipples were sucked on, tugged, pulled and bitten alternatively gently and then with force. She felt bereft when the older woman lifted her head and lay on her back.  "My turn..."

Jenny returned the tonguing favour until Mrs Clancy was trembling. "You little vixen," she moaned, "you little cunt-eater."  She leaned over and felt under the bed, producing the empty wine bottle she had brought into the room with her.  "Now for your punishment. Lean back and open those legs nice and wide"  

The younger woman was so wet the bottle slipped in easily as Mrs Clancy kissed her deeply again, her tongue thrusting in and out of Jenny's mouth in rhythm with the bottle.  She paused and lifted her head and smiled down at Jenny, "Mm, that bottle looks so good in your cunt.  I wish I had a picture of it."

Jenny felt herself trembling.  "Does it look as good as it feels?"  She sat up on her elbows.  "I've never been fucked with a bottle before."  She must remember to get her father to do it.

The housekeeper caressed Jenny's plump pussy lips either side of the bottle.  "It looks superb though one has to be extremely careful of course."  She leaned down and lightly kissed the young woman's pussy.  "You took that easily enough and it's quite a big bottle."  She laughed and pulled it out before sliding it in again.  I don't think taking those gardener's big fat black cocks would be a problem..."

Jenny groaned as the bottle went in and out again.  "You've fucked them?" she asked between gasps.  The thought of those black cocks inside her was adding to her pleasure. The older woman smiled and nodded and pulled the bottle out further before pushing it back in to bring Jenny to the edge but not quite letting her cum.

"Yes, they were very rough but worth it for the fucking I got.  My turn."  Handing Jenny a large dong she lay back and opened her legs wide.  "See if you can fuck me with this vibe while that bottle is still in.  Be very careful though."  Jenny very carefully moved and leaned over, slipping the dong between the older woman's legs and smirked as it went in easily.

She nuzzled and sucked the older woman's nipples as she worked the dong mindful of her own filled cunt.  "Oh, fuck I'm cumming."  Jenny leaned back and gasped as Mrs Clancy played the bottle in and out of her wet cunt.  "Oh fuck, oh fuck, harder, harder," she begged as she trembled and shook, finally laying limply as the orgasm subsided.

The housekeeper pulled the bottle out gently and licked it with obvious pleasure.  "Mm, your young cunt-juices taste so good."  Jenny was smug with satisfaction as she watched the older woman before remembering she wasn't finished yet.  The housekeeper gasped and cried as she was bought to orgasm.  The two women lay in each other's arms as their breath returned.

Mrs Clancy toyed with Jenny's tits.  "So lovely and firm.  How big are these beauties?"  Jenny told her and then mentioned she was hoping to get them enlarged.  The housekeeper nodded in approval.  "Good, the bigger the better.  You can carry a much larger cup size."

"And so smooth down here as well."  She placed her hand between the younger woman's legs and kept it there, stroking softly.  "I don't bother to shave mine but I think a younger pussy looks much nicer bare.  My husband like's mine bushy so he can pull at it."

"You're married?"  Jenny looked up at the older woman in surprise.

"Yes of course I am my dear.  But he has his interests... and I have mine."  She looked down at Jenny breasts and dropped a light kiss of each nipple.  "He works away and neither of us asks questions..."
