 As my brother drove our Winnebago up the driveway past the Our Little Secret sign, I silently asked myself, "Aurora, are you sure you want to stay at this spooky old Victorian Inn?" I assured myself how intriguing it all sounded in that story I'd been following in Literotica. After all, we needed a little R&R before we initiated our next group of prodigies. Louise, the proprietor, greeted Michael, our protégé Alicia and myself graciously then explained that there would be additional evening-only guests for the Lingerie and Cards Night. Laura, a permanent resident, said she hoped we all played Euchre and introduced her husband, Doug.

Doug walked Michael back toward the shore of Lake Francis, to show off his boat and watch a freighter churn up the water of the St. Lawrence Seaway as it went by. Laura took Alicia and I aside and invited us into the lingerie shop that is part of their Inn. Last June I saw a hand-fitted bras sign in the window of a lingerie shop and remembered my promise to myself. So bold as brass, I asked for a custom bra fitting. Laura led us through a dining room door, into her little boutique. Alicia and I perused the displays of silky lingerie while Laura drew a curtain across behind a display case. Behind the curtain, in her makeshift fitting room, Laura removed my top then checked out the little see-through black nylon bra I was wearing. 

Laura looked my breasts over and over, pulling my bra here and there then said, "No, No, Aurora, the straps are too narrow, the cups are too small, they don't breathe and they're squashing flat those lovely big nipples of yours!" She measured me, searched through a display of boxed bras and opened one. "You see," she began, "this Montreal made bra has double layers of an airy-weave eyelet-cotton, sandwiching an open-centered, molded mesh cup." She turned the cup inside out, poked in the center of one cup and continued: "See how my fingertips stretched so easily through the center of the Cup? This allows your nipples extra ventilation and space to expand with temperature changes and your excitement levels."

Laura helped me out of my old brassiere and had me bend over at the waist so my breasts settled perfectly into the new bra's cups. She had me cup my boobs with my hands then straighten up. Laura hooked up the back strap then adjusted the shoulder straps perfectly. She stretched and smoothed the wrinkles out of the bra cups then intentionally, I thought, traced her forefinger across one and then my other nipple! I shivered a little from Laura's unexpected casual touch and my nipples began to pop up slightly.

"It fits nicely, Aurora?" she asked, to which I nodded yes. Laura continued, "Walk around the room quickly if you would and you will see how well supported and cool this unique brassiere keeps your bosoms."

I did as she directed, quickly noticing it indeed let cooling air circulate through to my skin. That bra also held my breasts perkier and at a different angle to what I was used to, tickling my nipples as they jiggled!

"You see what I mean?" she continued. "And now with this coolness pleasing your breasts you know why there's space made for these to grow!" Laura said as she gave both of my nipples nasty little twists! She pulled my tank top down over her head and arms, dragged me over to a mirror and exclaimed, "Alicia, see how sexy this makes her look as she walks now!"

My nipples were so erect they hurt, but I had to admit her talented little bra made me look and feel so good!

"Now you must have the matching panties," she insisted. When I hesitated, Laura pointed out that while strutting around with her new bra outside and in cool shopping malls, I'd begin to notice admiring glances from strangers, which will in turn cause my vagina to moisten with excitement. To contend with that she insisted I wear the matching, loose fitting, full-cut briefs whose lacy leg openings will tickle my labia as I walked. Laura pulled a pair from their box, showed us that they were made of the same airily woven, diamond patterned, eyelet cotton and then insisted I wear them immediately! 

Before I could protest, Laura had my skirt up, my panties around my ankles and then remarked, "Oh my, you should be trimmed closer for maximum stimulation." 

As quick as a wink she pushed me back on a low display case, whipped off my old panties, spread my legs and began to shave my pussy with the electric bikini trimmer that she plucked from a drawer! I tried to push her away but Laura just hoisted her leg and crawled up on top of me so I couldn't move. The comb-shrouded little battery shaver buzzed over my pussy lips so exquisitely that all strength ebbed from my arms and legs. 

Alicia just watched, dumbfounded, as ten seconds later I felt Laura's cool breath blow away the clippings. I felt her tickle my new panties up my ankles and over my knees. She pulled me up then helped me get back up on my feet. Laura tugged the panties' waistband up over my hips, smoothed down my skirt then picked up her calculator and began to tally up my purchases.

"So Alicia, has anything caught your eye?" Laura asked then led my dear friend behind the curtain!

Dazed and thoroughly shaken, I wandered around the house and the gardens that led down to the lake. The constant tickling of the bra on my cool nipples and the panties rubbing against her shorn labia and clitoris indeed had me excited! Over supper Alicia and I giggled about our "hands on" lingerie shopping experiences while Michael listened on in complete confusion.

By 8 PM six women, all wearing similar short summer dresses, were seated around the dining room table and four assorted husbands plus Michael and Doug were reclining on sofas in the living room, intently watching guy stuff from the TV satellite. Alicia and I were invited to sit in since the last of the card players hadn't arrived. Split into two groups, they played four hands of Euchre before Karla and Sophie, the last players, arrived dragging a large suitcase down the hall.

"No board talk under the table for a while ladies, we don't want to upset our fresh victims, do we?" Laura continued then disappeared with Sophie and her huge suitcase, down the stairs at the other side of the kitchen.

After about twenty minutes, Laura and Sophie clomped back upstairs, peeking under the table as they climbed. "I said no board talk yet girls!" Laura repeated, causing two pairs of women across from each other to blush. 

Louise stood up and spoke, "Yes dear friends, behave for our guest because this meeting of the Richelieu River Pirates Support Group is now officially in session!"

Jeanine touched Alicia's shoulder and began, "Do tell us all about your encounter with our dear Laura." 

"Oh yes do!!!" they all repeated in unsettling unison.

When she mentioned that Laura fitted her for a bra and underwear they all just smiled knowingly. Sophie informed Monique she'd brought new products to show and escorted her downstairs. As the rest of them played on, a clickety-click noise began to rise from a floor grille at the other end of the dining room. A couple of women shook their heads then Laura muttered, "She's in rare form tonight gals so you'd better get yourselves prepared."

One by one as a game finished, another woman would give up her seat to the pink- faced woman returning back from downstairs. After a few moments, the clickety-click would resume for ten minutes or so and then five minutes later, yet another would give up her seat to the returning player. The men would nod and smile up at each woman as she walked through the living room, back into the dining room. They'd talk in low tones a moment or so then resume watching their program. I had no idea what they were watching but knew it wasn't a high action thing because there were no cheers, explosions or gunshots. 

The women were the most uneven card players I'd ever encountered. One minute they'd be all sultry looking, the next they'd be all dreamy looking and whenever they'd return from downstairs they'd be all invigorated and play with profound intensity. When all but two of them had visited the product show, Karla let fly a card toward me that slid off onto the floor. I reached down to retrieve the card and was flabbergasted at what I saw under the table. Celine and Renée sat facing each other, as did Monique and Jeanine. Their short summer skirts were hiked up, their opposite legs were stretched out straight, they were wearing no underwear whatsoever and they were obviously playing Footsie with each other's pussy under the table! Could this have been the "Table Talk" Laura spoke of? When I rose back up with her retrieved card, every face at the table was staring directly at me! 

Renée rose up, smoothing down her skirts, and said to me, "Why don't you play with Karla until it's her turn?" 

No sooner than she had settled in her chair, something soft and warm touched in between my knees! Every time my new partner dealt me a card, she paused a second then her eyes pierced into mine. Karla gave me a good hand and when Jeanine on my right passed, I made it Hearts. 

"Hearts, alone?" Karla asked, staring into my eyes.

"No, with help from my partner," I responded with the same phrase I'd heard from them countless times.

That phrase must have been the under-table talk Laura warned of, for Karla's warm foot pushed my legs apart and speared its big toe against my privates, while the other foot urged my foot up between her wide-spread thighs! I rested my foot on the front edge of Karla's chair but she immediately reached down, dragged my foot up between her thighs then began to swish her big toe back and forth against my genitals! My eyes just about popped out when I felt her big toe hook through the leg band of my panties, push their crotch out of the way and then poke right into my surprised pussy! Karla's hand reached out once more, wrapped her fingers around my ankle then rammed my toes over double against her warm, panty-less and equally hairless pussy.

.

I frankly didn't know what to do next and my big toe was very uncomfortable, so I straightened it up. Karla fanned her eyes closed and exhaled slowly as my toe suddenly felt all hot and wet! 

"Your lead, Aurora," she breathed out ever so lustily.

She led her Jack of Hearts then wiggled her toe down a couple of times. Jeanine played the Jack of Diamonds and I felt some comfort in how she was playing. Karla threw away a Ten of Spades and when Celine put down the King of Hearts, I knew we had the hand. Relaxed, I set out the Ace of Hearts and pushed my toe into Karla a little deeper. We took turns signaling back and forth and after two hands, I pretty much understood all the signals. Multiple toe flicks to the right indicated the number of Trumps in one's hand, while toe flicks to the left told the number of Aces held. A hard lift up meant Trump higher and a toe push down meant throw away.

Dirty Euchre was all so simple yet ingeniously imaginative. I hadn't quite figured out yet what clockwise or counter-clockwise toe circles meant, so I tried one out. What it meant was: Loud Obscene Pussy Squawks Should Be Avoided Because Everyone Then Knows That Board Talk Cheating Is Going On Under The Table!!! 

Just as the hand was finishing with our resounding victory, the returning player said, "Sophie's waiting for you Karla," to which she responded, "I can wait a little longer so let Alicia check out the goodies and while I teach Aurora here our house rules for Euchre." After about fifteen minutes of intense card plating and constant under table "board talk" my dear friend returned and told me it was my turn to see Sophie's wares.

I smoothed down my skirt, but as I demurely stood up and began to turn toward the kitchen, I sensed all eyes were sneakily on me. I cautiously stepped down the stairs, but was instantly relieved by what I saw. The basement was finished as a recreation hall. There was a dance hall with a revolving disco mirror ball on the ceiling, dark green sea foam flooring, nice old barn wood wainscoting half way up the walls plus a hot tub room at one end.

Spread out over several folding tables were displays of the oddest selection of naughty items. There were rubber dildos, vibrators, and pussy stimulators of every kind, plus obscene penis candles, lesbian books and videos as well as restraint devices. When I moved toward what looked like a wireless computer mouse, Sophie mentioned, "This little Dr. Ho model is a real favorite with career gals, drivers and walkers. She picked it up in one hand, whipped up the front of my skirt, stretched out the waistband of my panties and then stuffed it down inside. From the outside Sophie shoved the tapered end back along my crotch, gave its button a quick tap through my underwear and away buzzed the best panty liner I'd ever felt! 

As I sauntered along the table, I pointed at some pewter spider-shaped objects with little pins sticking into the ½ inch holes in their centers. "Janet Jackson nipple jewelry is pricey and not all that trendy anymore, but the bra Laura sold you will accommodate them quite nicely," she explained. "However, my variation on Louise's invention is very inexpensive and a lot more exciting," Sophie continued.

She peeled off my blouse and undid my bra insisting, "You must try this!" 

Sophie picked up an 18 inch long piece of little-finger thickness clear vinyl hose then threaded it through the little plastic loop at one end of an eyeglasses cord. She centered that end of the hose over my right nipple then sucked strongly on the other end. I watched her poor little teat bloat up and suck a good inch up inside the tubing! As quick as a wink, Sophie pushed the eyeglasses cord loop off the end of the hose onto the base of my huge teat then released her suction on the other end. A quick pull and the biggest and reddest nipple that I could ever imagine, was snared there soundly! Sophie looped the cord up over the back of my neck, brought it down and then threaded the free end onto the hose. She promptly sucked up and snared my left teat so I had a matching pair of ripe raspberries on a string, poking out of my melons!

Gorged with blood, they just glared up at me as Sophie picked up a little strap affair, kind of like an ancient sanitary pad belt. Instead of a pad, a pink vinyl votive-candle shaped object was attached to the convergence of the straps.

"It's called a Love Petals but I call it a pussy plug," she muttered as she retrieved the vibrating mouse from my panties. Sophie pushed my knees apart, cinched up the straps around my hips, shoved the plug into my pussy then tugged my panties back up! "Walk around the room and enjoy the full feeling it'll give your vulva," she directed then picked up a peculiar little vaginal vibrator thing with what looked like a pointy tongue on its end and clicked it on. I was right and the Tongue II wiggled its rubbery tongue ferociously as Sophie led me over toward the doors in the corner.

"The hot tub's on the left and the exercise bike is here on the right," she pointed out. Sophie let me peek at the Jacuzzi briefly but then steered me right into the bike room. It was only about 5 feet wide by 8 feet long, but full-length wardrobe mirrors were to the front of and flanking the bike, making the room seem bigger. The bike was one those old spoke front wheel types with stationary handlebars.

Sophie pulled a towel off the bike seat, exposing a round opening in the center of it. She backed up beside the bike then crouched down. She ran her fingers along a link rod that connected the pedal crank to another pedal crank, halfway up the seat post. She grabbed a pedal with her hand and as she spun it around a half turn, a sinister looking dildo poked its ugly head up 8 inches out of the hole! She cranked the pedals a couple of revolutions so I could see how the dildo would piston up and down with pedaling.

Sophie hiked up her skirt, squeezed a blob of KY lubricant into her palm then smeared it all over the dildo. She wound it halfway down, wiped her slimy hand off on her pussy then climbed aboard the exercise bike. She wiggled and squirmed a little then sank right down onto the seat! "And now for the best bike ride known to womankind!" she exclaimed and began to pedal.

I couldn't see what was happening from where I stood, but it didn't take much to figure out what was going on after Sophie began to pedal. After a minute or so, she slurped up off that magnificent erection then wiped it clean with baby wipes from the shelf.

Sophie unzipped my skirt saying, "This'll get in the way!" Sophie reached inside my panties, undid the Love Petals' straps, licked the pussy plug off then said, "You're pretty wet already so we'd better not goop up your new underwear." She whipped them down around my calves then slapped my ankles to get me step out of them.

Sophie reapplied vaginal lubricant to the dildo, wound it down, wiped her slimy hand across my pussy then hoisted my right leg over and onto the pedal. From behind, Sophie pulled my butt over toward the seat then assisted me up onto the pedals. She directed me to push the pedals a quarter turn and then she put her hands on my hips then plunked my bottom down on that big seat! 

Well, feeling the knob of that dildo splitting my vulva still came as a surprise, even though I knew it was coming! Sophie reached down around me, placed her hands on my knees and pumped the pedal down slightly. After three little introductory pumps, on the fourth she shoved down hard on my left knee and told me I was on her own. Mindlessly I followed her aggressive direction and wham, wham, wham, with every pump that nasty dildo would piston up and down through my vagina!

When I attempted to stop, Sophie pushed down on my knee again and whispered, "This'll limber up your thighs and your pussy too, so pedal like you're in training for the Sexual Olympics."

I continued to heed the advice of my newfound personal trainer, pumped faster and then it started, the clickety-click. That same noise she'd heard for two hours shot a revelation through my brain. As card games were being played upstairs, more pussy games were being played downstairs!

As my legs pumped up and down I felt that latex dildo thump up and down through my cunt. On each stroke it pulled right out of my pussy then punched right back in again. The lips of my labia were taking a terrible battering, but I didn't care. No heavy belly was pushing on me. No scratchy, hairy thighs were thumping against my pelvis and no prickly testicles were slapping against my ass! After three or four minutes my endorphins must have kicked in and my thighs no longer ached. All I felt was penis power raging through me every time my thighs pushed down.

I was totally addicted like the others and knew it. I looked down as I pedaled merrily along and noticed that the small mirror mounted on the handlebars was directly focused on my crotch. I watched the shiny wet knob appear and disappear into the seat and watched it punch my labia lips in and then jerk them out with each revolution.

I looked up at myself in the wardrobe mirror in front of me and saw a normally attractive, now red-faced woman with sweaty forehead, neck, breasts and hair, staring back, open-mouthed. In the right-side mirror I saw my breasts cone up and stretch out as Sophie pulled up on the nipples cord. My aureoles were drawn out like saltwater taffy as I arched her neck back and strained against the nipple-snare lanyards. My view however, in the left-side mirror was blocked. Sophie was advancing the Tongue vibrator up between my legs!

The flapping pink tongue hit my clitoris with such a flurry of tickling slaps that I thought I was going to scream! Sophie was ruthless in her attacks on my nipples and clit and watching her tortures made me all the more excited! I tried to keep pumping but my thighs were quivering uncontrollably. The sight of my red raspberry nipples and my shiny jellybean-sized clitoris did me in. I shook and quivered as the tremors tore up through my loins, through my abdomen! Then like bolts of lightning, my orgasm shot out through my nipples and clitoris!!!
