 I sighed and poured myself a glass of wine, it had been a long, rough day and I stretched to relieve the tension in my back as I took my first sip. My brief respite was interrupted by the chime of my cell phone as it heralded the arrival of an e-mail. I pressed a few buttons and read through the latest offering from the zen e-mail daemon... Visualization... imagine all you want in life and it will come to be.... Yeah, right, I thought I'll just conjure up a beautiful woman and all my needs will be fulfilled! I chuckled to myself as I kicked off my shoes and headed into the bedroom to find something more comfortable to wear.

As I was stripping I heard the rumble of thunder in the distance. Oh, great just what I need when I am lonely, tired and horny as hell. I slipped an old worn T-shirt over my head and stepped into a pair of loose fitting shorts, grabbing my meditation mat and heading for the back door.

Most people would think I am insane but I really don't give a fuck what anyone thinks of me. At my age it's a privilege. Old enough to know better but still too young to care fits me well and I wear it with pride, right along with the gray hair and wrinkles. I let myself out the door to the screened in porch. My backyard is a small clearing in the woods. It's large enough that if a tree on the edge fell it would be unlikely to hit me and I figure if I am not the highest object around I am a bit more safe.  

Lightning streaked across the sky as I laid out my mat and settled down into the classic cross legged pose in the center of the clearing. Yes, I was going to meditate through a thunderstorm. I've always loved the slow build up and wild release of tension in a storm, to me it's like natures orgasm shaking the ground, with the wind whipping up the passion and the rain so hard it stings your skin. There was a faint whimper from the porch as my two small dogs, both terrified of storms, sniffed my pile of discarded clothing and then ran back indoors where it was "safe".

Goose bumps raised over my naked skin and my nipples hardened painfully as I took several large calming breaths and willed my muscles to relax. The flashes of lightening were becoming more frequent and I could just barely feel the ground tremble as the thunder moved ever nearer. The pain and stiffness of the arthritis in my knees and back slipped away as I focused my consciousness inward gathering calm and strength. I conjured up a healing warmth to run slowly over my limbs and center in the pit of my stomach radiating calm and flushing away all the troubles and cares of the day. In that fleeting moment between focus inward and focus outward that trivial little e-mail intruded and I smiled. Ah, why the hell not. As I shifted focus outward to become one with the swaying grass and waving trees her face entered my mind. 

The storm was nearly upon me now, and my body seemed in tune with my surroundings. My heart pounded to the beat of the thunder and each bolt of lightening brought a delicious shudder through my being. I shook my head to clear my soaked hair from my eyes and fling drops in every direction as I noticed something on the edge of the clearing. A pale figure emerged from the edge of the woods moving slowly toward me. 

I shook my head again as she stopped before me at the edge of the mat. What the hell... surely this was just my imagination and horniness going into overdrive. The hand she laid upon my shoulder as she sank down to her knees on the mat before me sure felt real enough, and my breathing accelerated at the touch. I unfolded my legs as she settled over my lap kissing me. Our hands roamed wildly over each others bodies as the storm built in intensity around us. 

She pushed me back onto the mat as she thrust her thigh between my legs opening them. I raised my thigh slightly feeling it press into her heat as we ground against one another. Her lips left mine to slide down my neck to my shoulder. Like a choreographed dance we writhed on the mat, hands sliding between bodies to find heated cores, fingers thrusting in time with our legs as we both began to moan. As I teetered on the edge of what felt to be an enormous orgasm she sank her teeth painfully into my shoulder, then I was screaming into the raging storm as wave after wave overcame me and I felt her spasm around my fingers. 

As she rose from me she kissed first my shoulder then my lips and when I opened my eyes, she was gone. The storm was receding into the distance, the rain a mere sprinkle on my chilled body as I gathered myself and picked up my mat, still looking around the clearing to the edges of the wood. Was it real? Had that just happened? or was it just a figment of my imagination?

I retrieved my wine and scooped up my clothes on my way back into the house. Toweling my wet hair as I entered the bathroom to draw a hot bath, I suddenly stopped dead in my tracks before the mirror. There, on my shoulder, was a perfect set of teeth marks rapidly purpling into a nice bruise.

Visualization... Imagine all you want in life and it will come to be.