 First off I'd like to thank everyone who read my first story, I wasn't sure how it would be received by the community, with all the positive feedback I received I couldn't not write the next chapter. I'm contemplating writing a series to parallel these stories, but they would be from Anna's perspective. Let me know what you think. Thank you again, and with that, here is Chapter 2. 

*

Anna stood up and pulled Amanda against her by grabbing her firm butt cheeks. Anna, still grabbing Amanda, backed up until her back was against the wall. "Now its your turn, I've waited so long for this Amanda, fuck me, please," Anna moaned as she undid her top releasing a large set of breasts. Amanda stared in awe, and couldn't help herself, she started kissing Anna's breasts. "Oh yes, you like that?" Amanda said between kisses. Anna put a hand behind Amanda's head and pushed Amanda's face closer to her breast. With her other hand she started to push her skirt down, giving Amanda a clear view of the fishnet crotch-less panties Anna was wearing. Amanda began kissing Anna's neck as she slipped a finger into Anna's awaiting pussy. "Oh God," Anna screamed as she arched her back moving her hips to match the rhythm of Amanda's hand. Amanda nibbled on Anna's neck as she repeatedly slammed her fingers into Anna's wet cunt. "Please Amanda don't stop," Anna moaned weakly. 

"Yes Doctor Anna," Amanda said seductively as she began kissing lower and lower. Once she reached Anna's pussy she teased her by lightly running her tongue around Anna's pussy lips. Anna moaned louder this time and said, "Amanda I need you now." She used both hands to press Amanda's face into her dripping pussy. Amanda was a bit taken aback at first by Anna's forcefulness, but the thought quickly left her mind as she slid her tongue into Anna's juicy pussy. Anna threw her head back, arched her back, spread her legs, and practically sat on Amanda's face. She started slowly bouncing up and down while pushing Amanda's face into her cunt. Amanda couldn't help herself, she rolled backwards onto her back, and pulled Anna on-top of her by her hips. Anna giggled in excitement and said, "Oh yeah, you like my wet cunt in your face?" Anna was straddling Amanda's face as Amanda ate out Anna's throbbing pussy. Anna closed her eyes and began grabbing her firm tits, she grabbed them and began licking them as if her life depended on it. Suddenly she opened her eyes as every muscle in her body tensed, she knew she was about to squirt, but all she managed to say was a high pitched, "Oh" before she knew it she heard Amanda moaning as Anna's warm juices flooded her mouth. Amanda pulled Anna's hips closer to her face so she could taste all of Anna's warm juices. Once Anna finished squirting, she rolled off of Amanda, every muscle in her body was tired. Amanda lay there with Anna's juices covering her face. She could still feel the warmth from Anna's pussy, and never wanted to forget what it felt like. Both girls lay on the floor breathing heavily in nothing more than stockings. 

"That was amazing," Anna said, still trying to catch her breath. When Amanda didn't respond Anna looked over to see her fingering herself. "That girl just doesn't stop," Anna said to herself with a giggle. She sat across from Amanda's spread legs and stretched her long leg out so it lay on Amanda's chest, as she slowly started rubbing Amanda's boob with her stocking clad foot Amanda said, "Anna, you're amazing, please fuck my pussy." Amanda took both hands and guided Anna's foot around her boob, and even began to suck Anna's toes through her stockings. Anna reached behind her and found what she was looking for, one of the high heel shoes she wore to work today. She got on all fours and slipped the thick heel into Amanda's pussy. 

"Fuck, Anna, oh god, please don't stop, I need this," Amanda moaned. Anna repeatedly fucked Amanda's pussy with the heel of her shoe until she saw Amanda's body tense, then she quickly removed the heel and let Amanda regain her composure before slamming the heel into Amanda's pussy, but rougher this time. 

"Please Anna let me cum," moaned Amanda loudly. 

"I will decide when you cum," said Anna. Right as she said this she saw Amanda's toes curl up, and her body tense. She removed the heel again, and slapped Amanda's pussy a few times.

"Oww," Amanda said softly. Anna placed the heel into Amanda's almost gushing cunt, and slid it in and out until Amanda began moaning again.

"Please, Anna please, let me cum, please," Amanda moaned loudly. Anna removed the heel and licked Amanda's pussy, she spread her pussy lips and thrust her tongue in as far as she could. Amanda began using her hips to thrust her pussy against Anna's face while screaming wildly. She squirted like she never had before. She couldn't stop herself as she gushed warm juices all over Anna's face. Anna continued to lick Amanda until she finished squirting. With Amanda's tasty juices running down her face she smiled at Amanda and winked. Amanda thought to herself "What a visit to the doctors."