 I was simply plain. Plain and simple, that was me.

I was held back a few times in school and no one seemed to care. Certainly not me. I was just going through the motions. I kept to myself, seldom speaking to anyone. I didn't have many friends and sex was just something that I dreamed about - a lot actually!

My hair was dark and curly, hanging well past my shoulder blades. I seldom did anything with it. I never wore makeup. My clothes were a cross between dull and boring. My 5'4" frame was slim and slight with little 32b bumps acting as boobs. I blended in wherever I went. That's why I was caught by surprise When Heather, captain of the volleyball team, all 6'1 inches of Barbi-doll beauty, stopped me in the hallway saying, "Hi." 

Frozen, I stared up into her sparkling blue eyes, unable to speak. Heather giggled, gently ran her fingers along my cheek saying, "Are you OK?"

Other than trembling from her touch I guess I was fine as I felt the heat rising in my face. It was more than heat, it was fire! "My, my you are warm and a bit flushed," Heather consoled softly. She backed me up to the lockers and towered over me. I felt like a little girl and not the eighteen year old woman I was purported to be. 

Heather close-talked me for a while and I don't remember speaking, other than to agree to meet her in the gym after class. I do remember blushing, yes, blushing profusely the entire time she spoke with me. I remember her giggling and touching my face repeatedly. And I remember her boobs, blouse undone and cleavage almost poking my nose. When I dared to look down, she caught me. I was mortified. I was overwhelmed by her presence. The intensity of the moment caused my heart to race making me short of breath. Pinching my cheek, "You're cute!" She whispered. I thought I would faint.

My mind turned into fudge. I saw her twice before the end of classes that day. Both times she smiled at me and waived. I couldn't believe that the most beautiful and most popular girl in school even knew I existed, let alone said, "Hi." I turned into mush.

I was still having trouble breathing when I crept into the gym. Heather and a whole bunch of giggling girls rushed over to me. "Here's the girl I told y'all about. Isn't she precious?" She exclaimed, giving me a big hug and smashing my face into her chest. The girls all giggled and took turns hugging me. One, Claire was her name, picked me up causing my skirt to ride up and reveal my pink cotton panties. My butt was slapped hard as one exclaimed, "Pink is such a hot color for you!" Loud laughter took over as the coach turned the corner, scattering the group.

"You!" Pointing at me. "Yeah you, with the deer-in-the-headlights look on your face. "Go to the locker room, ask for Donna and she'll get you started."

That was my beginning as team manager. Manager is really an overstatement! Team grunt is more like it but I really did like it, even on that first day. Donna was a bossy senior. I take direction well so we got along. She taught me how to run the big, commercial washers and dryers. How to keep the locker room clean. How to fold and stack - everything that I needed to know. Well, almost everything.

When practice ended Donna had me stand in the hallway before the shower with an empty basket to collect the dirty clothes. One by one the girls filed by and dropped their used, sweatty clothes into the basket. Each smiled at me, some would greet me or at least acknowledge me and many giggled thowing their clothes at me instead of the basket. I laughed. Then I looked up to see Heather wrapped in a towel. "What's your name?" She asked, staring into my eyes.

"Ann...uh...uh...Annie," I mumbled unable to hold the eye contact.

"Annie, I have a present just for you," she whispered wiggling her finger for me to move closer. "Just for you," she said softly as she opened her towel to show me the the most unbelievable body I have ever seen. My eyes about popped out of my head! She held her arms open for a few seconds. I was riveted, as she stared at me laughing softly. My knnes were weak with humiliation. I was transfixed, in a trance, her trance. I stared at her as she wiggled her perfect butt for me all the way to the shower room.

Coach Ashley broke my trance by saying, "Annie come with me. You can't stare at the naked girls all day!" I was mortified. So humiliated as I meekly followed coach into her office.

"My arm is hurt," she announced matter-of-factly. "Help me get undressed," as she tugged on her top. I stood up on a chair to help her pull off her top and then quickly climbed down to unsnap her bra. She turned to face me, causing another round of monster blushing as I stared at her big, voluptuious breasts with nipples so large that I almost giggled. "You like my boobs, huh, Annie?"

"No...Uh...Yeah...I mean...I don't know!" I stammered, totally flustered. 

Coach just giggled and bossed me saying, "Pants...undies," as I helped her step out of them. "Shoes." 

I knelt down and untied her tennies and peeled off her socks. There I was, kneeling in front of a naked woman. Blushing. Humiliated. Face on fire, heart jumping out of my chest. 

"Heather was right. You will do whatever we want," patting my head in a condescending tone. "Good girl, very good girl. Make the water warm," she ordered pointing to her private shower room.

I turned on the water, adjusted the temperature as coach came into the shower. "Dummy, are you going to shower with your clothes on?" 

"Uh...sorry! I didn't..."

"Didn't what? Didn't think?" she barked at me. Pulling me under the water, laughing hysterically. "Now are you thinking?" She teased. She undressed me. I couldn't protest even if I wanted too. She was too big, too strong and too determined. My clothes were in a ball near the drain and she handed me the soap saying, "Get busy!"

I washed every inch of her. I was on a mission! Clean and sparkling! "Best shower I ever had!" She said loudly, causing me to beam with pride. We stepped out into her office and I dried her off and helped her dress. "Put this on," she said kindly, handing me a little pink mini-sun dress. "When you are done with the laundry you can go home. Thanks," she said giving me kiss on the cheek.

Walking down the hallway, Heather confronted me. Just seeing her caused my little nipples to swell. "I have something for you, close your eyes and open your mouth....Go ahead!" I did as I was told. She stuffed her worn panties into my mouth, laughing loudly. "Here, I didn't want these mixed in with the others, so I saved them just for you," kissing my cheek. "See you tomorrow, Annie."

No, she saw me almost every day for a year! 

(Please let me know if you want me to keep going with this story line. Thanks for reading!!)