 The following story is fictional and involves descriptions of sex and might offend some people.

This is the fifth in a series of reader request stories, this one was inspired by a friend named Faerin, thank you for the idea :)

If you enjoy it, feel free to contact me with story ideas and maybe I can write something from them. They need not include any of my recurring characters.

If you do not enjoy erotic stories involving sex, and quite a lot of story as well I would suggest that you move along.

=========================================

Vixxen and Sam returned from their vacation refreshed, and with their sex life reinvigorated. They had become more comfortable discussing desires and fantasies than ever before.

Vixxen spent some of her time in the office, but not too much as she did not really present much value while providing a distraction to Sam's employees. 

Much of her time was still spent in the gym, in dance class or in yoga, with Vixxen now having her own yoga class, earning a little bit of money. 

Vixxen had learned from past experience that maintaining muscle mass and not gaining a lot of fat was difficult without all of the cardio work from dancing in a club. So she altered her workout and diet to allow for less muscle, and softer tone.

She was able to hold onto her curves for the most part, as the little bit of fat gain that she allowed softened her form, making Sam desire her all the more.

Sam kept at his work, now working on designing a new software firewall for an operating system Vixxen could not pronounce. He said it would be a big thing, if he could finish it and if they could sell it.

Sam had two technicians working for him, two young men who had been with him for a few months. His employees took care of existing clients while Sam worked on his new project.

Sam expanded his hours a bit at the office and worked from home more often. He was trying to find all the progress he could on this project, thinking that it could be huge for the two of them and their fledgling company. They had burned through the money Vixxen brought to the company in building it and capitalizing the needed equipment, and were at this point playing economic catch-up.

The workload did cause some strain on their relationship, as they were not seeing each other much at all. They didn't really fight, but that did not mean they were getting along well at all. The sex slowed to a crawl, and Vixxen noticed as they hit their first ever three-week cold streak.

One night Sam came home with a bottle of decent but inexpensive champagne, in a better mood than he had been in recently. "Good news today baby?" Vixxen asked Sam. 

Sam looked tired, very tired. His eyes were red, and he had not been eating right or working out and it showed, he had put on a little bit of weight in his belly. "I had a breakthrough with the firewall babe," Sam said, smiling. "And I have a customer for it I think, a big one."

Sam described the old man with the younger wife they met on their vacation to Jamaica, and Vixxen was apprehensive right away.

They agreed to no rules on their trip and fooled around with some other couples, the old man and his wife included. But the old man was a pervy old creep. His wife was with him for his money, and he obsessed over Vixxen and was obvious with his intentions.

Vixxen enjoyed sex, but not her time with this old man at the resort in Jamaica. He had treated her as a sexual object, had not cared for her needs, and had not been very good in bed at all. Vixxen had hoped that she had seen the last of Bill, regardless of his interest in Sam's business.

"He didn't ask for me to do anything for him, did he? Nothing creepy or sexual?" Vixxen asked, worrying that the old fucker was using his leverage as an investor and executive with a big tech company to gain favors from Vixxen. She was not going to be that man's whore, no amount of money was worth that. 

Sam smiled and poured the two of them tall glasses of champagne. "Not at all Vixx," Sam replied, handing her a glass. "He invited both of us to New York City to meet at talk about it." Sam drank his glass in one long drink, not common for him. "We are going next week babe, his company is putting us up in a pretty nice hotel for the week."

Well, as long as it isn't about sex Vixxen thought. "You can hang out with his wife, enjoying the city while we work on the details," Sam told his beautiful girlfriend. "This could really be big for us if we land it, it would be a whole new life for us."

The old man and his young wife did not share the same level of pleasure with the prospect of Vixxen and Sam coming to NYC to discuss work.

Bill had talked quite a lot about Vixxen, going on about her beauty, and her flawless body. Nichole was a beautiful young woman, but her body looked flawed next to Vixxen. Her ass was not as toned and muscular, she was fit but had never really had defined abdominal muscles, and while she had perky young breasts which were by no means small, Vixxen's were magnificent.

He also went on at length about what she had done in the bedroom, and what she had let Bill do. Vixxen was much more experienced and far less inhibited with sex than Nichole, by quite a lot.

Nichole had not spent much time sucking her old husband's dick, she didn't like oral sex with men much and didn't care to spend much time looking at her husband's dick. Now her husband was going on about a woman who enjoyed sucking dick, and who also seemed to enjoy swallowing cum.

"What a fucking whore," Nichole thought to herself. She could not understand how any woman could be so interested in such an unattractive body part, or the rather disgusting semen that came out of it.

Nichole had favored the fairer sex since she was in high school, finding herself much more attracted to the feminine form of a woman, than the form of a man. As young as she could remember, her crushes were all on other females. 

Nichole was pretty straight-laced for her husband Bill, not wanting to give him any ideas, as she was sure the old pervert would have her eating pussy every night if he could. She liked women, but she did not like the idea of performing for her husband on women she did not desire, this little bit of her would remain a secret from him.

This was a contrast to her high school years and her year of college, where Nichole was almost exclusive to women. Which is to say she was openly gay in high school.

Nichole was lucky in that she grew up at a time when there was less of a stigma on being gay, and where there was never as much of a stigma on women being into women, in high school it was quite normative. Most of the school thought she was only into girls, but while she did hold some attraction to men, it just wasn't nearly as much.

She took a man to prom as her date, a fine looking eighteen-year-old who was the high school quarterback, who was heading off to college, but she went to the prom party with a fellow cheerleader and carried on with this girl in front of her prom date, just to torment him with what he would never have.

She made out with her friend at the party, and then let her prom date watch her fuck the other girl, finally kicking him out of the room when he tried to join in.

When she got to college, she ended up with a beautiful roommate whom she was attracted to, but the other woman wasn't interested in girls at all. This frustrated Nichole quite a lot. She tried to get her roommate interested, but nothing she did ever worked, not even a little.

She did end up with a few guys in college, the first men she ever touched sexually, but as in high school, she spent most of her time with other women. She noticed that men usually only wanted to take care of themselves, and stopped when they had an orgasm. 

This first time she put a man's dick in her mouth the guy went wild, grabbing her by her hair when he came into her mouth, and talking dirty to her about swallowing his cum. She didn't, spitting it on his shoe in disgust. It was an awful experience for her, with a salty and bitter taste, not to mention a disgusting texture. 

If Nichole had a choice in the matter, she would never see, taste or touch a man's semen again. Of course, life is rarely that cooperative.

Most of the women Nichole fucked looked better, smelled better, and tasted better than men. They also tended to keep having sex after they had an orgasm. She wondered many times how any woman with any beauty at all put up with men.

Bill and Nichole both knew their marriage wasn't about love, not at all. She found Bill charming, and he was incredibly wealthy. His apartment, his cars, the planes they flew in, all were more luxurious than anything Nichole had ever dreamed of.

Bill enjoyed having a beautiful young blonde on his arm, it made him feel like Hugh Hefner. Also, Bill also knew he was well protected by a prenuptial agreement. 

Nichole could not take him for half of his wealth, or even much at all, getting some money if their marriage ended under a number of circumstances, and nothing at all if she cheated on him.

While Nichole knew she would not end up with hundreds of millions of dollars out of this, she did get to live like royalty, and if things ended under the right circumstances she could walk away with something like fifteen million. 

Nichole had no interest in Vixxen ruining this for her, she would have to find a way to make sure her husband did not prefer the sexy black whore to herself. "We aren't at Hedonism anymore Bill," Nichole told her husband. "Let's not make this about sex."

Vixxen and Sam traveled to NYC as requested, and had a lovely meal with the couple they met sometime before in Jamaica. They had dinner the first night in a nice upscale restaurant. The old man Bill was on his best behavior, acting as if he were a different person back in the states than at the resort they met him at. He was polite and charming, this was a side of him Vixxen had not seen, she did not believe him.

Nichole, on the other hand, did not seem happy to be in the same room with Vixxen. She was wearing a smile, but through many years of faking a smile while stripping, and in watching the reactions of many men and women in strip clubs Vixxen could see a fake smile a long way off.

Nichole seemed pleasant enough, but Vixxen would be on her guard. She had lived in NYC for some years, and had not left the city with a very high opinion of it, or many of its citizens.

Vixxen did not see much of Sam on the trip, or of Bill, although that was welcome. It seemed that the deal they were discussing was very large and very complicated. They started early and worked late every day.

Nichole, on the other hand, was with Vixxen quite a lot. She would pick Vixxen up after breakfast each day for some yoga and a workout, and then they would have lunch and spend the day in the city, all paid for by Bill's company. That part was nice, Vixxen thought.

Nichole was interested in finding out more about this woman who her husband could not get out of his head, hoping to be able to secure her place in her own household.

Nichole enjoyed her time with Vixxen, and it was maddening. She wanted to hate the older woman her husband was infatuated with, but she was having a hard time pulling it off. Vixxen was polite, easy to talk to, and strikingly beautiful. 

Nichole noticed that Vixxen made no effort to dress in a provocative manner, but she was still distracted by Vixxen's body. She wondered how an older woman could have such a body shape. Thin waist, a large muscular ass, shapely but muscular hips, toned legs, and shoulders, she was really quite amazing to look at.

Vixxen wore basic workout clothing for yoga, tight fitting but modest, and it could not hide her superb physical conditioning. Vixxen did not stop at yoga, doing a long series of abdominal crunches, sometimes leg lifts, sometimes hanging, sometimes while holding weights. 

Nichole was surprised at how strong Vixxen was. When she did squats she had a lot of weight, leg presses, even arm workouts. It really was impressive.

When they went to the pool Nichole dressed in a fairly racy bikini, and Vixxen wore a modest one piece, with the only provocative bit being the zipper in the front, which she never zipped up quite all the way. 

Nichole found herself attracted to Vixxen, which surprised her quite a lot, considering how she felt about her in general. She found her mind wandering, imagining pulling the zipper down on Vixxen's swimsuit. Nichole had seen Vixxen naked in Jamaica, and in the dressing room for the pool and the gym, but for some reason, she still fantasized about exposing her large ebony breasts.

In these moments Nichole pondered how she had come to be married to a man she was not attracted to, wondering if the lavish lifestyle and fancy clothing was worth the price of not being fulfilled sexually with her husband. 

Nichole met her much older husband when she was serving drinks at a social event, and could hardly miss it when he grabbed her ass as she walked by, or when he smiled and handed her a hundred dollar bill for a drink she gave him. There was a business card inside the hundred dollar bill.

He was a little old man, obviously a major pervert, but he seemed to be doing very well for himself. For Nichole, having her ass grabbed was common for these events, but she really needed the money, so she put up with it for the paycheck and the tips. Of course, she had never had a hundred dollar tip before.

When she got home that night, Nichole read the business card and based on the title it seemed like the old geezer had some serious money, being the CFO for a tech company she had heard of.

Nichole was broke, she needed a break.

She was hardly able to afford the school she was in, even with tuition assistance, it was just too costly. She found an ad for girls to escort for money, at first thinking it was just going on dates, and soon finding out it was prostitution.

When her first date told her he wouldn't pay her without receiving a blowjob, it was an easy choice for Nichole. She needed the money, and she could pretend to like the guy for a few minutes. This desensitized Nichole to sex with men for the most part. She had a lot of sex for money, and she couldn't remember enjoying one night of it.

She tasted men's cum many times while she escorted, disliking it each and every time, but understanding the financial need that it took care of, and becoming a bit desensitized by how often she seemed to taste it. No matter how much she disliked it, men would pay more for being able to do it inside of her mouth, and she was in this for the money after all.

Nichole really didn't like men much, and in general, liked them less for her experience in prostitution. It seemed that fit younger men who are attractive and smell good are not common customers of escorts. She ended up kneeling before fat men, balding men, and smelly men. Not her dream life, but it kept her in school.

She decided to take a chance on avoiding working events serving drinks, or sucking dick for money and called the old guy, who was very happy to hear from her. 

Their relationship developed quickly and was unlike anything she had ever seen or heard of, the old man was different from any man she had met.

Bill sent a car for Nichole and had her brought to his apartment. There was not a lot of interaction, they didn't really click that well, however, the old guy was a smooth operator and had her clothes off and was inside of her within thirty minutes on the first date.

Every date went that way, and when she started staying the night it only got worse. He would come to her for sex and then go back to work. Never lasting long, never worrying about her satisfaction, but he did shower her with gifts, the likes of which Nichole had never seen.

Fine jewelry, elegant and expensive clothing, lingerie she would have never been able to afford, as well as dinners at high-end restaurants and always riding around in nice cars. This was a life Nichole had never imagined, and when Bill offered for her to move in she said yes. When he suggested that they marry she said yes to that as well.

Nichole was asked to sign a prenuptial agreement, basically allowing her to be given a large amount of money in the event of Bill's death or an amicable divorce. This was a tiny fraction of her husband's overall worth, but it was quite a lot of money. There was a stipulation that if she was caught cheating that she would get nothing at all, so she resolved to be very careful if she did any of that.

Their marriage went about like their dating life, with most of the time Bill spent with her being during sex, which he liked quite a lot, and with Bill showing his young wife off to friends and colleagues of his at work.

Bill began asking for her to service other men for him, which he said would help him in business. The other men would always wear condoms, and he was specific that sometimes he might watch and sometimes he might not, but that these would be contractually separated from the infidelity clause in the prenup for Nichole.

Nichole had never enjoyed sex with a man, and her husband was no exception. She enjoyed sex with the men he brought to her even less. But she was living in a penthouse apartment in NYC and living the life of a wealthy young wife. She could tolerate the unwanted sex to maintain her lifestyle.

For Nichole, it was quite easily an acceptable price to pay. It had never bothered her to have sex for money, and this was less sex, and more money. She was, in essence, a very highly paid prostitute, with a multi-million dollar payday on the horizon somewhere.

When she was with the men her husband sent to her, she reminded herself of the money, of the lifestyle. She imagined that all of the trophy wives did the same.

Soon Nichole found out that her husband was fucking his personal assistant, and his secretary, both lovely young women that he found in strip clubs dancing on a pole. She walked in her husband fucking his personal assistant, and he never slowed down, just asking if she needed anything, and even asked Nichole to grab them a snack.

This was really not what she thought it would be, Nichole was fucking other men as often as her husband, but men she was not attracted to, and her husband was fucking at least two other women. And as time moved on he became more and more overt about it.

It was worth it for the money, Nichole was certain of that, but she started to look for a way out. There had to be more, there had to be a way to get Bill's money, but not have to put up with her husband, with his infidelity, or with fucking with the various men her husband sent to her.

Now she had this beautiful black woman in front of her, a possible new plaything for her husband, but he talked about her very differently than he did any of his other women. Bill had something going for Vixxen, and Nichole didn't like it. She worried that Bill wanted to marry this beautiful ebony woman, and with his great wealth, she was certain he would get his wish.

A part of Nichole was relieved at the thought of her husband choosing Vixxen over herself, however, she still thought there must be a way to get more than the prenup allowed in a divorce, how could she maximize what she got out of this marriage? There must be a way and she needed more time.

But a part of Nichole was stirring, she now had the urge to hold Vixxen's naked body. She wondered what Vixxen's mouth tasted like, what her pussy tasted like. She started imagining Vixxen's tongue deep inside her own pussy. Nichole had not been with a woman for some time, and her hunger for another woman was growing.

Nichole was not sure if Vixxen was interested in women, but she knew she had been a stripper and had heard that many strippers ended up as man-hating lesbians so she thought she had a chance with her.
