 Disclaimer: All of the characters are over 18 and while I wish this were true, it is a work of fiction. Also, there is a story line to the romance, so if you're looking for a quick sex story to read, try another story.

Chapter 1

It was my first day as a volunteer at a local elementary school. It was almost 12:30 and so far it wasn't too bad. The first two classes I helped with went pretty well, and I was now in the home stretch. (For those of you who don't remember school, the days always went faster after lunch.)

My morning had been split between working with second graders and kindergarteners. But the last half of my day was all in 1st grade. I just wish I had gotten there early so I could get to meet the teachers before hand, but with the name Ethel, I expected an older teacher with graying hair and half-moon spectacles hanging around her neck on a chain. But nothing could have prepared me for what was on the other side of that door.

I took a deep breath as I cautiously entered the room and drew up short. Not because the kids were noisy and rambunctious (which they were), but because there at the front of the room, trying to control the little monsters, stood not an older, experienced teacher, but a very young, cute woman. She was about my height, 5' 5" to my 5' 6", has her blond hair cut into a sort of bob cut and looks to weigh about 130 pounds. Her pale pink blouse hugged her, showing off her small (even smaller than mine) perky breasts and her flat stomach. Her khakis accentuated her soft hips and her tight bottom. I could tell she works out. But none of those things mattered. What really caught my attention was the fact that, despite having very little luck getting the kids to settle and quiet down after recess, she had a huge smile on her face. It literally could have lit up a dark room. I quickly realized I'm staring as she looks up at me, and much to my amazement her smile grew even wider.

"Hi!" She said as she extended her hand. "You must be Nelly! I'm Ms. Laker!"

I suddenly realize that her hand is still extended. I quickly reach out to shake it. "Hi," I finally manage to say. "Yes, I'm Nelly Richter, but everyone here can just call me Ms. Nelly."

Her smile grows even wider still. She turns her to her class (which I had actually managed to have forgotten as they had grown quiet wondering who I was). "Class," she says, "this is Ms. Nelly. She will be helping us twice a week in here with our reading and writing."

The rest of the afternoon passed quickly as I got to know the students she had already elected with whom I was to work. We each had two groups we would work with for 30 minutes each. Each group was decided based on reading level, and had 6-8 students. I worked with the higher groups, the first being the higher of the high groups, and the second groups being the lower of the high groups. As the afternoon went on, I kept looking over at Ethel's table. And every time, her face was lit up with a smile. 

As the kids read, I kept watching her. Sensing she was being watched, she looked up and her smile would grow even bigger every time she caught me looking. Weirdly, I didn't feel ashamed at being caught for staring, and would smile back.

Eventually, the afternoon was over. I had someplace to be so I had to leave as soon as school was out. I saw Ethel walking towards me with her gorgeous smile, and I quickly explained that I had to leave right away. For just a milli-second, I thought I saw her smile falter, but I didn't have time to think about it. I had to get to work or I was going to be late!

Let me stop right there, and tell a little about myself. As you know, my name is Nelly Richter, and I am currently 20. My 21st birthday is in about 3 months. While I wouldn't call myself gorgeous, I do consider myself attractive enough. I have beautiful chesnut hair that turns more auburn in the sun (although some people say it's just brown) that is cut into a cute pixie cut. I am 5' 6" and currently weigh in at a proud 140 pounds (and I say proud because 1 month ago I was at 160 pounds). I am a little on the curvier side with 36 C breasts and a nice round butt. While I wouldn't consider myself "flabby," I'm not exactly toned. I work out every once in a while when the urge hits me, but not on a regular basis. 

Also, as you already know, I volunteer at the elementary school. I also work in the kitchen at a restaurant about three towns over (30 min-1 hr depending on traffic). Oh yeah, one more thing---I'm gay. Don't get me wrong, guys are great. My very best and closest friend is male as well as the majority of my other friends. I even dated a couple of guys in high school, but I just never felt that same connection that I do with females. Anyway, back to the story.

Over the next couple of weeks, we developed a smooth pattern (or as smooth as you can get when there are about 30 6-7 year olds involved). One Friday, I miraculously didn't have to work after school, so I decided to take that time to get to know Ethel better.

I left to go to my "office" to check my phone for any messages as she walked her kids to their respective rides home. I then went back to her room to wait for her. I took that time to look around her desk to see what I could find out about her. I already knew she wasn't married hence the "Ms. Laker," but surprisingly I only found one photo on her desk of her and I assume her parents on a boat. "How does a beautiful woman like her not have a boyfriend?" I wondered aloud.

I was so engrossed in looking around her desk that I didn't hear her return. She put her hand on my shoulder and I jumped about 2 feet in the air. I started to blush as I was embarrassed at being caught snooping, until I looked up and she had her ever present smile on her face. She just laughed and asked "Did you find what you were looking for?" which just made me blush even harder. Suddenly I remembered that I had just spoken out loud about her being beautiful and not having a boyfriend and turned a crimson red.

"Hey, it's ok. You don't need to be embarrassed. I have nothing to hide, and to answer your question, I have been dating someone for about 2 years and living with for about 8 months. I just don't keep pictures on my desk so my students don't ask questions. What about you? Dating anyone?"

"Not right now," was my simple answer, which fortunately was enough to please her as her smile grew again. I on the other hand wanted to know more about this person she was dating. I didn't miss the fact that she didn't use any gender pronouns or said their name, a talent I have mastered when talking to someone who doesn't know I'm gay. My mind was working nonstop. "Is she gay? Maybe I have a chance with her yet." My hopes began to lift. Just to test the waters, I innocently ask "What's his name?"

Suddenly she asks, "Shouldn't you be at work?" and I smile at her attempt to change the subject. That was all I needed to know, but for now, I just answer her question. "Nope. I got the night off tonight."

"So what are your plans for the night off?" she asks me. "Well," I said, "I was hoping we could go get coffee someplace and get to know each other better," my voice sounding painfully pleading. I cringe inside. "God, way to look pathetic and desperate," I thought.

But she just smiles that gorgeous smile and says "That'd be great! But I've got to finish grading these papers first. Wanna help?"

"I would love to," was my reply. I would gladly pick up garbage along the freeway as long as it meant I got to be with her and got to know her more.

As we settle down to correct papers, we start talking about our families, interests, and hobbies. We find it very easy to talk to each other (as long as we stay away from real personal questions) as we find we have quite a lot in common. We both have two older brothers, we both grew up in the country, both love animals, interested in cooking (although mine is actually baking and hers is cooking), both nature freaks, and (although she doesn't know it) both gay. I also found out she is only 26 years old. There's a lot more than that list that we have in common, but I thought I'd get back to the story.

We finally finish grading papers, and stand up to leave at the same time. Her coat is on the back of the chair I was sitting in, and she reaches around to grab. I don't move which causes her to have to lean in to me to keep her balance. As she starts to fall, I instinctively wrap my arm around her waist and pull her into me. Her breasts mash into mine and her hair smells like piña coladas. I breathe in deeply. It feels so wonderful to hold her like this but I know I have to make it look innocent. 

Although she now has her coat, she has made no move to pull away. I slowly start to stand back as she starts to apologize, and my arms immediately feel empty. As nonchalantly as I can, since my breathing had rapidly increased, I ask if she's ready to go. She shrugs. I take that as a yes.