 Disclaimer: All of the characters are over 18 and while I wish this were true, it is a work of fiction. Also, there is a story line to the romance, so if you're looking for a quick sex story to read, try another story.




We ended up going to a local cocktail lounge I had learned about from some coworkers. We ordered our drinks (both margaritas) and we sit back to enjoy the live band that was playing that night. We start talking again about ourselves and the different teachers at school, but no matter what I do, she always keeps the conversation from getting too personal.

As the night went on, I noticed many guys checking her out, and a few had even come up to ask her to dance. One in particular caught my eye. He was a handsome devil, and had been watching all night. He never made any move to come over, but I saw him smile every time Ethel declined a dance.

Softly, I whispered in her ear, "I think that guy at the bar likes you. He's been checking you out all night." She turns her head as though she was getting a kink out of her neck and looked at him. "I don't care," she said. "He is handsome, but I'm not interested. You know what? I'm tired of these guys coming up and asking us to dance. Let's do something about it."

"What do you have in mind?" I ask, already afraid of the answer. "Silly, we just have to make them think we're a couple."

"Crap," I thought to myself. I could already feel something was going to go wrong. Out loud, I asked, "And how do you propose we do that?"

"We dance, but not like two friends dance. At the next slow song, I'm going to slide out of the booth and cordially ask you to dance, like we're on a date."

"OK," I replied, wondering how long I'd have to wait. Turns out not very long. The very next song the band played was Brad Paisley's "We Danced." And for those of you who don't know Brad Paisley or the song, it is a very romantic slow song. It's perfect for two lovers to dance to, only problem was, we weren't lovers. But that didn't stop Ethel.

"Oh, I LOVE this song!" she said as she slid out of the booth and coming to stand in front of me. "Could I have the honor of having this dance?" as she held out her hand.

I had no other choice, if I didn't want to make a scene, so I grabbed her hand, knowing that nothing good was going to come of this. She slowly led me onto the dance floor, all the while holding my hand proudly, like we do this every night. There were the usual cat call and wolf whistles that seem to come from guys whenever they see two women dancing, but we ignored them.

She stops in the center of the dance floor, and turns to me. Without even thinking, I pulled her to me, and she naturally (almost too naturally) folded herself into me. It wasn't the awkward slow dance like some of the couples were doing. You know the one: guy has his hands on waist trying to nonchalantly grab some ass, while she has her hands on his shoulder and gently slapping him every time his hands wander to her ass.

No, our dancing was the natural, hold-your-lover-tightly, and dancing close enough to whisper sweet nothings in the ear. It really looked like we had been dating for a long time, but all I could think about was her breasts rubbing against mine as we circle the dance floor, and the sweet smell of her shampoo tickling my nose. I could feel myself getting turned on, and knew that if this didn't end very soon, I was going to do something stupid.

Luckily, the song ended, but it seemed she was reluctant to let me go. Before she did, she whispered in my ear that she was going to bathroom, and would be ready to leave when she came back. I let her go, and make my way back to the booth. However, I get stopped by that guy who had been watching us all night, and I feel my stomach sink. He does not look happy and I could tell from the glazed look in his eyes he was drunk.

"Hey, lesbo! Why you with a woman? Are men not good enough for ya?" He tries to grab my hand and pull me to him, but I know enough karate that I let him pull me towards him before ramming my knee into his junk. He lets go of my hand and keels to the ground grabbing his balls and howling. Another guy walks over and tries to help, but ends up trying to flirt with me. Apparently he didn't see our little show or hear the other guys' comments. I see Ethel coming back from the bathroom, and I see her stop and try to figure what's going on. I look at her and will her with my eyes to help me. She does but not in a way I would have expected.

She walk up to me, and much to my surprise, and the other guy's, gives me a hug and then a kiss on the lips. "Hey babe, you ready to go home?" I felt as though I had been struck by lightning. I wanted to pull her back in and never stop kissing her. Instead, all I could do was nod my head yes, as she grabs my hand and we walk towards the front door.

"I'm sorry!" she says as soon as we hit the parking lot. "I don't know what came over me. I just thought that was the best way to get him off your back." She has the courtesy of looking embarrassed. I tell her that it was all right, it did get him off our back, and then we agreed that the kiss didn't mean anything. I could tell, though, that something had changed. She was no longer her bubbly self, and it was the first time I saw her without that beautiful, infectious smile on her face. I hug her again and fight the urge to kiss her again as we say good-bye.