 This memory is a continuation of an experience between friends that turned into lovers. Our first experience is captured in The Business Trip 

Viva Las Vegas

After the trip to New York, Alison and I both returned to the office and things between us essentially went back to normal. We'd share flirty glances and smiles from time to time and I'd always tell her when I liked the pants she was wearing (and I'm pretty sure she knew that was code for "your ass looks great in those pants") but we simply went back to being friends. There was energy there but I think we both looked at the experience for what it was and decided to leave it in New York (but on a side note, she did read my first submission of our adventures and she completely approved).

While we both did indeed go back to our pre-New York lives following the trip, to say that neither of us remembered what happened wouldn't be true. To this day it remains one of the most erotic, sensual and completely unexpected sexual experiences of my life and I am happy that it had happened. 

It is an exciting memory for me and the truth is that I've masturbated thinking about Alison and the sex we had in that hotel room on many occasions. To this day, the thought of what we did together immediately makes me horny. It was about sex, for both of us, and about realizing a fantasy when the opportunity presented itself.

While I knew that I wasn't in love with Alison, I was perfectly fine admitting that I was completely in lust with her. In certain moments, I thought about kissing her, I thought about going down on her and I generally always came quickly when I thought about our 69 that night (and our second one on the last night, too).

But when all was said and done, we were both happily married and, at least for myself, what happened on that business trip was simply turning a long-time sexual fantasy into reality. And great for me, my fantasy life continued to reap the benefits from it with the great memory that I got to play back in my head! It was amazing and sexy and wonderful and everything that I hoped it would be. I didn't have any regrets about it—but I also knew that it was a one-time thing and that it wouldn't happen again.

Until it did.

A little over a year after our trip, one of the women in our office, Laura, sent some of the other girls an email to see if we were interested in getting away for a girls' weekend to Las Vegas. She had never been and decided that she was going to plan a trip and then see who else wanted to go. I'd been to Vegas a few times before and really found nothing special about it—but I was completely up for leaving my kid with my husband to sit by a pool, drink fruity drinks, eat well and take in a show or two. I responded to the email with a hearty "Yes, please!"

Six of us ultimately responded and we talked calendars and finally zeroed in on a three-day weekend that was just about a month away. Laura offered to organize the hotel rooms via email and wrote that we'd reserve three rooms and double up in each.

I sat at my desk, looking at the email on my screen that I'd just authored, fidgeting in my chair and deciding whether or not I should actually send it. While we'd be in a group this time, Alison and I were going out of town together again—and I was into it. The thought of it and of her, combined with the pictures in my head from New York, put butterflies back in my stomach and a shake in my hand as my fingers hit send.

"Want to be roommates?"

I sat nervously at my computer, wandering in and out of panic and hope and 'oh God I shouldn't have sent that' as I waited for her response. It seemed like it took forever and I started to wish I hadn't written the email in the first place. 

"Yes!" she finally wrote back and I smiled, as my mind went back to that hotel room in New York, and my stomach dropped at the possible chance that Alison and I could be intimate again.

It seemed like the next four weeks lasted a thousand years and I was counting the days until Vegas. I was looking forward to getting away from my reality for a couple of days but, and quite candidly, I was also looking forward to sharing a hotel room with Alison again. I didn't know if she felt the same way but I was obviously hoping that she did.

Finally the weekend was in front of us and we readily made plans to carpool to the airport and talked about which show we'd buy tickets for and what we'd all do during the day. We all agreed that we'd spend a good part of the weekend sitting by the pool and having drinks and eating food that we probably shouldn't be eating. They were all really fun girls and, based simply on how excited everyone was, I knew that we were going to have a good time.

The Southwest flight was full but we all sat relatively close together. I ended up sitting next to Laura, Alison was with Julie, and Lisa was with Katie. We started the weekend with drinks on the flight and everyone was in a great mood.

We landed, claimed bags and all jumped into a taxi van as we made our way from the airport to the strip, giggling, teasing each other and laughing as we talked about checking in, changing into bikinis, and planting ourselves by the pool.

We arrived at the hotel and waited in a very short line, checking in two at a time and heading to the elevators in pairs, with the agreement that we'd meet down at the pool in 15 minutes.

Alison and I walked from the elevator to the room, making small talk and looking ahead to the rest of the day. I was nervous with anticipation as we made our way down the hall, to the hotel room that I was personally hoping would become "that hot memory from Las Vegas."

She opened the door and we walked inside, with both of us letting out a good laugh upon seeing two queen beds in the room.

"I guess we're safe in this room, right?" she said with what seemed to be a bit of a nervous laugh. "We each get our own bed..."

"Yea," I said back, laughing. "We'll be forced to behave ourselves this time!" 

We both started to get organized and Alison pulled her bag onto her bed and unzipped it, pushing her hands through it while she fished out her bikini.

I went through mine, too, pulling out my bright red suit and pulling my t-shirt over my head. I slid my shorts off, too, standing there in my bra and underwear as Alison continued to look for her suit.

She finally pulled a little black bikini out and my heart started to beat in anticipation of her pulling off her clothes and changing in front of me. It had been just over a year since I'd seen Alison naked and I was dying to recharge my fantasy with a new image. 

But, a bit to my surprise, she gathered her suit, turned and smiled at me in my bra and underwear and walked past me to the bathroom, where I heard the door click shut.

To be honest, I was a little bit disappointed that she hadn't picked up where we left off on our last trip. I started to wonder that, perhaps, our exchange in New York was a distant memory for her and maybe she had crossed that off her bucket list and had no intention of going there with me again. I hoped that wasn't the case but I committed then and there to have a great weekend regardless of whether or not Alison wanted to get together with me again.

I turned to the mirror, unclasped my bra and slid my panties off as I ran my hand across the short pubic hairs that I'd trimmed close the night before. I looked at my naked body in the mirror, turning to the side and admiring my tan skin and feeling pleased that, finally, after having a baby and putting in a lot of work, I felt like I was in good shape again. I slid my bikini bottoms on and then the top and pulled a tunic over my head.

"Ready?" Alison said to me as she came out of the bathroom wearing a white cover-up over her bikini.

"I am," I said back. "Ready for the pool, some sun and a nice cocktail—not necessarily in that order!" I said, laughing.

"True story my friend."

When we arrived at the pool the other four girls were already there and had claimed some chairs for us. I put my bag down and went to grab a towel, offering to get one for Alison, too.

When I came back Alison had already peeled off her cover and was standing there in sunglasses and her tiny black bikini. She looked really good and her body had become even more toned since I'd last seen it. Her legs were lean and muscular and her butt was to die for, and I tried really hard not to stare!

I threw her towel on her chair and kicked my flip-flops off, as I reached to pull off my tunic and bent over to shake out my hair.

"Damn, Kari," said Julie. "When did you get so hot?"

"Whaaat?" I said laughing. "What do you mean?!"

"Your body...it looks amazing, have you been working out?"

"I have," I said proudly. "And eating better and everything else that I should have been doing a long time ago."

"Well you look great," she said.

"Thanks!"

The sun was hot and the pool felt good and we each jumped in and out of it every half-hour or so. Alison was in my line of sight every time she'd get in and out of the water and I found myself staring at her body, with my head wandering back to the room in New York as I continued to play voyeur behind my sunglasses. Her butt looked perfect in that suit and not only was I jealous but the sexual distraction of her in a bikini was almost too much to take. It was hard not to imagine taking those bottoms off of her.

When I felt myself starting to get wet at the scene that was beginning to play out in my head, I knew I had to get up and dive in the pool, distracting myself from a fantasy that for sure wasn't going to be realized in this setting.

After a few hours and a few drinks by the pool, we all started collaborating on the night's plan. We'd go to the early Cirque show and then have dinner on the strip, with a nightclub and dancing to follow. Pretty sure we'd be doing a bit of drinking, too!

Alison and Julie were elected to go get us show tickets while the rest of us went back up to our rooms for showers and costume changes. 

When I made it back in the room, I was tempted to look through Alison's bag to see what kind of sexy panties she'd be wearing this weekend but then I thought better of it. And as much as I wanted to strip and lay down on that bed to get myself off, I decided that I didn't know how quickly she'd return and that I was better off following the shower plan.

I took my shower and heard Alison come into the room just as I was finishing up. I wrapped a towel around me and came out of the bathroom, walking past Alison to my bed and bag.

"I've seen this movie before," she laughed, as I walked past her to get my clothes.

"Ha-ha. Did you get the tickets?" I asked her, as I pulled my panties and bra from my duffel.

"We did...and we got really good seats, too!" she said excitedly.

"Excellent," I agreed.

"OK, I need to take a shower and not make us all late," she said as she quickly gathered her clothes and disappeared into the bathroom, as I heard the door close behind her.

Her "movie" line referenced our New York adventure but, for whatever reason, she just didn't seem into it this time—and that was OK. It was a let down but certainly not a deal-breaker, as sex with Alison on this trip would have been the icing, but certainly not the entire cake. I put the thought of all of it out of my mind and made the decision to have fun that night, even if nothing was going to happen between Alison and I.

I put on a tight red shirt and a billowy skirt that stopped just above my knees, while I brushed my hair and slipped into my shoes. I twirled in front of the mirror a few times, smiling a deciding smile that I looked really good.

"Hey, Alison?" I said, cracking the bathroom door slightly to the sound of a running shower.

"Yea?" she replied.

"I'm going to meet Katie in the bar...come down there when you're ready, OK?"

"OK," she said back as I pulled the door closed and headed towards the elevator.

The show was really good and with the cocktails added in, we were all having a lot of fun. We walked along the strip to dinner and quickly found our way into the restaurant, securing a horseshoe shaped booth that fit all of us comfortably.

I was hungry and, more importantly, thirsty and I ordered a glass of cab and we all collaborated a bunch of different appetizers. The mood was fun and easy and we were all laughing, ordering more drinks and eating some really good food. 

I was in the bottom of the horseshoe, with Laura on my right starting around the curve and Alison directly on my left, sharing the bottom of the 'U' with me. We were all having a good time and the restaurant was full and loud—pretty much what you'd expect from a dinner in Vegas!

I was even OK that it appeared that we were now friends without benefits; Alison was a friend before anything else and I was happy that she was sitting next to me and that we were able to talk more than we had up until that point.

"Show? Yes? Good?" I asked.

"Other than the fact that those performers are all completely crazy, it was great," she laughed.

"I was thinking that the whole time! And they do that every night! It's insanity!"

"Entirely. It was fun, though," she said.

"Agree."

We continued our small talk as more food continued arriving and then Tequila shots courtesy of Lisa greeted us as we all toasted each other and tipped them back. The food was everywhere and our table was getting loud as more and more drinks filled all of us and we continued to laugh and have fun.

Rather innocently, and completely without intent, I let my legs drift open a bit and my bare left knee almost immediately and gently bumped into Alison's bare knee. I left it there, even pushing slightly against her knee as we all continued to eat. I felt her push her leg into mine and I turned to her and smiled, while she grinned a little smile back at me as our knees continued to lean against each other. 

I was admittedly pretty buzzed but reached in front of me for the bottle of wine anyway, as I poured myself another glass and turned to Alison with the bottle in my hand.

"More?" I said as I reached the bottle towards her glass, as my body began to beat with energy.

"Probably not a good idea but yes," she said with a smile.

"I think it's a great idea," I said with a smirk, as I tipped the bottle into her glass.

"I bet you do, roomie," she said back quietly, narrowing her eyes on me with a smile of her own.

Suddenly and gently, I felt her hand reach across my leg and come to rest on my thigh, as her fingers squeezed into my bare skin. Her hand then stretched as the tips of her fingers lightly smoothed over my skin and crept over the top of my leg and to my inner thigh.

I almost jumped a bit when she made contact, not expecting to have her hand on my leg. She was doing circles on my thigh with her thumb, as she began moving her hand up my thigh, dragging her fingers across my bare skin as my skirt started to rise as she pushed closer towards my panties. 

I reached my own hand down and squeezed her fingers, partially to touch her skin and partially to get her to stop rubbing my leg—because the wetness under my panties was starting to get serious and we were at a dinner table full of friends who didn't need to know about our little game!

I pulled her hand away from my leg and turned again to look at her, as she held a knowing grin at what she was doing to me. I quietly winked at her, smiling as we both returned to our plates and glasses.

When dinner was over, we paid the bill and went outside to figure out where the next stop was.

"We need to go to the Hard Rock and everyone I asked says that we have to get there before 10 or we'll never get in," Julie directed. 

"We'll it's 9:30 so we should go now," chimed in Lisa.

"Works for me," said Katie, which was the general consensus of the group as we made out way towards the taxi stand.

"Uh, small problem," Alison said as we all stopped and turned around. "I forgot my ID in the room! I'm so sorry—I can just meet you all there."

Everyone paused as their drunk minds tried to absorb the information and figure out what to do next.

"You don't need to go alone...I'll go back with you," I volunteered. "Alison and I will jump in a cab and meet everyone there in a little bit....no big deal."

"Are you sure, Kari?" she asked me rhetorically.

"Yes, it's fine and I'm sure—you guys go."

With that, Alison and I jumped into a cab and made a u-turn to head back to the hotel.

"You really didn't have to come with me," she said to me. "I feel bad."

"Oh please, " I responded. "You knew I was coming with you when you said it," I laughed.

"Ha!" she laughed. "Well, thanks anyway. I appreciate the company," she said as she reached over and put her hand on top of mine.

"What are you trying to do to me?!" I asked her with a playful laugh. "You touch my leg at dinner and now my hand in the cab—you're going to get attacked if you're not careful," I said to her.

"Promise?" she smiled deviously back at me.

"Be careful or you're going to make us late," I said, knowing that I was OK if she actually did make us late.

"Uh-huh. Promise?" she said again, smiling as she leaned her head closer to mine.

The cab pulled up in front of the hotel and we paid the driver and came out curbside. We were both pretty buzzed and laughing at the driver who had the worst toupee in history and we walked into the lobby, bumping into each other and holding one-another forward as we swerved to the elevator. The doors opened to empty and we walked in.

We both pressed against the back wall and stood next to each other in the elevator—perhaps a little closer than friends would be and a little farther apart than lovers would stand, with the backs of our hands just slightly and occasionally brushing against each other. 

The energy created from the on-going contact between us was quietly spreading through my body. It wasn't overwhelming or quiet, but more like a slow and deliberate burn that continued to grow.

I shifted to my right and leaned even closer to her, as she took my hand in hers and pulled our shoulders together. She then turned to me so we were facing each other.

"Hmmm, I think I might be drunk," she said, as her hand re-gripped mine and she squared herself to me.

"And is that good or bad?" I said quietly, as our faces leaned in towards each other.

We leaned in closer to each other and my lips parted slightly and I watched hers do the same but then I stopped, tip-toeing in the excitement before our mouths actually touched. I waited a few seconds as we tilted our heads and I took the air that was slowly drifting out of her mouth until our breathing synchronized, and we were heaving at the same time. We leaned in closer as our lips started to touch.

"DING!" went the elevator as we stopped and quickly pulled apart, as the door slowly opened to a laughing middle-aged couple. We loosened our grips and pulled our shoulders away from each other, pretending that we hadn't been doing anything out of the ordinary. They stepped in and Alison and I exchanged a smiling glance, as both of us looked away and to our fidgeting feet as the ride resumed.

We arrived at our floor and the doors opened again, as we stepped out and I took Alison's hand, while we swung our arms like kids and laughed down the hallway towards our room.

I opened the door with my card and we both walked in, with me turning around the second I heard the door close—before we even made it out of the entry way.

I put my hands on her sides and used my arms and my pelvis to push her up against the wall, slowly leaning into her and whispering "can I kiss you now?" against her mouth. 

I heard her breath rise as she took in air through her mouth and I felt a huge quiver move up inside me and begin to overwhelm my thoughts as she very slightly leaned towards me and our lips gently met. 
