 Deep breathes. You look fine; she wouldn't be meeting you if she didn't like you, right?

I sigh, steadying my shaky hands as they clasp on the top button of my jean jacket. Standing in front of the mirror, I give myself one last once-over before I head out. Light makeup-that'll get messed up, anyway, so no point. Hair down, hair-tie on wrist- easy access for once things get started. 

God, I can't believe I'm doing this.

Shaking my head, I force myself out the door. This was something I would have never imagined-sure, I browse Craigslist all the time, sometimes even send a message, but nobody ever replied. That is, until she did. As I open the door to my car, I recall the ad: experienced femme looking to dominate innocent femme. My curiosity made me click, and the picture made me reply. The day went on and I forgot about it.

Then, after my college literature class, I checked my email. Much to my surprise, she had replied. That began the chain of emails- playful flirtation, descriptions of theoretical situations I never thought would happen, descriptions of what our first night together might be like, planning a meeting... And here I am. Driving down the 45 to meet a woman, whom I've only spoken to online, for coffee, and if we hit if off... for more. 

It doesn't take long to make it to the small, charming building that is "Jitters". I've only been here once, since it's 20 minutes away from my apartment. However, I find the parking lot and front door easily enough; with my sense of direction, that isn't always a guarantee. Before stepping inside, I pull out my phone to check the time. 10 minutes early, just enough time for my insides to broil with anxiety. I order a large cappuccino to keep me busy and calm my nerves, but my mind continues racing despite my efforts.

Thankfully, it isn't long before she arrives. I recognize her instantly, jerking my head as the little tinkling of the bell alerts me to another patron. Her striking hazel eyes lock with mine, and a sideways smile makes my heart jump. I watch her swaying hips as she makes her way to the counter, admiring her long, dark brown hair as she faces away from me. God, what could this gorgeous woman possibly want from me? My plump frame, plain dirty-blonde hair, and haphazard style couldn't compare to her. Soon enough she has her drink, a medium something, and slides into the seat across from me. 

"Ellabee?" She asks, her eyes burning holes in my reddening face.

"Y-Yes," I stutter, "You're Hannah, right? It's nice to meet you."

"The pleasure's mine." Hannah coos.

I feel my face somehow heat up more as I, clear as day, observe her checking me out.

Her room is dark, mysterious, and sexy. Red light illuminates the ceiling and I look about in wonder as she steps away, connecting her phone to a Bluetooth speaker. An indie-rock song begins at a soft volume, and my eyes catch the bed. It looks to be a queen mattress, donned with plenty of pillows. I continue looking everywhere but at her, until she is in front of me and I have no excuse. Our eyes lock.

In that moment, my breath hitches and my heart pounds in excitement. She moves in slowly, her eyes hooded with the intent of a hunter. My flesh warms at her touch as she grips my wrists, pressing me against the wall and smirking as I take in a sharp breath. 

"Are you ready? After this, there's no going back." She asks, though it sounds more like a command. I nod sheepishly in reply.

With that, my breath is stolen from my body. Her lips slam against mine as she aggressively moves forward. I feel a warm, wet force press into my mouth with carnal ferocity and I melt into her touch, in that moment willing to be whatever she wanted. Just as suddenly as this intrusion came, it left; we part, a cool air brushing my face as she tugs my wrist, turning away.

I gasp as my back absorbs a good amount of force, finding myself on her bed. I don't even have time to think before she is upon me again, guiding me into a more comfortable position. She hovers over me, warm breath teasing my cheeks. I find the courage to open my eyes, and I almost shrink away at the intensity of her gaze. Her breath hits my ear, tickling just slightly as she leans down and whispers,

"Say you want me."

My face burns in embarrassment as a shiver of arousal courses through my being. For a moment, I am silent, gazing up at her in wonder and shock. It is only now that I hear my rapid breathing over the pounding of my heart. A delicious, sharp pain greets my scalp as she tugs my head back by the ponytail, her teeth trailing over my earlobe as she speaks more forcefully.

"I said, say you want me."

She seems to revel in the words, and her tone is as dangerous as it is inviting. Finally, I find my voice. Softly, but firmly, I reply,

"...Make me." 

I barely notice her fierce intake of breath, and it fills me with satisfaction. This is short lived, however, because the sudden movement soon distracts me. Now, face down, I have to turn my head to the side to catch a breath. I have just enough time, before a firm, hard hit to my rear jolts me forward. Everything within me contracts as a wonderful pressure I've never experienced quakes between my legs. I can't help a light moan that escapes from my parted lips.

She wastes no time in removing my skinny jeans, faster than I probably could have managed. Then two more hits, fast in succession, leave me gasping for air. My skin is hot and vulnerable, and I involuntarily flinch as her hand once again comes in contact with my behind. However, this time her touch is soft and caressing, comforting. I can find no words to describe how pleasant it feels before I am shocked once again by another hit, slamming me forward into the mattress. She presses her entire weight on top of me and my arms are pinned behind my back. It's so forceful, so dangerous, and so hot. 

"Say you want me to fuck you."

I flood with warmth and need at her words, and I can't resist or refuse any longer.

"I...I want you to fuck me." I mumble.

"Louder. I can't hear you." She hisses, digging her fingers slightly into my exposed rear.

"I want you to fuck me."

She flips me back to face her, grabbing the bottom of my shirt and lifting. I raise my arms in response, and then return the act. As she leans back, exposed in her bra, I am awe struck by her beauty. The red light reflects perfectly off of her olive skin, and her black lace bra holds my gaze captive. When I look up, I find her smirking, a look of knowing on her face. She makes a show of unhooking her bra, revealing the inviting, smooth skin underneath. Her nipples are firm in arousal. Unable to take anymore, I wrap my arms around her and pull her down to me, planting a wet kiss on her lips. She makes a muffled "mmf" before relaxing into my touch, her hands slipping around me to unhook my bra. I feel relief and excitement at the release, and then I squirm in pleasure as she leaves a trail of light kisses down my neck, until...

Fuck.

Her lips are firm, her tongue wet, and her movement ravenous as her mouth embraces a nipple. Her hand quickly moves to work over the other, tugging and teasing me into a serious of moans. My back arches slightly in response to her touch, and I can think of nothing else. My mind is overwhelmed by the sensations running under the surface of my skin, colliding in what is only just covered by my last piece of clothing. 

And then, she begins making her way down, slowly and tantalizingly running her mouth and nails over my skin on the way down. At this point, I am silently begging for release, I want nothing more than her touch in a very specific place. My breath picks up even more as she slips off my underwear, giving my legs small kisses as she takes her time. I arch up in a silent plea, and she finally gives in to my request.

I can't help a loud, guttural moan as her tongue begins massaging in circles around my clit. The pleasure is sharp and almost overwhelming, heightened by her hands pinning my thighs to the side. I bite my lip, hands grasping at the sheets as I try not to be too loud, but it's almost impossible. My head is swimming in bliss and a rising, hot fulfillment. Once again, she takes her time, slowing whenever I come close to release. I respond with a needy, desperate moan, but she insists on dragging it out.

Then, she picks up with force and ferocity, sending me into electric splendor. My hips thrust against her without my instruction, and I give in to my primal instincts. It becomes more and more intense and I tighten my muscles, trying to revel in the pleasure for as long as possible- then, I can hold it back no longer. My entire body trembles and shakes with my release, and my legs lock Hannah into place as the sensations overwhelm me. When the waves cease, I manage to release her, shivering at the vivid sensitivity of my core as she pulls back. I lay there, panting, as she places herself beside me, waiting as I recover. I bask in the aftermath of our act, feeling relaxed, relieved, and utterly satisfied. As soon as I am able to move, I turn to give her a long, grateful kiss, which she happily returns. 

"Was it everything you hoped for?" She asks, looking over me with that cute, inviting smirk.

"Yes, and more." I reply breathlessly, before pulling her in for another kiss.