 A chance encounter on a rooftop.

*

Author's Note

There is a song by Green Day called Viva La Gloria. This story has nothing in common with that song, except for the name. It's a good song though, and worth a listen, in fact the whole album is good. I recommend you check it out.

But this is not a music review, it's a sex story.

This particular sex story is just a less than twenty-four hour slice-of-life centering around two young women, living in the big city, who find each other quite by accident and decide to get it on. It is a stark contrast to my usual long, slow-building MILF romance, but hopefully no less satisfying in the end.

*

There are elements of drug use in this story. It's brief, but if it offends you, please find something else to read. All characters are over the age of eighteen.

*

Viva La Gloria

"So, you gonna jump?" I ask the girl standing at the edge of the roof. I can't see her face, only her black leather jacket. The wind up here makes the clenched fist stenciled on the back of her jacket flutter like it's alive -- and angry.

"What? Fuck no," she says, turning her head to look at me. She's cute. A petite, brown-skinned mixture of a few different ethnicities. And judging by the cold look in her eyes, angry -- like the fist on her jacket.

"So why you up here?" I ask.

"I come up here whenever I wanna hit something. You volunteering?"

"Nope. Just came up here to get high." I pull the pipe out of my pocket and show it to her. "Care to join me?"

"Don't smoke." Her eyes narrow as she sizes me up. "Fuckin' stoner."

I shrug, spark up the bowl and inhale. "Right. You just punch people," I manage to croak while still holding in my hit. Finally, I let the pungent smoke escape in a single long exhale. "So you gonna jump now or what?"

"Told you, I ain't jumpin'."

"Shit." I let my shoulders slump. "I s'pose now you're gonna stay here and talk my ear off all day. Great."

"Fuck you." She steps off the ledge and stomps toward me, pea gravel crunching under her soles. I begin to wonder if she might take a swing at me, but then she breaks into a grin and holds her hand out. "Gimme that thing."

"Thought you didn't smoke." I stick my tongue out as I hand her my pipe and my lighter, and watch as she takes a hit. "Fuckin' stoner."

She tries to hold in her laugh, but ends up snorting instead, and little tendrils of smoke curl from her nose as she does.

"I'm Christine. You got a name, jumper?"

"Gloria." She exhales a cloud of her own. "You wanna go break some shit? I need to break something."

"What, and kill my buzz? Hell no. How about some Xbox?"

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. Seriously. Let's cash this thing out first though." I pass her the pipe and lighter.

*

"I like your hair," I say. We're standing side by side in the hallway as I fumble with my keys. Gloria's lost her balance and is now leaning on me for support. "What made you decide to shave the sides like that?" I touch my fingers to the short strands, enjoying the bristly feeling I get when I move against the grain.

"Dunno," she responds. "What made you decide to dye yours blue?"

"Beats me." I shrug. "Tired of blonde I guess."

Gloria smells nice -- like pot for sure, but something else -- sweet, like Christmas cookies. I try to comprehend how a girl could smell like Christmas cookies, but I'm too stoned to deal with it at the moment. I just lean in and inhale her instead.

Gloria giggles and pushes me away.

Finally, I get the key in the lock and open the door to the apartment. My mother is standing there waiting for me. "Christine, where've you been?"

I pull the pipe from my pocket and show it to her. "On the roof."

Mom smiles. "There's pizzas in the freezer, I'll put one in for you. Who's your friend?"

"This is Gloria, Mom. She's real angry. You'll love her."

Mom looks at Gloria and gives her a smile too. "Pepperoni OK with you, Gloria?"

"Um, sure," she says. "I guess." Gloria snorts and giggles again.

"Thanks Mom." I take Gloria's hand and lead her down the hall to my bedroom. I like holding her hand. Her skin is rough and calloused, but her fingers lace nicely with mine. And it feels a little tingly in my grasp, though that's probably because I'm stoned.

I push the door closed after we enter and let her fingers drop. "Halo or Call of Duty?" I say.

"I don't care. Whatever." I pat the edge of my bed and she sits down with me. "Your mom's so cool."

"Halo it is then." I toss her a controller and lean my back up against the wall. Gloria reclines too, and the sleeve of her jacket rubs against the skin of my arm. There's plenty of space, and I could easily solve this by scooching over to the right a bit. But I don't. I lean over and trace the seam of her jacket sleeve with my fingertip instead.

"My mom's a total bitch," she says.

I pause my wandering finger at her shoulder and start up the game. "So's that what makes you want to hit people?"

"I guess." Gloria's player gets killed almost immediately and she bangs her head against the wall. "Shit!" she says. "I suck."

"You're probably too baked to play." I let my hand drop from her shoulder, and slide it around her waist. My arm fits perfectly between her and the wall. "You like girls, Gloria?"

"Um, sure. I guess." She turns to look at me.

"Good. You're cute." I pull her in for a peck on the lips. "And you smell nice." That gets me a smile. Gloria's eyes light up when she smiles, and they crinkle at the corners. She'll probably have crows feet in her forties, but right now it's just adorable.

I lean over to kiss the corner of Gloria's eye. While she's busy giggling, I move my hands to her shoulders and help her slide her leather jacket off.

I pause to let my hand caress the bare skin of her arm. I like the way her dark skin contrasts with my light, and the plain white t-shirt that she's wearing -- quite obviously without a bra. Immediately, my eyes wander and go wide. "You got a nipple ring?"

"Yeah." She tries for casual, but the gleam in her eye betrays her.

"Cool." I'm staring now, but I don't care. "I'm a little jealous."

Gloria thrusts her chest out, giving me a good look. "Why? Mom won't let you get one?"

"Nah. Had one. Lasted about two hours. Got a bad reaction and had to have it taken out." I slide my hand upward from her hip until I feel ribs under my fingertips. "Some kind of weird allergy thing."

I trace out a rib with my finger. Gloria leans into me, and I move my hand to cup the underside of her breast. I feel her chest expand as she inhales. She is small and firm in my grasp. "You gonna let me play with it later?"

She brushes her lips across my neck in what I think was a clumsy attempt at a kiss. "Depends," she whispers. "You gonna be nice to it?"

I feel butterflies in my tummy as I think about flicking that ring with the tip of my tongue, pulling it into my mouth. "Mmm-hmm," I say. Just as I'm thinking about how I want to take that ring in my teeth and give it a little tug, Gloria moves my hand so that my finger is poised right over the top of it.

The butterflies migrate south.

Her nipple's as hard as a rock. Big surprise, so are mine. I swirl my finger around over the thin fabric of her t-shirt, tracing the outline of her nipple and the surgical steel that runs through it, while my other hand paws and pinches at my own chest. Gloria lets out a little sigh and dips her head toward me.

She's painting little circles on my neck with her tongue as I continue exploring. It's more deliberate this time, like she's finally made up her mind that she wants me. I feel her warm breath over my skin, and catch a hint of that musky sweet odor from our time up on the roof. The combination is intoxicating and I begin to moan softly.

There's a quick knock on the door and my mom sticks her head in. "Pizza's ready, girls. Gloria, you OK with Coke or do you want something else?"

Gloria lifts her head and she's beet red. "Um, Coke's fine. Thanks," she manages, before bursting out into an uncontrollable fit of giggles. "Oh my god, your mom is so cool. My mom would have a fucking conniption if she caught me making out."

The magic of the moment is broken.

I shrug and slide my fingers over Gloria's, taking her hand in mine. As I stand up from the bed, I pull her up with me. She looks seriously delicious in her t-shirt and jeans, nipples poking out -- way better than pepperoni pizza could ever hope to be. I lower my head and press my lips to hers.

Gloria responds by sliding her tongue over my lips. I open my mouth a little further and meet her tongue with mine. It's a tough decision, Gloria or pizza, and I am starting to get some serious munchies. I finish kissing Gloria with a quick peck on the lips and promise myself that we'll resume this later.

"Come on," I say, gently tugging her down the hall.

*

"Make sure you girls eat some veggies too," Mom says as we sit down at the kitchen table. "Have some salad."

I move my hand off of Gloria's thigh just long enough to pick up the serving bowl. I offer some to her first, and then proceed covering half my plate with green.

Gloria's eyes are scanning the room as we eat. "So what's all this stuff? Miss, uh, missus ..."

"Nelson. And it's miss, but you can call me Jeanie." Mom stretches her arm out and gestures to the boxes of brochures and yard signs that have occupied our front room for the past month and a half. "I'm running for city council."

"No way," Gloria says. "And you let your daughter smoke pot?"

"Legalization is part of my platform."

"And a government that represents all people regardless of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, et cetera, et cetera." I finish for her, rattling off her campaign mantra. "Viva la revolution and die fascist pig-dogs."

Mom smiles. "More like, out with the establishment and in with some fresh ideas. There's a whole movement aimed at getting more women elected to political office. You old enough to vote, Gloria?"

"Yep. You can count on me, Miss Nelson." She raises her fist in the air. "Viva la revolution."

Mom's smiling. She's thinking fresh recruit, I recognize that look in her eyes. "Please, call me Jeanie. I might ask you girls to help me canvas some neighborhoods tomorrow if you think you're up for it."

Gloria looks at me. I shrug. "Mom, is it OK if Gloria spends the night?"

"As long as it's alright with her folks. And make sure you girls play safe. Gloria you need me to call somebody?"

"Nah, I got it." She pulls out her phone and walks down the hallway a bit. I hear yelling, but when she comes back she's smiling. "I told her I was across town and I didn't feel safe on the train by myself. I'll probably catch hell for it tomorrow, but I can stay."

"Make yourself at home, Gloria. There's towels in the hall closet, and I'll find you a toothbrush." Mom wanders off and I am left alone with my new friend.

"What did she mean play safe?"

"You know, safe sex," I say. "Like no exchanging of bodily fluids and wrap a condom around the dildo before I stick it in your ass."

Gloria's mouth hangs open. She wants to say something, but nothing's coming out. It makes her look a little like a fish out of water -- but a really cute fish, with gorgeous, kissable lips.

"Relax," I say. "I promise to go slow and use lots of lube."

Her look of horror turns into a nervous grin.

Our conversation pauses as Mom sits down at the table again. "There's a toothbrush for you on the bathroom sink -- it's the one still in the box. So after dinner, you girls want to help me stuff some envelopes?"

That sounds about as exciting as watching paint dry, and I really want to get my hands back on Gloria, but it's my mom and she's always been there for me. "Sure, Mom."

*

The three of us are parked on the couch, surrounded by stacks of brochures, empty envelopes, and address labels. We're watching the Olympics as we work -- it's figure skating -- yay. And yes, I was being sarcastic. Though Tara and Johnny are looking quite fabulous tonight and their commentary manages to keep me entertained.

Gloria is sitting right next to me and keeps me entertained as well. Every time she leans forward to place a finished envelope on the stack, her leg rubs seductively against mine. I know she's doing it on purpose, I can see her grinning. That's OK. I've been trailing my fingers over the inside of her thigh each time I return from depositing one of mine.

I sneak a little higher each time.

My mind starts to wander. Maybe it's because I'm still a little high, but the next time I look at the television, I imagine the skaters' faces have morphed into Gloria's and mine. I've never skated in my life, but I think about the two of us on ice, Gloria's strong hands on my hips getting ready to toss me into the air for a quadruple something or other.

I give Gloria's knee a squeeze the next time I reach for another brochure. I find myself hoping for a wardrobe malfunction and secretly wishing the cameras will reveal Gloria's body underneath.

After an hour of stuffing envelopes, the teasing touches from both of us, and the strangeness of watching couples skating while wearing our faces, I can't stand it anymore. I stand up. "Mom, we're gonna go to bed. Gotta be fresh in the morning for canvasing."

My mom winks. "Sure honey. Just remember girls, play safe."

"Yes Mom."

"Goodnight Miss Nelson."

"G'night Gloria. G'night Christine."

*

"Fucking Ice skating," I say, pulling the door closed.

"I know, I can't even believe that shit's a sport," Gloria says. "Snowboarding is so much better."

"No, not that. I kept imagining our faces on the skaters." I've got my hands on Gloria's hips to demonstrate, and I give her a twirl right there in my bedroom. When she comes back into my arms, I let my hand slide down to cup her ass. "It was getting me kind of hot."

Gloria's smiling as she wraps her arms around my waist.

"Will you throw me for a quadruple Salchow?" I ask. "Maybe a triple Lutz?"

"Would you shut up about ice skating and kiss me already?" Our lips meet, and I feel Gloria's tongue sliding over mine. There's a sweet taste, like Coca-Cola or Christmas cookies for a brief moment, and then she releases me.

Gloria looks up at me. "Were you serious about sticking a dildo up my ass?"

"You want me to?" I take her face in my hands, and plant a trio of kisses on the side of her neck, just below her ear. Her skin has a salty taste, and it's a nice contrast to the sweetness of her mouth and tongue.

"Fuck no. It hurts." Gloria has her hands on my cheeks again and is trying to force her tongue back into my mouth. I pull back, just out of reach.

"So you've tried it. I bet it was with a boy, wasn't it?" I move my mouth to her neck again and I'm kissing my way up to her earlobe.

"Yeah, so?"

"Boys are too impatient. Trust me, I am so much better," I whisper, and swirl my tongue around the outside of her ear. Gloria steps back and looks at me like I'm from another planet. "I'm serious," I say, as I pull the strap-on out of my dresser drawer along with a condom and a bottle of lube. "You wanna try it."

Gloria is no longer looking at me, she's too busy studying the floor. The brash girl from the rooftop appears to have shrunk about three inches. I set the toy on the top of dresser and take her hand in mine, waiting.

"Christine," she says. "Christine, I haven't had too many partners."

"I'm not surprised. You probably scare the shit out of them."

"Fuck you." She slugs me in the arm, but at least she's smiling again. "I mean -- I mean, I'm still a virgin."

"You've had a dick up your ass, and you're telling me you're still a virgin?"

"Well technically yes, I think I am." She's looking at the floor again. "I didn't want to get pregnant, you know?"

Actually, I don't know, I've never been with a boy, but I could tell it was something she was not entirely comfortable with. I wrap my arms around Gloria and run my fingers lightly over her back. I feel her tension releasing, so I slide my hands under the hem of her t-shirt and raise it a bit.

I enjoy the firmness of her tummy and the muscles of her back as I let my hands wander. Her skin is cool and she's quivering ever so slightly. I pull her to me. "So do I get the honor of being your first?"

I've got her shirt half-way up, and my hands on bare skin when she nods her agreement. I make a promise to myself right then, that I will make her first time the most gentle and amazing experience ever. Something that she will remember for years to come, and secretly measure every other lover against.

Not that I'm bragging. OK, I am. A little.

Over her head goes the shirt and I lower my mouth to her shoulder to plant a row of kisses. "Gloria, I want your first time to be good." More kisses, this time on the other shoulder. "So just lie back, and close your eyes. Let me take care of you."

"OK," I hear as Gloria seats herself on the edge of the bed. I trail my fingertips over her shoulders, smoothing out the kisses I just planted there. Or maybe I'm rubbing them in, so that they'll stay there and be part of her forever, I don't know. I do know that I like the feeling of her skin under my touch.

Gloria reclines, and I strip down to my underwear before helping her out of her jeans. I leave her panties on and curse myself for not having any dental dams. I hate those things, but right now I'd probably give my eye-teeth for one. At least I've got a full box of surgical gloves.

"Close your eyes Gloria." I trail my finger down her nose to demonstrate. Her eyelids droop, and I let my finger continue gently on, over her lips, past her chin, and halfway down her neck before I lift it. I pause to take in her beautiful body once more before climbing up on all fours, poised only inches above her.

She can't see me, but she senses me, and a smile crosses her lips.

I bow my head to her ear. "You're a fine looking girl, Gloria. Now just relax. I'm going to touch you. Don't feel like you have to touch me back. It's better if you don't."

"OK," I hear. It sounds a little tentative.

"You can tell me if you don't like it, but I think you will. Trust me?"

Gloria nods her head, and I kiss her on the lips. She tries to bring her hand up to my neck as I do, but I brush her away. I take her by the wrist and bring her hand to my mouth instead. "Let me do all the work. You'll get your chance later, but for now you just enjoy." I place two gentle kisses on her thumb.

Her hand is clenched, but the fingers begin to loosen a little as I kiss each one in turn. I repeat my kisses and soon Gloria's relaxed enough that I'm able to take a little nibble at each fingertip. I hear her exhale and watch as she wiggles into the comforter on my bed.

I've got both of Gloria's hands in mine now, our fingers spread and interlocked together. I move her hands to either side of the pillow, just above her head. Lowering my own head, I move my mouth to under her ear. I pause a few millimeters from her skin and suck in a breath. She shivers.

"You're going to want me to kiss you, Gloria. But I'm not going to." I move my head to the other side and repeat the process. She shivers again but says nothing. This is going to be easier than I thought. I let go of Gloria's hands and she does not make any effort to move them. "Good girl," I whisper. "Let me take care of you."

A few more almost, but not quite kisses, and Gloria turns to jelly.

I sit up, astride her thighs, and look down over her body. Her nipple ring glints in the dim light of my room and beckons me to it. Not yet. I touch my fingers to Gloria's collarbone and trace out the shape of it, while watching her chest rise and fall with her breathing.

I lean in to plant more kisses, before tracing over them and smoothing them out with my fingertips. I'm pretty sure now that I'm rubbing them in so they won't fade away.
