 It was late one Friday night, and had come home early from the bar. I had a few drinks in me, and was feeling pretty good. I am 32 and I live in a two-story apartment complex, which is upscale, and built from an old brick warehouse. I can look across the way, and see an adjacent building with yet more apartments. From my picture window in my living room, I can see directly across into the apartments when the shades are open. This night was something different from the norm, and a night I will never forget.

The apartment directly across from mine was usually vacant during the summer months, because the older couple that lived there liked to travel. The apartment below me was also empty at night, because my neighbor worked the late shift. The resident below, and across from me was the most interesting of them all. Her name was Jessica, and she was a gorgeous brunette with long wavy hair, and sparkling chestnut eyes. She has the nicest figure, which she worked on it almost everyday. Sometimes, I would just sit on my couch, and watch her run on the treadmill wearing a pair of hot-shorts and athletic bra. Her legs were long, and toned to the point where you can see the muscular development down the side of her outer thighs. From time to time, we had talked in passing, and at the pool. She was home a lot, and spent a majority of her time working on various household tasks. Occasionally, she would have a boyfriend, or date visit for the evening. She dated regularly, and rightfully so. She was a knockout.

A couple of nights ago, she was home alone watching television, while I was gazing at her through my picture window. She was lying on the couch in a lime green see-through bra and thong panty set. It was very feminine, and truly sexy. It left very little to the imagination. To my surprise, while she was surfing the channels, she stopped on a pornographic channel. On the screen were two lesbians kissing, and caressing each other in a passionate embrace. Not very shocking, because I think most people find that sort of thing erotic. The shocker though was that she was squirming at the site of these two women. The mind-blower was when she slid her left hand down into the front of her see-through panties. She was masturbating to the images on the video screen. I never knew! I would have never guessed! She then slid her right hand underneath the side of her bra clasping her breasts, and pinching her nipples. She arched her back every time she dug a little deeper into her panties. Thus, making her large, probably D cup breasts jet from her chest as she looked down between them to see her progress. Occasionally, closing her eyes to enjoy the sensations of her body. Of course, I decided to join her unsuspecting to her. At least that is what I thought. However, this is NOT what this story is about though!

This story is what happened several days later on the Friday. This was the night I decided to relax after the bar, feeling tipsy, and as always…horny. All the lights were out across the way, and the moonlight was shining unusually bright. I had decided to grab a beer, relax on the couch and take in the sights the night provided. It wasn't until 1:50am that Jessica had decided to make her way though the door. Soon after she had walked in, there was another girl who had followed her through the door. I had no idea who this was, but she was just as beautiful as Jessica. This new girl was tall with long wavy light brunette hair with a lot of blonde highlights. I guess you could say she almost more blonde than brunette. 

She was wearing a tight red baby doll t-shirt with her large, and very firm breasts pushed up through the v-neck of her shirt. She had to have been wearing a wonder bra underneath, because of the way her breasts sat out in the v-neck of her shirt. She also wore a red bandana tied nicely around her neck like a choker. She was wearing a tight black skirt, and high heels, which made her ass, look hot. Jessica was wearing a small white tank half shirt, which was also trying hard to keep her breasts at bay. She also wore a white button down blouse, which was open at the top, and tied, around her waist showing off her very nice stomach. She was wearing a pair of black shorts, which barely broke the crotch line. The shorts had no pockets and zipped up from the back. My pants instantly became strained at the site of these two women as they made their way into the living room. My question was why were these two women at home with no men? Was it just not their night, or were the guys just too intimidated?

The new girl (we'll just call her Amber) made her way to the couch with a bit of a stumble. Jessica had gone to the kitchen bar for some mixed drinks. As soon as the Amber sat down, I could tell she wasn't wearing any panties! Wow. What a revelation that was! I wonder if Jessica knew, or was doing the same? I couldn't believe my eyes, as I continued to sit on the end of my couch in the shadow of the moonlight. I have no doubt they would have seen me as plain as day, if I sat in the middle of the couch where the moonlight struck. Soon enough Jessica made her way to the couch next to Amber. They talked for what seemed like hours. They were getting drunker, and more restless by the moment. I don't think I was prepared for what I was about to see!

Amber had stretched in a way that gave her body a whole new meaning. She soon reached for the red bandana around her neck, and slowly loosened it from her neck while never taking her eyes off Jessica. Jessica was obviously aroused by this, and from the look of her face she was definitely turned on. There is no mistake when Jessica was turned on; from the many nights I had seen her on her masturbating on her couch, and in her bed. She definitely had a glow in her eyes, and Amber had picked up on that look. Amber gently brushed her hand past her breast as if to draw Jessica's attention. She did! Jessica had unknowingly moved closer to Amber on the couch. That is when Amber slid her hand behind Jessica's neck into her hair and drew her close to her face. In a moment, Amber moved her lips to Jessica's and they kissed in a long slow passionate kiss. I knew right then that was Jessica's first kiss from another woman.

Needless to say my cock was bulging hard in my pants. I knew relief was in need. I am 6'1" with short dark brown hair and blue / green eyes with an average build. I come across as a nice guy, but I am pretty sure I have stronger sexual urges than most. I am a bit of an exhibitionist too. Most of the time, I am walking around my apartment with the blinds open walking around in a pair of boxers, or jockey boxer underwear. After watching Jessica and Amber kiss, I decided my jeans needed to come off. I stood up, and dropped my jeans to the floor. Now, all I was wearing was a casual navy blue button up shirt, and navy blue boxer underwear. I decided to move to a better view on the couch in the moonlight. I was sure they would see me now.

The kissing was still very active between them, and they really never let up. It was as if hours (or maybe years) of passion had finally been released. Soon enough, Amber had worked her hands onto Jessica's breasts, and along her thighs. She had started to unbutton the white blouse Jessica was wearing. With the buttons undone and Jessica staring deeply into her eyes, while biting her lower lip, Amber untied the final knot, which held her blouse closed. After helping Jessica slide out of the blouse Amber went back to kissing her moist lips. Soon Amber slid her hand down underneath the top of Jessica's shorts. My cock became intensely swollen, and I began to rub my cock through my boxers. Jessica's body shivered with excitement, as Amber began to massage her pussy lips.

Their kissing began to fade as Amber used her other hand to rub the outer cotton of Jessica's baby tank top. The more she massaged her breasts, the more her nipples began to push through the cotton fabric. All the while, she was massaging her moist pussy. Soon Amber pulled her hand out of the shorts, and began to slowly struggle to free herself from the tight red baby top shirt she was wearing. You should have seen Jessica's eyes, and I am sure my own, as Ambers breasts fell back into position as the shirt came off. She was wearing a white wonder-bra, which was silky, and had lacey flowers covering her beautiful breasts. What a treat that must be?!

She then moved to release the front clasp of her bra, and Jessica did nothing but stare. Her breasts fell out from the bra, and she quickly gave her breasts a squeeze, and her nipples a pinch. She let the bra fall to her back, and onto the floor. Wearing nothing more than the mini skirt, she then laid herself on top of Jessica, and once again began to kiss her deeply. This went on for several minutes. Amber then moved to her side, and began to fondle Jessica's breasts. I could tell Jessica was not wearing a bra underneath the tank top, as her nipples continued to jet through the cotton fabric. 

Amber slowly slid her hand underneath Jessica's shirt, and eventually pushing it up exposing her breasts. Her nipples were beautiful, and they were about the size of a half-dollar. Her breasts were large, and sat up very firm. They were very natural. At that moment my boxers needed some relief, as my cock swelled, and my heart began to pace faster, and faster. Amber was sucking on Jessica's breasts, and then a few moments later she looked directly at me. I was caught! Nonetheless, I held my ground. Be it, I had my hand on my cock at the time, and I am sure a large blush overcame my face. Jessica had no clue I was caught. Amber turned, and made her way up to Jessica's ear, and whispered something in her ear. Soon after, Jessica's eyes made it toward me. Really busted! Soon after, while Amber was still whispering something in her ear, Jessica's face began to light up.

Amber turned toward me from her ear, and gave me a sexy wink. Jessica soon followed with a devious smile. With both of these women topless on the couch, Amber slid her hand back down into Jessica's pants, while staring at me. I could have sworn Jessica mouthed, "Do you like it?" I mouthed back, "Yes." I then proceeded to pull my cock out the side of my boxers exposing my already long, and hard shaft. I whispered back, "Do you like?" 

With a wink and a smile Jessica said, "Yes!" I stood up and then dropped my boxers to the ground, and unbuttoned my shirt while my cock hung out from under my shirt. I took the shirt off, and stroked my cock some more, before I sat back down on my couch in full view of the moonlight. By this time, Amber had moved back to sucking on Jessica's nipples. Jessica's eyes shut as she became more turned on, knowing someone was now watching her first lesbian experience.

After several minutes of kissing, and caressing each other, Amber asked Jessica to stand up. Her tight ass was toward me when she stood there. My cock was so swollen. From the couch, Amber reached around Jessica's waist, and started to unzip the back of her hot shorts. That is when, I noticed she was wearing a very red, and satiny thong, which split heaven in two. Jessica began to slowly peal down her own shorts for Amber to see, and bent over without bending her knees to give me a sweet view of her pussy covered by that silky thong. That is when I had some pre-cum develop at the top of my cock. I quickly used it as lubrication to stroke my shaft. I continued to stroke harder, and harder. Amber was watching, both Jessica and myself, in front of her as she masturbated with her hand down the front of her skirt. I still don't think Jessica knew about Amber's lack of panties.

After a moment, Amber leaned forward and kissed Jessica's stomach, and then moved down to her pussy. All I could see was Jessica's ass, and Amber's hands and mouth between her legs. Her hands clasped the red satin stings on Jessica's panties and slowly pulled them down. The red thong panties snapped from the wetness of Jessica's pussy lips. If my cock wasn't rock hard…it was now! Amber reached for a drip of juice from Jessica's pussy, and slowly took a taste for herself. Amber rose up, and guided Jessica to a seat on the couch. She then kneeled down in front of her giving me a full view of her own ass in the mini skirt. She began to work her way down Jessica's inner thigh, while she could only watch between her breasts and play with her nipples. Occasionally, she would suck on her own nipples while Amber began to eat her pussy. I had wished on many occasions, I would be the one working those pussy lips into convulsions. I guess this was the next best thing.

As she sucked on Jessica's lips, and ran her tongue the length of her pussy, I felt my cock grow tight. I reached for some lotion to get the feeling of having my cock in that sweet moist pussy, and the juices flowing around my cock, and balls. The lotion was slick and moist. I looked back down to see Jessica's eyes looking at me in approval. She smiled as Amber continued to eat her pussy. Soon enough, Amber stood up and unzipped the back of her tight black mini-skirt. She slowly pealed the skirt down, and off her magnificent ass. Now, Jessica knew she wasn't wearing any panties all along, and probably planned the entire event the whole time they met at the bar. I am sure my presence was more than both had expected. Jessica leaned forward, and began to eat out Amber's wet pussy. She sucked on her lips, and gently pulled them with her teeth. She would run her hands down the length of the back of her legs as she continued to lap up her pussy juices.

Both girls were working themselves into more of a feverish pace. Amber joined Jessica's naked body on the couch, and began to wrap her legs in between her own. They interlocked their crotches against each other, and began to rub pussy lips, and clits. They would glance at many times, while I stroked my hard shaft for them to see, and me to feel. Their lips rubbed faster, and faster as they squeezed their own tits. They would lean back, because the feelings, and their emotions were so over powering. 

My cock was so swollen I could cum at any second. They tried hard to look at my cock, but they were so locked into each other they could barely concentrate on me, and the world around them. I couldn't take it anymore, as they began to orgasm, I shot my fucking load all over the place, including the window, which had given me the most beautiful view of my life. The cum continued to spurt from my cock as Jessica and Amber looked with satisfaction, and approval on their faces. Their own faces became overwhelmed as their own orgasms shot though their bodies.

Their faces were in total ecstasy, as both women lay on the couch in each other's sweat, and total passion; their stomachs convulsing in orgasm, breath running short and quick, and their combined juices running between their thighs. I can only imagine sound of two beautiful having an orgasm, together, at the same time. After a few moments, they sat together, and held each other. I just smiled at them, and went of to bed, so they could be alone…

A few days later, I was down by the pool, where I was working on my tan. Jessica had snuck up on me, and gave me a warm hello. I returned her hello, and she leaned over to whisper in my ear. She said, "These are for you," and slipped into my hand the silky red thong panties she had been wearing that Friday night. I slipped them into my pocket, and said thank you.

To be continued…maybe?!