 Polly was a blonde bombshell if ever there was one. She wanted to be just like Brittany Spears. So she wore her hair like Brittany, took classes to dance like Brittany, and sang along to Brittany as she drove her Mazda. Just like Brittany, Polly was a wet dream come true. She was tall, toned, and blonde. She had long legs, full lips and big tits, and now she worked in The Byways Diner with Samantha. They were in school together and graduated in '07. Sam went on to college and started working here for the summer for the extra cash. Polly did nothing after graduation except hang around with the dumb jocks from the football team. Kent Rogers was her boyfriend, son of the owner of a string of diners across the county, of which The Byways was one. And they were rich, rich, rich.

Polly and Kent had a great understanding, she sucked his cock, and he bought her presents. She spent all last summer driving around in her car (a present from Kent) as if she was invincible, but it had to end soon. His old man's connections got him a place in MIT, and he took it, dropping her like a stone as he left for university. Polly was too dumb for Uni and now she had to get a job, still, luckily Kent's old man was not beyond offering mercy to the bubbly blonde. Though rumour had it he offered a little bit more besides. Polly was working in Byways two months now and already she did less work and got paid more in tips than the other three. She wore a skirt that was a little shorter than normal and habitually "forgot" to button her blouse all the way up. Polly flirted outrageously with the customers. She batted her eyes at them, bent over their tables, and let the horny truck drivers look into her cleavage as she served them coffee. The truck drivers kept coming back, and the tips just kept rolling in. Samantha hated her, not only was she jealous of Polly's good looks but she fancied Paul and he and Bob just went around the diner with permanent hard-ons falling over each other to do Polly's work for her. 

It was a day in August. The weather was so hot, the kind of hot that makes people do weird things. And Samanthas patience finally snapped...

Samantha came into the back room, wiping her hands on a towel as she looked around to get some more Diet coke. Bob and Paul were still in the front, busy with the customers. She assumed that Polly was off somewhere dodging work. She had just reached for the bottle when she heard the bump of something being knocked over and when she went to investigate she noticed that Polly was bending over one of the low tables as she searched inside a cupboard. Sam surveyed Polly's trim ass and her gorgeous legs scissoring idly as she manoeuvred herself further into the press. 

"Is that you Paul," Polly cooed in the flirty voice she used on the two guys.

Her bent-over position had raised the hem of her skirt right up, giving Samantha a precious view of the blonde's long, supple, legs and the garter belt she often flashed at customers and work-mates alike. Samantha said nothing but moved a little closer to where Polly was searching the press. The blonde had obviously thought it was one of the boys in the room behind her and was trying to have a little fun teasing him. She wriggled her semi-exposed ass a little more, hoping to provoke who ever it was.

"It's hard to reach the mustard in here, do you find it "hard" Paul."

"What a clichéd double-entendre" Samantha thought to herself, how she would love to teach this bitch a lesson.

"Would you like to give me a hand," Polly said saucily again and wriggled her backside.

Samantha was taken aback, how bad could this bitch get. She turned to go in disgust before an idea came into her head. If it is a hand she wants, then she will get one. Without making a sound Samantha dipped her hand down to the smooth exposed flesh of her work-mate just above the nylon stocking band, and stroked lightly along her inner thigh. 

"That's not the hand I was looking for Paul." Pollys voice was still flirty, belying her words.

Samantha continued to lightly trace the line of the blonde's thigh, first the left then the right leg. Polly didn't move away from the touch, she stayed in position. It was then that Samantha realised that the blonde was stuck. The idiot had wriggled so hard into the press her shoulder had become caught in the door frame, making is difficult to get back out. "I'd like you to help me up Paul...Paul?" Pollys voice began to take on a hint of doubt as she realised that she was not completely sure who was in the room with her. 

Samantha checked around to see if anyone was coming before she moved up to the black panties between Polly's legs. They were made of a shiny fabric, probably a cotton and lycra mix, expensive panties. Ones that, when they were bought, looked small enough to only fit on a doll but, somehow stretched over the wearers hips like a sheer, clinging, web. Sam very gently traced a line along the edge of the panties, as far in as she could reach and back out again along one side of Pollys pubic mound. She leaned a little closer now and lifted the hem the waitress' pink skirt up onto Pollys back so she could get better access to her ass. Samantha began to make feather light circles around the black cloth covering Polly's crotch and, after a moment of indecision, Polly responded with a deep sigh. The flimsy fabric was soft against her pussy and, after a few moments of very gentle caress, Sam could feel the cloth start to become moist against the tips of her fingers. Polly was no longer trying to ease herself out of the press now, she seemed content to stay where she was and enjoy the sensation of the unknown hand between her legs. The blonde even shifted her legs open a little wider to give her attacker better access. 

Samantha had come to a watershed point now. Should she continue? It wasn't any lesbian inclination which had made her go this far, she just wanted to annoy and confuse her arch enemy. She felt like running and was a little disgusted with herself for even doing this. But, it was a vicious sense of humour which drove her. A sense of humour backed up by a strange desire in Samantha. Polly would make sexual contact with everyone in the room bar her, and something in Sams subconscious didn't like that. What am I? The coat rack? Even the oldest, smelliest, truck driver will get noticed, get to bask in the blondes sexual glory. But, there I am, standing beside her to be compared and contrasted. The plain one. The rain cloud blocking out the sun. Samantha realised that underneath her deep hate was the desire to be noticed by the object of her hate. She wanted Polly to look at her, stand in her personal space, notice her...want her... She stood by the table. Locked in indecision.

"I like it there Bob," it seemed Polly had decided that it wasn't Paul after all behind her.

This was the final straw for Samantha and she decided to go ahead with the plan to humiliate the blonde. She dug her fingers into the side of the black panties and pulled them sharply to the left, exposing Polly to the air. Pollys swelled pussy lips glistened slightly as they swelled open around her vulva. Sam pushed a finger down the cleft of the labia from hole down to Polly's clitoris. Her lips were wet with arousal and made a soft squelching sound as they parted, the blonde's clit was hard and, as Sam's finger touched it, the blonde groaned out loud. Sam knew that not all pussies are created equal, not that she cared, but she was shocked at the size of the blondes clitoris. She traced it with the tip of her finger, it was massive, at least twice the size of her own little button. Sam gritted her teeth. Yet another fine thing in life "literally" dropped into Pollys lap. 

Samantha had no sexual experience with other women but she knew she just had to apply the same principles she used on herself in order to get Polly off. Sam knew she liked small circles traced around her own clitoris so she repeated this act on the blonde, bringing similar sighs of pleasure to those she would make herself. Samantha noted with almost scientific detachment that the blondes ass shivered with excitement when she pushed her index finger into the warm, wet, pussy hole. Samantha pumped her finger for a few moments before adding a second digit and raised an eyebrow with surprise when the blonde breathed the word "More" in response to the fingering. Three fingers would be more that she would use on herself but Polly seemed to accommodate them easily as Sam added her ring finger to the bunch which was slipping and sliding into the blondes well lubricated vagina. Polly was sighing and moaning now, as her unknown assailant gave her a rough finger fucking. At this point Samantha could gauge from the blonde's moans and twitches that she was ready to come and she withdrew her fingers to concentrate on rubbing Polly's clitoris. She rubbed quickly, using direct contact over the bud of the clitoris, flicking the little bud as rapidly as she could with the tip of her finger. The blonde began to pant heavily, her ass quivering in anticipation as the sensations rose higher and higher. Every few moment her pants rose in pitch until eventually she was squealing and biting the back of her hand. Samantha's hand began to hurt as she could feel her wrist cramping. She rubbed harder and faster trying to make Polly come quicker and ease the pain. Abruptly the tension seemed to snap inside the blonde's body and she bucked her ass and moaned as she came. 

Samantha watched the blonde twitch and buck as orgasm overcame her. She wondered, with some detachment, if she did the same when she was at the height of orgasm. Polly was coming down now and starting to relax as her orgasm faded. Sam also wondered, with considerably less detachment, why she was so wet. Her own pussy positively tingled. The inside of her bra felt rough on her nipples. She could feel a flush rising up both sides of her neck to her cheeks and ears. With a start Samantha noticed that the blonde had broken free of the press in her convulsions and thought it about time to leave. She quickly slipped back into the main restaurant while Polly was still gathering her scanty wits.

Sam took up a position at the cash register, where she could see what would happen when Polly came out. In a few minutes the blonde entered the diner looking flushed and bewildered. Samantha laughed inside as she saw Pollys doe eyes searching out the man who had abused her in the back room. She scuttled over to Bob to ask him a question and Samantha could see the puzzled expression on his face as he answered. Then she went to Paul, literally dragging him away from a customer. Paul exchanged sharp words with the blonde as his tip evaporated out the door with the truck driver. Samantha could not suppress her smile as she noticed Polly looking about the room, more confused than ever. 

Then their eyes met, and Polly noticed the smirk of victory on Sam's face, then realisation began to sink in. Sam actually laughed out loud when she saw the look of horror on Pollys open-mouthed face.

"What's so funny" an old lady at the register caused Samantha to turn back to work.

Later in the diner when they were cleaning up Polly confronted her nemesis.

"You fucking bitch" she hissed at Sam in a low voice so that the others could not hear.

"Kiss my ass" Samantha smiled sweetly.

"I'm going to tell everybody that you are a dirty dyke lesbian bitch." Pollys pretty face was purple with rage.

"Go ahead honey," Sam retorted "but you are forgetting one important thing."

"What?"

"Did you cum?" Sam asked. 

Polly refused to answer but, a flush of guilt rose on her cheeks.

"That's right" laughed Samantha "You can tell them that I didn't get my rocks off during that little episode. But you, my dear, blew your top right off." 

"You tricked me!"

"But you still came Poll. Like a bullet train. With another girl too. You're the lesbian, not me" Sam laughed as she saw the blondes confusion.

"And if you make trouble for me I'll reveal your other little secret Polly" 

"What's that?"

"You're not a natural blonde, are you?"