 "There's this girl—" I can get off on words alone, "There's this beautiful girl."

I'm sitting on my bedroom floor, slouched against the wall, with two slick fingers tracing the creases of my pussy. I'm speaking aloud and my words are blurred by heavy breathing.

I'm alone, but in my mind, I'm talking to my best friend, Nicole. I'm not only telling her about this girl, but how, "I want her. Like, you wouldn't believe— how bad I want her." 

My head rolls back and I tell the ceiling, "She knows it too." That's a lie. I'm sure the beautiful girl has no idea. The simplified version of Nicole that lives in my mind asks me, How do you know?

"It's the way she looks at me."

How's that?

"Like she wants me, too." I groan at the syrupy leap of heat up my insides, from my groin to my throat. "Like she wants me to give it to her."

The Nicole in my head laughs. You're pretty cocky when you're talking to yourself.

I nod, grinning shamelessly, "That's right. I know exactly what I want—" my voice snips with a ruthless edge I've never let anyone else hear, "And exactly how to get it."

In my fantasies, I'm confident. Aggressive, even. What's the point of fantasizing about something that's attainable?

I spread my pussy with one hand and rub my clit with the other, circling it with two fingers. Nicole fades away and now I'm talking directly to the girl in question. Before you know the truth of it, live the fantasy with me.

We drop straight into a script I've played through before. The cocky me that lives in my fantasies is slouched, just like I am now, but she's settled in the middle of a couch with the beautiful girl in her lap. She's running her hands back along the girl's thighs and whispering, "How was I supposed to know?"

The beautiful girl in my mind has no voice—here's reality shining through the cracks, I can't give her a voice when I've never heard her speak—so the words she says just come to me. Her lips move and I know she's said, You couldn't tell?

"I could tell, but how was I supposed to know?" I'm tugging on her shirt, pulling her closer. She lowers her head until our noses are touching.

I feel a flicker of that breath-quiet, eyes-unfocused intimacy, the snap of tension when two people are hovering, nearly kissing. It's been months since I've kissed anyone and loneliness is an echo chamber for my lust.

She whispers, Am I going to have to ask?

I'm wet now, the lower half of my pussy is swelling and thickening and I can feel thin electric threads running down my legs, pulling me past arousal and closer to orgasm. I growl, "You're gonna have to beg."

I live alone so there's no one to hear me gasping and panting, "Yeah, fuck, you like that?" while my mind feeds me stuttering, flickering images. My palm flat against her underwear, everything is hot and wet and her thighs are trembling. My fingers slipping under her thong strings, tugging so I can watch her face react to the pressure and friction. My arms around her waist, my legs spread under her weight, my head nuzzling hers. 

I'm making helpless sounds and curling around myself, my stomach hitching even as my fingers continue their rhythm, unfazed. Would she be loud for me? "Louder," I breathe, "Let me hear you. Tell me when I— Tell me when it feels good." 

In my mind, I've flipped her over and rumpled her dress up to her stomach. Her thong is hanging from one ankle and she's holding her knees open. I scramble the sensations my body is reporting to my brain and imagine that the two fingers curled inside me are actually curled inside her. I can see her slender chest rise and fall as I kiss her neck. I'm slurring filthy words against her skin, making promises, telling her what I'm going to do to her, with her, for her, because in my dreams, the girls always want to hear it as bad as I want to say it.

Even when I'm giving—and cocky-fantasy-self is always giving—I end up begging, "Don't stop, don't stop," just before I come. Then there's a long stretch of silence as my body wrings me out. My head knocks softly against the wall and my knees pull toward each other. Fantasy fades to black and I let wordless, sightless ecstasy wash. 

Orgasm just takes you in, no matter how you got there. Whether you're breathing deep, trying to keep your head on straight and your nerves in check in the hands of a new lover, or escaping to a fantasy lover with no flaws, whose hands are actually your hands, orgasm doesn't care. It just says welcome to the top, and smiles like the checkout clerk that looks you over when you buy a cucumber and tub of vaseline at the same time. Orgasm might not say anything, but you know it's thinking, So that's what gets you off? Wow... okay. 

