 Theresa and Kelly had been friends since the third grade. In high school, they both had their share of boyfriends. They told each other their deepest secrets talked about the boys they dated, and how far they went with them. They both lost their virginity in their Junior year, but Theresa knew something was missing. Although she enjoyed being with boys, she didn't enjoy sex with them as it seemed Kelly did. 

Too naive to realize what she was feeling, Theresa continued dating boys, through school and college, but never had sex after that once in high school. It was during her Sophomore year, in college, that Theresa discovered the truth of her sexuality and experienced her first lesbian sex, and many others.

Theresa was apprehensive when she first told Kelly of her sexual preference, but was relieved when she openly accepted it and didn't criticize her. Now her parents were another story. Theresa soon found herself working whatever job she could to put herself through school and provide herself a place to live, once she graduated. Kelly remained supportive, but Theresa knew she couldn't let Kelly know her true feelings. For Theresa had come to realize that she was in love with her best friend, but knew that Kelly didn't feel the same. 

Kelly married her college sweetheart, shortly after graduation. Theresa never did like Todd. She always thought he was too conceited and put Kelly down in ways that were nearly unnoticeable, but Theresa saw through it. Kelly always gave excuses for him, saying he was just trying to help her "better" herself. Theresa tried to make Kelly realize what was really going on, and even tried to tell her about catching Todd with another girl. Kelly refused to listen, so Theresa found herself standing as her Maid-of-Honor.

Kelly and Todd moved out of state, after marrying, but the miles couldn't keep the friends apart. The one thing Kelly did, that truly upset Todd, was remain in contact with Theresa. They called each other, once every couple of weeks, sent cards on birthdays, and got together whenever Kelly returned to visit her family.

Over the years the calls dwindled until Theresa called and found the number had changed, and her cards got sent back. Theresa was saddened and suspected something was wrong, but could do nothing. She frequently thought of her friend, but life goes on. Theresa kept hard at work and quickly became successful in her advertising career. She had several lovers, and one serious relationship that she thought would last, but tragically ended when Karen was killed in a car accident.

It was 18 months after Karen's death, that Theresa came home to her sprawling ranch house, in the country, and listened as a voice from the past spoke to her. For the first time, in 5 years, Kelly's voice was speaking to her. Theresa had to rewind the message to hear what was said. Kelly briefly explained that some changes had happened but the main thing was she had divorced Todd and moved back to town, and hoped they could get together soon. Theresa sat, relieved that the worst of her fears hadn't happened and excited at the prospect of getting to see her old friend again.

Several days later, Theresa finally reached Kelly. They talked briefly and arranged to have a reunion the coming weekend. Friday night arrived quickly, and Kelly arrived at Theresa's house promptly at 7. The two friends were so excited to see each other, that they stood, in the doorway for several seconds, each looking the other over. Then hugging as they laughed and cried, from being apart so long. Theresa showed Kelly in and lead her to the kitchen, where dinner was ready. They spent the night reminiscing and catching up. 

Kelly told how she fell into Todd's verbal abuse which had quickly turned physical. They spent years of therapy and reconciling. It was after a period of therapy that Kelly realized she had to get out of the relationship, before Todd destroyed all of her will. She regretted that it took her so long to leave him.

"I should have listened to you, when you tried to warn me, in college. I could have saved myself a lot of grief," Kelly finished.

"Don't think that, Kel. It was more a feeling than actual proof of his character. I'm just glad that you were able to get help and leave him." Theresa covered Kelly's hand and said, "You're home now, and you know that I'm here and your family is here for you."

Kelly squeezed Theresa's hand, "I'm glad I came back home. I've missed our times together. So, tell me what's been going on with you."

Theresa told her of her growing advertising business, and of Karen and her death. Kelly squeezed her hand in sympathy and asked about Theresa's family.

"Mom and Dad have adjusted. At least they are talking to me, again. And I'm not shunned from family functions anymore. They had even invited Karen to a family barbecue the summer before she died." 

"I'm happy for you, Teri. It's about time your folks realized it wasn't worth shutting you out of their lives, because of their prejudice and fear."

They talked until late in the evening, then made plans to get together every weekend. 

Each Friday evening, they would go to town or stay at Teri's house, catching up on their week or more reminiscing. Teri came to realize that her feelings for Kelly hadn't changed, but wasn't sure of what to do about it. She decided to take her time and see what happened. In the meantime, Teri went to bed and dreamed of loving her best friend. Many nights she woke with her hands between her legs, and quickly brought herself to powerful orgasms, as she thought of loving Kelly's body. 

Every day and night Teri would picture Kelly's long blonde hair, hanging down her bare back and barely brushing the rounded curve of her firm, smooth ass. Thoughts of licking and sucking her rosy nipples, and finally eating her sweet pussy would bring Teri to the edge and a strong orgasm would overtake her, leaving Teri shaking with pleasure, but wanting the real thing even more. Theresa could barely keep her hands to herself, when Kelly was around, but she did.

As the months passed, it was as if Theresa and Kelly had never been apart. They spent all their extra time together, and Kelly commented once about keeping Teri from her social life. Theresa just smiled and assured Kelly that she was happy with her social life as it was. Kelly seemed happy that Theresa enjoyed their time together as much as she did and never questioned it again. 

Kelly did some odd jobs, but enjoyed photography the most. Theresa got used to Kelly bringing her camera wherever they went. When they went horseback riding, Kelly's camera came. When Theresa took Kelly on a trip to Las Vegas, for her job, Kelly's camera followed them. As it did to family gatherings and birthday parties, and every where else. It became such a part of whatever they did, that Theresa forgot about it.

It was on Theresa's birthday when things changed. Kelly had a surprise planned, and Theresa was just waiting until it was revealed. Kelly never was good at keeping surprises very secret. It showed too clearly on her face that she was trying to hide something. Theresa's parents had invited friends and family to their home for the party, and everyone had a good time. By late evening, the guests had left and only Kelly remained. Since it was a Friday night, she had planned to be the last at the party, to give Theresa her gift at her house. As they were leaving, Kelly asked Teri to come by her house first. Theresa wondered what Kelly could be keeping to herself. She seemed ready to burst all night, but she hadn't even given Theresa a gift. Teri sat in the car and waited as Kelly went inside. Theresa watched as Kelly's 5'4" frame walked up the walk to the door. Her thoughts turned as she imagined undressing Kelly, and slowly running her hands over that luscious body, with the long blonde hair swinging. Kelly's voice interrupted the dream.

"Hey, birthday girl! You looked like you were miles away, there."

"Oh, uh, sorry. What did you say?"

Kelly grinned as she leaned in the window." I asked if you feel up to a slumber party. I want to see you open my present for you, but not here. And since it's so late..."

"Sure. A slumber party sounds great."

"Great." Kelly bent down and picked up a medium sized backpack.

"You were pretty sure of yourself weren't you," Teri said with a grin. 

Kelly laughed and answered, "Yep."

Teri laughed with her and waited as Kelly carefully loaded a large flat package into the back of Teri's convertible. The two friends laughed and sang with the loud music coming from the speakers, as they sped down the country roads until Teri pulled up in front of her house. They talked and laughed as they brought in the presents and Kelly's bag. Kelly placed her gift on the sofa and told Teri she could open it when her other gifts were put away. Grumbling half- heartedly, Teri quickly put away the books and knick knacks that she had already gotten. She hurried back to the living room anticipation making her breathless.

Kelly stepped aside and nervously shifted from one foot to the other. "It's not professional, by any means. But I really liked it and hope you will,too."

Her curiosity piqued, Teri quickly tore the wrapping off and stood in awed admiration. She couldn't find the words to express her thanks and appreciation, so stood in silence. Kelly took it as disapproval. She nervously started speaking. 

"It's the picture the man took of us at the beach. I just thought it was one of our better pictures. With the coloring and all. A reminder of how much fun we had and..." Kelly's voice trailed off as she saw Teri's head turn towards her with a look that mesmerised her. She seemed glued to the spot, as she watched Teri slowly walk towards her. When Teri stopped just inches away, but still said nothing, she softly said, "If you don't like it, I can get you something else."

"Don't you dare," Teri nearly growled. "I love it. It's perfect. I do think it's a good picture of us. And I wouldn't dream of sending back for another."

Kelly nervously fluttered her hands. She felt unusually nervous and excited, at the same time. Her heart was racing and it all seemed to be from the nearness of her best friend. As Teri continued looking at her, yet not moving. Kelly suddenly became very aware of the slight difference of their height, although Teri was just a couple inches taller. She suddenly realized how attractive her lifelong friend was with her dark shoulder-length hair and burning brown eyes. Burning? Yes, and pleasure coursed through her when she realized the burning was for her. Kelly felt a slow burning spread throughout her belly and, surprisingly, a wetness between her legs. Unconsciously, she licked her dry lips. And her heart raced as Teri's gaze watched the motion and her eyes seemed to turn black, with the rising passion. Kelly's lips parted as she watched, trance-like, as Teri leaned closer, lightly holding Kelly's head between her hands. Pausing briefly, then closing the distance and covering her lips with hers.

Breaths held as hearts raced, and they pulled apart, briefly, as they gazed deeply, then angled their heads for a deeper and closer fit. Mouths widened and tongues intertwined as the kiss lengthened and bodies were pulled closer. Arms pulled tight as if trying to blend together, and the kiss went on and on. Neither one wanting or willing to end it. Breathless, they finally did part, but continued to hold each other close.

When Kelly made no move to pull away, Teri quietly admitted, "I've wanted to do that for years."

Kelly blushed slightly and smiled. "Are we going to make up for lost time?"

Teri grew serious and asked, "What do you want? I don't want to push you into anything. I want to be able to remain friends, no matter what happens."

Kelly remained silent for a few moments, then pulled Teri's head down for a passionate kiss, as her answer. Moans emitted from deep within as their hands slowly explored the other's body. Teri thrilled at the smooth lushness of Kelly's breasts, as they pressed into her own. But she wanted more, with no interference. She slowly let her hands move over Kelly's back, then slid them over her shoulders and unbuttoned her blouse. When her hands gently squeezed the soft globes, Kelly's moan was enough for Teri. She trailed kisses down her neck and unfastened Kelly's bra. As the globes of flesh were released, Teri gently sucked an already hard nipple into her hungry mouth. Her tongue flicked the hard nub over and over, causing soft moans to escape Kelly's parted lips. Teri took the other nipple and repeated the tonguing as her fingers lightly pinched the hard, wet nipple she had just left.

Kelly's moans of, "yess...ooh, yessss..."encouraged Teri to continue. The fingers of her other hand closed around the second nipple as Teri trailed kisses across Kelly's ribcage and down her stomach. Pausing to twirl her tongue in her navel then down to stop where the waist of Kelly's jeans stopped her exploration. Teri released the taut nipples and brought them to unfasten the denim pants and slide them off, along with the silky thong. The smell of Kelly's arousal heated Teri's desire more, and she continued placing tender kisses lower to the apex of Kelly's thighs. Teri suddenly stood up and Kelly cried a strangled, "No" at the loss.

Teri kissed Kelly's parted lips tenderly, and said, "Not here. The bed is more comfortable."

Kelly nodded and followed as Teri took her hand and lead her to the master bedroom. Kelly's eyes widened briefly when she saw the large bed that took up most of the space of the room, then was awash with a thousand sensations as Teri took her in her arms and kissed her, as she held her close. Kelly let her hands travel the path that Teri's had just a short time before, and began to remove Teri's clothes. Teri stood still and let Kelly undress her and look at her best friend, soon to be her lover. Teri's heart sped as she saw the look of desire in Kelly's hazel eyes. Kelly's eyes slowly traveled from Teri's head to her toes, then up again, to meet Teri's eyes squarely and smile.

"Show me how to love you. Make love to me, Teri."

They moved together, laying side by side in the middle of the bed, touching and kissing. Letting the passion build again. Teri slowly moved so she lay between Kelly's parted thighs. The blonde hairs were sparse, and Teri could see Kelly's juices glistening on the pink lips that slightly protruded. Teri slowly licked Kelly's pussy from bottom to top, slowly circling then flicking over her clit. Kelly's breath hissed between her teeth and she moved her hips closer to Teri's mouth. Teri eagerly dived in and licked Kelly's juices up. Thrusting her tongue deeply, and wiggling it around to gather more. Kelly's hands grasped Teri's head and pulled it closer. Teri tongue-fucked Kelly's pussy, as Kelly's cries of ecstasy filled the room. Teri quickly thrust two fingers into Kelly's pussy, and took her clit between her lips and alternated between sucking and flicking her tongue over Kelly's clit. Kelly was soon bucking her hips and crying out.

"Oh, fuck. Uungh, yessss. I'm cumming, Teri! Oh, shit, I'm cummingggg!"

Her juices flowed freely, and Teri gently continued licking them as Kelly slowly came down from her overwhelming orgasm. When she settled, releasing Teri's head, Teri moved back up to lay beside her and took Kelly into her arms. She held her for a few moments, until Kelly turned and looked deeply into Teri's eyes.

"I want to make love to you, Teri, but I've never done this before. I want it to be good for you, like it was for me."

"Just do what you like having done to you. Just being here with you makes me feel good."

Kelly slowly leaned forward and kissed Teri. She pulled back a little and her tongue licked her lips. Then she leaned in again and gave Teri a deeper kiss. Sharing the taste of her pussy and liking it. She moved down and soon found a hard nipple. She gazed at breasts before her and spent a few minutes cupping their fullness and bringing the dark rosy nipples to hard pebbles. Marveling at how they reacted to her touch. Kelly then took one taut nipple into her mouth and hungrily licked and sucked on it. Teri's moans of pleasure thrilled her, and Kelly moved to the other nipple and repeated the licking and sucking.

"Ooh, Kelly! Baby, that feels so good. Sooo good."

Kelly smiled at the sounds of pleasure coming from Teri's mouth, and continued taking turns licking and sucking on Teri's hard nipples, until she felt the tremors passing through Teri's body. Teri's body stiffened and relaxed as her orgasm rushed through her. Kelly continued with her love making and left a trail of moist kisses, that lead to Teri's bare mound. Kelly placed kisses all over it and slowly breathed in Teri's slightly musky scent. The smell of her arousal. Kelly lightly touched the smooth- shaven pussy and her touch grew bolder as Teri gasped at the tentative touch. She gently parted the swollen lips and hungrily gazed at the naked folds opened to her. She meekly stuck her tongue out and licked at the wetness. Finding she liked the taste and encouraged by Teri's moans, Kelly pressed closer and began licking up one side then down the other. Finally licking down the center and slipping the tip of her tongue between the pink folds. Teri's breath caught then was released in a long sigh. Kelly pressed closer so her mouth covered Teri's pussy and her nosed pressed against her clit. Kelly kissed, licked and sucked on Teri's cunt lips, then slowly thrust her tongue deeper and deeper. Pushing deeper and faster as Teri's hips met each thrust. Kelly thrilled at the taste of her friend's juices and the sounds of pleasure she cried as Kelly made love to her friend and lover. For Kelly knew she wanted to live the rest of her life with Teri, as lovers and friends. Kelly pushed two fingers into Teri's pussy and twisted them as she thrust them in and out. Harder and faster, as she fastened her lips around Teri's protruding clit and flicked her tongue over and over. Kelly's fingers were suddenly clamped tightly, by Teri's cunt muscles, and Teri screams in pleasure.

"Oh, fuck, Kel! I'm cumming, baby. Aaaaah, yessss! I'm cumming...cumminggggg! Oooh, fuck...yess!"

When Teri's pussy released Kelly's fingers from it's grasp, Kelly licked Teri's juices off of them, then gently lapped at her pink folds for a few moments, before laying next to Teri and kissing her deeply.

They held each other tenderly, kissing and touching. They briefly broke apart.

"I love you, Kel."

"I love you, Teri."

They laughed. Joy filling their hearts as they now knew their was returned. 

They pulled the covers over their cooling bodies, and soon fell asleep, in each other's arms. Both dreaming of what their future held...together.