 Rewind to six years ago when her and I first met. I remember thinking to myself how intrigued I was by her, a small statured blonde butch with a whole lot of command presence. 

I thought briefly in that moment, how perfect her and I would be together. She was absolutely gorgeous. Not in the Barbie doll way, but in that steamy functional, fuck your brains out sort of way. 

The women I had slept with the last 10 years were of that Barbie doll variety. Most of them married (like me) just having casual fun from time to time. Nothing serious. I have known for years that my preference is for the more masculine variety of women... That however, is not my husband's preference. 

I never really seen my blonde often. She lived nearly an hour and a half from me and while she worked nearest to me, I rarely seen her. I could count on one hand the amount of times I would see her throughout the year. Those days I was lucky enough to see her I made sure my outfit was always flawless, my long hair freshly styled. 

I looked forward to those moments I would see her. Her and I always chatted about inappropriate things and laughed until our short time together was over. Never much of any interaction afterward. She pegged me as straight and married and I knew she had a long term partner whom I assumed she was happy with. What would a woman like that ever want with a girl like me anyway. 

This sort of stifled interaction occurred for years. Until a Saturday night kiss changed my life path. 

I found myself with her one night at a bar with mutual friends. This was a planned interaction of which I spent no less than 2 months looking forward to. The outfit I had carefully chosen was casual with a sexy undertone I knew she wouldn't ignore. 

The tight white tank top I wore was a great accessory to my beautiful tan breasts. 

Her attention had been on me from the moment I walked into the bar. Over the years she and I had built a flirtatious fun friendly banter. Nothing serious, just friend stuff. She had no idea the feelings I had inside myself for her. 

I spent a large part of that evening socializing and making my rounds amongst those at the bar who I knew. About 1am I found myself standing between my 5 year crush and an empty barstool. I can remember turning to my left after collecting my drink and seeing her sitting there next to me. She wasn't there 5 minutes earlier when I placed my drink order. There she was, sitting there with her beer staring at me. 

I smirked and said awkwardly "when did you sneak up here?"

To which she replied "kiss me".

I do not ever recall feeling my heartbeat in my fingertips until that moment. My heart felt like it was going to beat out of my chest. I leaned in and put my mouth on hers, she grabbed my waist and pulled me in. it was like a bomb went off in my head. Then I became aware of the puddle in my pants. The kiss lasted all of twenty seconds before I pulled away. Was this really fucking happening?! This girl I had spent the last 5 years secretly wanting just kissed me... Oh my god! 

My lips hadn't been free from hers for more than a minute when she repeated those same words "kiss me". 

Im sure the second time I kissed her, she could feel my body trembling. I tried hard to stop it from shaking but to no avail. I put my hands through the back of her short hair and kissed her like it was all I wanted in life. 

She stood up from the bar stool, grasping my trembling sweaty hand and lead me to the bathroom. I am not a bathroom fuck type of girl. But I couldn't stop myself from following her into that stall. My mind was racing. My heart thumping. An adrenaline rush like I've never experienced. 

She closed that bathroom door and pushed me up against the tiled bathroom wall. She pressed her body against mine and kissed me again shoving her pelvis into me. One of her hands had migrated up my shirt where she had a soft grasp on my breast. Her other hand was in the process of unbuttoning my tight jeans. Before I even knew what was happening I could feel her wet fingers working their way to my clit. 

She quit kissing me for a moment and asked me if I was okay. I wasn't able to verbalized a response, instead I nodded in approval. 

My blonde crush wiggled my jeans down below my knees and in one movement slid two fingers inside of me. I could feel the anticipation of this moment running down my pussy lips. As she continued moving in and out of me I laid my head on her shoulder. I bit into her shirt as I felt myself completely let go. 

I placed my hand over the fingers she had inside me and leaned down to gather up my pants. This night was to be the start of something life changing...