 "Wake Up Call"

"Mistress?" Debbie spoke softly, barely loud enough to be heard over the musical snoring that filled the bedroom. She knew, empirically, that she should be speaking louder, but when she looked down at her lover's face, features softened into an angelic innocence by sleep, she couldn't quite bring herself to fulfill her duties all that vigorously.

She touched Anna on the shoulder. "Mistress?" she said again, a little louder this time. No response at all. Debbie wasn't all that surprised. They'd just gotten back from the airport about two hours ago, and while Anna had insisted she'd be fine after a quick nap, the dark circles under her eyes had suggested something quite different. Her Mistress had pushed herself very hard at the convention, barely even catching a wink of sleep here and there between parties and seminars and panels and shopping in the dealer's room for new toys and taking in shows and more than a few informal bondage sessions in the hotel room. (Debbie had tagged along for almost all of it, of course, but she still felt a lot more alert than her owner. Something to do with being sunk into a deep trance almost the entire weekend tended to relax a person.)

Debbie's instincts all told her to just let Anna sleep, but Lady Synn was having a get-together tonight, and Anna really wanted to be there. Which meant that Debbie was torn between obeying her Mistress' commands and seeing to her general well being. And it didn't help that she looked so cute when she was asleep...it wasn't easy sometimes, being a lifestyle submissive.

Steeling herself, Debbie pulled off the covers. Still no response. Anna was out like a light. Debbie climbed onto the bed, sitting next to her. "Mistress," she cooed, gently shaking Anna's shoulder. "Mistress..."

The problem, Debbie thought as she stroked her hand down the swell of Anna's hip, is that waking a sleeping person requires a certain degree of ruthlessness. You have to be willing to brave grumpiness, battle your way through the determined efforts of the sleeper to remain asleep, and risk the very real chance that they'll give you a dirty look. And Debbie knew that the first time Anna gave her a dirty look, she'd be down on her knees begging for forgiveness like a good little hypnoslut. It posed a real problem.

Debbie looked at the clock. Six o'clock, and the party started at eight. An hour to prepare, a twenty-minute drive, and of course it wouldn't do to be anything other than fashionably late...she could afford to do this slowly. "Mistress, it's time to wake up," she said in soft, plaintive tones. Not too slowly, though.

Anna rolled over onto her front, but that was the only sign of life in her. (Well, that and the snoring, but it was definitely the only sign of consciousness.) Debbie grinned a little, and slid down to the foot of the bed. Leaning over, she gave the sole of Anna's left foot a long, slow lick. Mistress couldn't complain about being woken like this too much, could she? Debbie licked the other foot. Not when she loved tongue baths so much, she couldn't.

The foot worship finally seemed to get a little bit of a response. Debbie felt Anna twitching as she held Anna's feet steady while she licked. (Debbie and Anna both loved the S&M aspect of their relationship, but that didn't mean Debbie wanted to get inadvertently kicked in the face by a disoriented and groggy Mistress.) "Mistress?" Debbie asked between licks. "Are you awake yet?"

Anna didn't respond verbally, but the snoring finally stopped and Debbie felt Anna's toes wiggle against her tongue. She licked a bit more. "Mistress," she said, "it's time to wake up for the party."

There was an explosive sigh from up near the pillow. "...what time's it?" Anna asked, rolling over and squinting around.

Debbie looked over at the clock. "Five after six, Mistress," she said.

Anna grunted. "Fifteen more minutes," she said, curling herself up into the fetal position and closing her eyes again.

For half a second, Debbie struggled with her conscience. She knew from long experience that Anna had a love affair with the snooze button, and having been pressed into service as a human alarm clock, Debbie had a sneaking suspicion that her own submissive nature would let "fifteen more minutes" turn into a good deal more as long as Mistress kept ordering Debbie to let her sleep. And while sleepy, groggy Mistress would be very happy with her hypnoslut for obeying, fully-awake-and-missed-the-party Mistress would be more than a little put out. Debbie didn't want Mistress to be displeased with her, not even for a moment.

Which was an impossible dilemma right now. Debbie squirmed in the grip of conflicting sets of commands. Let her sleep, wake her up...either one would result in a grumpy Mistress, and really, fifteen minutes wasn't too much to ask, she could get up at 6:20 and still make the party easily, and...and...

Debbie blinked. With a start, she realized she'd gone into an eyes-open trance staring at the clock. Obviously, her brain had decided to handle the dilemma by going under and letting herself become completely, mindlessly obedient. Can't be at fault if you can't make decisions, right? But it was 6:20 now, and that meant it was time to go back to work. She kissed Anna on the cheek. "Time to wake up, Mistress," she said again.

Anna squinched open one eye just a little. "mm." As responses went, it wasn't the most articulate. She rolled over to face away from Debbie.

Debbie snuggled up next to her, spooning up against Anna's back. "Please wake up, Mistress," she said. No response. Desperately, she said, "There's a present in it for you!"

Anna snorted with sleepy laughter. "Oh, really?" she said, her voice still not sounding all that awake.

"Uh-huh!" Debbie said brightly. She was actually pretty proud of herself. It wasn't exactly easy, sneaking a surprise into the hotel room, into the luggage, onto the plane, and then back into the house, especially when Debbie's mind was pretty much an open book whenever her Mistress said any one of a dozen or so trigger phrases. But she'd managed it, and the look on Anna's face when she saw the pendant would be worth the trouble it took to surprise her. (And the look on Debbie's face when she watched Mistress dangle the pendant in front of her eyes would be even better.)

Anna raised her head off the pillow for a moment, looking at the clock. "Ten more minutes," she said.

Debbie scrambled around to the other side of the bed to face Anna again. "You promise you'll wake up in ten minutes?" she said in her 'good little girl' voice.

"Mmhmmm," Anna said, already closing her eyes as she spoke.

Debbie turned over to watch the clock. 6:25 now. 6:50 would really be the latest they could push it if they didn't want to rush, and Debbie knew how much Anna hated to be in a hurry. So one snooze would be alright, but then she'd really have to be firm. Debbie sighed, wriggling up against Anna's warm body. She knew that she wasn't any good at being firm, especially not to someone she'd been conditioned to obey implicitly.

At 6:35, Debbie rolled over to face her Mistress. "It's really, really, really time to wake up now, Mistress," she said.

Anna opened her eyes just a little. "Just a few more minutes," she mumbled.

"I..." Oh, this was exactly what she was afraid of! "You have no idea how hard this is, Mistress," she said. Time to play the guilt card. "I really want to wake you up, but you look so comfy when you're asleep..."

"Bullshit," Anna said good-humoredly, closing her eyes again. "You just wish you were asleep with me."

"No," Debbie said, "I'm just confused about which command I should follow, the one to wake you up or the one to let you sleep."

Anna opened her eyes again lazily and fixed Debbie with a stare for a long moment. "I know you," she said. "You can't fool me." She closed her eyes again, and Debbie felt her own eyes water in sympathy. "You can't think of anything nicer than being curled up with me and sinking into deep, hypnotized sleep."

"I...I mean, yes, I always like to be hypnotized, Mistress, but..." Debbie realized that her own breathing was synchronizing with Anna's slow, relaxed breaths.

"But nothing," Anna said, her eyes still shut. Debbie could tell that she wasn't nearly awake enough to avoid falling back to sleep if Debbie didn't keep trying to wake her. But... "You want to sleep, debbiegirl. You want to curl up in my arms, just like you are now, close your heavy, tired, sleepy eyes, and sink down."

Part of Debbie marveled at the way her Mistress had such perfect hypnotic technique that she could even hypnotize someone while half-asleep. Another part of Debbie knew that she was such a pushover, Anna could probably trance her out just by tapping her forehead and saying, "Sleep." But both of those parts of Debbie were rapidly dwindling in the face of increasing hypnotic bliss.

"You..." Speech was getting increasingly difficult as Debbie felt her mind go still and blank, her thoughts drifting down to the place she always loved to be, deep down in obedient trance like a good hypnoslut. But she knew she needed to wake her Mistress up, clung to the knowledge because it was a command from her Mistress, and Debbie had already sunk deeply enough that she knew she had to obey commands. Obedience was pleasure. So she had to say, "you need to wake up, Mistress," even though she said it in a vacant monotone.

Mistress opened her eyes, and Debbie breathed a slow sigh of relief. "Sleep, debbiegirl," she said, and when she closed her eyes again, Debbie's eyes shut right along with them.

Now debbiegirl knew they were both in trouble. She could feel herself falling deeper into trance, the warmth of Mistress' body against her own so soft, soothing, pleasant, oh-so-comfortable...she felt her breathing slow as Mistress' breathing slowed, and she could tell that without Mistress to wake her, she'd drift down until the trance turned into sleep and she dreamed away the exhaustion of the con right alongside her Mistress. Already, the thought of opening her eyes seemed like an impossible task.

debbiegirl felt hot tingles in her cunt as she sank into deeper hypnosis, as the thought of being Mistress' sleepy little hypnoslut made her more aroused and more obedient, just like it always did, but the lethargy overcoming her body was even stronger than her arousal. All debbiegirl could do was snuggle up tightly to her sleepy Mistress, let their bodies press together as Mistress sank into sleep, as debbiegirl sank into trance. She rocked gently against Mistress, and felt Mistress rock in return against her.

And that felt nice, so nice. Those nice, sleepy, horny feelings just flowed through debbiegirl's body like a slow, lazy wave of heat, and the way her foggy mind struggled to stay awake made her so horny now, and the way it failed made her more aroused still. She could hear Mistress' breathing, no longer slow and regular but filled with ragged sighs and gasps, and a distant part of her suggested that maybe she could wake Mistress up with an orgasm, and that just made her rock a little harder, feeling hot, spiky surges of pleasure as her clit brushed up against Mistress' clit. If she could wake Mistress up, she wouldn't need to wake herself up. If she could make Mistress cum, she could wake Mistress up. If she could make Mistress cum, she could please Mistress and obedience was pleasure and pleasure was obedience and oh, oh, ohhhhhh...

She felt as much as heard Mistress' orgasm, and her own mind echoed with her Mistress' pleasure, just as she'd been programmed to. The drifting, hazy pleasure of the afterglow suffused her whole body, after that, and debbiegirl hoped she'd woken up her Mistress because she was defintely drifting down into...

*****

They arrived at the party at around 11:15, to a chorus of giggles and knowing winks. "We overslept!" Anna insisted to anyone and everyone at the gathering. "Really!"

But nobody believed them. Not when they saw the blissed-out look on Debbie's face.

THE END