 This is part 3 of the story. For the context and your enjoyment I would recommend that you read parts 1 & 2 first before you read this. Enjoy!

*

I woke the following morning with a smile playing lazily on my face, thinking of the dreams that were fast receding the more I came to consciousness. I couldn't remember the details but I could feel the wetness between my legs which was a good indication of the great dream I'd just had. I did remember that it had included Hannah.

I dragged myself out of bed anticipating the day ahead of us. Max welcomed me like he hadn't seen me in weeks, happy that he was going to get his morning walk earlier than usual which also meant that he was going to get his breakfast early.

After tending to the dog's needs I jumped into the shower. As the warm water washed over me, I could feel myself becoming aroused again and my hand slipped down between my legs, feeling the wetness. 

"No, stop Jess," I mumbled to myself, thinking that I wanted to wait and just see what happened with Hannah. After all, there was always tonight.

I eventually pulled up to Hannah's house just after 10am and knocked on the door. I could hear Tyson barking before a figure appeared hidden behind the frosted glass. The door swung open to reveal Hannah only wearing a towel with wet hair.

"Sorry! I slept in and have only just got out of the shower," she said, looking hassled.

"No worries, we've got all day," I grinned, admiring the scenery as she stood in front of me. "I was wondering if you always greeted people dressed like this at the door or whether this was for my benefit."

She blushed, looking down at her towel, "Well, um, I hoped it was you and not the postman," she said looking up into my eyes.

I smiled, letting my eyes travel down her body, noticing the smooth skin on her neck that led down across her chest and into the cleavage that the towel so cruelly hid the contents of.

She shivered as she saw my eyes on her.

"You'd better get something warmer on than that, it'll be breezy where we're going today."

"Well, you'd keep me warm wouldn't you?" she said pointedly.

I tried to ignore the hot rush that travelled to my loins, instantly turning me on.

"Yeah, I might manage something!" I said.

"Come in while you are waiting," she said. "I'll be a couple of minutes and then we can go."

I walked through the door and took in the surroundings. A comfortable home, lived in and welcoming were my immediate thoughts.

Hannah dashed upstairs as I looked around, looking at the pictures of her and her family. I looked at my watch, wondering if two minutes were up yet. I decided they were, and wanting to satisfy my curiosity I headed up the stairs. I could hear movement from the room on the left so I headed that way. Pushing the door gently I could see Hannah stood in front of the wardrobe in her bra and knickers obviously trying to decide what to wear.

"You could just wear those if you wanted," I said quietly.

She jumped and turned to face me, her cheeks blushing. I walked towards her admiring her pert breasts enclosed in a white lacy bra and noticed the matching briefs with the shortly trimmed dark pubic hair showing underneath.

"Can I help you?" I said, my voice betraying my feelings.

Without waiting for an answer I brushed past her and looked into her wardrobe. I was acutely aware of her presence behind me and could hear her shortened breath. I reached into the wardrobe and pulled a shirt and pair of cute trousers off the hanger. As I stood up and turned around, Hannah had moved forward slightly so we were inches away from each other but not quite touching. I could see her nipples poking through her bra, short nubs that I just ached to squeeze. Her breath was coming faster and I was aware that my own breath was short. I looked into her eyes and was drawn into the depths of them trying to read the unfathomable look that she was giving me. Her eyes then moved; across my face and down towards my breasts as though she was trying to drink me in. Just that action of her eyes moving made me feel like she was caressing me, touching me so gently.

I moved forward ever so slightly, so we were even closer but still not touching. I could feel her breath on my skin and desperately wanted to touch her, but remembering her words from yesterday made me hold back realising she would have to make the move. 

Shutting my eyes I tried to control my breathing and control the feelings that were coursing through me. I then became aware of a gentle movement on my arms where she had reached out to me with her hands. The next feeling I became aware of was of her moving into me. Our breasts gently touched, and then her mouth was on my neck.

I groaned leaning my head to one side as she started to kiss and gently lick my neck, moving up to my ear lobe, then back down towards my collar. She pulled away gently and I opened my eyes looking into hers. I couldn't resist any more. I leaned down and kissed her on the lips with a passion that startled me, almost trying to inhale her into me so I could taste her and get closer to her. She moaned into my mouth as our tongues duelled, each one trying to explore the other. I could feel myself falling into some sort of hypnotic trance as we danced a tango of tongues.

Finally we broke apart, and looked at each other, both of us panting heavily.

"Are these OK?" I asked, holding up the shirt and trousers I had pulled out of the wardrobe.

Hannah looked at them, looked at me and we both burst out laughing, breaking the sexual tension between us.

"Yes, they're fine," she smiled taking them from me.

She turned away, dropping them onto the bed before pulling a pair of socks on. As she finished getting dressed I watched, admiring her perfectly toned legs disappearing into the trousers and then her arms and gorgeous breasts disappearing into the shirt. She looked up at me and smiled as she saw me watching.

"Ready!" she called. "Shall we go?"

"I think we better before I start trying to get you out of those clothes!" I replied, turning towards the door where Tyson was waiting for us.

**************

We headed north towards the Northumberland coast. The hour's car journey went quickly with light hearted chat where we learned more about each other and had the inevitable conversation about dogs.

I turned off the main road onto a small lane that led to my favourite place in the whole of Northumberland and as we rounded a corner the vista set before us was stunning. Long white sandy beaches that went on for miles with dramatic cliffs, and in the distance we could see one of the many ancient castles that littered the coastline.

"Wow!" exclaimed Hannah. "I've never been up here before, but this is beautiful!"

"Spectacular isn't it? I try to get here as often as I can, but it can be difficult sometimes so when I get the opportunity I make the most of it," I replied.

"Look, you can even see Holy Island!" she said.

"Yep, good innit!" I said with a grin on my face.

The dogs could also tell where we were and were beginning to get very excited in the back and as soon as I opened the door after we had stopped they rushed out and down the path to the beach.

We followed at a more leisurely pace with me leading the way. There was one tricky spot where the path steepened and it was a bit muddy underfoot. I held out my hand to Hannah to help her down which she took gratefully. It just seemed natural to keep hold of her hand after that and we walked along the beach chatting comfortably. The dogs were happy running in and out of the surf and play fighting with each other, often rushing up to us to check we were still coming.

"This is great you know," Hannah said, "only it's a bit chilly!"

"Ah, the north east wind strikes again!" I replied. "I thought you'd be used to this having been born and brought up here!"

"Yes, but I've got very thin blood!"

"Well, I'm going to have to do something about keeping you warm then aren't I?" I teased.

"Hmmm. I wonder what that would be then?" she said to me, lifting an eyebrow at me suggestively.

"Well, I seem to remember the last time we were on the beach you managed to warm up quickly when I tickled you...!"

Hannah squealed and ran off, trying to get away from my fingers. I gave chase and eventually caught her up on one of the sand dunes. I grabbed her and started tickling.

"Stop, stop, please!" she panted, laughing at the same time.

"Why? I thought you were cold!"

"Please, mercy, mercy!"

Suddenly she went on the offensive and grabbed me, pulling me down with her into the sand. I stopped tickling immediately, my heart almost stopping at the same time. She gently lifted her hand to my face, tracing her finger down my cheek to my chin, across my mouth. Her eyes had a look of passion and lust that I hadn't seen before as she moved her fingers back up my face and across my eyes.

"Beautiful," she murmured, lifting her face up to mine, brushing my cheek with hers, feeling the downy hair with her own. She then turned her lips onto my cheek, caressing them gently across my skin and towards my lips. She kissed me so softly and so gently, her lips on my lips almost not moving. I could feel her breath on my face as she moved back to my cheeks, kissing me with a barely controlled passion, moving around my face before she came back to my lips. She started gently nibbling at my bottom lip before moving onto my top lip and then eventually pressed her lips into mine. We kissed passionately for a long time before I felt her tongue move across my lips and push into my mouth. She explored my mouth with her tongue so gently before letting mine into hers. I responded by searching her mouth with the same intensity, loving the taste of her.

I shifted my weight so I was half on top of her and she moaned pushing back with her hips. My hand traced up her side, dipping inside her shirt at the waist feeling her skin, the muscles under my hand responding to my touch. I moved my hand up and felt her breast, her nipple erect through the lace of her bra. She moaned when I touched it, my thumb playing round the nipple as her hips moved into me.

I moved my mouth down her neck, her breathing heavy as I nibbled around her ear and then down towards her clavicle. Licking and tasting her sweet skin, nipping gently I moved even further down, opening her shirt buttons one by one until I could see her bra. I dipped my head into her cleavage, breathing her scent in deeply, loving her smell.

"We need to get this off," I mumbled, moving my hand off her breast and reaching around her back to unclip her bra. As it came loose, she shrugged the straps down her arms which freed her breasts from their constraints. I nuzzled into her kissing and licking while taking in the beauty of them. A perfect handful, she was probably about a C cup with dark areolas and tall, erect nipples poking out in anticipation. I leaned down reverently teasing her by moving round, tasting her but not touching her nipples. Finally when I could wait no longer I took one into my mouth. She cried out as I began sucking while my hand tweaked and played with her other nipple.

"Oh, yes, Jess," she breathed, pushing herself into me harder. Her hand had moved down to the front of her trousers and she was rubbing herself on the outside of the fabric. The more I sucked, played, tweaked and gently bit her, the harder she rubbed herself until she cried out, "oh yes, yesssss!"

"That was wonderful!" she said as I moved back up towards her face, kissing me passionately.

"Are you sure you are ok with this?" I said, mindful of her wariness after our first kiss and not wanting to push her into something she wasn't ready for.

"Yes, I'm ok. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since that first day we met and I know I wasn't sure at the beginning, but I think we have something here. I don't want to back off just because I'm a bit scared." She looked up shyly at me, her eyes hesitant and questioning as if she thought she had said too much.

"Good," I said. "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you either and it nearly killed me when you didn't call. I'm very glad you did though. I don't want to hurt you and I will respect you always."

Hannah's face showed the relief she felt as she reached up and kissed me. As we lay there in each other's arms, she shivered slightly.

"You're cold," I said realising that she was still half dressed. "Come on, let's walk back and find our dogs. Maybe we can do something about warming you up properly when we get home," winking at her.

We got up and called for the dogs who were still happily playing on the beach, running in and out of the water. They came bounding up to us, panting heavily with silly happy looks on their faces.

"We're not the only ones who have had fun!" Hannah said wryly.

"Good! They'll sleep well later!" I replied.

We walked back to the car, our arms tightly around each other's waists, comfortable with our closeness.

As we got into the car, I turned to Hannah and said, "So, do you want to come back to mine then?"

"I thought you'd never ask!" she said with a smile, putting her hand onto my leg. I smiled and could feel myself getting turned on again with the thought of what may come later.

*******

As we travelled back her hand rested on my leg the entire way. It occasionally moved, squeezing and exploring which did nothing for my concentration on the road. I could feel myself getting more and more aroused, eventually having to take one hand off the wheel to hold hers just to keep it still.

"Sorry," she said, grinning at me.

"You're a bad 'un aren't you?" I teased.

"You don't know the half of it!" she replied, "Now keep driving!"

We eventually pulled up to my house and let the dogs out with Max leading the way to the door, Tyson hot on his heels.

"Hang on you two! Let me get to the door otherwise I can't open it!" I said, pushing my way past the two happy dogs.

I unlocked the door and they two dogs charged in, heedless of the alarm they set off as they ran into the kitchen.

"Come in," I said to Hannah, switching the light on and the alarm off. "Do you want a drink?" I asked as I went into the kitchen, watching the dogs share the water bowl, lapping thirstily. I picked it up and refilled it and turned to Hannah who was shyly standing at the kitchen door.

"What have you got?" she asked.

"Soft drinks, tea, coffee, beer, wine - anything really."

"Uh, I'll have whatever you're having then."

"Beer then," I said turning to the fridge and grabbing a couple of bottles and handing her one.

"Cheers."

"Cheers."

"Here's to our faithful doggy friends," I toasted, giving her a look that meant more than I said.

"I'll drink to that," returning my look and then glancing at Max and Tyson, both of whom were looking hopefully at us.

"What?" I asked them. "What do you want?" 

Max tilted his head on one side again and then bounced up, nudging the cupboard door where his dinner was kept before turning to look at me again and sitting down hopefully. I looked at my watch knowing it was nearly his dinner time, but he always had a habit of asking earlier in the hope of tricking me into feeding him earlier.

"Ok, it's nearly time," I said. "What time does Tyson get fed normally?" I asked, turning to Hannah who was watching my interaction with Max with a smile on her face.

"About now, so we could feed them together if that's ok?"

"Yes, I think that would be better. Here let me get you a spare bowl for him."

I turned and reached a bowl down off the top of the cupboard, handing it to her. I lifted Max's bowl and measured out his dinner, putting a bit of water in with his dried food. Hannah did the same and we put the bowls down in front of the dogs who were sat their best, not taking their eyes of their bowls. When Max looked up at me I said, "Ok then," and he rushed towards his bowl. Hannah did the same with Tyson.

"Shall we go through to the living room?" I asked, leading the way. "I think that'll keep them quiet for a bit."

I sat down on the sofa, curling my legs up and Hannah sat down next to me, relaxing into the cushions.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Yes, it's just I don't normally do things like this with people I've only spent a little time with."

"Well if it's any comfort to you, neither do I," I replied gently. "Are you worried?"

"Maybe. A little bit. I'm not worried about you, it's just my family."

"Are they not receptive to "alternative lifestyles,"" I asked motioning the quote marks with my fingers.

"I don't know really. I think my Dad would be fine, but I'm not sure about my Mum. The more I think about it, I know that I like women more than men. I've never felt like I do now with a man and with the few experiences I've had with women they have always turned me on more than a man. Not that I've done anything other than kiss and a bit of fumbling about with either a man or woman," she added hastily.

"I can understand that. It took me years to get my head around my sexuality and accepting for myself that I was gay, let alone telling my parents. They know now and are ok with it, although Mum was a bit upset that there would be no grand children." 

I smiled at her. I could feel a slight knot beginning to form in the pit of my stomach that was part dread that she would get up and walk out on me, knowing that I was beginning to fall for this wonderful, beautiful, lovable woman sat close to me on the sofa.

She looked up at me, starting to say something but stopped. I couldn't read her eyes in the semi-darkness.

"What?" I asked gently.

"It doesn't matter," she replied.

"No, tell me. I can cope I think," I smiled at her.

"It's nothing. It's just...." She broke off, looking down at her beer bottle where she had peeled the label off. "It's just...." She broke off again and put the bottle down carefully, deliberately.

My heart was thudding so fast in my chest I was sure she could hear it, and I noticed that the pulse at her neck was beating as fast as mine was. She looked up at me and with one quick movement threw herself at me, kissing me hungrily, grabbing me tightly, her hands all over my back.

"Oh Jess," she breathed, "take me to bed with you, please!"

I grabbed her hand and pulled her up off the sofa, not needing a second invitation. We made our way upstairs kissing, nibbling, licking, and leaving a trail of clothes behind us. I pushed the bedroom door open with my foot and gently pushed Hannah backwards until her legs hit the edge of the bed. I stopped there and forced myself to stand back, taking in her curvy body, pert breasts and the dark triangle between her legs. I was aching for her, had to touch her -- every part of her -- but was slightly hesitant.

She looked at me, her eyes wandering over my naked body, breathing heavily. She held her arms out and rested her hands onto my hips, gently pulling me towards her until we touched at the hips, then the breasts. 

"It is ok you know," she murmured into my ear, "I want this, I want you and I can't wait any longer."

As she said that she kissed me again, assuredly and with a passion that sent shivers down my spine. She gently turned me around so I had my back to the bed and pushed so I ended up on my back with her on top of me. Her hands were all over me, touching, tickling and pleasing me, but all the time avoiding the places I wanted her to touch the most. My body seemed to react instinctively to her touch, my hips raised up towards her, my hips grinding into hers, my lips seeking hers, gently biting and sucking. I heard a noise and realised it was me groaning into her mouth.

She moved down towards my breasts, my breath coming quickly, and she kissed and teased me around my breasts without touching my nipples.
