 "OK, let's go then", I said to my dog, Max.  

He was sat there right in front of me gazing at me with his big brown intelligent eyes, willing me to look his way, telling me it was time for his walk.

As I spoke, he bounced up and ran to the door, his tail almost wagging his backside off.  He rushed back to me and then back to the door whining in his excitement.

"Come here Max!" I said as I grabbed his collar and lead from the side.  He came to me quickly and stood still briefly, long enough for me to snap his collar together before he rushed off to the door again.

I finished tying my boots, put my phone and cigs in my pocket, grabbed my keys and opened the door.

Max bounded out waiting for the gate to be opened getting ready to rush out.

"In the car!", I said before he started up the street.  I let him onto the back seat of the car and went round to the driver's door and stepped in, to be greeted by Max's face level with mine, very pleased with himself for getting onto the passenger seat.  

"Where are we going to go then?" I asked him while trying to decide.

I started the car, and we were off.  I would normally have taken him to the beach as it was his favourite place, but it was windy and I didn't fancy getting driving sand in my face.

"Let's go to the nature park shall we?" I asked him.

He bounded into the back and then back into the front again showing his excitement at recognising the words.

It was a quick ten minute drive up the road and I parked in the usual spot, at the bottom of a slow gradient hill that was once a slag heap from the coal mine that used to occupy the ground.  It had been transformed into the nature reserve when the mining industry had been closed down, making the phrase 'Bringing coals to Newcastle' redundant as coal was actually being brought to Newcastle from abroad.

I let the dog out and he shot off, tearing around the long grass in his excitement.  He did what he needed to do before getting down to the serious business of sniffing.

As I walked slowly up the hill, enjoying the fresh air and sunshine, I remembered a similar day 12 years ago when I first moved up to the area.  It was a beautiful autumn day; fresh but not cold, with the autumn colours of red, gold and brown being lit by the sinking yellow light of the sun that made them stand out against the blue sky.

I was lonely then, having just split up with my first love.  We knew that it wouldn't work out between us as neither of us wanted a long distant relationship and we both knew that it was time for me to move on.  My heart was broken but I knew that the university degree course I was enrolled on was the right one for me, especially as I'd had to fight so hard to get it.

As I was walking, I wished I had brought my camera with me.  It was one of those things that I had let get away from me since becoming a professional.  As I spent all day, every day with a camera in my hand, I often forgot to use it for my own enjoyment.  I loved my job, and didn't want to do anything else, but it was easy to forget the passion and enthusiasm that came from just creating the pictures that I wanted, not what some client or picture editor wanted.

I turned around to see what Max was doing and shouted for him.  He looked up at me, had one last sniff where he was stood and came charging towards me.  I walked on, listening as the thuds of his paws sounding like mini horse hooves came towards me and then rushed past me.  

I smiled at him.  You would never believe that he was five, he acted more like a puppy, but he was good for me.  I loved his characteristics and his little funny traits and he kept my heart happy.

As I reached the top of the hill I stopped and looked at the spectacular views.  The hills of the Cheviots stretched away in the north and I could just about see the North Sea with the white topped waves in the east.

In the corner of my eye a movement attracted my attention. At the same time Max noticed as well.  His ears pricked up and his tail went up, just watching.  As we watched, I saw a big Dalmatian appear from behind a hedge making short work of hauling the woman on the other end of the lead behind him.  As the Dalmatian saw Max he lunged away from his poor hapless owner and rushed up to us.  

I knew Max would be OK with this dog – Dalmatians were his favourite friends, and I scrambled down the bank to where the woman lay on her front.  As I got there I could hear her grumbling to herself,

"Bloody dog, always does what he wants".

"Are you OK?" I asked as I kneeled down beside her.

"Yes, I guess so", she said as she started to pull herself up to her knees.  She examined her hands and her clothes, "Nothing broken or bleeding except my pride, although I'm not sure about these grass stains on my shirt".

"I wouldn't worry about that", I said, "just be glad you didn't land in a little land-mine that our friends leave and their owners don't pick up!"

She chucked, "True!"

She looked up at me.  I was finally able to see her face properly.  She had an almond shape face, with short dark hair styled so it flicked around her face, softening it and the most beautiful dark eyes I had ever seen.  She licked her full lips and before saying, "Where's my dog?"

"Oh, he's up there with mine", I smiled as I looked at her.

She looked around and could see that Max and her dog were getting on just fine.

"Oh, good", she said as she picked herself up off the floor.

"Hi, I'm Hannah", she introduced herself holding out her hand.

"Jess", I said, taking her hand.  

"They look like they're enjoying themselves", she said nodding towards our dogs.  They were playing now, running around and chasing each other before turning and crashing into each other, chest on chest.

"Yea, Max loves Dalmatians", I said as I watched them.

"Good, I hope it'll tire Tyson out.  He takes a lot of exercise and it's difficult with him being so big!"

"Max is like that", I smiled, "Hopefully they'll tire each other out!  Do you want to go and sit down?"  I asked, pointing to a seat at the top of the hill, where I had come from.

"Yes please, I need a bit of a breather".

We clambered up the bank and sat down on the bench.  I took out my cigarettes and offered her one.  

"Thanks", she said, taking it out of the packet with her long slim fingers and short cut, but manicured nails.

I lit my cigarette before offering her a light.  She cupped her hands round mine to prevent the flame going out in the wind, holding on a fraction too long.  As she inhaled she said, "That's better!  I've been trying to quit on and off for a few months but there's nothing like a good smoke after being knocked off my feet by a loony dog!"

I laughed and said, "True, although I've only ever been knocked off my feet by Max once so I haven't got much experience with that!"

"Oh, it happens quite frequently with me!" she laughed.

I could see she was studying me quite openly.  Much as I had taken in the rest of her as she walked up the bank; her curvy tight backside in her low cut jeans, and her well proportioned breasts hidden in her fitted and now grass-stained shirt.  

"I can see why it takes quite a bit to pull you over", she said.  "Do you work out?"

"Sometimes.  I tend to keep fit more by playing sport – tennis, cycling and walking the dog of course, and also my job is fairly active.  I tend to get bored in the gym and much prefer being outside."

I had always been an active sort of person.  Never sitting still as a kid and always finding something to do outside rather than sitting inside watching TV.  I had been fortunate that my parents had encouraged me taking up sport and I'd always had a natural ability to turn my hand to anything.  I'd put on a few pounds since leaving school, but I always looked athletic and fit, although generously curvy.

"What made you get a dog like Tyson then?" I asked.

"Well, a partner of mine had one and I love him to bits, but he was never my dog, you know?  When we split up, I missed the dog more than I did my ex!  So I got one of my own.  I never expected him to grow so big – his mother was just a small petite dog, but I never saw the father.  I guess that's where the genes come from.  I love him to bits though even if he walks me through the neighbourhood on my knees most of the time!"

"Have you tried a harness on him?" I asked.  "It's just I had a harness for Max for a while when he got a bad injury in his throat so I couldn't have a normal collar on him.  I found that he was much easier to control."

"No, might that work?" she asked with gratitude in her eyes.

"It may, however it also may be worth trying to teach him to walk to heel!" I smiled.

"Yes, I've enrolled us in dog training classes which start next week.  I guess I should have done that a year ago when he was a puppy."

"Don't worry, it's not irredeemable. He's still young and as long as you can be stronger than him, I mean in the head stronger, then he is trainable."

She smiled at me.

"Thank you.  You've been so kind to me!"

"No worries!"

Hannah looked up to the dogs that had flopped down, panting heavily.

"I'd better carry on with this walk as I've got to be home soon and get to work".

"OK", I said, "Where do you work?"

"I'm an air hostess, working with BA.  I've got a flight to London to catch tonight and I'm doing the Heathrow to Geneva route tomorrow."

She caught me looking at her dog before saying, "He stays with my parents while I'm working."

"Ah, OK" I said.  "Will I see you around here again?"

"Oh, yes probably.  I'm surprised I haven't noticed you before now, and anyway as our dogs seem to get on so well I think it is only right that we try to accommodate their friendship and meet up occasionally!"

"I'd like that" I said.

"Good!  C'mon Tyson", she called.  "See you around Jess!" she shouted to me as she bound down the hill accompanied by her equally as bouncy dog.

***************************************

It was ten days later when I saw Hannah again.

I was woken that morning suddenly by a wet nose in my face telling me it was time to get up.  I opened one eye, looked at the clock and decided on another half-hour so turned over.  Max had other ideas though.  As I turned over, he rushed around to the other side of my double bed and stuck his nose in my face there, licking me this time.

"Ugh! Max!"  

I opened my eyes properly, squinting at Max who stood there wagging his tail with such enthusiasm, almost verbally saying to me with his eyes; "Get up! It's time to get up! Come on, let's go!"

I smiled at him and put my hand on top of his head which he tolerated briefly before moving it aside and looking at me with those eyes again.

"OK then.  I'm coming", I said while crawling out of bed.  I had never been very good in the morning and all my friends said that I'd never cope with having to get up and walk the dog every morning.  I managed somehow though; usually because Max always made me feel guilty with those big brown eyes, always so full of hope.

It was my day off and for once I had nothing scheduled, which I was looking forward to.  We walked to the park round the corner with Max walking impatiently to heel until I said he could go.  As he rushed off I was reminded of the dream that he had woken me out of.

I had been thinking of Hannah a lot over the last few days, wondering if I would see her again and those thoughts had slipped into my dreams.  I became aware of a stirring inside of me as the memories of the dream came flooding back.  She had been kissing me, tentatively at first, then passionately with a hunger which almost made me cum on the spot. 

I shook myself back to reality, "Get a grip Jess", I said to myself, "She's probably not even a lesbian let alone interested".  

I turned and walked back towards my house with Max following obediently at my side.

"I guess we'll just have to wait and see won't we fella?" I said absently to Max.

******************

After a morning of tidying up my flat and doing odd jobs, it was time to walk Max again.  I'd decided to go to the nature park again as much in the hope of meeting Hannah again as for walking the dog.

We'd walked for about an hour when I saw a white and black blur of Tyson charging up towards us, shortly followed by Hannah.

"Hi!" I said, as she came towards me.

"Hi", she replied.  "It's good to see you again!"

As I looked at her, I felt a knot in my stomach which I hadn't felt for a long time.  "Those eyes", I thought to myself.  I had always been attracted to eyes, but hers were incredible.  Deep pools of dark brown that I could lose myself in.

"You made it back to terra firma then?" I smiled at her.

"Yes, a fairly average week of grateful customers and arrogant sods who think we're beneath them!"

"How's Tyson doing?" I asked as we watched Max and him charge round us in circles.

"He's great!", she said.  "It's lovely to come home and be greeted by him.  He always knows how to cheer me up after a week away working."

"Yeah, I get that every day when I get home from work!"  We both watched the dogs for a moment before I asked, "Shall we walk on?  Where's your car parked?"

"Oh, I haven't got it with me, my Dad dropped us here on his way into town and I was going to walk back.  Give Tyson a bit of lead and heel training."

"OK then.  I'm headed this way if that's the direction you're going?"

"Yes, we're on our way back now anyway."

As we walked on we fell into a comfortable conversation.  It seemed like we'd been friends for years.  I learned that she's been born and brought up in the area but always had a dream of being an air hostess.  She was an only child, from a close family who was the apple of her Dad's eye.

"You're not from this area then?" she asked me. "Where are you from?"

"Yorkshire.  A Yorkshire lass, born and bred and proud of it!"  I explained how I'd come up here for Uni.  "I didn't want to go south, so I came here, liked the place and stayed!"

"A lot of people do that", she said.

"I love being in the city with all the city life around, but it's a small enough city so if I want to get out then I can be in the middle of no-where in beautiful surroundings within half an hour, or the Lake District in an hour.  The people here are great too.  Friendly, welcoming and call a spade a spade", I said while looking at her.  "I mean, how many people would you be able to meet on a dog walk and feel like you've known them forever?"

She looked up at me and smiled.  I just melted.  

"Um, do you want to go for a drink?" I asked hesitantly, not sure of her reaction.  "I mean, there's a nice pub near where I've parked the car that allows dogs into the bar area."

She looked up at me with a coy smile playing around her lips; "Yes, that'd be nice."

"Great!"  I said, "Let's go then!"

"C'mon Max, Tyson", I called watching while the dogs came hurtling up to us.

"Heel!" I commanded Max and he dropped in beside me.  At the same time Tyson also dropped in between Hannah and me and walked along quite happily.

"Wow!" exclaimed Hannah.  "I've never seen him do that before!"

"I guess he's taking lessons from his older friend!" I said as I smiled at the two dogs.

We walked the rest of the way in a companiable silence with me reminding the dogs occasionally to stay at heel when they strayed too far forward.  As we got to the pub, we clipped on their leads and walked in.

"Hey Jess!" called the barman.

"Hi Dave!" I called back.

"The usual?"  he said as we drew up to the bar.

"Yes please", I said.

"And for your friend here?" he said with a wink.

I turned to Hannah who said, "A pint please."

"Which one?" asked Dave, gesturing to the row of real ales in front of him.

"Oh, any.  Surprise me", she said.

"OK.  Seems like you've got an interesting one here Jess", Dave said with a wink as he started to pull the pints.

I blushed and glanced at Hannah who was grinning.
"Shall we sit?" I said while paying for the drinks.  We went and found a table in the snug where there were comfy armchairs and space for the dogs to lie down.

"It's a nice place this", said Hannah as we settled.  

"Yes it is.  It's owned by a friend of mine who is also a dog lover.  She wanted the atmosphere to be warm, traditional, friendly and modern at the same time.  The clientele generally are people who like real ales and decent whisky, not the alcopop brigade.  It means that there are rarely fights, despite the area."

"I never knew this was here", said Hannah, "and I've lived not far from here all my life!  I'll definitely be coming back here again!" she said with an unmistakable glint in her eye directed towards me.

My heart leaped as she said that.  "She does like me", I thought to myself.  

That thought was confirmed a minute later when she got up and said, "I'm just nipping to the loo, where are they?"  

I pointed to the door and as she moved she leaned across to get past me, her breasts were inches from my face and she brushed my arm with them.  I jolted as if I'd been given an electric shock and the feeling went straight to my pussy, instantly turning me on.  I watched her lithe frame sway across the floor, dodging tables and chairs until she disappeared through the toilet door.

"Got a hot one there!"

I jumped and saw Dave was standing in front of me, laughing as he could see the effect that Hannah had had on me.

"Yeah, but it's early days yet.  She's gorgeous though isn't she?" I said with a grin.

"Yep!  If I was into that sort of thing, then I'd be fighting you for her!" laughed Dave who wiped the table in front of me.  

"Get outta here Dave, I don't want you cramping my style!" I laughed as I pecked his cheek and smacked his arse as he turned around and minced his way back to the bar putting on a show just for me.  I smiled at him and watched as Hannah came back and sat down.

"What are you laughing at?" she asked with amusement in her eyes.

"Oh, it's Dave.  He's just being a prat as usual!  He's a great mate of mine.  He's the sort of friend that if I feel like going out I know I can always tag along with him and his boyfriend Jonny."

I looked down at the dogs curled up together like they'd grown up with each other.  

"That looks good", I sighed as I nudged Max with my foot.  "Wish I could be asleep right now curled up with someone.  It's easy for dogs isn't it?"

I looked up at Hannah who was looking at me with an expression on her face I couldn't read.

"Yes, it's a dog's life, as long as they have the right owner", she replied in a slightly husky voice.

"Shall we move out of here?" I asked, my voice dipping slightly.

"Yes, lets go" she replied, grabbing Tyson's lead while I got hold of Max.

We walked silently back to my car which was parked a few yards up the road.  I could feel the tension between us as we walked, her hand brushing mine as it swung past.  

"Do you want a lift?" I asked as I put Max into the car.  Just before I could shut the door,  Tyson jumped into the car.

I looked at Hannah and we burst out laughing.

"It seems he doesn't want to be apart from his new best friend!" she said.

As I straightened up from laughing, I looked at her and she had moved towards me so her face was within inches of mine.  I felt a tightening in my stomach with the familiar knot of desire well up into me.  My pussy must have been wringing wet as I looked into her eyes.  She licked her lips and moved closer, the sexual tension in the air buzzing like electric cables.

I gently reached out and touched the side of her face, stroking it, feeling the light down of hair that covered her cheeks.  I could feel her breath quickening as I touched her.  With my thumb I moved it around her lips, exploring, caressing, gently teasing while my eyes never left hers.
