 *Authors' Note: Hey guys - I'm new here, so this is my first story ever. I think I rushed it a little too much, but I hope your feedback will help me get better with each story. Please forgive the possible grammar and spelling mistakes I may have missed. Enjoy!*

-----------

No one would think I would ever land a real man - they always believed I would just be that nerdy girl in the back of all her sexy friends who gets the leftovers of the crappy boys for the rest of her life, but that was until I hit senior year in my high school. That year changed me into a woman no one would ever have guessed was in me. 

It was the first day of school and everyone was walking around - running to their friends and pretending that they haven't seen each other for years when, really, they were all too drunk the entire summer to remember who was where at what time. I was sitting in my car, nervous as hell because the night before I had an epiphany: I was no longer going to be in the backlight of my popular friends. I was finally going to leave this hell hole with people still remembering me 10 years from now. At least I hoped I would.

At the moment I was staring at the long line of new and gorgeous cars trying to find a parking space in the crazed parking lot infront of the school. I tapped my fingers against my thighs anxiously as I waited to grab some self-confidence before actually going through with this. It was so out of my element that I was shaking with fear of what everyone would say. 

I took a deep breath, telling myself over and over that I need this. If people didn't like what they see, they always had the will power to look away... Or I would hope so. 

I grabbed my backpack, took one last big breath and slowly stepped out of my car, shyly glancing around. Once I realized no one was paying attention, I let relief sweep over me. As I started walking towards the school, I was silently praying I wouldn't trip over my heels that I had no idea how to walk in really. 

My friends were all huddled in one big group by the doors when they noticed me. At first they looked a little confused until they realized it was me. Andrea screamed with delight and dropped her purse, running over and hugging me. I gladly hugged back, trying to hide in the warmth, away from the stares her scream caused. All in all I was happy to see them though. When Andrea pulled away, she gave me one long look from my head to my toes. 

"Good God, Willow. When were you going to tell me that you decided to become the next sex goddess of Showa High?" Andrea asked, her hands on her hips and a little smirk popping up at my blush.

"Shut up. I just wanted to try something new." I replied softly, looking at the ground.

By now all my friends were around me, hugging me and whistling at my new look, asking what got me to do it after years of them trying to convince me to do just this. Sally, Luna, and Maria all slapped my ass jokingly and talked like men rather successfully. I kept everything simple and short, still trying to adapt to this new world.

"If it's any help - I'd totally bang you." Andrea said rather loudly as a group of boys passed by, causing me to hit her and hide my face in her hair.

"What? Baby, you've got it all and then some. Seriously, I'm proud you did this." 

"Then why do I feel so weird?" I asked, still hiding.

"Why wouldn't you feel weird? This is so new for you! It's gonna take us some time to get use to it too." Maria commented, rubbing my back.

"Does my Willow Baby need a bottle and a blankey?" Sally joked.

I laughed at her sucking her thumb and rolling her eyes. I pinched her and we all started heading into the school with Sally actually holding my hand. When I noticed some guys checking us out - and I mean US not just my friends - I smiled and turned my attention back to Luna's latest story. It probably would help if I told you all how I looked compared to before, huh? Well, before I had dull, flat brown hair. Acne everywhere. Horrible sense of clothing and glasses so round and big people could have mistaken me for an anime character.

Over the summer I took better care of myself; I worked out everyday, ate healthy. I washed my face every night. I learned tricks for my hair and how to take better care of the roots. I spent 2 weeks with my Aunt Shassa who owned her own fashion clothing store and guided me to a sexy new look. And bam! I finally got to put it all to good use. I never thought I would use it all for school.

On this first day I had tried a mini skirt with a tank top and heels until I realized I wanted to give off the vibe that I'm beautiful, not trashy. So I changed into a yellow summer dress with white heels and since I rarely had ever wore my hair in curls, I did just that too. So I felt pretty beautiful and as I catched people checking me out, it made everything that much better.

'Today is going to be a good one.' I thought to myself and it was. Until I got home.

"So, what caused you to dress up like you're going to church?" my mother asked, loading up on Everclear again. I sighed as I took off my shoes and went to the kitchen to grab a bowl of grapes and sat down at the table, reading the romance book I always dwelled in.

"I wanted to try a new look." I replied, popping a grape into my mouth.

"Oh, so did anyone make fun of you?"

"No. People thought I was actually pretty."

"Oh, so no one made a comment on how you look like a 12-year-old selling cookies?" She laughed at her own joke.

"No, mother, I can't recall anyone commenting on that."

"What's with you today? Acting all prissy." Awesome. She was getting mad.

"I'm sorry."

"You should be." and that was that. I went back to reading and she went back to being a drunk.

Then my hideous step-father got home from work an hour later. I was in my room, writing in my journal - trying to finish the story I had started a month ago and Mom was in the living room, passed out. I heard his loud footsteps walk into the kitchen, pause and then lead into where she was. 

"Willow, get your ass in here and help me out with this thing." He yelled out to me.

I took a breath and set down my pencil, walking out to where he had Mom's arm around his shoulder and motioned me to grab her other side. When I raised her arm, I saw the tip of a bruise peeking from behind her white shirt. I said nothing as we lead her to the bedroom and as I tried to be gentle, he just threw her down, causing her limp hand to hit the back of my headd.

"Damnit, Jorge!" I whined, rubbing my head.

"Oh shut up. It didn't hurt you." He glared at me as I left the room and went to the couch, grabbing the empty bottle. He was standing by the doorframe, arms folded and eyeing me up and down. I felt violated.

"So, what's with the outfit?" He asked lowly as I threw away the bottle and turned to leave.

When I passed him with no reply to give, he grabbed my wrist and pulled me back to him. I winced, but kept silent as I let him pull me. 

"I asked a question."

"And I gave no answer. Obviously."

"You really wanna get smart with me, little girl?"

His face was an inch from mine, snarling as I tried to look away. He always knew how to get me scared even if I did hide it very well - he always knew anyway and took great pride in it. 

His hand gripped a little more and I whimpered softly.

"No. I'm sorry." I said, hating myself for giving in to the prick.

"That's a good girl." His smirk made me want to vomit.

He let go, slapping my ass hard as I stumbled away from him, hurrying upstairs to my room and thanking the lord I had a lock on my door. I laid in my bed, thinking about Monday and how I was going to ever show the school what kind of woman I am when I live with a drunken mother who finds a problem with everything and a step-dad who gives Mom those bruises behind closed doors and treats me like a ragdoll.

I was so glad we got the weekend. 

=====The Next Day=====

Andrea wanted to come over for the night and take me out to a party some chick was having. After a long time fighting with her about going, she gave up, but still held true to the sleepover. It was in the afternoon when she came over and hurried to my room, closing the door and boucning up and down like a dog on crack.

"Oh my god, oh my god - Willow!" She screamed, jumping around my room. I threw a pillow at her and she fell on my bed laughing.

"Hi, I'm lookong for this little blondie that goes by the name Andrea, but she seems to be having a nutcase moment. Would YOU like to keep me company?" I joked, pinching her tounge when she stuck it out at me.

"Hush up, skankwad. I got some news for you!" She said, smiling from ear to ear and bouncing on my bed with her knees.

"And that would be?" 

"I got tickets to The Sounds!"

"No way! Get out!" I yelled, surprised and smiling.

"Yes way!" We jumped around, excited and acting like weirdos until Jorge pounded on the door, telling us to keep it down or he would put his foot somewhere that made Andrea flip off the door. 

"Anyways, the concert is next month on a saturday." 

"Good," I said. "I need to get out of here for a bit that month anyway." We both smirked.

Later that night, Mom had passed out early at 8:00 and Jorge went to work, leaving us the entire house. We eneded up just watching The Breakfast Club and laying on my bed, eating popcorn and candy.

"Wow, we're the life of the party." Andrea mumbled with a mouth full of popcorn.

"We're so wild, I'd throw us in jail for THTH." Andrea gave me a look of confusion.

"Too hot to handle." That made her giggle and wink at me.

After awhile, the movie got boring and we started talking about anything like we always do. From boys to new songs, from outfits to clubs, from sex to food. I was half-way off my bed when Andrea started going through my closet.

"So, what caused you to try this new lifestyle of a sexbomb?" She asked.

"I'm not a sexbomb, I just wanted to spice up my life."

"You got that right." She said with a huge grin on her face as she pulled out a tight leather dress I bought for parties that I would never go to. She held it to her and looked in my long mirror, pouting her lips and winking at herself. I smiled as I watched her and a thought ran through my mind; 'Wow... She's her legs are so sexy.' I quickly looked away and stared at my wall, confused by that thought.

'What the hell?' I thought.

"Hellooooo? Willow, are you going to look like a dumbass all night or are you gonna do it?"

I blinked a couple times before looking at her.

"What? Do what?"

"Try on your new clothes for me? I want to see all of what you're new world has created for you!"

I laughed and shook my head, getting up and grabbing the dress.

"Alright, werido." 

As I pulled off my tank top, I saw her eyeing my boobs in my new pink with black lace bra and I blushed, turning around and pulling on the dress and sliding off my shorts. Again, catching her staring at my ass with the matching thong. She didn't notice me looking at her, so I turned around and pulled it down the rest of the way and smiled - acting like I didn't realize that my best friend was checking me out hardcore.

She clapped her hands, making cat calls and giving me a thumbs up and I circled, dancing a little to show off the sexy outfit. A low collar dip, showing off my clevage and so short I wouldn't even be able to bend down with showing the world my where-abouts.

She ordered me to the next outfit and that's how it was for awhile. Me trying on the new, sexy outfits to her demand and me constantly noticing her checking out my body with a glint in her eye. I even caught her licking her lips and I watched her eyes roam my curves slowly.

Once I had gone through my entire closet, I pouted and said we were all out now. That's when Andrea stood up and skipped to my drawers, pulling out my many bras with matching thongs and some lingere I bought for the hell of it.

"Horndog much?" I teased, poking her.

"Oh yeah, you know how I am." 

She wiggled her butt and patted mine, sitting back down on my bed as I nervously walked over to the open drawer. I smiled at her, turning around and taking a breath, trying to unsnap my bra when I felt soft, smooth hands unsnap it for me and I could have sworn she lingered a little longer than normal, but soon she went back to her seat. 

I pulled on my favorite blood red laced push-up bra with matching bootie shorts and flipped around, posing for her and biting my lip as a joke. She laughed at my random pose, but clapped and motioned me to turn slowly with her finger. I did and I heard her softly sigh.

"We'll take a break for now. Can you braid my hair? Like old times?" She asked.

"Well, that was random, but okay." I replied, smiling as I came to sit behind her.

"I can only handle so much sexy until I need a breather." I would have sworn she was being serious if it wasn't for her grin that stared back at me.

I shook my head, giggling. I leaned back against my wall and pulled her back to me so I could reach her perfect, long blonde hair that fell so nicely around her C cups. As she was moving back for me, I felt her skin slide across my inner thighs as I held my breath. She must have heard it because she asked if I was okay when I just nodded my head and smirked.

While I braided her hair, she flipped through the channels of my T.V., trying to find a decent movie for us when she came across one with two girls hanging out and cracking jokes. We both thought it seemed like a good enough chick flick until there came a part where the girls were in a changing room at a store when they randomly started sucking face.

I stopped braiding, staring at the T.V. with shock and blushing hardcore when all Andrea did was laugh and kept watching with humor. That was alway her; Comfortable with talking about sex and being open about watching porn while I, on the other hand, kept everything to myself. I focused back on her hair and tried to ignore the moans coming from the T.V. when Andrea pulled her hair back from my hands and just leaned against me.

We've always did that, so it wouldn't have bothered me at any other time if it wasn't for the fact that the two girls in the movie had moved onto fingering one another. I cleared my throat and reached for the remote when Andrea grabbed my arm.

"C'mon, Willow, loosen up. So it's two girls having sex? You're a big girl, ain't cha?" She craned her neck so she looked up at me and raised an eyebrow when I just nodded my head.

"Ok, fine." I wanted to prove to her that it didn't bother me.

As the scene went on, the girls got heavier and more loud with pleasure. I was starting to wet and prayed Andrea wouldn't feel it considering her tank had rised up a little so her lower back was naked aginst my thin panties. I got lost in the movie, so I didn't hear Andrea's question. I shook my head out of the daze and looked at her.

"Come again, woman?"

"Can I rub my pussy?"

I stared at her with shock and was unable to speak. She grinned and watched me as I tried to regain my cool, which was so not working.

"W-why?" I stuttered nervously, not really sure how this was all happening.

"Well, when a girl gets really hot, they get wet and need to get off. Now unless you want to do it for me, I would like to rub my pussy. We're adults here, aren't we? I'm sure you can handle it." 

"Yea. Sure. Whatever." I couldn't think of anything because I couldn't believe what I was seeing. 

My best friend's hand was slowly going between her open legs as she turned her head back to the screen where now one girl was getting eaten out. I couldn't even watch the T.V. as I stared at her hand rubbing her clit with a slow motion and as the scene got hotter, she went faster. I started getting more and more wet to the point where I'm sure I was making a mess on my bedsheets.

She slowed down again and arched her back a little as she slid a finger in. Eyes closed, she laid back down again and started to gently buck her hips against her hand which started speeding up. I had to hold my breath because everytime her hips came back down from bucking, it would hit my clit and as much as I wanted to moan - I didn't want her to stop her sexy show for me.

Then all of a sudden she got so hot so fast and before I knew what was happening, she had me pinned down on the bed, her body between my legs and her eyes were filled with wild lust. I couldn't breath right because it all happened so quickly.

"God, Willow. I want to make you scream my name." Andrea growled, leaning down to bite my neck softly, causing me to moan. I gasped when she slammed her hips hard against my clit.

"A-Andrea." I moaned softly. I didn't care that she was my best friend or that I was grinding with another girl. I didn't care how this would effect us later on because at the moment, I only wanted to feel her body against mine. Sweaty, loud, rough. I wanted it so badly. She must have had the same thought because the second I moaned for her, she lunged at me and started roaming my mouth her tounge and sliding her hand down to my panties where she slowly slid her way down to my wet pussy.

We tounge-wrestled for awhile until she won and pushed two fingers into me slowly. I arched my back and groaned with pleasure and she started sucking on my tounge. Her hand went fast and so did my hips bucking against it. She pulled back and removed her clothing as she did with mine. Then she started to kiss down my neck, past my breasts - which she lingered for a moment - all the way down to my pussy where she gave one long lick. I bit my lip, my legs shaking slightly.

"Mmm, baby. You're so sweet." She mumbled against my thigh as she used her thumb to gently rub my clit, my hips rotating very slowly as I stared down at her with half-closed eyes. God, I was in heaven. She stared back up with the same expression and she kept hold of my eyes as she slid a finger into me. I growled lowly, she kept up the slow pace as she added a second finger and as I started to get hotter, she pulled back. Sitting up and grinning.

"I want to try something." She stated as she ordered me to stay still as she raised my left leg and straddled inbetween my legs so our pussies were touching. I didn't know this move, so I raised an eyebrow. I was panting so hard and fast. I didn't really understand that she stopped finger-fucking me.

"I saw this on a porno. First we straddled like this, then I move my hips and rub our pussies together. Kinda like this," and with that she started rotating her hips against mine and I didn't even know how much pleasure that could bring! I gasped loudly, arching my back and moving my hips in the same rythme as hers. Pretty soon we were a mess of legs, arms and boobs. She started grinding faster and I sped up with her. 

She moaned for me as I moaned for her. Her hand came down to hold mine and our wet clits met and rubbed with hot friction. I looked up at the beauty that was on top of me and groaned louder than the rest.

"Oh, fuck, Willow. I'm gonna cum!" She yelled, rotating her hips faster and that's when we both moaned and called out to each other at almost the same time when we came, hard and loudly. After we came back down, she fell on top of me and we cuddled. Sweaty, breathing hard and trying to calm down.

"Wow, if I knew that just changing how I looked got you to do this with me - I would've done it long ago." I joked, rubbing her side.

"Sweetie, I loved you even before the make-over. Your confidence seemed to help move things along."

I looked at her with pride, kissing her gently and holding her tight as I felt her finger run up my spine.

"I love you, Andy."

"I love you too, Willow Tree."