 The fictional vignettes below were inspired from real life personal ads published in San Francisco Weekly in a section called Wild Side, Women Seeking Women. Except for slight modifications required to facilitate the storylines, the ads presented are as they appear in SFWeekly. If an original ad was placed by any reader of this service, I hope you won't be offended by where my imagination has taken your words.

* * * * *

Be My First WF, 23, 38-24-36, Attractive, bi-curious, petite, seeks attractive bi- sexual woman, 18-35, I need you now, I've waited so long. Wild#8114 07/22

Kelly sat patiently in the canvas chair as the stylist worked on her hair. She gazed absentmindedly at her reflection in the mirror. The photographer told Carol what he was looking for and Kelly did what she did best. She sat still and waited while another professional prepared her for the shoot. She understood instinctively what the client was looking for in this layout. She'd been told many times how beautiful her face was, how sensual her lips were, how luscious her breasts were. 

They wanted a young, wildly sensual look for the layout, which played on the sexual charge between her and the young stud who shared the set. There was no doubt the young man had his charms, but then no one on the set knew Kelly was looking for something entirely different from what this young man appeared to offer. Besides, she already knew he was gay. Rob didn't announce his preference, but those close to the shoot knew he and the photographer were making it. Gary got a hardon every time Rob was present. It surely wasn't Kelly, since Gary didn't give her much beyond the time of day.

She recalled stopping by Gary's trailer the previous day to ask him a question about the schedule. The door was open or she wouldn't have just walked right in. The office was vacant but she could hear something from the back of the trailer and walked to a second open door. Just as she was about to push it open she heard a groan. Instinctively she leaned forward to peer past the edge of the door. There was Rob, bareass naked, his wonderfully aroused cock disappearing and reappearing from Gary's worshipful mouth. She watched in awe as the kneeling man swallowed the long, thick organ at the bottom of each powerful stroke. Despite her proficiency and considerable practice she'd never come close to taking that much cock in her mouth. She knew she had no business watching these male lovers, but she wasn't quite able to tear her eyes away. Then Rob was cumming, his hands clutching the back of Gary's head, groans rising from his throat. Gary held the organ in his throat, lips pressing into the lush pubic hair, fingers clutching Rob's perfect ass. Then finally his mouth withdrew, strings of cum visibly stretching from his lips to the glistening organ still clutched in his fist. Kelly quietly departed.

The stylist finished and Kelly knew it was time. She adjusted the leather bikini top over her voluptuous breasts before pushing herself out of the chair. Time to get to work.

Kelly's introduction to the joys of loving another woman had happened during a shoot for the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue the year before. It was quite an experience working with such an collection of sexy young women willing to bare their bodies in this fabled publication. Kelly's agent had had a hard time containing himself when he got the call from the magazine telling him that she'd been selected for the shoot. A number of the models were familiar to her. They were real icons in the profession. She watched the staff cater to the established stars, leaving younger models to fend for themselves. Kelly didn't mind. She quickly made friends with Jill, a lovely brunette with a body to die for. Of course, all the models on this shoot would satisfy that criteria. But Jill was different, in ways that Kelly discovered only with time.

They were alone in the trailer after the first day's shoot. Jill stepped from behind the screen wearing her sexy undergarments. Despite having seen the lovely young model walking around all day dressed in the most revealing swimsuit, Kelly couldn't help but appreciate how luscious she looked in a skimpy brassiere and matching thong style panties. Perhaps it was spending the day in the sun, or maybe the glass of wine she was sipping, but gazing over at this sensual looking creature was making her feel light headed. She noticed Jill's eyes peering in her direction. They'd been introduced the day before but this was the first time they'd been alone together. Jill walked toward where she sat and settled next to her on the love seat.

"Can I have a sip?" Kelly was aware of the warm thigh against her own as she offered the glass to Jill who raised it to her full lips. Their eyes held one another as she sipped. She returned the glass, a sultry smile crossing her mouth as her eyes lowered to the open front of Kelly's robe. She'd showered and was naked beneath the terry cloth robe. Jill's gaze was unsettling to her. It felt very much like the leering looks she often received from men in the business. Her own eyes lowered to Jill's breasts, noticing the other woman's aroused nipples were visible through the nylon cups that held the heavy mounds snugly. Then their eyes met again.

"That was good. I think I'll pour myself a glass." Jill pushed herself up from the love seat and walked toward the small refrigerator. Kelly's eyes followed her, taking in the perfection of her body. Her bottom was naked, the tight round cheeks shifting with each step. Jill leaned down as she peered into the refrigerator, offering the most provocative view of the wedge of silk between her thighs that covered her genitals. Kelly was surprised to feel herself becoming aroused! Looking at a woman's body had never caused this reaction before. Then Jill was returning, with both a filled glass and a half full bottle. Her breasts shifted within the skimpy brassiere as she moved closer.

"Thought you might like a refill." She leaned over to pour the wine, her breasts practically tumbling out of the lace trimmed cups. Then she sat down again, her warm thigh pressing against Kelly's leg.

"Here's to good times." Jill clinked her glass against Kelly's before taking a long sip.

They talked some about the business, about their past assignments. Kelly felt Jill's eyes move on her body, especially after she'd reached for the wine bottle on the table in front of the love seat. As she settled back against the cushion she was aware the front of her robe had fallen open. Following Jill's gaze she glanced down and saw her bare breasts practically on display with little more than her nipples still covered by the robe. Instinctively she reached up with her free hand with the intention of pulling the garment closed but suddenly Jill's fingers were grasping her own.

"Don't." Kelly turned to look at Jill, whose eyes lifted from her breasts to meet her own. Their gaze held for what seemed like a long while but was probably only a few seconds. Kelly's heart was beating quickly in her chest. Jill's fingers released hers. Suddenly those very same fingers were touching her breast. Looking down she watched in disbelief as Jill's long, slender fingers spread to cup one breast, the tips sliding under the robe, pushing it off the fullness of the mound. Her nipple was alive in the palm of this woman's hand as the fingers gently squeezed her breast. The caress felt so good Kelly simply enjoyed it. Her compliance seemed to encourage her seducer, who began teasing her nipple between thumb and forefinger. Kelly groaned, unable to contain her response.

The next thing she knew Jill was kissing her breast, lips and tongue playing over the distended nipple. Her robe was completely open now and Jill's fingers were moving down her waist and over her thighs. Instinctively her legs parted and the fingers slid between her thighs until they found her moist genitals. She was shocked to feel herself responding with such enthusiasm to this woman's loving. Her fingers were in Jill's hair, pulling the sucking mouth closer to her saliva smeared breast. Her hips were shifting on the sofa as fingers teased across the sensitive folds of flesh surrounding her aroused clitoris. Then the fingers were on that hard little nub, expertly playing across it in a rhythm that drove her wild!

When Jill began kissing her, there was nothing in Kelly that could have resisted. Her thighs were spread wide to accommodate the fingers touching her there and her whole body seemed to be on fire. Lips touching her own were wonderfully soft and sensitive as they drew her into the kiss. Soon she abandoned all hesitation, kissing the other woman passionately. Her orgasm arrived a moment later, exploding from her loins to shake her entire being.

Her second orgasm came less than five minutes later as Jill's mouth fixed itself to her clitoris and gently sucked the stout little organ between pursed lips. That talented tongue that only moments before had been slithering into Kelly's hungry mouth was slithering now into her moist pussy. She was barely able to stifle her scream

That brief episode in the trailer was the beginning of a delicious introduction to Sappho for Kelly. Before the shoot was over they'd spent many hours in bed at one or the other's hotel room, naked as they explored the perfection of one another's bodies with their lips, tongues and fingers. Kelly was a quick study and Jill a wanton lover who was willing to try everything. Sadly, as happens in this business, they found themselves in different parts of the country within a week of finishing their shoot with only the intention to see one another again in the future. Alas it hadn't happened over the last year and Kelly was hot for some new action.

Golden Brown diamond cut, dancer, almond eyes. Sensuous, sleek, very clean, seeks single, bi or bi-curious girl friend, 25-35, for massage trades and Yum Yum fun!

Wild#2159 07/29

Celia stretched the tight muscle, her strong fingers threading through the knots. This was hard work but she loved it, especially when a pretty femme called for a massage. She'd made more sexual conquests with women coming for massages than she could count. Of course, guys like Rob weren't too bad either. Her eyes moved down his muscular athlete's body, covered only by the small towel strategically placed over his manhood. As often happened he was getting aroused by the sensuous touch of her fingers across his nipples as she massaged his prominent pectoral muscles. Her eyes were fixed on his growing organ lifting the towel so noticeably. She could feel herself getting turned on and wondered whether she should offer him a special massage of that most prominent muscle. She leaned down and whispered in his ear.

Her mouth rose and fell over Rob's cock, lips and tongue expertly servicing the thick organ. His groans told her she was doing exactly what he needed. Her fingertips lightly caressed his balls, then slithered down to tease between his thighs. This little act of service would net her an extra hundred if his tips in the past were any measure. And what a delicious task to perform to make money. She would certainly have done it simply for the pleasure, but she wasn't about to tell him that. Suddenly his organ surged in her mouth and she sucked harder, the pressure bringing him over the edge. Hot juices exploded against the roof of her mouth as instinctively she started to swallow.

Her name was Paula and this was her first visit for a massage. Celia was delighted when the young woman walked through the door, a picture of loveliness in her summer dress that showed off her delicious figure. It took all of Celia's will power to keep her eyes off those pert young breasts which appeared to be unencumbered by a brassiere. After their brief introduction Celia stepped to one side of the table and waited as Paula moved behind the screen to take off her clothes. She appeared a moment later with a large white towel wrapped around her body and slid onto the table.

Celia rubbed her hands together to warm them, her eyes following Paula's slender fingers untying the knot that held the towel in place. As she rolled onto her stomach those lovely breasts came into view for an instant before Paula lay flat on the table. Celia's fingers instantly spread over rather tense shoulders and the fun began. As her hands moved lower the towel was carried with them, slowly revealing Paula's back, then her slender waist and finally the prominent round cheeks of the girl's perfect bottom. Walking around to the opposite end of the table Celia started again from the feet, then slowly moved up along each leg until her fingertips were between those slender thighs. Paula's legs fell apart and as expected Celia was treated to a perfect view of this sweet young thing's pussy. Had they met before Celia would certainly not have hesitated about caressing those lovely folds of feminine flesh. But she restrained herself until it became clearer what this young woman was hoping for.

"You can roll over now." Celia stepped to the side of the table, her hungry eyes watched Paula roll on her side and then fall over onto her back. Those lovely breasts were larger than she'd thought at first, the full mounds holding their shape as Paula stretched out on her back. Celia stepped to the top of the table again and began massaging the young woman's shoulders and upper chest. The position allowed her to feast her eyes on Paula's breasts as well as the blonde curls where those slender thighs came together. It appeared Paula had trimmed her pubic hair at the sides, perhaps for a skimpy bikini. Her body was perfect for a bikini.

Celia's fingers trailed down toward those sumptuous breasts. Leaning over she whispered in Paula's ear and was delighted to hear the response.

"Mm, mm." Her fingers spread over each breast in a move that was much more a caress than a massage. Nipples were hard between her fingertips. Celia could hardly wait to taste them. After a long, slow caress her fingers released the lovely mounds and Celia stepped around the end of the table. She glanced down at the girl's pretty face and saw Paula's eyes gazing up at her, a slight smile on her full lips. Celia returned the smile at the same time as her hands once again found Paula's firm breasts.

Paula had been told about Celia from a friend who'd received the full treatment some months before. Contrary to appearances, she was not quite without experience in making love with other women. From her friend's description of her visit to Celia's office, Paula knew she wanted to experience it for herself. She wasnt' disappointed.

The two young women lay naked next to one another on the table, their lush breasts pressed together as they deeply kissed. Fingers played between open thighs and there was little doubt another orgasm was waiting for each of them.

Tired of Testosterone Me too! Men are fun but I need a change! Let's explore a few fantasies, if you are bold, busty, built, brilliant and beautiful, call. So am I!

Wild#8671 07/22

Sally lay back on the bed, her eyes following Mark's fingers pulling the zipper of his faded jeans over the prominent bulge which had been growing since she began leisurely disrobing. At the moment she was wearing only her sexiest bikini panties and brassiere. He reached up to undo the metal button, then slowly stripped the garment down his tanned thighs, kicking it off when it reached the bottom of his well muscled calves. His jockey shorts showed clearly the dimensions of his arousal. Sally felt her juices flowing and reached out her tongue to moisten her lips. Mark stripped off his tee shirt. He stepped closer to the bed, his thumbs sliding beneath the elastic waistband before slowly rolling the garment down. His pubic hair was thick, the dark brown curls glistening in the light from the bedside lamp. Then his cock came into view, the thick organ popping out of its confinement until it stood pointing toward her. He kicked off his shorts and kneeled on the bed. They' d done this before and each time seemed to turn her on more. He slid closer until the bulging, purple crown touched her lips. She willingly slid out her tongue, caressing the silky soft underside of the organ. Mark sighed, his fingers gently touching her hair.

He loved it when she sucked him, almost as much as she loved taking his beautiful male organ into her mouth. Her tongue danced along the rigid member as her mouth sucked. Such power to suck a man's cock, to let him cum in her mouth. She'd learned to continue pleasuring her lover after he'd cum, to ride with him through the undulating waves that followed the first ejaculation. A real orgasm lasted many minutes, minutes of intense pleasure. Only when his body relaxed fully did she swallow that precious fluid, that nutty, salty cum. She understood how much a man wanted her to swallow his cum rather than to spit it out. She wouldn't dream of wasting a drop.

Mark groaned, his cock twitching out its final drops of cum. He'd collapsed on the bed next to Sally, his hands reaching out to draw her into his embrace. He needed to rest a while before he savored the pleasures of this incredible woman's beautiful body.

Mark was the latest in a long line of lovers Sally had taken. The first had been when she was fifteen years old. Now she was twenty-five. She had no difficulty attracting men's interest. If anything she had the opposite problem. Like yesterday during her lunch break in the city where she worked. She was wearing a light cotton spaghetti strap dress with a full skirt on the surprisingly warm, sunny day. She could feel the eyes following her as she passed by, eyes caressing her full breasts filling the tight bodice of her dress, the curving tops and hint of cleavage as visible as her shoulders and arms. She also knew as she walked toward the mid-day sun on the crowded sidewalk that her thighs and loins could be seen through the thin cotton skirt that swung around her legs with each shift of her hips. She could hear the footsteps of the men behind her jockeying for position to get the best view. She smiled to herself, chuckling at how predictable men could be in their hunger for a woman's body. She swung her hips, her heels a staccato on the concrete, her breasts jiggling within her formfitting dress.

That's it, she mused, a woman's body. It was what she longed for as well. Ever since that party in Sausalito on the houseboat and that sexy sweetheart who made a pass at her. Lovely Brittany. Who'd of thought she worked in the porn business?

Sally was in the small kitchen looking for ice for her drink. No way could she drink this hard stuff without mix and ice. Suddenly she wasn't alone and whomever was behind her had placed their hands on Sally's waist. She was accustomed to men taking liberties with her and was prepared to give the guy the brush off when she felt breasts touching her shoulder blades. Her mind was suddenly spinning. For a moment she thought it might be the hostess, a woman she knew casually. But Becky's rather small breasts would definitely not make this impression. Then lips were on her neck, bringing a whole new dimension to the experience. This was definitely a pass!

The fingers on her waist were suddenly on her breasts! Sally shifted awkwardly as she tried to rid herself of the glass and tray of ice cubes in her hands. But the fingers had found her aroused nipples through her silk blouse and the touch was creating the most surprising sensations between her thighs. Her hands lifted to the back of the fingers with the intention of pulling them off her breasts. But her own fingers didn't seem to work and instead of stopping the caress she found herself participating in it, hands pressing the fingers closer. Sally was shocked with herself, shocked but incredibly turned on. It was the beginning of a remarkable night.
