 *rant begin*

Welcome to Waltz of Blades. This is my second erotica story and like my other is totally original. Unlike Ruby Feathers which is a fun little incest romp, this story will focus heavily on character development and story line. Also unlike RF this story was something I wanted to do as to where RF was originally a gift for a friend before it took on a life of it's own.

When writing this I didn't want to just jump right into the sex with the two main heroines. I wanted a relationship to form. I wanted the reader to establish a bond before they got to that point. I felt this way it would be even more enjoyable for the reader when that moment did come. 

Well I guess that's enough ranting from me. I do hope you enjoy this story of mine. I must admit I have enjoyed writing it so far and hope to continue working on it in the future.

As always Reviews are loved, even critical ones.. >:3

Anyhoo I hope you enjoy. >:3

*rant end*

*

The wind howled madly as the sweltering summer sun bore down its heat upon two women standing on a roof top high above the city. A large portion of the side of the roof smashed away leaving a gaping hole that lead to a fifteen story drop to the hot pavement of the city street.

"I never thought I would see you again Angela, and I certainly never thought you would entertain me this well ..." The blonde haired woman spoke to the other across the roof top, a large sword swung over her shoulder several feet longer than herself and as wide as the wielder. 

Her clothing was cut in several places, from precision jabs and slashes, her collar lightly stained with blood and the front of her shirt slashed open to reveal the top of her curved breasts with a thin wound raked across the top of them. 

Blood trickling between her full mounds, staining what was left of her blouse blood red as she swung the hulking behemoth of a sword around to point at the red headed woman across the roof, the tip of the sword digging into the concrete of the roof before lifting off the ground and pointing at its target. 

"However this entertainment can only last for so long ... we both know you can't keep up with me. You couldn't then and you won't now..." She said it with a malicious smirk while holding the huge sword with one hand.

The woman known as Angela defiantly held her two rapiers. The wind howled as her long red hair whipped about in the gale. A large cut swathed through her dress, a long red line trailing from her knee upwards to her hip where the slash had cut through both her dress and the side of her panties. There were slight lines of blood running down the wound onto her lower leg as she stood there.

Slowly she brought one of the razor sharp blades upwards, pointing it back at the woman standing on the opposite side of the roof. Her own eyes filled with a resolved glare as the other sword lay at her side grasped in her left hand. The heel of her foot lifted slightly from the ground as she sprang forward on her toes, within a blink of an eye she was on top of the blonde woman, both swords jabbing in a flurry of stabs moving faster than seemed possible.

With equal speed and agility the other woman deflected and dodged each blindingly fast attack, wielding the massive sword as quickly and agile as if it were a small dagger. "Too slow!! You're too fucking slow!!" She yelled it out as she stepped back momentarily and seeing her opening she swung the gigantic sword in a wide arc. With only enough time to deflect, the green eyed woman held her swords in front of her, crossing them as the huge slab of steel connected with her parry. The weight of the sword and the strength of the wielder all but evident as the blow sent her flying backwards like a bird in a hurricane.

Tumbling backwards from the attack Angela planted a hand onto the roof, propelling herself upwards with a push of her hand, her body sprang into the air then landed gracefully on the rooftop, her heels mere inches from the large gaping hole leading straight down to the hot pavement of the street. She looked up at the woman before her, the monster of a sword returned to its position from before, the wielder had a sadistic look on her face as she glared at the redhead.

Both women stood there in silence for several moments as the heat from the midday sun bore down on them, they stood several paces apart as each pointed their weapons at one another. Finally the woman with the large sword made her move, charging forward to close the gap. Her eyes filled with hate and rage as she dragged her sword behind her against the roof, the weight of it digging into the concrete as sparks flew off its blade. She swung the sword forward with lightening speed while screaming. "I will send you to hell Angela!!"

A loud tweet from a whistle rang through the air as the coach removed a whistle from her lips. "Alright Angela you're up!"

"Yes Ma'am!" The young red headed girl jumped off the ground, grasping the bar above her as she began to swing on it. Building momentum she propelled herself to the next bar that was a bit higher. Flipping fully around the bar and releasing, twirling in the air before grasping it again and swinging back to the lower bar.

The gymnastics coach watched her student's performance along with the rest of the group. After several seconds she blew the whistle and Angela gave a final swing, propelling herself forward as she released the bar and landed on her feet on the mat in front of the coach. "Your timing is still a bit off but you are improving well, work on your landing a little too. That's enough for today though." The coach ordered the next girl up as Angela sighed gently and wiped her brow before walking away from the rest of the group towards the locker room.

Angela is a young woman in her sophomore year of college. Having finished high school she was granted a scholarship at her current university for her excellent gymnastics skills. Her grades however are average at best. Her coach wants her to train hard and try out for the Olympics in three years but Angela never seems very worried about it and just goes at her own pace day by day.

"The coach always bitches about something ... ugh ... but I guess it's her job to ... at least she somewhat complimented me today." The young red head grumbled under her breath as she walked into the locker room. 

Opening her locker she pulled out a towel and set it on the bench in front of her. Grasping the shoulders of her leotard she pulled it down her slender arms before grasping her sports bra and stripping it off as her plump breasts jiggle lightly from the force of being freed from their confinement. After taking the leotard all the way off she bends over to pick it up, tossed it into her locker before hanging her towel on a hook next to the shower before stepping into it.

Turning the water on Angela sighed happily as the stream of water beat down on her hot sweaty skin. It was slightly cool as she wet her hair and ran her fingertips through her short locks. The water rushed down her milky white flesh as she ran her fingertips over her soft breasts, the water making her nipples taut and hard under its cascade.

"Mmmm ... this feels so nice ..." She sighed again as she washed the sweat from her body. Her fingertips sliding between her legs as she lightly grazed her labia. Blushing as she strokes at her lips, letting the water wash directly against it, breathing deeply as she softly brushed her finger against her clitoris.

"Having fun?"A voice called out right as Angela was tugging slightly at her clit. She jumped and let out a yelp from accidentally pinching a bit out of shock. She spun around with a grunt and deep red cheeks to see a young blonde woman standing before her.

Angela looked the girl over as the stranger grinned broadly while standing there naked. Her long blonde hair was just brushing the cheeks of her ass. Her breasts were quite full, almost twice the size of Angela's. Her eyes moved down to admire the curve of her hips then gazed back up into the strangers face, making her blush even brighter as she gazed into the other girl's bright blue eyes.

The young woman looked back into Angela's emerald eyes, crossing her arms over her full breasts as she playfully looked away with a teasing tone in her voice. "Such a look ... should I be insulted or flattered?"

Snapping back to reality, Angela shook her head several times and spoke rather hurriedly as to not upset the girl "N-no.. it's not that. I was just startled ... err that is to say ... I normally finish about 15 minutes before the other girls. I was not expecting company in the shower... uh ... I don't know you, do I? My name is Angela"

The young woman grinned at Angela, sticking her tongue out at her while moving a hand to her hip. "Oh that's ok ... and I just transferred to this school a few weeks ago .. so, no you don't know me." She giggled softly and cut her eyes up to look into her green ones again. "My name is Elizabeth, but call me Eli."

"Ah ... nice to meet you Eli." Angela stammered the words out and forced herself to look away from the deep blue eyes. She turned the water off in the shower and grasped her towel. Wrapping it around herself as she looked back at the new comer and asked softly. "Are you joining the gymnastics team as well Eli?"

The woman gave a deep laugh, her breasts jiggling slightly as she did so, making Angela look away once again with a blush. "Oh no ... I'm not nearly flexible enough for that." She said it as she turned on the water and began to wash herself. The water rushing down her body as Angela shyly watched her out of the corner of her eye. 

She had never really paid any attention to other girls but this one seemed different. She could not keep her eyes off her body. Especially those blue eyes, she continued to watch her shower as she tried to think of something to say, however Eli broke the silence while pulling her wet hair up into a pony tail.

"Mmmm ... a cool shower feels great after a workout huh Angela?"

"Ah ... y-yes it does. So, what are you doing here if you are not on the gymnastics team?" She looked up at the girl as she asked the question, her cheeks still slightly pink but she stared at her blatantly at this point, a little annoyed with herself for acting so shy. This was not like her at all.

Eli turned around almost as if she knew she was being watched intently. The water rolled off her skin and down her curved hips as she smiled gently. Her nipples were hard and peaked from the cool shower as she spoke playfully, "I'm on the weight lifting team Angel .."

Angela put a hand on her hip and frowned. "It's Angela not angel... "

"Oh I thought Angel would be a cute nickname for you." Elizabeth said it with a grin as she cut the water off and looked back at her, seeing the vexed look on her face.

"Let's just stick with Angela ... I don't like angel." She said the words as she looked away and started to walk off.

"H-hey! Wait a sec Angel-a ... I forgot my towel can I use yours please?" Eli looked at her with bright eyes. Angela blushed and hesitantly disrobed from her towel and handed it to her. Eli just giggled and began to towel herself off. 

"Actually I still have it in my locker, I just wanted an excuse to see you naked again!" She said it boldly grinning as she looked over the frustrated red heads body.

"Guh ... t-that's not funny!" She barked it out and stomped off to her locker. Taking out her clothes as she put on a pair of panties then slipped a bra over her shoulders.

"Here let me get that for you." She heard Eli's voice from behind her as she felt her grasp the back of her bra and snapped it in place for her.

Angela spun around to face the girl with a growl. "I was capable of doing it myself ... but uh t-thanks..." her resolve quickly melted away as she gazed into those bright blue eyes. Eli smiled and handed her towel back to her.

"You really have pretty eyes Angel" She said it as she went to her own locker and began to dress herself, slipping on some panties and then putting her bra on as she felt two hands hook it in place for her.

"Your eyes are pretty too ... but I will kick your ass if you call me Angel one more time ..." Angela said it behind her with a grin as she finished fastening her bra.

Spinning around to face her again Eli grinned and moved an arm up flexing it while speaking. "I dunno ... I'm on the weight lifting team ... I don't think your skinny butt would be much of a challenge."

Angela poked her nose with a finger as she finished the statement. "Well you may be strong but I am fast and wiry, you would never be able to touch.. gahh!!" Her statement was cut short as Eli grabbed her up into a bear hug, her cheeks were blushing brightly as she felt her breasts pushed up against the other woman's. Her nails dug into Eli's shoulders as she grunted lightly with one eye open while she was being squeezed, it didn't hurt much but it was embarrassing.

"He he ... I'm faster than you think Angel ...a." She giggled while holding her against her chest, easing the hug up as she finally released the poor girl. Angela kept her hands on Eli's shoulders as she took in a deep breath after getting full breathing capacity back.

With a playful smile she lightly tapped Eli's cheek with her hand as she backed up and moved back over to her own locker. Putting on her blue jeans and throwing on a shirt. "Way to drag that A out ... but that doesn't count ... It was a sneak attack."

Chuckling lightly Eli slipped on a long skirt and then a blouse. Walking over to Angela she grasped her hand and smiled at her. "I like you ... would you like to go get a bite to eat tonight? My treat."

Angela's cheeks flared up as her hand was held. "a-are you asking me out?"

"Yes I am ... I want to take you to dinner."

"Y-you mean like a casual get together or like a date?" she asked it shyly as she felt Eli grasp her hand gently.

"I'm asking you out on a date ... I want to get to know you better...are you going to say no?" The blonde beauty looked up at her with bright puppy dog eyes as she pouted slightly.

She had several thoughts running through her mind at the sudden invite. I don't even like girls! She is asking me out!?!? Wait was I flirting back? I should say no. I don't know her. I don't even like women like that, why would I go on a date with one? But ...I ... "Err .... Sounds great, Lets meet at the campus square at seven?"

Eli laughed softly and hugged Angela gently. "Seven it is! Don't keep me waiting."

Eli bounded out of the room with a skip in her step. Angela sat down on the bench with blushing cheeks. "I just ... just agreed to go out on a date with another girl and not even just a friendly girls night out ... I just got asked out to dinner, have I lost my mind?" 

After gathering her thoughts she finally stood up and packed her bag before stepping out of the gym to head back to her dorm to get ready for her 'date' with Elizabeth this afternoon.