 The fictional vignettes below are inspired by real life personal ads published in the San Francisco Weekly in a section titled Wild Side, Women Seeking Women. I hope my stories tickle your imagination as the ads tickled mine. With the exception of one ad modified slightly to accommodate the storyline, the ads are presented exactly as they appeared in SFWeekly two years ago. If you're looking for gorgeous, kinky lesbians, San Francisco is defintely the place for you!

* * * * *

Lisa finds Kelly

Curious Exotic Female 5'8", 125lbs, blonde/hazel, 36-26-36, seeks same for first time encounter -- hopefully more! Clean, safe, discreet, and very feminine Part-time model Interested? Wild#7038 07/22

Kelly dialed the number printed on the piece of paper. Her fingers were shaking. The ad came out about a week ago and this was the first time she'd gotten up the nerve to call for her messages. If any of her friends knew she'd written an ad like this they'd have a fit! Everyone thought she was straight, which of course was factually true. The closest she'd come to getting it on with another woman had been in high school when she and Leslie Cabot started making out one night after drinking a bottle of very potent wine. It started out as a very funny conversation comparing the boys they'd each gone out with. Fumbling, insistent fingers and slobbering kisses were the rule among their assorted boy friends. 

Then they started talking about French kissing, which Leslie insisted she'd done many times. Kelly wasn't convinced and after the last glasses were drained they found themselves on the sofa, awkwardly angling heads as they found one another's lips. To both girl's great surprise, the sensation of kissing another girl was far superior to most of what they'd experienced at that time in their young lives. By the time Leslie's parents arrived home, the two girls were passionately making out in the basement, bodies writhing together on the lumpy sofa, their lips literally bruising one another as tongues slid from mouth to mouth with abandon. When next they saw one another, both now fully sober, the tension in the air was almost suffocating. They never spoke of what transpired between them that night and gradually drifted apart.

"You have three messages..." Kelly pushed the required button and waited for the miraculous instrument to speak to her. The telephone cradled in the palm of her hand was covered with perspiration. She was really getting warm.

"Hi, my name is Chris. You sound good enough to eat." Click. A man's voice. Exactly what she didn't want, not now. Her last relationship had been a disaster, the handsome, articulate man showing himself eventually to be a real asshole. She pushed the button again.

"Hello. I'm interested in meeting you. I hope you won't be offended if I ask for a copy of a photo before we do. If you'll send a recent full-figure photo to P.O.Box 1578 in San Rafael, I'll send you a picture of me. I think you'll like what you see. This is my first time too, so I'm being a little bit cautious. I'm sure you understand. My name is Lisa." Click. Kelly's heart was in her throat. A real woman talking about getting together for a first time encounter - hopefully more. That's what Kelly had written in her ad, so that must be what the woman wanted. She didn't say how old she was. Kelly's mind began spinning and then another message came through the receiver and she pressed the required button.

"Hey sweet thing. You don't say, so I guess you're open to a soft butch like me. I'd love to get together and check out the chemistry. Nothing heavy, just a look see. My eyes can't wait to feast themselves on your luscious body. Maybe a cup of coffee would do? My name is Rebel but don't let that worry you. I'm a lot mellower now. Give me a ring, okay. My number is 654-7891." Click. Kelly hadn't really thought about what sort of woman she was interested in meeting, but with Lisa and Rebel's messages to choose between she had little doubt Lisa would get her first attention. Her mind began going over recent photos of herself, ones that showed off her excellent figure. What a thought, wanting to look good in a woman's eyes, a woman she hoped would become her lover. The idea really turned her on!

Lisa noted the lack of return address and concluded the woman who gave her name merely as Kelly was being as cautious as she was. She unfolded the letter and picked up the glossy photo that fell out. The woman was wearing short shorts and a tank top that hugged her curvaceous body. Blonde hair was swept away from a lovely face. Beautiful would be too strong a word, but very attractive would not be too much of a stretch. She glanced at the letter.

Dear Lisa, 

Thank you for calling about my ad. I was afraid no one would respond. I felt so foolish placing it. I've never done anything like it before and half expected everyone would think I was some weirdo. I'm not that at all. I've just had this urge ever since I was a teenager to get to know another woman like that, you know. I kissed a close girl friend when I was fifteen and it sort of blew some circuits. It scared me so much that I avoided close contact with women, even women friends. I don't have any trouble getting attention from men, but I find myself wanting to re-experience the excitement I discovered with that girlfriend. I hope you'll write to me and that we can meet. I've gotten a post office box too. You can write me there. 

Lisa looked again at the picture, her mind leaping back in time to that wonderful summer. Kelly was voluptuous like Carly though her complexion was completely different. She knew she'd never find a perfect replacement for her first and most tantalizing lover, but her mind still played its little games. She noted the address and began composing her response. This was definitely worth pursuing a bit further.

Lisa finds Ginger

Stunning Bi-Blonde Gorgeous, feminine, sophisticate, (30), terrific body (genuine assets), very chic, spunk, style, charm and heaps of sex appeal. Seeks hot looking femme for innocuous conversation and wanton seduction. Wild#7618 07/29

Ginger called for messages, hopeful of finding some new ones. She was getting tired of sick butches hot for her body. She'd had enough of possessive men and had no intention of getting into the same kind of relationship with some lesbian who wanted to own her body and soul. She'd discovered women while in college and knew they could be an exciting alternative to men. Her roommate Julie was the one, the guide on her magical mystery tour...

Ginger came home literally falling down drunk after a dreadful date with a Phi Delt who wouldn't take no for an answer. After filling her with booze he attacked her in an upstairs bathroom. She was able to fight him off and stumbled down the dimly lit stairs. A fellow from one of her classes drove her to her apartment where Julie took charge.

"Can you lift your arms?" Ginger was resting heavily against Julie, both young women seated on the edge of Ginger's bed. She tried to lift her arms but they seemed to go no higher than her shoulders. Julie was struggling with her sweater, which was now above her breasts but held by her arms. Julie leaned closer, her hands under Ginger's arms, lifting them as she pushed the sweater higher. Ginger felt her roommate's breasts touching her own but thought nothing of it. The sweater slid free and her arms collapsed to her side.

Ginger stared down through her hazy mind as Julie unzipped her jeans and pulled them off. Ginger suddenly fell back onto the bed, losing her balance as the jeans slid from under her bottom. She lay there, vaguely aware of fingers taking off her shoes and socks before pulling her jeans off. The next thing she was aware of was the presence of her roommate lying at her side. She turned her head, eyes trying to focus on Julie's lovely face only inches from hers.

"You did it again, didn't you sweetheart?" Ginger wasn't sure what Julie was talking about.

"You give these guys the look, shake your booty and they go wild." Ginger smiled in recognition. Julie had told her before that she had to be more careful about leading guys on, that guys couldn't be trusted. She tried to formulate words to convey her appreciation for Julie's concern but the presence of fingers on her bare belly, just below her breasts commanded her attention.

"You're really too sexy for your own good, aren't you sweetheart?" Julie rolled closer to her on the bed. Ginger was suddenly aware of her roommate's breast pressing against her bare arm. Julie was a gorgeous young woman. It always struck Ginger as curious that she didn't have a string of young lotharios after her. She never made the connection with the possibility Julie might be gay and didn't make that connection in this intimate moment either. She was, however, aware of the warmth of the body next to hers, and the sensation of fingers gently spreading over the sensitive skin of her belly. Her body responded instinctively, possibly building on sexual feelings stirred by that asshole who kept pawing her breasts and jamming his knee between her thighs. She sighed, her legs opening and closing again. The fingers were moving lower.

"A little turned on, heh?" The fingers slid over her panties, the sexy silk bikini panties she always wore to such advantage. Her thighs fell open in an invitation the fingers quickly accepted. Ginger was in an altered state that made it difficult for her to connect the fingers now teasing her through the silk of her panties with her friend and roommate who lay next to her on the bed. There was no mistaking though the sensations stirring in her loins, the familiar feelings that invariably led to sexual release. And the fingers were so good at touching her, unlike any she'd known before, perhaps with the exception of her own fingers when they gave her pleasure.

"That's it baby, let it go, let it go!" The words were whispered in her ear. She could feel the breath behind them, sensing the lips were close. Then a tongue touched her ear, devilishly penetrating the opening. Her moan was involuntary but it spoke volumes about what she was feeling at that moment. The tongue continued its dance which seemed uncannily connected to the fingers playing across her engorged clitoris. Ginger suddenly exploded, her orgasm jerking her hips off the bed. Her head rolled from side to side, her fists clutching the bedspread. Then lips were on hers and she gave herself up totally to the offered kiss. It was a deep passionate kiss.

Ginger fell asleep, never quite connecting her sexual release to the presence of her roommate. It wasn't until morning when she found herself lying naked in her own bed wrapped in the embrace of her equally naked friend and companion of these past few months, that Ginger realized what happened. Surprisingly she didn't resist this dawning awareness. She simply gazed down at the gorgeous, naked woman lying next to her and prepared herself for the next chapter of their redefined relationship...

If Julie hadn't moved to the coast after graduation, Ginger had no doubt they would still be lovers. Her friend showed her everything there was to know about loving another woman. She'd tasted it all during the last year of college, though she never felt inclined to join her friend in pursuing the lesbian scene off campus. Much to Julie's chagrin, Ginger still occasionally dated men and even more rarely had sex with them. Ginger knew she was bi-sexual, that neither a man, nor a woman would ever be able to satisfy her completely.

"Hi, my name is Lisa. Your ad intrigues me, though in all honesty it also scares me a bit. I've never been with a woman before, at least not since I became a woman myself. If that sounds a bit confusing excuse me. That's pretty much what my life has been like for quite some time now. Anyway, I'd like to exchange photos if that interests you. I can assure you I meet your qualifications. If you meet mine I'd like to meet you. My post office box is 1548 in San Rafael. I look forward to hearing from you. Bye for now." Ginger smiled. This one sounded like a keeper. She picked up the photo of herself from the desk and thought about this woman's reaction. Nobody who'd ever met Ginger found her other that gorgeous. 

Lisa stared at the photo. It amazed her to realize a woman this stunning was in the market for another woman. The men of the world would heave a collective sigh of remorse if they knew such a woman chose to be with other women rather than with a man. Of course, Ginger advertised herself a bi-sexual, so perhaps there are some men feasting on this incredible body. If she hadn't already made an appointment to meet Kelly, this would have been the person she would focus all her attention on.

Ginger called the number at the bottom of the letter and once again heard Lisa's voice, this time on her own answering machine. The minute she'd seen this young woman's picture she knew she had to meet her. Julie had been a knockout, but this woman was from a different league. A stunning body and perfect face. Ginger was surprised she hadn't seen this woman in a movie magazine before. She had star quality written all over her. There was no answer so she left a message.

Kelly meets Lisa

Kelly walked toward where she was seated, her long blonde curls dancing with each step. She was wearing a lightweight cashmere sweater large enough not to appear cheap, but sufficiently form fitting that no one would miss her lush breasts shifting beneath the soft fabric. The white slacks were well tailored and conformed to her slender thighs and narrow hips. Lisa waved toward her, but the young woman had already set eyes on her and simply smiled. She chose the seat next to Lisa's, sliding elegantly to rest before extending her hand.

"Hi. You're even prettier in person." Lisa accepted the hand which was quite warm to the touch. She felt herself blush at the compliment.

"Thank you. I could easily say the same about you." It was true. The picture had done little justice to this woman's lovely face. It told the truth about her spectacular body but not her face with its deep-set sparkling eyes and lush, full lips alight with gloss. Lisa felt herself responding to the physical presence of this young woman.

"Have you ordered?"

They proceeded to make small talk as they sipped tea and nibbled at a plate full of cookies. It turned out that Kelly was in fact a lingerie model who worked in various print media, including catalogues and occasional newspaper spreads. She was also a graduate student in psychology and hoped to become a therapist some day. Lisa was fascinated to hear her story. The fact their knees kept touching beneath the table and discreetly hidden by a table cloth, only added to the good feelings building between the two of them. By the time they said good-bye, they'd already decided to meet again. Next time Kelly was going to visit Lisa's home. The thought was tantalizing for them both.

Ginger is Hot!

What a strange feeling. Lisa peered at her reflection in the mirror. Despite the familiarity of the face she could have been looking at a stranger. The bright yellow spandex appeared to be painted on her thighs and legs. She turned to gaze at the round cheeks of her well-toned bottom that were equally revealed by the glimmering material. The white spandex tank top constrained her full breasts making it unnecessary to wear a brassiere, something for which she was grateful. The combined effect of no brassiere and the stretchy spandex, however, was incredibly sexy. 

Lisa typically dressed much more conservatively, so the appearance of her gorgeous bosom offered in such a daring way was unnerving. She pulled the oversized silk blouse on, hoping it would diminish the shocking sexuality of the tank top. It worked somewhat, but there was no denying her seductive appeal. She thought of Ginger's ad and knew her attire would draw warm approval at least and wanton seduction at most. She grabbed her handbag and the slip of paper with the address Ginger had given her over the phone and left.

The club was South of Market, a part of town she seldom visited. With its leather bars and lesbian clubs it offered little that had in the past attracted her. Ginger assured her this wasn't a lesbian club which relieved Lisa somewhat, but she was still taken back by the loud music and outrageous decor that greeted her as she entered. Ginger had called the place's style androgynous funk. As her eyes grew accustomed to the minimal lighting she saw an assortment of patrons who could be either men or women, mixed in with others whose gender was not in any way in doubt. 

Masculine men in the tightest jeans that showed off their genitals and feminine women in daring costumes that made her's look downright conservative. She laughed to herself. Then her eyes caught sight of Ginger, who was dancing surrounded by a group of four men. She looked absolutely stunning, just as her ad and picture had promised. She was wearing a bright blue knit jumpsuit that appeared to have been painted on her incredibly voluptuous body. Lisa stood transfixed for a moment, then felt herself drawn to the scene like a moth to a bright light. When she reached the edge of the dance floor Ginger's eyes met hers and a smile of recognition crossed her full lips. She began moving toward Lisa in time to the music. None of the men seemed aware of what was happening, they simply moved with her, their eyes greedily caressing her body as she liquidly followed the pounding rhythms.

Nothing prepared Lisa for what happened next. Ginger stepped off the dance floor and slid her arm beneath Lisa's silk shirt and around her torso, pulling her into an embrace before turning her body onto the dance floor. Lisa gave herself up to the music, the heavy beat, the hands holding her body tight to the lush curves she'd been following with her eyes only moments before. The men stood back, looks ranging from disappointment to appreciation on their faces as they watched the women dance together. Lisa remembered her dance with Carly, that wonderful feeling of a woman's curves against her young body. Ginger's breasts spread over her own bosom, a leg slid between her parted thighs as they turned. 

Lisa was transported. This was definitely a wanton seduction, only it was happening in front of four young studs who if given half the chance would fuck either of these beautiful young women. But the women were there only for each other, bodies pressed together, eyes locked in a gaze filled with powerful sexual energy. Then the music stopped and Lisa felt herself suspended in space and time. Suddenly lips touched hers, a soft, inviting kiss she could in no way resist, even with those men's eyes staring at her. She returned the kiss, welcoming the tongue that slid between her lips. Then the kiss broke and she heard a collective sigh from their circle of admirers. Ginger turned toward the men.

"Sorry guys. My date arrived."

Ginger's fingers spread over her breast, pressing the heavy mound through the spandex. Lisa glanced around, extremely self-conscious about being touched so intimately in this public place. Her blouse was spread wide, her breasts thrust over the top of the table at their booth. Anyone glancing in their direction would see Ginger's long red-tipped fingers caressing her breasts. To her surprise she saw other's casually and openly expressing their desire for one another. It came in every possible form, from a man cupping another man's genitals to a third man foraging within a woman's open blouse, breasts naked, to two women making out in a corner booth, their hands busily moving beneath the table's surface. Ginger had obviously planned this meeting well. Lisa closed her eyes, relishing the caressing fingers, knowing this gorgeous woman had no intention of stopping there.
