 The fictional vignettes below were inspired from real life personal ads published in San Francisco Weekly in a section called Wild Side, Women Seeking Women. Except for slight modifications required to facilitate the storylines, the ads presented are as they appear in SFWeekly. If an original ad was placed by any reader of this service, I hope you won't be offended by where my imagination has taken your words.

* * * * *

Sexy Bi-Female Is seeking other bi-female, race unimportant, 21-35, for erotically sexual encounters. I'm 5'7", 120lbs., physically fit, very horny. Looking for oral ecstasy? Wild#51589 08/13

Her friend took her to that club south of Market on a dare. Neither of them were gay. In fact neither of them had as much as kissed another woman. She'd heard about the club and suggested they go check it out some evening. The whole thing was pretty much forgotten until one Friday when the two of them went to a regular club and found themselves dumped by a couple of Neanderthals who tried to pass themselves off as normal Homo Sapiens. Her friend said fuck it, let's go over to the Lady Slipper. They both were a bit tipsy, so it could be argued they didn't really know what they were doing. That judgment would be proven true when they found themselves way over their head in a world they hadn't known even existed.

They took a cab to the club. The Persian driver checked them out as they left the cab, probably shaking his head about these young American women who did such decadent things. Or maybe he was just checking out their asses in the tight pants they wore.

They decided the safest way to play this adventure was to pretend they were an item, two pretty femmes very much into each other and only vaguely interested in the scene at the club. They took each other's hands as they pushed open the club door, glancing conspiratorially at one another as they stepped into the dimly lit entry. They followed the sound and soon found themselves in a large room with a dance floor at one end and a long bar at the other. In between was an assortment of tables with chairs and booths that lined one wall. It looked unremarkably like any other club they'd ever been to. They walked toward the bar, aware of eyes following them. Cindy ordered drinks for them both and turned to glance over the crowd.

Women in every gender bending shape and flavor were there, from hard butch to the softest femme. Since there weren't many hard butches around she assumed this was not their type of venue. They probably preferred the leather bars and motorcycle crowd, which Cindy was vaguely aware of from personals she'd read. Then she noticed women moving up stairs at the back of the room, next to the end of the bar. Other women were descending. She glanced over at Kate and nodded her head in the direction of the stairs. Kate followed her nod and then leaned closer.

"I don't think we should go up there." Cindy was certain her friend was right, though this scene was so tame it hardly seemed worth the effort of coming here. They took their drinks and sat at an open booth, following the lead of their fellow patrons by sitting together on one side facing the dance floor. Couples were dancing, again every combination represented. Some of the women were fat and ugly, others very presentable, whether butch or femme. Cindy knew there was nothing about she and Kate that kept them from fitting in with this diverse crowd. Then she noticed a rather gross looking butch staring in their direction, so she took Kate's hand from the table and lifted it to her lips for a brief kiss. Kate gasped and turned to look at her.

"Shh, we got company. Just act natural." Cindy whispered the words though that was hardly necessary with the loud music reverberating through the space. Kate laughed nervously, her fingers clutching Cindy's hand. When she looked in that direction again the dyke was gone.

"Let's dance. That should clear the field for us." Cindy took a deep sip of her drink and slid off the seat. Kate followed her, still holding on to her hand for dear life. When they reached the dance floor the music changed and suddenly they were being invited to slow dance. Cindy turned to her friend, rolled her eyes and extended her arms. Kate stepped up to her and they began circling to the music. Glancing at the women around them, whose bodies were undulating together, hands quite openly caressing backs, bottoms, arms, even breasts, it was clear this was going to do nothing more than draw attention to them. Cindy drew Kate closer, whispering in her ear.

"We've got to try a little harder, I'm afraid." Kate's body, which had been rigid since they first touched on the floor, seemed to relax and Cindy was able to draw her into a close embrace. She'd danced with other girl's in school, but never slow dancing with a woman whose breasts were of the dimensions of Kate's. Their cheeks were close together, thighs brushing as legs slid past each other as they turned to the music. Cindy felt her body getting warm and sensed her face was flushed. Glancing around she saw women kissing, their faces illuminated from time to time by the flashing light reflected from tiny squares of mirror affixed to the revolving globe above the dance floor. There was nothing sisterly about these kisses and they disturbed Cindy. She loved to kiss a man and the thought women could share that same passion was quite a revelation to her. Whatever she'd thought about women being together, it hadn't included anything like this; dancing, kissing, gentle caresses of your lover's curvaceous body.

The music ended and without speaking they walked from the floor. Kate had dropped her hand, but Cindy kept her arm around her friend's slender waist as they returned to their booth. Again she noticed the exodus up the stairs and found herself wondering how much farther the women who made that journey were willing to go in expressing their desire for their partners in such a public place.

They finished their first drink and ordered a second when a pretty waitress stopped by their table. Kate had taken her hand again as the young woman walked up to them and continued to hold it until the drinks had arrived. They sipped their drinks, eyes wide as they watched the women around them. As the evening got later, the drinks seemed to be lubricating the scene. More open displays of affection could be seen at the tables, on the dance floor. Cindy saw two women standing in the shadows on the opposite side of the room making out passionately. One woman's blouse was open and her breasts were bare to her lover's caressing fingers. Cindy whispered to Kate and nodded in their direction. Kate glanced over. She didn't turn her eyes away and was staring as the woman who had been caressing those oversized breasts slid her hand under her friend's skirt. There was no doubt about what those fingers were doing even if they were hidden from view. Just then one of the waitresses walked up to them. Neither Kate nor Cindy could hear what was being said but the waitress appeared to be quite earnest in her presentation. A moment later the woman was buttoning her blouse. Then the two of them walked to the stairs and disappeared from view.

"Are you sure you don't want to check that out?" They were seated close to each other, their faces only inches apart. Anyone looking in their direction would think they were making love to another. The subterfuge carried with it its own quality of excitement and Cindy could feel herself aroused. The combination of their playacting and the real passion all around them was turning her on!

"Do you want to?" She could tell her friend was feeling some of the same excitement she was feeling.

"We can always leave if its too much." Kate's eyes had a wild look in them. She knew her friend was an uninhibited lover when she was with someone who turned her on. She'd seen her in action a couple of times and it was something to behold. Beneath that small town girl demeanor was a tiger waiting to pounce. To date it had only been men who drew out the tiger in this girl. Cindy couldn't help but wonder whether her friend's interest in visiting this place might not come from a secret desire to experience this kind of loving. Cindy was certainly finding herself increasingly open to the possibility.

They finished their second drink and once again left the safety of their booth. This time they crossed the room walking with arms around each other's waists. Their thighs brushed with each step and their breasts collided on occasion, both sensations that added to Cindy's growing arousal. Of all the women she'd seen in the club thus far, Kate would surely be the one she'd be interested in making out with. Even as she thought that thought she cringed inside. She swallowed and took the first step on the stairs.

There was a long corridor running the length of the building that opened before them as they reached the top of the stairs. Women were milling about, moving from one door to the next along the corridor, or crossing from one room to the next. Some doors were crowded with women peering into the room. Cindy saw the couple they'd been watching before near one of the first doors along the corridor but they seemed only marginally interested in what was going on in there. Once again the woman's blouse was open and her friend's hand was under her skirt. This time, however, the skirt had been rolled to the top and stuffed into the waistband, leaving the lower half of her body uncovered. She clearly wasn't wearing any panties and equally clear that her friend's fingers were at that very moment sliding in and out of her pussy. The hand moved quickly up and down, its middle three fingers pointing upward, appearing and then disappearing with each stroke of the pumping hand. From the expression on the woman's face there was little doubt her orgasm was very close. Cindy felt Kate's hand tighten on her waist and knew Kate was looking in the same direction she was. At that instant the woman groaned loudly, her hands reaching down to grab the fist between her thighs and hold it still. The women were kissing passionately, mouths moving wetly from side to side, tongues visible as they fluttered together.

People brushed past them and they moved from the middle of the corridor, stepping past the cluster of people at the first door, then past the two women who were still kissing deeply, then to a door with only a couple of women peering in. Cindy stopped and turned, leading Kate with her. Inside the room was something neither of these young innocents had ever even imagined.

A tall, completely naked blonde was standing at the far end of the room, her hands and ankles locked in shackles attached to the wall. Her body glistened with perspiration. Another naked woman held what looked like an old fashioned cat-of-nine-tails, which she was striking the other woman with. Since there were no marks on her perfect body, Cindy could only guess the instrument of torture was made of something softer than barbed leather. Then the beating stopped and the woman brandishing the weapon stepped up to her charge and began licking her body. Within seconds her face was between the blonde's long, slender thighs. You couldn't see the kiss, but the blonde's expression announced the reality of that caressing tongue. Others moved toward the wall as though this whole dance had been choreographed and soon the blonde's body was covered with searching lips. Her nipples, her armpits, her mouth. There was even one woman who had slid behind the blond and was kissing her backside. Then as miraculously as it had begun, everyone stepped back and the "torture" resumed. The look in the eyes of the gorgeous blonde was wild, speaking of the truth of this event, the necessity for chaining her to the wall. She was a wild woman, wild with passion. Cindy's breath stopped in her chest as the blonde's eyes met her own.

She stumbled from the door, unable to look anymore. This was too bizarre, much too bizarre.

It was Kate who stopped at the next door. The scene was totally different. Mattresses literally covered the floor of the large room, all but a few near the door already occupied with women making love. There was no grand scheme here, simply pairs and threesomes of women worshipping one another with their fingers, tongues and lips. Cindy's eyes moved from one mattress to another, her mind not quite able to comprehend what she was witnessing. She was aware, however, of Kate's arms around her waist. She glanced over at her friend and instantly saw that the tiger was unleashed. Her eyes shone with a fire similar to the blonde in the last room. Kate was standing almost facing Cindy, her legs parted, her thighs on either side of Cindy's thigh. Cindy raised her arm and draped it over her friend's shoulder, allowing her to move closer. Breasts pressed into her side and Kate's hips seemed to be riding her thigh. One of Kate's arms was around her back, the other now rested below Cindy's breasts.

She suddenly realized they were no different than any of the women in this room, which reeked of perspiration and the sweet musk of a woman's genitals. These were women excited by the proximity of other women making love. They gave in to their passions, casting inhibitions away as they gave one another pleasure, even if it came in the form of pain. Cindy's eyes moved around the room and them back to Kate's lovely face, the flushed cheeks, the lips moist from her darting tongue, eyes on fire. Cindy lifted her left hand and slid her fingers over Kate's luscious breast, pressing into the firm mound, then teasing the nipple. Kate's eyes moved away from the writhing bodies, finally coming to rest on Cindy's. Neither of them said a word but Cindy's fingers kept caressing Kate's full breast. They drew closer, eyes locked. Then in a rush their lips came together. There was nothing tentative about this first kiss. All the passions stirred by this evening exploded with their kiss. They needed no instructions, no permission. They simply kissed, lips moving, tongues darting. Their bodies turned and a moment later they had fallen on one of the mattresses, hands hungry for one another's bodies, mouths feverishly making up for lost moments of longing, of hunger.

Before their visit to the Lady Slipper was over their fingers had found naked genitals and both young women experienced release. Later they lay naked on Cindy's bed and explored other delights they'd witnessed during this shocking night of discover. A new chapter had begun for each of these very attractive young women.

Tasty Woman Female, attractive Asian, hot, loves slow passionate lovemaking with other wet woman. Let's sixty-nine all night. Wild#51596 08/13

Amy was obviously fucked up. Her parents thought so, her friends at school thought so, her psychiatrist thought so. She was obsessed with this porno star and couldn't get her out of her mind. Janine was the woman of her dreams. She was the only porno star around who made love only to women. She'd never made love on the screen to a man. She refused, despite the pleading of horny men who wrote the studio or the studio itself who knew they had a gold mine on their hands. This gorgeous, stacked woman was a firecracker who regularly exploded on the screen with a level of passion unheard of except among the truly great actresses. It was too easy to fake it. The sex became tired and boring. The actors knew it, the audience knew it But Janine was in another universe. You could see her excitement when she made love with a woman. That was what Amy wanted, to sixty-nine all night with Janine.

She wrote her letters, she sent e-mail to her. She'd sent panties and asked Janine to wear them and send them back. She begged to know her clothes and brassiere size so she could send her things. She shaved her pubic hair and mailed that to Janine, promising her a smooth clit to lick if only she'd call Amy her next visit to San Francisco. The studio had sent a picture of Janine, which helped little since Amy already had every video she appeared in.

So she wrote her ad, praying some woman would take her mind off her obsession, would give her the loving she longed for, the slow, sweet, passionate lovemaking, the hot passionate lovemaking that Janine gave her co-stars.

Janine tipped the envelope and stared in disbelief as short curly hairs tumbled onto the kitchen table. The note said it was pubic hair. Janine lifted her eyes and saw Julie Ann smiling.

"Another conquest, huh?" Janine smiled.

"Yeah, just what I need. As if one horny woman wasn't enough." Julie Ann laughed.

"I thought you always said the more the merrier?" Janine suddenly recalled the young woman who'd joined them in bed a couple of nights before. Now that was one hot teenager. No doubt all three of them had enjoyed the experience.

She'd met Sheila on the set of her last film. Despite the young woman's assurances, it was clear she'd never made out with a woman before. The director suggested they "rehearse" their scene together and Janine was more than willing. Sheila was a very sexy, very attractive teenager. Janine found a quiet area away from the production crew, who were shooting another scene with Julie Ann the happy recipient of loving attention from two other actresses on the movie. Janine knew she and Sheila wouldn't be on until later in the day.

Janine walked up to the girl, sliding her right arm around Sheila's slender waist, drawing the lush curves against her body. The girl's eyes were wide with something between curiosity and terror. Janine smiled.

"Just relax sweetheart. I promise this won't hurt." The fingers of her left hand spread over Sheila's breast, the full mound surprisingly firm. The wonder of a young woman's body! The nipple quickly responded. Sheila's eyes followed her fingers as they lovingly caressed first one breast, then the other. Her eyes widened, whether out of fear or excitement Janine wasn't certain. She did know, however, that she had no intention stopping. She was getting turned on. Urgently she pulled the young blonde closer, pressing that lovely body tightly against hers. Reaching up she grasped the girl's chin, lifting it until their lips were just barely touching. The girl's eyes were even wider, but she didn't resist as Janine pressed her mouth over the girl's soft lips. She'd learned long ago that the difference between merely competent women porn actresses and a star came in how they kissed another woman. Most were timid, afraid of an intimate kiss on the lips. They had no difficulty licking another woman's pussy but a kiss on the lips was too much. Janine had overcome her initial hesitance and quickly found delight in making out with another woman. Now she relished every moment of loving a sensual woman. Of course, having such a luscious young thing to play with was a special treat. She'd have to thank the director for hiring this sweet innocent teen.

She dropped to her knees, sliding her hands beneath the young woman's dress, fingers moving along warm thighs until they spread over firm, round cheeks. The dress followed her hands upward until silk panties came into view. Janine pressed her lips into the silk, tucking her chin under the prominent mound, gazing up between the teen's heavy breasts as her mouth nuzzled the sweet genitals she expected to be kissing momentarily. Sheila's eyes were wild with excitement. Janine tilted her head back, her fingers sliding around to the front to pull the panties to one side. She extended her tongue, all the while staring up into those deep set blue eyes which were riveted to her mouth. Leaning closer she slid her tongue between those slender thighs until the tip found moist folds of flesh which quickly parted to reveal the girl's engorged clitoris. Sheila groaned, her hands reaching down to grasp the back of Janine's head. Her tongue played over the swollen organ, then dipped between the lips protecting the girl's pussy. What nectar! Janine grabbed those round cheeks and pulled the lush fruit closer as she licked and sucked. Sheila was getting more and more excited, groans rising from her throat, fingers clutching Janine's hair. Her scream pierced the air, announcing to everyone on the set that she'd met Janine. Janine tilted her head back, mouth and face slick with saliva and juices from this teen. She smiled up at Sheila, her tongue playing across her lips to savor the taste of pussy.
