 *Well here it is. It's my first attempt at writing murder. >:3

Thanks again to my friend Cristal for cleaning up my mess and editing.

By the way I've been getting a few emails asking when I'm going to update, I wanted to thank people for wanting more of my work, I can't reply to the emails though because it won't let me with the system it's sent from.

Anyway hope you enjoy it.*

*

Tiny flakes of snow drifted along a breeze in the cold winter air, the faintest signs of snow beginning to build on the grass in the park, giving it a glittering frosted look in the full moons light.

The silence of the night was almost tangible as the flakes began to grow bigger and fall with more intensity. The breeze picking up slightly as a whistle could be heard from it passing through the tree branches.

A slight sound was suddenly heard in the empty park, faint at first but gradually getting louder, it was the sound of panicked breathing and deep panting, as if someone had been running non-stop for some time. 

On the outskirts of the park a young man sprang forth from the tangled barbs and limbs of the forest. Stumbling he fell, before slowly picking himself up from the icy cold ground. His clothing was torn and cut in several places from sprinting through the woods.

Gritting his teeth in the frigid air the man grasped his left arm, a large amount of blood rolling down it, dripping from his fingertips and splattering onto the white frosted ground while he resumed his weak run as he muttered breathlessly. "Fuck... how did it come to this?"

After a few more minutes of sprinting his vision began to blur as he ran through the park, the blood loss taking its toll on his body as he slumped to one knee while still clenching his arm. Looking up he could see the exit to the park, the lights of the town just beyond as he staggered to his feet once more. "Almost there..."

He slowly staggered forward, one heavy step at a time, the blood continuing to drip onto the frozen ground at his feet, his body felt amazingly heavy as he struggled to continue onward.

"You certainly love to run... I thought a man was always supposed to be brave?"

The young man's hair stood up on the back of his neck as he heard the voice followed by the sound of someone landing on the ground behind him, he turned his head to see his pursuer kneeling behind him, one of her hands on the grass, the other grasping the hilt of a huge blade strapped to her back.

"You're a bad boy to force me to chase you down..." The woman stood straight up, her long golden hair spreading forth as she spoke the words coldly, pulling her sword free and planting the tip of the blade into the grass at her feet. "I do enjoy a chase though, so I suppose I should thank you for that."

The man spun around to face her, his knees shaking as he slowly began to back up towards the exit of the park, his breath haggard and his voice shaking as he pleaded with her. "Just let me go, I'm not a threat to them or anyone else"

His pursuer wagged a finger before stepping forth with her sword propped along her shoulder, her icy blue eyes glaring at him as she stepped into the light of the nearby lamp post. "I don't think so, you broke the rules, and It's my job to deal with rule breakers."

Growling under his breath the man continued to slowly retreat towards the open gates of the park, knowing sanctuary waited beyond. "Just give it a rest, you know if you kill me this close to the city it will cause you problems."

"It won't cause me a damn bit of a problem, I could kill you in the middle of town if I wanted too." The girl spoke casually as she swung her sword outward, the moonlight reflecting off the massive blade. "Don't blame me for this, blame yourself."

"Fuck! Elizabeth wait I can fix this! I Just nee-" His words were silenced as the large blade was sunk effortlessly into his chest, his eyes rolling upwards to see the full moon above him as he felt his ribs breaking and the hot flow of his blood begin to pour out of his body.

Elizabeth embraced the man, holding his head against her chest. "Go with god, brother..." With a push forward she forced the blade deeper into his chest, a large spray of blood erupting out his back when she withdrew it. He continued to cling to her until the last of his life force faded then collapsed onto the frozen ground.

Sighing deeply Elizabeth pulled her sword away, swinging it hard to dislodge most of the blood before placing a finger to her ear. "I caught your stray, come clean it up..."

Listening for a moment she rolled her eyes before propping her sword on her shoulder. "No, get someone else to do it, I have finals tomorrow. I'm also going to be away for Christmas vacation next week, so you can suck it up and do it your damn self."

Looking down at the new corpse she created she could see the steam in the air from the man's hot blood flowing forth in the bitter cold. "What a deplorable sight... I should get home before Angela worries."

Angela kissed Elizabeth deeply and gave a soft giggle as she found herself rolled over onto her back, her wrists pinned to the mattress while she looked up at her. "You're feeling dominant this morning eh?"

Elizabeth looked down at her lover, smiling brightly as she kept a grip on her wrists. "Of course, you bring it out in me." Speaking the words happily she leaned down to kiss the beautiful redhead she was pinning down, her tongue darting into her mouth.

Grunting lightly, Angela happily took Elizabeth's tongue into her mouth, her own flicking along it and rubbing it as she kissed back eagerly, her legs rubbing together as she moaned against her lovers lips.

Pulling away from the kiss, Elizabeth gave a devious grin as her hands moved down off Angela's wrists, moving to her breasts and rubbing them firmly while the redhead moaned happily, feeling her sensitive mounds rubbed and massaged.

"Ellie, don't you have a final this morning? Don't get me worked up when you have to go soon ..." she said the word's with a slight pout as her lover was just about to start sucking on her nipple.

Elizabeth gave a dejected sigh, her lips just inches from Angela's hard little peak. "Fine, you're right..."

Angela gave a chuckle as Elizabeth rolled off her and sat up on the side of the bed, her long blond hair covering her back. "Sorry, I just don't want you to be late and get in trouble." She said the words cheerfully while hugging Elizabeth from behind, her arms folding over her chest to pull her lover back into her embrace.

Sighing softly Elizabeth relaxed in her lovers embrace, her eyes closing as she was held securely. "I know Angel, besides that I can always jump you after class today." She spoke the words with a haughty tone as she gave a grin and leaned closer to feel Angela's perky breasts against her back.

Holding her closer, Angela gave a soft whisper into Elizabeth's ear. "Oh really, Then I guess that means I won't have to practice with those swords if you're too busy ravaging me."

"Well training is important, but it's been so long ago since we did that." Elizabeth said the words dramatically as she pouted a little.

"So long ago my ass, we did it like 9 hours ago!" Angela playfully pushed the blonde off her and hopped out of bed. "You really are insatiable Ellie..."

"You never seem to complain." Giving a wink to her lover, Elizabeth stood up and began to get dressed for the day ahead. "In all seriousness though, we probably should work on your fencing today."

"Why is that?" Angela asked as she fastened her bra before putting on her shirt. "You have been making me train with those things non-stop since I got them a few months ago."

"Don't you like being able to protect yourself?" Elizabeth asked, her fingers raking through the mess of her bed hair as she looked at herself in the mirror on the dresser.

"Well it's true I'm not the damsel in distress type... but how frequently would I even be able to use something like swords in the real world?"

Elizabeth gave a snort before sitting down on the bed and pulling her blue jeans up. "If you can fight with a sword, it means you will be able to pick up any nearby objects of similar length and weight. Not to mention it will give you more agility and strength, even if unarmed you will be better off because of the training."

Angela rolled her eyes before walking over to the dresser to begin brushing her hair. "As if I will ever put it to use..."

Giving a frustrated sigh Elizabeth stood up and moved behind Angela, hugging her close from behind as she spoke softly into her ear. "I just want you to be able to take care of yourself if I'm not around Angel."

Smiling Angela leaned against her. "Well I will admit you do a good job of making me feel safe."

"Of course, I will always protect you Angel."Elizabeth said the words confidently as she hugged tighter. "When I'm around of course, you have to remember I'm not with you all the time, there may come a time you need to fend for yourself"

"I know I know." Angela grumbled the words as she turned around and kissed Elizabeth lightly on the lips. "It's fine, I think it's kind of fun using them, and it gives us something else to do together."

Elizabeth gave a childish grin and ran her fingers through Angela's silky red locks of hair. "I'm glad you think so, I love doing things to you."

Angela asked with a questioningly playful glare. "To me, or for me?" 

"Both!" Elizabeth spoke without hesitation as her hands reached right to Angela's breasts and began to rub them through her shirt and bra.

Grunting lightly Angela blushed and bit her lower lip as her sensitive breasts were handled roughly by her lover. "mmph... down girl, you have a final."

Giving a pout Elizabeth gave her puppy dog eyes while whining lightly. "But I'm horny."

"You're always horny!" Angela playfully pushed her away before picking up the nearby brush. "Now sit down and I will deal with that mess you call hair."

Elizabeth sat down in a chair as Angela went to work on her hair. "I can't help it, It's easy to get horny because I love you so much."

"Yeah I love you too, but no action until after your finals." Angela spoke the words firmly as she slowly ran the brush through the thick blonde hair.

"F-ine!" Elizabeth crossed her arms and pouted while her hair was brushed.

Afterwards the two girls finished preparing for the day and left for their respective classes.

Finishing the last of her tests Elizabeth laid down her pencil and sighed with fatigue. "Finals suck, I should have gotten more sleep..."

Turning in the final test Elizabeth exited the classroom and started down the hallway towards the exit of the building. Once reaching the set of glass doors leading to the campus she noticed Angela sitting outside on the nearby bench facing the doors.

Angela hopped up off the bench as soon as she saw Elizabeth exit the building, walking up to her eagerly she gave a playful smile. "You've been in there longer than I thought, did you have that hard of a time with it?"

Giving a shrug Elizabeth reached a hand up and started playing with one of her lovers bangs of hair hanging over her forehead. "Academics have never been one of my strong points, you know that Angel."

"You might do better in your studies if you spent more time on your work and less time on top of me."Angela looked up while Elizabeth toyed with her hair. She had decided to grow it out a few months ago so it was starting to get slightly longer.

Elizabeth gave a devious smirk before pulling the red head into her arms and hugging her tightly. "I have no idea what you mean, and besides, pinning you down is fun!" She spoke the words cheerfully while hugging tighter to her.

Angela gave out a light gasp from the tight embrace, her cheeks blushing as she clung to Elizabeth. "You're such a kid..."

Elizabeth chuckled and leaned closer, whispering lustfully into her lover's ear. "You think a kid would know how to do some of the things I do to you?"

Blushing brighter Angela rested her head against the other woman's chest, nuzzling into the large soft mounds. "What a perverted lover I have."

"You call me a pervert but you're the one who seems to have your face buried in my tits." Grinning, Elizabeth rubbed at Angela's hair lovingly. 

Looking up from her lover's chest, Angela noticed some of the other students were staring and whispering amongst themselves. It was obviously an odd site to see two girls engaging in such blatant PDA in front of the classrooms. 

"Maybe we should go practice..." Ellie gave a broad grin as she whispered the words and took Angela's hand, walking with her away from the building.

"You really like the attention don't you?" Angela gripped her girl friends hand and blushed gently.

"I don't mind showing you off, but I could tell it was making you a bit uncomfortable."

Angela clung tightly to Elizabeth's arm. "Why don't we go out tonight after we finish practice, it's been a while since we had a date."

"That sounds like a great idea Angel. Want to hit the sushi bar?"

"That sounds good. I've not had sake in some time." Giving a smile Angela pulled closer.

"Yeah just don't have too much, you can be hard to handle when you're fucked up."

"Then you can pin me down if I get too rowdy..." Angela spoke the words with a light blush on her cheeks.

Elizabeth giggles lightly. "Don't tempt me Angel, you know I do so enjoy holding you down." Speaking haughtily the young woman pulled her lover closer as they continued towards the dorms.

The two girls continued walking but halfway to the dorm Elizabeth suddenly stopped in her tracks. Angela looked up at her with a puzzled look. "What's wrong Ellie?"

Elizabeth gave her lover a cocky grin and patted her ass. "Oh I just forgot something back in the classroom, can you go on home without me?"

"I don't mind walking back with you love." Angela gave a slight smile and blushed as she felt her backside petted.

"No no it's not a big deal, go ahead and head home and do some warm ups before we start practicing, I won't be long at all." She wagged her finger playfully before giving Angela a light push forward.

"Well, alright then, don't take too long or I might get lonely." The red head gave a playful wiggle of her hips before walking on ahead.

Elizabeth watched her lover walk towards the dorm, once she was out of sight the cheerful look on her face contorted to an angry scowl as she looked to the side. "This better be good..."

"I told you before that it was a poor idea to get involved with someone, Elizabeth." An older gentleman looking to be in his late 50's spoke the words as he stepped out of the shadows of the trees. His long black trench coat covered the majority of his body, his hand resting on a large brimmed hat as he held it in place on his head while a gust of wind picked up.

Growling under her breath she folded her arms. "I have a fucking cell phone, a text message would of sufficed. You didn't have to show up while I was with Angela!"

The man gave a nod as he turned away from the young woman. "We need to talk Elizabeth, come along."

"Old man I have plans, I told you that last night." She barked out the words as she defiantly began to walk away.

"Elizabeth!" His commanding tone made her stop in her tracks. "I said we need to talk, don't make this turn into a big head ache."

"Ugh, Fine!" She spun around and stomped off into the glade of trees along the outskirts of the path. The two of them walked for several minutes until they came to a clearing. Elizabeth leaned up against a tree and gave an exaggerative hand gesture. "Spit it out."

The older man removed his brimmed hat and looked up into the clearing of the trees, his somewhat long gray hair swaying from the cold winter breeze in the air. "It's about last night..."

"What about it?" she looked away with a bored look on her face.

"Did the target say anything... strange?"

"No he didn't, it was just the typical beg and or bargain for his life routine." She looked back to the man and quirked an eyebrow. "You've never questioned me on a hit before, James. Tell me the real thing on your mind."

He cleared his throat before speaking calmly "You always were a perceptive one. Fine I'm here to talk to you about your relationship with that woman."

"My relationship with her has nothing to do with you or my job. So why ask me about it?"

"Have you told her anything about your job?"

Elizabeth sighed and placed a finger to her temple. "God damn it James. When did you become so stupid?" She stepped away from the tree and walked over to him. "This is my job, and you may piss me off but I'm a fucking professional. My work stays at the office and my love life stays at home."

"You recently began to train her to fight."

"So what? Is it a crime to see that my lover can take care of herself?" Elizabeth ran her fingers through her hair before poking James right in the chest. "I do NOT appreciate this line of questioning. I've been loyal to the organization for close to 20 years."

"Don't take it personal Elizabeth, The council is just-"

"'I'll take it personal if I want too! You guys have one stray mutt trail away and you get all paranoid. A stray that I caught for you I might add."

"Yes and you know your services are always appreciated and invaluable to us, however I just worry about the path you're going down."

Elizabeth stomped her foot on the ground and turned her back to her associate. "So far in this conversation you've mentioned yourself and the council, so which is it?"

The older gentleman shook his head and placed his hat back on top of it. "Listen, the council is watching you right now, that is all I came to say. Before I was amused by your little antics but-"

Spinning back around to face him she glared at him icily "Antics?!" Gritting her teeth she poked him hard in the chest once more. "You think I'm a fucking kid and this is just a game? I love her, James."

"That's all the more reason for me to worry about you." He spoke the words gently as he placed a hand on the young woman's shoulder. However Elizabeth quickly shrugged it off and stepped away from him.

"Listen to me well James. I can do my job without this getting in the way. I love her but I also respect and love the family I'm in right now. You tell the council until I start fucking up, they can mind their own business."

The older gentleman crossed his arms and gave a deep sigh. "If that is what you wish."

"Damn right it's what I wish," she said the words childishly before giving a broad grin. "I've not opened up to someone in almost a decade. You should be happy for me instead of worrying so much."

James looked up into the clearing of trees once more as he muttered to himself. "Perhaps you're right, I've not loved in almost 30 years since my wife passed."

Folding her arms Elizabeth frowned as she looked him over. "Is that why you stopped taking the injections to halt your aging?"

Cutting his eyes to the young woman he gave a slight smile before turning away from her. "You made me think about my wife for the first time in a long time, I suppose if she were still around she would agree with what you're doing."

Elizabeth gave a sigh and turned away as well. "I can take care of myself brother, but thanks for your concern." With those parting words both figures stepped into the shadows of the trees and vanished.

"You're pretty late." Angela spoke the words slightly winded as she gave one of her rapiers a quick thrust pointing it right at Elizabeth from across the room. Her red hair was slightly damp with perspiration.

"Yeah, I had to deal with a phone call on the way back from the classrooms building."

Holding her other sword in her offhand she swung it in a figure eight pattern, loosely flicking her wrist as the sword swung faster and picked up pace. Elizabeth watched her lover work the blades quickly and efficiently, she had improved dramatically in the past few months. Thinking for a moment Elizabeth finally spoke to her lover, "Hey Angel?"
