 "You think things happen for a reason?"

"Maybe ... do you feel our meeting was fate?"

"I don't believe in fate ... I think we are masters of our own destiny."

"Heh ... for such a timid girl ... you sure sound strong with your words"

".... You think otherwise?"

"... I feel some things ... are inescapable ... no matter how much we struggle"

Angela stood before the door to Elizabeth's dorm, a bright blush on her cheeks as she gripped a small bottle of wine in her hand. She had been standing there for a few minutes now, attempting to work the courage up to knock, she had the whole butterfly thing going on in her stomach. "Ok Angela ... just relax ... it's no big deal ..." She swallowed hard before lightly knocking on the door.

"Just a second..." She heard Eli's voice from the other side of the door as she put a hand to her chest, her heart was pounding as she looked down at her feet. Finally the door opened as Angela looked up again with bright red cheeks, Elizabeth was standing there in the same clothes from earlier in the day but she had a light dusting of flour in random spots on her skirt.

"Ah ...I um ...ca-" Angela's words were cut off as Eli wrapped her arms around her neck and kissed the young red head deep and lovingly. With a faint moan Angela pulled closer, her lips pushing eagerly back against Eli's, her one free hand gripping her back as she blushed brightly while returning the kiss.

After several moments Eli finally broke the kiss. "Hmm ... maybe that will fix those jitters you were having ... now come in .." The beautiful blue eyed girl lightly petted Angela's cheek before stepping back inside and heading to the small little kitchen within the room.

"Sorry I got so nervous ..." She apologized as she set the bottle of wine on the counter, her eyes looking over at Elizabeth in the kitchen. The whole room smelled of cooking meat and vegetables.

Eli smiled brightly at her guest, pointing a wooden spoon at her as she stuck out her tongue. "It's ok ... every time you get nervous I will just kiss you ... no matter where we are!" She said it with a childish giggle as she turned back to a pot on the stove, stirring it while humming.

"I brought some merlot ... I hope that's alright." Angela smiled gently, her confidence was slowly returning now that she was in Eli's cheerful presence. She walked up behind her while she was stirring the pot and hugged her from behind while whispering in her ear. "What are you making?"

With a grin Eli placed her one free hand on Angela's hip while she got hugged. "It's a style of stew that has been handed down through several generations." She flicked the burner off and turned to face Angela. "Why don't you have a seat? I will bring it to you... I've also baked some bread for it."

Leaning forward Angela kissed Elizabeth's lips briefly then smiled happily before turning back and moving to the table to have a seat. Soon afterwards Eli brought the bread and stew out and the two of them sat down to the meal with the wine Angela brought.

"You're such an amazing cook ... I wish I could cook this well Eli ..."

"I'm not that good, I just know recipes that have been taught to me from my mother and father."

"Isn't that how all cooks start out? Just learning from their family?"

"Maybe so ... Well if that's the case I will be happy to cook for you anytime!"

Eli swirled the merlot around in her glass while smiling at Angela. They had finished the meal and were just sitting and enjoying one another's company. Angela returned the smile, looking deep into those bright blue eyes.

Noticing Angela's intent stare Eli looked away with a slight blush. "Such a look ... should I be insulted or flattered?"" She grinned at the words as she looked back out of the corner of her eye.

Giggling loudly Angela leaned back in her chair, holding the glass of wine in her hand as she thought back to that meeting in the shower. "It's .... It has only been 2 days right? I feel like it's been so much longer ..." She said the words with a soft blush on her cheeks as she leaned forward, her free hand moving up to lightly stroke Eli's cheek.

Leaning into the soft touch Eli smiled gently with closed eyes, her hands gripping Angela's as she gently kissed the top of her hand. "It does feel like much longer ... but yes it's been two days ..."

Angela grinned as her hand was kissed. "I'm so happy you came into my life Elizabeth ..."

Looking into her emerald eyes Eli squeezed her hand gently. "Me too Angel ..."

Standing up and releasing Eli's hand, Angela walked over to the other side of the table to where Eli was sitting. Putting her hands on her hips she leaned down and looked at Eli with a playful glare. "What did I tell you about the Angel comments young lady?"

With a playful smirk Eli stood up and pulled the young red head into her arms. "Oh ... is my Angel angry now?" She leaned in and whispered the words before lightly nipping at her ear. "Hum ... you can always try to make me stop saying it ..."

Angela blushed a bright red at the feel of her ear being tugged and the hot breath on it as Eli whispered. "Ahh .... Y-you know I just might ..." She grinned and playfully pushed Eli away from her with a pout.

Eli stepped back and put a hand on her hip, looking the girl over that pushed her. "Oh I see ... so that's how it's gonna be eh?" She said it with a playful tone in her voice but turned to face away with her arms crossed.

Angela started to rub her hands up and down Eli's back, her nails digging in slightly as she lay her cheek between Eli's shoulder blades. "Oh don't be angry ... you know I was only playing ..." She moved her hands down to Eli's hips, rubbing them slowly.

Feeling Angela's hands exploring her body Eli bit her lower lip, she felt her heart pick up pace while Angela hugged her closer from behind. The red heads soft breasts were pushing right into her back as well. "Ahh ... I-it's fine ... you know I can't be angry with you ..."

"Eli ... turn around and look at me ..." She whispered the words softly. As soon as the blue eyed girl turned to face her Angela pushed her lips up against Eli's, kissing her deeply as her nails dig into her hips while she clings to her.

Eli could not help but moan lightly against those soft sweet lips, her heart was fluttering as she gripped Angela's shoulders and slowly broke the kiss to catch her breath. "Ahh ... when did you get so aggressive.. not that I mind ..." She tried to give her cocky little grin but her heart was pounding and her cheeks were bright red just like the other girl.

Angela lightly trailed her fingers along Eli's hips as she whispered softly with a blush while looking downward. "I .. I've never been with another girl ... but I want to be with you ... something about you just makes me want to be close to you ... I'm sorry if this seems silly but-"

Her words were cut short by Elizabeth's lips as she kissed her deep and passionately, her hands gripping her shoulders as she held this beautiful woman in her arms while kissing her deeply. After several moments she broke the kiss and looked into those beautiful green eyes. "Don't worry ... I will take care of you ..." She whispered the words gently as she walked with the young woman into the bedroom.

Her resolve quickly waned and Angela began to fidget as she grabbed the hem of her skirt and blushed brightly while looking away. "Ah ... w-wait ... what if I'm not any good! ... please be patient with me ... I don't want you to -" her words were cut off by the feel of Eli's lips against her own. She blushed deeply and melted into the kiss, clinging to her as she let out a faint moan of happiness.

Setting her down on the edge of the bed, Eli broke the kiss and began to kiss down her beautiful lover's throat. Angela let out a soft giggle as she closed her eyes and blushed brightly. "ahh ... i-it tickles ..." She sighed out happily while giggling now and then as she felt Eli's hands exploring her body, rubbing along her stomach and sides.

"I love the taste of your skin lover ..." Eli said it gently as she gave a soft flick of her tongue against Angela's throat. The young woman blushed brightly hearing the words 'lover' and then gasped with a soft unexpected moan as she felt a hand lightly grasp her right breast through her shirt and bra.

Angela grunted lightly and blushed as she let out a moan while watching her lover rub at her breast. Both of her soft mounds being played with now as Eli grinned up at her like a kid playing with her favorite toy. "U-ugn ... ahhnn ... s-sorry if they are not that ... big compared to yours ... mmphh .." She grunted out an apology as she moans again.

"Don't be silly ... they are beautiful ... I want to see more of them." Eli whispered the words as she grinned up at Angela's bright red cheeks. Her hands slowly unbuttoning her blouse as her lover bit her lower lip and offered no resistance. With the last flick of a button Eli opened her blouse. Revealing the soft mounds still secure in their bra. She gripped at them gently and began to rub at them again. Squeezing them softly as Angela moaned out lightly, the thin white cloth did little to protect them while they were squeezed.

"T-that ...ugn ... not so rough ... t-those are attached you know ..." she said it with a slight grin as Eli mauled at her mounds. One of her hands sliding into her lover's hair as she lightly stroked through the long blonde locks. "Ah ... my whole body feels hot ... I ... I love how you touch me .." She said it with a soft gasp as she felt Eli's hands slip behind her and unsnap her bra.

Angela panicked a little as she felt the clasp of her bra loosen. "A-ah ... d-don't look its embarrassing damn it!" She tried to cover herself but Eli just grabbed her arms and smiled brightly.

"Not like I haven't seen them before ..." She said it with a playful tone in her voice as her lover bit her lower lip hard while Eli stripped off her open blouse and then pulled her bra down, revealing her plump breasts and hard little nipples.

Angela grunted weakly and covered her breasts while blushing. "Ahh ... I-its different now ... you didn't have that look ... it makes my heart pound when you look at me like that!" She whimpered lightly as Eli grasped her arms and gently pulled them away to reveal her again.

"It's ok ... I won't bite them or anything ... you want me to stop?" Angela bit her lower lip hard and shook her head slowly in response. Eli gave a cute smile as she looked up at her with her beautiful blue eyes and leaning down she used her hot wet tongue to slowly slide it along the tip of her lover's nipple, circling it lightly before giving a soft flick against the hard little peak.

With a moan Angela arched her back in response. Her teeth grit as she looked down to see this beautiful woman flicking her tongue along her nipple. "Ahh ... t-that feels so good ..." She panted out the words as she gripped at Eli's hair weakly and bit her lower lip harder.

Looking up at her while getting her hair tugged Eli flicked her hot tongue up and down against the hard little spot, then parting her lips slightly she pushed her mouth over the tip. Angela let out a soft grunt as she squeezed her eyes shut, feeling her nipple being sucked as she let out a lustful cry of pleasure. "Elizabeth ... ahn ..."

Giving a soft muffled moan Eli sucked gently, her tongue rolling against it in a circular motion as she listened to Angela's moans, feeling her hair get tugged gently before she parted her lips hesitantly. "I told you ... call me Eli ... if you use my full name I will start calling you Angel again ..."

With half lidded eyes Angela shifted her hips while Eli leaned over her. "S-sorry ... I just wanted to call out your name ..." She pulled her lover into her arms and kissed her lips deeply again, her hands grasping at Eli's form fitting top as she began to tug at it to try to get it off her.

Eli giggled and raised her arms, letting her shirt get stripped away as Angela promptly tossed it into the floor and began to explore the curves of her breasts within her black lace bra. "Mmm .... You go from shy to aggressive ... what a confused girl ..." She let out soft grunt as her mounds were pushed together inside her bra, making her cheeks flare up as she watched the young red head man handle her chest. "T-those are attached you know ..." She said it playfully but gasped a bit as they were squeezed.

"I .. I can't let you do all the work. It's not fair if I just sit here and enjoy it ... so I will make you feel good too ..." She looked up at Eli with her green eyes full of determination as she reached around and unfastened her bra. Stripping it away as she swallowed hard and blushed as her lovers full large breasts came into view.

Eli grinned as she watched her determination start to wane as she stared down at her mounds. "You don't have to force yourself ... it's ok to let me take care of you ... I don't mind at all" She gently grabbed her lover by the shoulders and kissed her lips deeply, pushing her bare breasts up against Angela's.

With a gently gasp Angela returned the kiss, closing her eyes as she held close to this beautiful creature that was kissing her. She felt their breasts mesh together as she moaned lightly into Eli's mouth, holding her firmly in her arms as she parted her lips in the kiss, slipping her tongue against her lover's mouth.

Eli parted her own lips, her tongue meeting Angela's as they moaned together, their tongues flicking against one another as both held each other tightly. Angela broke the kiss after several moments and began to kiss down Eli's throat. She reacted by tilting her head to the side as she let her beautiful partner move down to her collar.

Angela flicked her tongue along her flesh. Her hands grasping and scooping up the large soft mounds before her, she hesitated for just a moment then pushed her lips over one of Eli's nipples, sucking it fervently as she let out a soft moan against her flesh.

With a loud gasp at the sudden movement, Elizabeth let out a slow lustful moan. Her fingertips dancing through her lover's hair as she felt her clumsily suckle and roll her tongue against her sensitive nipple. "Unn ... that feels good lover ... I love how you suck on them like that ..." She said it with a grin and a deep blush as she watched Angela move to her other nipple, flicking her tongue against it before pulling it into her mouth to suck on it.

Rolling her tongue against the hard little peak in her mouth Angela blushed brightly, her mind spinning with thoughts but her body driving her to move on. She pulled away and flicked Eli's nipple with her tongue once more then moved back up and kissed her lover deeply.

Angela's hands fumbled with Eli's skirt as she broke the kiss and began to tug it down off her hips. With a soft blush Eli raised her hips to let her skirt be pulled away, leaving her sitting on the bed in nothing but her black lace panties.

"This seems a little unfair ..." Eli said it with a playful grin as she suddenly grabbed Angela and grasped her skirt, tugging it down off her hips as the young red head blushed brightly. "Hmm ... that's better ..." She said it with a loving playful tone as her fingertips trailed up her lovers legs. Sliding along her inside thigh as Angela bit her lower lip hard and gripped the bed sheets while watching.

Giving that cocky little grin Eli suddenly pushed Angela onto her back. Her breasts jiggled a little as she hit the mattress. "Ahh! .. w-what are you doing??" She asked with blushed cheeks as she tried to sit up to see. Eli pushed her back down onto her back as she leaned over her, kissing her lips lovingly as her right hand moved between her lover's legs, her middle finger gently rubbing up and down the front of her panties.

Squirming gently on the bed Angela let out a soft moan while kissing Eli, her hips jerking slightly in time with the finger prodding and rubbing at her. She broke the kiss and gasped quietly as she looked up at Eli with bright red cheeks. She knew right where to touch to make her react how she wanted, the tip of her finger grinding at Angela's clitoris through her slightly damp panties.

Angela gnashed her teeth, her mind flooding with thoughts as she laid there looking up at this beautiful woman that was working her body so easily. She grit her teeth and squeaked out another moan before moving her right hand up and grabbing at Eli's panties, her middle finger rubbing along the front of her panties as she panted.

Eli let out a little grunt and smiled down at her. "Mmm ... there goes that confusion again ..." She reaches out with her free hand and grasps her lovers hand, pushing her fingers into her own clitoris. "uhnn ... t-touch me here ... " She pulled her hand away and blushed as she felt Angela's fingers push hard against her spot through her panties. "Y-yes ... right there ... guh!! ... n-not so hard though ...be ... gentle ..." She bit her lower lip and gave Angela's clit a very light pinch.

With a blissful cry Angela cried out happily at the sudden pinch. Her fingers mimicking the action as she tugged at Eli's sensitive little place, producing a similar effect from her lover. Both women continued to please and cry out for one another as their fingers worked faster and faster.

"A-angel ... you ... are so beautiful ..." Eli gasped the words out, her fingertips now slick and wet as she prodded and rubbed faster at her lovers spot.

Gazing up as she panted and blushed brightly Angela pinched at her lovers spot, grinding it gently between her fingers through the panties. "Ahh ... ahh ... Eli ..." She grit her teeth and blushed heavily as tears started to form in her eyes.

"Y-you ... don't have to hold it back ... let's do it together lover .." Eli whispered the words then kissed her beautiful lover deeply, her fingers grinding at Angela's sensitive little spot.

Angela kissed back hard and roughly, moaning against Eli's lips as her fingers rubbed slightly rough against Eli's clit through her panties. Finally she broke the kiss with a deep heaving pant then cried out happily with tears trickling down her cheeks as her body gave in to the pleasure. She felt her walls clench and contract hard inside her as her orgasm raked her body violently.

Eli grit her teeth hard. The soft beautiful cries of her lover and the rough playing of her fingers more than enough to push her limits to the edge. "Oh ... fuck ... Angela ..." She grunted softly then kissed her deep and passionately, moaning against her sweet lips as she felt the pleasure burn through her body, her love soaking into her panties as she broke the kiss and panted deeply with bright red cheeks.

Slumping down, Eli collapsed into her lover's arms panting gently as her chest heaves up and down. Her breasts pushed against Angela's as her forehead rests next to her own. Both of them panted weakly as they held each other close, coming down off their lustful high as they began to kiss one another deeply. Fingers slipping through each other's hair as they both smiled against one another's lips.

"You.. are.. amazing ..." Angela whispered the words in between kisses while holding close to the beautiful girl in her arms.

Eli grinned and trailed a fingertip along Angela's cheek. "Who said we are done? I want to make you feel really good lover ..." She finished the statement as she slowly peeled her own soaked panties off, then grasped Angela's bringing them down as well as the young red head laid there with bright red cheeks.

"W-wha??" Angela tried to weakly protest but didn't have the energy to. She bit her lower lip as Eli sat down in front of her.

"I want to fuck you my beautiful Angel ..." Eli said with bright red cheeks as she grabbed Angela's left leg.

"F-fuck?!? I-I don't think you're built to do that!" Angela said it with a panic in her voice as she watched Eli slide a leg under her knee while holding it. "Err .. w-what are you doing?" She asked curiously while blushing brighter.
