 As she drove home that morning, Wanda Catron was a confused woman. The emotions in her heart and the thoughts in her mind were at war, and all she could do was wait and see which side won.

Wanda was 18, and just out of school. Never a strong student, Wanda had decided to take a year off from schooling. She was working at the local Wal-Mart, and it was there that her current confusion had started.

She was cashiering earlier that day when her favorite teacher, Ms. Franklin, came through her line. Ms. Franklin had been her English teacher in 10th and 11th grade at Independence High, and was a very beautiful woman as well.

Her blonde hair hung to her shoulders, and was currently swept off her face by a ponytail. She was young for a teacher, only 28, and dressed like the kids off the BYU Campus. Today's apparel consisted of a short blouse, hanging just above her belly button, and hip hugger capris. Her belly button was adorned with a small diamond, and through her tight shirt, Wanda thought she could see the outline of nipple rings.

Wanda immediately shook that thought out of her mind as she checked out Ms. Franklin. As she worked, she made the usual small talk ... How are you, what have you been doing, anything new, etc. Ms. Franklin, Wanda knew, was unmarried, and Wanda had spent many an evening at Ms. Franklin's home, getting special tutoring to improve her grades. Ms. Franklin had taken a special interest in Wanda as well, though she had not told the teenager about that interest yet.

Wanda was a beautiful woman herself. Short, at 5-5, but bosomy, with 38c breasts and a large butt as well. Wanda was a Puerto Rican-American mix, as her father had married a Puerto Rican in New York before moving to Utah. Wanda's looks came from her mother, though. Her father had died six years before, and Wanda lived at home with her younger brother and sister.

As Wanda and Ms. Franklin talked, catching up, Wanda finished checking and bagging her groceries. "That's $56.79, Ms. Franklin," Wanda announced when completed.

Ms. Franklin paid Wanda, then said, "Wanda, what time are you off work today?"

"5:30, Ma'am," wanda said.

"Please, dear, would you come over and have dinner with me tonight?" Ms. Franklin said. "I've enjoyed talking with you again, and I'd love to continue this conversation later."

"I'd love to, Ms. Franklin," Wanda gushed. In truth, she had enjoyed seeing her favorite teacher again, as well.

"You remember where I live?"

"Yes, Ms. Franklin, I remember."

"OK. See you about 6 tonight, And please, Wanda, call me Anne."

"I will, Ms. Franklin ... Anne. See you tonight."

All the rest of the say, Wanda's mind whirled with excitement. Her favorite teacher had invited her to dinner. Wanda idly wondered if the rumors about Ms. Franklin ... Anne ... were true.

Wanda had reason to wonder. Two years before, she had determined that she, Wanda Catron, was a lesbian. During lunch, when she could remember more vividly, Wanda's mind flowed backwards to her sexual beginnings ....

Wanda had tried having boyfriends. She dated a series of different boys her first two and a half years of high school. Despite the variety of boys available to her, she was never satisfied with them. Not their kisses, not their pawing attempts to feel her growing breasts, nor their sexual innuendos in their cars during dates.

The closest she ever came to sex with one of these boys was the time she jacked Tommy Bigelow off. But even as his penis grew in his hands, and all too quickly spilled its seed over her fingers and her hastily-grabbed handkerchief, Wanda found no satisfaction.

In fact, her mind wandered over to her best friend, Nancy Stanton. Nancy had been over to Wanda's for a study night the previous Tuesday, and the teens' talk, as always, turned to boys. Nancy wanted to date boys, but was shy. She always found herself hanging out with Wanda and whatever boyfriend Wanda had that month.

"Wan, how do you get so many boys interested in you," Cara asked.

"I don't know," was Wanda's reply. "They love kissing me, and I think they expect more than kisses back, but I don't really want to ... you know ... yet." Wanda's face was turning red, a common occurrence when Nancy and she spoke of boys.

"Oh, come on, Wan. Boys like kissing you?" Nancy was skeptical.

"They must, Nan," Wanda replied. "They kiss me a lot."

"What's that like? Kissing a boy?"

"Every one of them are different, Nan. Some of them kiss so hard, it feels like they're pushing my lips through my teeth. Some of them open their mouths so wide, I think they're trying to swallow my nose. And some of the kisses I can barely feel, they're so gentle."

"How do you like to be kissed?" Nancy asked.

"Oh god, Nan. I can't really describe it. I like a little pressure, not too much. I like lips slightly apart, but I like it when I get to increase the kiss, not when they think they should. I like to be held just right, and ... damn, I can't explain it all."

Nancy just smiled at her best friend. "Wanda," she said. "If you can't describe it, maybe there's another was to let me see how you like to be kissed."

"Nancy!!!" Wanda said, shocked at the sudden thought. "Do you mean what I THINK you mean?"

Nancy scooted closer to Wanda on the couch. Her eyes locked on Wanda's, and she smiled at her best friend. Nancy unconsciously licked her lips, and took Wanda's hands in her own.

"Yes, Wan," she said. "Show me how you like to be kissed."

Wanda pulled her hands out of Nancy's. "Are you sure?"

Nancy only nodded.

Wanda put her hands on Nancy's shoulders, and pulled her best friend closer. She tipped Nancy's head slightly, lowered her mouth, and started kissing her best friend. The kiss started softly, the two best friends got used to each other's lips. Slowly, Wanda increased the pressure, and slid her lips slightly apart. Nancy followed Wanda's lead, and opened her mouth as well.

Wanda's tongue slid past their lips, licking the inside of Nancy's mouth softly. Wanda probed her friend's teeth, and then danced her tongue around Nancy's. Their arms drew their bodies closer together, and Wanda's breasts mashed into Nancy's, as the kiss continued. Nancy moaned, and Wanda found she was moaning as well.

Although she didn't really want to, Wanda broke the kiss off. She held her best friend in her arms, but scooted back a couple inches to break the body contact. She looked at Nancy, then said "That's how I want to be kissed."

"Oh, god, me too!" Nancy exclaimed, causing both girls to break into laughter, snapping the spell they had been weaving together.

Later on, Wanda found that she had soaked her panties through with that kiss. Though she had never kissed Nancy again, that had been the start. Wanda, after her experience with Tommy, searched out the girl school rumor said was a lesbian. This girl, Betty Grant, enjoyed her friendship with Wanda, and eventually enjoyed sex with Wanda.

Betty and Wanda had an 18-month relationship, but Betty had left for college a month earlier. Wanda remembered the game she and Betty played together, trying to pair off teachers sexually in their minds. Ms. Franklin had always been one Wanda could not pair off. She had been very professional with Wanda during their tutoring sessions, but Wanda could sense something different. Nothing had come of those senses, however, so Wanda had forgotten about them ... until now.

Wanda parked her car, strode to Anne's door and knocked. After work, Wanda had run home, showered, and slipped on a black dress, mid-thigh, with matching bra and panties, and black pumps. She was startled when Anne opened the door wearing a red cami blouse and matching red leather skirt. Her legs were encased in red fishnet stockings, and she wore black shoes with two-inch stiletto heels.

"Come in, Wanda," Anne said. "Dinner is almost ready. We have just enough time to open a bottle of wine and have a glass before dinner."

"I'm not old enough to drink," Wanda protested slightly.

"But you do drink, don't you?"

"Yes, but only beer so far."

"Then allow me to introduce you to wine. It's a marvelous drink and a perfect dinner companion."

Anne led Wanda into the kitchen, and pulled a white Zinfandel from the refrigerator. Deftly handling the cork remover, Anne opened the wine and poured two glasses. She handed one to Wanda.

"To the start of a better friendship, not just as teacher/student, but as equals," Anne toasted. Wanda reached her glass over, clinked hers on Anne's, and drank.

After their glasses were emptied, Anne led Wanda into the dining room. She instructed her guest to refill the wine glasses while she got dinner. Candles were already placed on the table, glowing softly.

As the women ate their meal of pork sirloin chops, potatoes, and asparagus, they caught up with their lives. Anne knew about the close friendship Wanda had had with Betty, and asked about her. When Wanda explained that Betty had left to go to school in Florida, Anne just smiled.

"Betty was always very smart," Anne said. "I'm glad she's gone off to school. But what about you? Why are you still home?"

Wanda explained that she was working for a year, then starting school, and Anne nodded. She refilled Wanda's wineglass whenever it got near empty, and they sat talking long into the night.

Finally, Wanda realized that it was late, and she had to get home. She started to stand, and staggered a couple of steps before sitting back into her chair.

"I don't think I should drive," Wanda said. "How will I get home?"

"Why not spend the night here?" Anne offered. "You can call your mother, so she won't worry."

Wanda did just that. One phone call later, Wanda was Anne's houseguest.

Anne came around the table and helped Wanda stand,. they moved down the hall, and turned into Anne's bedroom. A king-sized bed dominated the center of the room, and Wanda started protesting.

"I can't displace you from your bed," she said. "This is your house."

"Nonsense," Anne replied. "Besides, it's a big bed, with plenty of room for both of us."

Anne's hands moved to Wanda's waist, and Wanda slowly turned to her former teacher. Their eyes locked, and Anne softly said "Share my bed with me, Wanda."

Anne's mouth moved to Wanda's and Wanda opened her mouth willingly to accept the kiss Anne offered. They started slowly, softly, and slowly built up. The kiss grew in intensity, and Wanda felt herself getting very wet. This was the best kiss she had ever gotten, and she felt herself getting weak in the knees, and not from the alcohol, either. Anne was giving her THE KISS, the one Wanda had always dreamed about.

Anne's hands moved behind Wanda. The older woman lowered the zipper on Wanda's dress, undid the black bra, then slowly slid them off the teenager. Wanda, while moving her arms and legs to accommodate Anne's undressing her, remained glued to Anne's lips, their tongues playing happily with each other, darting mouth to mouth. Anne's hands moved up to cup Wanda' breasts, softly pulling at the nipples as they hardened under her touch.

Wanda reached down to start undressing Anne, but the woman stopped her. "Let me take charge," she told Wanda. The teen was beyond caring. She was hot, and wet, and ready for anything Anne may suggest. The kiss had worked, and Wanda didn't care about anything but Anne.

Anne slid the wet thong off Wanda's hips, then finally broke the kiss and dropped to her knees. With her teeth, Anne lowered the thong to the floor, then she looked up to see the nude teenager swaying above her. Anne rose slightly, and thrust her tongue on Wanda's thighs. Anne tasted the wetness already flowing out of her guest, and smiled as more dribbled out of Wanda's labia.

Wanda fell backwards, her legs no longer able to support her. She fell onto the bed, and found it to be very soft. The teen spread her legs wide, and Anne took the message and dove between them, her tongue touching closer and closer to Wanda's wet lower lips.

Wanda was close to an orgasm already, and Anne had barely even started on her. The teen used all her remaining willpower to hold off her orgasm a little longer, as the older woman used her fingers to spread open Wanda's pussy lips. Anne gently blew into Wanda, causing the teen to shudder in joy. Anne traced her tongue around Wanda's lips, causing the teen to shudder harder.

Finally Anne drove her tongue deep into Wanda's pussy, and released the lips. they closed on Anne's face, burying her tongue deep in Wanda. The teen could hold out no longer. She lifted her hips off the bed, screamed in joy, and came. Her orgasmic release flooded over Anne's face, and as it started, Anne moved her fingers to play with the teen's clit, pulling and pinching to give the teen more pleasure.

As Wanda slowly regained her composure after the orgasm, she realized the Anne had not stopped. Her face was buried, deeply between Wanda's legs, as her tongue was still darting in and out of the wet pussy, her fingers were pinching and pulling at her clit, and her moans were buried by Wanda's thighs.

When Wanda and Betty had made love, they had brought their partner to orgasm, then switched places. Never had Betty worked on Wanda's pussy after orgasm, as Anne was. Wanda felt the familiar urges of orgasm building again, and she came, harder than the first time. Still Anne did not stop, and soon a third and fourth orgasm flooded Wanda's mind and body. 

After the fourth orgasm, Anne moved off the bed. Through tired eyes, Wanda looked at the woman in surprise. Anne was still fully dressed, though her clothes were rumpled from lying on the bed. Wanda watched in fascination as Anne removed her blouse, revealing 34b breasts with large erect nipples, adorned with a small ring through each nipple. Anne unzipped her leather skirt and lowered it, and Wanda gasped. Instead of panties and pantyhose, as the teen had thought she was wearing, Anne had a red garter belt holding up her red fishnet stockings, and no panties on at all.

Anne kicked off her stiletto-heeled shoes, and climbed back on the bed. She stood strattling Wanda, then slowly lowered her pussy until it rested just above Wanda's mouth. Wanda's tongue moved quickly, licking the pussy and finding it very wet. She probed deeper with her tongue, then added a finger into her former teacher. Wanda reached up and pulled on the nipple rings, and Anne gasped. A second pull, and Anne was on the verge of cumming herself.

To take her mind temporarily off her impending orgasm, Anne lowered herself down Wanda's body. Her mouth returned to Wanda's pussy, and the women engaged in a 69, with Wanda plunging two then three fingers into Anne's pussy while Anne focused on sucking the life out of Wanda's clit.

Anne finally gave in and came, and in a surprise for Wanda, she squirted juices from her pussy onto Wanda's face. As she came, she bit down on the teen's clit, causing Wanda to orgasm again. Then Anne climbed off Wanda, reached under her pillow, and handed Wanda a double-headed dildo.

Wanda took the toy and shoved it into Anne's pussy. The older woman shuddered and came again. Wanda maneuvered the dildo in and out, pushing it deeper with each thrust. When she could insert no more of the dildo into Anne, she climbed on the remaining head, and filled herself until the women's pussy lips touched around the toy. Then each fucked the toy, trying to keep contact with the other at the same time.

All too soon, the women came again, together this time. Wanda collapsed, thoroughly sated by the lovemaking. Anne pulled the toy out of the teen, then out of herself. She crawled around and took Wanda in her arms. As the teen fell asleep, her last conscious thought were how wonderful Anne's lips were on her own.

In the morning, the women woke together, arm in arm. After kissing passionately for several minutes, Anne reluctantly broke free and cooked breakfast. Wanda then drove home, her emotions flooding her mind.

By the time she got home, she had made her decision. She picked up the phone and dialed.

"Anne?" she said. "This is Wanda. I'd love to come over again tonight for dinner. I don't think we quite finished what we were talking about, and I'd like the opportunity to continue our ... conversation."

As she hung up, a big smile was on Wanda's face.