 *A few notes for this chapter. I've tried to clean up the dialog a bit, so hopefully you won't see "as" appearing quite so frequently. Additionally I've changed the nickname Eli, to Ellie. Seems more appropriate since the current one sounds like E-lie. :3

Anyhoo I hope you enjoy this chapter.*



The afternoon sun had all but set as Elizabeth and Angela slowly walked through the campus arm in arm. Angela clung to her lovers arm while smiling brightly up at her while speaking softly. "I want you to walk me home like this every day."

Elizabeth grinned at the young girl clinging to her, before leaning down to kiss her forehead lightly while whispering, "Of course Angel, your wish is my command."

Angela pouted playfully as she lightly gave Ellie a push. "If you keep calling me an angel, then I'm going to start calling you a demon." She said it childishly as she stuck her tongue out.

"The guys already call me that anyway." Elizabeth shrugged as she replied to the statement.

"That's not very fun, you're supposed to have a reaction." Angela grumbled playfully as they continued to walk until they reached her dorm room.

"Well here we are." Elizabeth spoke to her lover as her fingertips danced through her short crimson hair.

Angela blushed as her hair was played with, and smiled lovingly at Elizabeth as her hands clasped the other woman's. "Come in," She whispered, as she began to back up into the open doorway of her dorm.

Blushing at the pulling of her hands, Elizabeth took a step forward as she spoke in a stammer from the aggression she felt from Angela. "Erm, I've not gotten the wine yet though."

Glaring at Elizabeth, Angela gripped her lover's hands and took another step back into her dorm. "You know it's not the wine I want." She spoke the words seductively and full of confidence.

"Well yes I know but I prom- gack!" Her statement was cut short as Angela forcefully yanked her into the dorm and shut the door behind her.

Elizabeth blushed at the sudden force her lover used to drag her in, hearing the door slam behind her in the pitch black room. "Angel, you are so confused, going from timid to dominant so easily." After finishing the statement she felt her body pushed up against the door in the dark before the sensation of what could only be her angel's lips pushing against her own.

Moaning softly into the kiss in the darkness Elizabeth reached up to tangle her fingers into her lover's locks of hair, returning the passionate kiss as her other hand drifted down to squeeze at Angela's back side, rubbing and massaging her ass slowly in the pitch black.

Grunting lightly against the squeezing, the red head forced her tongue past the lips of her lover. Forcing her into a deeper kiss as her body clung to Ellie's, her smaller breasts pushed right up against the larger ones of her partner.

Ellie gasped suddenly as she felt Angela's tongue dart into her mouth, her own tongue reacting to the intrusion as she returned the messy kiss while sighing lustfully against her angel's lips.

Both their hands grasped and explored one another's bodies in the darkness as they kissed and held one another. Finally after several moments Angela broke the kiss, withdrawing her tongue from Ellie's mouth as she panted softly, and moved her hands up to rub at her lover's plump full breasts as she sighed happily. "Mmm ... sorry, I just couldn't wait to taste your lips again and touch your body." She said the words drunkenly as her hands continued to massage her lovers soft mounds.

The young blonde grunted while she blushed deeply, feeling her sensitive breasts squeezed and rubbed while her lover spoke in the darkness. Elizabeth's own breath was quickened as well, her body reacting to the stimulation as she spoke in a lustful whisper, "You seem to be quite aggressive tonight angel..."

Only silence followed Elizabeth's words, and a few moments later she felt hands fumbling with the buttons of her own shirt as it was forced open and stripped off her in the darkness, before soft, warm lips began to kiss along her exposed breasts that peaked out from the top of her bra.

"This is so hot," the young blonde woman said as she took in a deep breath through clenched teeth. She felt her bra slipped down to expose one of her nipples, her voice gasping as she felt Angela begin to suckle on it. The warmth of her lover's lips, and the feel of her hot tongue slowly caressing the sensitive little peak was almost too much to bare. 

Angela eagerly sucked at Ellie's nipple, almost as if nursing it for milk. Her hands moved to her lover's backside in the darkness, she unclasped the bra and stripped it away, giving full access to the large mounds as one of her hands began to rub at the unattended nipple, pinching at it ever so lightly, as her tongue rolled and circled her current object of desire.

A sudden, sharp gasp rang through the dark room as Elizabeth felt her nipple pinched. "Ahhn! Angela, not so rough," She protested but her whole body was burning from the attention, she could easily feel her panties were drenched from her eagerness, and from being dominated by of her lover.

Pulling away from Ellie's nipple, Angeal grasped her lovers hands again as she walked backwards into the dark room. Elizabeth followed blindly, not knowing the layout of the unfamiliar home.

"You like it in the dark like this don't you?" Angela's words rang out as Ellie felt herself suddenly forced down onto what felt like a sofa.

"W-well, I've never done it in total darkness like this," she replied and bit her lower lip as she felt her skirt being pulled up, and her drenched panties slip down her hips and off her legs.

She felt the weight shift on the sofa from someone sitting next to her, then the familiar sensation of her lover's lips meeting her own came. Elizabeth moaned happily into the kiss in the darkness, her hands reaching out to rub at Angela's back slowly, feeling bare skin that indicated she was already stripped of her own top and bra.

Breaking the kiss slowly Angela forced her right hand down between her lovers legs as she leaned on her. She enjoyed the loud sharp yelp of pleasure she heard from Elizabeth as her fingers began to course slowly against the young blonde woman's spot.

"Aggh! F-fuck, for you to be new at this you sure are good at it in the dark!" Elizabeth grunted out the words lustfully as her hips bucked upwards, reacting to the prodding and rubbing of her sensitive clitoris.

Angela nibbled at her lover's ear in the darkness before speaking into it slowly. "You may be my first woman, but I know all about pleasing myself in the darkness, I figure it's about the same for you." After finishing the statement she gave Ellie's spot a very soft tug with her fingers.

Elizabeth gave out a blissful cry of happiness from the light tug on her spot. Her body was on fire and screaming for the building release as she felt her spot being worked faster, and more aggressively. "Yes! Fuck yes, please, make me cum Angel!" She pleaded with her invisible lover in the darkness, her nails digging into Angela's back.

Angela grunted from the painful sensation of Ellie's nails, they were digging in hard and she moved closer, clinging to her body to get away from the pressure. "Alright, give it to me." She said the words confidently and forced her thumb against the spot she had been rubbing with her index finger. Her thumb rubbed it hard and even pushed on it as she whispered her order into the ear of her lover. "Give it to me now, Ellie."

It was all too much for her, the forcefulness and the demanding tone in her lover's voice. Elizabeth jerked her hips forward, and her eyes rolled upwards as she let out a loud defeated moan. Her pleasure burned through her body violently hard, she grit her teeth, tears welling up in her eyes from the burning sensation that tore through her.

Blushing in the darkness Angela listened to her lover's cries of pleasure and panting as she felt the quivering, and spasm of her womanhood through the spot where her fingers were resting. "You sound so beautiful when you cum," She spoke the words gently into Ellie's ear as he fingers lightly massaged the slick entrance of her lover, feeling the honey that was trickling out of it, and onto her fingers.

Elizabeth sat there on the sofa, panting softly as her body came down from its high, one hand still resting on Angela's back, the other on the cushion of the sofa, her nails still dug hard into the fabric. She eased the grip on the sofa and pulled her lover closer in the darkness.

Angela blushed at the forceful pull she felt and moved closer, hugging Ellie as she began to place light kisses along her ear and down her neck.

"That tickles my angel," Elizabeth said with a giggle, her hand moving to rub at Angela's ass slowly in the darkness. "That felt amazing, but I think I need to return the favor now."

Blushing brightly Angela felt her ass being grabbed, her hips swaying from the forceful squeezing of her lover's hands. "Ah... Ellie, will you..." Her words trailed off as she bit her lower lip hard from the sensation of hot lips kissing at one of her nipples.

Elizabeth sucked lightly on her lover's nipple, rolling her tongue skillfully against it as Angela cooed out happily. She could already feel fingers locking into her blonde hair as she gave long hard flicks of her tongue against the hard little peak in the darkness.

Grunting and sighing happily, Angela's dominance quickly melted away as her nipples were played with. "Oh, Ellie, Please, I want you to fuck me like you did last night!" She said the words with a heated tone in her voice as she felt her body lowered down onto the sofa.

"You know I will Angel, I would even if you didn't ask me too." She spoke the words full of confidence and authority as she forced the young red head down onto her back and pried her legs apart in the darkness, her fingers exploring the inside of Angela's thigh before find her wet little pussy.

Angela let out a loud gasp as she felt her body being explored in the darkness, not being able to see where things would come from or when. "Please, touch me!" She cried out weakly, her hips jerking shortly after the demand was made, she felt two fingers begin to rub hard against her exposed spot, she cried out blissfully from the skillful work of her lover's fingers.

Elizabeth licked her own lips and prodded and rubbed at her lover's clitoris, her fingers worked against the sensitive little button skillfully as she heard Angela's cries of happiness. "Can't say I will ever get tired of how you sound angel." She spoke the words as she sat on the sofa in front of her lover.

Biting her lower lip, Angela felt her right leg lifted up slightly before feeling Ellie's slip under it. "Y-yes, please, fuck me!" She made the demand impatiently, her chest heaving up and down as she suddenly felt the sensation of Elizabeth's moist, hot folds, push right up against her own. The young read head grit her teeth in response, feeling her hips move involuntarily as she ground hard against her lover's hips in the darkness.

Gritting her teeth Elizabeth felt Angela react immediately by grinding hard against her before she even had a chance to start. The young blonde panted softly as she gripped the cushion of the sofa with one hand, the other on the knee of her lover. Her body was already heating up once more as she felt her lover's hot, wet, pussy, rubbing against her own.

"Y-you like that right?" Angela asked with ragged breath, her body was already releasing a small amount of her pent up lust as she bucked hard against Elizabeth's hips. "Mmm, I've already came a little, but make me cum really hard Ellie!"

Elizabeth blushed at the words, her hand gripping Angela's knee firmly as she began to grind hard back against her lover's hips. "Y-yes, I will Angel, I won't stop until I get it all." 

Both their wet folds rubbed against one another, their clit's grinding hard together as both the young lovers cried out and worked their hips. They could both feel their pent up lust building rather quickly as they made love.

Angela grit her teeth hard, her nails digging into the sofa as she spoke breathlessly. "O-oh Ellie, I think, I'm gonna, cum!"

"M-me too Angel, let's cum, together," Elizabeth grunted out the words as her body started to give in to the heat that was building inside it.

Crying out lustfully Angela gave a final jerk of her hips before her body gave in to the pleasure. The pent up lust in her burned out of her as she cried out happily, tears rolling down her cheeks from the release of the pleasure.

Hearing her lover's cries of pleasure pushed Elizabeth over edge as well, her hips jerking hard a few times before she moaned out. Her teeth clenched as she grunted with each spasm that raked through her body, as her violent orgasm took hold of her.

After the adrenaline filled high faded, Elizabeth fell backwards onto her back, panting heavily as she lay on the sofa, staring up into the blackness of the room, her body was weak and spent from the intense orgasm that went through her.

Angela weakly moved over to Ellie, laying against her as she panted softly, resting her head against one of the soft breasts of her lover. "Oh Ellie, that was, just too good." She said the words weakly as her hand reached up, and stroked her lovers golden locks.

Mustering the strength to embrace Angela, Elizabeth sighed happily and held her close. "That was amazing Angel, I didn't realize you could be so dominant."

Giggling lightly, Angela hugged closer to Ellie and sighed softly. "I don't know what came over me, I just really wanted you."

After several moments of laying there Angela heard a gurgling sound come from Ellie's stomach. "Oh, I suppose I should make something for dinner, neither of us have eaten a thing since lunch."

Blushing brightly in the dark room out of embarrassment Elizabeth stroked her lover's hair slowly. "Yea I guess we are both kind of hungry after what we just finished. I will help you cook Angel"

Angela finally turned on the lights and looked to her lover who was already getting dressed again. "Ellie, can I ask you something?"

"Yes my Angel?" The beautiful blonde gazed back at the young woman with a loving look.

Angela blushed brightly seeing the beautiful woman in the light again after thinking back to what had just transpired. "erm ... ahh..."

Giggling softly Elizabeth stood up and kissed her lover, her nails slowly trailing down Angela's back before breaking the kiss. "Come now, spit it out."

Sighing happily after the kiss, Angela clung tightly to her lover and rested her head against the soft mounds of her chest. "Mmm, what's up with that really big sword I saw in your room?"

Ellie looked at Angela in surprise and grinned. "Oh do you like swords my Angel?"

Angela shook her head slowly before answering. "It's not a matter of liking them or not, it's just its really, really, big!"

Elizabeth chuckled as she stepped away and flexed her arm. "Of course it is, it weighs like two hundred pounds."

Angela shook her head in surprise and thought on it for a moment before speaking. "Holy shit, how can you lift something like that, let alone swing it?"

Looking around the dorm now that the lights were on Elizabeth took in the decoration. The room was simple and very feminine. A few pictures of what she assumed were friends and family adorned the walls. The ordinary room was in stark comparison to hers, it was lined with martial arts weapons and kanji scrolls.

Thinking for a moment Elizabeth looked to her lover who was finishing up her own re-dressing. "Have you ever held a sword in your hand, Angela?" She asked the question cheerfully with a smile.

Looking at her lover Angela pulled her panties back up under her skirt. "Not really, I always considered myself a pacifist." She spoke casually as she tied her hair back and continued, "Isn't it just another weapon to kill people with?"

Elizabeth rubbed her chin in thought as she stepped over to Angela and placed her hands on both her lover's shoulders. "I always thought a sword was a good way to protect ones you loved."

Leaning her head on Elizabeth's chest, she spoke softly. "Ones you love huh?"

"You want to try lifting it?" Elizabeth asked with a grin while holding the red headed beauty in her arms.

Blushing a bit, she playfully pushed at Ellie before speaking happily. "I can't lift that damn thing. It weighs more than I do!"

Elizabeth laughed and began to stroke her fingers through the red locks of hair on the girl clinging to her. "Maybe you need something lighter, but still durable and sharp."

Angela nuzzled into her lover's embrace, closing her eyes as she enjoyed the stroking of her hair. "Maybe..."

Lifting Angela's face with a finger, Elizabeth gave her a soft kiss on the lips before whispering. "Angela, you know I will protect you, right?"

Returning the kiss with a smile she stared up at those beautiful blue eyes before responding. "Yes, I believe in you."

Bushing at the loving gaze she looked away for a moment with a playful smile. "Well, what if I need protecting, will you protect me as well?"

Laying her head against Ellie's chest once again, Angela smiled gently and nodded her head. "Of course I will, we love each other, so it's only natural to do so..."

Elizabeth held tightly to Angela and petted her hair gently as she sighed gently. "That's right, it's only natural..."