 Angela slowly opened her eyes, stirring from her sleep. The unfamiliar room she was in was bathed in a pale light from the full moon that was clearly visible from the open window. She laid there on her side in Elizabeth's bed, the moon reflecting in her emerald eyes.

"You're awake huh?" A soft familiar voice whispered into her ear as she felt the arms holding her pull her closer, the feel of the young woman's soft mounds pushing into her back as she closed her eyes and smiled.

"How could you tell?" Angela spoke the words gently as she slowly shifted in the bed to turn and face Elizabeth, hugging close to her. Both their naked bodies held close to one another as the moon reflected in her lovers eyes. The reflection created almost a sad gleam to the crystalline blue surface.

Eli smiled and began to rake her fingertips through the soft crimson locks of Angela's hair. "Your breathing changed." She said it with a slight pause before pressing her lips to the other young woman's.

With a contended sigh Angela returned the kiss, her own hand grazing through Eli's long blonde hair, combing through it all the way down her back over and over again.

After several seconds the kiss was broken as the blue eyed girl gave a playful grin. "You are..." her words trailed off for a moment as she got lost in the enchanting emeralds gazing back at her so innocently and lovingly. "You are so beautiful ..."

Angela hid her face by nuzzling at Eli's throat. If it were brighter in the room her blush would be all but evident. "I'm not nearly as beautiful as you are." Pausing for a moment she circled her finger over a few strands of the golden hair she was playing with.

Finger nails raked down Angela's back making her shiver as she let out a light gasp. "You give yourself too little credit Angel" Eli whispered the words with a smile as she felt her lover dig her nails into her own back in reaction.

Both women laid there silently holding one another in the moonlight. Eli danced her fingertips up and down the soft milky skin of her lovers back, enjoying the scent of her hair which tickled her nose lightly. Angela clung tightly to the beautiful woman who was holding her. "Don't call me Angel" She said it with a playful giggle as she nuzzled into her lovers throat once again.

Eli gave a broad grin and lightly patted her lover's firm little ass. "Oh ... you know I won't be happy until you accept that as your nickname."

"You are so stubborn damn it." Angela grumbled but said it happily as she pulled closer, her lips pushing up against Elizabeth's as she kissed her deep and lovingly. Her arms wrapped around her lover's neck as she sighed happily against her lips.

Returning her kiss Eli could not help but let a contended sigh escape her own lips. She loved the way this girl drifted back and forth from timid to possessive.

Several moments passed while the two of them kissed deeply. Finally Angela parted her lips from Eli's and clung tighter to the young blonde woman holding her. "I can't believe we only just met ... It seems like I have known you my whole life." Her voice started to trail off as the comforting embrace began to take its toll on her tired body

Smiling gently Elizabeth held onto the girl in her arms, her nails raking up and down her back slowly as she hummed gently in her ear. Soon Enough Angela was fast asleep once again, her arms clinging tightly to the one holding her.

"Sleep soundly my beautiful angel" Eli whispered the words as she held Angela in her arms, gazing up at the full moon outside of the window as she spoke somewhat sadly. "I just pray you can forgive me for making your life exceedingly complicated ..."

The morning came and the girls started their day of class, both attending to their own schedules while periodically texting one another. After several hours the afternoon lead to the end of classes and both went to their teams to train.

"No! That's not right, what's gotten into you today!?" The coach barked her words at Angela as she scolded her for her poor technique on the balance beam. "Your timing and movements are all wrong, you need to swing your legs forward and propel off them ..."

Angela attempted to focus on the instructions but felt her mind wandering once again, thinking back to last night and Elizabeth. Her heart was confused about the entire situation, she did indeed feel amazing things towards this girl but she was a girl. Was this really ok?

Her coach put her hands to her own hips and grumbled as she looked at Angela and realized she was off in her own world. "F-ine ... Angela you go change out and sit on the bench, I will deal with you after practice."

After practice the coach met with Angela outside the gym. "So what's eating at you?" She said it with both curiosity and concern in her voice as the cool autumn air played with the brown locks of the instructor's hair.

Looking away Angela turns away from the green eyes staring at her so intently. "It's nothing coach, I just have a lot on my mind." Her voice was weak and shallow as she felt the older woman's gaze on her.

"We are not in practice right now, you don't have to call me coach."

"Thanks Tasha but I'm fine really, just a lot-"

"Bull shit." Her voice cut off Angela's before the statement could be finished. "Something is weighing on your heart. I can tell because not only is your focus shit but you can't even look me in the eye." Angela swallowed hard as she tried to look up at the other woman's intent gaze. Tasha was staring right at her with a crooked smile on her lips and one hand on her side, as she spoke once again. "Oh I get it ..."

Angela shook her head as she attempted to gain some kind of footing in the conversation. "No it's fine, I just have-" 

"You're in love!" She got interrupted again as Tasha proclaimed the words. Angela blushed brightly and grit her teeth as she looked away. "Is it love or is it lust?" Tasha got a devious look in her eyes as she put an arm around the young girl's shoulders. "So who is this lucky guy? He must be quite a catch to get you so flustered."

Angela could not help but blush as the woman pulled her closer and started talking to her on such a personal level, she felt her tension start to ease a little as she spoke softly. "Coach ... err Tasha, have you ever had feelings for someone, but deep down it felt like you were doing something horrible just for caring about them?"

The look on the older woman's face changed slightly at the words, her eyes looking away for a moment before she pursed her lips in a smile. "Of course I have." She released Angela and walked a few paces forward, her hands clasped behind her back as the autumn breeze kicked her long brown hair about slowly.

"So what did you do? What did you do when your heart was happy but your mind and your morals said it was wrong?" Angela pushed her coach for an answer, feeling the need to be reassured in her own dilemma.

"I ignored my mind and my morals. All I listened to was my heart." Tasha said the words as she turned around and smiled gently at the young red head. "If you love someone and they love you... then nothing else matters."

Her cheeks were now blushing brightly as Angela looked away yet again and clenched her hands in a fist. "Follow my heart" her words trailed off for a moment. "But what if-"

"What if it doesn't work? What if you get hurt?" Tasha spoke up at her student's reluctance. "Don't let fear hold you back from what makes you happy."

"I wish I had your strength Tasha, you're so strong willed."

"My husband tells me the same thing all the time. He used to tell me that back when he used to be a student here when we first started dating."

Angela tilted her head to the side curiously. "So you guys met in this school together?"

"Not quite, but he was already a student here when I moved in with him in his dorm. He talked me into attending here and one thing lead to another and I never left here." The brunette spoke fondly of the memories as she recanted them for her student. 

"You really are an inspiration Tasha. I'm sorry that my performance was lacking today" Angela apologized as she looked up with a slight smile.

"You're a woman, you're allowed to have these types of situations occasionally, just like I am." She shrugged her shoulders. "Besides, I will work you twice as hard tomorrow to make up for it. You won't be worth shit in the competitions if I let you mope about and be emo all day."

Angela stood up straight and nodded her head. "I understand, tomorrow I will make sure to give one fifty percent"

"Oh I will expect at least one eighty" The coach looked at her with a playful grin as she leaned against the wall outside of the gym. "Now go shower and wash off what little sweat you worked up today."

"Yes coach, see you tomorrow." Angela said it as she walked back into the gym, leaving her instructor outside of the gym.

Tasha withdrew her cell phone and began to punch out a text message as she spoke softly "How long are you going to hide around the corner?"

A young golden haired girl who didn't belong to her team stepped out at the words. "I just happened along and heard yo-"

"You heard your lover's voice but didn't know if she was being scolded so you eaves dropped." Tasha grinned at the young woman and sent her text message before snapping her phone closed.

Elizabeth grunted at the playful words. "How did you ..."

The coached wagged a finger playfully "I know a thing or two about forbidden love ... not to mention your coach could not help but ask me about what my student was doing in his weight room kissing his top performer."

Scratching the back of her head Elizabeth turned her gaze towards the floor for a moment. "I could not help myself ... I didn't mean to make her performance suffer though."

"I could care less what you did or did not intend to do. Fact is my best student is now in love with you and confused like hell. I hope you will man up ... or I should say woman up and make sure not to hurt her."

"Of course not!" Elizabeth barked the words out as if insulted by the statement. "I could never hurt Angela."

Tasha grinned at the defensive reaction. "So you say, however you look like you want to ask me something."

The blonde girl sized up this older woman as she put her hands in her pockets. "Well ... what is your oh so terrible forbidden love?"

"Oh not much" She paused as her phone went off, she plucked it out of her pocket and answered it with a bright smile. "Oh hey brother, yes I'm ready to go. I will be there in just a minute." Closing the phone again Tasha smiled. "Oh I'm sorry Eli, we will have to talk about my dirty laundry another day, my husband is here to pick me up."

Quirking an eyebrow at the statement Elizabeth spoke lightly. "You mean your brother right?"

"Of course, I mean my brother." Tasha walked by the student and playfully bumped her hip with her own. "Tell your woman not to worry, there are much more taboo things she could do. I should know"

Elizabeth grunted a bit at the hip bounce and looked back at the coach as she trotted happily to the parking lot. "Is she really a coach? The girl seems more suited to be a shrink if you ask me."

Muttering under her breath Elizabeth walked into the gym and headed to the locker room, however right as she was about to enter Angela stepped back out and came face to face with her.

"Eli, what are you doing here so early?" The red head swallowed down the words hard as she felt her heart immediately react to the sight of her lover as she placed a hand to her own chest.

Elizabeth gave a haughty smile and snatched Angela up into her arms, embracing her as she began to stroke her fingertips through the slightly damp red hair. "I missed you so I skipped the last of practice to see you."

With a bright smile Angela hugged the other woman back tightly, closing her eyes as she pushed her lips to Elizabeth's and kissed her deep and lovingly in reply.

The two women held each other tightly and kissed as if it had been weeks since they saw one another. Finally Angela broke the kiss and looked up at her lover with a confident grin. "Come to my room tonight, I want to make you dinner."

Elizabeth grinned like a little girl and pulled Angela closer to her. "Anything for you Angel, I will even bring some wine."

"Hey brother?"

"Yes Tasha?"

"I was thinking about our days here when we were in school"

"Really now? What about them?"

"Did you think we would ever be married?"

"No, at the time I figured we would just be sent to hell before we turned 25 for what we did."

"Chaz ... tell me you love me."

"I love you Tasha. I love you more with each passing day."

"I love you too brother, and when we get home... I'm gonna love you until you pass out again!"

"Well at least you're waiting until we get home this time..."

"Well now that you mention It, the sun has almost set ... let's just play right now!"