 Angela gripped the hilt of the large blade, letting out a loud grunt as she attempted to lift it from the ground. The base slowly lifted a few inches off the ground before she released it, letting out a dejected sigh as the large weapon fell back to the ground with a thud. "Fuck, it's too damn heavy." She said the words with a winded voice.

Her lover gave a soft chuckle before stepping over to the sword. Gripping it in one hand she hoisted it off the ground and rested the blade against her shoulder. "If you could pick it up I would be shocked Angel, however I'm not sure why you try every time you come over."

Crossing her arms over her chest, Angela glared playfully at Elizabeth before muttering quietly, "I think you're cheating somehow, that's why. That thing weighs more than you do."

Grinning broadly at her crimson haired lover, Elizabeth set the sword against the wall before stepping over to Angela, embracing her gently. "Maybe I am, it's a secret though," she said the words playfully while raking her fingers through the short crimson locks.

Leaning her head against Ellie's chest, Angela sighed softly while her hair was being stroked. "A secret huh?" she whispered the words while wrapping her arms around the others waist, her face moving upwards as she kissed the waiting lips of the woman she loved.

Elizabeth returned the kiss, her nails raking down Angela's back slowly, pulling the young red head closer as she deepened the kiss.

Angela gave a soft moan into the passionate kiss, then a soft gasp as she felt her ass being grabbed. "Really Ellie, we just finished a few hours ago..." she whispered the words while blushing brightly, feeling her backside being squeezed and massaged by the other woman's hands.

Staring down into the emerald eyes of her lover, Elizabeth sighed happily and pulled her closer while whispering softly, "I can't help it, I'm addicted to you."

Blushing brighter, Angela snuggled closer to Elizabeth, raking her fingers through the silky blonde hair. "We have been dating almost 3 months now, I would've thought you would slow down a bit, but you're still attacking me almost every day."

Laughing softly the blonde woman slipped her fingertips under the chin of her love, lifting her face to stare into her eyes once more. "Any complaints?" she said with a devious grin.

Angela slowly shook her head before kissing the blue eyed girl again. "Mmm... nope, not a one, just try not to break me," she said playfully, after parting from the kiss.

Perking up a bit, Elizabeth grinned and stepped away from Angela. "Oh that reminds me, I had something made for you!" she said excitedly, like a little girl about to get her own gift.

Tilting her head to the side, Angela put a hand on her own hip before speaking playfully, "Judging by the way you're reacting, I bet it's something naughty, like that see through bra and thong you bought me last week."

Elizabeth grinned and slunk off into her bedroom and returned shortly with a box that appeared to be the length of a small broom and the width of a shoe box, it was wrapped up in a glossy silver paper. "Ok here it is!" She spoke the words gleefully before passing the box off to her lover.

The young red head blinked a few times while holding the oddly shaped gift box. Looking up she bit her lower lip slightly at the look her partner was giving her. "You look like you want to have sex and I've not even opened it yet. I swear if you had a tail it would be wagging right now." She spoke the words with blushing cheeks, before sitting down on the couch to unwrap the gift.

Sitting down next to her, Elizabeth smiled happily as she watched Angela tear away the silver wrapping paper. "No no, it's nothing perverted I swear," She cooed out the words happily while bouncing slightly on the cushions of the couch.

Tearing free the paper Angela revealed a long wooden box with a hinged lid. Lifting the lid she found two long bladed swords, they were laid across from one another, the tip of each blade facing the hilt of the other. "W-what is this?" she spoke the words in surprise, her hand dipping into the box to withdraw one of the swords.

"It's something I had made for you, they're custom designed just for you my Angel!" Elizabeth spoke the words happily while watching her lovers reaction to the weapons.

Angela held the sword up, examining the weapon. The hilt had a cuffed guard that was decorated in what looked to be two large feathered wings stretched out. The blade it's self seemed to be all of three feet in length and the metal gave off a blue shimmer . "I'm not a sword person but this looks gorgeous, what kind of metal is this?" she asked as her eyes moved to look back to her grinning lover.

Elizabeth took out the other sword and cooed happily as she explained, "The metal is very rare angel, let's just say you have to know the right people to get a hold of it."

Angela moved her fingertip up to the blade she was holding to feel the sharpness of it, however as she attempted to touch it, Elizabeth grabbed her hand before speaking. "Trust me, it's sharp enough that you don't want to touch it, it's been sharpened with lasers."

"Lasers? I didn't even know technology like that existed..." Angela withdrew her finger and examined the sword further while gripping the hilt a bit tighter, moving the blade around while studying it. "It's really well balanced..."

Sticking her tongue out, Elizabeth leaned back on the couch, speaking haughtily. "Of course it is, I had it custom made just for you, It's designed to suit your strength and agility."

Angela quirked an eyebrow before speaking questioningly, "Designed for me? I've never even used a sword like this, how would you know what I needed or what my strength could handle?"

Giggling softly she leaned in, whispering lustfully into the emerald eyed beauties ear, "Trust me, as much as I fuck you, and you fuck me, I can tell how much strength you have, Especially on those nights when you get dominant and try to hold me down."

Swallowing a lump in her throat, Angela felt her pulse quicken at the words in her ear. The grip on her sword loosened a bit as she felt Elizabeth start to nibble on her ear lobe. "You say such naughty things, but I'm not sure if I could even use it," she spoke the words shyly, setting the sword back down into the box.

Elizabeth began to suckle lightly on her Angel's ear lobe, her other hand slipping up to her inner thigh, rubbing it slowly as she whispered lustfully into her ear, "Why don't you try standing up, and swinging those swords around?"

Gasping softly, Angela chewed weakly on her lower lip, feeling her body heat up quickly from the exploring touch of her lover, as her left breast was now being rubbed gently through her shirt. "Ah, Ellie you're really turning me on..."

Slipping a hand up under Angela's shirt, Elizabeth gave her lovers nipple a light tug, her teeth nibbling at her throat as she explored her body. "I bet you would look amazingly beautiful holding those swords..."

Angela moaned softly as she felt her hard nipple being pinched, her legs rubbing together as she groaned weakly. "You think so Ellie?" she spoke the words breathlessly while feeling her other nipple tugged as well.

Sighing happily into Angela's ear, her lover continues to massage her breasts, speaking seductively into her ear, "C'mon Angel, I want to see you holding them ..."

Blushing brightly Angela slowly nodded her head. "Ok, but I can't get up if you keep rubbing them," she bit her lower lip harder, looking down at the hands massaging and rubbing her sensitive breasts.

Giggling lightly, Elizabeth reluctantly withdrew her hands, pouting a bit as she pulled away from her lover.

Taking a deep breath Angela attempted to calm herself before standing up and grasping both of the long slender swords in her hands. They felt both foreign, yet at the same time, comfortable. She walked into the middle of the den, standing before her lover. "Like this?" she spoke shyly with rosy cheeks.

Elizabeth sat up eagerly and grinned, her crystal blue eyes scanning over her Angel as she spoke happily, "Oh don't just stand there, try swinging them around a little, do some slashing or thrust with them."

Angela blushed and gripped the blade in her right hand a bit tighter before giving it an awkward and clumsy swing, her other hand following as she made a crude slash upwards. "Ahm , I have, no idea what, I'm doing," She spoke the words with embarrassment in her voice as she looked over to Elizabeth.

Laughing happily, Elizabeth watched her swing the swords around haphazardly. "Oh it's ok baby, you look absolutely beautiful, and I will teach you to use them over time." She spoke as she hopped up off the couch and walked over to her lover, stepping behind her as she embraced her in a gentle hug.

Angela felt her tension ease off as she was hugged, her arms relaxing as she felt Elizabeth's hands grip her wrists as she whispered happily, "Ellie..."

Pushing her chest right up against Angela's back, she began to move her wrists, guiding the movement of her lovers arms. "Like this, hold it in this stance..."

Blushing bright at the feel of those two soft mounds in her back, Angela swallowed hard, blushing as she attempted to move with her instructor. "L-like this?"

"Not quite but close, try moving your foot to this position," she spoke the words as she lightly bumped Angela's heel forward a few inches.

Biting her lower lip, She brought both the swords upwards in a cross pattern, Elizabeth's grip easing on her wrists as she felt her fingertips slip down the length of her arms.

"You can use a position like this to guard incoming strikes, or even move it to the side to deflect a sideways lash..." Elizabeth spoke the words softly and lovingly as her hands moved down her lovers arms.

"So you really will teach me?" Angela spoke the words shyly as she felt her wrists being released. "I mean I'm so happy to have them, and I do want to le-" Her words came to an abrupt stop as she bit her lower lip, feeling her left breast being rubbed from behind.

Elizabeth cooed happily from behind, her left hand massaging at Angela's breast, her other hand slipping down the front of Angel's pants. "You look so amazingly beautiful, I can't help but touch you..."

"Ugn, E-ellie..." Angela spoke the words in a panting moan, feeling her nipple pinched lightly, then gasping out loudly as Elizabeth's fingers found her sensitive little clit, after dipping down into the front of her panties.

"So wet, maybe playing with swords really does turn you on Angel." Speaking the words happily, Elizabeth continued to massage her partners breast, her middle finger grinding slowly against her sensitive little spot, stroking it skillfully.

Angela moaned out drunkenly, her arms sagging down to her sides, her hands barely gripping the swords as she felt her body lean against Elizabeth's and burn with need. "I-it's not the swords, it's you, you really are my insatiable demon."

Grinning broadly, Elizabeth worked her finger faster, moving her fingertip in circular strokes against Angela's weak little pleasure spot. "Of course, and I absolutely love to please my lustful Angel."

Crying out loudly, Angela shut her eyes tightly, her grip tightening on the hilts of her weapons, her panting growing heavier as she felt her body building to an orgasm. "Fuck, Ellie, make me cum!" She groaned out the words, pushing back to feel her lovers breasts against her back.

Blushing at the words, Elizabeth gave a final pinch at Angela's nipple, tugging it as her fingers also gave a light pinch against her clit. Speaking demandingly into her ear, "Give it to me..."

Angela opened her eyes and gritted her teeth hard as her body gave in to the pleasure. The pent up lust inside her burning through her as she let out a breathless moan, her inner walls contracting violently as the pleasure raked through her. "Ugn! E-elizabeth..." She called out her lovers name weakly, her hands releasing the hilts. As the blades fell they imbedded themselves into the floor upright.

Elizabeth held her close against her chest as she kissed along her Angel's throat, listening to her breathless pants. "I love how you sound after you cum Angel"

Sighing happily, Angela leaned against her love. "Fuck, you're such a nympho Ellie."

Chuckling softly, Elizabeth hugged closer to Angela. "You must be one too, you always cum when I want you too."

Blushing gently, Angela turned to face her lover. "I think the swords turned you on more than that sexy underwear." She spoke cheerfully with bright red cheeks.

"Now I just need to get you to use the swords, while in that underwear." Elizabeth grinned and blushed as well at the thought.

"You really are a devil, maybe I should put on a pair of horns while I'm at it?" she spoke the words childishly as she gave Elizabeth a playful look.

"Oh I think I would enjoy that very much Ang-" Elizabeth yelped out before finishing her statement, as she felt herself slung around and forced down on the couch her back against the cushions.

"You know I don't let you get away with one siders..." Angela spoke the words before sinking to her knees in front of Elizabeth, peeling off her pants and panties before forcing her legs apart.

Elizabeth grit her teeth, blushing brightly at the sudden change of positions, her legs forced apart as she watched her angel stare at her exposed womanhood. "Ah, Angela... You always get so aggressive after I take it."

"Damn right I do, I can't let you have all the fun!" She proclaimed the words with a grin as she looked up at her lover, her hands gripping her knees. "However I know you prefer my tongue to my fingers..." she whispered the words before moving her head between Elizabeth legs, her hot wet tongue slowly sliding up the labia of her exposed pussy, the tip of it flicking at her clitoris as it reached the top.

"Ugh! Fuck Angel..." Elizabeth grunted out weakly, her hands reaching tip grip at the red hair between her legs, feeling Angela's tongue work her exposed spot roughly. "Mmph... n-no need to be so rough..."

Rolling her tongue slowly against her lovers spot, Angela moved her tongue back down to her labia, licking right at Elizabeth's wet little hole, the tip of her tongue prodding at the entrance teasingly. "Mmm, I love you Ellie, and I love your pussy..." she spoke the words happily before slipping two fingers up to the entrance of her lovers slit.

Crying out happily Elizabeth felt her body burning with lust, her fingers gripping hard at Angela's hair. "F-fuck, your tongue is amazing, I can't get enough of it." Her own tongue was hanging out slightly as she began to pant, her hips arching forward in response to the exploring fingers.

Grinning up at Elizabeth, Angela positioned two of her fingers right at the entrance to her lovers tight little hole, pushing her wrist forward she forced both her long slender fingers up into the hot, wet walls of Elizabeth's pussy.

"Oh fuck!" Elizabeth gasped out breathlessly, her hips jerking in response as she felt her lovers fingers slide up inside her, forcing her tight walls to spread apart and make room for the intrusion. "Angel, t-that's so good." She spoke the words lustfully as she felt the intruding fingers begin to work their way back and forth inside her slick walls, Angela's tongue returning to her clit as she felt it being lapped roughly.

"I know it's good, I love how you taste." Speaking the words confidently, Angela rolled her tongue against her lovers sensitive little spot. Her fingers continued to pump back and forth inside Elizabeth's tight walls while she listened to her cries of pleasure.

Elizabeth moaned out with one eye shut and the other open, her fingers tugging hard at the crimson locks of her lover, her walls contracting around the intruding fingers as her chest heaved with each heated breath. "Fuck, fuck, I'm gonna come..."

"Then give it to me, I want to feel it and taste it." Angela grinned up at her while speaking the words, her fingers pumping harder into the tight, contracting walls of her lovers pussy. "Tell me you love me..."

Elizabeth gasped out happily, her eyes rolling upwards as her body gave in to the pleasure. "Fuck, of course I love you!" she screamed out the words as her walls contracted violently on the intruding fingers, her orgasm taking grip on her body as she shudder from the pleasure burning through her. "Ugh! I love you so fucking much..." she said the words breathlessly, her body going limp against the couch as she panted heavily

Angela smiled brightly as she felt the walls of her lovers pussy contract around her fingers, her wrist giving a few more thrusts, feeling the orgasm subside after a few moments. "Oh I love you too Ellie, you have no idea how much," speaking the words happily, she withdrew her fingers from the tight walls before popping them in her mouth, sucking her lovers honey from them.

Elizabeth watched Angela suck on her fingers, lapping off the cum she had just released all over them. "Fuck it's hot when you do that Angel."

Angela blushed and pulled the fingers from her mouth, moving down she gave the entrance to Elizabeth's pussy a long slow lap with her tongue, tasting more of the lust that was slowly leaking out of it. "Mmm, I love how you taste my insatiable Demon."

Shuddering at the feel of the hot tongue cleaning her, Elizabeth sighed happily and gripped Angela's shoulders. "Don't I owe you some practice with your new toys?"

Giggling happily, Angela climbed up on the couch and kissed Elizabeth quickly then grinned as she spoke, "Of course, but let me play with my favorite toy a few more times first."

Elizabeth moaned softly as she felt her lovers hands already rubbing and squeezing at her full breasts. "Ahhn, and you call me the nympho..." she said the words with a soft blush on her cheeks, feeling her nipples being pinched lightly through her shirt.

"It's not my fault, you get me worked up so now you have to deal with me, we can practice after I've had all I want of you." She said the words selfishly as she continued to rub at the large soft breasts in front of her.

Moaning happily, Elizabeth pulled Angela closer. "Sounds good, I just hope we have the energy left by then."

"You're a big girl, you will be fine, now fuck me until I tell you to stop!" Angela said the words with a dominate grin.

"Yes my beautiful Angel, anything you wish."

"You're such an obedient little Demon when you're horny."

"It's because I love you so much baby"

"You're making me blush, you know I love you too Ellie, I always will, no matter what..."