 "Have you ever held a sword in your hand Angela?"

"Not really ... I always considered myself a pacifist ... Isn't it just another weapon to kill someone?"

"Hmm... I always thought a sword was a good way to protect ones you loved"

"Ones you love huh?"

"Here try to lift my sword!"

"I can't lift that damn thing. It weighs more than I do!"

"Ha ha! Maybe you need something lighter but still durable and sharp."

"Maybe ..."

"Hey Angela You know I will protect you right?"

"Yes, I believe in you."

"Well... what if I ever need protecting? Will you protect me as well?"

"Of course I will. We love each other so it's only natural to do so...."

Angela opened her eyes slowly as the morning sun was bleeding through the curtains of her bedroom. She yawned sleepily and rolled over in bed, covering her face with the pillow as she grumbled lightly. It was too early to be awake, she stayed up too late thinking about Eli and now it was already eight in the morning.

Nodding back off for a few more minutes her sleep was once again disturbed by a loud knocking at her door, she groaned dejectedly and rolled out of bed. She Plodded to the door before calling out tiredly. "What!? This better be good ..."

"Oh ... I hope it's good ... I made it myself" the voice on the other side of the door called out. Angela blushed as she recognized the voice and slowly opened the door. There was Elizabeth standing with a small bag in her hands. She had on a knee length black skirt with a form fitting black t-shirt. Her hair was pulled up into pig tails as she grinned.

"Ahh .... I .. wasn't expecting you ... um ... come in .." She blushed brightly and wiped the sleep from her eyes as Eli stepped into her small dorm. "I'm sorry ... I just woke up sweetie ..." Angela said it weakly as she watched Eli set the bag down on the counter then walk over to her and hug her tightly.

"You look so cute with your morning hair ..." She said it teasingly as she held Angela close to her. Angela rested her head against the soft mounds in front of her as she yawned gently and nuzzled them. "Mmm ... good morning to you too love ..." Eli blushed and grinned as she felt her breasts gently being nuzzled by the sleepy red head.

"You miss me that much huh?" The young girl said it affectionately as she gently stroked Angela's hair, coursing her fingers through the soft messy red locks. Angela nodded her head in response to the question before nuzzling deeper into the soft mounds against her face.

With a soft giggle Eli lifted Angela's head so she could see her face. "What a beautiful Angel you are ..." Before Angela could protest though, Eli's lips were against her own, kissing her deep and lovingly as Angela dug her nails into Eli's back.

Angela let out a soft happy moan as she kissed Eli back, her nails dragging down her back as she enjoyed the kiss. Eli slowly broke away from her lovers lips before grinning deviously. "Phew .... That's a serious case of morning breath you got there love ..."

With bright red cheeks Angela's eyes opened wide at the comment and she slugged Eli lightly in the shoulder before turning away rather embarrassed. "Mphh ...that is so rude! I didn't have a chance to-" She trailed off when she felt Eli's arms wrap around her and pull her back into her chest.

"I'm just teasing ... I would kiss you all day long with or without morning breath." Elizabeth whispered the words softly into Angela's ear as she watched the young woman settle into her arms, smiling gently with rosy cheeks.

"It feels so good when you hold me ... we just met and yet ... I feel like I have known you my whole life ..." Angela whispered the words happily as she enjoyed the strong embrace. She leaned her head back and gently rested it on Elizabeth's shoulder.

"C'mon ... eat what I made you for breakfast Angel .." Eli whispered the words softly as she reluctantly broke away from Angela and moved over to the bag she had brought with her. Reaching in she produced a tin foil covered glass plate and set it on the counter of the small bar in the kitchen.

With a playful grin Angela sat down to the plate of food, it was a simple breakfast of scrambled eggs with some bacon and toast. "I have not had someone cook for me since my mother you know ... and don't you usually cook the breakfast the morning after sex?" The young red head poked fun at Eli as she stared at her lovingly.

Blushing slightly at the words Eli looked away with a smile on her lips. "Are you asking me to sleep with you Angela? I would if you let me ..."

Angela coughed loudly as she swallowed down a bite of her food the wrong way while hearing the statement. She grabbed a glass of water and gulped some of it down to wash the food away as she attempted to clear her throat while blushing. "Erm ... y-you don't have to say it so obviously like that ..." 

Laughing gently Eli walked over to Angela and trailed her fingers slowly down her back. "The look on your face was priceless though .... It was so cute ..."

Puffing her cheeks out Angela looked the other way, attempting to pout. Eli grinned at her reaction and leaned in, giving her ear a gentle tug with her teeth. "Hum ... you're thinking about it now aren't you?"

Blushing deeply Angela lightly pushed against the beautiful blonde girl nibbling at her ear. "D-don't be so mean to me ... you just like making me blush!" She said the worlds playfully then leaned against Eli's chest again, smiling softly as she closed her eyes.

Eli grinned and placed a hand on the side of the young girls head, stroking her face slowly as she laid against her soft breasts "We should be getting to class soon ... it's getting close to nine you know..."

"I know ...." Angela grumbled about the time as she nuzzled closer to the one next to her. "Can I see you again later today?" She looked up at her as she asked the question, her fingertips gently trailing up and down Eli's arm.

"Of course ... I want to see you as much as I can Angel.." Elizabeth stroked Angela's hair as she held her close.

Angela lightly popped Eli's rear and grumbled. "No angel ... don't think I will let you get away with saying it just because you are sexy and cuddling me ..." She said it with a grin as she slowly stood up and broke away from Elizabeth's arms.

With a grin Eli scratched her cheek and smiled. "Well .... You can't blame me for trying love ..." She walked to the doorway and picked up her things. "Ok then ... let's meet later on. You have my number on the counter there." She blew Angela a playful kiss then trotted out the door to leave the other woman to get ready for the day ahead.

The day progressed like any other would. Both girls were distracted with thoughts of the other. A large portion of the day was spent making sappy text messages back and forth to one another. Then the afternoon came at last. Both girls had to deal with their own team practice so they decided to meet after that. 

Angela's gymnastics practice ended early so she decided to walk down to the weight room after getting changed. She decided to pop in and see how Elizabeth was doing with practice. She got several odd looks as she entered the weight room seeing how it was filled with nothing but guys.

"Hey baby what's up?" One body builder came up to her to start a conversation.

Angela looked away and started scanning the large room with everyone working out. "I was looking for a friend ..."

The guy grinned and put a hand on her shoulder "If you want a friend I can help you out with that."

Angela stepped back out of his grasp and glared for a moment then flatly stated. "Not happening ... you know where Elizabeth is?"

He pouted a bit from the bruise to his ego then looked up again at her question. "Damn ... you're friends with Demon Eli?!?"

"Demon?" She looked at him curiously because of the statement.

The man scratched the back of his head then laughed a bit "Oh it's her nickname around here. She is pretty scary ... she doesn't look that built but she can out lift everyone but the coach."

Her cheeks blushed a little as she listened to him describe her. "I don't think she is that scary ... a-anyway ... where is she?"

"Oh she is on the leg press right now. C'mon I will take you to her" He lead her into the other half of the gym.

Angela walked into the room. There sitting on the leg press machine was her Elizabeth. Her heart immediately started to pick up speed as she started over to her but the young man grabbed her shoulder.

"Not a good idea right now ... she is with the coach babe!" He said it while shaking his head.

Angela watched from a distance as Eli sat there on the leg machine, pushing on the large pedal that was forcing the huge amounts of weights up and down slowly. She blushed brightly thinking back to last night and how gentle this woman was, but here she was covered in sweat with a menacing look on her face as she pushed the weights up and down.

"Get more weight on this god damned thing! I'm not even breaking a sweat here!" Elizabeth barked orders out as one of the other body builders moved a key pin on the weights.

"It's got 100 more on it Eli!"

"Fuck it, make it 200 more!" She growled out as the young man adjusted the weight again. She pushed down on the machine with both feet. Her hands clenching the grips on the chair as she slowly pumped the weights up and down. Her chest was heaving and she was covered in sweat. The well trained muscles in her legs were clearly visible.

Angela blushed brightly and put a hand to her chest, feeling her heart pound as she watched her. "T-that's so much ... will she be ok?"

The young man shook his head then laughed. "Yea... she is demon Eli ... like I said no one can out do her but the coach, and he was a professional on the body building circuit for 15 years."

"T-that's ... amazing .." She watched her intently. She looked very frightening like this but at the same time she could not help but be mesmerized by her strength and determination. "She is so ... beautiful ..."

"Huh? " The young man looked at her curiously.

Eli grit her teeth as she strained to continue the reps. Her legs were quivering as her knuckles turned white while gripping the handles. "F-fuck ... twenty five more ... I can do more!"

"That's enough Eli ... If you keep pushing you will tear a muscle ... take it in time." The coach told her. He was an extremely well built man looking to be in his 40's. He locked the machine down after telling her this.

Eli grunted and glared at him. "Old man I can do more!"

"Maybe so but you risk damaging your body. Take your time and build up to that point. Don't rush towards it!" The coach scolded her as she looked away with a grumble.

As she looked away she saw Angela standing there at the edge of the room. Her eyes grew wide as she hopped up off the machine and quickly made her way to her. "W-what are you doing here sweetie?!? Don't you have practice?"

Angela scratched the back of her head and blushed brightly. "Ah ... we got out early and I wanted to come see you as soon as possible ... so ... yea ..." She looked down with a soft blush on her face.

"You are so wonderful to me ..." Eli cupped her hands on Angela's cheeks and lifted her head, kissing her lips deep and lovingly. Angela returned the kiss, wrapping her arms around Eli's neck as she pulled her sweaty body closer while they kissed. Everyone in the weight room simply stopped what they were doing and stared in awe at the two girls kissing so passionately right in the middle of the gym.

"Ahem ... ah ... Eli ... I think you are distracting the rest of the team" Her coach walked up behind her trying not to stare too obviously.

Angela slowly broke the kiss as she stroked Eli's cheek lovingly with one hand and smiled happily. "I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to cause a scene ..."

"Hmm ... they will get over it.. I don't give a damn what they think anyway." Eli folded her arms then looked back at her coach. "You stopped my last set so I'm done for the day. You ok with that?"

Her coach nodded his head. "You did good today, just remember not to push yourself so hard."

Eli grinned broadly and grabbed Angela's hand as she started to drag her out of the room. Angela gasped as she started getting pulled away. "ah ... it was nice meeting you. Thank you for showing me where she was! ... sorry I interrupted!" She tried to apologize to the coach and thank the young man as she was dragged out of the gym.

After they got back to the locker room Eli released her hand then turned around and grinned at Angela. "I missed you ..."

Angela blushed and grabbed the hem of her skirt "I missed yo-mmm!" her words were cut short as her lover had already embraced her and was kissing her deep and lovingly.

Gasping against Eli's lips she clung to her. The smell of her sweat was slightly intoxicating as she moaned into the kiss and ran her nails down her lovers back slowly.

After several moments Angela broke the kiss with a gasp and clung tightly to Elizabeth. "Mmm ... I love the taste of your lips Eli .." She whispered the words into the young blonde woman's ear as she held tight to her and rubbed her back.

Eli swallowed a lump in her throat, bringing forth the courage as she spoke very lightly while holding Angela in her arms. "Would you ... like to come over tonight?" her voice was very fragile compared to the normally confident tone she had.

Angela blushed, realizing what she was being asked but nodded her head in response. "Of course ... I will bring some wine ..." She said the worlds with a dreamy look in her eyes as she gazed up into the bright blue eyes of the woman holding her.

And so the afternoon came to an end with Angela standing in front of Eli's door with a bottle of wine in hand...