 This story is partly true and partly fiction. It happened last summer when I was between steady girlfriends, some time after I got dumped by "she who will not be named."

It was a Saturday afternoon in late July. I found myself sitting in the food court at the mall in front of the Cineplex eating some nachos, which were tasty, but definitely not good for my waistline. It was about 5:30 and I was trying to figure out what movie I wanted to see. 

The mall was packed with gaggles of teenaged girls, most of whom were really pretty, and most were wearing next to nothing because of the heat. The typical outfit consisted of tank tops and shorts or short minis and sandals or running shoes. I was no different. I was wearing a short denim mini skirt, white cotton tank top, and white lace up platform sandals. 

As I sat there admiring the view, I wondered if the rumors I had heard were true. Supposedly some of these girls used the mall as a place to cruise for other girls or older women. That sort of made sense. Guys had a park in town for cruising. Why shouldn't girls have their own place? And the mall was a lot more comfortable than a hot dusty trail in the park. 

As I munched on my nachos and slurped my pop, I noticed an adorable young blond giving me the once over. She was tall, slender, with flashing blue eyes, straight wheat colored hair down to the middle of her back, small tits under a tight fitting pink tank, and a very short pink and white floral wrap skirt. She had a cute, gangly quality of a young girl who has not yet ripened into full womanhood. I couldn't figure out just how old she was, but she was definitely still in her teens. 

She was studying me intently. When our eyes locked she flashed me a big smile, which I returned with my own. 

Then she got up from the table and started walking toward me. When she reached the edge of my table she smiled down and said, "Hi. I'm Jill.

I looked up and smiled back, "Hi. I'm Julie." From where I sat, I couldn't help but notice the little band of diamonds hanging from her belly button. As I looked up, I noticed nipple rings showing through her tight top. 

I felt a little tingle deep in my belly as I looked up at Jill. The navel jewelry. The nipple rings. The short little skirt.  There were all the signs of a girl who liked to push the limits on things, to stay on the edge, to experiment.

And that feeling inside me was my hope that this attitude carried over into her sex life, as well.

"Can I sit down?" she asked, holding my eyes with hers long enough to make me squirm just a little in my chair.

"Sure," I replied and she slid gracefully into the seat across from me. 

"God, you're so tall and beautiful!" she gushed.

"Why thank you," I blushed. "You're quite beautiful, too. And tall."

"I'm 6 feet," she said. "What about you?"

"I'm 6 feet and 3 inches." 

"I couldn't help but notice," she replied, as she casually grazed one hand across her breast before crossing it with the other hand on the table in front of her. "I don't get to meet many women who are taller than me. 

"I bet you are fun to dance with and I really like your long brown hair. And your long legs," she added, again locking her eyes on mine and smiling just a bit.

"Thanks," I replied, feeling the little tingle spread from my belly to the moistening spot between my legs. 

"Are you into girls by any chance?" she asked with a devilish grin on her face.

"As a matter of fact I am," I answered stunned and excited by her boldness.

"Cool," she said. "Do you want to do it?"

I was thinking, "Of course I want to do it! I want to lay you across this table and lick your little pussy right here in front of all these people until you beg for mercy." But, obviously, I had to hold back a bit so as not to scare her away.

"Sure," I managed. "But how old are you?"

"Don't worry, I'm 18," she said. "And, yes, I've done it with girls before." And with that, she ran her tongue along the outline of her full lips, and my tingle transformed into a little throb.

"I don't know," I remarked, not really believing that she was 18. She looked younger than that, but one never knows.

"Look," she said. "I'm not going to tell anyone." Then she added, "Can we go to your place cause my parents are home and I have to be home by 11."

I found myself in a trance, walking out of the mall with Jill following about twenty paces behind. I got into my car, turned it on and waited for her to get in the passenger side. Then I drove to my place, still wondering what I was getting myself into. 

Once inside my apartment, I nervously went to the refrigerator got out a bottle of wine and opened it with trembling hands. 

"You don't have to be so nervous," she said. "I told you I've done this before. If you don't believe it, maybe you'll believe this."

And with that, she walked up to me, put her hands on my hips pulled my pelvis tight to hers, and then she kissed me deeply. I swooned. This young girl did have experience. I began kissing her in earnest as my hands went to the front of her tank and massaged her small, pert breasts. That made her mew softly and her nipples began to get very large. I tugged on her nipple rings until she panted, "Oooh that makes me wet."

Her hands went to the back of my tank and began pulling it up. I lifted my arms and she pulled it over my head. Then her hands and mouth began to work on my breasts. 

I pulled the straps of her tank down off of her shoulders to expose her little breasts. They were only a B cup but they were nice and firm and her nipples were standing at attention with the little rings hanging below them. I sucked one and then the other into my mouth, causing her to moan softly. 

I found the silver rings strangely erotic. While I would never do something like that to my own body, it made her unusually desirable. Perhaps it signaled that she might be a little "kinky." I don't know exactly what it was. But I did know that I could hardly wait to lick down her belly and suck on the little strand of diamonds hanging from her navel. 

My hands went under the back of her skirt as we kissed deeply. I gently massaged her delightfully firm little ass. I spread her cheeks in search of a string of a thong and found none. She was not wearing any panties. 

She broke the kiss and looked deeply into my eyes. Then she shocked me, "Give me a hundred dollars and I will give you the fuck of a lifetime." 

"What?" I asked pulling back.

"Well, I usually charge more, but you are so pretty and I want you bad," she replied. 

"I don't have a hundred dollars!" 

"Well how much do you have?" 

"Hell. I don't know," I replied, still shocked and getting pissed that she would expect me to pay her for sex.

It must have been the fact that my panties were soaking wet and my labia were throbbing and I had been without sex for a while. Or maybe it was because she was so young and ripe and beautiful. Whatever the reason, I put my hand in the pocket of my skirt and pulled out two twenties and five ones. 

"This is all I have," I said, handing her the bills. 

She looked at the money and took it from my hand and placed it in the pocket of her skirt.

"Well it will just have to do," she said untying the string that held her skirt in place, allowing it to fall to the floor. 

There was a small triangle of blond hair, slightly darker than the hair on her head, just above her swollen labia. The flesh above her clitoris was pierced with a silver ring that surrounded her emerging clit. I wanted that pussy in the worst way.

"Should we go into the bedroom?" she asked with a devilish grin on her face. Without even bothering to answer, I turned and led the way.

"Take your skirt and panties off and lay down on the bed," she ordered. 

I did as I was told and she lowered herself on top of me, covering my body with hers. We kissed for a while, then she moved her legs so our pussies were banging together. That was making me really hot. I could feel the pressure building inside, and I screamed at her, "Eat me! God Damn it! Eat Me!"

She kissed her way down my body stopping at my breasts to suckle on them for a while, before proceeding to run her tongue down my belly and thankfully between my labia. For the next forty five minutes or so she gave me an incredibly intense series of toe curling, body wracking, orgasms until I almost passed out. 

After I recovered she slipped out of bed and said "You can drive me home now."

"What about you?" I asked.

"Well you don't have to do me if you don't want to," she replied. "You paid me to satisfy you and I believe I did."

"Oh no," I said. "You come here."

She smiled and returned to the bed. For the next half an hour or so I gave her as good as I got. She tasted absolutely delicious. Her ring encircled clit got very large and it was extremely responsive to my licking tongue and sucking lips. I had to cover her face with a pillow to muffle her screams. During her orgasms, she broke out into a delicious sweat that I eagerly licked up. 

When she recovered she said, "Damn you're good." 

We dressed and I drove her home, which turned out to be in quite an upscale neighborhood. She asked me to stop the car a couple of blocks from her house so her parents wouldn't see a stranger dropping her off. 

Before she left the car I asked, "Your parents obviously have a lot of money. Why do you sell yourself?"

"They keep me on a tight allowance and I use the money to pay for things like body jewelry and other stuff they'd never buy for me. Like vibrators." There was that devilish grin again.

Then she told me she could be found at the mall on Fridays and Saturdays from about 4 pm to 6 pm. "And bring more money the next time," she reminded me. 

The following Friday I found myself strangely compelled to go to the mall. But at the same time, I was repulsed by the fact that I was willing to pay for sex. But, my god, Jill was so damn pretty, and so damn young, and so damn good in bed! 

When I got there around 5:15, she was already sitting at a table with a much older, and not very attractive woman. She noticed me watching and slyly waved me away. I sat there and watched the heavy set woman start to leave, while Jill followed at a distance. I smiled to myself and wondered if she charged double to have sex with a woman like that. 

An attractive woman about my age came over to my table and asked if she could share it with me since the food court was so crowded. I said, "Sure sit down."

She smiled at me as she sipped her pop and then asked "How much?"

I said, "$3.95"

She gave me a quizzical look and said "What?"

"The nachos and the coke . . . $3.95."

Then she smiled and said, "Right answer."

"I don't understand," I said.

She looked at me seriously and said, "Listen I'm an undercover cop. I thought you might be hooking. There has been a lot of that going around here lately."

"You thought I was a hooker?" I asked incredulously. 

"Hey. Take it as a compliment," she replied.  "Some of these hookers are really hot."

"Well gee thanks . . . I guess." 

"Were you checking out that cute young blond?" she asked. 

"Well no but I did notice her," I lied. "She is very pretty."

"Did you see the older woman she was with and followed out of the mall?"

"Well sort of but I didn't pay much attention to her." I'm glad the cop didn't have a lie detector with her. 

"She is undercover, also, and she is going to arrest the blond as soon as she asks for money," the police woman replied. 

"Gee. You're kidding," I said. 

"Are you cruising?" she asked. 

"What?"

"This mall has become a very popular cruising place for lesbian and bisexual women," she explained. 

"Yes. I've heard that rumor," I replied, trying to suppress a little grin. 

"Nothing wrong with cruising," she smiled "As long as it's not for someone under age or for pros like that cute blond. I sometimes come here myself looking for beautiful women. Like yourself, for instance," she added with a wink.

I was startled and didn't say anything, just looked her over closely. I was seeing the lady cop in a whole new light. 

She was tall like me, perhaps two inches shorter, but unlike me she was very muscular in a sexy sort of way. The tautness of the front of her grey silk blouse held the promise of large, firm breasts. Her blond hair was cut really short in a spiked kind of do. The squareness of her jaw line and her finely shaped, straight nose gave her a dykie, butch look that was oddly feminine at the same time. 

Perhaps it was the softness of her full, red lips that kept her physical persona from screaming "Dyke!" Her hands were not overly large but her fingers were long and her nails perfectly manicured but cut very short, one of the telling signs of a lesbian. Which reminds me of an old joke: "What do you call a lesbian with long finger nails? Answer: Single or Lonely." 

I'm not normally attracted to dykes, but there was something about this woman. She exuded a sense of confidence and command that I have always been drawn to, but I also sensed some gentleness and kindness in her too. I wondered what it would be like having her firm, hard body laying on top of mine with our breasts, pussies, and lips pressed together. I also wondered about her pussy. I suspected that it would be blond because the short hair on her head looked natural, a kind of a honey blond color. I wondered if she were hairy, trimmed, or shaved, I hoped trimmed or shaved at least. 

"Look," she said. "I'm still on duty. Gotta go."

She reached into a pocket of her coat and handed me a business card.

"My cell phone number is on the back," she said. 

"Wait," I said. 

I grabbed a napkin from the table and a pen from my purse. 

"Here's my cell phone. Call me," I urged very sincerely. 

She took it and left. As she walked away I noticed how wonderfully firm and small her ass was encased in a pair of tight black pants. There was no visible panty line, and I decided she must be wearing a thong.

Then I realized that I hadn't put my name on the napkin, just my phone number. I wondered if she would call. I looked at her business card. It read "Officer Molly Peterson, Lincoln Police Department" and it gave her business number. Her cell phone number was scrawled on the back. 

Officer Peterson would definitely be getting a call from me.