 It was an interesting party. Well, more than interesting. Way too many people had had way too much to drink and some of them had long since lost their inhibitions. There were guys and girls walking around naked. Some of them had shown up that way, but some of them had decided later on that their clothes were too...cumbersome, and shed them without a care as to who might be watching. Or what they might be thinking.

There were fifty or so of us in the foyer and living room of a beautiful house. Actually, "mansion" was a better word for it. The floors were marble, the mantelpiece on the huge fireplace in the living room was carved black granite, there was ornate wooden molding on all the walls...Cheri's parents certainly had a lot of money that they weren't afraid to show it off. 

I sat down on a dark green brocade sofa that was extremely luxurious despite its Victorian design. I was holding a bottle of beer, which seemed out of sync with our lush surroundings, but given that it was my fifth beer of the night I was noticing things like that less and less. 

I didn't know most of the people here. I knew Cheri, sure, we'd grown up together, but most of these people were absolute strangers and I was uncomfortable. Even buzzed, I was uncomfortable. 

Cheri caught my eye from across the room, and I gave her a tight smile. Her expression became confused and concerned, and she came over and sat down next to me.

"You okay?" she asked.

"Yeah I'm fine," I answered. "Just feeling really shy and out of place, and the beers aren't helping."

"Well, maybe you need something stronger," she suggested. 

"Ha...like what?" She knew I didn't like too much in the way of hard liquor. 

"Like...I dunno, actually," she laughed.

"Fuck," I said. I wanted to stay but I wanted to go home. "Get me another beer." 

"If you want," she started. I waited for her to say more.

Finally she said, "We could get out of here."

"And go where?" I asked.

"Follow me," was her answer.

She led me up the stairs and down a long hallway with a red oriental-type carpet running down the center of the dark hardwood floor. I wondered what she had in mind, but part of me already knew.

She opened the door to the room I knew was hers and strode in, and I followed her, feeling a significant buzz and also a small twinge of excitement. There was a plush red sofa in her room and she walked over to it and sat down on the edge. A moment later I was sitting next to her, but I slouched way down, not really in the mood to sit up straight and tall and pretty the way she always did. 

Cheri had a rod in her back; it held her spine straight. She'd had it there since she was seventeen. At the time it was the only way to help her case of scoliosis from getting bad enough to give her severe back problems for her entire adult life. So sitting up all straight and tall like she was a queen was actually her natural position. It didn't take away from the aura of grace and confidence that floated around her. I sat up slightly too, to get a better look at her, noticing her hands folded daintily in her lap, and her dark, flashing eyes fixed on me.

"Heather," she began, but I sat up and shushed her with a touch of my lips. When I looked at her, her eyes were wide and bright with a hint of longing. She knew how I felt about her and I knew how she felt about me, but although we'd made out heavily with each other a few times, nothing much had ever really happened between us. And right now, she had a boyfriend. For a moment I felt a stab of guilt but it was easily brushed away as I tried to think of a guy, any guy that I knew, who wouldn't like to see his girlfriend with another girl. 

I put a finger to her lips, and she took my hand in hers and began lightly kissing my fingertips. I watched her full, ruby-red lips as they lightly touched each of my fingers, and shivered slightly when she began sucking on my index finger. I slowly took my hand away from her, and pulled her toward me. Her lips met mine in a sensual, but tentative, kiss. I gently parted her lips with my tongue and massaged hers with mine. I felt her slide her arms around me very slowly. She felt so good, so...right. More right than any man had ever felt to me, and I had been truly in love with a couple of men. 

I pulled back and began undoing the tiny buttons on her sheer black blouse. She shrugged out of it and pulled my silver tank top over my head, exposing my bare breasts. She was wearing a black silk tank top and I reached under it, but she pushed my hands away and bent down to play with my breasts. I lifted my head and moaned softly as she placed little kisses all around my nipples, while she lightly pinched my nipples with her fingers. I was turned on from the moment we shut the party out and I'd had a crush on her for a long time. She knew it, too, and she liked to use it to her advantage. But since using it to her advantage meant sex, I didn't mind.

I pushed her up and pulled off her silk top. She was wearing a bright green lacy bra underneath and I reached around with one hand and unhooked it, then pulled it off of her and threw it to the floor. I took her face in my hands and kissed her hard, and she responded with the same ardor that I felt. She gasped into my mouth as I massaged her small, round breasts, then slid my hands lightly down her sides, making her shiver. I lay back on the sofa and pulled her on top of me, and she pushed a knee between my legs, spreading them slightly. I could feel the dampness of my panties as she pressed against me, and my pussy throbbed with arousal. Her breasts touched mine and my nipples exploded with tingling pleasure. She sought out my mouth once again and kissed me deeply and passionately as I pulled her tight against me.

She ran her hands down to the zipper on the side of my black vinyl pants and pulled it down. I lifted my hips so she could pull them down and she gripped both my pants and my panties and yanked them off of me. I did the same with her shorts and her panties and suddenly we were holding our naked bodies together as we kissed and fondled and explored. I'd never felt her skin against mine, at least, not this way, and she felt so incredible I wanted to cry, to scream out in pleasure, to call out her name. I had no way to express how I was feeling except to make love to her, the way I'd wanted to for so long.

I sat up and pushed her down onto her back. I traced the outlines of her body with my tongue, tasting the salt of her skin and the sweetness of her nipples. I gripped her sides as I moved down her stomach, pausing at her navel and tickling with my tongue and my breath. She shivered and giggled, and started to writhe a little bit so I stopped and continued my downward path. I kissed her hips, then the tops of her thighs. I spread her legs slightly and started slowly rubbing her clit with my finger while I kissed her inner thighs. Her pussy was neatly shaven, unlike mine, which had a dark little landing strip. Her folds were soaked and I plunged two of my fingers into her hot, beating abyss. I pushed up against her g-spot and rubbed that, and watched in aroused fascination as she shuddered and moaned. Her muscles tightened and she cried out as a gout of her warm juice flowed over my hand. I looked up at her and she was smiling, her eyes bright with pleasure.

When her orgasm subsided, I took my fingers out of her pussy and slowly licked them off. I wanted to know what she tasted like on me, but more than that I just wanted to know what she tasted like. I buried my face between her thighs and began exploring her pink folds with my tongue and my lips. I circled my tongue around her clit and relished the taste and feeling of her hot, wet pussy against my face.

She had always been able to cum very easily and my teasing her clit brought her to another orgasm quickly. I drank of her nectar when she came, and then licked her pulsing, sensitive clit until she could stand it no more and pushed me away. She sat up and kissed me hard.

"I've always wondered what it would be like to taste myself on you," she breathed. 

I smiled, and she pushed me down onto my back and inserted a finger into my pussy. I was so aroused that feeling her penetrate me was like drinking cold, refreshing water after long hours in the hot desert sun. She was so good; she knew exactly where I wanted to be touched, where I wanted to be rubbed and when. She finger-fucked me hard, with her face in my pussy licking my clit and all around my folds, and suddenly, without warning, I came. I cried out her name in ecstasy and opened my eyes just in time to see her looking up at me and grinning. 

But she wasn't done. She puckered her lips and wrapped them gently around my oversensitive clit, and suckled very lightly while I throbbed and pulsed with the last of my orgasm. She held onto my hips as I writhed, partly wanting more and partly trying to get away as I was so sensitive I felt ticklish, but she didn't let me go. She continued to suckle on my clit as though she was sucking a tiny lollipop, and the pleasure was so intense I couldn't stand it. I came again, so hard it almost hurt, and as the orgasm died down, I pushed her gently up and pulled her on top of me. I kissed her and relished the taste of myself on her. 

She stood up, and without a word walked over to her bed. She crawled underneath the red satin comforter, looked at me, and said, "Well, aren't you coming?"

I smiled and went over to the bed, and crawled in beside her. She put her head on my shoulder and I wrapped my arms around her, just listening to her breathe.

"I think I'm through with partying tonight," she said with fatigue in her voice.

I laughed. "Me too." 

We both slowly drifted off to sleep.