 Mary had had a long, tiring week at work. So, when her friends asked her to go out to a bar with them, she was hesitant, but somehow they dragged her along anyway.

Eventually, it was only her and her best friend, Sarah left. Sarah had been eyeing a guy for the past half hour, and though Mary didn't get how she always seemed to want to go home with a man, she could tell the only reason Sarah was still sticking around was because she didn't want to leave her best friend alone.

"Go ahead," Mary eventually said, not wanting to hold her back from enjoying her night, "I'll make my own way home."

"You sure?" Sarah asked.

"Yeah, it's fine."

So, she left, and Mary sat there for a while, doing some work on her phone, and finishing up her drink, when she looked up to see a girl with long brunette hair looking back at her.

"Hi," the girl said, extending her hand out towards her, "I'm Rachel."

Mary was taken aback by how hot Rachel was, with a simple gray t-shirt and ripped jeans.

"Mary," she replied, taking Rachel's hand into her own.

"I just noticed that your friend left, and I couldn't leave a pretty girl like you sitting alone," Rachel's gaze was careful, yet something about it was alluring, "You know how guys are at these places. They would never leave you alone."

Mary looked around the bar a little. All the men were either already talking to someone, or milling around, eyeing all the girls around them.

"Besides," Rachel added, "I can tell you're not interested in any guys at the moment. I can tell your tastes run in the other direction"

At this, Mary looked back at Rachel, shocked at how forward this woman, who up until a few minutes ago had been a complete stranger, was being, yet slightly intrigued, and maybe even a little bit turned on.

"Am I wrong?" Rachel cocked an eyebrow.

"I'm sorry, I don't really know you," Mary tried.

"Am I wrong, though?" 

There was something about Rachel that made Mary's heart flutter, and her stomach drop, and she kind of liked it.

"What's your move here?" Mary asked.

"Oh, I have a lot of moves," Rachel replied, moving so close to Mary that her breath hitched.

"Would you like me to show you?" she whispered, and it was all Mary could do to nod her head.

They barely made it through the door of the apartment before Rachel pushed Mary against the wall with the force of her kiss, pinning Mary's hands above her head with one hand, and unbuttoning her pants with the other.

When she got Mary's zipper open, Rachel tossed her head back and laughed. 

"Going commando, huh? I like it."

Mary felt the heat creeping up her face as Rachel's hand explored under her shirt, fondling her boobs and running down her stomach. 

Her hands still pinned above her head, she squirmed, needing some relief from how hot Rachel was making her.

"What is it, baby? Tell me what you want," Rachel said.

"Fuck me," Mary just barely managed, feeling her pussy getting wetter by the moment.

"Gladly."

Rachel pulled Mary's shirt over her head, and swiftly ripped off her own clothes, once again pressing Mary to the wall.

Mary regarded her body. Rachel looked even hotter with her clothes off than she did with them on, and Mary could feel her clit throbbing at the sight of her.

Rachel kissed her again, hard. She trailed kisses down Mary's jawline, down her collarbone, nipping at her nipples slightly, making them hard with excitement.

She kept kissing lower and lower, until she reached Mary's bikini line. And, then, she moved down to Mary's thighs, making her groan with desire.

"I'm not letting you have it that easy," Rachel smiled.

She made her way back up Mary's legs painstakingly slowly, until she once again reached her bikini line, and this time, she did not disappoint. 

She gently kissed Mary's clit, making her shiver with the contact.

She licked all along Mary's pussy lips.

Up, and down.

Up, and down.

Slowly, making sure Mary felt every movement.

Finally, she took Mary's swollen clit into her mouth and sucked on it, immediately feeling Mary's legs go limp with pleasure.

She swirled slow circles around it with her tongue, gradually driving Mary wild, until she was quivering, ready to cum.

But, just before Mary climaxed, Rachel stopped, and a small whine escaped Mary's lips.

"Not just yet, baby," she told Mary, leading her over to the bed.

She laid Mary down, and reached into one of her side drawers for something. 

When Mary finally saw what Rachel was taking out, she let out a little gasp. It was a strapon dildo.

She had only ever see one in pornos, and had always wanted to try one.

Rachel looked at her, "Is this good?"

"Yes," Mary barely managed to whisper.

Rachel smirked as she put it on and saw Mary's eyes grow wide.

She climbed onto the bed and leaned down to kiss Mary.

As Mary grew wetter and wetter, Rachel turned her over and eased the dildo into her, slowly at first, letting her adjust to the full length, to the full width, stroking in and out of her.

In.

And out.

Gradually getting faster.

And faster.

And she pulled on Mary's hair, watching her tip her head back as she moaned in pleasure.

"Mmhmm. Moan for me, baby," Rachel told her, "I love to hear you moan."

She went faster still, until eventually, she was pounding in and out of Mary, listening to her scream.

"Oh, yeah. Give it to me, Rachel."

Rachel watched as Mary's pretty back arched, as she pushed back on the dildo, wanting to feel all of it, as she traced circles around her clit.

"Oh, yeah, fuck me, Rachel."

She could see Mary getting closer and closer to orgasm, and she slammed harder and harder into her pussy, watching her ass move with the force of the dildo on it.

Until, Mary was about to cum, and Rachel stopped, turning her back over, and bringing her mouth to Mary's clit, feeling Mary convulse under her touch, all the while fingering her pussy, listening to Mary moan and scream and writhe under her as she rode out her orgasm.

And, when she was done, Rachel trailed kisses all the way back up to her lips, stifling her moans with her own mouth.

"Was I wrong?" Rachel asked when Mary's breathing finally evened out.

"No, you certainly weren't," Mary laughed.