 This is just the first story in a series. It's not the dirtiest...yet. If you guys like it, let me know and I'll write what comes next!

*****

With her long, wavy, golden hair, large green eyes, and full lips she was a natural beauty. Her nose, which might have been considered a little too large on anyone else, only added character to her looks. She was lightly tanned, but if you looked closely you could see a very faint smattering of freckles across that nose, so light that they were barely visible.

I had memorized her face down to every last detail—it would be hard not to considering the amount of I time I had spent gazing at it over the last few months, whether through my binoculars, high-res photographs, or the few times in person. Still, her beauty never fail to stun me, which is why I constantly find myself craving looking at her, and why I find myself sitting in this tree outside her window, staring at her through my high-powered binoculars.

It all started when I was out walking my dog one day. As I walked out the door, I noticed her heading from her car towards the house next to mine. That house had been empty for a while now, so my guess was that she moved in. She was wearing a large purple sweater and faded jeans with her hair up in a ponytail, and carrying a large box. Those jeans became my favorite jeans—her Moving-In Jeans I called them. They were a bit threadbare, holes in the knees, one of the back pockets halfway torn off, and had paint splatters on them. I think part of the reason I liked them so much (besides how great her ass looked in them, that is) is that they were in the traditional flare style, instead of the increasingly-popular skinny jeans. Not that I have anything against skinny jeans, it's just something about them made me nostalgic for my first crush, the girl next door with whom I shared my first kiss.

Coming back to reality and trying to be a good neighbor, I asked if I could give her a hand. She gave me a dazzling smile and replied, "Sure. It would be great if you could open the door! I'm Laura, by the way."

I hurried up the walkway to open the door for her. "Thanks! Moving is always a pain in the ass," she said, putting the seemingly heavy box down after she walked through the door. 

"Oh, you don't have to tell me. I'm happy to help! I'm Kate, your next door neighbor, and this is Pento," I replied.

"Great to meet you, Can I pet him?"

"Sure, go for it, he loves to be pet," I said, as she bent down to pet him. I caught a glimpse of her cleavage and tried not to stare.

"So have you lived here for very long?" She asked me, looking up at me so intently with those green eyes that my heart skipped a beat.

"Uhh...well, probably about two years now. It's a pretty decent neighborhood and the rent isn't too steep. Where are you from?"

"I'm originally from Rhode Island, but I was in Spain for the last year," she said, with a wistfulness that made it seem like she wasn't too keen on being back in the States. After a second or two she gave Pento a final pat and straightened up.

"Well, I should probably finish unpacking. It was nice meeting you. Stop by again sometime!" She said enthusiastically, dazzling me with another smile. I said my goodbyes and continued on my walk with Pento, still in a daze from meeting her. I can't say I've ever really believed in love at first sight, but seeing Laura's smile for the first time came pretty damn close.

Now, I'm not grossly unattractive by any means. I definitely pale in comparison to Laura, but I don't think my looks are too terrible. I have curly brown hair that just passes my chin, dark brown eyes, and a round face, which makes people think I look quite a bit younger than my 26 years. My figure is pretty decent: small waist, large breasts for someone my size, and a nice round backside. Most people describe me as "cute." All-in-all, not a bad package. But the chances of someone like her wanting me were slim to none. The odds of her even liking women were slim-to-none.

My infatuation with her didn't start off weird, not at first. I spent the first two weeks after she moved in trying to think of a way to ask her out, but to no avail. I even purposely timed it so I would be walking out of my house just as she as getting out of her car, but I chickened out every time and just ended up giving her nods and smiles in passing. Then one night something changed. I walked out to my car, which was parked at the side of the house, and was loading my camera equipment into my beat-up Chevy. I have my own photography company, that mostly does weddings and other important events like that, and I had a wedding that evening. As I was loading my tripods into the back seat, I did my normal cursory glance around and noticed a light on in the upstairs window of Laura's place. The bright rectangle of light stood out in the darkness and what I saw stopped me in my tracks. She seemed to be in the middle of changing and was half dressed in dark blue panties, a v-neck shirt, and nothing else. She was standing so that I could see her profile and it looked like she was checking herself out in the mirror. 

She turned this way and that, even turning around and checking out her bum. No problems there, I thought to myself. It looked perfectly delicious and round in those blue bikini cut panties. Round and fairly large, probably toned from some kind of exercise, those panties clung to it like a second skin. It was the kind of ass that made you just want to bury your face in it and stay there for days. My eyes wandered down her legs, which were long and slim, all the way down to her cute feet. She was probably near six feet tall, and her legs seemed endless. My eyes moved back up her legs (and stayed for a few more moments on her butt again, I must admit) and then crept up her torso. She ran her hands up and down her stomach and breasts, and I silently prayed that she would take off her shirt. She cupped her breasts for a second, testing how they felt maybe (like a dream I'm sure, I muttered to myself) and then adjusted her ponytail.

Someone must have been listening to me up there, because my prayers were answered when she suddenly lifted her shirt up by the bottom and pulled it off in one quick motion. She was wearing a matching blue bralette that barely covered up her breasts. They looked to be about a handful, the perfect size for me. She had a truly fantastic figure, with her tiny waist and flared hips. Her skin looked impossibly smooth. I could just imagine running my hands across that smooth skin, getting acquainted with every curve of her body, pressing my own body against hers, feeling the contrast of her hard nipples against my own soft flesh. Oh god, this was torture. I knew that it was wrong to keep watching, but it was like I was under a spell—her spell. So I continued watching, feeling slightly guilty and more than a little naughty. Her hands went to her head and she tugged her ponytail. Her long, golden hair tumbled down her back, so long that it almost reached that tasty ass. She turned away from the mirror, providing me with a better view of her backside. I have a bit of a thing for backs, and hers was a spectacular one. Smooth and toned, it tapered at the waist, and flared out again with her hips. One of my favorite things to see on a woman's back are the dimples of Venus. Laura's were very pronounced, two impressions on her lower back. For some reason, I just find these incredibly sexy. She seemed to be looking for something, and bent over, presumably to look through a drawer.

I got lost in daydreams of having her on top of me, kissing her slowly at first, feeling her full and soft lips against mine, then harder and more passionately, exchanging tongues with her. Running my hands over that lovely back, feeling her wet and hot against me, grinding on me like she just couldn't get enough. I could vividly imagine reaching down to squeeze her ass, pulling her even tighter against me as if that were possible. At this point my mouth was open, practically drooling at the sight of this woman.

She went back to the mirror, then faced away from the window, checking out her profile I suppose. Suddenly, she reached behind her to unclasp her bra. Oh, fuck, could this get any more torturous? I swore to myself. She managed to get the bra undone and slowly shrugged it off, then let it fall to the floor. She turned back towards the mirror, giving me a tantalizing glimpse of her perky breasts. Unfortunately this glimpse was extremely brief, because turned around abruptly and strode out of her bedroom and out of my view.

I realized I had been holding my breath and let it out in a long exhale. I also realized that somehow my left hand had made it down to the front of my dress and I was rubbing myself slowly.

"Oh god," I exclaimed, fully coming to my senses and realizing that I had been standing in my yard openly masturbating while staring through the neighbor's window. It was dark, but I was probably still perfectly visible to any neighbor who happened to glance out their window. Shame came over me, but didn't dull the extreme arousal I felt and the naughty thrill I had from watching Laura. 

How am I ever gonna make it through work? I had wondered to myself.

I did of course make it through work somehow, but not without being majorly distracted by the thought of Laura. Even my assistant Todd noticed.

"What's gotten into you? You're totally in your own world," he asked, after I almost missed the cake cutting shot because I was staring off into space, imagining running my hands down Laura's impeccable backside for probably the thousandth time.

"Nothing! I've just got a lot on my mind..." I answered vaguely.

"Wait, I know that look...have you met someone???" he asked me excitedly while snapping more shots of the newlyweds.

"No...yes...well, not really," I stammered, feeling my face get hot, undoubtedly turning some bright shade of red, "My new neighbor...well, we met, and she's really nice...and I saw her getting undressed when I left tonight!" I blurted out, unable to stop myself.

"What?!?!" Todd exclaimed, catching the attention of a few nearby guests.

I told him the gory details, omitting all the raunchy fantasies that had been going through my mind while watching her strip down.

"You perv! I take it she's hot?" He inquired.

"I know, I know, I'm a total weirdo. It's like I was frozen. She's a total 10. She is literally my dream girl."

"Even better than the Starbucks girl you obsessed over for months last year?" He asked, smirking.

I cringed thinking about my long obsession with Mara, a barista whose work schedule I nearly memorized so I could get an iced latte from her (and ogle her while I was at it) a few times a week.

"Yes, even better than her. But you know I have zero chance. She's probably not even into women. I can't get my hopes up," I sighed.

"Well, you won't know unless you try," said Todd before striding off to get some pictures of the guests as they ate their cake."

"Yeah, yeah," I mumbled to myself. He was right though. I hardly ever take chances with women. I just fantasize and obsess about them for forever and never build up the courage to ask them out. So I resolved to change that. Tomorrow.