 I woke up in the middle of the night to a sliver of light cast over my body and the sound of our door slowly creaking shut. I heard footsteps across the carpet. The bed squeaked as this other person laid down. I wiggled over to the edge of the bed, my sleepy eyes straining to see their image in the mirror across the room. What I saw shocked me. Illuminated by my roommate's dim reading lamp was the figure of another girl laying in bed with my roommate kissing her. I knew my roommate had a boyfriend, but I had no idea she was into girls as well. I wonder if he knew what she was up to.

My eyes adjusted and I could clearly watch the two girls passionately kiss. I'd walked in on her and her boyfriend before, but she'd never kissed him this intensely. I watched as their hands traveled over each others bodies, lightly caressing those beautiful soft curves. The stranger took off my roommate's pajama top, freeing her gorgeous breasts. I had no idea she had a body like that, she always wore such baggy clothes. But there it was in front of me, my roommate's slender, tanned body with the most beautifully round breasts I'd ever seen. The girl cupped her breasts gently, kissing down my roommates chest, moving her way down to lovingly suck on each perfect little nipple. She needed them gently as she sucked softly, my roommate stroking her hair, eyes closed as she enjoyed the warmth and pleasure of this girl's mouth. Their bodies began a slow rhythmic motion as the pleasure became stronger, and I felt my hand move to my own breast, tweaking my nipple to the rhythm of their bodies. I was completely lost in the moment with them.

This strange girl slowly kissed down my roommate's stomach, moving only delicious inches at a time, dragging out the pleasure for my roommate. But before she reached it, she moved down between her legs, and starting at the knee, and slowly began kissing up my roommates beautiful tan thigh. She kissed higher and higher and right before she reached her goal, she stopped. She moved down to the other knee, and slowly began kissing up her other thigh. I could see my roommate's frustration, and she tried to silence her frustrated whimper as she vainly tried to buck her hips and make contact with the girl's mouth. My hands followed the motion of this girl, up one thigh, moved to the other, until at the exact same moment the girl's mouth reached my roommate's center, my hand finally reached my own. I heard my roommate gasp at the same time I did. I didn't realize I was this wet. As my hand explored the soft, sensitive skin, my wetness began to drip down to my hands.

I slowly sank two fingers inside my body, trying not to moan at the heat and intensity I felt within me. I gently began to finger myself as I continued watching my roommate being pleasured in the mirror. The girl was licking her, teasing her sensitive areas, flicking her tongue gently over her clit. As her tongue continued to stroke her silky skin, she gently pushed two fingers into my roommate's waiting body. My roommate arched her back, her body quivering in intense pleasure. I added a third finger into myself, and began that come hither motion inside myself that I knew my roommate was experiencing with her. My mind blurred as the pleasure rose within me, I tried to keep watching, wanting so badly to come with her, to release at the same time that beautiful body did.

It was so close now, my body desperately needing it, reveling in every movement beneath me, every arch of her back and moan that escaped her beautiful lips. I saw her tense, knowing she was about to fall into that beautiful abyss that I was so near to. She almost screamed as her body released, her fingers dug into the bed, the girl continuing her motions between her legs. I couldn't contain it any longer, and I released with a shudder that sent my juices flowing on to my hand, my body quivering with uncontrollable pleasure. I bit the sheets trying to remain quite, overwhelmed with the pleasure of it all. As I came down from the greatest orgasm I'd ever experienced, I watched the girl come up, her face glistening with my roommate's juices, and kiss her gently. I could tell that my roommate was asleep already, exhausted from the experience. I was left breathless in sheets soaked with my cum, watching the girl slip out of the room, grateful that I'd woken up.