 This is the next story in the Watching My New Neighbor series (you can find the others on my author page!). 

This installment still took a while for me to finish, but at least it's longer! Happy reading ;)

*****

CHAPTER 4

My mind was spinning after that off-handed comment from Laura. She knew?? How long had she known?? Did she think I was a complete freak?? She didn't seem mad or anything though. If anything, she actually seemed a little amused. 

A week passed, and not a day went by where I didn't think of her. My mind was drawn to her, like a moth to a flame. I was beyond embarrassed by the whole situation, but also desperately craving her opinion. I needed to know what she thought of it all, of me. That is, if she even thought of me at all. I'm sure a beautiful girl like her had many admirers. Laura wasn't around to offer any insight or relief though. Her house had been dark and her car had been missing from the driveway, so I assumed she was on a trip. This was both a great relief as well as total torture. I wanted to know her thoughts, yet my heart raced at even the idea of another conversation with her. 

One evening, I pulled up into my driveway, and noticed that Laura was out in hers, unloading bags from her trunk. I got out of my car and glanced at her furtively, ready to rush towards the door, avoiding a confrontation. But just as I had gotten out of the car, about to sprint towards my door, she called my name and said, "Wanna come help me with these groceries?"

"Um, sure, of course, no problem." I spat out, tripping over my words. I went over and grabbed a couple bags, heading towards the door. 

"I needed to stock up after my trip. I went to see my mom in Maine," she said, as we walked to the door. 

"Oh, awesome, I was wondering where you went," I said, immediately regretting it. God, she probably thinks I'm a stalker. Well, I kind of am a stalker...

Unable to contain myself any longer, I blurted out, "Laura, I'm really sorry about the other night, I know it was totally wrong and unacceptable. Your light was on and I saw you and just couldn't help myself and I knew it was wrong and I'm just really-"

"Stop! Jeez, you'll pass out if you don't take a breath once in a while," she interrupted, "It's not a big deal. In fact, it's kind of cute...in a weird stalkery way."

I breathed a sigh of relief, "Seriously though, I'm really sorry," I said.

"You're just lucky you're cute, or else I might press charges," she said with a wink. "But anyway, why don't you come over a little later? We'll crack open a bottle of wine or two. It's about time we got to know each other, I mean other than through a window," she said.

I let out a shaky laugh. From the temperature my face was feeling, I was probably cycling through various shades of lobster. "Yeah, that would be fun!" I replied.

"Great. Around 9 then," she replied. 

My head was racing as I walked back to my place. Was this just two neighbors hanging out? Was she just trying to be nice and make things less awkward? Or was she interested in me?

I showered and tried to calm myself down. I dried my hair, and surveyed my measly panty selection. I ended up choosing the only ones that could really be called sexy. They were light blue and lacy and didn't see the outside of my drawer very often. I inspected my partially-clothed form in the mirror and was overall pleased at what I saw: A small waist, perky breasts with tan areolas that were just a little large, and an ample ass that was perhaps a little jiggly, but some people liked that. My long legs were probably my best asset. I was 5'7 and had often been complimented on my long legs. I skipped a bra as I didn't often wear them. I tried on about 10 different outfits before I settled on my favorite pair of dark wash jeans and a thin drapey T-shirt. 

I put on some light makeup and then sat down to wait. I watched some TV mindlessly, not able to concentrate on the show at all. My mind kept wandering to Laura. The idea of being so close to her soon made me both incredibly nervous and excited. What would I talk about? Would we touch? Would I get to finally run my hands over her smooth skin like I had fantasized about one thousand times? The chances were slim, but a girl can dream. I realized I should probably bring something over, so I picked out a bottle of Merlot that I had been saving for a special occasion. 

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, it was finally nine o'clock. I headed over to Laura's house, butterflies in my stomach. 

CHAPTER 5

I knocked, waiting a minute but there was no answer. Worried that she had forgotten, I knocked again and hoped for the best. Just as I was turning around, the door flung open and there she was. She was wearing a short black t-shirt dress that showed off her long, toned legs. The legs that I had imagined wrapped around me all the times I watched her through her window. 

"Hey! You made it! Come in!" she said excitedly. I walked in and thrust the bottle of wine at her. 

"A peace offering," I said sheepishly. 

"Ha, thanks, let me get some glasses," she said, walking towards the kitchen, "Have a seat on the couch, make yourself at home."

I grabbed a seat on the couch. I could see her opening cupboards in the kitchen through the doorway. As she reached up to grab the glasses from a high shelf, her dress shifted up, giving me a glimpse of bare cheeks. Was she not wearing any panties? I could feel myself getting wet at just the thought of that. I blushed and looked away before she could see me perving on her yet again. 

She came into the living room, holding two glasses and a bottle. Setting the glasses down on the coffee table with a clink, she said, "I was thinking we could watch a movie. Does that sound good to you?"

She started pouring the wine, bending over while doing it and giving me an ample look at her cleavage. 

I gulped. "Sure. Did you have anything in mind?" I asked, still casting glances down the front of her dress without trying to be too conspicuous. 

"I'm not picky. Do you have a Netflix? I've been mooching off a friend but they cancelled their subscription the other day," she asked.

"So that's what this is all about! You're just using me for my media access," I replied teasingly.

She handed me a glass of wine, our hands touching. It seemed like she lingered with her touch, but that could just be my imagination. 

"Well, that, and a maybe few other naughty reasons," she said, smiling deviously. Maybe her hands did linger...

"I can drink to that," I said, lifting my glass up. "Cheers!" We clinked our glasses together.

"So about that Netflix access..." she said. 

"Oh right, let me login real quick."

I typed in my username and password, but I had forgotten my recent viewing history, so when the screen pulled up there in my "Recently Watched" list was the quasi-pornographic movie starring an actress that looked suspiciously like Laura. And right under it were dozens more suggestions for erotic movies to watch. 

"Oh, um, whoops... stupid Netflix...late nights, you know?" I managed to splutter out.

Laura just laughed. "Wow you're cute when you're embarrassed. We all have our guilty pleasures." she said with a wink. "In fact," she continued, "how about we watch this one?" She reached over me to use the mouse and clicked on the steamiest-looking one. For a moment our skin was touching and I could feel the heat of her against me. I blushed and figured I must just be permanently some shade of red at this point. 

"Let me just turn off these lights..." she said as she got up from the couch and switched off all but a dim lamp in the corner. She sat back down, awfully close to me, and leaned over me again to press play on the keyboard. I was so nervous and excited I could barely focus on the movie. Luckily, it didn't have a complicated plot. Our legs were just barely touching and I wished I had worn a skirt to be able to feel the soft, bare skin of her thigh. I sipped my wine and tried to calm my nerves. Could she hear my fast breathing? I hoped not.

Half an hour passed and I was slowly relaxing a little. I had finished my glass of wine and Laura poured me another, which I was already halfway through. Laura was inscrutable; she was as cool as a cucumber like always. We continued watching the movie and I sipped the rest of my glass, hoping to gather up the courage to do something. Our legs were still touching, even more so in fact. It's all that I could concentrate on. 

About an hour into the movie she asked, "Is it okay if I put my legs on you? I need to stretch them out." Without even waiting for my answer she moved so her back was against the arm of the couch and stretched her long, bare legs across my lap. If my horniness was bad before, this made unbearable. Her body being so close to my pussy drove me wild. I leaned over to put down my glass of wine on the coffee table and used this as an opportunity to grab her legs with my other hand to make sure they didn't get pushed off my lap. Her skin was smooth and I resisted the urge to stroke up and down her calves. 

"Would you mind massaging my calves? They're so sore from my workout yesterday," she asked.

"Um. sure, no problem. Let me know how this feels," I replied.

"Let me flip around to make it easier for you to get at 'em," she said, and promptly rolled over, flipping her skirt up by accident in the process. Once again I saw her bare ass and got hot all over, especially in one particular area. My pussy was practically throbbing with tension. 

"Whoops! My bad," she said, and tugged at her dress. Even after that it just barely covered her cheeks. 

"No problem, I didn't really see anything," I lied, giggling nervously. I put my hands on her calves and started to gently knead them. Her flesh was supple, yet firm. The movie was still playing in the background but neither of us seemed to really be paying attention to it. She had her head buried in the pillow and I was stealing glances up her legs to her bottom. I'm glad she left a light on, I thought to myself. The low, warm lighting was perfect. It lit up her long, tanned legs and made them gleam. "Mmm, that feels amaaazing," she moaned into the pillow. I kept going and she kept letting out small moans of pleasure. Oh god, how can I maintain my composure with her making noises like that? I slowly started moving up her legs until I was massaging her thighs. 

"Harder," she said, her head still buried in the pillow. I kneaded her thighs harder, really digging into the flesh. I kept moving up, expecting her to stop me at some point, but she still didn't, even when I was inches from her perfect ass. She slid downwards until her ass was closer to me and her knees were right at my crotch level. I didn't know if this was an invitation to move on to massaging her butt, so I just kept at her thighs. After a minute or two, she looked back at me with a gleam in her eye and said, "Higher." Who am I to not oblige a lady's request? I moved my hands up and slowly pushed her dress out of the way and found out that she was wearing underwear after all, if a microscopic white lacy thong counts as underwear. Her ass truly was perfect. Round and full, but still firm with a bit of jiggle. I gently massaged it at first, until I heard "harder!" once more. I massaged harder and squeezed her firm flesh in my hands. I still couldn't believe that this was happening. I had dreamed about this moment for months, fantasizing over this ass and now I have it here in my hands. I could feel my panties getting soaked and the warmth radiating from my crotch. I wondered if she could feel it and blushed at the thought. 

Also, was I imagining it, or was her left knee perfectly placed on my clit? I couldn't resist anymore and pressed my pussy against her just slightly. My clit throbbed in agreement, and since she didn't move it away I pressed myself harder against her. Her knee stayed put and I rubbed myself slowly against her, reveling in the lovely sensation against my clit. All the while I continued to grope her glorious ass. Ahem, I mean, massage her glorious ass. I kneaded her flesh with my thumbs, getting dangerously close to the tiny string of her thong. She kept making these little moans, which only added fuel to my fire. Since she hadn't objected, I dropped every pretense and just let myself fully grind on her knee, even going as far as to push lightly on the back of it to apply more pressure to my throbbing pussy. All the while I was slowly getting closer and closer to that tantalizing thong, just barely visible nestled in between her lush ass cheeks.

When Laura gave no resistance, I ran my thumb underneath the string, getting a glimpse of her tight little asshole. She let out a low moan and I took that as an invitation to keep exploring. I ran my fingers lower, gently brushing over her mound. She squirmed, rubbing herself against my hand. Suddenly, she scooted forward and flipped over, sitting up and looking at me. Her eyes locked with mine, she pushed me down on the couch. She slowly unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them off, taking my panties with her. I lifted my ass and wiggled to help her out. She crawled on top of me and straddled my hips, bending down to kiss me. I was practically delirious with pleasure. I had dreamed of this moment for months, feeling her lips against mine. She parted her lips slightly, and her tongue gently found mine. She tasted sweet and slightly like the Merlot. She pressed her pussy into mine, grinding in slow, small circles that hit my clit with every pass. I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands, then made my way to her nipples. I rubbed them gently and could feel them getting hard underneath her thin bra. 

"Mmm harder," Laura moaned, grinding on me harder and faster. I started to pinch her hard nipples, but then she stopped. She grinned at me and pulled off her dress, "This should make it easier." I stared at her perfect body for a second, the very same one that I had stared at through the window. I must have stared a little too long, because she grabbed my hands and put them to her tits impatiently. I immediately started pinching her nipples again, pulling and twisting them lightly between my two fingers. She moaned loudly, eyes closed and mouth slightly open, her hair cascading down her back. She grinded on my pussy harder than ever, seemingly lost in the sensation.

I moved my hands down her back, lightly scratching it until I reached her ass. I grabbed it forcefully, pulling her even harder into my pussy. I started thrusting in time with her, letting out soft moans as each thrust brought me closer to the edge. But as good as this felt, I wanted something else. I pushed her slightly away from me so I could see her face. I kissed her deeply and then pulled away. She sat up on top of me and I pushed her forward, motioning for her to move forward onto my face. I couldn't wait to have her on my face and taste her pussy on my tongue. She grinned down at me, understanding what I wanted, and got off me for a second to peel off her soaked thong. 

Her pussy glistened under a small, well-groomed patch of light hair. She got back on me and straddled my head, then slowly lowered herself onto me. She immediately started grinding on me slowly. I sucked on her clit gently and lapped up her sweet juices. I kept my eyes open to take in the beautiful sight of her body. I started at her face, which was leaned back, eyes closed in pleasure. Her mouth was slightly open and she was breathing heavily, her slender neck taut. Her tits jiggled slightly as she moved up and down on me, the nipples hard. I reached up to grab them, unable to resist. I grabbed her nipples and twisted them hard. She moaned loudly at this and cried, "More!" I twisted even harder, pulling the nipples slightly. 

She grinded on me even faster and it was all I could do to just let her fuck my face with her wet pussy. I stuck my tongue out further and kept it rigid, letting her get pleasure from me. Her pussy juices leaked out of my mouth, covering my chin. I was enveloped by the musty, sweet scent of her sex. "Oh fuck," she moaned. I could feel her getting tenser, her thrusts speeding up and becoming jerkier, the sure sign of an impending orgasm. "Fuck, yes, yes, yes, I'm going to come!" she cried. I could barely see her face, but her mouth was open, her brow knitted in pleasure. She grabbed my hair tightly, her thighs squeezing my face. I could hardly breathe but I didn't care. I had only one thing on my mind: her climax. "Oh fuck, I'm coming," she moaned, a slight smile on her face. She tensed even more and her legs started shaking around me, still clamped around my face. After about thirty seconds, her shaking lessened and fell off of me, laughing slightly. She looked at me with a smile. "Wow."