 After the shock of being near raped by the two bull dykes in the room next door, I was well aware that Smith was in need of a great deal of TLC. I removed my hand from inside her bloomers and took her delicate face between my hands and started to kiss her shy lips, there was, at first, no response. It was as if she had been rendered numb. I half expected her to push me away, but, slowly, gradually, I felt her lips begin to part, and my tongue gained entry to her soft mouth.

"Honey, relax. We're in the army now, and we have to follow orders. We might as well enjoy it" I breathed into her ear. "We've come here for different reasons, but we must come together as a unit." I had decided I had my ideas of cumming together, and the challenge Kristi-Anne had given me with Smith was one I was beginning to relish. One sight of her beautiful tits had confirmed that!

I gently eased Smith onto the narrow bed. I sat over her, and stroked her firm, pert, small breasts with their incredibly pretty nipples. I rubbed flattened hands over her nips, barely touching them, allowing the static electricity between us to excite them. I started to play with her boobs, squashing them together and releasing them, tweaking and circling her nips, then bowing my head to them and starting to lick them all over. 

This was all instinct with me! I had never made love to another woman before, but I figured that what I would have liked was probably going to make her responsive. It worked like a charm, and my little virgin girlfriend started to respond. Her nipples became hard under my attentions, and I was now able to suck more strongly, rolling her nips around in my mouth, alternately running my tongue all around, and nibbling and sucking them. Smith had not only stopped whimpering – she had arched her neck back and parted her lips. She was taking short breaths and I even thought I heard an occasional low moan. 

Wow, was I enjoying this! Not only my first woman, but I was going to be her first ever fuck! The rush of excitement made itself felt in my cunt. I had endured so much bad sex over the past few years, I couldn't believe how naturally wet I was getting. For all the roughness, I had been very turned on by what I had witnessed in the next room, and I could still hear their bed banging against our party wall, and all sorts of filthy language coming through. I made up my mind that I was going to enjoy a bang with those two before too long.

I left one hand on Smith's tit, and used it to caress and fondle while I once again raised my mouth to hers. This time as my tongue found its way inside, I felt fleeting contact with hers. I went in search of it again, and chased her tongue with mine. Before too long they were darting about together. We were locked together in a passionate, never-ending kiss. 

I was now fantasising about endless fucking – Smith lying in the shallows on a tropical, white sand beach, my face lost in her wet and eager cunt, my tongue a probing soft cock, with the two Butches assaulting my own arse and box of juice . . . Smith started wriggling under my kisses and the attention to her breasts. 

All of a sudden she broke the kiss, and my reverie, and pushed me away. It was as if she had awoken from the shock she had been in.

"You – you – you too? You are a fi-fi-fi-filthy lezzie too?" 

"Well, not until tonight, honey" I assured her, at the same time moving forward to nuzzle her neck. "But by jingo, you are hot! Has no-one ever told you before that you have the most beautiful tits anyone could imagine?"

Smith blushed and tried to cover her breasts, but all she succeeded in doing was brushing her hands across her nipples, which made them stiffen again. She seemed a little surprised by her own response and gasped. It threw her off balance sufficiently long enough for me to dive my head towards one, and suck as much into my mouth as I could. 

"Oooooooooh" Smith let out a long sigh, and at last seemed to settle into the inevitable. She was still wearing those army issue huge underpants, so I started planning how to get them off, and get my fingers onto her unpopped cherry. 

At that moment I heard Kristy-Anne at my door. "Recruits! What's happening here! You are too slow. You need discipline."

Oh, no, I thought, this is going to blow things completely – Smith will freeze completely.

But, much to my surprise, Smith's eyes widened, her pupils dilated, her tits swelled and her nipples became engorged. For Smith could see Kristy-Anne over my shoulder. I turned slightly, and there she was, clad in black leather mistress gear. She was flicking a small riding crop against her thigh high patent leather boots. A body-hugging leather "outfit" was all else she "wore," though it covered only the bottom part of her tits, exposing her nipples. It was cut high on the thighs and exposed her belly, pubic area and slit. 

"Smith – underwear off!" she barked. "Bend over." Smith complied immediately, and then felt the force of the riding crop across her bare arse. Not once, but twice . . . no three times! "As your Commanding Officer, I order you onto that bed. Place your feet on the rails at the end of the bed, and spread your legs!" 

"You," she pointed the crop at me, "Spread her lips. Show me her hymen and expose her bud. NOW!" 

Smith arranged herself as commanded, and I knelt at the end of the bed and spread her cunt lips wide. I took her clit between thumb and forefinger and found it already engorged, but gently massaged it to coax the shiny pearl from its protective shell. Smith writhed on the bed. But by now, it was with excitement rather than in protest. My fingers were getting drenched with her slick juices. By instinct, I offered my hand to Kristy-Anne to lick. She acknowledged this, took my hand and wiped the slick across her own nipples. She then returned my hand to Smith's folds. 

"The virgin is right for the taking" I was told. "Stretch her with your tongue!" At last, my shorn head was diving into muff. I had waited to tip the velvet for so long, without even knowing that this is what I so craved. I let my tongue glide along each fold of her cunt lips, then circled her hole. I stiffened my tongue, and started probing deeper, first by thrusting the tip against the thin membrane of resistance. After not too long I could feel the pressure ease, and my tongue was dipping inside about 4 centimetres! I had done it, I had deflowered Smith! It wasn't as dramatic as I had imagined it might be, yet Smith was going wild! She was threshing around on the bed, and I became aware that she was grunting and groaning in a way not unlike the bulldykes next door! 

I was so hot for the job I started sucking and nibbling as well as tonguing. Then I knew that a tongue-lashing wasn't going to be enough to satisfy the butterfly that had emerged from this cocoon! Fingers had to be next, so I thrust one deep inside her, then two. Smith drew in a huge breath each time I added a finger, and gasped as I pumped them in and out. Her cunt was so tight, she must have felt she was going to be torn apart. Yet within minutes there was cum juice slithering all over my hand, and Smith's body was convulsed in her first ever orgasm. 

I withdrew my fingers from her box, and went up to Smith's side. I wafted my cummy fingers under her nose, and placed my index finger at the side of her mouth. Her eyes were closed, but she opened them her mouth, and sucked voraciously at her own cum. 

At that I heard clapping, and turned. Smith opened her eyes and we were staring at all the recruits clustered around Kristy-Anne applauding! "Better late than never" barked Davis. 

"Now, your turn" Kristy-Anne flicked her crop at me. "And you shall be MY pleasure."