 My girlfriend and me are a couple of kinky freaks who like to go what we call "slutting". That's when we find ourselves a foxy young babe or two, usually but not always dykes like us, bring them home, and then get real down and dirty until the wee, wee hours of the morning. One night last week we had picked up this delicious looking young lesbian model at a dyke bar we frequent, a gorgeous African-American knockout with silky mocha-hued skin. Everyone was eyeing her, with her low-at-the waist ultra short skirt and tight halter top exposing a lean, toned, brown midriff. We'd seen her pictures in mags and couldn't believe our luck when she slid up to us and right away started acting very interested. She looked just like a very famous black English model known for her wild misbehavior and temper tantrums, though Cherise was much younger and sleeker. So we cozied up, and after putting away quite a few cold beers we told her exactly what was on our minds, that we were in the mood for some nasty partying, and would she like to join us maybe. She didn't even have to think about it. A lewd smirk was our answer as the three of us headed out the door, Cherise telling us this was exactly what she was game for, a hot three-way orgy, the nastier the better.

"You got any toys back at your crib?" she asked as the three of us waited in front of the club for a cab. 

"We got plenty," I told her, giving Jane a look.

"Cool! I jus' love playing with toys," Cherise hissed.

Jane and I couldn't help smiling at each other. We're a real couple of dildo freaks, so this sleek young brown-skinned bitch looked like she was made for us.

"We got toys you ain't going to believe," Jane purred, teasing the slut.

So it was going to be that kind of an evening!

Cherise was a gorgeous, hardbodied thing, tall and slender, a mocha-skinned beauty with the kind of face that, as they say, could launch a thousand ships, and arouse a thousand clits! She reeked of sex. You should have seen the foxy young cunt! She was just about drooling on the cab ride over to our place, sitting between us and sliding her itchy fingers up our thighs, trying to feel some pussy through our tight, worn jeans. Cherise herself was wearing a little leather mini-skirt and we both would've been happy to slide our hands up her sleek thighs and cop a feel, except the cab driver was staring into his rear-view mirror enough as it was, and we didn't want to risk an accident. Not when party time was coming up!

We live on the forty-second floor of an East Side high rise, so it was going to be a long elevator ride up. The hour was late and it was just the three of us in the elevator. Now we figured we'd get in that feel we couldn't in the back of the cab. After all, Cherise already spent plenty of squeeze time between our legs, feeling our hot goodies through the denim. So as Jane turned to face Cherise I got behind her as both of us reached down to work our hands under her short leather skirt and between her legs.

"Oh yeah, feel me up!" she squealed, wriggling her tight bottom as she felt our probing fingers. And what those fingers found was wet flesh! The horny bitch wasn't even wearing any panties! And when I say wet, I mean wet. Her pussy was dripping! Even her thighs were all sticky from the way her cunt nectar must've seeped down there.

We each slid a finger up her slick cunt as she oohed and ahhed, wiggling like an eel. Then I figured I'd let Jane have Cherise's pussy to herself on this elevator ride up, and I reached an inch back, finding Cherise's anus. With all that seepage from her aroused cunt, she was wet between her cheeks too.

"Uh huh, stick it in my ass!" she growled, turning her neck to look back at me, a lewd grimace animating her beautiful face.

So as Jane kept feeling up her cunt, I slid a finger up her tight asshole. She loved it, groaning as she pushed back on my finger, wanting it deep in her rectum. Finally Jane pulled her fingers out of the foxy model's pussy and licked them lewdly, then offered those two wet fingers to Cherise who greedily sucked on them herself.

"Yum, yum," Cherise purred, licking her lips, obviously savoring the taste of her own cunt. 

That made me pull my finger out of her ass and bring it around to her mouth.

"Feel like tasting this one too?" I asked as she eagerly sucked on the finger I had just been digging up her rectum. Jane and I looked at each other and smiled. This kinky bitch was exactly our speed, eager to suck on a finger freshly pulled straight out of her asshole. That's just the kind of hot, nasty action that makes my clit twitch, and Jane's too.

Looking up, I saw the elevator was approaching the 25th floor. There was still plenty of time on the ride up. So I reached down again and slid my finger back up Cherise's hot, eager ass, pulling it out and this time sucking it myself as Cherise turned back to watch, groaning as she gazed at me having a taste of her butt.

"Let me suck on that too," Jane pleaded as I extended the finger to her mouth. Jane sucked on the finger lewdly as she stared into Cherise's eyes.

"Glad you two bitches like the taste of my funky ass," Cherise hissed sexily as she pushed her butt back against me, wanting a little more finger action in her rear. But by now the elevator was approaching our floor so I figured we'd save anything else for when we were behind closed doors.

Which is where we were about twenty seconds later.

And about twnety seconds after that all our clothes were off and we were at it like a trio of sex-starved maniacs. Fingers and tongues dug into pussies and assholes. Tits got mauled and clits licked and sucked until all three of us got off not once, but twice each, panting with excitement and exhaustion.

But after a very short break the sparkle was back in Cherise's eyes.

"What about all those toys you two bitches said you had?" Cherise reminded us as Jane happily scampered off the bed to our closet and came back with our big bag of toys. When we emptied all the dildos and vibrators and buttplugs out onto the bed, Cherise's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.

"Oh fuck, look at 'em all!" Cherise squealed excitedly.

Among these toys one really stood out. It was an enormously oversized and very life-like strap-on dildo which was our absolute favorite. And coincidently this dildo happened to be brown in color, perfectly suited for Cherise. Our guest, freak that she was, immediately zeroed in on that prizewinner, as I expected she would.

"Shit, it's huge!" she hissed as she picked it up and closely examined it. "It's thicker than my wrist."

Jane and I looked at each other and smirked. We were very familiar with its thickness, and the dreamy things that hard thickness could do to a girl's insides.

I explained to Cherise how this dildo was supposed to have been molded from the real live cock of a very hung black gay porn star. I told her that me and Jane had actually gotten our hands on a video of this dude's so we could see the real thing in action. That sure tweaked her interest.

"You still got that video?" she asked

"Yeah," I said, winking at Jane.

"Well, shit, let's watch it!" Cherise urged.

So we watched the video, gazing with unblinking eyes at that obscenely endowed black stud feeding his enormous dick to a couple of hungry queers, then burying it up their tight, horny bottoms.

"Oh man, look at the way they take that thing up the ass!" Cherise gasped in amazement.

I smiled at Jane. Those studs up on the TV screen weren't the only sluts happy to take those thick inches up their hot bottoms! A perfectly scaled facsimile of that cock -– the one Cherise was now clutching in her hand -- had filled my rectum and Jane's many times.

"Wanna strap it on, Cherise?" I suggested as she handled the dildo, staring at it. I couldn't wait to see what this tall, lean, mocha beauty would look like with a thick, ten inch rubber cock sticking straight up from her smooth, toned, washboard midriff.

"Yeah, strap it on and then fuck me with it!" Jane hissed at her. My little girfriend can be such a slut sometimes.

"Uh huh, bitch! I'll strap this baby on and fuck the shit out of you," Cherise enthused. "I love strapping 'em on. Gotta admit, though, I never strapped one on this big before, that's for sure!"

The first thing the sleek slut asked us as the we left the club was whether we had any toys at our place. So it was no surprise hearing that she liked strapping big rubber cocks to herself and then making some nasty use of them.

I helped Cherise work the leather harness around her waist and between her legs as Jane watched with spellbound eyes, her fingers between her legs unconsciously playing with her pussy. Jane just can never seem to keep her fingers off her young, horny cunt. If I'm not licking or fondling it, or working on her with some big toy, the sex-crazed bitch can't help making her pussy home to her eager fingers. Her asshole too. She has almost as big an itch between her buttocks as she does between her thighs. Damn! If there's one thing that makes my own clit itch it's watching my sleek young beauty of a girlfriend lewdly finger her own asshole while I look on. 

"Shit yeah!" Jane panted as she stared at Cherise now. "Look at you, stud, you're really hung!" 

Cherise stood there, fisting it, strutting her stuff for us.

"Before I fuck you with it, you're gonna have to suck some of this big black dick," Cherise hissed at Jane, staring at her with a lustful, blistering gaze.

"No problem, I'll suck anything you got for me to suck," Jane said, matching Cherise for pure, raw, lewdness. I just laid back and listened to the scorching repartee, smiling to myself, delighted as hell we'd decided to bring this slutty brown-skinned beauty back home with us.

Jane and I love it like this, when we team up with a third, getting rough and nasty right from the start, plunging straight away into a really hardcore scene. Most dykes, they like to get all soft on you. But me and Jane, when we get together with other sluts for sex we like our sex to be very, very raunchy! That's the kind of mood we were in tonight when we went out clubbing and found Cherise, this depraved young sex freak model who was about to feed her big rubber cock to my ravenous slut of a girlfriend.

Cherise waved the big dildo in Jane's face.

"Go on, suck my dick, slut!" she barked.

"I'm gonna suck the shit out of it!" Jane growled, looking straight into Cherise's eyes as she took hold of the thick, ten inches. Then I just laid back and watched Jane devour that cock the same way she did when I had it strapped to myself. Jane may be a young dyke, like me. But when it comes to cocksucking, she's second to none. As long as the cock is made of rubber or leather and, preferably, strapped to a slut.

And she had picked up some pointers watching videos where the dude from whose cock this dildo was molded worked over studs with his thick tool. We watched in amazement once as this one young stud took every one of the ten inches all the way down his hungry, faggot throat. That made Jane determined to accomplish the same thing. And after many attempts, she succeeded in taking every inch down her own throat. As she was now proving to an amazed Cherise, who knelt by Jane's face, looking down and watching as slowly and steadily Jane took it all down the hatch, her lower lip kissing the rubber balls.

"That's pretty fucking impressive," Cherise marveled.

I had used the same words when I first saw Jane swallow it.

Now it was fuck time and I just leaned back and watched the next installment of the show as Cherise screwed Jane in just about every position until Jane was a sweaty, cummed-out, fucked-out bitch, and Cherise was panting with exhaustion from all her vicious thrusting into Jane's very receptive body.

Finally Cherise just dropped back, panting from all the hard work, her sleek brown body and smooth mocha skin glistening with the sheen of a fine film of sweat. But I saw that nasty gleam in Jane's eyes and knew that she was far from finished. My girlfriend is the most totally insatiable slut I have ever known.

"How about now you fuck me in the ass with it?" she said to Cherise.

"In the ass?" Cherise said, amazed, looking down at it, taking the now cunt-slickened shaft in her hand. "This? Up your ass?"

"That's what I said; that what I'm in the fuckin' mood for," Jane told Cherise, looking over at me with a lewd smile. Jane knew how much I liked to fuck her up the butt with this huge strap-on. And she also was well aware I'd love nothing better than watching this gorgeous young black girl screwing the shit out of Jane's hot young ass.

"Yeah, that's what she's in the mood for," I told Cherise, "and, believe me, I know all about her moods."

"And how much I like it up the ass, right?" Jane purred lewdly.

"Yeah, how much you crave it up the ass."

Cherise took it all in, loving every moment.

So now Jane turned around on her elbows and knees and stuck out her trim little ass in Cherise's face, reaching back to hold herself open and teasing Cherise with a glimpse of that puckered little jewel she so desperately wanted to be filled by the rubber cock that just filled her cunt.

"This tight little shithole is just for you," Jane cooed as Cherise just about drooled, gazing with raw hunger at the exposed sphincter.

"For my what?" Cherise teased.

"For your cock. I want that big cock of yours up my ass... up my fuckin ass!" she hissed like an alley cat begging for some vicious sodomy.

"Don't you think maybe you should take a dump first, or have me give you an enema?" I asked Jane.

Whenever me and Jane get into a really heavy anal scene where we slam big, long dildos up our assholes we usually take a shit or flush each other out first.

"Nah, I can't wait. I want it up my ass right now!" " Jane hissed.

"Hell, if that's what you want, I know you well enough that's what you're gonna insist on getting," I said, aware that overpowering lust, as so often was the case with Jane, was getting the better of prudence.

Cherise and me looked at each other and smiled, then both dropped down behind Jane as she waved her little rump at us like a slut in desperate heat, reaching back to hold herself wide open, showing it off. That's one of Jane's favorite things, friskily spreading apart her buttocks so she can show her cute, puckered asshole off to the world. Once, at a little dyke orgy, Jane really revved things up and got everyone's attention when she turned around, spread 'em wide open, and winked at a roomful of sluts with her pretty asshole. Soon a half-dozen sluts were crowding around, eager to get their wet tongues and stiff fingers into that shithole of Jane's. And that was before the toys came out of the closet!

"Mmmmh, yum, yum! Let's get this hole ready," Cherise purred, digging in to lap away at the lewdly exposed sphincter. During that first round all three of us got to chew on each other's bottoms. But now Jane's hole was ground zero, desperately eager to welcome the thick, hard inches of Cherise's strap-on.

"Oh yeah, lap it up! Eat out my fuckin asshole!" Jane screeched, reaching around with a hand to press Cherise's face between her cheeks. 

"Let me have a taste," I begged. I can never get enough of my girlfriend's asshole, and Jane knows it. Cherise moved her face aside and watched me lap away at Jane's crack now, the two of us staring into each other's eyes as I dragged my tongue all over her anal crevice.

"Me and Karen, we love eating out a hot asshole," Jane announced as I stepped aside and let Cherise get in a little more rimming.

"As if Cherise couldn't tell!" I cackled. Earlier Jane just about went nuts eating out the tall model's shithole, Cherise groaning and moaning, clawing away at her clit as Jane made a meal of her sphincter. Now it was Cherise who seemed like she couldn't get enough, lapping away sloppily at Jane's asshole like it was the rarest of gourmet treats.

"Okay, she's ready for this now," I said, grabbing a tube of lubricant as Cherise finally pulled her eager tongue out of Jane's crack. Cherise watched with wide-open eyes, panting excitedly as I slapped a big dab between Jane's cheeks, Jane squealing lustily, knowing she was getting lubed for a rough, nasty ass-fuck. 

"Oooooh yeah, grease me up!" she growled. "Grease me up real good. I need it for that big, thick cock of Cherise's"

"Yeah, this cock is thick," Cherise hissed, vividly fisting that thick hunk of rubber. "And I'm gonna bury every last inch up your hot little muthafuckin' shithole."

I took my time lubing Jane's hole, driving stiff fingers up her ass, working the lubricant deep into her rectum.

"Now grease this up," Cherise said, pointing to her cock.

So I switched over to Cherise, spreading some more grease over the ample surface of her cock as Jane turned to watch.

"Oh yeah, grease it up, grease it up for my ass!" she howled.

"I think you two bitches are good and ready," I said as Jane reached back to hold herself wide open. Then Cherise knelt behind her as I helped her work the dildo into Jane's crack. 

Staring at the big, greased knob of the rubber cock sitting right up against Jane's slippery little sphincter, I could see how intensely aroused Cherise was by what she was about to do. She was just dying to get inside Jane's eager little bottom. 

And so she just pushed forward and I watched in amazement as the big knob slid right up, and disappeared out of sight in Jane's anal passage. 

"Oh fuck! Does that ever feel good!" Jane howled, pushing back now, impaling herself on the hugely thick rubber cock. Her anal ring was stretched to the limits, wrapped tightly around the intruder.

Jane is a petite, slender blonde with a girlish figure and a picture-perfect face. She has milk white skin, big blue eyes, and a blond ponytail, all befitting her Swedish ancestry. And so the obscenely thick brown dildo, with its life-like veins, looked especially striking parked right between her trim, firm, girl-like buttocks. I always loved the sight myself whenever I rammed that big rubber cock up Jane's hot little ass. Now I was watching another slut do the same, fucking Jane's bottom with deep, smooth strokes. 

Jane not only took it, now she was pushing back savagely, spearing herself on Cherise's oversized reamer as Cherise held onto Jane's hips. Howling in depraved joy, throwing her head from side to side, panting and sweating, her ponytail swinging, Jane really went crazy as Cherise buried inch after inch of the shaft up Jane's hungry ass until the whole thing was inside her and had completely disappeared from sight, Cherise's rubber balls slapping against Jane's ass cheeks. 

Jane now had more than ten thick inches of rubber cock buried all the way up her rectum, deep inside her bowels.

"That's it, screw her!" I hissed. "Work that big cock of yours up her hot fuckin' asshole! The bitch loves it!"

The tall model grabbed hold of Jane's trim hips and fucked her with a nice, hard, steady rhythm, working it in deep, pulverizing that hot bottom,

"Shit! It's in so fuckin' deep it feels like it's gonna come out of my fuckin' mouth!" Jane groaned, craning her neck to look back at us.

"You love it deep like that, huh?" Cherise growled as she kept up the sodomizing.

She went at it for at least ten minutes, Jane moaning and groaning, a fine film of sweat breaking out over her body as she endured the ferocious rectal assault.

"Oh shit, I think that may just be my limit," she finally said. "You better pull out for awhile now, Cherise."

Cherise slowly withdrew her rubber cock from Jane's ass, and as she did Cherise and I stared at the shaft in amazement, then looked at each other. The reason for our amazement was that the ten-inch long rubber shaft was now heavily streaked and smeared with Jane's shit!
