 This is for all the devoted fans of Lesbian Army Life, who pleaded and requested more…enjoy! 

Smith and I had grown together as a couple more than we could have imagined that first day when we had been thrown together in barracks. Smith and I now fit together as buddies, comrades and lovers. We went to sleep each night sucking each other out, we often woke in the night and rocked ourselves back to sleep with our regulation Army issue dildo, and when Smith woke promptly at 5.07am each morning (a lifetime habit, apparently), she shook the morning heebie jeebies out of me by squeezing my tits as a prelude to another round of delectable fucking. 

There had been plenty of bad sex in my life, and nothing, simply nothing, as good as what I had been getting the last 21 days and nights. Far from feeling tired and worn out though, I was invigorated, energised, in a constant state of tingling arousal and anticipation. Sometimes I found that I had to break off whatever I was doing, be it polishing my boots, or waxing the leather harness that held our chickdicks and seek release, from my own hands if alone, or preferably with Smith sucking and fucking with me. 

Saturday morning three weeks later, and we were called on Parade before sunrise. Smith and I were half way towards cumming, but knew we had to rush into our fatigues, pull on our leather boots and be present for Parade. We arrived just in time and then our CO, my cousin Kristy-Anne, began to bark orders. We stumbled through our drills as the sun began to spread its first weak beams across the parade ground. 

Immediately after Parade it was haircut time. I usually went Wednesday and Saturday for a touch up shave around my ears and up the back of my neck. The only difference now was that I was beginning to tan in these hitherto unexposed places, and the crisp ‘white walls' were disappearing. I was soooo wet for the feel of stubble that I had an orgasm every time the barber turned on the clippers! Initially Smith had resisted the weekly barber shop visit – in the first couple of weeks she still missed her long hair. She said she felt more exposed and naked with her buzzcut than she did with her pantyless cunt in my face! But as she got used to being in my face, she too began to look forward to the hum and buzz of the clippers. This was major fetish territory we had entered, all thanks to the Army. 

This week I had decided to get Smith's pussy shaved. Not only had I never made love with another woman until 3 weeks ago, nothing would have been further from my mind in that other fast-receding life than believing I would desire a woman with a bald pussy! But the last few days and nights I had thought of little else. Now I had experienced the pleasure of sliding my tongue along the smooth inner folds of her rose petal cunt lips, what would it feel like running my tongue over a smooth bare mound? What would the sight be like of her tantalising bud, the hood peeled back, the glistening tiny orb standing red and proud? And then, what would it feel like in a week, rasping my tongue over the stubbly regrowth? 

I was lost in these thoughts, feeling the humid wetness spreading between my legs when I sensed that Kristy-Anne had dismissed the company and Smith was standing breast to breast with me her sweet breath blowing gently in my ear as she whispered "An orgasm for your thoughts!" 

I grabbed her immediately and pulled her across the parade ground to the timber hut housing the barbershop. I sat her on the top step, just as we had done on our first day when she had sobbed for her lost tresses. 

"Smith, do you trust me?"

She replied "Honey, we're in the army now. We have learned to be comrades. We have learned to trust each other whole-heartedly. You don't need to ask!" 

"Good", I replied, "because I have a surprise for you. But you must trust me entirely." I pulled from my pants pocket a cotton bandana, and placed it over Smith's eyes, then tied it at the back of her head, blindfolding her. 

Smith merely sighed and placed her small soft hands on my hips as I stood in front of her. She leaned forward so that her nose was nudging into the v between my legs. She started laughing as she detected dampness, and sniffed in my scent of arousal…

I pulled Smith to her feet, guided her to an about face and opened the door at the top of the step. It lead directly into the barbershop. Over in the corner the head barber was busying herself with cutthroat razors and leather strops, sharpening the tools for the Saturday influx. I could see her checking the various clippers arrayed along the benches, and the different comb attachments. Nattrass was the name of the barber –a Staff Sergeant with a well-defined, muscular body. It was rumoured that her torso, arms and legs were covered with tattoos, but none of the recruits had ever seen an indication as her limbs were always completely covered whenever we were in her domain. What was distinctive and extraordinary was that she shaved her head all over (mmmmmmmm), but on her chin sported a small goatee beard! I had elderly aunts back home who developed facial hair in old age, but I had never seen a woman in what must have been her early 30's with a beard. I wondered whether she took male hormones. 

Nattrass looked up and saw us reflected in the mirror. She opened her mouth to bark an order when she saw Smith was blindfolded. I pushed Smith into the large red barber's chair and put my index finger to my mouth to indicate to Nattrass a complicity of silence, and at the same time approached her on the other side of the room. I stood to attention and saluted. 

Nattrass indicated I should stand easy, and in silence raised a quizzical eyebrow. In response, I pointed to one of the cutthroat razors and then to Smith. Nattrass followed my gesticulations, and then broke into a broad grin when I went and stood next to Smith, pointed to her cunt and mimed a lathering up and shaving motion. She dipped her head in conspiratorial assent. 

I leant over and kissed Smith behind her ears, then trailed kisses down her neck and eventually onto her lips. Smith was such a great kisser and always managed to intensify my desire just via contact with her mouth and tongue. As I was kissing her, Nattrass lowered the large leather barber's chair and titled it back and then taking Smith's wrists, placed them in clamps which attached to the sides of the chair.

Smith winced slightly and pulled against the cuffs, but Nattrass was smoothly fixing matching clamps around her ankles. I placed my hand over Smith's mound and stroked it through her khaki trousers, knowing Smith, against Army routine, would have neglected to put on underwear. Smith had confided to me that she adored the feel of the heavy cotton twill seam against her clit and cunt; it helped keep her aroused all day. It also left a moist slick which hardened after a few days into a crusty residue on her trousers which she pushed my nose in to when she undressed at night. It always made me even hornier, and meant each night started once more with a fuck-scene. 

Once Smith was securely cuffed, and remained blindfolded, I stripped off my drill shirt and pants. I spread my legs very wide and, now Smith's head was horizontal, and low to the floor, I straddled the barber's chair, my twat directly above Smith's face. She sniffed a little, then again, and a smile spread across her face as she realised what she was smelling. Slowly, I lowered myself so that my gash was a millimetre from Smith's mouth. She had started darting her tongue out, sensing what was so near….and with the next slash of her tongue I clamped my hole over her mouth. Smith made the only movements possible for her ….she lapped and slurped at my cunt, and raised her mound from the chair as far as her legs, clamped securely in place, would allow her. As I was facing her mound, I placed my hands firmly on her inner thighs and pushed down, holding her still. At that moment, Nattrass, using a soft shaving brush, swirled the brush with shaving cream all over Smith's surprisingly hairy twat. She had long, straight hair, almost like head, rather than pubic hair. I was now losing count of the number of times I had buried my face in it and licked the drops of chick-dew from them. 

Smith tried to gasp at the sensation of the brush, but found it impossible as I twisted my wide open slit more securely against her mouth and chin. I was grinding my clit against her jaw bone, and holding her pussy firm as Nattrass took up the razor and started to shave Smith as bare as a baby. Smith winced a little as she felt the cold metal scrape against her mound. 

"Hold still baby" I urged Smith, "and nothing will get hurt". Smith, realising what was happening to her, complied. In fact, the urgency and vigour with which she ate me out increased to a frantic pace. I could feel the release welling in me, and knew I was going to spurt juice all over her in the near future. But I held it back, waiting for what I judged would be the right moment. 

Now Nattrass no longer needed my help keeping Smith quiet, I released my hands and used them to tweak and fondle my own tits. I have never had a problem making myself cum this way, but never as sensationally as in the weeks since I had joined the Army and discovered my Inner Dyke! 

Nattrass scraped the last of the cream and hair from her blade, and dabbed a small towel over Smith's now bare womanhood. She went to her steamer and came back with a steaming hot towel. At the moment that she placed it over Smith's cunt, I rased myself slightly from Smith's face – she let out an almighty scream at the unexpected heat, and I screamed my almighty orgasm, squirting woman-cum directly into Smith's open mouth and more such that it dribbled on her nose, down her cheeks and across her chin. 

At that moment, the door was flung open and the outline of Kristy-Anne appeared in the doorway, silhouetted against the strong sun behind her, legs astride, riding crop in hand, and a furious look on her face. 

"You!" she pointed the crop at me "Off!" 

I trembled as I backed off and stood at the head of the chair. Kristy-Anne strode into the room, ripped the blindfold from Smith's eyes, and cracked her crop against her cunt. 

"Who gave permission for this?" she demanded. By this time Nattrass was standing to attention and saluting. Her goatee-chin was pointed out, her eyes focussed on the far wall. 

"It was all my idea" I stammered…"I didn't realise there was a prohibition on shaving cunts…." My voice trailed off. 

"There is NOW" barked Kristy Ann. "You are going to pay for this immediately." 

She ordered me to raise my arms and cross them above my head. She gesticulated to Nattrass, who seemed to understand her eye movements and body language. The barber appeared at my side with an array of leather straps and metal. She strapped my hands together, and, forming a strap loop of about a foot, led me to the far wall, where, high up there were spigots emerging from the wall. She then attached a clamp through the leather binding and attached me to the wall. I was standing on tiptoes, my arms stretched above my body. Nattrass then attached metal clamps to each of my nipples. 

I was writhing as this occurred – I had heard about this wacko bondage stuff, and wanted no part of it. But each time I strained or physically resisted, Kristy Ann flicked her crop across my arse, my tits or my snatch. 

Oh, my god, I thought, Kristy Ann is going to torture me….this will be the end of my Army career. 

Smith has been watching all this and crying out, however she was helpless to move, as she was still clamped firmly to the barber's chair. Although I was at the end of the room closest to Smith's head I could see her quivering, bare, white mound, and could imagine the gaping honeypot between her legs. I longed to fuck it and lick it and suck it and spend hours buried amidst its velvety smoothness. Such should have been my due. Instead, I thought, I am going to be brutalised by my cousin! 

As that thought lingered in my imagination, Kristy-Anne unzipped her standard Army issue trousers. She fiddled inside a moment, and out popped a huge dildo! My god, that's bigger than any cock I've ever known, even in my whoring days I had never seen anything like it. I was starting to warm to the sight of it, especially when attached to my beautiful cousin! My cunt spasmed a little in appreciation, thinking this wouldn't be too bad after all! 

But, Kristy Ann turned the tables again and went to the opposite end of the room, at Smith's feet. She looked into MY eyes as she plunged that monstrous chickdick into Smith…..