 My humble apologies for deserting my loyal readers over such a long time. Forces and circumstances beyond my control, I am afraid. I hope you enjoy the next instalment. . . (you may find it pleasurable to read parts 1, 2 and 3 as well)

*********

My cousin, my Commanding Officer in every way, Kristy-Ann, was screwing the beejesus out of my girlfriend, fellow army recruit, Smith. She had a huge chick-dick that she forced brutishly into Smith's now runny cunny. Who was this mad dominatrix trying to torture -- me or Smith? Or both of us? Well, that's a no-brainer! 

In the 21 days since Smith and I had arrived at basic training camp we had been turned into ferocious dykes. There's no polite way of saying it -- we were now cunt crunchers. And that's what this elite women-only unit wanted from us. They demanded absolute loyalty to your buddies, and had recruited Kristy-Ann to forge new methods of achieving those special bonds. Kristy-Ann knew that if the women in her command had an unquenchable thirst for each others' bodies, they would fight alligators in swamps, sharks in oceans and sandflies in deserts to protect their lovers. 

Smith had been turned from a demure and insipid private school virgin, and I from an ex-whoring hippie to loyal and partisan lesbians. 

But this was a whole other thing. I was strapped to a wall, my arms tied in twisted leather shackles as I watched my relative fuck my girl in the barber shop. I was loving every minute of it, and getting hornier and squirmier with every bang of the dildo into the delicious hole at then centre of the pussy which had been shaved bare not five minutes earlier. Smith's eye covering bandana had been removed, and she looked at me with the filmy vision of the sexually enraptured. 

Nattrass, the barber, was still standing at attention, her goatee bearded chin twitching as she observed the scene in her domain. I could only guess if Nattrass actually ever had sex, she lived on a camp stretcher in the corner of her wooden hut, and didn't share barracks with the other recruits, or officers. 

Kristy-Ann flicked her riding crop in Nattrass's direction, and in an instant the older woman was ripping at my fatigues, and cutting down the side of my trousers with a pair of giant shears. She then knelt on the hard floor and, pressing her face into my honeybox, cupped my ass in her huge hands and pushed me closer, closer, closer into her face. 

She slashed wildly at my slit with her tongue, and gripped my clit between her teeth, ever so carefully, but nevertheless with great force, causing it to twist this way and that. I was in fucking delights of agony. Smith was cumming hard and I was about to do the same. It happened. With a crescendo of noise we writhed in the limited way we could given we were both shackled in our different ways.

Kristi-Ann turned to me and said "Your pleasure, Mesdames, is our pleasure." Turning to me, she pointed towards a glass fronted cabinet housing all the barber's paraphernalia and said " When I observed on the closed circuit TV your initiative in having Smith's box shaved smooth, I rushed over here immediately. Well done!" 

So this was a reward, not punishment! How much better life is now we're in the Army! 

And yet, I wanted more. My sexual insatiability was becoming a niggling worry. I could hardly make it through a meal, a parade, an exercise or any activity without wantonly desiring more sexual gratification. And this, too Kristy-Ann had anticipated, so her next announcement was more like the punishment I had expected. 

As soon as she released us from our bonds, she barked "Collect your bivouac kits from barracks IMMEDIATELY, and report to the Parade Ground. You are each going to spend a week in the forests, starting 20 miles apart from each other. Your job is to hunt each other down like prey in order to satisfy your lust. You must use ALL your senses to complete this task." 

What she didn't tell us was that each of the other recruit-couples had already been sent out with the same mission. A dozen dykes hyped up and gagging for sex out in the woods....