 A NIGHT ON THE TOWN

The two of us were lying together on the bed relaxing and catching our breaths after our first sex together when we decided it was time to clean ourselves up.

"Did you see the shower in the bathroom?" Abby asked. 

"Why no," I answered.

"Then come in and I'll show you," Abby said.

And so we both went into the bathroom together. Abby turned the water on and together we climbed into the shower where we cleaned ourselves off.

Abby cleaned me off, first.

She gave me a wonderfully slow and gentle massage to my back. 

I then returned the favor and gave Abby a wonderful massage.

We both rinsed and washed the smells of sex off of each other. Afterwards, we kissed each other and we both felt that something special had happened to the two of us. We realized that a deep special bond had developed between the two of us. It was a bond that once it was formed would never be broken.

It was a bond of true love.

For I was becoming a full-fledged lesbian.

We both got out of the shower and then I looked at my watch and realized that it was approaching 5:00. 

I immediately got dressed and decided that it was time to head home.

"Sorry, Abby, I have to go home," I told Abby.

"What for?" Abby asked.

"5:00," I said, "have to get back to the house to make dinner for Howard and I."

"Sorry I kept you for so long," Abby said.

Oh, think nothing of it," I said, "I had a wonderful time helping you out."

"You want to do this, again?" Abby asked.

"Why sure," I said, "I'll call you and let you know when".

"Alright," Abby said.

"Have a nice evening," I said.

"You too," Abby said.

"Bye," I said.

FIVE DAYS LATER:

Five days had passed since my first meeting with Abby. Since then my sexual feelings for her were only growing stronger by the day. Now, whenever I think of good hot sex I didn't think of Howard and his handsome masculine hairy body any more. I now think of Abby with her beautiful shapely body, her nice big and firm breasts and her beautiful blue eyes and long flowing blond hair.

I knew there would be times when her commitment to her studies at school would make it impossible for the two of us to be together. But deep in my heart, I was hoping to hear from her even if it was just on the phone.

Meanwhile, I tried to carry on with my marriage to Howard as if nothing had happened at all.

I continued to lead a happy normal life with Howard. Things would continue normally, as if nothing out of the ordinary would continue for awhile.

Except for one major difference: I suddenly lost all interest in having sex with Howard. Yes, we would continue to have good sex. But, as time wore on, I found the sex to be dull and uninteresting.

I had to face the truth. Ever since I met Abby, I was attracted sexually to her and all the dirty thoughts I had when Howard and I had sex were about Abby not Howard.

And then one day, while I was cleaning the house, the phone rang.

It was Abby!!.

"Angela?" Abby asked.

"This is Angela," I answered, "who is this?"

"This is me, Abby," Abby answered.

"Abby?" I replied, "where have you been all this time?"

"I was busy starting my classes at school," Abby replied.

"I missed you so much," I said.

"I missed you,too," Abby replied.

And then Abby surprised me with what she told me next.

"Say, Angela," Abby said.

"What is it, Abby," I asked.

"How would you like to come with me to this new night club that I just found out in the campus newspaper," Abby said, "it's called the Club Sappho. It's located just across the Susquehanna River over in Kingston. It's an exclusive club for lesbians only and I thought that you and I would like to try it out."

"Why sure I would," I answered, "when does it open?"

"It opens around six," Abby responded, "and continues until 2:00 AM."

"Gee, what shall I tell Howard?" I asked.

"Just tell him you're going out for a while," Abby replied.

"Are you sure I'm going to like this place?" I asked. 

"You're going to love it," Abby said.

"Okay, then, I'll try it," I said.

And so at 7:00 PM Abby came over and picked me up in her car. We drove the next five minutes to the Club Sappho. When we both walked into the club it was like I had just gone to heaven.

The club was a lesbian club to beat all lesbian clubs. There were all kinds of lesbians there:

Black Lesbians, Latina Lesbians, Older-younger couples (such as Abby and I), Butch Lesbians, Lipstick Lesbians all together to drink, dance and have a wonderful time together.

Abby immediately went over and bought the two of us some drinks and we took our seats at a table.

"Well, Angela, how do you like it so far?" Abby asked.

"Wow, this is quite a place," I answered.

"You like it, so far?" Abby asked.

"I think I'm going to like it," I said.

Abby and I each had our drinks and then after awhile we go the dance floor together dancing to the latest music. We rocked away the night together; other times we put our arms together and slow danced the night away.

We danced together for about a half-hour when Abby dropped the big surprise on me.

"How would you like to go to the Pink Room?" Abby asked.

"What's the Pink Room?" I asked.

"The Pink Room is also known around here as the orgy room. There lesbian couples gather for some hot sex," Abby explained, "you want to try it?"

"Is it safe?" I asked.

"Sure it's safe," Abby said, "don't be scared, try it. Here, let me take your hand and we'll walk in together."

And so throwing caution to the wind, we both entered the Pink Room. Man, it was like a dream. The room was dimly lit. To my surprise we were the only two people in the room.

My body was starting to weaken as I took in the sight of this dimly lit orgy room.

Abby turned up the heat by taking her clothes off slowly and gently.

Then, after she became totally naked, Abby proceeded to remove my clothes. Se began by removing my shirt, then my bra, then my pants and finally my panties.

Then, she took me by the hand and we finally sat down on the cushioned pillows on the floor. We both began by kissing each other so softly on the lips. A few minutes of erotic foreplay took place as we played and fondled our bodies. I then took my tongue and gave Abby's went down on her beautiful and big breasts. Afterwards, my tongue went down all over her luscious body and just as I was about to lick her pussy, Abby stopped me and gave me a wonderful idea.

"How about we do a sixty-nine?" Abby asked.

"What's a sixty-nine? "I asked.

"A sixty-nine is where we lick our pussies together," Abby said, "in other words, while you lick my pussy, I'll lick yours."

"Okay, let's try it," I said.

And so Abby and I got together and performed our first sixty-nine. While I licked her pussy, she licked mine. It was a thrill a minute as we were enjoying this moment together. Here we were two beautiful women in love having what was the best sex of our short time together.

"Oh, Abby," I said, "I've been thinking of this moment ever since you and I first got together five days ago."

"I was thinking about it, too," Abby said.

We performed our sixty-nine session for a few minutes until we were both able to cum together at once.

After we both came together, Abby told me she had a big surprise for me.

"Well, what is it?" I asked.

"Just close your eyes, wait and see," Abby said.

I closed my eyes for a minute or two.

A few minutes later, I opened them up again and there was Abby decked out in a very sexy strap-on. Her strap-on was so huge that I feared that I might not suck it.

"Come on, suck it," Abby demanded.

And so I took her strap-on cock into my mouth and I began to suck it.

It was the most stimulating sex that I have ever enjoyed. Abby was finally giving me something that Howard could not. She was providing me with the love and intimacy that I used to enjoy with Howard but was now getting from Abby.

"That's it, suck my cock you dike you!!" Abby screamed.

"I wanted to do this since we first met!!" I screamed back.

"Oh, Angela, I love you!!" Abby said.

"Me too!!" I answered.

I sucked her beautiful strap-on cock for a few more minutes and then I asked her to do the unthinkable. 

I asked her to fuck me.

And So Abby placed her strap-on cock into my pussy and Abby was giving it all she got.

Here we were all alone in the Orgy Room at Club Sappho and Abby, this sweet young 18 year old student was teaching me a 46 year old woman how to live and love. Abby was going full force as she finally fucked me good and hard.

"Oh, Abby, This is what I always wanted from you!!" I shouted.

A few minutes later, I began to come inside my body. 

"Did you enjoy it?" Abby asked.

"Oh, Abby," I said.

"What?" Abby said.

"I think I love you

"I love you, too," Abby said.

Abby then removed the strap-on an d placed it on me.

"Now do the same to me that I just did to you," Abby said. 

I then gave Abby one heck of a strap-on fuck. Her pussy was such a nice fit that I placed the strap-on in her pussy without any difficulty.

I went on to give her one of the nicest fucks that i ever gave her.

"How do you like it, Abby!!" I asked.

"I love it!!" Abby answered.

"You're cute!!" I said.

"Why thank you, sweetie, you're cute, too" Abby said.

How about that! Abby called me "sweetie". That made me feel important to her.

I fucked Abby for a few more minutes before she finally came, too.

"My gosh, Angela, this is it!!" Abby cried.

Abby then came inside her body.

Afterwards, we both kissed each other, licking and sucking our breasts and just fondling each other together.

It was a beautiful moment and a pivotal moment for the two of us.

For we both knew that there was no turning back now. Abby was now my true love and there was now no turning back.

We knew from that moment that there was no turning back now.

"Did you like it?" I asked her.

"I loved it," Abby said.

"I've got something to say that I always wanted to say to you," I said.

"What is it, Angela?" Abby asked.

"I love you, Abby," I told her.

"I think I've found my first true girlfriend," Abby said, "and it's you."

"Thanks Abby," I said, "now let's get cleaned up."

We both got up and left the Pink Room and went into the ladies room to clean up and put our clothes back on.

After we returned to the main bar, Abby and I went back to our table and ordered more drinks. We toasted the newly found love that existed between us.

"A toast," I said.

"A toast to what?" Abby asked.

"A toast to our beautiful love," I said.

"Here, here," Abby said.

At 11:00, we both got into the car and left for home. After we arrived at Abby's driveway, I immediately gave Abby a beautiful wet kiss on the lips. 

I also told her that I hoped that we would get together again.

Abby said that she, too, hoped that she could.

After we both got out of the car, we went our separate ways. Abby to her place and Me to mine.

After a nice hot bath and with Howard sound asleep; I climbed into bed still in ecstasy about what happened tonight. 

Hopefully, this was the first of many such moments to come.

TO BE CONTINUED...