 CHAPTER 4-ANGELA AND ABBY'S SPRING BREAK UNDERWATER ADVENTURE.

FIVE MONTHS LATER:

Five months has passed since Abby and I had first met. 

After our night of passion at Club Sappho, the sex between us was getting better, the love between had intensified and I was increasingly forgetting that I was already married.

I continued my progression towards full-fledged lesbianism.

I enjoyed the strap-on sex that Abby gave me so much that I went out and got one myself.

I gathered up the collection of all of the Man/Woman videos that Howard and I purchased and collected and dumped them and, whether he liked it or not, I replaced them with all Girl/Girl lesbian videos. 

Abby, meanwhile, got a job working in a local bank. It was only a part-time job as a secretary but it was enough to help pay the bills. I was very happy for her.

The holiday season came along. And while Abby decided to spend Thanksgiving with us in Wilkes-Barre, she decided to go home to Louisiana to spend Christmas and New Year's day with her family. This left a huge hole in my heart for even though we exchanged gifts together before she left, her absence left a huge hole in my heart.

Meanwhile, I kept my secret from Howard who so blithely and innocently believed that his wife was just going through a mid-life crisis by losing all romantic interest in him. 

When Abby came back from her holiday vacation in January she excitedly asked me to come over to her place where she had such exciting news to tell me.

"How would you like to go down to Florida with me for Spring Break," Abby excitedly told me.

"Really?" I asked.

"Why not?" Abby said.

"This is so unexpected," I answered.

"Here is a chance for the two of us to get away from this little place for a week and together we can spice up our relationship together," Abby said.

"When?" I asked.

"We'll leave on March 14," Abby said.

"We'll then spend eight days and seven nights at the Best Western in Daytona Beach before we return on March twenty-first." Abby said.

"That's just great," I said, "there's just one problem."

"What is it?" Abby asked.

"What about Howard?" I asked.

"So what about Howard," Abby replied. "just tell him that you wanted to go to Florida for a week and you want to go by yourself."

"But what if Howard wants to go with me?" I asked.

"Howard will be so busy with his work that he might not be able to get away with you, Abby reasoned, "I'm sure he'll understand if you want to go without him."

"Well, alright," I answered. "but remember I must tell him that I'm going alone."

"Don't worry," Abby assured me.

After a nice hug and a kiss, I returned home. I went into the den where Howard like to work in and, after i said hi to him I told him that I plan to go to Daytona Beach, Florida for a week and that I was going by myself.

To my surprise, Howard told me that he and the other professors at Wilkes were going away for a week long retreat, on the Poconos dealing with the current semester and that it was fine with him that I go and enjoy myself. 

He wished me good luck and that I come back safely.

I wished him the same.

Talk about getting a lucky break!

I called Abby to tell her the good news.

"Guess what, Abby," I said.

"What?" Abby asked.

"Howard is going on a business trip the same week that we're going to Florida," I said.

"NO!!" Abby said.

"Really?" Abby asked, "how did you find out?"

"He told me just a short while ago. We can now go ahead and enjoy ourselves," I said.

"That's great," Abby said.

"Can't wait," I said.

"Me too," Abby said.

"I bought a strap-on of my very own," I said.

"Great," Abby said, "won't we have plenty of fun." 

"We sure will," I said, "good night, my sweet Abby." 

"Good night to you, too, my love," Abby said.

And so the stage was set for our Spring Break Week in Daytona Beach.

++++++

SPRING BREAK WEEK (MARCH 14-21)

On March 14, we arrived by plane at Daytona Beach. 

We came dressed down for the occasion wearing nothing but short pants, t-shirts and sneakers with no socks. After we picked up our luggage, we went to our hotel where we unpacked first and before we did anything else, we decided to get out of our clothes, put on our strap-on cocks together and celebrate our safe arrival with some hot lesbian lovemaking.

For the next week, we would be taking Daytona Beach by storm. During the day we would be swimming, sightseeing, partying and having lot of fun. 

At night we would go to the clubs and dance the night away with all the other young college kids on break. The fact that I was one of the few people over 40 at the club didn't seem to bother me at all. In fact I love being among the young people. Being with them can make a person feel young.

One night after a night of partying,we left the club, we were driving past the ocean when I came up with a wonderful idea. 

"See the ocean out there?" I asked Abby.

"Yes," Abby said, "what about it?"

"Did you know that I'm a certified scuba diver?" I said.

"Really?" Abby said, "So am I" 

"No kidding," I said.

"I got certified as a diver shortly after I graduated from high school," Abby said. 

"In that case,how about we go scuba diving off the coast tomorrow?" I asked.

"A really good idea," Abby said.

"Sure, why not?" I said, "besides I've got a nice surprise for you, tomorrow," I said.

"What is it?" Abby asked.

"You'll see, tomorrow," I said.

And with that we got back into the car and drove back to our hotel.

The next morning, after breakfast we drove down to the dock area where the boat we both chartered awaited us.

The boat was a luxurious state of the art cabin cruiser. Bot Howard and I have boating licenses and when I chartered the boat, I showed them my boating license as proof. We then went out and took the boat out for a nice ride in the beautiful blue waters of the Atlantic.

After 5 minutes of sailing, we stopped the boat. After we dropped anchor we went down into the cabin area to get settled in.

We then immediately prepared ourselves for the dive. First, we removed all of our clothes. Then, we put on our strap-on cocks together. Next, after we checked the air supply in the scuba tanks, we put on the scuba tanks ans strapped ourselves to them. Next, we put on our diving fins and finally, we put on our diving masks. 

Then after we got to the deck, we were ready to make the big splash. 

"Are you ready, Abby?" I asked.

"Ready," Abby replied.

And with that we put the breathing devices into our mouths and dived into the ocean.

Holding hands we dived together going all the way to the bottom. As we continued our descent, we were enjoying the sights of nautical nature, all the different fishes and sea mammals swimming and enjoying life in the vast blue ocean. 

Yes, even having sex together. As we continued our descent to the bottom, Abby and I realized that we were about to have sex with the fishes. 

We continued our descent until we reached the bottom of the ocean floor. 

When we landed on the ocean floor, we then made the first move together. We removed the breathing devices and together we kissed. Because we were wearing masks we had to settle for kissing with our tongues. Always an erotic sensation, it is even more so when it's done underwater.

Next, I sucked her breasts slowly and gently. Abby always likes it when I'm so slow and gentle with my sucking techniques.

Abby then returned the favor when she sucked my breasts. Here we were, having the ultimate lesbian sexual experience done underwater. The cold water was making both of our nipples tingle and getting hard. 

After we sucked each others breasts, we slowed down and enjoyed a few minutes of underwater foreplay. Our air supply was plentiful and that gave us plenty of time to share the beautiful experience of lesbian foreplay.

Finally, after all that foreplay, the moment came when we would fuck each other with our strap-on cocks. I placed mine into Abby's beautiful pussy and then proceeded to give her a beautiful underwater fuck that she would never forget. Slowly, I was going up and down on her pussy giving her the most erotic and beautiful sex that she had ever experienced. 

I could tell by the amount of bubbles coming from her scuba device that she was enjoying it very much. I was fucking Abby with my strap-on device so gently and so beautifully. 

A few minutes later, Abby began to cum inside and let out such a scram that it practically scared all the sea life away.

"Oh my goodness!!" Abby said excitedly.

We both relaxed and went into foreplay mode for a few minutes hugging together.

Then it was Abby's turn to fuck me. Slowly and gently, she pushed her strap-on into my pussy. Abby then proceeded to give me one of the best fucks that I Ever had. It was right there that I realized that this is what I wanted. 

A lesbian who preferred the comfort and sexual closeness of a woman to a man.

A lesbian who will prefer the comfort of a woman's beautiful body to a man's hairy and muscular one.

A lesbian who will always cherish the warmth and intimacy of a woman's touch. A woman's love.

And despite our age differences, I found in Abby my true soul mate. 

As the fish and other sea mammals looked on, Abby continued to give me a good deep sea fuck for a few more minutes before I removed my mouthpiece and started to scream in delight through all the air bubbles that I was going to cum. 

"It's happening!!" I screamed.

I came inside with such force that I thought I was going to get knocked out.

Afterwards, We engaged in some erotic foreplay for a few minutes. Then, we both discovered that our air supplies were starting to run low so we both decided to quickly dive our way back up to the ocean surface.

A couple of minutes later, holding hands, we surfaced above water. We then climbed back into the boat and went below into the cabin.

After we removed our scuba gear, our naked bodies embraced and we then proceeded to kiss each other on the lips. Abby and I then realized that we were truly in love with each other and that a beautiful bond had formed between us.

"Oh, Abby, I love you," I said.

"I love you, too," Abby replied.

The foreplay in the boat continued for a few more minutes.

We then put our bikinis back on. Then, I went to the driver's area where we lifted up anchor and were on our way back to dry land in Daytona Beach where we returned to our hotel to shower together, dress and go out and enjoy a nice dinner together.

The rest of our vacation together was fun but uneventful. We went sightseeing and swimming during the day and at night got naked together in our room for some hot lesbian sex.

On March 21st, we left Daytona Beach by air to return to Pennsylvania. Before I boarded our flight with Abby, I stopped in the jewelry store at the airport and buy a nice surprise present to Abby. It was a beautiful heart shaped gold necklace and on the necklace I had inscribed on the gold heart some very beautiful and tender word on it. The words were:

ABBY MY LOVE FOREVER.

Shortly after our plane took off, I presented the necklace to Abby. When she opened the box, and saw what I bought her, she started to cry.

"Oh, Angela, you shouldn't have," Abby cried.

"It's my way of saying 'I love you'" I said.

"You know what?" Abby said.

"What?" I said.

"I love you, too," Abby said.

And with that we held hands together as or flight made it's way home.

TO BE CONTINUED...