 THE FIRST TIME

I started to fondle and caress Abby's arm and hand as a way to relive the stress of helping her unpack all her furniture and other belongings in her new home.

Yet as I lay in her bed next to her, there was something that I was not able to put a finger on. As the day wore on, I was unable to take my eyes off Abby. I was attracted to her beautiful body, her long flowing shoulder-length hair and her lovely figure like a bee to honey.

I was relaxing in Abby's bed caressing her beautiful body when I boldly took my arm and placed it around her hips. I then moved towards her right ear and started to lick it.

To my surprise, Abby was enjoying this form of seduction. She was taking in every moment of this unique form of seduction.

Encouraged by her positive reaction the licking gave way to kissing. It was intoxicating. I suddenly found myself acting bolder more sure and assertive of myself and Abby was encouraging me every step of the way.

"Oh, Angela," Abby cooed, "for a straight woman you sure know how to pleasure a young woman."

"Thank you," was my answer.

From her right ear, I went down all the way to her mouth and started to kiss Abby on the lips. It was as if I felt the explosion of fireworks inside my head. The kiss was so erotic, so beautiful, so intense.

"Oh, Angela," Abby said, "I have a confession to tell you."

"What is it?" I asked.

"Ever since you came over and helped me unpack and get settled in, I was hoping that it would end up like this." Abby said.

"Oh, Abby," I admitted, "I wanted this to happen also."

"Really?" Abby asked.

"Yes, really," I answered.

The kiss lasted for about 10 minutes. Then, I got up and removed the pink bikini top from Abby. What I saw truly knocked my breath away. Her breasts were some of the biggest that I have ever seen. Big with beautiful pink nipples. They were a sight to see. The kind of breasts that any man or woman would dream about sucking.

And so I took her left breast and began to suck and lick it in my mouth. I could tell that Abby was excited about this when the nipples on her breasts were starting to turn very hard.I was sucking and licking her breast with soft and gentle licking and sucking. The sensations that I was making with my licking and sucking motions were making Abby excited with hot sexual passion.

"Oh, Angela, you're making me so hot," Abby cooed.

"Am I?" I asked.

"You certainly are," Abby said.

After giving her a good licking and sucking on her left breast, I moved on to the right breast. Again, my slow and gentle technique of seduction was causing Abby to moan quite loud and strong. Abby was yelling and screaming so heavily that she could be heard all the way down to Philadelphia.

Abby then returned the favor and removed my bikini top to reveal my two breasts. They were a size 24D,a few sizes lower than Abby's. But Abby didn't care about size one bit. She dove into both of my breasts and began to softly lick first the left and then the right. 

I just loved the way Abby cooed at and then seduced me through the course of our lovemaking. There were no two ways about it, I was gradually becoming a lesbian. 

"Oh,Abby," I moaned, "you're making me a very happy person."

"Why, thank you," Abby answered. 

After we finished sucking each others breasts, I lay on my back and let Abby pull off my short pants and then my panties to reveal my hairy but beautiful pussy. 

My pussy was old school. Full of bushy brown hair I've never given much thought to shaving it like the younger generation of today.

"Didn't you get the chance to shave that nice pussy of yours? Abby asked.

"Didn't even think about it," I answered.

"Why don't you try it?" Abby asked

"You think I should?" I asked.

"Doesn't hurt to try," Abby said.

With soft and gentle tongue motions Abby then proceeded to lick my pussy.

Abby's beautiful tongue action was a welcome change from the rough and quick treatment it was getting from Howard.

Abby treated my pussy like any kind and gentle human being would. Her tongue was soft and her method was very slow. It seemed lie it would take forever for me to come the way she was going.

But what the heck? Here was a beautiful 18 year old girl about to begin her first year of college and a confirmed lesbian at that. And now she was in the process of turning me a 47 year old woman, a woman old enough to be her mother into a full time lesbian. This was the start of a very interesting and amazing adventure.

"Are you enjoying this,Angela?" Abby asked.

"Oh, my goodness, Keep going," I yelled in reply.

Abby continued to slowly lick her tongue all over my pussy. Her soft and gentle way of licking was so warm and so erotic it was making the time between us all toe more worthwhile.

Abby kept going and going until I was about to experience my first cum with a woman.

And when it came time to cum, I came with such a ferociousness that had only happened when I came for Howard.

"Oh, my gosh, Abby," I screamed, "I'm about to cum!!"

"Really?" Abby asked.

"Really," I replied.

I came a few seconds later as I felt wave after wave of sensations jolt through my body.

After I came, both Abby and I took a short breather for a few minutes.

"Wow, that was a good cum you made," Abby said.

"Why thank you," I said.

We both lay back. Abby turned on the clock radio that was on the night stand next to her her bed and we relaxed together on the bed listening to some good rock music.

It was then that Abby had a wonderful idea.

"Now how about taking my pants off?" Abby asked.

"Why sure," I said.

And so I removed Abby's shorts and the pantie she wore under the pants. Now both of us were completely naked. 

And it was there that I got my first look at Abby's pussy. It was beautifully clean shaven, soft and smooth as silk and so nice to lick without worrying about getting hair in your tongue. 

It was then that Abby had a wonderful idea.

"How about we dance together?" Abby asked.

"Why not?" I asked.

And we both got out of bed, put our arms around our naked bodies and we slow danced together to the music on the radio. The slow pace of our dancing made me even more excited than ever.

For the next few minutes we were holding on to each other; feeling our bodies together as we danced together in lesbian bliss.

After a few minutes we returned to bed and this time it was my turn to lick Abby's pussy.

Just as Abby did with my pussy, I moved my tongue in a soft and gentle manner for Abby. Remarkably for a woman who was happily married to the same man for 27 years and was used to having sex with a man I had no trouble mastering the art of lesbian lovemaking. 

I bathed Abby's pussy with my own tongue. The tongue motion was the same soft and gentle approach that Abby performed for me. 

Abby was feeling relaxed.

"Oh, my god, Angela," Abby yelled, "for a straight woman, you sure know how to give a woman pleasure." 

"Why, thanks, Abby," I answered, "I watch lesbian porn with my husband."

"Really!!" Abby said in astonishment.

"Really," I said.

I licked Abby's bald pussy for the next few minutes. Abby was taking it in with pleasure.

And then, after a few minutes, I decided to give my tongue a rest. Abby immediately went to the nightstand where she got out a toy dildo for me to continue pleasing her.

"You'll love it," Abby said.

And so, I took the dildo and placed it into her pussy. I used the same soft, slow and gentle approach that I used with my tongue.

For the next few minutes I applied the dildo back and forth as Abby moaned and groaned with absolute passion. 

And, then, just like that, Abby started to cum inside. She was feeling the warm sensations inside her body. The look on her face reflected the joy she felt as she came for me for the first time.

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked.

"Enjoy it?" Abby replied, "I loved it."

"You know what?" I asked.

"What?" Abby asked.

"I think I'm gradually becoming a lesbian," I said.

"I think this is just the beginning," Abby said.

We then put our arms around each other and we began to kiss erotically. Our lips pressed together as we both kissed together in such slow and intimate pleasure. 

"Oh Abby," I said, "I think I love you."

"I love you, too," Abby said.

"Let's do it again," I said.

"I'm all for it," Abby said. 

Abby was right. This was only the beginning.

TO BE CONTINUED...