 CHAPTER 6 - ANGELA AND ABBY: THEIR UNION IS FINALLY JOINED.

FIFTEEN MONTHS LATER:

As the new year dawned, Abby and I were beginning to make the preparations for our wedding. We both decided that we would wait until Abby finished the semester in May.

We decide to travel to Sullivan County, New York located in the beautiful Catskill Mountains for our wedding. We also decided to honeymoon together in Montreal, Canada, for two weeks.

Also, we bought ourselves two beautiful wedding gowns. Both were sleeveless and strapless gowns. When I saw Abby in the gown she did choose, I almost meted in her arms thinking how beautiful and how sexy she really looked.

After months of careful preparation and hard work the stage was set for a beautiful wedding.

++++++

WEDDING DAY:

And so on Memorial Day weekend, in the beautiful Catskill Mountains in Sullivan County, New York. The same area where an earlier generation of young people gathered for three day of peace, love and music at the 1969 Woodstock Music Festival, Abby and I were formally joined together as wife and wife. The ceremony was attended by a few friends with Abby's sister serving as a maid of honor and was performed by a local Justice of the Peace. 

We both put together wedding vows of our very own.

Abby's read:

"Ever since the day I moved in next door, destiny has brought the two of us together. Now the moment has come when the two of us are joined together as one and that you and I will have and to hold in sickness and in health till death will we part. Angela, Will you become my soul mate forever and ever?"

Mine read:

Abby, This day is the culmination of two years of love and togetherness. We are both a couple now and my most fervent wish is that this marriage will not only be a long one but also a beautiful and fulfilling one. Abby, I want you to be my wife now and forever."

Then the Justice of the Peace pronounced us wife and wife.

We then saw a little lake right near the spot where we got married. together, we ran into the lake and got ourselves wet as a symbol of the new life Abby and I were about to start together.

"I love you, Abby," I said.

"You'll make a good wife, Angela," Abby replied.

After the reception, we drove off on our two week honeymoon to the Gay and Lesbian friendly city of Montreal. We not only did a lot of day trips during the day; but at night, we went out and enjoyed all of the fine lesbian bars that the city had to offer. 

We stayed at the Le Centre Sheraton Hotel. Our room had a huge bed that was fine with us since we would engage in some hot sex together when we returned to our room after a night on the town.

++++++

THE REST OF THE STORY:

After we returned from our honeymoon, Abby returned to school. She graduated with honors with a degree in business and finance two years later.

Shortly afterwards, the years of internship finally paid off as the bank she worked for offered and she accepted a job offer to work at the company's main office in New York.

I was happy for her. I knew all along that once Abby graduated from college, we both realized that we had to get out of Wilkes-Barre and move either to New York, Los Angeles or San Francisco,

(all gay and lesbian friendly cities at that) if Abby was to make a go at her new job. 

Two months after Abby graduated from college and a month after she accepted the job offer, we made the big move to New York. We moved into an apartment in Greenwich Village a place we chose for it unique eclectic style.

After we settled in, we became acquainted with the New York Gay and Lesbian scene. we Made wonder new friends along the way including a lot of other gay and lesbian couples who had gotten married since New York legalized same-sex marriage. These new friendships helped make our move a lot easier and wort it.

Today, I'm glad to tell you that all is well between us. Our marriage is still going strong after two years. I also went on and found a new job for myself at the very same bank home office that Abby works for. I'm working in the loan department. I enjoy my work very much. So much so that twice I was named Employee of the Month. We meet together for lunch every day. It seems the fact that we work together at the same company has only brought us closer together.

Abby and I maybe two prim and proper office workers during the day.

But, when we get home from a hard day's work, once we are inside our apartment together, we strip down out of our clothes, put on our strap on dildos and enjoy the most erotic sex we ever had.

May this beautiful union last for the rest of our lives.

THE END!!