 After a hard week at work Cindy just wanted to get away from it all, especially the men in her life. Her boss was an insensitive brute trying to work her to death and her now ex boyfriend she still wasn't ready to talk about. A trip to the country to meet Julie was just what she needed. She tossed her bag in the trunk and pushed the button to lower the top on her convertible. 

She was still dressed in her blue business skirt and matching jacket. Letting her hair down to blow in the wind, she pulled out of her apartment parking lot and headed towards the highway. The sun was shining and the wind in her hair helped her to relax a bit. The jacket was a bit warm and she shed it at the second traffic light, revealing a light blue blouse beneath. 

Julie lived about 20 minutes away, which should give her time to cool down before arriving. Traffic was heavy but still moving at a good clip, probably the only benefit to having been forced to work late on a Friday. Cindy found her favorite rock station and started singing along to the music. She noticed several of the guys traveling aside her watching. The truckers could see her very well and she looked at several eyeing her and yelled. "Like it? You can't have it!" Her voice was swallowed by the interstate noise. Two even gave her thumbs up signs. This made her feel better about herself, but she still thought they were selfish bastards.

Julie was waiting when Cindy pulled up. She didn't even look upset that Cindy had arrived 45 minutes late. She did look rather hot in her t-shirt and cutoff short. "Looks like you had time to change into comfortable clothes." Cindy said as she popped the trunk.

"You didn't." Julie added putting her bag in the trunk and getting in the passenger side door. "What happened at work? Or is it too soon to talk about?"

"It's still too soon." Cindy started the car and headed out. They chatted about their plans for the weekend during the first leg of the trip. Julie waved and teased the truckers leering at them from above. Cindy was beginning to get more excited by Julie than mad at the world, just what she wanted for this trip. The gas was getting low and she found a nice out of the way convenience store to stop and fill up.

"I'll get the gas, if you want to change clothes or get a snack." Julie offered.

"Thanks." Cindy replied. "I didn't pack that many clothes." She whispered in Julie's ear and then headed off into the store. 

Julie watched her friend and grinned at Cindy's swaying hips moving across the parking area. She finished pumping the gas and went inside. Cindy was nowhere to be seen so she picked a 1-liter diet sprite from the drinks and headed to the counter to pay. "There you are." She saw Cindy come out of the restroom. 

"Was I lost?" Cindy teased much happier and playful now. She handed Julie a bag of stuff. "Would you be a dear and get these for me? My wallet is in the car." She fluttered her eyelids and swayed sexily towards the waiting car. 

Julie shook her head at the change a few minutes had made in her friend. She handed the clerk the drink and the bag. "The gas and all these." She said watching Cindy through the window. The young man behind the counter turned beet red as he rung up the items. Julie didn't understand why at first, and then she looked in the bag. Inside she saw a pair of blue cotton panties and a matching bra. She shook her head and looked at the poor teen behind the counter. "She must like you." She grinned impishly and removed the items from the bag. "She doesn't give her underwear to just anyone." She handed him the undergarments and put her drink in the bag then took her receipt and left. The clerk stood in shock and watched her get in the car and leave. He starred down at the blue panties to convince himself it wasn't just a daydream.

In the car they hit the interstate and began talking. Julie handed Cindy her drink and opened her own. Feeling they could discuss work Cindy began telling about her boss and his last minute changes to the report she was presenting on Monday. She carried on for a good half an hour. Julie listened and supported her friend as best she could while Cindy finished venting. "What did you think of your present?" Cindy finally asked.

Julie smiled. "I think the clerk was quite amazed you would be so forward."

Cindy nearly spun her head off her shoulders looking over at Julie. "You didn't!" She watched Julie nodding her head. "Oh my!" Her cheeks reddened. "You were supposed to look in the bag first." She shook her head. "Not let him see them."

"Sorry, there was this cute brunette swaying across the parking lot and I couldn't keep my eyes off her." Julie teased. Cindy smiled a little self-satisfied smile. "I think he may have trouble explaining them to his parents though." Julie could almost feel the little horns poking up out of her head.

Cindy froze. "No!" was all she could say.

Julie leaned over the divider in the middle of the car. Her fingernail traced a circle around Cindy's breast. "He is probably in the bathroom right now." She hinted nibbling at her ear. "Masturbating with your panties wrapped around his young hard cock." Her fingers felt the nipple beneath harden. She pinched the nipple and nipped Cindy's earlobe. "What a nice gift." She added as she sat up pretending to admire the countryside.

"You are terrible." Cindy shivered and looked at her companion. "Just you wait until we get to the cabin."

"Promises, promises." Julie smiled as they continued their drive.

The sun was setting behind the mountains when they arrived at the cabin. The girls watched in wonder as the clouds turned from gray and white puffs into a rolling pink and purple sea above them. They shared a drink on the back deck sitting in lounge chairs watching the suns last rays disappear. Cindy suggested they fix some dinner and moved into the kitchen. 

Julie sat on a stool behind the island in the middle of the kitchen. Cindy worked at the sink in the island cleaning lettuce and vegetables for their salad. "Where did all of this come from?" Julie asked.

"I have a contact at the local market." Cindy scrubbed and peeled a couple of carrots. "I called them yesterday and asked them to come by and stock the fridge with a few things." She set the carrots aside and began cleaning some cherry tomatoes.

"I see." Julie looked over the vegetables. "I didn't know there was a local market." Her eyes lingered on the carrots.

"Oh yes." Cindy finished the tomatoes and started on the cucumber. "It is a huge store, almost as big as this kitchen." She grinned and noticed her friends gaze. "Such thoughts about a couple of carrot sticks, you should be ashamed." She laughed.

"Me?" Julie nodded towards the cucumber. "Who is the one masturbating the cucumber?" She pointed out Cindy's hands absent-mindedly stroking the green vegetable.

Cindy looked down and saw what she was doing. "No, if I were masturbating it would be more like this." She lowered the cucumber under the edge of the counter and slipped it under her skirt.

"Oh my." Julie sat up and leaned over for a better look. "I thought we were going to eat these." She teased.

"Oh. Yes. We will." Cindy moaned and wiggled her hips. The vegetable was cool and bumpy as it began sliding in. "We do need to have the proper dressing for the salad." Julie slid down off her seat and came around. She lifted Cindy's skirt and saw half of the cucumber sticking out of her moistening pussy. "Like the view?" Cindy asked.

"Oh I do." Julie reached up to nudge the cucumber and rub Cindy's pussy with her finger. She licked the wet finger clean and added. "Best dressing I've ever tasted."

"Let's get the carrots ready." Cindy suggested. She turned and lifted Julie's face up to her own. Their lips met briefly before Cindy sank down unbuttoning Julie's shorts. She slid the shorts down and off. She licked up to Julie's thigh and then slid her pink panties down as well. "Hop up." She patted the counter top.

Julie jumped onto the counter and crossed her legs. She picked up the carrots and held them both. "One for each of us." She grinned and licked at the top of one.

"Two for you." Cindy corrected and took the carrots. She gently pulled Julie to the edge of the counter and sat down on a chair in front of her. "Mmm..." She moaned as the cucumber was pushed in deeper. "I'm still full, remember." She gently eased Julie's legs apart.

"I guess they will have to take turns in my pussy then." Julie propped a foot on the back of Cindy's chair. The warm tongue licking along her lips making her shiver with delight. She felt the cold pointed tip of a carrot under the tongue. She gasped as it began sliding in. It continued inch after inch until the point was pressing against the back of her inner vault.

"Or we could put it elsewhere." Cindy suggested as the first carrot slid home. She lowered herself onto the moist lips of her friend's pussy and began licking again.

Julie reached down and grasped Cindy's head, her hands running through the tangles from their trip. "No, I don't do anal." She pulled Cindy's head up to look in her eyes. "You know that." She added.

Cindy locked her eyes on Julie's and smiled a playful smile. "I know that you won't let your boyfriends do that." She winked and licked her lips. "But they don't know how to ask." She lowered herself and began licking down over the carrot. Her tongue traveled further down until it was making small circles around Julie's tight anus. The pink ring was just over the edge of the counter and was winking as Cindy licked.

"No they don't, but...um..." Julie was beginning to sit up and protest. Cindy's free hand slid up and placed a finger over her lips. The warm tongue circling her ass was causing a particularly nice tingle in her legs and stomach. She could feel her ass beginning to twitch. Cindy pushed her gently back and she lay propped up on her elbows. 

Cindy smiled as her friend relaxed. "Please may I tongue your ass Julie?" She was quiet and sincere.

"Yes, please keep doing that." Julie answered somewhat surprised by her enjoyment of it.

Cindy flicker her tongue over the tight pucker and listened to Julie moan. Her hand nudged and twisted at the carrot sending shivers through Julie's legs. "You seem to like that." She pointed out. Her tongue kept pressing and twirling around the tight sphincter until it began to loosen. "Good girl." She encouraged and began sliding her tongue in and out. The tip was penetrating now. Julie had placed her other foot on the chair and grasped the edge of the counter with her hands. The carrot in her pussy was covered in juices, which Cindy started licking up. She raised her head up. "My tongue needs a break, may I use the carrot?"

Julie was tingling all over. Her ass twitched uncontrollably and her pussy was gushing at the doubled sensations. Cindy's warm tongue had primed her for a huge orgasm she could feel it building. She didn't want it to stop when Cindy asked her about the carrot. "Yes. Please." She gasped her hips humping against the carrot inside her.

"Yes what?" Cindy used a wet finger to toy with Julie's sensitized rosebud. "You want a carrot in your ass?" She teased.

Julie moaned in frustration, this was payback for the panties no doubt. "Yes I want that carrot in my ass." She answered and was surprised by the desperation in her voice.

"Oh goody." Cindy placed the tip and began turning it round as she pressed it in. The gradual taper made the first couple of inches easy. Then she pulled back and began pumping it slowly in and out. "If only your boyfriends could see you now." She mused as she worked the carrot in deeper. When she reached the halfway point she pulled the carrot in Julie's pussy back to the same point. As one was pushed in, the other was pulled back, both staying at least half in. the pistoning motion set Julie to quivering. Cindy licked at the stiff little clit peeking out at her. She could feel an orgasm building, Julie's muscles were tense and she was moaning loudly. A quick change of pace and she was pushing both carrots in together. The new sensation sent Julie over the edge. She moaned and bucked and tried very hard to squeeze her legs closed around Cindy's hands and head.

Julie sat up after feeling both carrots removed. It seemed like hours before she could catch her breath, but she was sure only a few minutes had past. Cindy was sitting in her chair grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Oh Wow!" Julie steadied herself with her hands and smiled at Cindy.

"I told you they just didn't ask right." She winked at Julie. "Boy's are very insensitive about things like that." She felt her stomach beginning to complain about needing food. "I quite enjoyed that myself. It made me all wet." She reached down to finger her pussy. "Oops. No. That was the cucumber that made me wet." She laughed and leaned back pulling the cucumber out of her own pussy. "Now let's eat." 

Cindy quickly rinsed the carrot from Julie's Ass and sliced the cucumber. Julie fixed some tea and Cindy tossed the salad, adding just a bit of ranch dressing to their own. They lit a pair of candles and sat down to eat. Toes did seem to wander a bit during dinner and there was a great deal of giggling to go with the usual conversation.