 I originally planned on this story being spread out over several chapters, but as I started writing it, that changed. Some parts became longer than others and I ended up just putting them all together in one story. My last story was well received, so I hope you all enjoy this one as well. 

****************

"I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may kiss the bride!" The officiant announced. 

Weddings. I didn't really get the appeal. Don't get me wrong, weddings are nice, but I'm not really the marrying type. I know it signifies that you've met your soul mate and promise to live together happily ever after for the rest of your lives. That's until you don't want to be stuck with this person anymore and go through a messy divorce. I prefer to keep my options open and just have fun when I want to. I wish people the best in their marriages though and I support their decision to marry the love of their life. After all that's why I'm here. My cousin's daughter, Beth, is marrying the man of her dreams, Lucas. 

The crowd erupted in applause as the couple kissed. The bride and groom made their way towards the doors of the chapel and were followed by the wedding party. There was about an hour before the reception started, but there was an open bar at the banquet hall and family from out of town that I hadn't seen in years. I figured I'd go grab a drink and visit. The reception was held at a large venue, and judging by the size of the crowd at the wedding, the reception would be packed. When I arrived, there was already a line at the bar. I stood at the end of the line and watched the gathering crowd. They all seemed so young. I guess that made sense, because Beth and Lucas were only 22. While I was studying the crowd, I couldn't help but overhear the conversation the two young women ahead of me were having. 

"Why do I have to get his fucking beer? Did he bring me just to be his beer maid? He does this all the time." The blonde woman complained. 

"Ugh.The way he said it too. 'Jen, beer.' What. a. Fucking. Dick." Her brunette friend added.

"Then Scott ordered you to grab him and Tyler a beer too. Lazy fucks." The blonde said with disgust. 

"And of course we're going to be expected to put out later!" The brunette said with an annoyed tone. 

"There's plenty of hot guys here. Maybe we take a couple of them home instead." The blonde added with a little smile. The two girls giggled at the thought before moving ahead with the line. 

Both women were very pretty, but the blonde was blessed with the better body. Either one would be quite the catch and it baffled me how guys would take them for granted. I glanced out at the crowd again and noticed that a decent number of the young guys were congregating together and the ones who appeared to have brought dates with them weren't paying much attention to the women they brought. I chuckled at the thought of how easy it would have been to persuade any one of those beautiful young women to leave with me. "Behave, Alyssa." I thought to myself.

Maybe I should explain myself. My name is Alyssa Ross. I'm a 29 year old real estate developer. I'm single, never married, and very much a lesbian. I'm 5'9" with long black hair and a naturally tan complexion. I keep myself in very good shape by following a strict regimen of weightlifting and cardio. 

The line had finally made it to me. I ordered my drink and went to a find some family to visit with. It wasn't much longer before the DJ faded the music out and made the announcement. 

"Could I please have everyone rise for the arrival of the wedding party!"

The walk in song started playing and the DJ introduced each couple as they pranced through the room towards their table on the right side of the room. Once the bride and groom were seated, everyone went up two tables at a time to get their meal. The food was delicious and once everyone had their tummies full, the best man and maid of honor gave their speeches. A few more people spoke and shared stories about the bride and groom and then the party really kicked off. 

The music was cranked up and people filled the dance floor. I was sitting at a table near the dance floor, people watching as I am fond of doing, when someone caught my eye. A young woman walked past my table and made her way to the bar. I hadn't seen her earlier because I would have remembered her. She was easily the sexiest female there. She looked to be about my height and most of that was her long, perfectly toned legs. She looked a bit older than the average age of most the guests, but maybe younger than I was. She had long, wavy brown hair, an absolutely amazing body and she was wearing a sinfully tiny little black dress. When I say tiny, I mean my imagination didn't have to work very hard! The dress was tight and the front was cut very deep and presented her cleavage as well as the inner swell of her perfect breasts for all to admire. The dress also stopped right past the round bubble of her ass cheeks. My interest was most definitely piqued. I was going to try and be a good girl tonight, but this woman would not make that easy. 

She retrieved her drink and made her way onto the dance floor. As she made her way through the crowd, a number of guys stopped and took notice of her. I lost track of her as she disappeared towards the back of the mass of people. I visited with my various aunts, uncles, and cousins all while keeping an eye out for her. 

It wasn't long until I spotted her back at the bar. She was engaged in conversation with a few of the younger guests, mostly the males, and received a few less than appreciative looks from some of the females. Her visits to the bar would become more and more frequent as the night passed. Several of the older guests had called it a night, and the atmosphere of the reception was becoming charged with a very sensual energy. The music was more suggestive and the movements of the dancing crowd reflected the new dynamic. I decided it was time to venture into the throng and sweat out some of the alcohol I had consumed over the course of the evening. 

I quickly noticed a group of guys dancing in a circle off to the left side of the floor. My curiosity had the best of me so I made my way towards the group to see what was happening. In the center of the horde was the woman I had been intently observing most of the night. It looked like sharks circling their prey as she shook her ass and moved her body with such fluid, sexual intent. Guys were thrusting their bodies into her, and she seemed to cherish the attention. I knew she had to have been highly intoxicated by this point, and these men were ready to feast on her. 

I soon gained the attention of a few of the guys dancing around her. I was no stranger to getting down on the dance floor as I often chose to unwind after a long week by hitting up various clubs. The floor was packed with beautiful sweaty bodies and personal space was disregarded as the crowd pulsed to the thundering beat. I had been keeping my eye on my girl when I noticed a brief flash of red that caught my eye. I saw it again and confirmed what I thought I had witnessed- it was her red panties. Fuck. As if her lustful body wasn't tempting enough! I was snapped back to reality when I felt a pair of hands travel up from my hips and brush the sides of my breasts. The hands moved back to my hips and a deep voice spoke into my ear. 

"How about we get out of here?" The man confidently stated.

"You couldn't handle me." I replied playfully. 

The man responded by pressing his hardening manhood into my ass, "think you could handle that?"

I turned around and softly spoke into his ear. "Honey, I play for the other team, if you catch my drift." 

It took him a second to comprehend what I said and judging by the shocked expression on his face, he must have figured it out. 

I looked over to check on my girl but she was gone. I turned and quickly scanned the room and happened to notice her heading out the doors and up the stairs to where the restrooms were. I moved as quickly as I could through the mass of people as I made haste to follow her. I opened the door of the ladies room and there she stood, washing her hands and checking her appearance. I stood next to her at the sink and adjusted my hair. I noticed her glance at me out of the corner of my eye. 

"Having a good time tonight?" I asked. 

"Working on it." She said slyly. 

"Hmm, I noticed." I said with a grin. "I'm Alyssa, by the way."

"What's that supposed to mean?" She turned to me and asked. "I'm Kaylin, by the way." She continued as she returned to the mirror. 

"Nothing. Just...be careful." I urged. I leaned in to her ear and whispered, "You're getting those little boys awfully worked up." 

"I know what I'm doing." She replied with an air of confidence. 

She turned to leave and I gently gripped her arm. She turned to look at me, her eyes followed my fingers as I reached into my dress and retrieved a card from the cup of my bra.

"If you ever feel that you'd like to...explore down a different path, call me. I'll show you things none of those boys ever could." I said seductively as I slid my card into her dress next to her perfect breast. 

She looked at me with her beautiful, confused blue eyes. I leaned and placed a delicate kiss on her cheek. "Good night, Kaylin." I softly spoke into her ear.

I walked out the door and made way back to the reception. I decided it was time to call it a night but I had to say goodbye to a few people first. As I walked in, I noticed the blonde that was in front of me in line earlier. She was arguing with who I assumed was her boyfriend. He rolled his eyes at her, threw up his arms and walked away. 

I said good bye to my cousin and her husband and thanked them for having me. I noticed the blonde girl's brunette friend sitting alone at a table with a look of boredom and sadness on her face. I stopped next to her and asked her if everything was ok. 

"No. My boyfriend is over there dancing with his buddies and some other girls." She explained as she motioned towards the dance floor. 

"Well, your blonde friend doesn't seem to be having any better of a time either." I said as she glanced in her friends direction. 

"Yeah, she's breaking up with him right now. He was groping some other girl while he was dancing." She informed me. 

I looked into her eyes and gave her some advice, "If I were you, I'd take your blonde friend home and eat each other out all night. Trust me, you'll find out you don't need these little boys." 

Her cheeks blushed and she diverted her eyes from me. I made my way to the exit and glanced over my shoulder before I went up the stairs. The brunette girl was over with her blonde friend and had just put her arms around her. I smiled as I walked up the stairs and out to my car. 

I navigated my Porsche through traffic to my home. I kept thinking of Kaylin and how much I wanted to see that little black dress crumpled up on the floor of my bedroom. If only she wouldn't have been so intoxicated. I'm not into seducing drunk women. It can make for an awkward moment once the alcohol wears off and they're faced with the reality of their drunken adventure. A little social lubricant is fine to help lower inhibitions, but Kaylin was well beyond that point. 

I stripped off my dress as well as my lacy bra and thong, and turned on the shower. I was sweaty from dancing and the heat from all the bodies mingling together on the dance floor. I washed off my make up in the sink before stepping into the shower. The hot water cascading over my body felt wonderful. I began lathering up my hair and images of Kaylin filled my head. I rinsed my hair and began to soap my body. I ran my hands over my firm, perky breasts, paying attention to my erect nipples. I wished that Kaylin was here for me to run my hands all over. I lathered the rest of my body up real good and grabbed the hand held shower head to spray the suds away. When I passed the sprayer over my bare mound, the sensation was exhilarating. I immediately placed one leg up on the built in bench and aimed the forceful water spray at my aching pussy. The water massaged my folds and tickled my excited clit. I sprayed my slit for a few more moments before I directed it onto my clit. The powerful blast of water worked my clit to a frenzy and soon it brought me to my peak. Waves of pleasure surged through my body as the water washed away the flood of wetness that ran from my pussy. I washed my lady bits again and finished my shower. With my cravings mostly satisfied, I drifted off to sleep. 

Sunday arrived and I spent the day relaxing. I received a few texts from my cousin, her daughter, and a few family members I reconnected with at the wedding reception. I wondered if I would ever hear from Kaylin. She might have been in town for the wedding and could be back home by now...wherever home was. It wasn't like I was desperate to hook up though. I had more than a few options that I could rely on should I need them. Still, it would have been fun to explore her lovely body. 

The sound of the alarm meant it was Monday morning and the start of another busy week. I had put the idea of ever hearing from Kaylin aside and didn't think more of her as I worked through my busy morning. I went to lunch with a few coworkers and we talked about our weekend. I didn't mention Kaylin to the other ladies and instead focused on telling them how nice the ceremony was. It's not that they aren't aware that I'm a lesbian, in fact they were quite intrigued at first and I happily answered any questions that they had. I'm just one of the ladies in their eyes and it's never been an issue. The afternoon passed by quickly and I had to stay over just a few minutes to finish a few tasks. I was just finishing up when my phone started vibrating. I looked at the number and didn't recognize it, but it could have been important so I answered it. 

"Hello?" I answered. 

I was met with silence. 

"Hello?" I asked. 

I heard a deep breath on the other end. 

"Ok, if you're not going to say anything I'm ending the call." I stated. 

"Wait." The voice on the other end spoke. "Please, don't hang up. It's Kaylin... from Beth's wedding." 

"Well, hello." I said with a surprised tone to my voice. "I wasn't sure if I'd hear from you."

"Yeah, I wasn't sure you would either." She replied. 

"So what made you decide to call?" I asked. 

"I really don't know." She responded. 

"I want to meet you." She hastily added. 

"When would be a good time for you, my dear?" I inquired. 

"Tonight?" She said. 

We agreed on a time and I gave her directions to my house. I left work and sped home. I wasn't sure what to expect but I would find out soon enough. I took a shower and dressed in a tight pair of black leggings and a red top that revealed my cleavage. I had a well stocked wet bar, but I really wanted her sober for this decision...well, relaxed would work. 

The door bell rang and I hurried to answer. When I opened the door, she looked just as sexy as she did the night of the wedding reception. She wore gray leggings and a tight tank top. Her breasts weren't as large as mine but they were so perky and perfect looking. Her long, curly brown hair was down and it shimmered in the evening sunlight. Her eyes were a beautiful blue and her complexion was flawless. Her skin was pale compared to mine, but it suited her very well. I invited her in and she nervously made her way into my home. I offered her lemonade, water, wine, or something with a bit more kick. She said wine would be perfect. I poured us each a glass and suggested that we get comfortable on the sofa. 

Kaylin sat at the opposite end from me. She was curled up in the corner of the sofa, her eyes glancing at me and around the room then back to me. 

"Relax, Kaylin." I said softly, trying to calm her nerves. "Why are you so nervous?"

"I'm...uhm...I really, uh...I really...what did you mean the other night at the reception?" She finally asked. 

"Refresh my memory." Was my reply. 

"About exploring a different path, I believe." She softly spoke. 

"Of course. What do you think I meant?" I asked. 

"I think you want to.., uhm, I got the impression that you want to...have sex...with me." She stammered. 

"You are correct," I assured her. 

"Ok..." she paused, taking a deep breath. "Why?"

"For several reasons. One, I'm a lesbian and I'm attracted to women. Two, you are a very beautiful and very sexy young woman. At the reception, when I first saw you, it was quite the spectacle. You owned that sexy dress and you just radiated sex appeal. Three, I love sex. It's fun, it feels amazing, and I'm very good at it." I stated very matter of factly. 

Kaylin took a hefty drink of wine before she replied. 

"I've never done it before, just so you know." She stated. 

"You've never had sex?!" I said sarcastically. 

"Oh, fuck yeah! I've had lots of sex...with men though." She explained. "I've never been with another girl...or woman I guess." 

"And do you want to?" I asked.

"Honestly, I don't know." She replied. "The thought scares me a bit." She admitted. 

"So, why are you here?" I asked. 

"Because...because...uhm, the other night...your words...you said that you'd "show me things that no boy ever could" or something like that." 

"You have no idea." I said confidently with a hint of seduction. "Is there more?"

"That night, I took a guy home from the reception. He was...uhm, he had a huge cock. I felt it when we were dancing, and I just had to have it. The problem is, we got to my place and we were naked in bed, and it was a big dick, but there wasn't much build up. We kissed a bit, he felt my pussy was wet and just stuck it in me. Yeah, it filled me up and felt good, but he took about 9 or 10 strokes and he pulled out and came all over my stomach. I was so fucking horny and I tried making him feel ok about it. I told him he could always lick me if he couldn't get it back up for a bit. He looked at me with disgust and told me he doesn't eat pussy. I kissed him and rubbed his cock to try and get it hard again. He got semi hard and told me to keep going. I jerked his half limp dick for a few more minutes then he suggested that I blow him. I was so ready to fuck that I sucked his cock but before he got hard enough, he came in my mouth with no warning. I gagged on his disgusting cum and spit and coughed it all over him. I kicked him out and fucked myself with my huge dildo. I was so disappointed and fucked my dildo 3 times that night. I've been thinking of your words ever since." She admitted. 

"So, would you like me to show you how amazing a woman can be?" I cautiously asked. 

She pondered my question for moment. She stared at her glass of wine as she swirled the red liquid around. 

"Tell me about yourself." She requested. 

"Certainly. My name is Alyssa, Alyssa Ross. I'm 29 years old. I work as a real estate developer. Im single, never married, and I think it's fair to warn you that I'm not looking for a long term commitment. I prefer to pursue my desires as I want. The wedding we met at, was for my second cousin, Beth. If anything we talk about or may potentially do, will interfere with your relationship to Beth, then I understand if you want to leave." I calmly explained. 

"Well, as you know, my name it Kaylin. Kaylin Wood." She stated. "I'm 26, single, and I..."

"Wood?" I interrupted. "Are you related to Lucas? Beth's new husband, Lucas?!" I shouted. 

Kaylin grinned and bit her bottom lip, "Yep. He's my little brother."

"Don't worry though. It's not like my brother and I, or Beth, are very close. I'm surprised I was invited to their wedding actually."

"Ok. Why wouldn't you be invited?" I asked. 

"Because...I kind of have a habit of sleeping with his friends. It was actually only 3 of his friends, which I guess could be a lot, I don't know. They were kind of hot so I figured...why not. It really pissed Lucas off and he told Beth not to invite me because I'm a slut. She told me she felt bad not inviting me. I was pissed at him so I planned on fucking another one of his friends that night. I'm probably on their shit list now and when they find out I'm here, I'll really be on it." Kaylin explained. 
