 'I was stretched out across my bed in nothing but a towel, reading my favorite magazine and unwinding from a hard day of work, my normal after work routine. My roommate Ava walks in wearing nothing but a towel and carrying a bottle of my favorite oil.

"Rere, could you rub some of this on my back for me, please?" she asks

"Only if you do me to." I answer.

Ava gives me this sexy, mysterious look, smiles and nods her agreement. She walks slowly towards me and says, "I'll do you first, unwrap and lay face down hun."

I think nothing of her sexy voice and request, we've been friends and roommates since college , we've been doing things like this for each other for a long time so I think nothing of it and unwrap my towel and lay face down on my bed, "So how are things with you and Rick?" I ask.

Ava says, "I guess everything is going ok, but I'm kinda glad that I told him that I'm busy this weekend. It feels like we haven't spent time together in ages so I want to make it up to by putting together a Girl's Only weekend for us." Ava then unwraps her own towel and straddles my back and starts rubbing me down with my favorite coconut oil. 

"That is so true Ava, it's been a while, oh that feels so good, you're the only one who ever knows how to rub my knots, what was I saying, oh yea, it has been a while since we've kicked it. What do you want to do this weekend? How about a Spa Weekend?" I ask

"Mmmmmm, I was thinking more along the lines of staying home and doing the veg-out thing, just the two of us, kinda like old times. Whatdaya say Rere, are you up to just staying home? I know you have today and the rest of the weekend off." inquires Ava. 

"Sure Av, that sounds like fun." I reply.

That was all Ava was waiting for, she poured more coconut oil into her hands and rubs some over her own breasts, and the rest she rubbed into my back, then she slowly leans down until her breasts make full contact with my back. Slowly and eroticly Ava begins to rub her breasts up and down my back and then blows lighting into my ear and starts kissing her way down my neck to my shoulders, all the while her hands are working their way down my body learning all my curves and hallows. Ava makes quick but sensual work of my back and when she reaches my ass is when everything really starts to get interesting. Ava uses more oil, starts rubbing my ass lovingly and sexily, going very slowly she starts to lube up my with the coconut oil and says, "Rere, I've got some surprises for you, did I tell you that this oil, which I know is your favorite, also heats up when I do this." then Ava parts my cheeks, rubs more oil between them and blows gently into my asshole. Ava can already smell how excited I am getting from just that small action.

"What do you think about this trick I've learned?" asks Ava before she starts licking my tight untouched hole. Then while Ava's tossing my salad, she starts using more oil and inserts a finger into my inviting core. Right before we could really get into the real fun of my erotic dream, my damn alarm clock goes off and wakes me up. I sit up and start pounding the hell out of my pillow and moan, "No, no, no damn it! Why of why do I always wake up when my dreams are just getting interesting?" Grumpily I roll out of bed and head for my bathroom to take a long hot shower, muttering under my breath about needing to get laid and spending some quality time with my wonderful detachable shower head, which is the only action that I've been getting lately. 

Later while I'm sitting at the breakfast table enjoying my second cup of cafe' au lait and reading the morning paper, I am surprised when Ava actually joins me in the kitchen for coffee in nothing but her normal day off breakfast outfit: a towel and her cheery bubbly attitude.

"Mornng Rere, how are you doing this great beautiful day?" she asks.

"Fine, I guess, really looking forward to my long weekend. And you? what's on your schedule this weekend, another romantic weekend with lover-boy Rick?" I inquire.

"Well actually no, Rick and I have no plans, he has some type of business trip scheduled that he just couldn't get out of. Which in a way I'm like totally grateful for, because I have been up early this morning arranging for me and my best friend to spend some long over due girl time together. I've scheduled us a Spa Weekend here in the house just the two of us. So whatdaya Roomie are you ready for day one of pampering?" she says jumping into my lap, giving me a big hug and kiss.

Laughing I say, "Please pinch me because I must still be dreaming. I just had a dream about us having one our special pampering sessions."

Ava jumps up and pulls me with her, "No you're not dreaming, but I do have big big plans for us this weekend, I even got you a gift or two." Ava stops us in the doorway of the kitchen and pulls a face mask out of thin air and firmly places it on my head and securely covers my eyes making sure I couldn't see anything. 

She asks, "Ok Rere, are you ready for your first surprise?" 

I nod my head yes and Ava grabs my hand and pulls me down the hallway towards our bedrooms, "Ok so for your first surprise, it's kinda gonna be like our old college days but with a little twist, sure you're ready?" she asks while pulling me into a bedroom. Ava pulls me to a stop then unties the knot keeping my robe closed and pushes it off my shoulders to pool at our feet on the floor, then I feel her towel hit my feet. Thinking to myself ' I think my dreams are about to come true for real. Please let that be whats about to happen.' 

"Rere are you sure you can't see anything? Be honest." asks Ava.

"Av, I promise you, I can't see anything, but I want to know what's going on. Am I gonna like these surprises that you've cooked up for us?" I asked with hope in my voice.

"Oh yea I'm sure you're gonna love it, now come here and I'll help you climb up onto your bed." I give into Ava's sexy convincing voice and let her help me up onto my bed. Ava carefully arranges my body just the way she wanted before she begins phase one of her surprise. Ava leans across my body towards the night stand to get something that smells like my favorite coconut body oil. Ava pours a generous amount of oil into her hands then slowly pours a line of oil from my collarbone down the center of my body all the way down to my gorgeous treasure of reddish gold curls. Ava sat for a moment just admiring my luscious body. I'm 5ft 6in. Tall, with an athletic build, curves in all the right places, 38-DD breasts and lush gorgeous fiery red gold hair with soulful emerald green eyes. Ava, just like me, has been waiting and dreaming of this day off and on for years, she just never thought she would get this chance with her best-friend. Ava and I aren't bisexual or even lesbians, we both just wanted to know what it would be like and feel like to be with a woman but not just any old woman for Ava it had to be me and for me it had to be Ava. Ava slowly warmed the oil in her hands then began a slow erotic massage on my right foot thinking to herself, 'I'm gonna love every single moment of this, working my way from Marie's sexy feet to her lovely breasts and enjoying everything else in-between.' Then she licked her lips and switched feet, eroticly sucking on my toes. While working on my left foot she decided to tell me the truth behind this little weekend, "Marie, we've been friends for a very long time, haven't we?" 

"Yea Av, it feels like we've known each other forever. Why do you ask is there something wrong?" I inquire

"Well, ummm, I know that things I'm getting ready to do quite possibly might change our friendship, but I'm hoping and praying with all my heart that it will a step in the right direction for us and only make our friendship stronger. At anytime if I do something or say something that makes you feel uncomfortable please feel free to stop me and if you never want to talk about what we are doing here and getting ready to do here I will not blame you at all. Do you agree?" By this time Ava had worked her way to my inviting treasure, but quickly by passes it and goes straight for the trail of oil that she had laid out for herself to follow. 

"Ok sweetie, but what are you talking....." My words trail off because it was like de ja vu, Ava is massaging my collarbone and her hands were working their way to my breasts, I couldn't form words because I was holding my breath, my dreams were finally coming true. Ava was massaging my breasts, while she was concentrating her hands on one breast her mouth had just started blowing on my left nipple. The oil was really doing its job tightening the bud into hard and sensitive spot. Ava closed her lips over the diamond hard nipple and running her tongue back and forth it. I began moaning and trying to lift my hips to get closer to Ava's body. 

"Uhn unn darling, be still or I'll tie you to this bed and you won't get to play at all. Do you understand babe?" inquires Ava as she pushes my legs further apart, bringing our pussies closer together so that we both could feel the heat and sparks bouncing back and forth between our bodies. I nod yes because words seem to have failed me. With me behaving myself, for now any ways, Ava moved to my other breast and uses her hands to skim down my body. After making sure that both breasts were taken care of, Ava raised her head and removed my blind fold so that I could watch the next part of the massage. I slowly blinked my eyes open, my eyes were barely opened slits when I finally made eye contact with Ava. I held her sexy gaze and slowly raised my head until our lips were barely a breath apart when I said, "Please Av, kiss me before I explode, I've been dreaming about this day for a very very long time and I want to know I'm not still dreaming." 

Ava obliged me, started nibbling my lips, running her tongue across the seam of my lips, finally I opened for her and we both saw stars as our tongues dueled each other, my fingers dug into Ava's chestnut brown curls massaging her scalp and pulling her closer so that Ava's nipple rings were rubbing eroticly against my own. We kissed for what seemed like a lifetime before Ava remembered that she was in control and the fun had just begun. Slowly, reluctantly, Ava pulled away from my tantalizing lips and looked down at me.

"Honey slow down, wipe that sexy pout off your face, the fun is just beginning, we have the whole weekend and then some, so just lay back and enjoy your massage, like a good little girl." says Ava with a naughty laugh.

"Don't you mean like a bad little girl?" I ask sexily.

We both laugh as Ava's hands slowly begins to knead my breast again and her tongue and lips rebuild the inferno she started in both our bodies. At my belly button Ava takes her time, flicking her tongue in and out while her hands spread my thighs further apart making more room for her tiny body. Finally Ava makes it to the one place she'd been dying to get a taste of. I am so dripping wet that a puddle has formed under me and on Ava's knees, where they have been wedged so tightly against my mound. Ava takes her time licking and savoring my sweet juices and nuzzling my mound. Ava wants to take my scent deep into her body, hold it there for the rest of her life, especially if this was her only chance to taste my sweet nector. I'm squirming so much that Ava had to remind me to behave before she tied me up and I wouldn't get a chance to join in fun. Ava spread my lips and sucked my clit into her mouth, lightly using her teeth to gently nip at the tiny nub til it was engorged and sending sparks to all my nerves. She ran her tongue up and down my slit, slurping up every single drop of cream she encountered, to Ava I tasted like ambrosia from the gods and she couldn't get enough. Using her skilled and talented tongue Ava slowly thrusted in and out of me, she was quickly bringing the flames she had started to a roaring bon-fire inside me. I couldn't take anymore and started begging Ava, "Please Ava, please. I can't take the torture anymore , please make me cum. Now please."

Ava just smiled to herself, enjoying every noise of pleasure she was wringing from my body, for every lovely sound I made not only made me wet but was also making herself wetter. She was so wet that her own juices were running down her own thighs like a flowing river. Ava finally inserted first one finger, then another, making sure that she stoked both of our fires to the point of explosion, almost. Ava jumped up quickly, crawled up my body til we were nose to nose, lips to lips and started devouring my mouth, while she reached inside my nightstand and grabbed one of the presents she had bought for us. While she straddles me and leans up to look in her best friends hooded eyes, one of my hands works it way in between our bodies trying to get to Ava's treasure. Inserting two fingers into her pussy, eliciting a moan from her, I panted "Why...why... why did you stop? I was so close and so were you?" 

"I wanted, ummm, to get one of your presents." replies Ava while riding my fingers. Our juices mingling together.

"What are you talking about?" I ask, at the same time Ava's free hand disappears behind her and she inserts three fingers into my core.

While we both ride each others hands, mixing even more of our juices together Ava shows me the two-headed vibrator she got for us. Panting Ava asks, "Want to give this baby a ride and see where it takes us?"

I flip her over to her back and say, "Sure baby anything you want, but give me a second, I want a chance to taste you too." I didn't even give her a chance to protest, since we were both so close to climaxing, I wasted no time I just dove right in. Ava's treasure is bare, it had been so long since I've seen her naked that I forgot. I part her lips, dive in with my tongue pumping in and out of her quickly bringing her so close to the edge that it would take nothing more than a lick or two to push her over that slippery edge. I can hear her soft moans and gasps telling me that I was right, she's right on the edge of cumming in my mouth, which is exactly what I want. I'm busy debating between her over that edge or letting her take both of us there at the same time. Ava knows me so well and takes that decision out of my hands, flips me to my back and straddles me.

"No, no, no darling we go together, latter you can send me and then I'll return the favor and send you. Sound like a deal?" she asks sliding down my body leaving a lush wet trail. All I can do is nod yes because my eyes are locked on her lips as she licks up her juice trail from my body. Damn that did me in, by the time she's slide her body all the way down mine and rubs our clits together once, twice, three times, she has me shuttering through a body splitting orgasim. While my body is shaking, womb is flexing Ava has to call my name twice before I can slowly open my eyes and focus on her face, once I do our gazes lock, she uses this moment to slowly, inch by delicious inch, to slide one end of the double headed vibrator into me til I'm filled to the hilt with it. She takes my hands and gently places them on her breast, I know exactly what she wants, from our many late night girlfriend sex talks, so I squeeze her breasts just this side of the pleasure/pain line and start tweaking her nipples while she slowly lowers herself inch by slow inch onto her side of the vibrator, when she is fully seated I wrap my legs around her curvy waist and then she flicks a switch on the vibrator and for the both of us it starts twirling , together we both start ridding our double headed penis. Ava bends down and latches on to my left nipple and starts sucking, pulling on my nipple. We both start screaming and moaning together, we are so close. I let go of one of Ava's breasts so that with one hand I'm stroking both our clits since our bodies are so close and with the other I reach around to her ass and hit her cheeks a couple of times to get her moaning louder and harder. Then I spread her cheeks and use one hand to spread some of our juices between her cheeks, once I have her lubed up to my liking and we pick up our pace I insert two fingers and send both of us over the edge screaming. While we lay there panting trying to get our breathing and hearts under control, Ava looks up at me and smiles, then whispers, "Damn Rere that was so much better than I ever expected it to be. How did you know that those fingers would send us both over the edge?" 

Before I can answer she starts licking her way up from my breasts to my neck to my mouth making both of our wombs twitch. I give her a kiss before I whisper in her ear, "That's how I make you come every night in my dreams, sometimes its a finger or two, my tongue or the anal beads I got you for your birthday last year." I roll her over to her back and slowly move my hips in a circular motion and lick my way down her neck to nibble on her nipples while we talk.

"Oh so you've been dreaming about us too,huh? Well since we've just started day one of our 'Spa Weekend' are you almost ready for the next part?" she pants.

While she was talking I had moved from one breast to the other and back again, while picking up the pace with my thrusts rebuilding the fire I thought we had already extinguished earlier. I thought we would be spent after our first round of love making but I wasn't and by the way Ava was responding neither was she.

"Mmmm, I think we'll be ready for the rest of what you have planned, when I've got a chance to properly explore your body and fulfill at least one of my erotic dreams with you. Does that sound like a deal?" after I ask my question I bite down hard on the creamy swell of her breast and give her a couple of hard thrusts leaving my mark.

"Yes Rere, that sounds, ummm mmm, like a plan, my next surprise can definitely wait for a while." says Ava as she likes the seam of my lips and grabs on to my ass for another ride. 

And we go for round two, with me in control this time around! With my hips thrusting into her Ava spreads my cheeks and plays with my sensitive hole. I can't wait to see what she has planned next! I've got some tricks up my sleeve for her too.