 The whole hyper-sensual experience of this weekend had left me reeling in a sea of experiences. I had enjoyed not only the loving experience of time with my lover but I had also, with her encouragement, quite unexpectedly been exposed to, and thrived upon, the sexuality of others in not only one-on-one moments of bliss, but also the collective coming together of a multitude of women in the electrostatic-ally charged environment of what was called the 'Sensation Room.' Whew... I came out of that room absolutely drained but, in some inexplicable way, stunningly; vibrantly; senso-sexually alive. 

Linda, my lover and companion with whom I live had come across an advertisement in a Lesbian publication, having been made aware of it from a friend within our circle. The full page glossy ad read, in part: 'Enjoy the company of like couples in the privacy or our new and exclusive LGBT Club Resort & Spa. This special introductory weekend has been exclusively reserved for Lesbian couples etc., etc., etc...'

"Aimie, come see this: Jessica told me about it, she and Cass are going and I thought it might be a great way for us to celebrate our seven month anniversary. Give it a read; let me know what you think" she said with a glowing, excited and anticipatory tone in her voice as she passed the mag to me. One could not help but notice the sparkle in her eyes, as well as the clenching of closed and inverted lips as she did so, her attempt at nonchalance failing miserably!

My initial thoughts were that it was a bit expensive for a two night stay, but reading on, the introductory weekend also included one free, reserve-able at time of booking, first come first served, two party massage, and baby, I do love massages! Never-the-less, I did think we should talk about the price.

"Do you think we can afford it Lind, its a bit on the pricey side?" 

"Honey, it's our anniversary, of course we can afford it!"

"Hmm" I mused as I read on, viewing the pictures of the local surrounds, the Spa etc. My interest was beginning to peak, the place looked glorious, damn, it even had a Golf Course, a plus for me, alas not for Linda, who continues to cajole that Golf has its definition of a hole in one and she has hers!

"OK Lind, you got me hooked, will you make the booking and Spa reservations or would you like me to?"

"No, no, it was my suggestion, it's going to be my treat, so I should do the dirty work."

She laughed as she took the mag from my finger tips, leaning forward to kiss me tenderly whispering in my ear, "but if you want to give me a little encouragement and stimulation to complete my complicated and time consuming task; I don't mind getting naked now. Purely for the encouragement you understand!" 

Dear reader: 'I was very understanding!'

        *****************

So it was that three weeks later we found ourselves driving on a beautiful Autumn Friday afternoon to the West Country. Arriving at the estate resort about seven in the evening we registered, dumped our stuff in the room, quickly repriesed our makeup and made for the Restaurant where we were soon joined by Jessica (she hates Jess) and Cass. In the bar after dinner we also met with three other friends, in company with a fourth with whom we were now introduced. 

Her name was Lin Ng, a girl that although of Vietnamese descent was more, jokingly so, more British than many who are native born. Lin loved the Kentish countryside and her English was impeccable, fortunate, as her profession is that of a London Solicitor. Additionally, we were very soon to find that she possessed an outrageous sense of humour evidenced by her telling us, after a couple of after-dinner drinks, and feigning an oriental accent: 

"I clan asslure yoo, oliental pussy is slame as yoo no no holizontal! 

Overheard by a girl at the next table who had been leaning back in her chair; this poor girl laughed so much she had fallen back and was now crab-legged on the floor, all four limbs wide in the air and still laughing hysterically. As Lin helped her up, inquiring as to whether she was O.K., the thought flashed through my mind that it was fortunate that she was wearing Culottes, otherwise, the display could well have started a riot with this crowd! I laughed to myself as our table returned to it's prior conversation. 

It was a wonderful evening, and it was, I was now informed by Linda, to be continued the following morning with an eight o'clock tee time on the Golf Course with Jessica, Cass and Lin, "So come along ladies, get your cracks in the sack, you need your sleep in order to play well the rest of the weekend, and trust me, tomorrows going to be a long day!" It didn't take too much encouragement as we were all yawning anyway. Never-the-less, as we prepared to leave I felt certain that I caught site of a quick and knowing wink from Linda to Jessica‽ The moment passed as we said our good-nights.

In bed with Lind, I felt the reassuringly warm comfort of her as she gathered me into her arms and following a wonderful necking session, tired from the drive and the evenings company we fell asleep!

Promptly at eight the following morning we gathered on the tee and no, I am not going to regale you with a play by play account of the round, but I have to say, Lin; Lin was a comedic delight out there... Whenever anyone played a bad shot there she was with her faux orientalism "Oh dlear, don u hlate dat slit!." 

Her humour was directed at us all and I got mine on the 140 yard, Par 3, fourteenth hole. On the green off the tee, I had putted up to within eighteen inches of the hole, and missed my Par putt. I got no sympathy from Lin! 

"Oh d-l-e-a-r; wot fluckin shlame!" 

"Lin tluly slimplaflize wit honalabul missy plutter!" 

"Blitch" I responded, a high pitched retort delivered through squinted eyes causing her to regale in laughter. The sympathetic hug met with a kiss on the cheek. 

For four whole hours we were laughing and having a great time, never mind the scores, they were irrelevant; the point was we had a good round, despite aching abdominal laugh muscles caused by the incorrigible Lin! But now we were ready for a shower, lunch, and for Linda and me, our massage. 

There is something about the smell of a massage parlour. It is an odour that simply draws you in, the entire process makes you feel relaxed, whilst yet creating a feeling of expectation of all that is to come, the upcoming enjoyment of being pampered, the epicentre of attentive hands. 

Susan and Jacqueline our two professional massage therapists greeted us in the relaxed atmosphere of the waiting room, where we had been guided to after changing into wonderful white linen towel, and obviously aromatherapy perfumed, bathrobes. Our therapists, both of whom were probably in their mid-twenties, I have to say were not only quite beautiful but their litheness was evident from the moment they walked into the room. Shaking our hands they greeted us, and initially asked if we would first like too enjoy a mutual shower and sauna before our massage? Sounded good to us and I must admit it did start the experience off with some loving delights! 

Having cooled down with a bracing immersion into the cool pool, once again wrapped in our warmed bathrobes, we were taken to our room. Two massage tables about six feet apart, we were too enjoy the experience together. It was a soft relaxing atmosphere, quiet background music and an aroma that just lightly emanated through the room, a soft perfume complementing the entire atmosphere; it was all so aphrodisiacal, so enticing, relaxing. 

As I sat on the side of the table Susan told me I could leave my G-string on if I wished... I laughed as I responded "Oh, that's long gone, but thanks!" Susan smiled approvingly, adding a flutter of the eyebrow as she did so; it was just so cute! Holding a warm towel around me I was instructed to remove my robe and lay down on my back. 

Sitting at my head on a high stool Susan's amazing and long fingers began to massage my face and my scalp. "Mmm," the feeling instantly made one fall into a repose of total relaxation. Steadily my scalp and face was soothed and caressed in a manner I had never hitherto experienced from a therapist. I was in heaven, entranced, and we had only just started... 

Moving to my side, but never taking a hand from me, Susan lightly lifted the covering towel and had me roll onto my face. "I'm going to uncover your back now, but if you feel at all cool, please just let me know." I mused to myself: Cool, cool? Oh honey I was too relaxed to feel anything else but cool! 

Susan commenced her massage by simply gliding her hands over the skin of my back and shoulders, just a light touch of my skin, I felt a light shiver and Goosebumps, each immediately dissipating as she now poured warm oil down the entire length of my spine. A tingle of pleasure ran through me as her hands now proceeded to spread it across me, massaging, lulling me into an even deeper state of pleasure... 

Minutes passed as her hands massaged my shoulders and my back. I felt her warm breath against my ear as she whispered her question, asking: "would you like me to include your buttocks or shall I move to your legs?" 

"Oh yess p-l-e-a-s-e do..." 

I turned my head to look to Linda observing that she had evidently made the same decision... Looking back to me her mouth opened as she silently spoke a "Whew, baby!" as her therapist now began to knead her buttocks. I smiled in response as Susan now re-positioned the towels to cover both my legs and my back. Internally, I smiled as I thought of the image that she must now be looking at; my bum open to the world! 

Susan manually encouraged me to open my legs just a little. Once again warm oil flowed over me, this time directly into the cleft of my bum. Not too much, just enough, but sufficient that I felt small trails of its warmth trickle down into the angles of my groins; oh yes, this Susan is a real professional. Once again strong, lithe fingers began to knead my anticipating flesh. Slow, long strokes moved bilaterally across my Glutes easing me into a warming glow and drawing from me the understandable, now repeated phrase previously expressed by my Linda "Whew!" 

Those hands, were now replaced by forearms, simultaneously gliding down from my lower spine to my upper thighs... Two forearms, now one, as the other hand moved the towel covering the back of my thighs down to my knees. Once again I felt the glow of more warming oil being poured upon me, buttocks and thighs, soon to be followed by the firm, kneading strokes of the masseuse. Those long fingers delving within my cleft coming so teasingly close to the puckered edges of my anus... Inside I stifled the urge to say "Yes, oh yes, touch me!" 

Firm strokes proceeded to be applied over the hemispheres of my butt, then down and over my thighs. On the upward glide fingers melted along the skin of my inner thighs, slowly, firmly upward, up again to almost brush against my perineum, almost, but never quite touching the edges of my Labia; so teasingly close before they swept instead outward and upward only to fade away across my buttocks before once again repeating this enrapturing cycle until I finally felt the towel being once again drawn to cover me. 

Gentle hands moved across my shoulders as Susan whispered to my ear "If you would care to turn over, shall we do your front now?" 

Thoughts swirled within my cranium... Shall we do your front now? Oh fuck yes! 

Looking to Linda she was already on her back, her masseuse caressing long strokes down her neck, out and over her shoulders; Linda's face relaxed; aglow... As I smiled at her pleasure I now felt Susan begin to perform that very same excursion along the curves of my neck, thence to my shoulders. The smell of that warm and fragrant oil reaching softly into the senses of my mind... 

Fingers and palms enveloped across my shoulders and sides of my neck, then down, each descent encroaching closer and closer to the periphery of my breasts. With each descent the hands extended further along and around my chest and in the doing, Susan's face came closer and closer to my own, until I again felt that warm breath tingling over my ear lobe... "Are you comfortable Aimie, shall I massage your breasts?' 

A stifled "Mmmm" was all I could raise in response... Droplets of oil fell upon my engorged nipples, nipples that soon felt the tender encroachment of first the cup of Susan's palm softly, deftly stroking upon their risen apex, soon to be followed by those magical fingers molding my globes, then again rising forward to deftly tweak both nipples within her fingers tips; nipples that at this point were longing to be suckled by this gorgeous creature... 

The thought startled me, a little, I must have jumped... 

Susan drew her hands to my sides as she soothingly asked "Is everything OK?" 

Quickly I reassured her that all was well, that "I think I was so relaxed I momentarily slipped into sleep mode, Susan this is wonderful, please, I love it, I love it all!" Reassured by my explanation Susan continued. 

Moving now to my side, she replaced the towels covering my lower body with fresh warm ones. Having Oiled my abdomen Susan proceeded to melt those oh so magical hands across my navel and my sides; then up, and, to my utter pleasure, once again repeating her administrations to my very welcoming breasts and erect nipples... 

Opening my eyes, I looked to her, for the first time since this incredible massage had started we met eye to eye, a connection sealed with a mutually endearing smile... Once again my thoughts went A.W.O.L. Damn I wanted to kiss her... Damn it Aimie, control yourself, she's a professional masseuse! 

With my torso complete, it was almost an anticlimax as Susan covered my top with those soft, warming towels... This done she now exposed one leg to the knee and commencing at my foot she proceeded to oil and massage. Each and every toe was delicately encountered, the sole, the heel, the dorsum, each received every attention that every other part of my body had enjoyed before proceeding to the lower leg and pleasuring the calf into relaxation. 

Wrapping this leg in yet another fresh warm towel the entire exercise was now repeated to the contralateral side... I was in heaven, my entire being totally relaxed, I adore my feet being massaged! Finally this leg too was again wrapped in warm towels. 

Once again encouraging me to open my legs Susan now exposed one thigh up to the level of my navel. Recommencing her massage I lay back, aglow in the delving pleasures of her fingers as she expertly ran them up and down the entirety of my hip and thigh... Occasionally as she stroked upward I sensed that she had curled her fingers down, her knuckles now stimulating my nerve endings beyond anything I had hitherto felt, reflexively I slightly bent my knee up, opening my thighs just a small way. 

In truth, it was a stunning sensation especially as she was now extending her fingers up and down the angle of my groin, brushing smoothly over the outer boundary of my Labia. I was alive with the feeling of wetness that I could feel within me but as these sensations rose to a height, I had to endure the momentary frustration of her laying my leg flat and re-toweling my thigh; a prelude to her placing her hand on my other knee, moving around the table to other side and recommencing her amazing digital skills. 

Again, I glanced to Linda, only to see her masseuse at exactly the same state of play... Linda had sensed my look and as she smiled back to me we shared a blown kiss just at the same moment that Susan proceeded to repeat the artistry of her skills upon this soft and sublimely accepting woman under her spell, I was but putty in her hands... 

Again I felt her strong massaging fingers, again the tingle of her knuckles sweeping up and over my groins and navel, again her lithe fingers deftly sweeping perilously close to my Labial lips. Unashamedly I bent both knees up and out, relishing in the near orgasmic tingle quivering within me, sensations of a need to be touched but frustratingly aware that that could not happen. I was wrong! Susan's hand now cupped over my Labia, and as I expelled a small gasp of breath her middle finger slipped slowly between the lips of my pussy. 

Her finger moved softly within my wet and welcoming slit; again I gasped; my head pushed back into the small pillow beneath my scalp, my shoulders lifting from the bed... Suddenly, in the afterthought of Linda being nearby, I looked toward her, the look on her upward looking face telling me all I needed to know! 

Mouth agape I looked to Susan... Her hand still covering my pussy she moved her face above my own, "shall I go on?" I responded by reaching down, placing my hand over the back of hers and as I softly pushed her finger into me I responded "oh yes..." 

Throughout this entire spell binding moment our eyes were fixed upon the other and as she commenced to slowly fingering the pussy under her command she kissed me, kissed me again and again, those long fingers delved into the depths of my wanting pussy. Susan continued to kiss me as with her other hand she was pulling away the towels that were entrapping me, finally releasing me to explore the body of this amazingly vibrant lesbian woman. 

Her fingers continued to fuck me, first one; now two as her lips sort out my nipples... Her tongue slipped into a circular rhythm, encompassing the areolar of my tits, lips once again succoured upon my longing nipples, as her fingers continued to fuck me, simultaneously her thumb was now caressing my much engorged clit. "Oh Susan, I need your mouth..." 

Drawing away from me, I and now Linda watched as she and Jacqueline both slipped from within the confines of their white coats; beneath which, they were naked... Susan came to me, kissed me, as she expertly moved me down the table until, with my knees bent, my feet at the foot of the table, she offered up to me those amazing breasts. Breasts on which I momentarily gorged my need of them, sucking and gently biting on those magnificent nipples... 

Drawing her tit from my mouth Susan, in company with Jacqueline to Linda, now climbed onto the table to kneel above our heads. Lowering her tits to my face she slowly slid her amazing breasts over my forehead, soft nipples stroked my eyes, then to my lips, hovering to allow me to suck again on each before moving down again to stroke her tits against my own, a sensation that I absolutely die for. 

Moving yet again she continued her sojourn to my nether regions. Her hands slipped beneath each of my thighs and as her tongue slithered within the lips of my pussy her own pussy lowered to my eager and wanting ecstasy of mutual cunnilingus. 

As Susan licked and sucked on my clit I felt again that long middle finger slipping deep within me. Quickly, expertly locating my G-spot, it was overwhelming, after all that I had been pleasured with on this sunny afternoon in the West Country, I was now to be treated to the absolute delight of overpowering orgasm... 

Alighting from the table, Susan clambered up yet again, this time to squat astride my face, her hands holding my head, she lowered herself to me, gently fucking her pussy over my mouth as my tongue and lips performed the lingual dance of pleasure on her clit... Within a short while she was almost screaming her pleasure as I provided to her the same privilege that she had so wondrously given to me. Her body spasmed above my mouth, her pussy nectar flowed over my face and into my eagerly awaiting mouth. Ecstasy! As she moved to my side I kissed her eyes and her lips to softly bring her back to us, waiting patiently for her to recover, grateful to this woman who had given me so much pleasure. 

As she alighted carefully from the table we looked to the other: Linda and Jacqueline were sitting on the edge of their table, each with the others pussy in hand as they cajoled: "We were beginning to think we should come over and help with some advice or something, we wondered if you were ever going to finish!!!" It was the ending of a wonderful afternoons experience and as we all showered together, we assured our new friends that we shall be back... Looking at the smiles on their faces as we handsomely tipped them, I am sure they would like us to 'cum' often. I am pretty sure we shall! 
