 I yelled at Connie to hurry up.  We were finally getting a weekend away.  Before we had married our respective husbands at least once a month the two of us would go away for a weekend and go wild!  Of course we were a lot younger then.  But there were times when I missed those days.  The responsibilities and at times, the frustrations, that come with being a mother and a wife could be almost too much to bear.  And lately I had been looking back with much longing at mine and Connie’s wild and carefree days.  Hence now the suggestion and finally the doing of our weekend away.  Finally she raced out the door of her house carrying her bags and waving frantically to the forlorn looking family shuffling out behind her.  She looked stunning in a white tee shirt and denim shorts.  Her red hair flew wildly around her as she bounced into the car.  

“Hey,” she smiled and leaned over to kiss my cheek.  “Are we ready?!”

We both giggled like schoolgirls as we embarked on our “adventure”.  We had decided to stay at the beach.  It wasn’t exactly paradise, but both of us kept in the back of our minds should anything go wrong with the kids or the husbands that we were only an hour or so’s drive away. 

“Listen to what I have,” I laughed as I put a CD into the car’s player.  The speakers vibrated with “our” song as we called it.  Connie dissolved into hysterical laughter as we both screamed the lyrics as loud as we could.  We bobbed our heads and Connie did some impressive ass wiggling even though she was seated.  The song took us back to the first time we had met.  We had been 15, and in love with the song and the singer.  It was what had made us friends, how simple it was back then.  To form a bond over a man who’s big brown eyes and smiles sent shivers down our spines and aches into our adolescent groins!  But the bond had grown and strengthened over the years, and now 20 years later, we remain the best of friends.  And no matter how old we get, or what stress or joy we seem to be experiencing, there is something about our friendship that makes everything okay.  

I looked over at Connie and smiled at her.

“We are going to have the best time this weekend.  And promise me this now - no work talk, no husband talk and no kid talk okay?  I know then it leaves very little to say, but we could always catch up on what the ‘old girls’ are doing. “  Referring to the old girls meant our old college friends with whom we shared superficial friendships with.  You know the types, we hear when THEY have something important going on in their lives but never other times.  Then again I don’t think I could have another friend as long as I lived that could compare to Connie.  All my relationships dulled in comparison to the one we shared.  “You know Paula has just had her third nose job, and to be honest, it looks bigger than it did before!  Don’t ask me how it just does!”

We were still laughing as we pulled up in front of the cottage we had rented for the weekend.  It was so pretty.  All white with roses climbing along the rails of the veranda.  It  looked just perfect for the relaxing weekend we had in store.

I moved all our bags into the house and then flopped on the huge couch that sat in the lounge.

“This is me,’ I sighed as I leaned back and closed my eyes.  “Wake me when it’s time to go home please!”

“Oh no you don’t!  We’re going for a walk along the beach.  NOW!!”  Connie grabbed my wrist and swatted my backside as I began to complain.

As we wandered down the shore line Connie and I reminisced about our previous holidays together.  Tears rolled down my cheeks as Connie reminded about our backpacking through Europe.  We had been 19 and decided that before we went on to further study we would get some “life education.”  We packed up our worldly belongings and spent nearly a year travelling.  We knew no other language beside English, but managed, or so we thought, to get by on what little we knew.  However when we entered Germany we were met with great suspicion from the border guards there.  The seemed to think we were prostitutes and apparently we did little to deny it.  Of course we didn’t now what we were answering yes to, and we kept smiling and nodding our heads in the hope that being polite, and yes okay maybe a little bit flirtatious with them we might get through quicker.  How we managed to get out of there alive I’ll never know.  I’ll never forget the look on Connie’s face when she realised what was going on.  And it was that look now that had me in hysterics.  I was trying to imitate it but couldn’t quite achieve it.  I turned to Connie to get her opinion, but it was then that I realised that Connie had gone extremely quiet, which for either of us when we were together was highly unusual.  She had a distant look on her face as she stared above her at the quarrelling seagulls.  With a friendship like ours I knew instinctively something wasn’t right.

“Spill it girl.  What’s on your mind?”  I placed my hand on her arm and looked searchingly at her face.  It was very rare that I saw Connie anything else but calm and relaxed about whatever was going on in her life.  I knew this was going to be a biggie, and as Connie turned to face me she inhaled deeply and I could see the tears begin to well in her eyes.

“I decided to come away with you for more than just the fact we have such a laugh together.  I need to get my head around something, and I knew eventually it would all have to come out but I just wanted some space to me first before I went blurting it out to everyone.  I needed to get my head around it.  I wanted to tell you earlier but I guess I was ashamed.”

I was still confused and had no idea what was wrong, but the rate the words were tumbling out of her mouth I knew that she just needed to let it all out and eventually it would begin to make sense to me.

“Fucking David!”  She spat out.  “He’s been cheating on me for a fucking year!”  She began to sob and I mean really sob.  I had never in all our time as friends seen Connie so utterly distraught.  I caught her around the waist as she began to crumple into the sand.  I was so shocked to see my friend like this, and felt that anything I said would be so useless in a situation like this.  So I just held her until her body stopped shuddering, and her breathing returned to normal.

She looked at me an laughed, embarrassed by what had just happened.  But she should never have felt like that.  I helped her to her feet and as we began to walk back to the cottage she filled me in on David’s affair.  Several times she stopped as fresh tears fell.  I felt for her but still didn’t know the words to say that would bring her comfort.  All I could do was listen to her, and it seemed it was all she needed.

We sat on the couch, and at her suggestion opened a bottle of wine.  I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  I had grown close to Davis over the years, and never in my life could I imagine him doing this to Connie.  So I could scarcely begin to imagine the pain and confusion Connie was feeling.

“The funny thing is is that if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes I wouldn’t have believed it either.”

“You what?!”  I was stunned.

“Yeah, I saw him and that slut together.  I decided to surprise David a couple of weeks ago at the office.  I packed a picnic lunch, and wore a big coat with nothing underneath and wanted to help his day along nicely.  So I went up there a little after 1 when I knew that his secretary wouldn’t be there, and most of the others were returning from lunch and we wouldn’t be disturbed,  David knew the routine too, because he took the opportunity to fuck the office junior at his desk.  The stupid bastard didn’t even bother locking his door.  So I walked in on the two of them.  She was bent over his desk, her hands were tied with his silk tie, the one I gave him for his birthday, and he was ramming her from behind.  He had a handful of her hair and was really going for it.  I mean he didn’t even notice I was there for about 30 seconds.  He was just pumping in and out of her, calling her a bitch and everything, finger in her ass.  Jesus Jo.  It was sick, so fucking sick.”  Connie began to sob again.  I reached for her hand and held it tightly as she continued.

“He asked her if she wanted his cock in her ass again, and that’s when I lost it.  I was wild because he had always pestered me for anal, but the thought of it didn’t do anything for me.  So it was obvious he was fulfilling his little fantasy with someone else.  I started screaming, and I lost it Jo.  I hit her.  I spat on her and kicked her right in the…right on her…you know.  Oh god I cant believe it.”

“You didn’t?!”  I couldn’t help myself I started to giggle.  I could just picture it.  “I’m sorry.  I know I shouldn’t laugh, but holy shit Connie!  You kicked her in the pussy?!”

Connie looked at me for a moment like I was insane.  And then began to smile.  Soon the both of us were in fits of laughter.  Of course it was totally inappropriate, but our laughing with each other had managed to pull us though just about every other crisis we’d faced in our lives.

We poured more wine and Connie began to return more to her former self.  Of course she hadn’t instantly gotten over the fact her husband was a piece of shit, but right now what she needed was to forget if only for a few hours.

The wine continued to flow, and as usual when we had been drinking our conversations turned to sex.  I did wonder if Connie would be okay talking about it, but she was the one who seemed to bring it up.  And to continue talking about it.

“I know he’s a complete and utter asshole, and right now I hate him, but when I walked in on him and that tart Jo, I got a little turned on.”  My eyes widened at Connie’s confession.  “I know it’s a little fucked up, but our love making was always so sweet and gentle, and I often fantasised about rougher sex.  And then seeing it right before your eyes, your own husband even if its not you he’s fucking, well I couldn’t help getting a little wet!”

Connie’s eyes seemed to glaze over a little and she wriggled slightly in the chair.  She gulped down more wine, and looked at me with a slow smile spreading across her lips.

“I’ve just shared with you.  Don’t you think it’s your turn now?”

“I’m sorry Connie.  My husband’s not fucking anyone else, so I can’t really share on the same level with you.”

“Ha ha you silly cow! I meant sexual sharing…fantasies.”

It took me a bit by surprise, but what the hey?  I knew that nothing I told her I would be judged for.  I slowly sipped more of my wine, and positioned myself a bit more comfortably on the couch.  As I explained my fantasy to Connie she watched me intently.  The heat of her gaze encouraged me to continue.  As I finished up, Connie leaned into me.  Her eyes were a little red, and her speech slightly slurred.

“Why don’t we make tonight the night fantasies come true?  You’ve heard mine I want some rough fucking, and all you want is to taste some pussy.  So how about it?  You can lick me as much as you want as long as I am your slut for the rest of the weekend.”

I should have probably felt uncomfortable at her suggestion, but all I felt was a dull ache in my pussy, and a yearning suddenly to touch my best friend.

“You filthy whore Connie.  I should slap you for that.”

With that Connie knew it was all on.  Never before in our friendship had the thought even entered our minds, but now all I could think of was why the hell hadn’t we?!

I pulled Connie off the couch and made her stand in front of me.  I wasn’t quite sure what I was doing but tried to think of the times that Rick and I had been a bit rough together and what I had liked.

I tore at Connie’s tee shirt and found  her breasts heaving against a flimsy pink lace bra.  Her nipples were already hard and protruding through the lace.  I reached up on pinched them roughly.  I expected Connie to perhaps wince, but she smiled and let out a small moan.  This encouraged me, though I still felt unsure as to what we were doing.  I roughly tugged at her breasts beneath her bra, until I finally tore at the lace and let them swing free.  They were glorious full tits.  Her pink nipples were so hard and stood at least an inch and a half long.  They were amazing, and even though I had never before sucked a tit, I couldn’t wait to get my mouth around them.  But what I really wanted to do was taste her pussy.  My mouth was literally salivating at the thought of it and I knew I could not wait much longer.

I ordered Connie to get her shorts off.  She dropped them to the floor and I gasped when I saw she was not wearing panties.  A huge wet stain had formed in the crotch of her shorts.  I picked them up from the floor and held them to my face.

“Mmmmm,”  I inhaled deeply.  “Only a slut would get this wet at only having her nipples touched.  That’s what you are aren’t you Connie?  Bend over slut.  I’ll show you what I do to a nasty little bitch like you.”  I couldn’t believe what was coming out of my mouth.  But I was enjoying myself, and it as obvious that Connie was to.

She began to move towards the couch to lean on as she bent over for me, but I stopped her.

“You don’t need to lean on the couch my little whore.  Just stand right where you are and touch your toes.”

Connie bent then in front of me, and I gasped as I watched her cunt pulsate as she did so.  I moved in closer for a good look.  She was really hairy and I couldn’t believe how wet she was making me.  The heady scent of her made me feel almost giddy as I neared her.  I wanted so badly to taste another woman’s juices.  And here was the perfect opportunity staring me in the face.

But as I got right in close to Connie’s exposed pussy, I noticed her asshole also throbbing.  It fascinated me as I watched.  Then an idea dawned on me.

“You want it rough don’t you Connie?  You want to be a slut?”

I didn’t give her a chance to answer.  I slapped her ass hard.  I enjoyed watching her flesh turn pink where my hand had connected.  I slapped her again, and Connie started to protest.

“You better shut the fuck up whore.  The more noise you make the harder it’s going to get.”  I slapped her again to make my point.

I began to kiss her cheeks where I had hit.  I also was caressing up her inner though each times inching closer to her vagina.  Her moisture had slipped down her legs and my fingers where damp with her excitement.  But I couldn’t take my eyes off her puckered little hole.  It looked so inviting to me for some reason.  I knew she wanted this to be rough, to fulfil her fantasies and her ass just seemed the perfect violation.  I gave her asshole a quick lick.  I was shocked at myself for doing it, but it felt pretty good.  I tried it again.  Connie did not protest, so I decided to do it more.  And it was wonderful!  I lapped at her ass like it was the sweetest piece  of candy I had ever enjoyed.  But it seemed I was getting more pleasure from this than Connie.  This was about both of our fantasies, and she wanted something rough and that’s what I decided to give her.

I ordered her to get down on her hands and knees on the floor.  I sat cross-legged behind her, and began to inspect her pussy.  I spread her lips and watched in amazement as her little clit began to swell.  She had sweet juices dripping from her, which showed her excitement.  I carried on examining her, pulling at times quite roughly at her lips and pinching at her clit.  Several times she cried out, and as I promised her, I just got harder.  She went to move away, and that’s when I slapped her.  Right on the pussy.  It made a delicious noise, and my own cunt began to flow.  She cried out so I did it again.

“You did it to her, so I am going to hit your cunt.  Do you like that?  Does that feel good to you?”

Connie spread her legs wider, and I took it that yes she did like what I was doing.  I pulled and clawed at her cunt, and occasionally let several fingers ram inside of her.  I felt her clamp around them each time they entered her.

So I grabbed one of the wines bottle we had drunk earlier and began to tease the neck of the bottle around her drooling hole.  I watched as it began to get slippery with her juices, and then slowly slid it into her pussy.  Connie groaned and I reminded her that she would be punished if she made too much noise.

“I don’t care.  This feels too good!”   She screamed.

“Slut!  You will be punished for disobeying me!”  I pulled the bottle from her and pushed my tongue inside her.  I began to furiously eat at her.  I chewed at her flaps, and occasionally bit down quite hard.  If it hurt Connie didn’t make a sound.  I was intoxicated by the taste of her.  I sucked at her hole and let the juices pool in my mouth.  I had never in my life tatsed something as sweet as my best friends hole.  I couldn’t get enough.  My hands clawed at her body, and pinched and slapped when I wanted a reaction from Connie.  Anything I could do to make her cry out, and have me get a bit rougher with her.  I was enjoying inflicting a little pain on her.  But I wanted her to feel a little more uncomfortable yet.