 Part 3 - The Girls Become Better Friends.

My wife Ruth and I were spending the weekend in the mountains at the hilltop house of Olga, our friend who had become really close over the course of the weekend. I hadn't planned it that way, we were just borrowing her spare bedroom to save spending on a hotel. The rest just happened with a bit of conspiracy between Ruth and Olga. After spending the night as a threesome, Olga and I had sneaked off in the morning for a quick oral session while my wife was still asleep. 

My wife and I spent most of the rest of the day away from our special friend. We had made plans for some weekend activities like hiking, visiting a nearby museum and a few other things that we find interesting, but might seem boring if set down here. Our friend Olga had to dash off to her office and take care of some paperwork, but we agreed to have dinner together and see what it would lead to. 

On arriving back at Olga's place that afternoon, we found her grumbling about something, pacing around with her phone and waving her hands angrily. She slammed the phone down and it took a few minutes to calm her and get the story. Her shower had stopped working and the only plumber that would drive up the mountain on the weekend was away. While plumbing is not my expertise, I gallantly offered to try and fix it. A little bit more pay back for letting us use her spare room. The problem turned out to be simple to diagnose, but required a trip partway down the mountain to a hardware store for parts. The ladies sent me off on the errand with the promise that they would start working on dinner in my absence. 

It took about a half-hour to get down to a shopping center that had a hardware store, then more time to find the parts and stand in a line about three miles long at the checkout counter. Then another half-hour drive back up into the mountains. The whole expedition took a couple of hours and I got back to Olga's place to find the two of them on the couch, drinking wine, and no sign of dinner preparation going on. I just sighed, thinking it typical and got the shower working again. Their sly smiles should have tipped me off that something had been going on. I got the story later from my wife. Here's what happened. 

Ruth and Olga went into the kitchen to look through the fridge and decide on what to make for dinner. Ruth started by opening a bottle of wine and pouring two glasses. Olga found a bag of frozen chicken breasts and brought them out of the freezer to show to Ruth. My wife just nodded and handed the wineglass to Olga. A friend once told me that most women are only two glasses of wine away from being bisexual. Perhaps it's true. 

"Chicken should be good. We can sprinkle some herbs and lemon juice on them."

"That sounds good, take out three of them. There should be some frozen veggies in there, too."

"Here you go, three chicken breasts." Ruth set them on a plate to thaw. "Hmm, three breasts, must be the girl with something extra."

Olga giggled. "I bet it's a bitch trying to find a good bra that will fit three. What is it with guys and breasts, anyway? It's like they're obsessed."

"I bet a guy would like a girl with three, one for each hand and one in his mouth." 

"Well Brian seemed to enjoy playing with four breasts last night."

"I think mine are too big, but Brian keeps saying that he likes them large." Ruth cocked her head at Olga. "He seems to like yours, maybe it's cause they're firmer than mine?" Ruth reached out a tentative hand towards Olga. "Do you mind?"

"Go ahead." Olga giggled again. "If I can try yours, too. But let's do this right." Olga set her wineglass down and pulled off the top of her hospital scrubs, exposing a lacy pink bra. She quickly undid the bra and presented her bare, apple-sized breasts for Ruth's inspection. 

Ruth gingerly pressed her hand to Olga's left breast. After a moment she tightened her grip a bit more, bringing her other hand up to explore further.

"They are really firm. I wish mine were. Your nipples are really tall, are they always up like that?"

"Most of the time, yeah." Olga ran her hands across Ruth's T-shirt, cupping her larger breasts. "What about letting me see?"

Ruth let go of Olga's breasts just long enough to discard her shirt and bra, then returned to her caressing inspection. Olga hefted Ruth's pendulous double-handful breasts. 

"They're so soft. I can understand why Brian likes them."

"Yeah, but they hang down too much."

"I don't think so." Olga smiled. "Now your nipples are getting hard." 

Ruth giggled. "I'm enjoying this, but... Mph." She was muffled by Olga gently bringing her lips onto hers. Closed mouth for the first few seconds, but when Ruth didn't pull away, Olga opened her mouth just enough to let their tongues barely meet. They held the tentative kiss for a few moments, letting just the tips of their tongues circle around each other, then Ruth did pull back.

"Uh, Olga, I've never done this before..."

"Don't worry, neither have I... Well, not much anyway. It feels good, let's just enjoy it." Olga brought her mouth back onto Ruth's and continued to caress her nipples. The kisses deepened, tongues fully intertwined and nipples were being gently pinched. Ruth's resistance had started out low, and now Olga had nearly demolished it. With a bit more stimulation, Ruth was ready for the next step and took the initiative.

"This is awkward. Why don't we continue somewhere more comfortable?" Ruth breathed into Olga's ear the next time she came up for air.

Olga flicked her head towards her bedroom and headed off in that direction with Ruth in tow. She kicked off her shoes and flopped down on the bed. Ruth followed her example and they continued their kissing and breast explorations. Ruth was the first to dip her head down to Olga's chest and take a tall nipple into her mouth. Olga moaned, rolled her eyes back and grabbed the back of Ruth's head, urging her to continue sucking. 

"Oh, that feels good, don't stop. Ooo, oh." Olga sighed and gave an extra squeeze to Ruth's sensitive nipples, causing her to moan with Olga's breast still in her mouth. 

"Oh, that's even better, keep humming. Yes, yes..." Olga breathed and Ruth complied, adding humming noises to her sucking and licking of Olga's breasts. Olga was becoming more excited by the second. After only a short time, she moved her right hand off of Ruth's breast and slid it down past the drawstring of her scrub pants, massaging her own clit.

"Oh, oh, you've got me really turned on, I've got to cum soon." Olga gasped. "Please help me. Help me cum." 

Ruth turned loose of Olga's breast just long enough to look up at her and whisper an "Oh yes," in reply. Ruth undid the drawstring of the scrubs and slid her hand in and past the waistband of Olga's panties, taking over from Olga's self-stimulation. This was the first time that Ruth had ever touched another woman's wet sex and was surprised to find herself really enjoying the wet smoothness of the taller woman. She soon found Olga's clit and tried applying the same sort of pressure that she herself liked. Olga's chorus of "oh... oh" got even louder and faster. By this time Olga was just resting her hands on Ruth's breasts, so absorbed in her impending orgasm that she was oblivious to everything else. Ruth was wet and exited enough that she didn't care, she just kept sucking on Olga's nipples and rubbing her clit. 

"Oh... oh, put your finger inside, quick." Olga gasped suddenly. 

"What?" Ruth didn't quite understand at first. 

"Put your other finger inside me. Rub my G-spot, quick, I'm going to cum. Oh, oh, oh."

Ruth twisted her hand around a little bit to follow Olga's instructions. Moving her thumb onto Olga's clit, Ruth dipped her middle finger just inside the wet opening. It only took a second for Ruth to find the smooth area that indicated Olga's G-spot and start massaging it. Olga didn't last long after that.

Oh yessss, I'm cumming. Oooooh..." 

Ruth could feel Olga's vagina walls ripple as the blond lolled her head back in pure ecstasy. It took a little while for Olga's breathing to slow down and Ruth finally slid her hand out of Olga's soaked panties and scrubs.

"That was extraordinary, but I want to cum, too. Help me cum." Ruth breathed in Olga's ear and started undoing her own jeans. Olga nodded and kneeled up to help the shorter woman slide her jeans and panties all the way off, then without moving from between Ruth's knees, she gave a wicked grin. Gently spreading Ruth's plump legs, Olga dipped her head onto the newly exposed slit. Ruth gasped with surprise as Olga's tongue plunged into the folds of her wet pussy. Ruth couldn't help herself from putting her hand on the back of Olga's head and guiding her to just the right places. Ruth's other hand slid up to her breasts and added to her stimulation. Olga was working on Ruth with all of her skill, sliding her tongue from her wet hole up to her clit and back again and using her lips to nibble on Ruth's soft inner labia. Ruth's breathing became ragged as she approached her own climax. When Olga thought that Ruth was close, she slid her finger into the shorter woman's vagina, seeking her G-spot. There was barely time to find it. Ruth took an extra deep breath, held it for a moment and then let it out slowly in one long, continuous moan. Olga kept on licking. As her orgasm subsided, Ruth was so overstimulated that she found it necessary to grab Olga's head and pull her away.

"That's enough. Oh God, that was wonderful." Ruth sighed. 

Olga crawled up the bed so that their heads were together on the pillows. 

"Oh yes, that was so good, I'm glad you liked it as much as I did." Without waiting for a reply, Olga brought her mouth down onto Ruth's for another deep kiss. 

Ruth responded eagerly and Olga slid her hand down to cup Ruth's bare bottom. Ruth slid her hand down, too and noticed that Olga wasn't wearing her scrubs or panties anymore. Part of Ruth's mind wondered when that happened, but mostly she didn't care. Especially when Olga pulled Ruth close so that their muffs rubbed together. Ruth swiveled her hips against Olga and was pleased to find that she could indirectly stimulate her clit this way. It had the same effect on Olga's clit and they both started moving in synch, grinding their mounds together. Their sweet juices combined, lubricating their motion and soaking their mingled pubic hair, blond and brown. Their speed increased by slight degrees, bit by bit until both women were ready to cum yet again. Olga was the first to climax, moaning directly into Ruth's mouth and squeezing the shorter woman's nipples. Ruth kept rubbing against Olga for a few seconds more, just until the shorter woman's own orgasm caused her to squirm in delight until she was satiated. 

Gasping for air, both women rolled onto their backs, away from each other but still touching slightly. Neither one willing to break contact yet. They lay like that until both were breathing in a way close to normal again. 

"Oh my God, that was wonderful."

"Oh yes, yes, yes. But we'd better get dressed, Brian might get back anytime now."

"Don't you think he'd like to find us naked and together? I bet he's already had this fantasy."

"Yeah, it's probably any guy's fantasy, but I was thinking that if he finds us like this, then the shower will never get fixed."