 This happened a few weekends ago. I have not had a chance to write it up because I have been so busy with work, but now that my ankle is broken, I have a lot of time on my hands. 

For those who have not read my previous stories, Sandy is 38 years old, tall, slender, medium length brown hair, beautiful, married, bisexual, and is also fucking my mother, which is another very long story for another time. She lives 4 hours away and visits me on the weekends. Sandy is not as tall as I am but close. She is 6' tall while I am 6'3". We make a very striking couple and when we are out together, it is obvious to most people that we are a couple; a somewhat odd couple since I am ten years younger than Sandy. What can I say? I have this thing for beautiful, mature women. I recently turned 29 so Sandy isn't really all that much older than me, but she is mature enough that I find her very attractive. It's not that I do not like women my own age or younger, sometimes I do. It's that there is something special about mature women. 

Part One: Sandy's Arrival

Sandy got in around 2:30 in the morning. She had something to do with her kids that night which is the reason she was so late. She usually leaves home around 6 pm and gets in around 10 pm. I was not going to try to stay up so I went to bed a little after 10 pm and masturbated myself to sleep. I was sound asleep so she let herself in. Usually I am a very light sleeper but for some reason I was dead to the world. I did not hear her enter or take her clothes off. I only became aware of her presence when I felt her fingers enter me and her lips nibbling on my neck. No that is wrong. I think that I actually noticed her scent first. Aromas are extremely important part of sex and love to me, and Sandy has an incredible aroma about her. 

Her first words to me were, "You are wet. Waiting for me lover?"

"Yes," I lied not wanting to tell her about the fact that I had spent the day soaking wet with toys inside of me waiting to make love to Sarah which was exquisitely wonderful as always despite the fact that both of us were running late because of business commitments. It was cyber sex, but it was still excellent. Although we have never met in person, there is an incredible intimate connection between me and my little pixie friend. 

She reached for the strapless strap-on, but I said, "No not tonight. I just want you."

The strapless strap on is a little device I had purchased on the Web a few weeks ago. It is strapless in the sense that on the girl end is a rather large bulb that holds it firmly in place in a vagina and it also vibrates. The male end is 7 inches long and about 2 inches in diameter. As a toy it can be a lot of fun, but it is no replacement for lips, tongues, and fingers. 

"I don't get it," she said. "You want me to be the dominant one, don't you?"

"Yes," I replied. "But only when I am feeling submissive. Right now all I want is you."

She may have smiled. I could not tell. The room was dark. She pulled all of the bed covers back and lowered the full length of her body on top of mine. We began kissing gently with our breasts pressed together and our crotches glued to each other. 

We kissed for a long time which was fine because both of us love to kiss, but she eventually moved down to my breasts and then down to my crotch. God she worked on me for over an hour giving me some very delicious and intense Os before I decided to turn on her. Oh God I love the way she tastes and the way that she responds to my touches, kisses, licks, and fingering. She is truly the most multi orgasmic woman that I have ever encountered. 

I am going to have to seriously rethink my decision to try to teach her how to dominate me. It seems that she may actually be the submissive one. 

She fell asleep quickly which is understandable. She drove a long way to get here.

Part Two: Saturday Morning and Afternoon With Sandy 

Sandy slept until a little after 10 am on Saturday. She was tired after her long trip and getting in so late, not to mention the fact that we kept each other up for hours enjoying some fantastic sex. As usual, I woke up early. No matter how late I get to bed I am always up by 6 am if not sooner. It is very rare that I ever sleep late. I have to be totally exhausted. Well into my routine, I served her some orange juice and coffee in bed while I served in another special way. What can I tell you? I love licking her pussy. It excites me and it drives her wild. Then I let her use the strapless strap-on, on me because she really wanted to and I would not let her use it last night. I also wanted to encourage her dominant tendencies. I am convinced that she is inherently domme. I just have to figure out how to bring it out in her. 

Although I am a confirmed lesbian, I must admit that I liked being fucked with a strap on or a dildo or a vibrator. It is a "hold over thing" from the days long ago that I would fuck just about any guy in the hope of proving to myself that I was merely bisexual rather than lesbian. I was confused in those days about my sexuality, but not now. I do still like the feeling of being fucked, but much prefer to be fucked by a woman than a man. What can I say? By some strange quirk of fate, I am attracted to women and not to men. I discovered this early in life with my first lover Amy.

Any way, Sandy, or should I call her Lady Sandra managed to give me several nice little Os, but I wanted her to dominate me. 

So I had an idea. After she had been shoving the thing inside of me long enough to get it good and wet, I told her I wanted her to fuck me in the ass with the thing. She gave me an evil grin and told me to get on my knees. Well my juices were not enough to allow penetration so we had to resort to some k-y jelly. I didn't derive much pleasure from the ass fucking I got except for the pleasure I was receiving knowing that she was having pleasure. The little girly end inside of her vibrates and she was really into giving herself her own pleasure at my expense, and I was fully willing to accommodate her. After coming several times, she was kind enough to lick me to a very satisfying orgasm. 

We showered together, dressed, and went out to lunch at this little restaurant known for the quality of its European style menu offerings. Since it was pouring out, there were very few patrons in the restaurant which allowed us to have a very frank and open, if not bizarre conversation. 

It started with Sandy saying, "Your mother would like to have sex with the both of us at the same time."

"Jesus Sandy," I replied. "Don't go there. It's bad enough that you are fucking me and her."

"Technically it would be incest," she went on. "But since you can't get pregnant from it, I do not see any harm."

"Good Grief!" I replied. 

"You wouldn't have to do her. The two of you can work on me at the same time and I could switch between the two of you," she answered back sincerely. 

"Enough!" I almost screamed. 

"Well it's just a suggestion," she replied. "And if you really want me to dominate you, I'll just tie you up, call Lisa and have her drive to town so both of us can use you." 

I glared at her and said, "If you ever want my tongue on your clit again just shut up and put away such thoughts."

"I'm sorry," she replied. "I didn't mean to make you angry."

"I am angry," I said harshly.

We finished the rest of the lunch in silence. 

After lunch she wanted to stop at Victoria's Secret to get some bra and panty sets. That woman must have the largest collection of matching bras and panties, this is the third weekend in a row that she has been shopping there. My budget being what it is, I did not buy anything but she insisted that I get a matched set of bra, garter belt, panties, and hose as a birthday present from her. So I agreed and thanked her. 

While we were shopping she was complaining that the stuff in the store was not naughty enough. So I took her to the new adult emporium that opened a few months ago. It is much nicer and much more upscale than the seedy adult book store in town. 

She went absolutely nuts and I encouraged her. She got a short, strapless, black, latex mini dress that fit her like a glove and barely covered her cute butt, a pair of red latex long sleeved gloves, several pairs of black and white fishnet stockings and pantyhose, a black latex garter belt, and a really expensive pair of black latex thigh high boots. She also bought two strapless strap-ons, one for her and one for my mother so she could leave mine home with me. She said my mother really loved having it used on her and using it on Sandy. She also suggested that mom would probably like to use it on me. I told her to shut up. The sales clerk had overheard us. Fortunately she used my mother's first name. Otherwise I would have been really embarrassed.

We left the store and went home to take a well deserved nap, but not before some very sensual kissing and fingering that gave both of us a lot of satisfaction. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing I like better than licking pussy and Sandy's in particular, except for having my own pussy licked, but there is something so sensual about simply kissing and fingering, and Sandy is a fantastic kisser. 

Part Three: Saturday Night with Sandy and a New Friend with Some Role Play

I made Saturday dinner for Sandy and me while she continued to nap. Considering that we had a large lunch, I figured that a nice salad and some crusty French bread would be enough. So I made my special sweet and sour salad consisting of hearts of romaine, orange slices, julienne slices of Swiss cheese, toasted slivered almonds, and sweet and sour dressing. A nice bottle of Pinot Grigio went very well with it, cutting both the sweetness and the sourness of the dressing and complementing the nutty flavor of the cheese and almonds. I served it on the coffee table in the living room with a nice fire going because it was chilly and damp outside. The lights were dimmed low and we could see the sun set over the golf course through the patio windows as the rain stopped and the skies began to clear. We were both wearing robes which allowed our breasts to peak out every once in a while, teasing each other. She helped me clean up and then we went back to bed for a little fun before showering and dressing to go out. 

Of course Sandy had to wear the black latex dress, crotchless black fishnet hose, the red gloves, and black thigh high boots she had bought earlier today. She looked perfectly evil. The dress had a low cut neckline with a built in bra and push up pads that really made her breasts stand up while still hiding her areolas. The hem came to a little bit above mid thigh and the tops of the boots came just a little bit above the bottom of her hem. 

She asked me if I had anything that might make me look like a school girl. So I got out my black and red tartan wool wrap skirt that is quite short, a white cotton blouse with long sleeves and a peter pan collar. She required that I wear no bra and suggested crotchless nude hose while I added white anklet socks with lace ruffles, and 4 inch red pumps. I have even higher red pumps but frankly I have a lot of trouble walking in them, so they are only worn in bed. She said I looked like a school girl hooker and that she might just pimp me out tonight. On a rational level I was not sure I liked that idea but my submissive side made me leak. 

We headed off to Panic, a local gay/lesbian bar, in the hope that they would let us in. Last weekend we got kicked out because I put on a scene where I was kneeling in front of Sandy, sucking the fake cock hanging out of the front of her leather pants. That got us booted but we did put on quite a scene and got a lot of applause from the crowd that gathered around us to watch in fascination. Kelly, one of the owners, walked up to us as we were walking in eyeing Sandy's latex dress with some concern and said, "No funny stuff tonight, girls."

"No funny stuff," I replied. "I promise."

There was one stool open at the bar and Sandy told me to take it. She stood next to me with her arm around me in an open display of affection and ordered wine for the two of us. We kissed and cuddled and felt each other up while we sipped at our wine, both of us conscious of the fact that we were being watched. Some of the single women were envious as were some couples too. Others looked at us longingly, especially when Sandy put her hand under my skirt and slipped to fingers inside of me. Of course no one could see under the skirt, but most of our audience knew what was going on. It's a good thing that I am an exhibitionist and Sandy is learning to enjoy it also. 

An all girl band started to play and seats opened up at the bar as people moved forward to get a better view. Sandy went up closer too. I've seen the band before and was not really interested. What I was interested in was the two women who took up the stools sitting next to me. 

I had noticed the two of them were looking at Sandy and me before. Both were blond. The older one appeared to be in her mid to late thirties and rather tall, actually almost as tall as me. She had short blond hair, sparkling blue eyes, luscious lips, and a muscular build. She had a certain mannish quality about her, but she was also quite feminine. The other one was younger than me, very short, slender, long straight natural blond hair, and blue eyes. 

The older one introduced herself as Eden but told me to call her Edie and the younger one as Ally. Cute, Edie and Ally. I almost gagged. I knew I had seen Edie around before, but usually with older women. Edie was wearing tight fitting jeans and an even tighter fitting black tank top that accentuated her nicely shaped, full breasts. Ally wore a yellow, floral pattern halter sundress that was quite short. It had a plunging neck line that almost revealed a pair of rather small breasts. 

Edie got right to the point. "Ally and I were wondering if you and your friend might like to get together for a little private fun?" she smiled invitingly. 

I smiled back with a wink and said, "I think that might be a lot of fun."

"Oh I am sure we can arrange that," she smiled back. 

"Well? I will have to ask Sandy since she is my mistress." 

"Sub, I gather?" she asked with a warm but dangerous looking smile.

"Yes," I replied softly. "But not too extreme."

"Good. I like that," she smiled back at me with a lovely evil grin on her face. 

Sandy noticed me talking to the two women, so she returned to the bar. I introduced them and very bluntly said, "They would like to fuck us."

Sandy looked a little startled. Then she gave both of them a careful look over, especially Ally and said, "That sounds like fun to me."

Edie knew where my apartment complex was so I gave her my building number and apartment number. On the ride home, Sandy said, "I get the little one first." 

When we got to the apartment the both of us rushed to get a bottle of wine open and four glasses on the coffee table. The doorbell rang not five minutes after we got home. 

I poured them some wine and the four of us wound up squished together on the sofa: me Edie, Sandy, and Ally all in a row. The lights were dim and the fireplace was glowing. 

Edie turned to me and put her arm around my shoulder. Then with her glass still in her hand she began running one of her nicely manicured finger tips up and down my forearm. 

"I love your school girl outfit," she said. "It is a particular fantasy of mine and I do not get to play it out that often with a beautiful young woman like yourself."

"Gee thanks," I said. "But Ally looks like she is younger than me."

"She probably is," she answered back. "But she is no where near as tall as you and I really love tall, beautiful, young woman who are submissive. Are you really submissive?"

"I'm a little submissive," I replied. "I'm not into anything kinky or weird, but I do like to serve and give pleasure."

"What about pain?" she asked.

"No not really into pain," I replied.

"Spanking?" she asked.

"A little if it is not too severe," I blushed. 

"What about role playing?" she pressed further. 

"I could probably get into that," I responded. "But I don't know how good I'd be at it and I wouldn't want to do it all of the time."

"I understand perfectly Dear," she replied warmly. "It is something that should only be done occasionally and when both partners are in the mood. Are you in the mood to try it?"

"I think so," I replied somewhat hesitantly. "What do you have in mind?"

"You play the naughty school girl who gets caught in a potentially compromising situation with a classmate. You are sent to me, the Head Coach and school disciplinary, so that I may find out what you did and inflict the proper punishment like a spanking." 

"Can we play too?" I heard Ally ask. I looked over and Sandy already had her hand inside of Ally's dress. Sandy and she just smiled her approval. 

"Okay," Edie said. "You two girls stand up next to each other facing us and push the coffee table back so you will have room to move around. And it would be a good idea to clear the coffee table." 

I cleared the table, putting all of the stuff on the kitchen counter pass through, moved the coffee table back, and stood next to Ally who was standing there looking down at the floor like she had done this before. So I did the same. 

"I will be Coach Eden and Sandy will be Coach Sandra," Edie said. "You two girls were found hiding out of the janitor's closet. What were you two girls doing in there?"

"Nothing Coach Eden," Ally replied in a hushed and guilt ridden voice. 

"And what do you have to say for yourself, Julia?" Coach Sandra asked harshly.

"We weren't doing anything wrong," I answered back meekly. 

"Then how come the teacher who found you heard moaning and groaning coming from behind the locked door?" Coach Sandra asked harshly.

"We don't know," Ally answered back in a wobbly voice.

"Then how come two pair of panties were found on the floor of the room when the teacher finally got the key and opened the door?" Coach Eden asked. 

"I don't know Ms. Eden," I mumbled. 

"Lift your skirts," Ms. Sandra ordered. 

Ally and I both reluctantly lifted our skirts to expose our naked pussies. 

"See what did I tell you," Ms. Sandra said to Ms. Eden. "The two horny little bitches were in there masturbating."

"Were you doing yourselves or each other?" Ms. Eden demanded to know. 

Neither one of us said anything. 

"Your silence calls for punishment," Coach Eden proclaimed. "You the big slut come over here and lay across my lap."

Coach Sandra gave the same orders to Ally. 

We were facing each other with our lips almost touching when our coaches lifted our skirts and began spanking us, slowly and lightly at first, then with more speed and power, until both of us were crying. I don't know about Ally, but I was incredibly turned on. If Coach Eden had touched my sex, I would have exploded on the spot. 

"Enough!" Coach Eden ordered. "You two get up and sit on the coffee table." 

It hurt to sit. "We didn't do anything wrong Ms. Eden. We didn't do anything that you and Coach Sandra don't do in your office when you think no one is watching."

"And how do you know what we do in my office?" Coach Eden asked with an angry tone in her voice. 

"Well we can hear you and we can see through a slit in the blinds," I explained. 

"Well why don't you girls show us what you have seen and heard?" she suggested.

"You mean right here and now?" I asked.

"Yes Damn It!" Coach Eden screamed. "Or you will be punished again."

Ally turned to me and offered her lips to mine. I accepted them and returned a pleasurable kiss. As we continued to kiss she unbuttoned my blouse and I undid the back of her halter dress. She was indeed incredibly flat chested but her breasts were totally adorable. She moaned as I pinched her tiny nipples, and she returned the favor to mine. 
