 Mariana and I had been dating for a few weeks. Our favorite fuck-spot was at the library where we worked. Every once and a while, we met in the basement during our breaks to let off a little steam, destress, the usual. 

We'd been planning a weekend getaway specifically to have a lot of sex. Our hectic schedules didn't let us get together often enough, and when we did see each other, we were too exhausted to do more than cuddle and watch movies.

Don't get me wrong, I love cuddling. But we needed some time together. Quality time together. We needed sex.

I woke up on Thursday to a text from Mariana.

Hey babe!!! Can't wait to see you this weekend our first weekend-long fuck-a-thon! See you at work XXX

A picture popped up under it. It was her in just a thong, standing above the camera, pinching her large nipples. The camera was focused on the outline of her pussy lips under the thong, a giant wet spot right in the middle. A trickle of her juice had run down her smooth thigh. 

I smiled. She was naughty, making me horny before my shift. I desperately hoped we could take a quick fuck in the basement, but with our different shifts? I would have to be content with this weekend. 

But I didn't wear panties, just in case.

I got to work after a bumpy ride on the bus that didn't help my wet pussy or horny feelings. Jack, the head librarian, asked me to reshelve books. It was my favorite part of the job, and I was happy to make sure all the books were in the right spots. Everything alphabetized in its own place.

Around noon, as I put books back on shelves, Mariana came up behind me, carrying a stack of books. 

She set them on my cart. "I'm taking a break in ten minutes." She leaned forward, her half-buttoned shirt dipped, showing me her smooth, tan breasts. "Basement stacks?"

I nodded, still staring at her chest as she stood up. She winked, and I blushed. Subtlety had never been my strong point. 

When I had finished with the books, Jack came up to me. "Hey, Leslie, you want to take your break? It's not busy right now." 

"Sure." I didn't think that he knew about me and Mariana, but I'd take any opportunity to fuck at this point, as my wet pussy would show Mariana.

I clocked out and took my lunch to the basement. The stacks stretched out along the whole basement, as big as the library. I turned down the Japanese section, all the way in the back. Our favorite fucking spot. Mariana was already there, munching on a sandwich.

"I figured you'd want some before this weekend." She swallowed and beckoned me over. "You always were horny."

I came over and gave her a peck on her soft, rosy cheek. "You know me so well. And I don't think I'm the only horny one."

She blushed and gave me a play swat on the ass. "Stop teasing."

I took her in my arms and locked lips with her. 

She melted into me, closing her eyes. "You know you love it, anyway, Leslie."

I moaned in agreement, feeling a thrill from our make out session in a semi-public place. Fucking in the basement, it was always possible that another librarian would walk in on us, even though our section was all the way in the back.

"Let me undress you," Mariana moaned in my ear. 

I leaned into her, feeling her breasts squish into me. "Just a warning, I'm not wearing panties." 

She giggled and leaned closer, letting our hips grind into each other. "Me neither." She pulled on the zipper of my dress, letting it fall from my body. "I took them off after taking that photo."

"In that case, can I start?" I knew she wanted to fuck me, but I wanted to taste her first. She was right. I was horny out of my mind. 

She pulled her skirt up, revealing a stubbly mound. "Fuck me, babe."

I dropped to my knees, getting a look of her pussy from below. Trickles of her juices ran down to her knees. I stuck out my tongue and caught them, following their trail to its source. As I slowly ran my tongue up her thigh, she wobbled. I caught her ass, holding her up, spreading her cheeks. She shivered and leaned on one of the shelves for support.

My tongue reached her pussy and I sucked her labia individually, getting as much of her juice as I could. After running my tongue around her pussy a few times, I licked down her other thigh, following a stray trail of wetness down to her knee, then back up.

She grabbed my head and pulled my face closer to her pussy. I ran my tongue over her mound, feeling her stubbly hair, rough on my tongue. 

She squirmed and whimpered. "Fuck, Les, what are you waiting for?"

She was right; we didn't have all day. Before she could finish her question, I stuck my tongue in her pussy, reaching as far as I could. She gasped and gripped my head, letting her fingers dig into my scalp. I circled her clit, sucking and licking it. I pulled her ass cheeks apart, letting the cool air hit her hole.

I stole a glance up. She was fingering her nipple, running it between her long fingers. Her head was flung back, and her mouth formed an O. "I'm so close," she breathed.

I roughly stuck my tongue further into her vagina, and she moaned. Her pussy clenched around my tongue, and she gasped. "God, I'm coming." Cum dribbled out into my mouth as her pussy contracted on my tongue.

I licked up every drop of cum I could, enjoying the feeling of her pussy squeezing my probing tongue. 

She gasped and swayed, grabbing the shelves for support.

I stood up, her wetness all over my mouth. She smiled at me, still moaning and gasping. I glanced down at my bare body. A pool of my own juices had gathered on the floor where I was squatting. I looked at her chest. Her breasts shook with her body, nipples erect and pointing to the ceiling. 

Cupping one breast in my hand, I lowered my mouth to her nipple. I took it in my mouth, running my wet tongue and lips over her. I ran my tongue around her hard nipple, then took it between my teeth and bit. 

When my teeth touched her, she bucked her hips, moaning again. "Fuck, yes. Take me."

I kept sucking her nipple, running my tongue over it. She quivered again, and I took one hand from her ass and put it between her legs. Her pussy was wet again. I resisted the urge to massage her clit and instead touched my own. 

I ran my middle finger along my own slit, letting my juices drip down my leg. I found my clit and rubbed it, still sucking Mariana's nipple. 

I was so close that I came within seconds of touching myself. I sighed with pleasure, letting the waves of orgasm run through me. 

After I came, I stopped sucking her nipple and took my hand from my pussy. 

Mariana glowed, her face content. I knew she could take more, but someone might start to get suspicious if we stayed down here too long.

As she came down from her orgasm high, she turned to me. "God, that was good. I needed that." She leaned back on the shelves, then turned to me, her eyes wide. "Shit, how much time do we have?"

"Fifteen minutes." I took a pack of wipes from my bag and started to clean myself. I held one out to her.

She took it and pouted. "I didn't even get to see you."

I shrugged, cleaning the pool of my juices from the floor, unable to stop the smile on my face. "It was so hot sucking your tits that I got myself off."

"Aww. But it's not the same." She shimmied her skirt from her waist to cover her knees, her still-swollen labia hidden.

I smiled slyly and winked. "You'll get the chance, babe, don't worry." 

She giggled. "Ooh. I can't wait." She helped me back into my dress and we checked each other for any signs of our fuck session.

As she brushed dust from my shoulder, she frowned. "You didn't get to eat your lunch, either, babe. You'll be hungry."

I gave her a quick kiss on the lips. "Trust me, I ate enough."

She blushed and turned away, heading back to work.

I watched her swaying ass. She had a slight swing in her step, trying to keep her labia from rubbing together too much. I waited for a few minutes, rubbing my nipples. They'd be erect when I got upstairs, but I could blame that on the cold. Our session was worth it.

And I couldn't wait for the weekend.