 Paul only gave her a couple hours notice by phone. Linda considered herself lucky, as he usually gave a lot less. She smiled as she quickly showered, taking special care to make certain she was entirely smooth all over her body, and readied herself. She was hoping that he would call on her again. It was his style. Sometimes he would call every weekend, sometimes would miss a few in a row. What did surprise her, though, was that her Master ordered her to meet at the LeRose again.

Linda knew Paul to be wealthy and powerful. Wealthy, powerful men did not eat at the same restaurant, no matter how exclusive and trendy, two weekends in a row. Her Master had something planned, and it made her pussy tingle with the thought. 

She hopped into a cab, and was certain that the driver was going to get into an accident as they sped away. His eyes lingered on her more than the road, but she wasn't surprised. Her blond hair was braided back in two long strands down the back of her head. She wore a shiny, black top that collared around her neck and fell down her front, only touching her back at the top of her waist where the straps were tied in a bow. The strip of material clung tightly to her torso, squeezing a healthy portion of her braless tits out the side. Around her waist she had decided on a simple knee length skirt that elegantly balanced the provocative top. She had a white silk shawl around her shoulders, carefully using it to providing teasing glimpses of her flesh. Slipping the driver a decent tip, she could feel his eyes lingering on her firm ass as she moved towards the front door of LeRose.

As with the week before, she entered to the appreciation of men and women alike, her entire body exuding sex as she was ushered to Paul's table. He watched her sit with an appreciative eye and waved the host away. A waiter quickly took his place, and the young man smiled widely as he brazenly ogled Linda's body. She glanced up at him as he poured their wine and raised her eyebrows. He was the same waiter they had the week before and was making no attempt at all to hide his desire for her. Paul only watched in silence until he finished and reluctantly backed away. Linda looked around curiously. It was a different table, at least, but it was in plain view of the rest of the restaurant, situated near the large fireplace. Not exactly an ideal place for games, but who said the evening's play was to begin there?

They spend the next while in pleasant conversation about life in general when Paul suddenly leaned across the table. She twitched when she felt his hand land on her knee and slide up her thigh.

"Wait for me in the woman's washroom," he ordered, lowering his voice only enough to ensure it was lost in the din of the main room. Linda raised her eyebrows and smiled wryly at him.

"Yes, Master," she whispered and slid out of her seat. More eyes followed her as she made her way into the side hallway that lead to the washrooms. She turned when she reached the door and found Paul speaking closely to their waiter and gesturing towards the hallway before slipping inside.

Linda waited impatiently in the spacious washroom. The room was as elegant as the rest of the restaurant, impeccably clean and richly decorated in ivories and chrome. It was not a usual place for a sexual rendezvous, but it was also not unheard of. She smiled as she thought of past washroom experiences.

Paul entered casually, not even checking to see if anyone else was in there with her. He looked so good, Linda thought. Dressed in expensive slacks, a gunmetal turtle neck and sports jacket, he looked both dashing and dangerous. It was a combination that she adored so much in the man. She was about to wonder why he had worn his jacket to the washroom when he walked over to her.

"Present," he snapped. Linda immediately assumed the position, clasping her hands behind her back as she spread her legs and thrust her chest forward, all the while looking at the carpeted floor. Paul gave her a long look before turning his attention to the stalls. 

"Come," he ordered and she quickly fell into step as he led her to the stalls. Paul turned her back to one of the doors. "Arms out." Taking one of her extended arms in hand, Paul reached into he jacket pocket and pulled out a set of handcuffs. Snapping it onto her wrist, he pulled her up so that he could lock the other end onto the metal rod that was bolted to the ceiling and helped support the stall partitions. He quickly attached her other arm and stepped back to admire his handiwork as she stared at the floor, her face flushed. Her hands rested in the cuffs slightly higher than her shoulders, and the brackets attached to the bar allowed for only minimal movement. Paul was just starting to lean back against the counter when the bathroom door opened.

"Bill," a woman's irritated voice spoke, "I'm off in ten minutes. What's going on?"

The question was answered as the door closed. Paul and Linda both turned to see their waiter escort a young woman inside. Linda recognized her from last week as well, and the strange looks she had given her all night. The waitress was so stunned by the sight of the beautiful woman handcuffed to the stall that she failed to notice Paul standing there or the faint click as the waiter, Bill, locked the door behind them.

"Pet," Paul said, breaking the silence and causing the girl to jump. She looked wide-eyed at Paul for the first time and backed into her companion. "This young woman's name is Karen. Say hello."

"Hello, Karen," Linda purred from her captive position. She found Karen's youthful fear as exhilarating as her looks. She had a sweet face with long, dark hair and a pretty smile. She suddenly found herself hoping she would be able to taste that smile on her own lips. 

Karen turned and looked at Bill with wide eyes. "What's going on here?" she demanded in a less than commanding tone. 

"It's like this, Karen," Paul said as he started to walk towards her.

"How do you know my name?"

"Bill told me, of course. How old are you?"

"Nineteen," she said quietly as Paul stopped in front of her. Paul nodded and smiled. He reached out and stroked her hair away from her cheek. She cringed back at first, but allowed him to gently caress her. 

"Well, Karen, it's like this. Bill tells me that he has been friends with you for three years. He has always been attracted to you, but didn't want to say anything because of your friendship." Her eyes widened and she turned to look at Bill for confirmation. He simply shrugged back. "He also tells me that you shared a lot of things with him. One of them is a fantasy that you have always wanted to be with a woman, but have never had the chance. I am here to offer you a chance." 

Paul stepped beside her and followed her gaze to his captive slave. "I saw you looking last week. I know you want her. She's here for the taking, locked away so you may do whatever you want with her. The only thing we want in exchange is to watch. It's probably going to be Bill's only chance to see you have sex. What do you say?"

She looked first at Linda's ripe and firm body, then back to the two men beside her. She had no idea that Bill felt that way about her. And she dreaded what her current boyfriend would think if he ever found out. 

"I can do whatever I want?" she asked gruffly. "You guys will just watch, and that's all?"

"That's all."

"And you won't say anything?"

"We won't tell anyone," Bill blurted, his face flushed.

Karen looked at them again for long moments before nodding and turning back Linda. As she took her first step towards the bound woman, all thoughts of the two men left her mind. She stopped in front of the helpless slave and looked her in the eye. Linda could feel her quivering, and decided it was from a mixture of lust and anticipation and fear. The young woman was about to cross a very important boundary in her sexual life. 

Karen fought with her courage and desire and finally leaned forward on her tiptoes. Wrapping her arms around Linda's waist, the two women moved their heads forward and their lips met for the first time. Karen hesitated for a moment, but when Linda's tongue licked out and caught her retreating lips, she took the initiated and mashed her mouth back on the slave's. The two women kissed each other hard, their tongues sweeping past one another as they explored each other's mouths. 

It was Karen's first female kiss, and her head swam and she found the nerve to bring her hands up and touch Linda's waiting body. She rubbed her palm over her firm ass through the thin shirt and along the naked the skin of her back. Linda moaned and giggled in her mouth at the tender touch. Linda always loved the touch of a woman. It was always so loving and affectionate, a sharp contrast to the heavy hand she liked men to use on her. Karen's hands continued up over her covered tits, just brushing the bare edges of her breasts, until both hands rested on her neck.

They continued to kiss passionately, and Karen's hands played with the bow that tied the top around Linda's neck. It took the girl by surprise when her tinkering worked the bow free and the top started to slide down Linda's chest. She opened her eyes and took a step back in time to see Linda's tits fully exposed as the top hung off her waist. Linda tried to follow Karen's lips until they were out of her range and look at her through slit eyes. The desire she saw in the young woman masked her own and Karen reached out and with her right hand and gently cupped Linda's left breast. Linda moaned and closed her eyes. Karen's touch started out rigid and scientific, learning the weight and feel of the breasts before moving her other hand to the free tit and exploring them both with longing.

Much larger than her own, but just as firm, Karen ran her hands over the other woman's tits. She played with the flesh, sinking her finger into them and rolling the large nipples in her fingers. Linda moaned and purred, whimpering quiet pleas until Karen finally bent down and sucked one of her nipples into her mouth. She rolled her tongue around it as she sucked on it hard, even nipping on it with her teeth. She went back and forth from one nipple to the other paying them equal attention.

"Yessss," Linda moaned as she felt her juices flowing in her cunt. "Fuck yes. Please, eat me. I need you to eat me."

Karen looked up in shock, almost forgetting that there was a woman attacked to the tits. She blushed when she saw Linda's eyes burning, her naked top flushed with excitement. With shaking hands, Karen reached around and undid the bottom bow of the shirt, and unzipped the back of Linda's skirt. The shirt fell unnoticed to the floor. Hooking her thumbs into the waist of the skirt, Karen pushed down. Linda wiggled her hips as the skirt fell to the floor with her top and Karen gasped.

The young woman's eyes were locked on the bald cunt in front of her, oblivious to the audible gasp that came from behind her. She trimmed her own pussy, but never even considered shaving it. Staring at the naked, glistening lips of the swollen cunt, it looked so wanton and beautiful. Taking a deep breath, she reached out with her hand and stroked her fingers along the slippery slit from the cunthole all the way to the clit. When her finger touched Linda's clit and lingered on the hard bud, gently rolling it with the fingertip, Linda bit her lip before letting out a scream.

"Yesss," she screamed, her cries echoing in the bathroom. "Fuck, yesss." Her body quivered as she came from the woman's touch. Linda's body flushed even deeper as sweat began to form on her skin.

Karen slowly fell to her knees. She looked on in awe as Linda's body continued to twitch, begging for Karen's full attention. Karen could smell the heat of Linda's cunt, the musky feminine odor that she knew from her own body so well. It seemed so fresh and foreign coming from another woman, another cunt that was now bare, exposed and only inches from her face. Karen slid her fingers back along Linda's slit, this time easing her index finger in the sopping hole up to the second knuckle. Linda moaned again as Karen swirled her finger around before pulling it out. She looked at the wetness glistening on her finger and brought it slowly to her nose. Taking another deep breath, she slid her wet finger into her mouth and sucked the juices clean. The taste was like her own, but unique in it's own way. It was almost sweet and Karen decided she wanted more.

The young woman looked up into Linda's lust filled face and ran her hands along the bound woman's smooth legs. Linda struggled at the handcuffs, wanting to free so she could explore the woman back, but this was Karen's treat, not hers. Linda knew she would get what she wanted later. Karen's hands moved up and cupped Linda's ass, kneading the firm cheeks much the same way she would when she sucked off her boyfriend, and moved her face in closer. Her tongue snaked out and lapped at the soaked lips of the dripping pussy. It was a quick lick, just enough for another taste. Linda jumped and moaned, trying to thrust her hips into the girl's face, but it was unnecessary. Karen knew what she wanted to do, and pulling back on Linda's ass, moved her mouth onto Linda's cunt.

Both women moaned in unison as Karen thrust her tongue into Linda's cunt. It was an exploration for Karen, a no commitment, no fear taste into bisexuality, and she sucked and licked and tasted with sudden longing. Her tongue swirled inside the wet hole, lapping and sucking up the constantly flowing juices. She licked along her slit, and twirled Linda's hard clit. The sounds of Karen's sucking and licking mingled and echoed with Linda's moans and whimpers and the girl ate her first cunt.

Linda tried to hold back as long as she could, but it was useless. The girl might have been a lesbian virgin, but with a tongue and mouth like hers, she must suck cock well. The enthusiasm countered any fumbling and Linda felt her legs start to buckle. Throwing her head into the air, she screamed in incoherent babbles as a full force orgasm rocked through her.

Karen felt her body tense, just like a man's, before it shook just as violently. She was shocked by the amount of cum juice that flowed from Linda's cunt, but locking her mouth around the hole and holding on tighter to her ass, Karen sucked harder, drinking the delicious fluid as Linda rocked and screamed above her. 

Linda was still twitching when she felt Karen's lips on her mouth. She eagerly started kissing back, tasting and licking her own juices off of the girl's face a mouth. Karen finally broke the kiss and stepped back in a daze as Paul approached and started to unlock her. Karen looked at him, then turned to see Bill slowly approach, rubbing his hard cock through his pants.

"Get dressed," Paul ordered. Linda smiled and did as ordered when she was freed. But she moved slowly, all the while watching as Bill moved closer and closer to the girl. By the time She had tied the last bow around her waist, Karen was on her knees, fumbling with Bill's zipper, while Bill was trying to unbutton the girl's top.

Paul smiled to his pet and gestured to the door. Only reluctantly, but happily, did Linda obey. They both stopped at the door, and got a peak of Karen's tits as Bill finally got the shirt open and the bra pulled up. He was squeezing them roughly as Karen was stuffing his cock into her mouth.

"Take your time," Paul said idly. "We're in no hurry for dinner."