 Authors Note - Hello and once again thankyou for reading. I'll openly admit to all of you that when I started writing this I wasn't really sure where I was going with it, and to be honest I'm still not. I just wanted to write a story based on a polyamorous household seeing as I'm in a polyamorous relationship myself and think there needs to be more awareness and knowledge about it. Once again, even though I have put this in the lesbian sex category there is a man present (I have put it in this category due to the fact that I feel that Annabelle is/will be closer to Rebecca than Jacob)

*****

Chapter Three - Two Dom/me's are better than one

I followed Rebecca downstairs, still feeling very light-headed. I couldn't help but wish that one of them, either Rebecca or Jacob, would choose to give me release. I currently felt like the entire time I had been here had been spent with me in a heightened state of arousal. I wasn't sure how long I could take it.

I followed Rebecca into the study, where she sat down at the desk and retrieved some papers from a drawer. I just stood there, unsure what she wanted me there for if she had work she needed to do.

"Don't just stand there looking out of place. Sit down." She said, motioning to the green leather sofa in the middle of the room.

I sat down, not wanting to displease both Jacob and Rebecca in one day.

Rebecca continued to collect up a stack of papers and then walked over and placed it on the small wooden coffee table that was in front of me.

"If you wouldn't mind sorting through these for me. One pile for things that we've purchased, horse feed, hay or bedding. Basically anything that we've bought for the farm. Anything we've bought for the house just put into a separate pile. I don't need those at the moment. In a second pile if you could put any invoices for jobs either myself or Jacob have done. It's normally for training other peoples horses but I think there's a few other things in there too. Basically any money we've had coming in. Makes sense?" She asked and I nodded in response. Seemed simple enough, if only slightly boring. 

"I understand. Although, if I may ask, why do you need these sorting?" I asked, hoping I wasn't prying too much.

Rebecca didn't seem to mind however, "I'm scanning everything onto the computer. Jacob has a nasty habit of misplacing important documents that we need. I figured this way we'll also have digital copies that he can't misplace." She answered, laughing slightly. I smiled in response. "Right. Get to work. Let me know when you're done."

For the next few hours I sorted through paperwork while Rebecca scanned them into the computer. I could tell that Rebecca found this work as boring as I did, she kept sighing and fidgeting in her chair, but we both understood that it was necessary. 

After I finished sorting through the paperwork I handed them to Rebecca. She smiled her thanks, placing them on the desk before turning around to face me. 

She reached forwards grabbing my hands and pulling me towards her until I was stood right in front of her. She reached around so her hands were on the bottom of my back, pushing my hips into hers. She lent down, giving me a quick kiss. Even that small bit of contact sent my arousal spiking due to the sheer amount of teasing that both Rebecca and Jacob had put me through since I got here. 

My arousal must have been obvious because Rebecca laughed before saying softly, "I love seeing you like this. I'll have to make sure to tease you more in the future." My horror at this idea must have been clear because she laughed again before leaning to whisper in my ear, "I own you. Whether you like it or not I can do what I like to you." She bit my earlobe and I couldn't help but moan slightly. She kissed me once more on the lips before pushing me away from her, giving my behind a playful swat as she did. "Go on, I still have some work to do and you're just distracting me now. You can have the rest of the day to yourself." With that she turned around and sat back down at the desk.

I stood there for a moment, one thing circling within my head. I distracted her? I turned around and left the room smiling. The fact that she found me distracting made me feel quite happy.

I checked the time and saw that it was around the time that dinner was usually being prepared. I made my way to the kitchen to see Jacob chopping an onion, his eyes watering. 

"Do you want me to do that for you?" I asked, smiling at the tears running down his cheeks.

He shook his head, "No, I've got this. You can start chopping the mushrooms though."

I walked over, feeling a bit more confident than I normally would due to my good mood, and nudged Jacob out of the way gently.

"I'm immune to onion tears. I can save you the hassle." I smiled at him, taking the knife from his hand.

He looked at me for a moment and I started to worry that maybe I was in trouble again for pushing him out of the way.

"You're immune to onion tears?" He asked, looking confused. He grabbed another knife from the block and started chopping the mushrooms that were already out.

I nodded, feeling relieved that I wasn't in trouble. "Yup. I always have been. The worst I've ever had was when I used to buy organic food. Even then all that happened was my eyes stung slightly. Still no tears."

"I'll have to have you chop onions for me more often. I get onion tears quite bad."

"I noticed."

I helped Jacob prepare dinner, which was actually rather fun. I loved this side of him. He was messing around, making jokes and just generally making me laugh. At one point he held up some uncooked spaghetti to his chin and did a very good impression of Gandalf from Lord of The Rings. Another time I fetched the fresh garlic to start chopping and he put on his best Count Dracula voice, hissing and backing away from the garlic.

Eating dinner was a similar affair. Everyone was laughing, joking and generally having a good time. It made me feel very happy. Like I really did belong here.

After we'd finished eating Dani cleaned up the kitchen and I went to go upstairs. Before I did I spotted Rebecca and Emily in the living room. Rebecca had Emily pinned up against the wall, their lips locked together, Rebecca's hands exploring Emily's body. The sight made me jealous. Not because I didn't want anything like this to happen between Rebecca and Emily but because right now I would give anything to be in Emily's place. All of the teasing had left me on edge. I sighed, resigning myself to a night filled with frustration. 

Emily must have heard me because she opened her eyes and looked right at me. I blushed slightly looking at the floor feeling embarrassed. When I looked up I saw that now Rebecca was looking at me also. She smiled at me and then winked before turning back to Emily. I quickly walked up the stairs to my bedroom.

Laying down on my bed I buried my face in my pillow and groaned. I wasn't sure how much of this I could take. I didn't want to get into trouble again but I was worried that if this carried on I wouldn't be able to control myself. 

I stood up from my bed and made my way into the bathroom. Maybe a cold shower would help.

As unpleasant as it was I stayed in the shower as long as I could stand it, trying to get my arousal to subside. Afterwards I laid on my bed and found something to watch on TV.

After about an hour I heard a noise. I paused the show I was watching to hear better. 

To begin with I couldn't make much sense of what I was hearing, then it all made sense. I could hear the slapping of someone being hit with something, and them moaning in response. Considering what I saw earlier between Rebecca and Emily I was sure the person moaning was Emily. There was a loud smack and I heard Rebecca say, "You like that you dirty slut?" There was a muffled response from Emily.

Without even realising my hand went down between my legs and slowly started to rub. I knew I should stop, that I would get into big trouble for this, but I couldn't control myself. Now that I'd started I just couldn't remove my hand.

My fingers were now sliding incredibly easily due to the sheer amount of juices I was producing. I swear I could feel it sliding down between my butt-cheeks to be caught by the bedsheets below. The spikes of pleasure that were shooting through my body felt heavenly.

The sounds that were drifting down the hall increased in intensity and therefore so did the motions I was making with my hand. Without even realizing I was now moaning along with Emily. It was like we were playing a horny version of Marco-Polo. She'd moan, all throaty and husky then I'd moan in response.

I could tell that Emily was getting close to an orgasm because she started screaming, "Yes! Yes! Oh god yes! Please!" I felt my own orgasm building up also, the familiar warm fuzzy feeling deep in my belly was beginning to take over and I knew it wouldn't be long.

As I heard Emily asking permission to orgasm my bedroom door flew open and there stood Rebecca. I whipped my hand away from my crotch and sat up, heat rising to my cheeks. I tried to speak but I knew nothing I could say could make up for what I'd done. I'd broken the rules. 

"Stand up." Rebecca practically barked the command at me. I could tell she wasn't just angry. She was furious. I must have taken too long to respond because she shouted, "Now Annabelle! Do not make me ask again!"

I jumped to my feet as quickly as I could, my hands covering my breasts and my crotch, staring at the floor. I heard her footsteps approach me before I felt her slap my hands away from my body. I yelped in surprise and looked up in time for Rebecca to slam me against the wall. She used one arm to pin me against the wall and held my face rather roughly with the other.

"You belong to me." She growled in my face. As much as I was ashamed and embarrassed, her pushing me against the wall and now her growling her words at me only seemed to heighten my arousal. 

"This," She pinched my left nipple sharply making me yelp in pain, "is mine." She stopped pinching, slapping my breast as she did so. Then she reached down and quickly dipped two fingers inside me, "And so is this." Removing her fingers she slapped my pussy. "So when I say there's no masturbation I expect my orders to be followed. What do you have to say for yourself?"

"I'm sorry..." I mumbled, heat rising to my cheeks once again.

I felt another stinging slap to my breasts, "You're sorry!? That's not good enough. Explain yourself!"

"I...Erm..Well..." I spluttered, not sure what to say. Her tone and her anger was making me very nervous.

Rebecca applied more pressure with her arm, winding me slightly. "The longer you drag this out the worse it's going to be for you." She reduced the pressure so I could speak.

"You and Jacob have been teasing me since I got here. When I heard..." I made a motion towards the room where I'd heard Emily moaning, feeling too embarrassed to put it into words.

"You got jealous and decided to masturbate to spite us? That's really low Annabelle." Rebecca said this looking almost like she might cry. I didn't realise she could be this insecure.

"No! No!" I responded quickly, my eyes widening in shock. "I didn't do it to spite you. I'd never do that." I felt very hurt that she'd even think I'd be that petty. "It's just when I heard... That... I just couldn't stop myself. It was too much.." I finished blushing, looking down once again.

I heard her take a deep breath. When she responded she sounded a lot calmer but still quite angry. "This doesn't excuse what you did. You broke the rules. You'll be punished. "

I nodded, "I understand."

Rebecca released me and stood back. "Wait here. Do not touch yourself. If you do it will only make things much worse for you." She walked out leaving me standing there alone. 

I slid down the wall until I was sat down and put my head in my hands. I'd done it again. I'd messed up and now I was sure that Rebecca was speaking to Jacob and coming up with some form of horrible punishment. The idea terrified me but also aroused me. The mix of emotions made me feel very confused. 

I heard footsteps approaching and stood up as quickly as I could. I didn't want to give Rebecca any more reason to punish me. So I was incredibly surprised when it was Jacob who came into the room instead of Rebecca. My hands instinctively went up to cover my breasts and crotch while my eyes went down to the floor. I once again felt ashamed that Jacob was seeing me naked under these circumstances. 

"Put your arms down." Jacob didn't shout, he didn't snap but his voice still had all of the authority that Rebecca's had. His voice was hard. I put my arms down by my side, still not looking up at him.

Jacob walked over to me. "Turn around." 

I did what he said, feeling confused. When he walked up behind me, putting his hands on my shoulders and leaning down and kissing my neck it completely surprised me.

Still, I leaned into him, enjoying what he was doing. His kisses turned into little nibbles while his hands travelled down to rest on my breasts, massaging softly. I moaned. What he was doing felt so good. He was making me feel light-headed and dizzy. I threw my head back, leaning into him further, my breath coming in short gasps around the moans that I couldn't seem to control. 

His hands moved once again, this time wrapping around my wrists, pulling them behind my back. He stopped kissing me and taking both my wrists in one hand I heard a tinkling noise before I felt the cold metal of what had to be handcuffs snapping around my wrists. 

"You're coming with me." He whispered into my ear, before he started walking out of the door, keeping a hand on the handcuffs, pushing me so I was walking in front of him. Together like this, we marched to Jacob and Rebecca's bedroom.

Opening the door I was stunned for a second. The first thing I noticed were the candles. The lights were off but it wasn't dark, there were enough candles to light up the room while also giving it a warm atmosphere. Next thing I noticed was the bed. The duvet was missing, and there were ropes tied to the top and bottom of the bed. 

Then I saw Rebecca and I stopped moving so suddenly that it must have looked like I'd walked into an invisible wall. Her hair was loose, tumbling around her shoulders in lazy waves and her gaze was piercing. What drew me the most was what she was wearing. Leather trousers that were so tight it looked like they were painted on, knee high black stiletto boots with several straps and buckles that added to the intimated feel she was giving off. The only thing she was wearing on her top half was a black bra that looked like it may be a size too small as her breasts were bulging out of it slightly. 

Jacob gave me a sharp push into the room and I stumbled slightly, that push brought me out of my shock at seeing Rebecca like this. I stepped forward and tried my best to stand up straight around my embarrassment at the situation. 

Rebecca walked forward slowly, giving me chance to look over her thoroughly. The swaying of her hips was almost hypnotic and her expression made me feel both nervous and aroused. I had seen her be dominant before. Mainly with Dani and Emily but also with me a little since I got here. Now it felt like I was truly seeing the Dominant that was Rebecca. She was simply beautiful.

Standing in front of me Rebecca leaned forward, taking one of my nipples between her fingers and pinching sharply. I instinctively went to pull away but Jacob put his hands on my shoulders, firmly holding me in place.

"Since you wanted to cum so badly you should enjoy this." Rebecca growled in my ear before turning around and sitting on the sofa. 

Jacob led me over to the bed and removing my handcuffs ordered me to lay down. I complied quickly, not wanting to get in further trouble. He then attached the restraints to my wrists and ankles, leaving me very little wiggle room. He made sure there were pillows beneath my head so I could still see the sofa where Rebecca was sat watching intently.

Once he was sure I was I was secure he went over and sat next to Rebecca. She then straddled him and they started to kiss very passionately. I felt confused. Wasn't I supposed to be being punished? Yet there they were, acting like I wasn't here. Strapped to the bed as I was I couldn't do anything other than watch.

Holding his head in her hands, Rebecca deepened the kiss, starting to grind her hips against his. Jacobs hands were against her bottom tightly urging her on. My arousal started to climb once again and then I understood.

I was being punished, just not in the way I expected. I had expected some variation of my earlier spanking. This punishment was, in my opinion, much worse. My punishment was simply to watch them while not being able to do anything about my own arousal. Only they could decide if or when I would orgasm. 

I must have groaned at this realisation because Rebecca raised her head and turned to look at me.

"I assume by that noise you understand what your punishment is?" She asked with a devilish grin.

I nodded in response but she didn't take kindly to this. "Words Annabelle. We shouldn't have to keep reminding you." She snapped.

I flinched slightly at her tone but answered with a quick, "Yes Mistress. I understand what my punishment is." 

As soon as I had finished my response she went back to kissing Jacob. I could see that their kiss had deepened, his tongue meeting hers and I looked on with jealousy. How much I wished one of them, either of them, would come and kiss me, touch me, anything to relieve my current state of arousal.

Rebecca then reached down and removed Jacobs shirt, tossing it to the floor before latching her lips on his once again. I started to hear Rebecca moan and I couldn't stop myself from groaning again. This time, they both acted like I wasn't even there. I wiggled as much as my restraints would allow, an ache in my groin quickly growing. 

After several minutes of this torture Rebecca stood up. For a moment I was hopeful that she was going to come over to me and give me the release I was craving with every fibre of my being but she didn't even look at me. She stood in front of Jacob and began to take her trousers off. She did it slowly, swaying her hips. It soon became clear that she wasn't wearing any underwear. I pulled at my bonds, desperate to be free, to be in front of her, tasting her, bringing her pleasure.

As she removed her trousers Jacob was rubbing a now rather large bulge in his jeans. As she stepped out of her leather trousers he unzipped his jeans and pulled himself out, ready and waiting for her.

He didn't have to wait long. She strode up to him and straddling him once again he entered her. She threw her head back and moaned. My voice joined hers. Her moan was full of pleasure whereas mine was full of frustration. I could no longer lie still. I was wiggling constantly while pulling at my restraints. I needed some form of stimulation, anything at all.

Rebecca rode Jacob, slowly at first but soon gaining speed. His moans started to join ours creating a somewhat twisted symphony of pleasure and frustration. 

As much as I wanted to I couldn't look away. The sight of them was mesmerizing. 

Jacobs muscular chest rippled as he moved, his hands exploring every inch of Rebecca's skin. He flung her bra off of her, and took one of her erect nipples into his mouth as his hands went down to her behind, grasping tightly. Rebecca's soft body was twitching in time with her thrusts. Her head tilted back, her eyes slightly glassy. I could see the point where their bodies joined. I could see Jacob thrusting in and out of her, slick with her juices. 

That sight was enough to break my silence. 
