 It's been a while, but finally some characters came knocking on my door wanting to get their lives back. Since they are two of my favorites, I decided to oblige them.

This is a sequel to "Welcome to My World," and some of it will make more sense if you read that story first—but it should work ok as a stand-alone in a pinch. No tears this time, but like its predecessor it's an honest attempt to get at some feelings that creep out every so often.

Enjoy. 

Kate

=================

"Oh God. Fuck me harder you son of a bitch! Fuck me harder!"

Danielle froze, her hand on the doorknob. That was Mackenzie's voice she heard wailing from their apartment. Then there was silence, except for soft groans and the regular, banging sound that could only be one thing. 

Then, nauseatingly, she heard IT, the grunting, rutting thing that was violating her dearest friend. It had an animalistic, guttural growl as it assaulted beautiful, sweet Mackenzie. The banging increased in intensity and It growled as it banged away, brutalizing the young woman. Finally, with a groan and a gasp, Mackenzie surrendered.

"Oh—My—God. Right there. Yes—Harder—Fuck—Do it." Then there was a longer pause, and when Mackenzie next spoke, her voice had the same harsh, growling quality of It. She had been pummeled into total submission.

"Oh, Jesus Christ. You're going to fucking make me come. Yes. Yes. Don't stop. Make me come, baby, do me. Ohhh, fucking God... Ahhhhhh," Mackenzie cried out as she achieved her release. The animal howled and grunted its satisfaction seconds afterward. It sounded like a wolf baying at the moon at the conclusion of a successful hunt.

Danielle's legs felt weak, and she sat down in the hallway, dazed. It wasn't as though she didn't know that Mackenzie liked guys—or had sex. On the contrary, Mac had a reputation for getting around, and the two friends never hid anything from each other. But this—like this? Like an animal being raped?

As Danielle sat there, trying to process what she had heard, tears welled in her eyes. She felt foolish. She didn't even know why she was crying—or why she was disgusted. She realized that she didn't understand herself or her friend very well at all...

Suddenly the door opened, and she saw Pete from the men's hockey team.

"That was awesome, Mac, really an awesome date. Let's do it again," he said giving her a hug in his awkward boy way.

"Anytime, handsome," giggled Mackenzie, giving him a kiss on the cheek. Pete closed the door, and headed down the hall, almost tripping over Danielle.

"Shit! I'm so sorry, Danielle—I didn't see you," he apologized.

"That's ok. I was just hanging out. It probably wasn't a great idea to sit in the hallway," Danielle said softly. "Have a good night," she said as he waved and headed off.

Pete had always seemed like a really nice guy and he had always been good to her. A lot of the men's players gave the women a hard time. They especially tormented the freshmen women players, but Pete had always been cool with her and included her in everything. 

That made it especially hard to fathom how he could violate someone the way he... How he could do—what he did to Mackenzie. Was he such a lust-filled animal that he couldn't see how sweet and beautiful she was?

She was jolted back to reality as the door opened again and Mackenzie's blonde head peeked out. "Um. I saw you sitting out here when Pete left. Were you going to spend the whole night in the hallway?" she asked quietly. Then she added, "There's a perfectly good bedroom in here, you know."

Wordlessly, Danielle grabbed her backpack and sullenly headed into the apartment. She went straight to her room, dumped her books on a chair and slammed the door. She heard the shower start as Mac performed her usual post-sex ablution.

Since the beginning of the year, Danielle had been surprised and horrified to find out that her best friend slept with almost every guy she met. She had quite a reputation among the men's hockey team, and at one time or another about every player had found his way to their apartment and to Mac's bedroom.

Danielle couldn't understand her friend. Of course, Dannie had a crush on her that wasn't reciprocated—but it wasn't just that Mac liked men. Why didn't she just get a boyfriend—God knows, she had her choice of them. Why sleep with every random guy she met? It was frustrating and hurtful to Dannie that this woman who she cared about—this women she loved—could be so casual about sharing her beautiful body and soul with every skanky guy she ran across.

Several minutes later, the shower stopped and soft footsteps padded through the apartment. After a time, there was a soft knock on Dannie's door. She buried her head under the pillow and ignored it. The knock was repeated. Finally, the door opened a crack and Mackenzie spoke. She sounded upset.

"Dannie? I'd like to talk to you, ok?" Mackenzie asked softly, then closed the door. Hearing the sadness in her friend's voice softened Dannie's heart and she felt ashamed of how she was behaving. She got up and opened her bedroom door. The apartment was dark and silent. 

She paused, listening, then saw the light coming from under Mac's closed door. Crossing the hall, she knocked softly. The response was immediate.

"Come on in," Mac invited. Danielle opened the door and entered. 

Mac was in her robe, sitting on her bed with downcast eyes. Without looking up, Mac said, "What the hell..." Then she saw Danielle's red eyes and tear-streaked face, and stopped in mid-sentence. There was a long silence between the two friends.

Mac altered her question to "Oh. So it's like that. How long were you in the hallway?" 

"Long enough," answered Danielle glumly. "You guys were really going at it."

Mackenzie harrumphed. "Yeah. We were. He's a great guy and wow—he knows all about what to do with a girl. That part was really good. But, Dannie..." Mac paused, blinking away a few tears of her own. "Anyway, Dannie, I want to apologize. I'm really sorry. We—I—didn't think you'd be home for hours. You said you were going to be gone, so I thought maybe YOU had a date or something. Anyway, I'm sorry you had to sit out there in the hallway like that. I mean, while we..."

"How could you think I had a date, Mac?" Danielle asked bitterly. "You know there's only one fucking girl on this entire campus I want to date, and she's, um, otherwise inclined unfortunately." A look of pain crossed Mackenzie's face.

Now it was Danielle's turn to read her friend's expression. "Oh goddam fucking hell," she grumped, plopping down next to Mackenzie. "I'm so in love with you that I don't know what to do—and it's not your fault that you're straight. I'm just acting like a jealous ass instead of a friend." She stopped and looked a Mackenzie, who had brightened up and was now smiling. 

"Don't laugh at me," Dannie scolded.

"I'm not laughing at you. It's the 'it's not your fault that you're straight' thing. Usually that's not considered a serious flaw," Mac quipped.

"Oh fuck you anyway," Dannie said, now smiling herself. "It IS a flaw. Anyway, I'm trying to just be your friend, Mac, I really am—but I have these other feelings for you, and—fuck—when I heard you and Pete, I just... I don't know. I just got really upset—sad—then angry. Then... Then—er, I don't know—I don't know how I feel—I mean, I know you have to have your own life—but, well—I don't know any fucking thing any more. I just..." she abruptly broke off as she felt herself becoming upset again.

Instinctively, Mackenzie reached out and hugged her, holding her close. Danielle lay in her arms for a few moments, then wrapped her arms around Mac and returned the hug. They raised their heads and looked into each other's eyes. Mackenzie smiled, and then Danielle smiled too.

"You're a fucking mess," Mackenzie scolded with mock sternness.

"I am. I need a psychiatrist," Danielle replied.

"No, you nitwit. I mean your face is a mess," Mac giggled, wiping away the tears. "You're never going to get any love if you go around with a messy face."

"I'm never going to get any love anyway," Dannie said, softly, "so there. It doesn't matter. Besides you get enough love for both of us." For some reason, that seemed funny to Mackenzie and she sniggered. "Hey, don't make fun of my emotional turmoil," Dannie complained in a pouty voice, "I'm vulnerable."

"Oh Jesus Christ. You're supposed to be a fucking dyke hockey player. Can't you get your role stereotypes straight?" Mac asked and burst out laughing. For some reason that struck Danielle as hysterically funny and she began laughing too. They rolled around on the bed, hugging and laughing like schoolgirls. Finally they stopped and looked in each other's eyes again. "I think we really are friends, you know," Mac said softly.

"For life. For our entire fucking lives," Dannie agreed. Her eyes softened and she began to speak, then held back. Mac smiled again.

"Yes. Yes you can. I think I owe you one." Mac said softly.

"How did you know what I was going to ask?" Danielle queried.

"Because you always ask if you can kiss me at times like this. I'm getting used to it."

"Ok. But you owe me two, not one."

"Fuck. Fine. Two then. Just remember that a male was kissing this same mouth about an hour ago. You might get boy cooties," Mac teased.

"I'll take my chances. Besides, you brushed your teeth. That gets rid of boy cooties," Danielle said, as their mouths met. The first kiss was long, lingering and soft. The second was longer, more lingering and much, much more intense. A third and fourth followed. 

When they came up for air Danielle saw that Mac's brow was furrowed. "What's wrong?" she asked, "you look bothered."

Mac wrinkled her nose. "No. I'm just trying to figure out about our kisses. They seem to be getting longer."

"That's not a problem for me," Dannie said. "Are they too long for you?"

"I'm not sure," Mac replied.

"Well, you probably need more research then," Danielle said. They kissed deeply and for a long time—until they both worried that it was too long. When they parted, Danielle's face was flushed. 

Mackenzie's robe had slipped open and her body was visible to her friend. Dannie gazed down at her body, admiring its beauty. Mac didn't try to hide herself, and in that moment Dannie realized that Mac never hid anything from her-the good, the bad and the ugly were all there for her to see. 

The two women lay together just looking into each other's eyes. Neither of them spoke, not wanting to break the spell that had enveloped them. Finally, Danielle got up.

"Where are you going?" Mac asked.

"To my room—I'm going to explode if I stay here with you," Dannie said in a husky voice. 

"Going to explode?" Mac asked questioningly.

"Yeah. Explode." Dannie said dryly. "Some of us haven't been as, um, active as others this evening. I need to, shall we say, take care of a problem."

"Oh. Wow—I see." Mac said, smiling and rising. Then she added coyly, "Think of me." Her robe fell completely open, but Danielle was already out the door.

"Who the fuck else?" Dannie said, closing the door behind herself. "Who the fuck else?"

A few minutes later Mackenize heard her friend's bed begin to creak. She listened for a minute, then pulled off her robe and began masturbating too. They climaxed at almost the same time.

================================================

By spring break, the girls were delighted to have survived almost an entire year of school. After the academic stresses, an intense hockey season and their yo-yo relationship they were both ready for some R and R.

Coach Ellen had moved in with Danielle's mom, Janice, and they were now accepted as a couple. They invited the girls to stay with them during the break, and both Dannie and Mac were excited to spend time with the older women. Danielle lobbied for them to stay in the same room, but after a lot of conversation, the girls opted for separate rooms. That led to some conversations between Ellen and Janice, too, but in the end everyone thought it felt right.

Ellen and Janice also had some long conversations about Danielle. Even though she had enjoyed exploring her sexuality with her daughter, Janice was committed to Ellen and she was encouraging Danielle to date girls at school. She knew that Danielle needed to meet other women to get her past her romantic feelings for Mackenzie. 

Dannie and Mac's relationship was complex, to say the least. Their friendship was deep and abiding—but the underlying tension was palpable at times. Ellen and Janice decided, though, that their best role was to welcome them, support them—and to let them figure things out for themselves.

To help the situation, Ellen suggested that while Danielle was home they could visit some places to meet gay women and, hopefully, to broaden Danielle's horizons a bit.

For the first couple of days, Mackenzie just hung out at the house when they went on their forays. She was happy to have the time to herself, and certainly didn't expect them to entertain her 100% of the time. But on the third day, when they were talking about going to another bar, Mac decided she had had enough time alone in the house, so she decided to go along. That was fine with everyone—especially Danielle—so later that evening the four of them entered The Rubiyat.

As soon as they entered, they could see it was a very cool place. The décor was campy Middle Eastern, riffing on Rick's café in "Casablanca." They almost expected to hear Sam playing "As Time Goes By" with Bogart himself standing by the bar.

But of course, Sam and Bogey were men and that was one thing the "Rube" did not have. From the dance floor to the bartenders to the customers there were women—and only women—of all shapes, sizes, ages and types.

Ellen coached them along toward a table. "The bar here is a real meat market, but the tables are usually pretty quiet," she told them. "Besides, we don't look like we're out cruising or anything—we should be pretty well left alone." Janice gave her a questioning look and Ellen quipped, "What do you think I did before I met you? Live in a convent? I know every lesbian hangout within 100 miles." They all laughed, sat, and took in the scene. 

Ellen, Janice and Danielle were pretty well used to the variety of "looks" supplied by the patrons, but this was all new to Mackenzie. She tried not to stare at the wild clothing, chains and piercings that some of the women flaunted. She also did several double-takes, marveling at how much like guys some of the women could look. It didn't take long for her to understand that her friends were pretty sedate by comparison. 

Ellen had worn her favorite jeans and Wildfang shirt. Neither Janice nor Danielle owned any tomboy-label clothing, so they had just worn some nice casual clothes. Mac, thinking to maintain a low profile had on her "Give Blood Play Hockey" t-shirt, jeans and Keds. Her inadvertent tomboy style quickly had her on the receiving end of some lingering looks, especially from some older dykes. Danielle noticed and felt a little pang of jealously, but then realized that Mac could care less about the other women.

Finally Mac asked, "Can a girl get a beer here? Where is the waiter?" After looking around a bit more it became clear that the bar was the only place to get drinks that evening.

"No waiters tonight. Looks like we'll have to go to the bar to get drinks. I'll do that," Ellen observed.

"I'll help you carry them. I don't want my beer spilled," Mac giggled, following her. Ellen shrugged.

"Just stay near me, ok?" she said and headed toward the bar.

The bar was jammed. Although a few folks were there to get drinks, the main activity was women trying to either pick up or get picked up by other women. As a female athlete, Mac was no stranger to gay women, and she had seen a fair amount of the world. Even so, she was still amazed at some of the get-ups, hairstyles and piercings. She stood, entranced, as she took in the scene around her. She didn't notice that, as Ellen wedged her way forward and tried to get the attention of the bartender, they were becoming separated.

Suddenly, she felt a hand grasp her shoulder and gently but firmly turn her around. Thinking it was Danielle playing a prank, she turned. But it wasn't Dannie. She found herself face-to-face with what seemed to be the only guy in the place. But—wait...

"Hey. I'm Dee. What's your name?" Mac heard a low, but definitely female voice say. She looked more closely. Dee wore baggy jeans and sneakers, t-shirt and leather vest, accessorized with several chains. She had a pierced nose and lip, and her hair was so short that she was almost bald. But it was her eyes. Jet-black and intense, and they seemed to bore right through everything. Mac found herself captured by them, strangely drawn in to the man-woman standing before her.

"Um. I'm Mackenzie," she answered awkwardly.

"Well, Mackenzie, it's good to meet you." Still holding her shoulder, Dee looked her up and down slowly, obviously checking out every inch of her. Mac was mesmerized by Dee's intensity and stood motionless, except for quivering slightly. She felt herself being drawn into a place she had never been. It seemed very dark.

Dee moved her hand to Mac's cheek, softly caressing her as the coal-black eyes held her transfixed. Mac saw the eyes dart from her eyes to her mouth and back. She had danced this dance with Dannie enough to know all the steps—she was about to be kissed. Oddly, she felt herself yearning for it—but not here...not like this. She was overwhelmed and confused, but knew that she had no chance of resisting what was about to...

"Hi there! Hey, excuse me, but she's with me," Mac heard Ellen's voice rising over the din. Ellen's strong arm encircled her shoulders and gently drew her away from Dee's caress. 

"My God, I leave you alone for two minutes and you go getting into trouble," Ellen playfully scolded her. "I need some help with these beers, ok?" Mac blushed crimson and nodded sheepishly.

Dee made a wry face. "Sorry, hun. She didn't look attached," she told Ellen. "I didn't mean to intrude."

"No worries," Ellen assured her. "She's a real handful."

"I can see," came the reply. "But I bet she's totally worth it. Have fun." And with a wink, Dee vanished into the crowd.

As they grabbed the beers and headed back to the table, Mac said to Ellen, "Thanks. I'm still not quite sure what happened back there."

"You were in the process of being seduced," Ellen answered lightly. "Sorry to intrude, but I needed help with the beer." They both snickered at that.

When the arrived back at the table Danielle and her mom were laughing and holding hands. "Where have you guys been?" Janice asked.

"Getting into trouble," Ellen replied with a laugh. Mackenzie blushed again and took a long slug of her beer. Dannie looked at her quizzically.

"I'll tell you later. It was weird," Mac whispered.

They spent a couple of hours drinking beer and chatting, just taking in the scene and people—well, let's be honest—dyke watching. Finally, slightly buzzed and having had their fill of the vibe they headed back home. On the way to the car, Janice took Ellen's hand, kissed her on the cheek and said, "I am so lucky you found me." Ellen looked at her and she continued, "There were so many awkward types in there—I'm so lucky to be with a good woman." Dannie and Mac exchanged a glance, not sure what any of this meant, but knowing that Janice was speaking the truth about Ellen.

When they got home, everyone had the munchies, so after changing into their bedtime clothes, Janice took Dannie into the kitchen to make some snacks leaving Ellen and Mac alone in the family room.

"So—how are you feeling about what happened earlier?" Ellen asked. "Still feeling weird?"
