 Days passed. Jane had been at the M.I.L.K. facility for a week now. She was now unrecognizable compared to how she looked after her arrival, Jane changed: her hips widened to the point of sticking out past her shoulders, she gained a bit of weight around her belly and butt, and her breasts swelled to a D cup. Still, her chest failed to measure up to the busts of the other women but she was well on her way there. Jane had a lot of time to measure up compared to Miranda's engorged breasts, or udders as Miranda called them; Jane had a lot to learn from Miranda still.

Jane had spent most of the week in her room, the only time she ever left was to shadow Miranda in order to get acclimated. Her schedule had been monotonous so far: she would wake up early in the morning with Miranda knocking at her door, they would have breakfast in what amounted to a cafeteria, Jane would ask Miranda questions as they wandered the facility, and then they would eat in the late afternoon. After lunch Jane would return to her room with little to do, but instead she asked Miranda about when she would be finally milked while the two ate.

"How long until I use that machine like you did?" She asked. Miranda laughed and squeezed one full udder, a faint stream ran down it.

"When you're fully developed, although I guess it wouldn't hurt to break you in early." Miranda sighed and seemed to lose her train of thought, she stared forward and absent-mindedly massaged her heavy breast.

"Could we?" Jane asked. She was eager to see if it would feel as good as Miranda made it appear.

Miranda flinched as she came out of her trance. "Sorry," she apologized. "I was just remembering how it felt, my first time I mean."

They finished eating and decided Jane would be milked as soon as Miranda could authorize it; Miranda told Jane that most hucows, what all the women who've undergone the change are called, are milked after two weeks of their arrival. The two parted ways at the cafeteria, both returning to their own suites. On the way Jane ran into Kristen, or at least someone who looked a bit like her: same hair, same pale skin, and same pair of glasses but her body was different; Kristen's already sizeable chest approached the same size of Miranda's udders and they hung from her chest, leaking milk from extended and swollen nipples.

"Kristen!?" Jane almost gasped as she stopped in her tracks, the two standing in the middle of one long walkway.

"Jane?" Kristen's voice almost trembled. She crossed the distance between them and embraced Jane in her arms, Kristen's udders pressed against her chest and Jane could already feel milk flowing down her stomach. She pulled away.

"Are you okay?" Jane asked; Kristen seemed to be on the verge of tears when they first came and now she looked almost worse, her eyes were ringed with red as if she had been crying.

"Not really," Kristen's voice wavered. She crossed her arms over her chest as if to try and cover herself.

"Did something happen to you?" Jane bit her lip. "Did someone do something to you?" Maybe M.I.L.K. was as bad as Kristen said earlier. 

Kristen looked down at the floor for a moment, lost in thought. She raised her eyes to meet Jane's. "It felt good," is all she said as her hand moved to squeeze her full udder, milk sprayed from her swollen breast with the same glassy stare in her eyes.

"There you are!" came a voice from behind Jane, she turned to see Miranda who waved her over. "We're good to go." Jane looked over to Kristen who began to walk past; Jane looked to see Kristen with her other hand between her legs, stroking her lips while thinking about being milked. Jane shuddered but followed Miranda to the same fate.

The door closed behind Jane and she was confronted with the machine, tall and shining. "That was my friend, she came the same time I did but was already milked. Is that normal?" She asked Miranda. Miranda pursed her lips and thought a moment.

"Your friend looked far along already, girls who are already naturally developed mature a little faster. She seemed to like it here already." Miranda beamed.

Jane replied, "Yeah, I guess." Miranda motioned to the table and Jane hesitated for a moment before laying down on her stomach, her breasts hanging over the edge. Her heart began to pound as she watched Miranda grab the suction cups. Her whole body shook as Miranda stuck a cup onto each of her breasts. 

"Is it gonna hurt?" Jane asked as Miranda stood by the switch, ready to turn the machine on. Miranda laughed and shook her head.

"No, no, no," she grinned and ran a hand through her long hair. "It's uncomfortable at first but you'll love it." With that Miranda flipped the switch and the small cell began to hum while the machine whirred to life. 

Jane felt a swelling pressure from within the suction cups, the milkers Miranda called them, as her breasts began to get sucked into the cups of the machine; her nipples were pulled by the inner plastic that seemed to suck the liquid right out from her breasts, or her udders...were they really udders? Jane shook her head, she didn't like the idea of calling parts of herself after a farm animal. A faint stream of white filled the two tubes that connected to the canisters of the machine, barely anything compared to Miranda's performance days ago.

It did feel uncomfortable as Jane's nipples were tugged at, her breasts sucked into the suction cups. She began to take quick shallow breaths with her eyes shut tight, it felt like her nipples were being painfully pinched; her hands gripped the edges of the table and her feet kicked in their stirrups. "Oh god," she groaned as she thrashed on her table.

Miranda rested her hand on Jane's back reassuringly. "There, there," she cooed "you'll be okay." Her fingers massaged Jane's back, digging into her skin as they traveled further and further down her body. Jane's eyes flashed open as Miranda began to knead a cheek of her ass, recently augmented from the strange medicine in the patches below Jane's collarbone. Her flesh jiggled as Miranda buried the tips of her fingers into Jane, biting her lip as she admired her ward's body.

"What are you doing?" Jane asked, looking over her shoulder. Miranda offered no reply save for moving her hand to her inner thighs, dangerously close to her sex. Jane shut her eyes tight, biting her lip in anticipation. The tugging continued but the uncomfortable pinching seemed to fade away as a budding warmth began in between her legs. Miranda began to stroke Jane's inner thigh, up and down over and over again. Jane squirmed at her touch as she began to feel increasingly hot, warmth now building in her chest as well. Each tug of the pumps at her nipples sent warm static down Jane's spine as discomfort turned into a building need.

Jane bit her lip but didn't protest. "Please," she finally broke down "do it." Miranda grinned and pressed her hand against Jane's lips. Miranda could already feel Jane's wetness against her palm, she could tell Jane was enjoying herself now. Miranda listened and pressed the tip of one finger against Jane's pussy and slid into her, Jane's back arched as Miranda went knuckle-deep inside her. The woman's finger slid out of her pussy coated in Jane's juices, and Miranda worked a second finger inside her. Both of Jane's hands went to the side of the table, her knuckles white from squeezing tightly.

The pumps seemed to increase in speed and pulled at Jane's nipples draining her udders of an increasing flow of milk. Miranda worked both fingers in and out of Jane's wet slit and forced the heel of her palm against her clit. "Holy shit," Jane squealed as her legs began to tremble. Her thrashing continued as Miranda worked in a third finger which caused Jane to go silent but still straining in the stirrups. Jane bit her lip as everything in her body tensed up and released, she finally came around Miranda's fingers. Jane was left panting, red, and covered in a fine layer of sweat when Miranda switched off the machine. She helped Jane off the table, careful to get Jane onto her feet on shaky legs. Miranda wrapped her arms around Jane and stroked her hair, aware of the sensory overload that comes with the first orgasm after the change.

"Did that feel good, honey?" Miranda asked as Jane gasped for air, her breasts sore and with red rings around her now swollen nipples.

"Fuck," Jane replied. "It felt so good." Miranda led her back to her room, alone and in need of release.

Jane spent the rest of that night trying to reach orgasm but failing until she experimented with her teats. She pinched her tender nipples forcing drops of milk to escape from between her fingers. This release allowed for another kind of release. Jane spent the rest of the night leaking milk and trembling as she came, again and again.