 Melissa had moved into her new townhouse 3 weeks ago, and was just finishing her unpacking. As she bent to pick up the last box she caught sight of herself in the mirror- her long dark hair casually tossed into a ponytail behind her, her rounded breasts straining at a black t-shirt that she had picked up in college ten years ago, and her firm ass packed into a pair of cutoffs that were really a size too small. She had a smudge of dirt on her cheek, and as she reached up to wipe it off her hand brushed her breast, sending a small jolt of electricity through her. Sitting down on the bed she tried to remember the last time she and Steve had made love before they broke up, and as hard as she tried she just couldn't. The lack of sex was the straw that broke her back- she had always been more interested in sex than most people she knew, and not to have a good sex life with her own partner was intolerable. She had thought about having an affair, but realized that she would rather just be free to make her own choices and live her own life, and moved out shortly afterward. Despite her knowledge that this was the right choice for her, she still felt some regret about the end of a relationship that she had once thought would last forever. Sighing, she picked up the last of the empty boxes and took it out to the recycling bin. 

As she walked back towards her house she heard someone yell, "Hey, we haven't met yet!" 

Looking back, Melissa saw a beautiful young woman, mid-twenties, with short blonde hair and glasses coming after her. It was hard not to notice her breasts first- she was wearing a dark green lace halter that she was spilling out of, and a long black sarong that showed her long tanned legs as she walked up the sidewalk. As she came closer Melissa noticed that she had a pierced nose and a small tattoo of a mermaid on her upper arm. 

"I'm Sara," the young woman announced, "and I've been waiting to meet you since I saw someone new had moved in. I live just across the street, and I'm so thrilled to have a new woman in the neighborhood." 

Melissa liked her right away: Sara's eagerness to talk was a welcome change from sitting alone at home for another night, and her gorgeous smile spread across her face as she talked. 

"Why don't you come in for a glass of wine and we can get better acquainted?" Melissa asked. 

"That sounds great," said Sara.

Half an hour later they were sitting on the couch in Melissa's living room, sipping glasses of red wine and chatting away like old friends. Melissa had already told her all about the breakup with Steve, while Sara had talked about her breakup a year ago with her old boyfriend, and they were feeling quite comfortable with each other. Melissa was starting to feel a little giddy- it was the first time she had had anything to drink since she had moved, and she could already feel it going to her head. 

"So what do you do for fun around here?" Melissa asked. "I haven't had time for anything but work and unpacking since I moved, and I don't know anyone yet." 

"You know me now," Sara smiled. " When I first moved in here I didn't know what to do with myself- I'd come from a long way away and didn't know anyone. But then I met the woman who used to live in this house, and she taught me a few things about how to find things to do in this town." 

Melissa was struck by how pretty Sara looked right now; leaning back on the couch with her head resting against the wall, her breasts outthrust and her legs crossed. Her nipples were clearly outlined under the lace of her halter, and Melissa was surprised to feel a sudden surge of wetness between her thighs. 

Sara went on. "It was a night like this when I first met her- I'd just moved into my place, and hadn't met anyone yet. Linda walked over and introduced herself, and I'd never met anyone like her. She was a lesbian, and completely open about it- I could feel her eyes devouring me all night when we first talked. At first I was uncomfortable about it, but after a while I began to look at her in a different light, and then it happened for the first time." 

"What did?" Melissa asked with her eyes wide open. 

"She kissed me, " Sara said, "and after that I looked at her in a completely different light. I'd never been attracted to women before, never even knew that I had it in me, but I've found that there are things that you can get from a woman that you'd never be able to experience with a man." 

Melissa giggled a bit self-consciously. "Well, I don't know about that," she said. "I've been with a lot of men, and I love having sex- it's one of my favorite things. That was one of the reasons that I broke up with Steve...I was tired of never having sex anymore. The move doesn't seem to have helped much though- I'm still no closer to having sex than I was before. " 

Sara looked at her with a smile in her eyes. "Are you sure about that?" she asked. Leaning forward, she ran the tip of one finger up Melissa's tanned thigh, stopping just below the hem of her shorts. Melissa was surprised at the instant jolt of electricity she felt- Sara's touch had felt like a burning trail ending just short of where she wanted it most. She shifted a bit, spreading her legs slightly and giving a soft sigh. Sara looked at her closely, then bent forward and gave her a soft kiss at the base of her neck just above her collarbones as she ran a finger yet again up her thigh. Melissa was surprised at the moan that escaped from her as she sank down further into the couch and spread her legs wider. 

Sara put a pillow on the floor and knelt in front of her, running her hands firmly from Melissa's knees up to the hem of her tight cutoffs. Melissa gasped as Sara's hands wandered for a minute up to the mound of her pussy, pressed firmly, and then retreated back down to her knees. 

"Oh," she moaned, "don't stop there." Sara gave her a knowing glance, reached up, and ran her fingers under the bottom of Melissa's t-shirt. 

"You have the most beautiful breasts" Sara said, and touched them for the first time. She gently traced their outline through the tight t-shirt with her fingertips, watching as Melissa's nipples exploded through the thin fabric and became harder and harder with each passing moment. Reaching down, she pulled Melissa's shirt over her head and slid it behind her back, trapping her hands behind her. Melissa groaned softly as she arched her body towards Sara. 

Sara bent her head towards Melissa, and softly took one hard pink nipple into her hot mouth. As she sucked strongly on it she tweaked Melissa's other nipple rhythmically, causing bursts of heat to go through her. By this time Melissa was so wet that Sara could see the traces of moisture on her shorts, and her pelvis was pumping regularly up near Sara's face where she could smell the clean fresh wetness of her. Sara's tongue traced a trail from Melissa's nipple down to her small belly button, leaving a trail of wetness wherever she went. Continuing to pull on Melissa's nipple with her hand, she unbuttoned her shorts with the other hand and pulled them off as Melissa thrust her pussy into Sara's face. 

Melissa moaned as Sara pulled off her shorts and sopping wet thong, and she begged "Stick something in me now- I want you to fuck me!" Instead, Sara reached behind her and undid her halter-top, exposing her breasts for the first time. Melissa stared entranced as Sara's heavy tits with their large brown nipples dangled above her thrusting thighs. Sara untied her sarong and let it slide down her hips, exposing a black lace thong and a telltale smear of moisture down one thigh. Straddling Melissa on the couch, she gave her a hard kiss on the mouth for the first time- searching out her mouth with her tongue and rubbing her chest against Melissa's. 

By this time Melissa was in agony- her pussy was throbbing and she could feel her clit exposed and ready for Sara's touch. 

"Please, please" she begged. 

Sara slid down on to the pillow and positioned herself between Melissa's thighs. Looking at her shaved pussy, she could see Melissa's clit poking out begging for attention. Blowing gently on it, she heard Melissa sigh as her hips thrust into Sara's face. Sara stretched out her tongue and gently flicked the throbbing clit, while she took her index finger and ran it gently from Melissa's clit back to her ass. Melissa's legs opened wider as she flexed her body forward hopefully. Sara moved her other hand from one breast to the other in hard brushing motions, feeling Melissa's nipples get harder and harder as she ran her fingers over them. 

Lowering her head, Sarah began to stroke Melissa's clit with her tongue rhythmically, while her other hand worked slowly back and forth along her pink pussy, feeling the liquid gush over her hand as she moved. Flicking her clit with her tongue, she slowly inserted two fingers into her cunt, feeling Melissa buck her hips against her and hearing her groan as her fingers found their way inside. Squeezing her nipple at the same time she rammed her fingers in as far as they would go; twisting them and feeling Melissa shudder against them. When she was sure that they were covered in Melissa's juices, she took them out and slowly inserted one finger into her tight cherry ass, running her other hand from Melissa's breasts down to her cunt and inside the waiting tightness. 

Working both hands together she sucked on Melissa's clit and shook her head quickly back and forth, vibrating her tongue against her clit as she rammed her fingers hard inside Melissa's cunt and ass. Feeling the walls tighten against her fingers she hurried the pace, going as deep as she could and sucking harder as she went faster and faster. As Melissa screamed, "I'm coming" she felt a gush of wetness against her face and hands, and felt Melissa twisting underneath her as she was wracked with shudders. 

Waiting a moment, she climbed back on the couch beside her and gently held her in her arms as Melissa subsided into weak tremors. Giving her a kiss on the forehead after she freed Melissa's hands from the t-shirt, she was rather surprised to find that Melissa's hands had found her thighs and her own waiting wetness. Lying back on the couch, she opened her legs as Melissa slid two fingers inside of her, saying, "I think I can figure out what to do from here. " 

Melissa kept two fingers inside of her as she slowly slid the side of her palm up and down Sara's pussy, going from her clit all the way back to her hand and up again. Pinching her clit gently between two fingers Melissa slowly fucked her with her hand, sucking on Sara's hard brown nipples as she held her down on the couch. Sara's breathing quickened as Melissa picked up the pace, pushing her fingers deep inside as she rubbed her fingers along her throbbing clit. Just when Sara thought she couldn't stand anymore, Melissa slowly slid down the couch and positioned Sara so that she was kneeling with her head between Sara's thighs, still fucking her with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other. As Sara's hips lifted, Melissa lowered her head and ran her tongue along the outside of Sara's asshole, which had never been touched. Sara moaned as the new sensations flooded into her- Melissa took her hand away from Sara's clit and used it to support her hips as she truly got into licking her cherry ass. Making her tongue into a spear she inserted it just a bit as her fingers rammed into Sara's cunt, wiggling it around the outside of the puckered skin as Sara writhed beneath her. Finally giving into Sara's strangled cries she took one finger and inserted it gently into her asshole, running it around the rim and going in a bit deeper as Sara begged. As she lowered her lips to Sara's clit for the first time and tasted the sweet juices she heard Sara scream "harder, harder", so she rammed her whole fist into Sarah's pussy as she inserted another finger into her ass. Sara's shudders told her she was on the right track, so she sucked harder on her clit as she rammed her fingers back and forth, until Sara's screams told her that she was done. 

As the shudders on both sides subsided, the two new friends lay beside each other on the couch exhausted and satisfied. 

"So, are you happy with the nightlife in the new neighborhood?" Sara finally asked. 

"I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship" Melissa replied with a grin.