 "That's not helping me work" Cassie jokingly complains as my lips begin to trail down her neck.

"No?" I reply smiling, "Not being distracting, am I?"

Cassie turns her chair round to mockingly glare at me as I retreat to her bed and sit cross-legged, failing to pull an innocent face. "Okay, sorry. You're right. I'll just stay here until you finish" I say as I fall back on the bed and stretch my arms over my head, pushing out my chest, knowing that my nipple piercing will be just visible beneath thin material of my shirt. "Don't worry about me; I'll be fine here...just waiting." I purr.

Cassie rolls her eyes and returns to her essay, her mind now unavoidably elsewhere. In tight jeans and a loose top, I know she wants nothing more than to throw it all off and climb into bed with me. I can't help giggling, knowing that she can't concentrate. Stubbornly, she attempts to continue with her work for a few minutes but her typing slows to a stop. I hear her breath turn shallow and smile as she begins to move away from her desk, abandoning her work.

I look up at Cassie as she stands next to the bed and slowly and very deliberately leans over and begins to straddle me. I feel my heart rate soar as her warm body presses up against me and her arm snakes round me to pull me closer. 

"I could always use a break from work" Cassie murmurs into my ear. I can only mumble in reply, breathless from the feeling of her mouth working down the side of my neck, twinned with her hand roaming down my front. Slowly, her hand begins to creep up my loose shirt while still gently sucking on my neck. Her hand moves up my front and I know that she could feel how fast I'm breathing, a giveaway as to how turned on I am.

Cassie's hand continues upwards, gently outlining my breast with her fingertips as her mouth moves down along my collarbone. I can hear my breath is fast and my back begins to arch as Cassie's hands flitter and make me wet. I can feel her smile as a moan of impatience escapes me as her fingertips dance lightly over my tight nipples; I can't help but squirm impatiently at her teasing.

Cassie pushes her body into mine as I stare into her green eyes with a smile on my face. "Finished with your work now then?" I ask sweetly, which is answered by harsh kisses and hands much more deliberately roaming over my body. Her fingers find my nipples and I hear myself gasp in pleasure as she takes one between her fingers and begins to rub it fiercely while our tongues mesh. My hands loop around her back while she sits up and throws off her top. With a satisfied smile, I admire Cassie's chest and sit myself up in order to unclasp her bra. Throwing it into a corner, I immediately begin to kiss down Cassie's breasts and gently take a nipple into my mouth. A slight moan from Cassie encourages me as I begin to slowly suck and flick her nipple with my tongue while I reach to her other nipple and begin to circle and rub it with my fingers. Cassie's hands hold my head close as she closed her eyes and slowly grinds against me, moving her legs around my back to pull me closer and give her support. My hands move to her back as I move my hips in rhythm to hers. I can't help but gaze at her as she rubs against me, head tilted back slightly and eyes closed in pleasure, chest heaving with long blonde hair tumbling over her shoulders.

I feel a jolt of wanting rush through me and I know that I need to taste her. I need her to grind against my tongue and to come in my mouth. I separate mine and Cassie's grinding hips and flip her onto her back so I straddle her.

She grins at me as I start to unbuckle her belt and laughs as I struggle to pull her jeans down over her knees. We both can't help giggling as we battle her jeans into submission and throw them aside, leaving Cassie in just her lace panties. The giggling abruptly stops as I push her back down on against the bed and cover her mouth with mine, my hand dipping beneath the lace of her briefs to feel her wetness as our chests press together. She breaks her mouth away from mine to gasp softly as I tilt a finger gently into her, my palm gently pressuring her clit. I feel her muscles pushing against my hand, tempting me to go further, to push her harder. She shudders as I thrust further into her, feeling tremors wrack through her as my thumb rubs her clit back and forth. 

"Not yet..." I whisper into her ear as I feel her getting close to coming. I nip her ear with my teeth and trail kisses down her soft front whilst harshly pulling her nipples. I push her lace panties down, throwing them at growing pile of clothes in the corner and feel her tense as I lift her legs over my shoulders, giving me full access to her. I bite her inner thigh which earns a gasp of mixed pleasure and pain.

Lightly, I run the tip of my tongue over the length of her cunt, taking her salty wetness into my mouth. She pushes lightly against my mouth, impatient for more, and I give into her wanting, thrusting my tongue deep into her. She groans lightly and her back arches. I glance up across her smooth stomach to see her face pressed against the pillow, eyes tightly shut and one arm thrown above her head. Her mouth is pressed to her arm, and I know that she'll be biting down to stop herself from being too loud. 

I move a hand from her hips to trail across her slit, then push into her again, my tongue still flicking across her clit. I crook a finger to push on her g-spot and feel her body start to shudder, her muscles contracting against my finger. I insert another and feel her gasp, pushing her hips into me, grinding on my hand and mouth. I Push my mouth harder against her and make my tongue dance faster. My hand races in and out of her as I feel her coming close. Her breathing is hurried gasps and her eyes are squeezed shut, mouth slightly agape and hands clutching at the pillow behind her head. She moves a hand down to my head and entwines her hand in my hair as she thrusts desperately against me a final time before a long, loud moan escapes her and her salty come washes over my hand and mouth. 

She falls limp against the bed and twitches as I extract myself from her, and climb on top of her once more. She lifts her head to kiss me and I give her my tongue so that she can taste herself. Smiling, she drops her head down to the pillow and sighs, throwing her arm out for me to curl under her shoulder. 

I settle down next to her and twine our legs together, laying my arm across her, to feel her still heaving chest. I feel her tremble as she begins to laugh.

"Guess I should finish that essay at some point" she giggles. 

I smile and sigh loudly, stretching out over her. "You have other work to do", I whisper.