 Chapter Two - My first day

The next morning I woke up to a knock on my door.

"Huhmph?" I answered groggily. 

The door opened and Jacob stuck his head in.

"Good morning. It's ten, breakfast should be ready in about half an hour so get up and come downstairs." 

"Uh huh." I replied. He closed the door and left. 

I had every intention of getting up but after last nights events my bed was just too warm and comfortable. I very quickly fell back to sleep.

I awoke again to a knock at my door. This time Jacob didn't wait for me to answer before entering the room.

"Breakfast is ready and if you're not down in fifteen minutes there'll be trouble." He said sternly before leaving.

Even though I knew that I didn't want to find out what sort of 'trouble' he meant once again the pull of sleep was too hard to ignore.

The next time he didn't knock when he entered my room. Hearing the door click open he strode over to me and whipped the duvet off of me, exposing my body to the cool morning air. 

"You were warned Annabelle. Up, now!" He barked at me and I shot upright.

"I'm sorry! I'm so sorry.. It's just last night I.." I went to explain but he cut me off.

"I know about last night Annabelle but that's really no excuse. You disobeyed orders. Have a shower and get dressed. Your breakfast is on the kitchen table. It's most likely cold at this point but once you've eaten it meet me in the living room." With that he strode out of the room closing the door behind him.

Putting my face in my hands I groaned to myself. I couldn't believe I'd gotten into trouble on my first proper day here. What a great start. I was dreading whatever Jacob wanted me to meet him in the living room for. 

"Well there's no point in delaying it." I muttered to myself, getting up and heading for the shower. 

I showered as quickly as I could, putting on a comfortable t-shirt and jogging bottoms afterwards and made my way down to the kitchen.

There was no one in the kitchen when I got down there. I spotted my breakfast on the table, simple scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. I sat down and started eating, it was indeed cold as Jacob had said. I considered the trouble I was in and without my meaning to I ate at a very slow pace. 

"I don't have all day Annabelle." I jumped at Jacobs voice from the kitchen door. 

"Sorry!" I squeaked, picking up the pace as Jacob left the room.

I finished the rest of my breakfast in record time and after cleaning my plate and cutlery I made my way to the living room.

Standing in the doorway I saw Jacob sat on the sofa, tapping his foot impatiently. I lingered in the doorway, unable to make my feet move me forward. Jacob sighed and looked up spotting me in the doorway.

"There you are Annabelle. You kept me waiting far too long." He greeted me sternly.

"Sorry.." I muttered, not moving from the doorway.

"Come and stand in front of me." He said, making a 'come here' motion with his hand.

I took a step forward and then hesitated again. Jacob lost his stern expression, instead it was replaced with a warm smile. He stood up and walked over to me. Standing in front of me he put his hands either side of my face and pulled my face towards his, his lips meeting mine.

His kiss was so different from Rebecca's. He took control right from the start, no hesitation here. He parted my lips, his tongue meeting mine tenderly. I sighed against his lips, the tension leaving my body. He ended the kiss quickly, pulling back to look me in the eyes, his thumb caressing my cheek.

"It will be okay sweetheart. I still need to punish you, you did misbehave after all. Remember you can use your safeword at any point if it's too much for you, okay?" He asked. I nodded in response, my nerves returning. 

Grabbing me by the hand he led me over to the sofa. Sitting down in the middle of the sofa he pulled me over his knees, my ass pointing upwards, one of his arms was draped over the top of my back effectively pinning me down. His other hand started to caress my bottom.

"You'll be getting ten swats for disobeying orders and another ten for keeping me waiting. Do you understand?" He asked. I nodded in reply but this didn't satisfy him as he slapped my raised bottom and I yelped in surprise. "Use your words Annabelle. Do you understand?" He asked again.

"Y-yes." I stammered. He slapped me again.

"Yes, what?" He asked after I had yelped once more. It took me a second to realise what he meant.

"Yes Sir." I correctly quietly. This seemed to satisfy him. 

Using the hand he had previously slapped me with he pulled down my trousers and underwear to reveal my bare bottom. I pressed my face into the cushion of the sofa, embarrassed that this was the first time he was seeing any part of me exposed.

"Now the first two don't count as you still had on your clothes," He explained, his hand caressing my now bare ass, "So that's twenty swats all together. I want you to count them for me."

"Yes Sir." I responded.

As soon as the words left my mouth his hand disappeared only to return with what seemed to be a very loud SMACK.

I gasped, tears building in my eyes. It wasn't so much the pain, although it did hurt more now that the protection of my clothes was no longer there. It was the feeling of knowing that I'd done something wrong that warranted this punishment. On my first day no less. 

"Count Annabelle." Jacobs command brought me out of my thoughts and I remembered his earlier instruction.

"One." I gasped around the lump that was now forming in my throat.

Jacob caressed my bottom once more, "Good girl. Now keep counting for me." He didn't give me a chance to respond before he smacked me again, this time on the opposite butt cheek.

"Two." I said, before he had to remind me.

We continued in this fashion. By the time I'd reached ten my ass was burning. By fifteen I was openly crying, my ass was burning terribly but I also noticed that the ache that Rebecca has started last night was reigniting. I could feel my juices running down my leg. I felt extremely embarrassed that this punishment was arousing me so much. 

As I neared twenty my counting was barely recognisable. 

After I had counted to twenty Jacob tenderly caressed my bottom, waiting for me to catch my breath. After I'd calmed down slightly he took his hand off my back and helped me to sit up, pulling me against him so my head was resting against his chest.

"Are you okay sweetheart?" He asked, his voice full of concern. 

I nodded against his chest. I didn't trust myself to speak, I was still crying freely.

Jacob hugged me close to him, his hand running through my hair, "I'm going to need a verbal confirmation please Annabelle."

"I'm okay." I whimpered into his chest. His smell was extremely comforting. It was a mix of hay, horses and something musky that I assumed was his own scent. 

"Then why are you crying?" He asked, his voice full of concern.

"I just.." I started but stopped feeling like I was being ridiculous. Jacob simply waited for me to finish. It took me a good five minutes before I could get the words out. "I feel like I've fucked up already. My first proper day here and I've already done something wrong. What if you don't want me because of it? I'm also ashamed that the first time you saw any part of me naked was something like this." I explained in a rush, not giving him a chance to interject. I pushed my face firmly into his chest as I started sobbing.

"Annabelle, look at me." He said softly. I shook my head in response, "Annabelle do I have to punish you for disobeying orders again?" He asked.

I leaned back to look at him and saw nothing but concern in his eyes.

"You needing to be punished is not going to make us not want you. We still want Dani and we have to punish her most days." He laughed at the last part and I couldn't help but chuckle as well. He reached over to the coffee table picking up a couple of tissues from the box there. Using them he gently wiped the tears from my cheeks. "And with this being the first time I'm seeing any of you naked, don't worry about it." Finished drying my tears he leaned forward and kissed me tenderly. He pulled me against him, deepening the kiss, his tongue meeting mine once more. I moaned against him, my hand resting on his firm chest. 

His free hand reached up to caress my neck before sliding down to my waist, pulling me firmly against him. I moaned once again. His hand slowly slid down coming to rest between my legs. His fingers dipped down and with a quick precise motion they dipped inside of me.

"Oh gosh!" I exclaimed before his lips reclaimed mine, our tongues dancing as his fingers pumped into me a few times before he removed them to circle my clit. I was now openly moaning, unable to keep my pleasure hidden. 

He repeated this several time. He'd dip his fingers inside me, give them a good few pumps before circling my clit, driving me wild with pleasure. 

As I felt the tell-tale signs of my orgasm building I remembered one of the rules I'd be given yesterday.

"Can I cum? Please.." I asked, the last word turning into a breathless moan.

He swiftly removed his fingers, giving my ass a light pat.

"No you may not. Go and get changed into something more appropriate and help Emily at the stables." He commanded, pushing me up. 

I must have looked ridiculous at that moment. I sat there, my mouth opening, then closing, then opening once again like a silly aroused fish.

Jacob laughed at my expression, "You didn't always expect that question to be answered with a yes did you?" He asked, "Go and get changed." He said firmly. I still sat there, unable to move due to my shock. "Don't make me ask again Annabelle." He warned.  

I shot to my feet and swiftly left the room.

Walking down the path to the stables I couldn't help but feel happy. Even though I had just been punished I somehow felt at peace. So far this was turning out exactly how I'd imagined it and more. 

As I neared the stables the smell of the grass and flowers that I had enjoyed on the walk over was overtaken by a deeper, muskier smell that I found even more pleasing. I had always liked the smell of stables. The horses, the hay, the leather. I knew that part of the smell was also horse manure but it somehow combined with the other smells and remained pleasant. 

The stables were quite large and could easily house thirty horses and they had at one point in time. Rebecca's grandfather used to be a horse breeder and was actually quite good at it. 

Making my way to the only stables that were currently occupied I spotted Emily pushing a wheelbarrow towards a stable where Rebecca's horse, Gypsy, was housed. 

"Good morning Emily." I greeted her. Turning to look in my direction, she left the wheelbarrow and practically skipped towards me, her chocolate brown hair bouncing around her shoulders. Emily had the 'super model' body. Tall and lean.

"Annabelle! It is so good to see you!" She replied cheerily, pulling me into a warm hug. "I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to see you yesterday."

"Don't worry about it." I said as we separated. 

Emily made her way back to the discarded wheelbarrow, "Jacob told me he'd be sending you here to give me a hand. A couple of the horses could do with some exercise if you'd like to ride them while I sort out the stables?" She asked. I grimaced in response. The idea of sitting on a saddle with my still sore behind didn't exactly sound appealing. Noticing my expression Emily raised an eyebrow questioningly. 

I looked at the floor, heat rising in my cheeks, "I don't think I'd find riding a horse exactly comfortable at the moment." I muttered.

Emily giggled, "What did you do?"

"The words Jacob used were 'disobeying orders'." I explained.

"Ah. Well you're luckily it was Jacob. Rebecca can be a bit harsher when it comes to punishments."

What Emily said made a memory resurface from yesterday, of Dani meeting us in the kitchen with a reddened cheek.

"On about punishments, do you mind if I ask you a question?" I asked.

"Sure, what's up?"

"Yesterday when we had lunch Dani was being..." 

"Her normal bratty self." Emily interrupted with a chuckle. 

"Exactly." I said giggling as well. "She wasn't coming for lunch when she was told. Jacob went to get her and when she came into the kitchen her cheek was red, as if she'd been hit there. I was wondering..." I trailed off, not sure how to phrase my question.

Luckily Emily seemed to know what I was getting at. "Oh, don't worry about that. Dani has a thing for face slapping. She really likes it! I think it's why she acts out all the time. She just wants them to slap her." She finished laughing. I laughed with her, feeling a lot more at ease now.

"So, would you mind if I did the mucking out?" I asked once we'd stopped laughing.

"You do the hard work while I do the fun stuff? What a silly question." She answered, laughing once again.

I spent the rest of the morning cleaning out the stables. It was hard work but I didn't mind it too much. I usually would have jumped at the chance of riding a horse for a few hours but I'm sure that at the moment it would have been rather unpleasant.

The work went by so quickly that by the time Jacob came and fetched us for lunch it felt like barely an hour had passed. 

Entering the kitchen for lunch after washing my hands I spotted Rebecca at the table. My stomach filled with butterflies after last nights events.

I sat at the table next to Rebecca and she smiled at me in greeting. 

"How's your day going?" She asked me as Jacob placed my food down on the table. Today's lunch was a beautiful chicken salad. 

"Annabelle has been mucking out the stables because she said that exercising the horses would be too uncomfortable for her." Emily answered before I had a chance to speak. I shot her a panicky 'please don't' look. I desperately didn't want Rebecca knowing about my earlier punishment.

"Yes, Jacob told me about this morning." She responded sounding rather unimpressed. My earlier worries started to resurface. What if they didn't want me because of this? I tried my best to bare in mind what Jacob had told me but it was difficult to remain rational amidst my rising anxiety. 

The rest of lunch was rather uneventful, the conversation was simple chit-chat. Normally this kind of atmosphere would relax me but my anxieties were slowly eating away at my stomach. So much so that I didn't even eat half of my food. 

"Emily if you wouldn't mind getting on with the rest of your chores and Annabelle would you be able to clean up everything from lunch." Jacob asked us once everyone was finished eating. Once both of us had stood up to move he made a motion to Rebecca, subtly asking her to follow him.

As I was cleaning the kitchen I could help worrying even more. 'This is it. I fucked up. Their going to come back in here and tell me it just isn't working out.' My mind kept going round in circles. I was surprised I even managed to clean anything I was so distracted. 

"Annabelle can you come with me please?" Rebecca asked from the doorway making me jump in surprise. Jacob was stood beside her. I stood there for a second feeling panicked. Jacob walked towards me and pulled me into a warm embrace. 

"It's okay sweetheart." He whispered in my ear before releasing me, giving me a small nudge in Rebecca's direction.

As soon as I got close enough Rebecca took my hand in hers and led me upstairs. She took me to a bedroom that I assumed belonged to her and Jacob. There was a large four-poster bed with black sheets and several fluffy pillows, several chest of drawers made of a dark wood that matched the frame of the bed and in one corner of the room was a black reclining sofa. 

Rebecca let go of my hand and made her way over to the bed and laid down. I just stood in the doorway. I felt so confused. I was so convinced that they were going to tell me to leave, that it wasn't working out but she took me to their bedroom? Did she want to have sex with me before letting me go?

"Get that cute little butt over here and lay down with me." Rebecca's voice brought me out of my worries. 

I made my way over to the bed but because of how I was feeling I couldn't bring myself to lay down. So instead I sat on the opposite side of the bed to her, facing the wall. 

I heard Rebecca sigh and felt the bed shifting as she moved. She wrapped her arms around me from behind. She kissed my neck causing goosebumps to rise on my skin before resting her head on my shoulder. I felt myself relax slightly at her touch.

"Jacob told me about your insecurities earlier." She said softly, her hands stroking my stomach. "I just wanted you to know that we are most definitely not going to send you away just because we needed to punish you." She kissed my neck once again and I felt the last of the tension leave my body.

I sighed leaning back against her. "I'm sorry."

"You have nothing to be sorry for honey. We knew you could be like this before we invited you to live with us. We wanted you just the way you are." She tightened the hug slightly, kissing my neck. "Now come and lay down with me for a bit."

She didn't give me a chance to move before pulling me down onto the bed beside her. 

We laid together for a while, my head on her shoulder with her arms wrapped around me. None of us said anything but it didn't feel awkward. It felt warm, nice and safe. 

After a while I felt her hand on my cheek, lifting my face up towards hers. She lent down and kissed me. Her hands stroked my sides while her tongue met mine. She tasted wonderful.

She slid her hands down before sliding them up underneath my shirt, her hands touching my bare skin. I gasped against her lips. Her hands felt like fire on my stomach before they travelled upwards coming to rest on my bra covered breasts. I moaned slightly as she massaged them. 

Rebecca sighed before pulling away from me. For a moment I thought something was wrong but when I looked at her she didn't look upset or anything. She was just looking at me.

"You're wearing too much." She stated. 

I sat up and looked at her, suddenly feeling very nervous. Was this her way of asking me to strip for her?

She smiled, leaning forward to kiss me once again. She reached down and pulled my shirt up and over my head, throwing it to the floor before leaning down to kiss the exposed skin on my collarbone. I sighed at the contact, her lips felt like fire on me. 

Slowly she kissed her way up along my neck before reaching my lips once again. She kissed me passionately, her tongue meeting mine with much more force than earlier. I started to feel slightly light-headed as I felt a stirring in the pit of my stomach. Her hands reached out and caressed my shoulders, making their way up until she held my head in her hands. 

"Next time I say that you're wearing too much I expect you to strip." She explained breaking off the kiss. "Do you understand?" She asked and I nodded in reply. 

Suddenly I felt her hands in my hair, pulling my head back forcibly. I gasped in shock. It hurt a little but seemed to arouse me more. It wasn't the fact that she was pulling my hair that turned me on. To me it felt like such a blatant show of dominance. It made me wet with excitement. 

"When I ask a question I expect an answer." She growled in my ear only serving to heighten my arousal. 

"Y-Yes, I understand." Her hand tightened in my hair causing me to gasp once again.

"Yes, what?" 

"Yes Mistress." I corrected myself. 

She pulled my head towards hers kissing me once again. I moaned, willing her to touch me, anywhere. I needed to feel close to her right now. Her tongue forced its way into my mouth and started to wrestle with mine. I was moaning freely unable to contain my pleasure. Her free hand reached up behind me and unclasped my bra before she broke off the kiss long enough to fling the bra to the floor.
