 Stephanie's friend, Sheryl was an emotional wreck when she last spoke with her earlier this morning and she was still worried about her. It was not so long ago that Sheryl had been there for Stephanie when things were not going so well in her life. The two longtime friends shared a very intimate afternoon of lovemaking that was a first for both of them. Neither considered themselves to be bisexual but both enjoyed the experience more than they ever imagined possible. Somehow one just knew what the other needed and when it was over their satisfied and worn out pussies told them that it was the right thing to do. Stephanie really wanted to be there for her friend in her time of need but had to consider one thing...

...Her one true soul mate, Darryl, had traveled to see her and would soon be arriving at the hotel room where she was anxiously waiting. Regardless, Sheryl had been with her earlier when she checked in so she knew where to find her and she also had the number just in case she really needed to reach her. Right now all she could think about was seeing Darryl and his beautiful black cock again.

The last time that Stephanie and Darryl had been together she recalls experiencing a night of passion that she will never forget. She remembered the way his tongue lashed out at her pussy lips and sucked on her hard clit, the way he kissed and licked her puckered brown asshole and sent shivers through her entire body. It just seemed like he knew how to make her sexual senses rise to a level they had never reached before. The two lovers had enjoyed sexual pleasure far beyond anything they were accustomed to getting from their respective spouses. Just thinking about that night of love and lust made her pussy moisten and twitch with anticipation...

She moaned, "MMMMMM, I think I'll have little fun while I wait."

Stephanie leaned back on the pillows of the bed and slowly raised her skirt to expose the soaked panties covering her needy pussy. She closed her eyes and pulled the little band of material to the side to expose the glistening lips of her dripping wet cunt. Sliding two of her fingers between the lips of her pussy, she thought about the way Darryl had caressed her breasts and sucked on her hard, sensitive, mocha colored nipples. She bit her lip and let out a slight moan as she grazed the tip of her swollen clit. Stephanie couldn't believe how wet she was as she looked down and saw her chocolate thighs shining with the wetness of her own juices.

"OOOOOOOOH Damn, I need to cum so bad. I can't wait to feel Darryl's hard dick inside this hot ass pussy."

She brought her fingers to her lips to taste herself and her mind quickly darted Sheryl's tongue lapping at her pussy. She thought about the way Sheryl's succulent caramel pussy tasted also and promised herself she would have to taste it again soon. Stephanie was determined to make herself cum hard as a warmup to what she knew would be a long night of uninhibited and very satisfying sex. (She really had no idea just how uninhibited it was going to turn out to be.)

She wasn't wearing a bra and with one hand she cupped her breast and brought one of her swollen nipples to her mouth. Sucking hard on her tit, she moved her fingers in and out as they were wrapped inside the warm slick cavity of her soaked pussy. She closed her eyes again and envisioned her two secret lovers pleasing her at the same time. She remembered the sweet aroma of Sheryl's sex and thought how good it would feel to have Sheryl's mouth sucking on her other nipple.

"MMMMMM Yes"

She moaned deeply as her fingers moved a little faster over her sensitive clit. Releasing her nipple, she licked her lips and thought about how good Darryl's hard cock feels in her mouth when she's sucking it. She had promised herself that she would suck his dick until he shot his hot cum down her waiting throat and she could taste it as it flowed over his tongue.

"OOOOOH, I want his cum in my mouth so badly."

Stephanie was so close to cumming that she thought her pussy would explode. "Click!" She heard the door handle turn. Before she could reach her climax, the door swung open and she was shocked to see who was standing in the doorway.

"Sheryl!!!?"

Stephanie was so surprised that all she had time to do was clamp her legs together. She could still feel her wetness soaking her finger clutched between the lips of her pussy. Her nipples were still hard and swollen in anticipation of the orgasm she had not yet reached.

"What are you doing here?"

"I needed someone to talk to and a shoulder to lean on. The girl at the front desk remembered me from earlier and gave me a key. I'm sorry Steph, did I interrupt something," Sheryl said with a naughty smile on her face.

"Well, it's pretty obvious that you did," Stephanie laughed back. "My pussy is throbbing so bad and I really need to cum. I was so close 'til you busted in."

"OK girl, then don't let me stop you. As a matter of fact, let me help you."

Instinctively Stephanie's legs opened wide exposing her throbbing pussy that seemed to be sucking on her juice soaked fingers. Sheryl lick her lips at this inviting site. Now, Stephanie knew that Darryl could be there at any time and since the room had been reserved in both their names she knew that he would just come straight to the room when he got there but at this moment the fire burning between her thighs wouldn't let her stop even if she wanted to and watching her friend toss her clothes on the floor piece by piece made her decide that she didn't want to. She watched for a moment as her friends beautiful caramel skin came into view. Reluctantly pulling her fingers from her steaming hot hole and sucking the juices off of one, Stephanie stood up to remove her own clothes. When she got to her panties Sheryl, now completely naked, grabbed her had and licked the sweet nectar from the other finger.

"MMMMMMM, Tasty," she moaned as she pushed Steph back onto the bed. "Let me get those wet panties off you. You soaked them pretty good didn't you, you slutty little freak. You must have been thinking about sucking your man's hot dick."

Sheryl pulled Steph's panties off and threw them on top of one of the piles of clothes on the floor. She climbed on top of her friend and saw the raw hunger in her eyes. Their lips came together as their hands started to grope and claw at the other's hot flesh. The kiss was hard and passionate as their tongues washed the inside of each other's mouth with the juices of Stephanie's pussy. With a wet smack Sheryl broke away from the kiss and took Steph's right nipple in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around it and sucked making it stiffer and getting a low moan out of her friend.

"MMMMMMM, that's it baby, just like that."

At the same time, Stephanie was fondling and tweaking her best friend's nipples. She loved the way her friends caramel colored flesh looked against her own mocha skin and enjoyed touching her even though this whole thing was fairly new to them. Sheryl continued to trail sloppy kisses down Stephanie's body with one aim in mind.

"I'm sorry I interrupted your cum earlier baby, but I promise I'm going to make up for it now. I'm going to eat that fat ass pussy 'til my face is drenched with your sweet pussy juice."

Stephanie couldn't wait to be eaten out by her sexy friend so she reached down and spread the lips of her pussy to allow Sheryl complete access to her quivering snatch. Sheryl lowered her face to her friend's waiting love opening and stopped to look for a second. Just seeing the juices glistening on the inside of her lips and her clit peeking from under it's hood made her own juices flow freely. She guided one of her fingers to play inside of her own snatch just before placing her lips on Steph's hot pussy. She kissed it like she had kissed her mouth, pushing her tongue into the inside folds of her slit. She proceeded to slowly tongue fuck her friend being coaxed on by her moans and encouraging comments.

"Yeah baby, you nasty girl. OOOOOH fuck my pussy with your tongue. Make me cum all over your beautiful face."

Sheryl showed no mercy and attacked Steph's pussy recklessly flicking her tongue rapidly over the tip of her engorged clit. Stephanie's thighs quivered as she got closer to cumming and her ass was bouncing off the bed as she began thrusting to meet Sheryl's tongue lashing. She quickly moistened a finger in her mouth and pushed it deep into her own ass to increase the sensations.

"AAAAAAH, You want both your holes taken care of, huh Steph? Come on baby, cum for me. I'm going to make you scream my name," Sheryl coaxed her friend.

Knowing that her girlfriend was on the brink of orgasm, Sheryl began to suck directly on Stephanie's sensitive clit enclosing it in her mouth and rolling it between her lips with her tongue.

"OH, Fuck! You're making me cum! Don't stop, please don't you ever stop!" Stephanie's asshole quivered around her finger and she began to shudder as her orgasm hit her. "OH, Sheryl, I'm cummiiiiiinnnnnnnng!!!"

Sheryl tried to keep her mouth clamped to Stephanies's pussy but it was like riding a bucking bronco. She was able to give her engorged clit a few final licks and cause a second orgasm to rock through her friend before being tossed off. A huge grin came across her face, satisfied and proud of what she just put her best friend through.

"Damn girl, you were trying to kill me." Stephanie panted as she came down off her orgasmic high. "I haven't cum like that since... Well, I haven't cum like that. Just wait 'til I get through with you. Come on, I want you face down and ass up!"

Sheryl quickly obeyed her friend and got on all fours on the bed in anticipation of what she knew would be very enjoyable even though she had no idea what Stephanie had in mind for her. She continued to smile at the thought of not knowing. Stephanie jumped up from the bed grinning like a Cheshire cat knowing that she was going to give her friend an experience she would remember forever.

******Darryl sat in traffic wondering... "I hope Stephanie doesn't get too upset with me for being so late. She's probably bored out of her mind right about now waiting on me. I'll have to find a way to make it up to her when I get there." He was stuck in traffic backed up because of construction and, to top it off, he had just finished changing his tire from a blowout he suffered. "At any rate, I should be able to get there within half an hour."******

Stephanie walked over to the bag she had brought with her and pulled something out of it. Sheryl was watching her friend from behind but couldn't tell what it was. She saw her step into it like a pair of panties and then buckle it around her waist like a belt. When Stephanie turned around Sheryl's mouth almost dropped to the floor. She started salivating as she stared at this perfect chocolate colored dick standing straight out from between Steph's legs.

"Shit girl, are you kinky or what? Where did you get that thing and just what do you plan to do with it."

"First of all, yes, I am. Secondly, it's something I picked up so that I could have some fun with Darryl. But, for right now, I'm going to fuck you silly with it just the way you like it." 

"Steph, you so nasty." Sheryl commented, knowing that her friend was planning to fuck Darryl with her new strap-on.

"Thanks for the compliment." Stephanie replied as she walked around in front of the girl waiting on all fours. Sheryl reached out and took the life-like dick in her hand and was amazed at how real it felt. She instinctively licked the head of it and took it into her mouth. She liked the way it felt as it slid past her lips and over her tongue. She slurped back and forth on the rubber cock getting it nice and wet so it would enter her pussy with ease. Stephanie pulled it out of her eager friend's mouth and looked down to admire her glistening hard dick as she climbed on the bed and positioned herself behind her friend. The cock stood out so straight and stiff that she was able to spread the cheeks of Sheryl's ass apart with both hands and slide in right between the moist lips of her waiting pussy. Sheryl moaned with pleasure as the fat head on this rubber cock entered her wet opening.

"Ah yes, come on baby, fuck my hot pussy. Don't hold anything back. Fuck me hard and fast. It feels so good inside my tight pussy."

A sense of power came over Stephanie as she proceeded to fuck her friend. She watched her 'dick', wet with Sheryl's juices, move in and out as she worked her hips. A small hump molded on the back end of the cock bumped against her clit sending sweet sensations through her body with each stroke she made into the inviting pussy. The girls panted and moaned as their bodies slapped together with each thrust. Stephanie watched her friend's sexy ass bounce as she fucked back trying to impale herself on the fake dick that felt so real to her. Sheryl's ass looked so good to her she couldn't resist grabbing it and kneading it with her hands. The girl's pussy had been dripping so much that the entire area around her asshole was slick and wet. Steph placed her thumb at the entrance to the tight puckered opening and pushed it in.

"OH Shit, Oh Steph, fuck me. Please make me cum, MMMMM fuck both my holes. Push your finger deeper in my ass," Sheryl cried out as she fiddled her own clit.

Stephanie pumped faster into her best friend's pussy as her own orgasm began to build. Each girl tried to wear the other out as they reached mutual climax.

"NNNNNNNNGH, I'm cummiiinnnnnnng! OHHHHHHHHH, Fuck!!!" "Me too, MMMMMMMMMMMM Shit Yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

Their bodies quivered and convulsed as they collapsed together on the bed exhausted and thoroughly satisfied, Stephanie's 'dick' still resting in Sheryl's throbbing pussy. As she came to herself, Stephanie remembered...

"Uh-Oh, We better get us and this room cleaned up before Darryl gets here. C'mon, let's jump in the shower."