 Authors note: Hello and thank-you for reading. I originally posted this story a few months ago but I wasn't happy with it so I removed it and completely rewrote it. The characters and story are the same but I feel it's a lot more fleshed out now. Also note, although I have placed this in the Lesbian Sex category there is a man present in the story. If you want something a bit more all girl please read my other work-in-progress story Veronica. As with all of my stories if you're here for a quick straight to the sex story this is the wrong place.

*****

Chapter One - A New Beginning

Driving down the small country lane, there was nothing but fields as far as the eye could see, yet I wasn't seeing the road in front of me. My mind was going back over the events of the past year that had led me to where I was now, wondering whether I had made the right decision. My stomach was tight with anxiety over the uncertainty of what was going to happen next.

A year ago I met someone online and we instantly hit it off. Her name was Rebecca. She was a two years older than me at twenty-five. She had beautiful red hair and bright green eyes but that wasn't what drew me to her. It was her attitude, her playfulness but also how she could be stern and strict. You see Rebecca was a Domme and I quickly wanted to become her sub. I expressed my interest after a few months of us talking pretty much every night. She wanted to wait a while though while we got to know each other more. 

Rebecca lived in a polyamorous household. The household was currently comprised of herself, her boyfriend Jacob, and their two submissives, Dani and Emily. Rebecca explained to me how Dani and Emily were involved with both her and Jacob, and how if I was to become their submissive ideally they'd like me to be involved with the both of them as well. She said that the submissives were given the option to be involved with each other if they wished but neither Dani nor Emily had expressed much of an interest in the other aside from the occasional group play session. 

She explained all of this to me so I knew what I would be getting involved in. I gave the decision a lot of thought over the next few months, keeping in touch with Rebecca regularly. I even started talking to Jacob as well, wanting to get to know him before making a decision. 

Jacob was also an attractive man. He had long brown hair and deep blue eyes. He had a witty sense of humour and never failed to make me laugh. He was also strict but in a different way to Rebecca. He didn't get angry, he got disappointed and sometimes that felt worse than the anger you'd get from Rebecca. 

I didn't talk to either Dani or Emily since being involved with them was an option not a requirement if I was to join the household. I figured if I met them and wanted to be involved with them I could pursue that at a later date.

After around eight months I told Rebecca and Jacob that I was still interested. They were thrilled to hear it and expressed that they were very interested in me joining them also. They just didn't want to say so before I made my decision just in case it caused me to feel pressured into joining them. 

After that we met up a few times for dinner and soon it became a weekly thing. They were both pretty much exactly the same in person as they were online. Jacob was funnier in person because now he could be a lot more expressive. Rebecca was even more amazing in person that I could have imagined. I grew to care about Jacob a lot and could see myself growing to even love him given the chance but Rebecca was quickly stealing my heart. 

Soon I started hanging out at their house on a regular basis, although 'house' was too small of a word. It was more of a farm. The house itself was spacious and recently remodelled with modern looking fixtures in the kitchen and bathrooms. Rebecca explained to me on my first visit that her grandfather had died five years ago leaving her the farm and a lot of money to go with it, due to the fact that she had been the only member of the family who helped with the upkeep of the farm once he became ill. The rest of her family had simply urged him to sell.

Her and Jacob had decided to remodel once they came to the decision that they'd like to have a polyamorous household. The house had in addition to the large open plan kitchen/dining room, a large spacious living room with double glass doors leading out to a patio area overlooking the fields where their horses often grazed. There were four large bedrooms spread out over the two upper floors each with their own en suite bathrooms. 

After a year we made the decision for me to move in with them and become a member of the household. Which is how I found myself making the nervous drive down the country road to the farm. 

I had to pull over to take deep breaths to try and quell my nerves. Up until this point nothing intimate had happened between us but now it most certainly would. I felt like I'd built it up in my head to the point where I had set unbelievable expectations for myself. I reminded myself that Rebecca and Jacob were interested in me for more than just sex and I kept telling myself how silly I was being. 

With my nerves finally under control I finished the journey to the farm.

Pulling into the driveway I saw that Jacob and Dani were already waiting for me. As I got out of the car they came over and Jacob greeted me with a warm hug.

"Here at last. We started to think you'd gotten lost." Jacob greeted me, lingering on the hug more than usual causing the nerves to return slightly. His stature still sometimes took my breath away. He was tall and muscular. Not the kind of muscles that body builders had, these were the kind that one got from hard labour. 

"Alright you, put her down. We need to help her unload before lunch." Dani chastised him. Even though Dani was their sub she had a terrible bratty streak. Rebecca had told me once how they were sure she did it because she liked being punished and how they were only too happy to oblige. 

Jacob threw her a warning glance and she looked away, not before I caught her trying to suppress a cheeky grin.

Grabbing boxes from the car we started to make our way inside.

"So where's Rebecca and Emily?" I asked as we started up the stairs to my room.

"Emily had to go to the University library to find a book for her assignment and Rebecca is inside cooking us a nice lunch to welcome you to the house." Jacob explained. 

"You didn't have to do that for me." I replied, feeling my cheeks redden in embarrassment.

Jacob looked over his shoulder, "Don't be silly, we wanted to."

It took us fifteen minutes to unload everything out of the car and into my bedroom. I started to unpack figuring that I had some time before lunch was ready. As I was putting some books away on the shelf I felt someone wrap their arms around me, kissing my neck causing goosebumps to break out over my arms. 

"Hello gorgeous." Rebecca purred before nibbling on my earlobe. 

I signed leaning into her embrace, "I thought you were making lunch?" I asked.

"Jacob took over from me once he was done helping you. He knew I couldn't wait to get my arms around you." She tightened her arms around me, continuing to kiss my neck. I moaned at her lips on my skin, feeling the fire she was starting deep in my stomach. 

Suddenly she spun me round and pushed me against the wall, pressing her body against mine. I gasped at the contact before her lips found mine. The kiss was tender at first, almost hesitant but slowly it became firmer, more insistent. Her lips parted and her tongue reached out to touch mine. I moaned at the taste of her. Kissing her was all I imagined and more. 

Breaking off the kiss she put a hand to my cheek, leaning her forehead against mine. 

"I have wanted to do that for so long." She murmured, her voice all husky. 

"Me too." I sighed, wrapping my hands around her waist. 

"I'm so glad you're finally here." She gave me one more tender kiss, making me feel weak at the knees. "Come on. Lunch should be ready now and then after me, you and Jacob are going to sit down and have a talk." She turned and keeping her fingers entwined with mine, led me downstairs to the kitchen. I couldn't take my eyes off of the sway of her hips. Her hourglass figure was hypnotic to me.

In the kitchen Rebecca sat down at the head of the table pulling me down next to her, her hand never leaving mine. Jacob came over and placed plates down in front of us. 

"Spanish Omelette. Bon Appetite." He announced. He walked over to the foot of the stairs and yelled, "Dani! Lunch!" I heard her shout back but couldn't quite make out the words, I only heard Jacobs response of "Now!" And gathered that she was continuing her currently bratty streak.

Jacob returned and sat down opposite Rebecca at the other head of the table. His eyes flicked down to where mine and Rebecca's hands were still entwined. I blushed, trying to pull my hand away but Rebecca held on tight. 

Jacob smiled, "I'm glad to see you two like this." He said taking a bite of his omelette, "Truth be told, she hasn't stopped talking about you since you agreed to move in Annabelle." 

I looked at Rebecca and saw her blushing this time. I couldn't help but giggle at her look of embarrassment. 

We had to let go of each other to eat our lunch but our eyes were never far from the others. 

After five minutes Jacob left to fetch Dani who still hadn't appeared for lunch. Rebecca gave me a meaningful glance.

"Dani knows just how far to push us and delights in going past that point." She explained, "She will be punished for it and knowing her she'll love every minute of it."

Soon Jacob returned followed by Dani who at least had the sense to look ashamed of herself. I noticed that her left cheek was red and her shoulder length dyed blue hair was messier than it had been earlier and made a mental note to ask Rebecca and Jacob about it later. Dani was a little plumper than Rebecca, with similar curves, her overall appearance is one I would describe as 'cute'.

The rest of lunch was uneventful. After we'd finished eating Jacob told Dani to clean up while he and Rebecca spoke to me in the living room. 

Sitting on the large grey sofa, Rebecca sat down next to me while Jacob went to the study, returning with some papers. He passed them to Rebecca before sitting down next to her. 

"We just need to discuss a few things with you Annabelle, now that you've actually moved in." Jacob explained at my worried expression.

"We've written up a draft copy of rules for you." Rebecca said as she handed me one of the pieces of paper, "If you could read over those and tell us whether you'd like to make any changes. You can have tonight to think about it if you need." 

I looked over the list of rules. They seemed simple enough. 

'1. Always address Rebecca as Mistress and Jacob as Sir'

"Why 'Sir'?" I asked, "Why not Master?"

Rebecca chuckled in response and I thought I saw Jacobs cheeks turn slightly more pink.

"Jacob finds it uncomfortable." Rebecca explained.

"It always feels awkward and forced." He pouted. I couldn't help but laugh slightly at his embarrassment. I continued to look over the list.

'2. When speaking to either Rebecca or Jacob always be respectful.

3. Follow all commands unless the use of a safeword is required.

4. No masturbation.

5. Always ask for permission to orgasm.'

I looked up at them and nodded, "These seem okay."

Rebecca put a reassuring hand on my knee, "You can let us know at any point if you're not okay with something. We want you to enjoy this as much as us. Which leads me to the next point. Safe words. We usually run on a colour system. Green means everything is fine. Yellow means that you're not feeling quite comfortable with something and would like to stop and discuss it. That one is used when, for example, you don't want to stop a session completely, you just don't like a particular thing. Red means stop everything. Do you understand?" I nodded. "You can pick your own if you'd prefer?" She asked.

"No that's okay. Your way is fine."

"Good." Rebecca smiled, handing me the second piece of paper. "This is a list of different things we'd like to do with you. If you wouldn't mind using some coloured pens to check which you're okay with. Use red for the ones you're not okay with at all. Yellow or orange for ones that you are curious about but are unsure and green for things you're fine with." 

I nodded, not really sure what to say. 

Jacob smiled, "You can give that back to us in your own time. Until then if anything happens that you're not okay with, you know the safeword."

"For now why don't you go and finish unpacking? We'll let you know when dinner it's dinner time." Rebecca leaned in, giving me a quick peck on the cheek.

The rest of the night was pretty uneventful. I finished unpacking my things just in time for Emily to return from uni. She greeted me warmly with a hug saying "Welcome to the family."

We all sat together at the table for dinner and the conversation was warm and pleasant. Afterwards Emily cleaned the kitchen and I went to my room. I felt exhausted after the day of moving and unpacking. I laid in bed watching Disney films until about 10pm when I settled down to go to sleep. 

About an hour after I'd settled down to sleep, just as I was about to drift off to sleep, I heard my bedroom door open. I looked over and saw Rebecca stick her head through the doorway. Seeing that I was awake she quietly stepped into the room shutting the door behind her.

"I didn't wake you did I?" She asked, walking over to the bed.

I shook my head, "No I wasn't asleep yet."

"Good" She responded, climbing into bed beside me. I shifted over slightly making room for her, my breath quickened, I wasn't sure if it was due to being so close to her or from nerves. Maybe a combination of the two.

As soon as she was settled in beside me she grabbed my face firmly, bringing her lips to meet mine. There was none of the hesitation that there was earlier. She immediately took control, so much so that I I was glad I wasn't standing because otherwise I fear I would have fallen. Her tongue met mine, relentlessly trying to wrestle it into submission as her hands slowly travelled down my body coming to rest on my hips, pulling my body firmly to hers. I gasped against her lips at the contact. 

I heard her chuckle softly, "I couldn't wait any longer to get my hands on you. Jacob noticed I was very restless in bed and urged me to come to you. He's too intuitive for his own good sometimes." She explained, bringer her lips down to kiss my neck. I shuddered against her, how could something so small feel so good? 

Suddenly she grabbed my wrists and in one smooth motion she was on top of me, pinning my arms above my head. I gasped in surprise as she bent down and sharply bit my neck. I was certain that would leave a bruise. 

Shifting so she was holding both my wrists in one hand, her now free hand travelled down my body, leaving a trail of fire everywhere it went.

Reaching the bottom of my t-shirt she slowly lifted my shirt baring my full breasts to her. Leaning down she took one pointed nipple into her mouth. Behind my closed eyes I saw fireworks as a small moan escaped my lips. 

For what felt like an eternity she worked on my nipples, switching between the two, licking, sucking and biting, driving me while with pleasure. 

Her lips left my now thoroughly abused nubs, returning to my lips as her hand travelled down to the lining of my underwear. I moaned in anticipation. 

She ended the kiss, leaning up to look me in the eye, "I can wait a bit longer." She smiled slyly. 

Climbing off of me she kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "Remember, no masturbating." Before leaving the room.

I sat in the darkness, not entirely sure what had just happened. It was clear that her intention from the very start was to leave me like this, alone and aroused, unable to do anything about it. 

Getting out of bed I went to my bathroom and splashed some cold water on my face, hoping it would quieten the ache between my legs. Sadly it did nothing so I returned to bed and attempted to sleep, unable to get the image of her on top of me out of my head. I fell asleep after an hour or so of this torment only to see similar images in my dreams.