 My name is Aviva. I was raised by two strict Jewish parents in Israel for the first 17 years of my life. We moved to America after our town was destroyed by bombing. It was a long, terrifying and dangerous trip, but we made it with the help of some refugee camps and a wonderful American family. 

When we arrived, I spoke very little English. A family of Indian descent, who live in America, hosted me and my parents for the first few months until my dad found a job and could pay for an apartment for us. I turned 18 the week we were in transit to the United States of America, but was not able to celebrate due to the situation we were in.

The host family also had a daughter. Her name was Bhanu, which I she told me means "sun". The house we were staying in was small and only had three bedrooms. My parents shared the second bedroom, so I had to share the bedroom with Bhanu. 

Her room was beautifully decorated in Hindu design with many trinkets and collectibles from her culture. She rearranged her clothes so that I could have two dresser drawers. I did not have many clothes so, two drawers were more than enough. 

The first day in America, my parents stayed in their bedroom and prayed for safety and thankfulness for our safe arrival. I was sitting on the small, double sized bed in Bhanu's room, learning to adjust to my new environment when Bhanu entered the room. She gently wrapped her hand around my wrist and waived for me to follow her.

We walked down the street to a local food market. I found myself constantly looking around, waiting for someone to attack me or a bomb to go off, but none of that happened. It took awhile for me to adjust to this calm country. The market had such a large variety of fruits and vegetables and meats; much more than I had ever seen in Israel. I followed behind her as she picked many different vegetables, fruits, meats and a package of spices. 

We did not talk at all, but she smiled at me often, making me feel comfortable around her. I didn't know if she spoke my language at all, but I did not speak any Asian language and as I mentioned earlier, did not speak English very well at all. 

When we returned to the house, my parents handed me an English dictionary that was written in Arabic. I was told to study the dictionary until I could speak English. I spent a couple of hours scrolling through the pages of the dictionary, in my new bedroom. Bhanu sat next to me and would pronounce each word I pointed to. I would do my best to repeat the word. This became a game quickly to see how close I could pronounce the word. 

Bhanu would giggle often when I butchered the pronunciation of a word. I could not help but laugh too. Her laughing made me giggle. Though we could not speak to each other because of the language barrier, I felt that speaking common words helped us create a bond. Her arm and leg was pressed against my arm and leg as she peered down at the book. I did not mind her sitting so close, though it was weird at first, because I enjoyed the warmth of her body heat against my skin.

After dinner, I sat with both families and watched a television show that looked like it was a comedy. I couldn't understand anything that was being spoken, though I did recognize a few words that I had said earlier. I still did not know what the words meant yet, however.

When it was dark, I said my prayers, wore loose pair of pajama pants that Bhanu gave me to bed along with a thin t-shirt that looked like she had owned for several years. I had only two pair of undergarments so I washed the pair I had been wearing in the sink and hung it over the towel holder in the bathroom. It was awkward climbing into bed with another person. I had never slept next to another person other than my parents, when I was younger, except when we left Israel and slept in large groups along that way. That was different though, because no one had any privacy.

I climbed in bed first and scooted close to the wall. Bhanu climbed in after me, gave me a warm smile as she pulled the covers up over her body, then turned away from me. I turned away from her and faced the wall. I could not sleep right away though. Many thoughts raced through my mind as I lay there in this foreign bed next to this foreign female. 

After about 15 minutes, I felt Bhanu's but make contact with mine. I instinctively wanted to pull away, but my body did not move for some reason. Her breathing sounded like she was sleeping so I ignored it and tried my best to go to sleep. Finally, I could feel my eyelids starting to get heavy.

I was awakened from my sleep when I felt something warm between my legs. As I slowly came to consciousness, I could feel that the top of my pajama pants were pulled away from my body. I was lying on my back and felt Bhanu's body pressed up against me. I instantly became very nervous, but did not move nor did I open my eyes.

As I lay there, I felt movement between my slightly parted legs. The feeling of warm skin against my labia was evident. I realized it must be her hand that was touching me. I was freaking out to say the least. I had never had any interest in women or even thought of having an interest in women. I recognized beauty and the softness of their skin, but that was the extent of it. 

The hand slowly and softly slid up and down my outer labia. I could feel a strange sensation growing between my legs. I didn't know what the feeling was and had never felt it before. Coming from a place of disarray, I had never dated or had any intimate contact with a man, or woman for that matter.

The sensations felt very weird, but pleasing. I lay there and listened to Bhanu and myself breath. Her breathing was heavier than normal and mine was growing heavy as well. I don't know why, but my legs instinctively spread a little further apart. The touch of her fingers on my body felt splendid.

After a few minutes had passed, I felt something push deeper between my legs. I didn't know what to do at this point. My mind was telling me to jump off the bed and run or scream or do something, but my body was telling me to stay because it enjoyed the feelings that it was experiencing. My body won out and I stayed still.

I felt a finger press between my labia and begin moving up and down my inner labia. I had never touched myself inside, other than for cleansing and female related reasons, but never for pleasure. To be honest, I didn't even know that I could receive pleasure inside there. I was naïve.

For some reason, each time her finger moved toward the top of my inner labia, I felt a strong jolt of excitement. I didn't know what was causing it or why I was feeling that way, but I quickly realized that there was a certain spot toward the top that was very sensitive. In that area, I felt a growing burn that felt good and made me want to be touched there even more.

I was starting to freak out when I noticed that my nipples started to ache. I could feel them pressing against my shirt. The only time I had noticed this before was when it was chilly outside, but it was far from chilly in the bedroom. In fact, I was starting to feel very warm. I did not want Bhanu to know that I was awake so I lay still, though my hips wanted to move.

After what seemed like an eternity had passed, I felt Bhanu's finger press further between my lips, toward the bottom. My hips instinctively rose off the bed to meet her finger and I heard a moan escape my lips. The moan was short, but loud, breaking the silence of the room. I heard my moan ring in my eardrums. I hadn't recalled hearing myself ever make that sound before and I wasn't sure why I did or where it came from.

A split second later, I heard a voice softly say, "Shhhhh."

I knew she was talking to me and I knew what that meant. I thought I had done something wrong so I did my best to hold in further moans. The roaming finger started slowly pushing inside me. It hurt at first and I couldn't help but groan in slight discomfort, but it soon started to feel good. I could feel my hips starting to sway up and down on their own accord. My body was starting to get very warm and I didn't know what was wrong with me. I was now breathing heavy like I had been running for awhile, but I hadn't so I was very confused.

I was starting to see different colors and shapes on the back of my eyelids. Bhanu's lower body was starting to rhythmically press against my left leg in unison with my body's movements. Feeling bold, I opened my eyes for a split second and saw Bhanu's face just inches from my own. I couldn't see much, but I could see that her eyes were looking right into mine. I quickly shut my eyes again. The image of her looking at me with a smile on her face had quickly burned into my vision and replaced the colors and shapes I had been seeing moments ago.

Without realizing that I had done so or even when it happened, it came to my attention that my heals were now dug into the bed and my knees were bent, pointing to the corners where the ceiling and walls met. My hips were thrusting against Bhanu's finger. I didn't want her to stop now, it felt to good. To my dismay, she did stop pressing her finger deep inside of me. The moment I felt the finger withdraw, I groaned in displeasure.

A split second later, I was moaning in response to the most pleasure my body had ever felt up to that point as Bhanu's finger slid up between my separated lips and centered it's attention on the sensitive spot toward the top of my groin. 

My eyes shot open and I let out a long, loud moan. I immediately felt Bhanu's other hand cup my mouth, attempting to quiet me. When I stopped moaning, she removed her hand and put her index finger to her lips. She said, "Shhh!!" once more.

It wasn't my fault. I wasn't making noises on purpose. It was natural response to the joyous sensations she was causing my body to feel. Her finger circled over that very sensitive spot a few times. I felt my back arch and my hips float in the air. My heart was beating so fast that I thought I was having a heart attack. I looked into her eyes with my wide open eyeballs and searched for her soul at the back of her pupils.

I didn't know why she was touching me this way, why I was feeling like this, how she was making me feel like this or what I was supposed to do about it. My mind was starting to become mush, unable to focus on any certain thought for more than a second before the thought escaped my mind. It was like trying to catch fireflies or trying to focus on a single drop of rain falling from the sky. 

I could feel my chest heaving as I gasp for breath. My nipples were aching and for some reason that I didn't understand, wanted to be touched. I had forgotten about how much I wanted her to continue sticking her finger inside me and at this moment, I didn't want her to stop touching my sensitive spot, though it was becoming more than I could handle. 

A rush of overwhelming pleasure was building up and quickly moving toward my groins. It felt like a huge wave that was coming crashing toward me while I stood in the ocean. Just before the huge wave crashed into me, I felt her hand pull away. My hips crashed down to the bed. I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to understand what just occurred.

I felt her body shuffling near me and then felt a warm wetness press against my jawline. The warm wetness moved to my cheek then to my lips. I opened my eyes momentarily and saw Bhanu kissing me, her eyes closed. Her hand had stopped moving and was resting between my groin. My hips were pressing upwards, trying to increase the pressure of her touch, to no avail.

Without even thinking about it, I was kissing her back. Her lips were so soft and warm and she kissed me different than my parents kissed me. Her kisses lasted longer and felt warmer. She sucked my bottom lip into her mouth as I kissed against her top lip. I didn't know how to kiss this way, so I just made the movements that her lips were making.

We kissed for a little while before she pulled my shirt over my head and moved her mouth to the nipple closest to her body. I could feel her breasts pressed up against my ribcage as her wet, warm lips surrounded my protruding nipple. I felt a strong sensation shoot down between my legs instantly. When I began to moan, her hand covered my mouth once more. I grabbed the pillow she was sleeping on earlier and used it to cover my mouth. I moaned hard when her free hand started to roll my other nipple between her fingers. Thankfully, the pillow muffled my sounds, otherwise my parents would have been in the bedroom within a second to see what was wrong with me.

The warmth of her lips on my nipple was awesome, coupled with the rolling fingers of my other nipple, giving my aching nipple the touch it wanted, no the touch it needed. Her other hand started pressing in and out of my labia once again. Soon, my hips were dancing against her hand once more. I could feel my inner walls grasping against her finger, trying to pull it further inside of me. My body was doing a weird dance on the bed as if I were possessed.

I felt her thumb press hard against my sensitive spot at the top of my inner labia while her finger continued pumping quickly in and out of me. All at the same time, her lips were sucking on my nipple as if she was trying to get milk. Her other hand was squeezing my other nipple hard. I could not breathe. I was becoming very scared because I didn't know what was happening to my body. 

I wanted to ask her what she was doing to me and why my body was responding this way, but I couldn't communicate with her. I felt all the muscles of my body starting to grasp hard, locking up. I wasn't sure why, but I could hear the sound of wetness between my legs. I thought I might have peed myself. I was too far gone to care at this point though.

The ocean wave was coming at me again, but this time it was ten times bigger. It was moving at a much faster pace also. I knew this wave of ecstasy was going to overcome my entire senses and it did. I suddenly felt my body begin to tremor. I was convinced that I was indeed having a seizure or stroke or even perhaps a heart attack and I was dying. I pushed Bhanu away from my very sensitive body to make everything go away. My body had enough pleasure and couldn't take any more of her touch.

My muscles had stopped clenching and now my body lay helpless on the mattress. My body felt like it was floating in the clouds. I was sure my soul had left my body and was now making its way to heaven. I could not open my eyes or move. It is strange to say, but I felt like I was melting.

Next thing I could remember, Bhanu's body was pressed against me and she was holding my body close to her. Her mouth was kissing the side of my neck slowly as my breathing began to slow down. I could feel my soul returning to my body and my thoughts return to my mind. I could only smile. 

My body was so spent that I fell back asleep in Bhanu's arms. That was the first night of our budding relationship that is now going strong for over fifteen years. I will tell you about night two very soon.