 It was early February, and surprisingly warm for Seattle. Dripping with sweat in my workout gear, I was stretching on the floor of Curves, sitting with my thighs in a wide V formation. My trainer Candace handed me a water bottle to sip, and then asked: "Frederika, I'm wondering if you could do me a favor next weekend?"

I straightened up. "What did you have in mind?"

"It's for a friend of a friend. I used to work here with another trainer named Angela, who moved to Toronto back in 2012. She's close with this other woman from Toronto named Jenna, who does private swimming lessons for older adults. Jenna just broke up with her boyfriend and got a new job with a big new assisted living facility called Pacific Horizons that's opening up in Bellevue."

"Oh, I've heard about that place," I said. "One of my friends is moving her mother into that place."

"Well, here's the deal," said Candace as I rose and began stretching out my calves against the wall. "Jenna's rented a place in Capitol Hill, sight unseen. She's only been to Seattle once before. She's getting in on Wednesday. Now, Angela asked if I could show her around Pike Place Market on Saturday afternoon, to welcome her to Seattle. But as you know, I'm already booked to fly to San Francisco with a couple of my girlfriends. It would really mean a lot to me if you -"

"Could give Jenna the guided tour?" I said with a smile. "Sure, I'd be happy to. I was planning to do a little shopping down there on Saturday anyway."

"Thanks so much! I really appreciate it," said Candace.

When Saturday rolled around, I woke up feeling excited. I stayed in bed for nearly three hours, just playing with myself, using my fingers, caressing my body, and feeling good about myself. I had the curtains of my ground-floor apartment wide open so that anyone walking by could stop and watch. I was already imagining what might happen today.

At 2 pm, I met Jenna underneath the big sign at the entrance to Pike Place Market, with the fish shop workers cheekily tossing salmon around. When I walked up, she was distractedly fiddling on her smart phone, pushing her long, black, shiny hair out of her eyes as the wind gusted.

Jenna was in her early 40's, with little laugh lines at the corner of her eyes. She wore a white lace summer top that comfortably hugged her apple-sized breasts, a pair of high-waisted, fashionably torn jeans, and open-toed sandals that showed off her deep maroon pedicure.

Naturally, I was already sizing her up as a potential new lover.

"Your tour guide has arrived," I said.

Jenna glanced up. "Oh!" she exclaimed. "I didn't see you there. Sorry, I'm so distracted. This move has just been madness. Hi, I'm Jenna."

"Frederika," I said, stepping forward to warmly embrace her. Jenna and I were eye to eye, and her nicely rounded swimmer's arms felt so good looped around my waist.

"Did your furniture arrive yet?" I asked as I led her inside the market. It was crowded but not too bad.

Jenna rolled her eyes. "Get this: they sent my couch and my futon to Sacramento. How do you do that? Unbelievable. Anyway, the dining room table and my chest-of-drawers made it. And I'm going to make a run out to IKEA next weekend to replace some of the stuff I left with Jake in Toronto."

"Jake?" I inquired.

"My ex," Jenna said.

"Did you move because of the break-up?" I inquired, as we maneuvered around a group of tourists.

"I just wanted a fresh start, I guess," Jenna said. "And my folks are planning to move out here next year as well. With Jake, it was just...a bunch of things. He wanted kids. I didn't. He made these new friends who were really into motorcycles, which is not my thing at all. We argued about money. We just drifted apart over the last four years."

"Apart from getting away from those cold winters, I think Seattle is going to be good for you," I said.

"Oh, I think so too," said Jenna. She stopped to check out some hand-crafted silver jewelry, and our bodies brushed. "By the way, I really like your outfit," she added.

"Why, thank you," I said. "I was just thinking the same about yours."

I was wearing a new, low-cut blue dress with shoulder straps. The hem fluttered just above my knees. I carried a new Burberry handbag with my Mini Wand toy tucked in an interior pocket. I also had on a pair of mid-heel Luca Ferri sandals in black leather. It was a little dressier than usual for me at Pike Place Market, but I wanted to make sure I impressed Jenna, and it warmed me to know that I was achieving my goal.

I didn't tell Jenna that I'd recently uploaded nude photos of myself on a foot fetish-themed web site, sporting only a mask, a collar, and those same Luca Ferri sandals, holding my cunt wide open with both hands and extending one foot toward the camera, with a fresh load of come trickling off the black leather.

Inside the market, Jenna leaned over the fresh produce at a farmer's stall. "You could never find cucumbers and radishes like this at my old supermarket in Etobicoke in mid-February," she said. "Fucking freezing there. What's this? Bok choy or something?" 

"Yes, it's delicious," I said, leaning into Jenna so that my nipples brushed against her back. "I usually cook it up in a stir-fry with olive oil, spices, and a little bit of lemon juice. I've been buying these big Chinese carrots lately too." I picked one up to show her. It was over a foot long.

Our eyes met and she giggled, unprompted. "Very nice."

We navigated through the crowds. I bought some grapes and strawberries that went into my string bag, while Jenna stocked up on spinach linguine, cheese, and Italian sausage at a new deli.

"God, it smells so good in here - much like your perfume, I might add," Jenna said.

I smiled as another tingle ran through me. "Thank you. It's funny. I thought I caught a hint of something in your hair myself." Casually, I leaned in, raised a lock of her black hair to my nose and inhaled. "Is that rosemary?"

Jenna put her hand on my arm. "Nice call. It's actually rosemary mint, by Aveda. I'm glad you like it."

As we headed out of the market, Jenna said: "You know, it's a nice change being able to eat what I want."

"How do you mean?"

"A few years, I was working with high-performance athletes at a rehab centre at the University of Toronto. You get around all these hard-bodied 20-somethings, there's some pressure, you know? I was swimming so much that I dropped two cup sizes. Can you believe that?"

I glanced down at Jenna's tits with unabashed admiration. "I think they're just the perfect size right now. Whatever you're eating, I wouldn't change a thing."

"Well, coming from you, that's high praise," Jenna said flirtatiously. "Yours are amazing. I would imagine guys have a hard time maintaining eye contact when you go out on the town."

"Actually, you'd be surprised. Some women are even worse." We laughed together.

I took Jenna's arm as we strolled up the hill away from glittering Elliott Bay. "Have you been dating since Jake and you split up?"

"Just a couple of misadventures on Match.com," Jenna said. "I'm always amazed when guys can't keep up a conversation for 20 minutes over coffee. How about you?"

"I'm openly bisexual," I told her, making unflinching eye contact. "I date mostly women, but sometimes I like to bring a man into the mix as well. Let's just say that I've had a very active social life lately, and I'm enjoying every minute of it."

Jenna colored, and I felt her grip my arm a little more tightly. "Wow. That's...impressive. I could definitely see you appealing to both sexes. I wish I was that bold myself. I've always been curious. I once told Jake that I wanted a threesome with another woman, but we could never agree on who to bring in."

"I can't imagine you having trouble finding a taker - of either sex - if you explore that in the future," I said. I adjusted my arm to sit comfortably around Jenna's waist. "Would you like to grab a beer with me?"

"You know what?" Jenna said. "I'm not so much of a beer drinker. But I would love a glass of red wine."

"Come back to my place," I told her. "It's just around the corner, and I picked up a bottle of Merlot at Pike and Western last time I came here."

Back at the apartment, I uncorked the wine and poured two glasses for us.

"If you don't mind, I'm just going to use your bathroom for a moment," Jenna said.

A minute later, I heard the water running, and then something crashed on the floor.

"Oh shit!" Jenna exclaimed. "I'm sorry. I hope I didn't break your...is this for your hair?"

I came into the bathroom and saw my Hitachi Magic Wand lying on the floor. I'd forgotten it in there after washing it last night.

As Jenna dried her hands, I picked it up and saw everything was intact.

"This is actually one of my favourite toys," I told Jenna. "I've been known to play with it before, after, and sometimes even during a date."

The light dawned for Jenna. "Oh my God. It's so big. Again, I just have to admire you. Do you know I've never even owned a toy?"

I brought the wand with me as we sat down in the living room, clinked our glasses, and sipped the wine. I put my arm around Jenna's shoulders, and she didn't move away. In fact, she nestled closer.

"Now why would you abstain from toys?" I inquired playfully.

"Well, I just never got around to it, I guess. Actually, that's not true. I once bought this cheap little Taiwanese vibrator at a store in downtown Toronto, and it just did nothing for me. It looked so tacky, too. And then, Jake...he didn't approve of toys in bed, basically. He thought he should be enough. And we were together, my God, nine years?"

"Well, the Hitachi Magic Wand is definitely transformational," I said. "I use mine almost every day. I've had some of my most powerful orgasms with it. Let me tell you just how much I love it. A few years ago, a girlfriend of mine started running these sex toy parties for women over 40, at private homes all over Seattle. I volunteered to come along so that I could demonstrate the use of the Hitachi in front of her groups."

Jenna was wide-eyed. "You are amazing. Did it...go well?"

"Well, watching my demos was always optional. Some of the girls could be a little shy about that sort of thing. Unlike me - I'm a born exhibitionist. But I'd say 70 or 80 percent of the women on any given night would gather around the hostess's bed to watch me stimulate my beautiful body and then come hard with that Hitachi clamped right between my thighs. We sold a LOT of Magic Wands that way."

Jenna's right tit and thigh were pressed up hard against mine. "I love this. I love hearing about this," she said in a low voice.

Needless to say, my cunt was soaked by now. I put down my wine glass, took Jenna's, and placed it on the table too.

"Have you ever made out with another woman before, Jenna?" I asked.

"Only once, in high school."

"Would you like to do it again?" Without waiting for her answer, I leaned in and kissed Jenna passionately on the mouth. Jenna showed her hunger too, responding with her lips and tongue, and throwing her arms around me.

My hands explored her body hungrily as we made out on the couch. I reached up, cupping her full tits. Her fingers slid up my thighs and caressed my smooth skin, and she kissed my neck, the scent of her hair filling my nostrils.

"You excite me so much," Jenna said between kisses. "I've been wanting to thank you over and over again for coming to see me this afternoon. I just didn't dream it would be as good as this."

"Do you feel your bisexuality coming out now, sweetheart?" I said. "Are you going to be addicted to women? Are you going to be addicted to me?"

"Yes, yes, absolutely, yes," Jenna responded.

"I want you to do something for me," I told her.

I grabbed her by the wrist and led her to my bedroom.

Moments later, we were both naked. I admired Jenna's thick triangle of black pubic hair and her hard, dark brown nipples as she kneeled on the bed next to me. I gripped the Magic Wand, plugged in and buzzing, and ran it across my fully exposed body. The curtains were still wide open, just like this morning. Just like my pussy.

Emboldened by my lack of inhibition, Jenna bent forward and smelled my pussy. "God, that's incredible," she said. She placed a soft hand on my right tit.

"I want you to stroke my nipples," I told her.

Jenna leaned in, kissed me again, and began lightly teasing and stroking my fully engorged nipples with saliva-wet fingers. She smiled at me tenderly and approvingly. I gasped because it felt so good.

"Oh shit," I moaned. "Oh fuck. I love living out my fantasies."

Jenna gently twisted my right nipple between her thumb and forefinger, and then came down to suck it deep, deep, deep into her mouth. I brought the Hitachi lower and positioned it squarely on my ready-to-explode clit. My free arm pulled Jenna closer to me.

I started to grunt, gasp, and lose control. The buzzing increased as I flicked the switch to high. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, I need to come!" I screamed out. I tightened my anus and stiffened out my legs. My hand felt between Jenna's thighs for her cunt and I grabbed it. She was drenched like me. That fucking did it. I let out a loud, animalistic cry as my orgasm swept over me: "Fuck! Oh Jesus Christ, suck my fucking tit, Jenna! Oh fuck it! Oh God! Yes!"

Jenna and I lay entangled on the bed for a long time afterwards, as I enjoyed the soothing warmth of her swimmer's body. Finally, our gazes met.

"You know, I'm glad you were my substitute tour guide today," Jenna said. We kissed again, just basking in the afterglow of a remarkable visit to Pike Place Market.