 'I have never, ever, experienced anything like it. Honestly, it was the best massage I have ever had, bar none. When I went I didn't know what to expect because Jenny wouldn't tell me. She wanted it to be a surprise, she said, and she was right there, it was a surprise all right. If I'd known in advance I probably wouldn't have gone, but I'm so glad I did. I came out feeling absolutely wonderful, and wondering what the hell had hit me at the same time. You have got to go and try it for yourself, but if you do then you'll have to be ready for a massage like none you've ever had before.' 

Carol was telling Shelley about a visit she had made to a new masseuse, recommended in turn by a friend of hers at the gym. Shelley had to admit that Carol's enthusiasm was sparking her interest.

'Ok, so what was so special?'

Carol grinned. 'I'm not going to tell you. Just go and try her for yourself. I promise you, you'll be glad you did.'

'Well tell me something at least. Just give me some indication of what I'd be letting myself in for if I did.'

'Well okay, but I can't tell you much 'cos I don't want to spoil the surprise for you either.' Carol was smiling conspiratorially again. 'The masseuse is called Mina, but I don't think that's her real name. She's mid twenties or thereabouts, so she's our sort of age and she's quite good looking. She comes from Madagascar, so she's dark - very dark actually. They say that her mother was Sri Lankan and her father came from Kenya so you can figure out the mix for yourself. I'm also told she learned her skills in Thailand, but whoever it was who taught her did a good job because she has absolutely magical hands.' Carol paused. 'One thing I must warn you is that she strips off completely the same as you do, but don't get concerned, apparently it's just to make her clients feel less self conscious. Just relax and let her do her job and you'll come out walking on air, I promise you.'

After a recommendation like that there was no way she wouldn't give Mina a try, and so a couple of weeks later she was climbing the short flight of steps, checking the address on the door against Carol's scribbled note.

The girl who answered the door answered Carol's description perfectly. She was an inch or so taller than Shelley's five-four, slim, athletic and beautiful. Her skin was dark chocolate, her hair a mass of tumbling black waves and her brown eyes smiled, caressed and flashed all at the same time. She was wearing a short wrap-around tunic in crisp green cotton, but that appeared to be all for not a hint of clothing showed from beneath it and even her feet were bare.

'Mina?' Shelley asked, her voice sounding shaky even to her own ears. Now she was here she was filled with sudden trepidation.

'Yes, I am Mina, and you are Shelley?' She stood to one side with a broad welcoming smile and indicated for Shelley to enter with a sweep of her hand.

'Thank you.' 

Mina ushered her into a room that was a strange mix between modern lounge and professional office, decorated in muted colours and softly lit by carefully placed lamps. It was a warm, reassuring space softly scented with sandalwood incense and with the background filled with gentle eastern music. The whole room was, however, dominated by the wide black and chrome massage table placed to one end, with a small table beside it filled with towels and tissues.

They sat themselves in two austere but comfortable faux leather chairs at the opposite end and Mina poured them each a glass of fruit juice from an expensive looking cut glass jug.

'I need little chat before we begin, and it will give you chance to relax a little.' Mina's attractively singsong accent was almost oriental.

Mina's 'chat' was to ask her about any allergies she might have, any injuries, old or new, and anything else that might be relevant. Had Shelley ever had a massage before and if so what kind? Did nudity bother her? Shelley answered as honestly as she could, admitting that her only earlier massages had been a couple of sports massages during her tennis playing days, from which she also had residual ankle injury. No allergies, no problems with being naked – how could she after the tennis club showers?

Shelley was pleased to be asked all these questions, it reassured her that Mina knew what she was doing, and anyway she was captivated by her warm velvet voice, her slightly gap toothed smile and her expressive hands, especially her hands, knowing that they would soon be touching her skin. The idea of those brown hands on her pale skin seemed almost artistic and all of a sudden she couldn't wait for it to begin. Even so, she was so carried away with her own thoughts that she nearly missed it when Mina pointed to the Chinese screen that stood across one corner of the room.

'If you like to undress behind there and then lie on table, I be right back. I just go to check the oil.'

Shelley walked in a dream into the designated corner and began to undress. This, she told herself, was it. Now she'd find out what Carol was gushing about. It seemed strange, almost ludicrous, that she should undress out of sight and then lie herself, open and exposed, on a table, but she was glad of the privacy. She had followed Carol's suggestion and put her hair up, pinned out of the way, but she had also done something else. She had shaved her pubes, obliged for some reason to present a smooth body to her masseuse, feeling that the half grown stubble there would have seemed somehow scruffy. She knew she'd have to go through the itchy stage again, but she still felt compelled to shave herself clean.

Naked, she came out from behind the screen feeling very vulnerable and wondering is she were suppose to lie face up or face down. She opted for face up on the grounds that the kind of forced exhibitionism involved would kill off any lingering inhibitions. She sat on the table, swung her legs up and lay with her knees together and her arms ramrod straight down by her sides, very aware that her shaven state meant that the top of her slit would be easily visible, and waited for Mina to appear.

It was as if Mina had been waiting for her to arrange herself, because no sooner was Shelley settled than she came back carrying a small bowl and wearing absolutely nothing. Shelley glanced across and then, feeling unexpectedly conscious of Mina's nudity, she deliberately looked away, staring resolutely at the ceiling and trying not to envy Mina's beautifully athletic figure. Reflecting later she realised that she must have resembled a soldier on horizontal parade, but it wasn't her own but Mina's nudity that was making her feel distinctly uncomfortable, especially as Mina herself seemed to think nothing of it. 

If she noticed Mina didn't comment, for she simply placed the bowl beside Shelley and enquired 'ready?' Shelley nodded without looking, but when nothing seemed to be happening she forced her eyes down to look. Mina was 'soaping' her hands with the oil, gazing down at Shelley as if considering where to start. Seeing Shelley's eyes on her she smiled her lovely warm smile and dipped her fingers back into the bowl. Shelley found she was smiling back despite herself.

She watched as Mina took her hand between her own shiny ones and began the massage, interlacing oily brown fingers between her own, rubbing her palm with thumb pressing in from below as her fingers rippled across the joints and bones on the back of her hand. Shelley began to relax, happy that she was in capable hands, in both senses of the word. Even the slightly musky aroma of scented massage oil seemed designed to help her unwind.

Mina worked her way silently and steadily along Shelley's arm until she reached her shoulder and then walked around the table to do the same to the other, while Shelley lay and closed her eyes, sensing rather than seeing when Mina came and stood behind her to begin on her shoulders.

At first Mina's hands stroked her shoulders in long flowing sweeps along and down under her throat, turning just above the rise of her breasts, but then, gently but firmly Mina tilted Shelley's head back a little to work on her neck and jaw, stroking her throat and smoothing her jawbone with firm pressure from her thumbs. Shelley sighed softly and lazily opened her eyes to find that, with her head tipped backwards, she was looking directly upwards along a washboard stomach to the undersides of Mina's breasts.

All of a sudden she was aware once more of both her nudity and of Mina's, and of the fact that Mina's curly black bush must be just behind her head, their different hairs almost certainly brushing together. Shelley felt herself blush at the slightly sexual overtones in her thought and tried to direct her attention back to Mina's hands, but with little success. She couldn't keep her eyes from Mina's breasts, watching their slight sway as she worked, and the firmness of two gorgeous black nipples moving ever so gently only a foot or so above her face. She felt her own nipples respond, lengthening and firming embarrassingly, and she just hoped that Mina hadn't noticed.

Seemingly oblivious to Shelley's discomfiture Mina dabbled fingers in the little bowl of oil and began massaging her upper arms from shoulder to elbow, one hand running along each, lightly squeezing and kneading Shelley's biceps, leaning forward a little as she did so and making Shelley even more aware of the dark breasts moving tantalizingly above her face. With her head still tilted slightly back, even though there was no real reason for it to remain so, Shelley found she could neither close her eyes nor take them from the firm female flesh that was so disturbingly close. She hardly noticed when Mina, having finished with her arms, started to run her hands firmly down the sides of her body, until that is, she felt her thumbs skate softly over the flesh of her breasts. 

She gasped at the sudden contact, feeling slightly uneasy but enjoying the sensation of oily thumbs sliding over her soft breasts. Mina ignored Shelley's reaction and carried on, bringing her hands slightly higher each time until her thumbs were passing over Shelley's nipples, their erect state making the sensation so much stronger. Shelley squirmed mentally, sure that Mina must be able to feel their hardness and certain that she was bound to jump to the obvious conclusion. She couldn't help herself; she was starting to enjoy Mina's massage in a very personal, almost erotic way and she was worried that the pleasure she was feeling was transmitting itself to her masseuse. She gazed upwards, trying to see if Mina's were in a similar condition but unsure if they were erect or just naturally long. She couldn't remember how they had been when Mina first appeared undressed, but then she had been to busy trying not to look at all.

Mina's hands went for more oil and when they returned they were placed directly onto Shelley's breasts. There was no pretence. Mina squeezed and fondled the soft flesh openly, slippery hands sliding over oily skin, strong fingers digging into yielding flesh and firm palms pressing hard nipples down into their breasts. Shelley tried not to react. In fact she wasn't sure how to react. Part of her wanted to push Mina away and shout 'how dare you', but another, much larger part, wanted it to continue. In any case, Shelley reassured herself, there was nothing overtly sexual about Mina's touch. She wasn't squeezing or pulling at her nipples for instance, or doing anything except massage willing flesh. In any case, Mina wasn't concentrating solely on her breasts, her hands were also going over and down, sliding onto Shelley's stomach, although all that did was bring her breasts closer to Shelley's face and make her stomach press into the back of Shelley's head. Oh god, Shelley thought, I'm enjoying this too much. Perhaps this is what Carol meant when she said she had never had a massage like it. It had to be that.

Then, abruptly, Mina's hands moved away and she walked around the table until she was at the foot, looking up at Shelley and smiling. Shelley breathed a silent sigh of both relief and regret. She was beginning to be sexually aroused and that wasn't the idea at all, but that hadn't stopped her enjoying the sensations.

Mina began massaging Shelley's feet just as she had her hands, fingers rolling between toes, under the balls of her feet, manipulating, squeezing and rubbing, all hints of anything sexual now gone in a return to a normal massage. Then she was working her way up Shelley's legs, the only difference now being that Shelley could watch her more easily, taking in those beautiful brown breasts, amazingly full for such a trim body, and just the top of a curly fuzz of black hair. All of a sudden she realised that Mina was now in the ideal position to look at her too, especially since her feet had been separated to be massaged, and she wasn't hidden under hair. But somehow it didn't seem to matter so long as her pussy didn't betray her arousal by shining wet in Mina's sight. In fact she felt curiously let down when Mina moved to one side to massage her thighs, completely ignoring the intimate flesh that Shelley was showing.

Shelley made herself loosen up again, convinced that any idea of a sexual context had been only in her own imagination and that touching her breasts like that had only been part of a very thorough massage. Certainly the way Mina was massaging her thighs was professional, the rolling, digging and kneading of her thigh muscles just the same as on the tennis club table years before. She closed her eyes, allowing the warmth of the massage relax her.

And then Mina changed position again, this time to allow her to dip both sets of fingers into the oil and then let it dribble along the tops of her thighs, before placing her hands on Shelley's thighs just above the knee and pushing slippery palms along slippery legs right up to the join, repeating the action and alarming Shelley again when she realised that Mina's thumbs were once more coming into intimate contact, This time rubbing along the outside of her labia as they reached the join of her thighs.

Shelley's eyes shot open and a little yelp of surprise and pleasure escaped her lips. The sensation of slippery thumbs gliding over smoothly shaven labia was, to put it mildly, very erotic. 

Mina dribbled a little more oil onto her legs and carried on, apparently still oblivious to Shelley's reactions, each time catching the outside of Shelley's pussy and making her stifle tiny gasps of enjoyment. Shelley closed her eyes and tried to ignore the feelings, but she became more and more convinced that Mina was pressing her thumbs harder into her labia at each pass and to her sudden shame she felt the beginnings of an orgasm stir in her pelvis. 

She didn't know what to do, she wanted to put a stop to it before anything really happened and she actually climaxed, but her mind and her body could not agree and she lay under Mina's hands, trying desperately but unsuccessfully to repress her mounting orgasm and to control the little gasps and jerks that were coming each time Mina's thumbs reached the top of her thighs. 

But it was too late to hide her state from Mina. Shelley realised that when Mina stopped massaging her thighs and just concentrated on rubbing the sides of her pussy, stimulating her clitoris by pressing her labia against it. Shelley submitted to the ultimate humiliation and let it happen, crying out loud when her orgasm finally ripped through her and then lying, trembling and ashamed on Mina's massage table.

'I'm sorry.' She gasped out eventually, raising her stricken eyes to Mina's face.

'No matter, it happen.' Mina reassured her, her friendly gap toothed smile in evidence once again. 'Roll over please, and I do your back.'

Shelley was pleased to turn over and hide her face, and pleased that Mina had understood that she needed to. She was so relieved too that Mina had simply helped her through her orgasm and then made no more of it, consigning it to the waste bin of mistakes and moving on. She lay on her stomach with her arms folded under her head and her face turned to the left, looking away from Mina.

Mina moved until she was standing at her head again, still out of sight, and began massaging Shelley's shoulders, strong fingers working firmly into tight muscle, kneading and stretching, taking out the knots and making Shelley feel relaxed once more. Her arousal had subsided with her orgasm and she was feeling more than a little bewildered as to how she had suddenly become so turned on. It must, she thought, have been the unfamiliar feel of a woman's hands on her skin combined with Mina's naked nearness. At one point she was sure that Mina's pubic hair must have brushed against the back her head, and how much closer could one get. 

She was, Shelley suddenly realised, in almost the same position again, except that she was now looking to the side. Mina was standing behind her once more, her pussy only inches from her head. If she looked she would probably be looking directly at the dark girl's sex. She had never seen a coloured girl naked before today and now she wondered what her pussy looked like. She felt her own pussy respond to the thought and a tiny throbbing need started up again. She resisted the urge to turn her head and look, and only a few moments later Mina moved right around to stand at the foot of the table and take Shelley's feet in her hands one at a time, squeezing and massaging them with her thumbs pressing into the soles from the ball of her foot to the heel on each in turn. Shelley pushed her curiosity from her mind and let herself enjoy the wonderful roller coaster of the massage, trying not to think erotic thoughts even when Mina moved onto her lower legs, parting them to give herself access and making her very aware that her pussy must now be readily visible. Right then it didn't seem to matter, even though she was normally self conscious about her long inner labia, her butterfly wings as her husband called them, but anything seemed possible and allowable on this particular massage table and she was becoming only too happy to go along with that philosophy.

She lay still and calm, relaxing as strong relaxing hands worked her way up her legs until Mina finally had to move around to the side in order to reach further. Now all of a sudden she was aware that all her body was within reach of Mina's busy fingers, and she was surprised to find that she didn't care.

Mina picked up the little bowl of oil and dabbled her fingers in it, moving closer to stand by Shelley's hips and in her peripheral vision, dribbling oil copiously it along the backs of her thighs, all over her bottom and the lower part of her back, lightly rubbing it in before repeating the action until Shelley's skin, like Mina's hands, was thoroughly wet and slippery with the still warm massage oil. So much so that Shelley could feel it running down her buttocks into her cleft, trickling over her anus and onto her pussy, making her shiver with unexpected delight.

Mina's hands began long firm sweeps along the backs of Shelley's thighs, over her bottom and onto the small of her back, sliding over oily skin, kneading the flesh and pushing her thumbs into her spine, ever moving back and forth, concentrating for a short while first on one place and then another. Shelley breathed deeply, taking in the sheer pleasure of the massage, enjoying firm hands pressing in along her thighs, rolling the softer flesh of her bottom and then manipulating her spine, loosening any tightness and bringing little grunts and sighs to her lips. Her thighs came in for particular attention, with Mina gently pushing them just a little further apart so that she could run her palms simultaneously along the inside and outside of her legs, fingertips getting so very close to Shelley's pussy at the top of each stroke. Shelley registered the proximity, but it didn't matter, all she cared about now was the wonderfully relaxing and loosening sensations of Mina's hands on her flesh, sensations that were feeding and nurturing the tiny but insistent throb in her pussy. 
