 Welcome to the Softball Team Part 3 - Triple play

Monica couldn't handle it. "This is all too much," she thought as she looked at herself in the mirror. "What am I doing here, why do I feel like this?" Her heart was beating rapidly, she was lightheaded and she could feel the inescapable sensation of wetness between her weak legs. 

"Why am I so wet?" she thought taking deep breaths. 

All of the women at the party were so open about their sexuality and she felt so strange being around them. At first she was not going to come to the party at all but she wanted to support her lesbian teammates. She felt that it was important to show your support for all women especially those that have been discriminated against, but when she had gotten here she was taken aback by how flirtatious everyone was. The way they looked at her made her feel strange inside; it was like nothing she had ever felt before. 

Then there was Brit. She barely knew Brit but she felt butterflies in her tummy just being around her. Brit played for another team and they had met at a friendly practice game about a week ago. Brit had stayed after the game and ended up asking her out. Monica had declined nicely telling Brit that she was straight but a couple of days later Brit had found her on campus and asked her out again. For a second time Monica had declined the invitation but this time Brit had stuck in her mind longer. It was hard not to think about Brit, something about her made Monica feel strange. Monica had no idea the woman that had asked her out was going to be at this party but it was not long before Brit had approached her and the two of them began talking. 

They had talked about their backgrounds, mostly about Monica's parents being Colombian and Brit being born in London. Everything seemed under control until everyone started dancing and from that moment on everything had gotten way out of control. "Why had she let Brit dance with her?" Monica thought, "All the other women were dancing and the music was really good but she was not gay. So why did she agree to dance with another woman?" Then there was Brit's accent. That sweet smooth British accent somehow just had blown her away and made her feel something she had never felt before. 

The first couple of songs were fine but when a slower song came on Brit had smiled and pulled her in close. Other women were doing the exact same thing on the dance floor and Monica did not want to hurt Brit's feelings so she let her body be pulled close to Brit. 

She was surprised at the way it made her feel to dance with another woman. She was soft yet sensual. Deep down she did not want to admit it but it felt really nice. 

As they danced the couples around them got more and more intimate kissing and grinding their bodies together. She could almost smell the sex in the air as the room filled with dancing lesbians. Brit and her bodies were so close and she could feel Brit's warm breath on her delicate neck. Her body seemed to tremble with every breath though she did not know why. 

There were two women kissing right next to them. It made her feel silly watching them kiss but she could not look away. Their lips seemed to love every wet sensual embrace. 

"Don't let Carol and Kim trouble you love." Brit whispered into her ear, "Kim broke up with her first girlfriend about two weeks ago and desperately wants Carol." 

"First girlfriend?" Monica whimpered her body trembling. 

"Yes," Brit said pulling back and smiling at Monica, "Kim came out last summer. Carol on the other hand just came out about a month ago. The two have been friends since they were in junior high school. If I had to guess both of them had secretly wanted this for a long time, but they were too embarrassed and ashamed of what it all meant. Now though everything is open to them, to share their real feelings, their real desires. The way they have always needed."

Monica watched as the two kissed deeply. It was not long before they were both whimpering loudly as they danced and kissed. 

"I can't believe they are doing that on the dance floor." Monica whispered. 

"I can't believe they held out this long. They have been so close for weeks, tip toeing around this, when all they wanted was to be together." Brit said. 

"It is so strange." Monica whispered softly not wanting to offend anyone. 

"It is not strange; it is wonderful, to tell you the truth I can't believe you're holding out either." Brit said smiling at Monica. 

"From what?" Monica whimpered. 

"From all of this," Brit said biting her lips and watching Monica closely as she slowly pushed her thigh between her dance partner's legs. 

"Ahhhh... Wait... Brit no..." Monica cried feeling the pleasure flow though her. 

Brit pushed deeply between her legs again still watching her closely evaluating every second. 

"Ahhh Ahhh no, no we shouldn't." Monica said pushing her away. 

"I can't... I shouldn't" Monica moved away looking for anywhere to go. 

She was gasping for air as she walked through the couples on the dance floor. It seemed the further she got away the more inmate they got. Women kissing and holding each other as their bodies came together. 

There was moaning too under the music it made her panic even more as her heart raced and her body shook. Monica rushed to the first doors she saw leading to the dining room. She slid open the barnyard doors hoping it would be her salvation. 

What she found was not what she expected there were two women, one on her knees looking up at another that was standing. The woman that was standing's side of her head was shaved and she looked down at the cute petite woman between her legs, "I told you we would not get though the party." The woman said smiling and laughing a bit. 

"You were right baby," the woman on her knees said almost shaking. She was so cute with shoulder length black hair and an elfin body. 

She smiled as she took off the standing woman's belt. 

The woman with the shaved sides of her head leaned down and kissed her girlfriends head. 

"You're so fucking cute." She said. 

The petite woman unbuttoned the others pants and slipped them down her body. 

Monica could see a pride tattoo on the woman's leg. It looked like rainbow flag waving in the air. 

"Take them off with your mouth," she instructed to the other woman directing her to her panties. 

The woman on her knees did as she was told, she seemed happy to obey. 

"I knew this party would turn you on. I knew once you came out and embraced yourself that all the inhibitions would fade away. Then the real fun could begin." 

Monica watched as the tattooed woman climbed up onto the table and spread her legs enthusiastically apart. 

"Now get up here and eat my pussy," she directed.

"Yes baby." The cute woman moved in eagerly between her legs and took her pussy into her lips. 

"Ahhh yes Courtney ahhh baby you're the best," the woman moaned, 

"now that you've accepted your new life, accepted who you are now, how much you love eating my cunt, how much you love being my girlfriend."

Monica could hear a whimpering, "I love this," coming from between the woman's legs. 

"I know baby, it took me so long to get you to embrace your true self but I knew it was only a matter of time. Day by day you came closer to me. Then finally you agreed to stay the night at my house. I could not believe when you called your boyfriend after watching half a seasons of the L Word with me. I knew you were hiding from it, that you were so turned on. I was not going to let you lie to yourself anymore. You were so fucking cute the way you watched me lift your dress up and spread your legs as you talked to him. When my lips found your pussy I could feel your body shaking. You listened to him talk as I made you mine." 

Monica watched wide eyed as the lesbian with the pride tattoo leaned back and began to scream in pleasure. She felt a combination of confusion and unrelieved sexual frustration come over her body. It was nearly overwhelming. She somehow took controlled of herself. Monica's body was shaking as she closed the barn doors and stubble to a bathroom marked out of order. 

She looked at her flush face in the mirror and washed her hands over and over again trying to somehow get herself clean. 

After what seemed like an eternity there was a knock on the door. 

"Are you ok? You've been in here a long time." It was Brit's voice. 

"Sorry I just..." Monica whimpered. 

"It is ok, how are you doing?" Brit asked. 

"I thought the door locked." Monica said trying to look away. 

"It was, I just unlocked it, and I'm worried about you. How are you feeling? Are you sick?" Brit asked. 

"No Brit I..." Monica turned around and Brit was looking at her deeply smiling. 

"If you're not sick why were you in here so long? And why is your body shaking." Monica watched as Brit's tongue came out of her mouth just a little. 

"I don't know I just..." Monica whimpered.

"Sorry I did what I did on the dance floor I thought you were ready." Brit said reaching out but not touching Monica. 

"I'm not... I just..." Monica whispered. 

"You sure? I think you might be a tiny bit turned on by the party, and by what happened between us, the way it felt when my thigh finally came between your legs." 

"No... I..." Monica gasped for air as she could feel her body begin to shake even more. 

"I think you are no different than the other woman at this party, relax and accept it." Brit leaned in and kissed Monica wrapping one hand around her neck. Monica instinctively kissed her back. Her body felt weak as they kissed. 

Brit slowly pushed them back further into the bathroom and closed the door behind them. 

"I'm not like them." Monica whimpered kissing Brit deeply and moving her hands around the other woman's body. She thought about the cute girl between the lesbian's legs in the dining room. Whoever she was had given herself to this lesbian woman and she seemed to love it. 

"You sure?" 

"I'm not ready." came from Monica's lips but her hands betrayed her pulling Brit into further into her body. 

Brit moved her hands down to Monica's butt and directed the Latin woman over to the counter. 

"You have such a wonderful Arse." Brit said smiling, "Look at me, look me in the eyes and tell me you're not ready for this." 

Monica opened her eyes and looked into Brits, she tried to speak the words, to tell Brit she was not ready but she couldn't, "Ohh Brit what are you doing to me?" Monica whimpered she had never felt so open to another person sexually. She usually felt in control, but with Brit she felt none. She barely knew this woman but could not help the way she made her feel. Monica began eagerly kissing Brit back letting their lips become one. 

"You're even more turned on then before." Brit said pulling back and smiling, "What happened?"

"I saw these two women. One was between the others legs." Monica whimpered though her wet lips. 

"Really? Who?" Brit said biting her lips eagerly.

"One was named Courtney. The other one I don't know. Courtney was between the other ones legs in the dining room," Monica said licking her lips eager for more kisses "She was eating her out." 

"I know them; her girlfriend's name is Rain. They have only been together a couple of weeks." Brit looked Monica deep in her eyes as she spoke, "The way it happened really makes me randy. When Rain took Monica for the first time she was on the phone talking to her boyfriend. He had to listen to her getting eaten out, to her cum, to Rain bringing her into our world. Then Rain took her phone and told him that his girlfriend was now her girlfriend. Wanker never had a chance." 

As she listened, mesmerized, Monica didn't notice Brit's fingers between her legs unbuttoning her jeans. When Monica felt Brit's fingers slipping it her jeans she whimpered, "What are you doing?" but it was too late Brit's fingers were already between her legs touching her and it instantly felt unbelievable, "AHHHH AHHHH AHHHH BRIT!!" Monica screamed holding the British woman tightly as the desire took hold of her. 

"I knew you'd be wet," Brit said smiling, "your fanny feels brilliant." 

"AHHHH AHHHHH BRIT!" Monica screamed looking down as her body filled with pleasure. 

Brit smiled and looked deep into Monica's eyes. She loved watching this Latin princess come unhinged. She had seen it with other women that joined the league but never thought she would be the one compelling a woman to accept herself. 

Then she saw Monica for the first time a week ago and it felt like fireworks. She had begged that Monica be invited to the party. Monica was not originally going to be here and she was just barely invited after another woman dropped out. 

Finally Monica screamed losing control, "UN BESITO... UN BESITO... KISS ME, PLEASE!!"

Brit leaned in and kissed Monica eagerly as wetness filled the Latin woman's panties. 

"Ahhhh Brit I've never..." Monica whimpered. 

"I know, it is ok, there is a first time for everyone." Brit smiled, "and tonight is your fucking night." 

The pleasure washed over Monica over and over again. It felt amazing letting Brit touch her like this. The couple kissed as the Monica filled with perfection. 

"You like it?" Brit said knowing the answer. 

"YES AHHH YES BRIT!" Monica screamed

Brit held her tight watching her as her body began to shake. An orgasm quickly overtook Monica, and Brit smiled eagerly knowing it was only the first of many.

"Wasn't that just jolly?" Brit said kissing her new lovers neck. 

"Ahh Brit," Monica smiled almost laughing, "I've never cum like that." 

"I bet." Brit said. 

Brit smiled and slowly zipped up Monica's jeans and buttoned them. 

"What are you? Are we? Done?" A look of total fear washed over Monica as the idea of it being over gripped her.

"You're so funny, no love I'm taking you to my flat." Brit said proudly. 

Monica blushed even deeper and looked at Brit. 

"My sweet little Latin lemon, I'm going to shag you until you can't take it anymore." Brit said proud of herself. 

"Ah Brit," Monica whimpered smiling. "Your accent makes me feel so funny inside." 

"Randy love, I'm going to fuck that tan arse of yours and you're going to love it." Brit smiled back. 

"Oh Brit, I get it, let's go, let's go now!" Monica said her body quivering. 

Monica could not help but see the glares and smiles as she came out with Brit. 

Some women smiled at them while others were still dancing and kissing. They held hands as they walked to Brits apartment. 

She could feel the sweat come down her head as they walked. She looked over to Brit over and over again watching her smile back. She felt so alive so happy and she did not want it to stop. 

It felt like forever before they got to Brit's apartment. Brit was extremely excited too and dropped her keys before finally unlocking the apartment. 

"You have no idea how much you're going to love this. You ready to be shagged like a real woman?" Brit said pulling her into her body. 

"Yes ahhh God Brit. Yes!" Monica whimpered. 

They kissed as lovers and Monica was amazed how natural it felt now that she accepted that she needed this. Brit's body felt like something she had always desired. 

"I loved it when we were bumper to bumper on the dance floor." Brit said breaking the kiss only for a second. 

"What?" Monica said whimpering. 

"I loved it when I started pushing between your legs, I loved the way that made both of us feel." 

"Ahhh Brit this is all so new to me." Monica whimpered. 

"Trust me it won't be forever," Brit smiled and pushed Monica to the wall of the entryway. She slow pushed her thigh between the Latina's legs. 

"Ahhh" Monica whimpered as she felt the contact between her thighs. 

"This is how I wanted to make you feel on the dance floor. I wanted to make you feel good. I've wanted that from the moment I saw you. When you got out of the car and walked onto the field, you are so beautiful." Brit said her body trembling. 

"Ahhh Ahhhh Brit. Why does it feel so good?" Monica cried. 

"You're a woman just like me, a lesbian just like me, just like lots of women, you know Courtney and Rain? I did not tell you the end of the story. Do you want to know?" Brit said pushing her thigh harder between Monica's legs. 

"Yes Brit... please..." Monica said almost screaming moving her hands to Brit's ass pushing her harder into her, "AHHHH, DIME AHHH DIME, PLEASE TELL ME!"

"Yes love, after Courtney came hard for Rain, Rain took the cell from her new lover's hand. She talked to Courtney's boyfriend as she took off her own pants and pushed Courtney down on the couch. He thought it was all a gag. Rain told him it wasn't as she pulled off her panties and climbed on top of his girlfriend, straddling her face. Overcome by pleasure Courtney eagerly took Rain's cunt into her lips. Rain moaned in pleasure gloating to the guy as she made Courtney hers but he still thought it was a joke. After she came hard all over Courtney's lips Rain hung up and sent him a picture of the woman he thought was his between her legs covered in her juices. He tried to call but it was too late. Rain was already taking Courtney to her room to fuck her. The phone rang over and over again as Courtney joined the team."

"Ahh God I'm so wet." Monica whimpered her body overawed. 

"Good, now can I take you to my room, and fuck you?" Brit asked smiling. 

"YES AHHH GOD BRIT YES PLEASE!!" Monica screamed. 

The two almost ran to Brit's room and Brit watched as Monica eagerly climbed onto the bed. 

Brit climbed in after her and kissed her deeply. Monica had never felt as whole as she did now. It felt so perfect the way Brit was kissing her. 

Brit reached down and pulled up on Monica's top. Monica lifted her arms and enthusiastically let her top come off her body. 

"Ahhh Brit." Monica whimpered as she felt fingertips at her bra strap. In seconds it slipped off her body.

"You're so beautiful." Brit whimpered as she climbed on top of Monica. 

Monica spread her legs and let her between as they kissed. 

it was not long before Monica felt Brit's hands pull up on her blouse. Monica eagerly lifted her arms as her top came off. Soon her bra followed and Brit's lips moved down to her breasts. 

"Ahhh Ahhhh yes ahhhh yes." Monica cried as Brits lips enjoyed her brown nipples. 

"You need this so bad."

"AHHHH BRIT YES."

Monica looked down as Brit kissed her body. She was so wet between her legs. She would have one anything that Brit had asked. 

Brit smiled as she unbuttoned Monica jeans looking down at her wonderful body. Monica lifted her ass as her jeans left her body.

"Pretty knickers." Brit said looking down at Monica's black lace panties.

"Ahhhh Thank you," Monica whimpered spreading her legs apart.

Brit kissed Monica's bare inner leg softly and slowly this time enjoying every inch of her body. "You smell so good." She whimpered. 

"Ahhhh Brit, I've never been this horny." 

Brit pulled down on Monica's black panties kissing around her pubic hair. 

"You should get used to it."

Brit moved her hands to the side of Monica's panties, "I'm randy all the time." She said gliding Monica's panties off her body. Monica happily lifted up her ass again.

"It comes with being on the team. Your twat is so pretty, you want this?" Brit asked enjoying looking at Monica. 

"Ahhhh... Si... Yes!..."

Brit smiled as she drove her lips into Monica's perfect hairy cunt. 

"AHHHH ADIOS MIO!!" Monica screamed. 

Brit moved her lips and tongue all around Monica's sweetness. She had always fancied Latin women but had never been so lucky. 

Monica looked down between her legs at Brit's big blue eyes looking up at her. She looked so pretty. Monica had been taught this was wrong when she was a child that this was a sin but it felt better than anything she had ever felt. Brit seemed to love eating her out; the couple of times a guy had done this they seemed more interested in getting their cock inside of her and never enjoyed her in this way. 
