 I remember when the story began, it was a Tuesday. Cici had just come home and she was very excited. My name is Wendy and Cici is my roommate, my best friend and we're both 20 years old. We're both Bi but prefer men, although we do have sex a lot with each other. We're the only women either of us have ever us has been with. 

And we're both small women with great bodies, great hair; mine is light brown and Cici's is a blonde, and each has a beautiful baby face. In short, we're both knock outs. We do not have any trouble getting good looking guys to fuck. But we had hit a rough patch.

That's when Cici had her "great idea" for some fun. She had rushed into the apartment, carrying a shopping bag and waved a notice in my face. I couldn't see it clearly and grabbed it so I could read it. 

She said, "What do you think? Let's to it." 

"Do what? Let me see it first." 

It was a notice about a charity fundraiser at a Lesbian Bondage Club, this Saturday night in a city two hours away. 

I looked again and cried out, "A slave sale. You want to buy a slave." 

"No silly. I want you to do it. You'll enter as a slave and be sold. Don't look at me like that. Don't worry, I'll buy you." 

"Are you kidding? I'm not doing that."

"Oh, come on Wendy. What's the big deal? And it's for charity."

"I don't know."

"Look what I bought you, here's your outfit." 

She reached into the bag and held up the outfit. 

When I saw it, I laughed, "You're kidding? That?" 

Cici said, "Look at the notice. It says slaves must be in one of three outfits; a Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit, a Sexy Maid Outfit or a Harem Girl Outfit; and no underwear. I chose this, a Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit. Here try it on." 

"Cici, I'm not doing this." 

"Go on, try it on, now." 

She said "now" like a command. 

Cici was always the more dominant one in our friendship and I always seemed to end up going along with her ideas. 

So I took the outfit and turned to go to my bedroom to change when Cici asked, "Where are you going? Just change right here." Then she added, "Slave." 

To play along I responded, "Yes Mistress."

I took my clothes off and put on the Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit. I'll admit, I did look sexy in it. 

Then Cici said, "Close your eyes Slave. Do not open them until I say to." 

I closed my eyes and heard her grab something from the bag. A moment later I felt something go around my neck. 

I started to lift my arm to feel it but Cici said, "No Slave. Stand still and keep your eyes closed." 

I than felt something on my wrists and then on my ankles. And each time I heard a faint "click" sound.

I heard her moving something. 

Then Cici said, "Open your eyes Slave." 

When I opened my eyes, I saw my reflection in our stand up mirror. I saw that I was chained up in leg irons, wrist cuffs and had a collar around my neck; and all were connected with chains. And a leash was attached to the collar. 

Cici came to me, hugged me and cried, "You look fabulous." 

I started to remove the chains but Cici slapped my butt saying, "Not yet. I need to take some pictures of you." 

"Cici, no."

"It's for the application. Chill out. Now stand up straight." 

She proceeded to take a couple head shots of me. Then Cici stepped back and took some full body shots. After a couple from the front and a couple from the side, she told me to turn around and bend over and look back at the camera. 

When she looked at them she said, "Oh, they're great pics of you. Shows you off real well."

She then said, "We should give them a couple of you in action." 

She walked over to the sofa, slid her shorts and panties off, sat down and said, "Come here Slave and lick my pussy. Seeing you in that outfit and chains is making me hot."

I responded, "Come on Cici."

"Now, and crawl to me Slave."

So, I got down on my knees and crawled to Cici, thinking to myself "why are you letting her do this to you?" 

When I reached her, Cici said, "Now eat my cunt Slave." 

And I did, and as I ate her pussy, Cici took several pics of me doing it. 

Soon she came and she said, "You are a good little pussy pleaser Wendy. A very good pussy pleaser."

Cici then got up and went to our computer and said, "Let's check out the web site. That's how we enter you in the sale."

"Cici, are you sure about this?"

"Yes, it will be fun. It's something to do, isn't it."

"I guess so."

I watched the web site come up and it said just what the flyer said. A slave auction for charity. Each Slave agrees to be the slave of their purchaser until Noon the next day. 

I thought to myself, "Well, that's not too bad." 

Then I read that a slave could opt out of the slavery for any reason and the purchases price was non-refundable. I thought, "Good, I could just leave."

Cici then noticed that there is a Sales Fee of $100 payable by both the owner and the slave. And must be paid for the application to be completed. 

She said, "That sucks. We have to pay $200."

"Well, it is for charity."

"I know but damn."

"Oh well. That's that. Can you return this stuff?"

"Wait, what's this?"

Cici had found, looking farther down the page, a reference to a Special Auction following the main auction. Also for the charity. 

She cried out, "and look. No Sales Fee to be paid."

"What's a Special Auction?"

"Oh, probably the slave has to stay for 24 hours or something, maybe for the rich set. That's what we'll do."

"Wait, read up on that. We don't know what it is."

"I'm tired of reading. It will be fine. Besides, I'm going to buy you, remember."

I should have insisted, but I didn't. It would have saved a lot of trouble.

Cici brought up the Application and started to fill it out. First she put her info, name, address and picture ID, in as the Owner. Then she put my info in as the Slave to be sold. They wanted much more info on me. Name, address, picture ID, and photos, along with my measurements and "any special talents" listed. 

"Cici, I have a bad feeling about this."

"I said we're doing it Slave. Be still." 

I turned away from the computer, I wish I hadn't. I heard Cici say something about why it did not go though. Then I heard her mumble and she started to type. Cici told me later, when she tried to submit the application, it flagged a missing part. 

The last part of the Application was a single question, "Why do you want to be a Slave?" 

Cici told me she just typed, "I want to serve a strong woman and have her use and abuse me."

Cici submitted the completed Application and in about 15 minutes, we got a reply. 

Cici said, "You're accepted. All right."

"Ya, great."

"I said it will be fine."

"Ok, now can I take this stuff off?"

"No, stay in it for the rest of the day Slave."

And I did. I stayed dressed in a Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit and kept the chains on all day, and Wednesday, and Thursday. Cici was constantly touching me and pulling on my chains. She made me eat her pussy several times a day. 

She said, "I should be ready to serve as a Slave." 

And I said, still playing along, "Yes, train me." 

She loved it. And in truth, so did I. On Friday, we washed the outfit and got our hair done.

On Friday night, Cici insisted that I should be clean shaven. 

She said, "Everyone knows that Slaves are kept with hairless pussies."

"Fine, but you have to shave yours too."

"Ok, I'll do you and then you do me."

Soon, we were both clean shaven. And both very hot, so we had sex.

It was soon Saturday and time to go to the Club for the sale. I was dressed in my Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit, without underwear, wearing the chains, leg irons, the leash and my hands cuffed; and Cici was dressed in a short black dress that barely covered her ass, also without underwear. Cici wore a long coat in the car and she allowed me to wear a long coat as well. 

The drive to the Club took 2 hours and 20 minutes. Of Course, Cici drove the car. We both left our coats in the car and we walked into the Club. I was surprised at the size of the crowd. Cici, holding me by my leash, walked to the sign up desk. 

A woman was there and said, "HI, my name is Marsha. Are you here for the sale?"

"Yes, I would like to auction off my slave."

"Your name and your Slaves name. First name only is fine."

"Cici and Wendy."

"Oh yes. I remember this one. You just got in to the sale, you were almost too late." 

"Let's check. Oh, you're a Special Sale."

Cici, "Yes, she is. No fees right."

"Right, no fees. Are you sure you know what the Special Sale is?"

I said, "What is it?"

Cici slapped my ass and said, "No talking Slave." 

Again, I should have spoken up but I didn't.

"Nicely done Cici. Just let me check her measurements and take some blood. We do a quick STD check." 

Marsha took my measurements and drew some blood and handed the vile to another worker. 

Marsha then said, "We have six other Special Sale Slaves here tonight, but none can compare to your Slave, Cici." 

Cici said, "Thank you."

I noticed that Marsha had been checking Cici out. And then Marsha said, "And you're pretty nice looking yourself Cici."

"Thank you again."

"Now, if you're sure about the Special Sale." 

She paused and then continued, "You know that this sale is for charity, right. We're trying to raise as much money as we can. Cici, why don't you enter yourself in the Special Sale too."

I said, "Yes Cici. You should to that." Smiling as I said it.

Cici was flustered. "I can't Wendy. Think about it. I'm going to buy you."

Marsha said, "Oh, I'm sorry but you are her Owner. You can't by her at the auction."

I said, "What! Cici I told something would go wrong."

Cici, "Hold on. Can I remove my name as her Owner?"

"I'm afraid not. The Application has all ready been submitted. It cannot be changed." 

Marsha paused, "Let me see." 

After a few seconds, she said, "But, you can own yourself. Just put in an Application for yourself as the Owner and as the Slave, for the Special Sale."

Cici, "I thought you said it was too late to put an Application in."

"Well, I'm in charge of Sales, so I can get it through."

Cici, "But then someone will buy us. Oh damn."

"I know. I will buy you, as a set. Oh, that will be perfect."

Cici, "You will?"

"Yes. Now let's get your Application in. First, take your clothes off."

Cici did not move, "What? Why?"

"All Slaves must have the correct Outfit on, you know that. And I happen to have an extra Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit right here. So strip out of those cloths."

Cici, "Right here?"

I said, laughing, "Go ahead Slave. Change your clothes."

She gave me a look but she took her clothes off. I noticed that Marsha only handed Cici the Outfit when she was completely nude, and people were watching. Soon Cici was in a Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit similar to mine. Marsha then came around the counter, with leg irons, wrist cuffs, a collar and chains. 

And soon, Cici was in her Slave Outfit, just like me and chained, just like me. Marsha gathered up Cici's clothes, and her purse, which had both of our ID's in it, walked back around the counter.

Going back to her computer, Marsha pulled up an Application and started to fill one out for Cici. I believe she pulled Cici's info from my Application and from her ID. And she probably copied my answer to the last question on the Application. She then came back around, with a camera and took several photos of Cici. A couple of head shots, a couple of side shots.

I said, "Don't forget to have her turn around, bend over and look at the camera. Those are the best." I smiled at Cici as I said that. She glared at me.

Marsha replied, "Oh I won't forget. Do as she just said Slave." Soon the photos were done and Marsha took Cici's measurements and drew some blood. And again handed the vile to a worker.

Soon, Marsha printed out our Applications for us to sign. 

"Ok Slaves. Sign down at the bottom. This is your Application for the Sale and your confirmation that you are entering it voluntarily and have not been coerced." 

Both Cici and I signed. 

Then Marsha brought out a different form and said, "And this is for the Special Sale. This is also stating that you are voluntarily entering the Special Sale, and again without being coerced." Again Cici and I signed.

Marsha then us to a small room. 

She said, "You will wait in here during the Main Sale. I will turn on a speaker so you can hear the auction. When it is your turn, I will come get you." 

I said, "You will buy us both? Right." 

Marsha took me by my hand and said, "You bet I will. See you soon. It'll be about an hour."

We sat in the small room and listened to the auction. I was amazed at what the Slaves went for. $1500, $1800, $2000. It was crazy. I tried not to worry. I could tell Cici was scared so I took her in my arms and reassured her that everything would be all right. Soon the Main Auction was complete. As soon as the Special Auction was to start, our speaker went silence.

It was probably only a short time, but with no sound, time goes slowly. 

Marsha finally opened the door and said, "You're up Slaves. It's all set, you are to be sold as a pair. Once on stage, be sure to follow all commands. I'll see you soon and you'll be my Slaves."

We were led onto the stage, the lights blinded us. 

We were paraded around the stage while a voice said, "These are our final two Slaves up for the Special Auction, and are being sold as a set. Just look at these two young Slaves. Guaranteed to be STD free and not be pregnant. These are new unbroken Slaves. These two are worth a lot of money." 

At one point, one of the handlers cut off our clothes leaving us nude on stage.

The bidding started and the price kept going up. Finally, at $15000. There was a winner. Because of the lights, we could not see who had bid. Nor did we hear voices, I guess they used cards to bid.

The handlers led us back to the small room. 

One of them said, "It will be a few minutes until your new Owner has paid their payment. When the payment has been made, you will be taken to their vehicle."

Cici said, "Do you think Marsha bought us?"

I said, "I don't know."

Soon the door open again and the same two handlers, well I think they were the same ones, but actually, I don't know as all the handlers had hoods on, came to us, cuffed our arms to our sides and put a hood over our heads. They then led us to the outside and into a car. While we waited, I could not hear anything. 

After what seemed like forever, a car door opened and someone got in. No one spoke. I started to ask a question but a slap on my knee told me to stay silence. Then the car started and we were off. The drive took, what seemed like, a very long time, but I had no way of telling how long of a drive it was.

When we finally came to a stop, the other person got out first and then Cici and I were helped out of the car. We were then guided into a building and led down a hallway and down a two flights of stairs and then another hallway. And in all this time, no one spoke. It was driving me crazy. I heard a door being opened and we went forward. After about 10 steps, I was stopped. 

All the restrains on me were removed and I was led forward a few steps. Someone helped me up on a table of some kind and I was made to lie down. My feet were put into stirrups and strapped into place. My arms were placed straight out and were also strapped down. Two straps per arm, one at my wrists and one at my elbows. And last, a strap across my middle. I could not move. Still no words had been spoken. With the hood still on, I could not see anything.

I could hear something being moved and soon I felt something touch my pussy. It was not a finger but something else. Then it was move back and then a hand touched me. 

A voice said, "She is wet Mistress." 

And another voice said, "This one is wet also, Mistress." 

And then a vibrator was inserted into me. It felt so good. Then I felt something being placed on my nipples. The vibrator was turned on low and the nipple devises were also turned on. I could feel my body respond to the stimulation. 

I then heard a voice, a female voice, from farther away say, "Stay with my new Slaves. Watch them carefully, do not let them come. Let them get oh so close, then back them off. Then bring them close again. Keep it up all until Noon tomorrow." 

I then heard, "Yes Mistress. It will be done."

The voice that gave the order, then said, "Welcome my new Slaves. You heard the order. By tomorrow, you each will be a lump of quivering flesh begging for release, begging me to come. Oh, yes. You will beg me to let you come. Have a good night Slaves." 

Then there was silence. Whoever was with us, never spoke again. I would get close, but the stimulation would stop. After a short time, the stimulation would start again. And then be paused. Again and again. It was never ending. I was soon in a mental fog. All my thoughts were on my Pussy and my Nipples. 

Once, I started to speak. I was going to beg for release, but I was shocked by something, a cattle prod I think it was. After that I did not speak until spoken too. The voice had been right. Soon, the smallest, the littlest touch and I would get close. I needed to come so bad. I was desperate to come.

After an endless night of denied pleasure. A voice spoke; it was the voice of she who controlled me. 

It said, "Slaves, would you like to come. Speak now." 

I heard Cici beg, "Please, let me come. Please." 

And I said, "Please, I'll do anything. Please let me come." 

"Anything? Will you be good little Slave girls? Will you obey me at all times. Will you serve me of your own free will. Will crawl to me, on your knees and beg me to accept you."

I said, "Yes. Oh Yes. Let me serve you Mistress. I'll be a good Slave. Please let me come." 

And Cici cried out, "Mistress, let me crawl to you. Please, let me serve you."

The voice said, "Let it be so. Make them come." 

As soon as she said it, the vibrator was turned on full. I had a massive orgasm. And then wave after wave, orgasm after orgasm. I passed out I think. When I came too, I was being unstrapped. They let me lie and recover, and went I thought I could. I raised myself up, with some help, and got off of the table. I looked over at Cici, she was also trying to get up. I collapsed to the floor and laid there for several minutes. I then got myself up, and I crawled to my new Mistress. I heard Cici struggling to move. 

When I got to my Mistress, I said, "Please Mistress, accept this poor Slave. Let me serve you. I will obey. I will be a good little slave girl." 

And I kissed her feet. Soon, Cici was by my side and said the same thing.

Neither of us had yet seen her face as she had kept it covered. 

She said, "It is well. I accept you as my Slaves. Be sure you are worthy of me." 

"Now look at your Mistress. Behold your Mistress."

I looked up at my new Mistress and saw, Marsha. "Mistress Marsha! You did buy us. Thank you Mistress. Thank you." 

I then said, "We didn't know it was a real Auction Mistress." 

She said, "I know, you were expensive but well worth it." 

I found out later that Marsha owned the Club and was actually very wealthy.

I have been with Mistress Marsha for 5 years now. She treats Cici and I well. While she has many Slaves, only Cici and I are used for sex. But she does use us and abuses us. She uses our bodies, for her pleasure. She watches us have sex with each other. 

She has us filmed and we are now Porn Stars. She rents us out to her friends for parties and gathering. We are the entertainment. So we are Whores. Two years ago, Mistress bought another Slave and we have appeared in many porn movies, bondage clubs and many parties. This is my life.

I am a Slut. I am a Whore. I am whatever my Mistress wants me to be. When will it end. I don't know. Only my Mistress can say.