 Cheer Us On

Prologue

The last month had been a delightful and fruitful time for the Softball League. Not only had the intermural season begun but Kelli, Rebecca and Monica had all come out openly as lesbians on campus. Each woman eagerly embraced her new life and her new girlfriend. They joined LGBT organizations on campus and came out to friends and family. They also embraced inviting other women to join the league. Most women were reluctant at first but by the end of the month each had convinced at least one of their friends to join up. Kelli convinced her friend Amy to join their team and quickly their teammate Jay took a liking to her. On the field their team had won their first game of the season and each practice the team was getting better and coming together. 

One of their other teammates Quinn had been single for a while and really wanted out of the single life. She found it frustrating watching other happy couples. Each day during softball practice the cheerleaders would walk by after their own practice. One in particular had caught Quinn's eye. She was petite and cute with long black hair. Quinn did not know her name but she just looking at her drove her wild. After practice Quinn would touch herself thinking about the woman she did not even know. She could not help it, even just looking at this woman made her feel new and alive. She would wait all practice just for the cheerleaders to walk by. It was all she could think of. She even volunteered to play outfield so that she could be closer to the sidewalk. Each day the excitement and anticipation of seeing the cute cheerleader turned her on so much and each day she would go straight home close her apartment door and slip her fingers down the front of her uniform feeling her own wet cunt. After her last breakup it was everything she needed. Eventually Quinn found out her name was Sally and that she was in one her favorite professor's classes. From there everything seemed to fall into place. 

At the beginning of the school year even the concept of two women having sex was extremely foreign to Sally. Although she did not have anything against gay people, she had grown up in a small town and the only lesbians that anyone knew were the ones that stopped for one night on the way to somewhere else. When she had gotten to college she was a little surprised how many lesbians there were around campus. It seemed like so many women here had a thing for other women and they were proud to show it. Women openly held hands and kissed on campus. What was even stranger to her was that lots of college women, that seemed straight, one day would just come out of the closet. There was a girl named Monica in her history class that a couple of weeks ago came out as gay. She could not believe it but this petite religious Latin woman went from being somewhat shy and seemly straight to being very vocal about her support for the lesbian community. Her girlfriend would wait for her after class and Sally had seen them kiss a bunch of times. Seeing the two women kiss made her feel strange. Her heart would beat faster and she got butterflies in her tummy. She told herself it was nothing. 

Sally had been a cheerleader in high school so she had joined the cheerleading squad at the beginning of the year. She enjoyed cheerleading for the connection with other women and the sisterhood that they all shared. 

Spring Quarter she was taking a woman's study class as one of her electives. Her professor was obviously a gay woman, but she was also a wonderful professor. She was open and wanted feedback and open debate from all her students which Sally found was rare among professors. She knew many of her fellow students in the class were lesbians. She did not know exactly how many but it might have been a majority of the class. Some of them teased her about being straight but they seemed to tease all the straight girls. One woman told her that they could treat her way better than any man and two even went as far as to ask her out on dates. She always refused even though she sort of liked the attention. 

One of her classmates named Gina however must have accepted one of their invitations. After a long weekend she came to class holding another woman's hand. She sat with her new girlfriend and the other lesbians proudly. It made Sally feel strange again watching Gina but this time she felt weird between her legs too. She told herself it was nothing. 

For the second assignment Sally had been assigned by her professor to write a paper about lesbian rights and sexuality but she did not know where to begin so she went to see her professor after class. 

Her professor smiled and suggested that she interview some lesbians on campus to get a better grasp of what it was like to be open and proud during college. She gave Sally the name and phone number of a woman named Quinn.

For a couple of days she did nothing, she thought she might be able to finish the paper without talking to anyone. Each day after cheerleading practice she would walk past the softball fields and see the women practicing. The rumor was that all the players were gay. She did not know if this was true or not but there was one woman in the outfield that seem to stare as they walked by. 

As the days passed she could not bring herself to make the call so she went looking online for whatever resources she could find. She copied and pasted what she could and turned in the paper on time. 

A couple days later her professor asked her to stay after class. She told her she did not do any research and it showed, and that it was close to plagiarism she would either get a D if she did not re-write the paper. 

"Do you still have Quinn's phone number?" her professor asked. 

"Yes," Sally said softly.

It took her a couple of days to work up the courage to call Quinn. Over the phone she seemed really nice and they both agreed to meet for coffee. 

She had not been in this coffee house before. It was very alternative and most of the customers in there looked a little different. The barista had bright blue hair and a rainbow bracelet. The way she smiled at her made her feel a little uncomfortable. 

"Are you Sally?" She heard a voice ask as she ordered an ice blended mocha. 

"Yes." she said turning around. When she saw who it was she was surprised. Quinn was one of the softball players she had seen on the field, the one that seemed to stare at her and her friends. 

"Good to meet you." Quinn said smiling.

"You too." Sally responded. 

"Let me order something and we can get started." Quinn said. 

Sally found an open table and sat down. She watched as Quinn went up to the counter and ordered a cup of coffee from the barista. They seemed to know each other and the barista asked if it she was on a date. Quinn told her it was just a study session. The blue haired barista looked right at Sally and asked if she could ask her out then. Quinn seemed to get a little mad and said yes she minded. 

"So you play softball?" Sally asked as Quinn sat down.

"Yes," Quinn said smiling, "How do you know?"

"I've seen you on the field after practice," Sally said taking a sip of her drink. 

"I've seen you walking by too." Quinn replied. 

They talked at the coffee shop for a long time. 

First Quinn told her about the lesbian history. That throughout history there had been many examples of strong lesbians from Sappho to Lilith. She talked about the modern rights movement and how far lesbians had come. Sally took notes as she spoke. Soon though the conversation became more about how wonderful love between two women could be, Quinn said that all women deserve so much better than life with a man. That only a woman knows another woman's body and can truly understand another. In the end only a woman can make a woman happy. Women's bodies are stunning and memorizing even to look at. We are beautiful creatures even to just to be around. Women make each other feel good and special. Sally felt her heart beat faster as Quinn spoke. Quinn continued talking about the pleasure, the extreme sexual chemistry between two women that one could not fully describe. She said that women can make each other cum over and over again that they could be both dominate and submissive within moments of each other. They can be like Lilith or like Eve, sometimes both in the same night.

Sally felt light headed as Quinn spoke. All the words seem to invade her soul and mind. She wrote fast as Quinn spoke but to her she seemed almost like her body was an empty canvas being filled. Eventually the barista came to the table smiling and asking if they wanted any food. Quinn said it was her treat and she ordered for both of them. 

As they ate Sally looked down at the questions she had written and only one remained, "How did you know you were gay?"

"I just knew by the way my best friend made me feel during puberty. I got all these feeling for her and when I started to explore my body I thought of her and not about guys. I did not really come out till college, that is very common, also lots of women that were never exposed to the idea of being gay come out in college. They just never knew that it was a possibility." Quinn said looking at Sally's lips. The way Quinn looked at her made her feel strange in the same way was Gina's coming out did. 

"You have something there." Quinn said as she reached out and wiped a piece of food from the side of Sally's lips. 

Sally felt exhilaration run though her body. She could see Quinn look at her in a new way. 

Sally quickly said that she had all that she needed and rushed out of the coffee shop. She felt her heart pounding as she walked home. No one had ever made her feel like this before. Sally wrote her entire essay that afternoon and night. It seemed to flow from her naturally. She turned it in the next day before the due date that her professor had set.

She went to cheer practice that day and all the women seemed so different she could not help but look at them in a new light. She thought about her friends that had boyfriends, would they be happier with another woman? Quinn seemed to think they would. She did not know, they liked to complain about their boyfriends sometimes but maybe that was normal, or maybe not. 

When she walked by the Softball field that day Quinn was waiting to wave at her and she waved back before she could think. Her friends asked her who it was but she just said she was helping her on a paper. Her friends joked about all the lesbians on the softball team. They made rude and mean remarks with bothered Sally but she just walked with them silently. 

Quinn was all she could think of that night so the next day she called her and lied telling her that she has some additional questions for her paper. Quinn was happy to invite her over to her apartment. When Sally arrived Quinn invite her into her bedroom where she had a desk she said Sally could write on. 

Sally felt her heart beat faster as she walked into Quinn's bedroom. Sally had never been in a lesbian's bedroom before and Quinn had a lot of pride posters in her room. There was also a rainbow flag hanging on a wall near the bed and several vintage looking book covers.

"Those are lesbian pulp fiction covers. Both men and women used to read them. They were really popular." Quinn said. 

One in particular made Sally's heart beat even faster. It had a picture of two women on a bed about to kiss and the title read "Queer Trap."

"That is one of my favorites too." Quinn said, "Why don't you come sit on my bed and we can talk." 

Sally slowly moved over and sat next to Quinn.

"Well what do you want to know?" Quinn asked pulling a hand on Sally's leg. 

Sally's body was almost shaking. "I don't know," slipped form her lips. 

"How about how it feels to kiss a woman? That is usually the first thing that happens. When another woman kisses you it is overwhelming, you start to feel warm all over. The best part though is the way it feels between your legs," Quinn moved her hand up Sally's thigh and looked deep into her eyes, "sometimes you feel a tingle first then you feel yourself getting wet. It means you need this, that you want this. That you should accept this the way so many women though out history have."

"I should go," Sally said loudly, knowing truly and for the first time exactly what Quinn was talking. She could feel it all over her body and deep between her own legs. 

Sally stood up and began to leave the room. 

"I know you already turned in your paper." Quinn frantically scared she had come on to fast. 

"What?" Sally said stopping near the door. 

"I asked professor Grayson and she told me you turned in your paper already." Quinn said moving towards her. 

"I..." Sally hesitated. Quinn was right; she had come here not because of the paper. 

"So that means you came here for another reason," Quinn said reaching out and holding her arm. 

"I don't know," Sally whimpered as Quinn pulled her body back towards her and back into the bedroom. 

Quinn smiled and moved closer to Sally watching her.

Sally backed away towards one wall of the bedroom but did not turn back to the door. 

"I'm straight." Sally said trying to look away. 

"Then why did you come back here?" Quinn asked, "You turned in your paper, and it was a very interesting paper. Some might even say I convinced you that lesbians live a more fulfilled life then straight women." 

"You read it?" Sally said watching as Quinn's body came up against hers. 

"I was the primary source so Professor Grayson sent me a copy. It seemed fair so I read it. You are going to get an A you know?" Quinn said moving her fingers up Sally's arm caressing her softly. 

"I don't know, I just... maybe I just wanted to know more, I've never met a lesbian really before now." Sally said her eyes wide open staring into Quinn's. 

"Oh I think you have," Quinn said as she leaned in and kissed Sally.

Sally could feel the pleasure wash over her body immediately and as they kissed everything Quinn had told her seemed to be true. 

"You kiss like you're gay." Quinn said smiling at her and wrapping her arms around Sally's body. 

Sally pushed Quinn away and looked again into Quinn's dark eyes breathing heavily, "I don't know, this is all new to me, I didn't come to college hook up with another girl."

"Neither did I, I came to college to find a girlfriend, that is what I need, it is what I want, I look at the other women on campus that have girlfriends and long term relationships and I feel jealous of what they have, the love and pleasure that they feel. They are so happy and I want to be too." Quinn said still holding her tight. 

"I don't know what I want anymore." Sally said letting go of Quinn. 

Quinn and Sally just stared at each other for a while. The moment seemed to last forever their bodies so close to each other. 

"Fuck it," Quinn said grabbing the back of Sally's head. 

"We both need this," she said pulling Sally into a passionate kiss. 

The kiss immediately made Sally feel wonderful again. Soon she wrapped her hands excitedly around Quinn's body. 

As they kissed both women began to whimpered and gasp for air. Their chemistry was perfect and they both opened their lips eagerly for each other.

As they kissed Quinn felt the lust and love overtake her, it had been months since she had sex and it had been more of a drunken hook up. It was not like this, a woman she deeply and truly wanted, a wonderful woman that would be a wonderful girlfriend. She had dreamed about this for months and now as she felt Sally's tongue mingle with hers she knew it was real. 

Quinn's hands moved down Sally's body to her petite ass and embraced both cheeks. 

She pulled the freshman woman into her body deeply enjoying the feeling of Sally against her. Sally's body was fucking perfect. 

"Ahhhh" Sally whimpered as she continued to excitedly kiss Quinn. She felt completely out of control, her body was flooded with so much pleasure. She had never felt anything like this before. It was like she was sitting on a cloud on a warm summer day. She finally felt free. 

"Ahhh Quinn... I've never..." Sally cried. Quinn pulled back for a second looking deep into her dilated eyes. Sally was so beautiful, so pretty, so hers. 

"I know and you're going to fucking love it." Quinn said kissing her again and slowly guiding Sally to her bed. 

They both slipped seamlessly onto the bed still kissing each other. 

Quinn was overjoyed when Sally's legs spread apart a little as she climbed on top of the cheerleader's body. 

"You're so fucking hot." Quinn said moving down and pulling up on Sally's cami. "You have no idea how much I've wanted this." She said kissing the cheerleaders soft belly.

Sally moaned as she looked down at Quinn, her wet lips kissing only inches from her pussy. She could feel herself flood with wetness. Quinn smiled and pulled up the cami over Sally's breasts. 

Quinn's eyes got wide as she looked down at Sally. 

"You have the cutest breast," Quinn said taking one into her dark lips. 

Sally looked down whimpering as Quinn's lips and tongue felt like magic on her breasts. It felt incredible, the immense pleasure washing over her body. 

All the lesbians in class had been right. Woman knew how to make another woman feel good. She had not told Quinn, she had not told anyone about the women hitting on her in her woman's study class. It made her feel so strange inside. Quinn had been different but the same. Quinn didn't make her feel like a sexual object but at the same time she made her feel so sexy. Maybe this was the way a real woman should feel, or maybe this was perverted. All she knew is that she felt like she needed this, it confused the hell out of her and deep down she wanted more than anything else the confusion to end. 

Quinn looked up and smiled enjoying both of Sally's breasts. Her nipples were perfect, small but perky and her breasts were so soft and eager. She felt Sally's fingers come behind her neck. 

"Ahhh Yes..." Sally cried, "Ahhh Quinn."

"Feels good huh?" Quinn said moving back up Sally's body.

"Yes," Sally whimpered pulling Quinn into another kiss, "So good, so amazing."

Sally's legs spread the rest away apart and then wrapped around Quinn's athletic body. 

"There you go." Quinn said between kisses. "I want you to do everything that comes natural." 

Sally's did as she was told and her hands began moving all over Quinn's body as they kissed. Their bodies began to rock in motion on Quinn's bed both women wanting more. 

Quinn sat up and pulled off her t-shirt. "You make me want this so bad Sally; you turn me on so much." She said as her bare breasts came into view. 

Sally stared up at Quinn overcome by longing and basic lust. 

"God why are you so sexy?" Sally said looking up at this tone lesbian softball player's body. 

"That sounds like something a gay girl would say," Quinn said moving back down and kissing her again. 

Quinn moved her thigh between Sally's legs as softly pushed into the cheerleader's body. She then moved up Sally's body so that her breasts were up against Sally's flush lips. It took only a moment for Sally to open her eyes moan loudly and then take a nipple into her mouth. 

"Ahhhh yes, I don't think a straight girl would do that either." Quinn whimpered as Sally's hands cupped her breasts and her lips happily sucked on her nipples. 

"Ahhh yes Sally that feels wonderful" Quinn whimpered, "You're a natural."

Quinn could feel Sally's hand moved down to her ass and as she sucked on her dark nipple she could feel the girl eagerly pulling her body deeper into her. 

"Ahhhh Sally, you need it bad baby," Quinn smiled moving down and kissing her eager pupil and pushing between her legs with her thigh harder than before as Sally moaned loudly she added, "We both finally do..."
