 I met Wendy at a neighbor's house. She was in a relationship with another woman and I met them both at the same time. But, the blond with blue eyes caught my attention. Maybe it was they way she looked at me, like she wanted to eat me up, that turned me on so much. The two didn't stay together and Wendy was soon living alone, running her own commercial cleaning business. She visited my neighbor often after the break-up, playing pool and just hanging out.

One night we played pool for quite some time while drinking tequila shots. I'm not a heavy drinker, not even a moderate drinker, so the alcohol went to work fast. It wasn't long before I was brushing up against her when walking around the table. Any opportunity to brush up against her was seen and taken. Still, she continued to look at me with those, 'I want you eyes' and my own were beginning to show the same feeling. All those balls and long sticks were an added bonus, adding to the feeling, running my hand along the length of the stick each time it was my shot, exaggerating this movement so that she could watch.

She left the table to go to the back bathroom in the master bedroom and from the end of the hall I saw her motioning for me to join her. I jumped at the chance. I met her in the master bedroom, which had a king size waterbed. She locked the door behind me and turned around to look me in the eyes. Before either of us knew it, we were locked in a deep kiss, a hungry kiss that explored each others faces and necks. I went to my knees and pulled her shirt from her pants, lifting it over her small breasts. I took a nipple in my mouth and sucked, nibbling at the edges with my teeth before taking as much of it in my mouth as possible and massaging the other with my other hand.

She pulled my head up and pushed me back on the bed. Her hands went straight for the button on my shorts, almost ripping it free as she pulled. It was rough, but exciting. My head was spinning some from the alcohol anyway. This act added to that spin. I allowed her to pull my shorts off, assisting by raising my ass in the air.

Wendy threw the shorts in the air, not caring where they landed and pulled my panties off with just as much force. My excitement was building and I tried very hard to be quiet so that the others outside the door could not hear.

I wanted to touch her, but she wouldn't let me yet. She pulled my thighs apart and buried her face into my cunt, rubbing it from side to side, up and down. I was caught up in the moment quite fast and let myself go, enjoying it immensely. It was not hard to tell she had done this before.

I looked down at her and saw her looking back at me, watching my reactions. Her mouth worked on my clit, sucking and licking, running the length of the slit and plunging into my pussy. Thrusting and thrusting, making her tongue as hard as possible, exploring as much of the inside as she could. Her hands were working at the sides of my pussy, massaging it and pulling at my big lips. She went back to my clit and pulled at it with her lips, sucking it in and out of her mouth, applying pressure with the downward movement. I was moaning in spite of my attempts to be quiet, hoping that the music outside the door would drown me out.

She sucked and licked at my clit harder. She used a finger to poke at my hole, lightly and teasingly. Then plunged it inside me as deep as it would go. I jumped with excitement as she pushed in and out of my pussy with her finger, using it to push up on my g-spot, while she sucked. She put her other hand to my ass and played around the edges, poking it lightly, finding the right time and pushed it inside. I was moving around that bed. My head was going from side to side and I felt myself getting ready to explode on her face. One more thrust in my pussy and my ass at the same time did it.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh, yessssssssssssssss, oh god, yessssssssssssssssssss."

Pussy juice flowed out and she licked at it hungrily. She continued to push her fingers into me until my reactions started to slow. She withdrew her fingers slowly and licked up the remaining juices with her tongue, getting every bit from the grooves and reaching inside with her tongue.

Putting both hands on the sides of her face, I pulled her face towards my own and used my tongue to lick up the juice from around the sides of her mouth and sucking on her lips. She put her mouth to mine and put her tongue inside, probing my own. My hands started to roam over her back and to her ass, squeezing it with force and pulling her cheeks apart with massaging strokes.

I pulled her shirt over her head, exposing her erect nipples. I could not help but lean down and put one in my mouth, nibbling and sucking hard. While my mouth worked on her breasts, my hands worked on her shorts, pulling them off her. Wendy assisted by wiggling her way out of them with enthusiasm. She was wearing a dark red thong that ran through the crack of her ass exposing her cheeks, which I started to rub again. She pulled her ass back and away from me and used her hands to pull the thong off, while I took my own shirt and bra off.

She laid down on top of me and pressed her pussy into my mine, rubbing back and forth, pulling up on the hood with each up stroke and eliciting a wet reaction from me. My pussy smacked with wetness as she rubbed against me.

I had to have a taste of her and decided I was tired of playing submissive and rolled her over and got on top of her, putting my legs to the sides of her hips. I gave her a big tongue kiss and started to work my way down her neck to her breasts, paying close attention to her hard, erect nipples with hard tongue swirls and wet, open mouth kisses swallowing most her of her small breast and applying a downward pressure.

Knowing we didn't have a lot of time, I continued to suck my way to her navel, sticking my tongue in and out, continuing down to her pubic bone and her blond pussy, which I soon discovered was verrry wet. I used my tongue to run the length of her clit and sucked on it hungrily. She moaned and moved on the bed, raising her hips. I plunged into her pussy with my whole mouth and sucked out her juice, using my tongue to bring it forward. In and out my tongue plunged into her. I raised up and found her hot knot and sucked at it, bringing my hands up to her lips and pulling them apart, massaging them from the edges with gentle movements. My fingers found her hole and I put the index fingers from both hands inside and pulled her pussy apart, exposing her hole. Withdrawing one finger, I pushed the other till it bottomed out and felt her squirm to move down on it.

"Ram it in me." she said in a raspy voice, as she watched me from the head of the bed. I did as I was told and pushed it as deep as it would go. My mouth continued to work on her clit, pushing it around from side to side, sucking it awhile and pushing it again. My other hand went up her chest and found her breast and massaged it. Deep in and out, deep in and out... She was moaning with a rhythm and I knew she was getting ready to cum, so I increased the force of my finger and sucking deeper, using my tongue to wash back and forth on her clit.

"Yesssss, harddddeerrrrrrr, yesssssss, nooooooow, yessssss, hardddderrrr...... ooooooooooooo, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

She came very hard and filled my mouth with cum as I continued to ram my finger inside her, slowly starting to pull out a little at a time.

"ooooooooooohhhhhhhh, yessssssss."

She wiggled away from my finger and pulled my face up to hers, licking at my mouth and around my lips with her hungry tongue. I loved the hell out of her licking her cunt juice from my mouth.

She kissed me deeply and rubbed her chest against my own. She moved to put her leg between my legs and rubbed at my clit.

There was a knock at the door, startling both of us into reality. Quickly we found out clothes and rushed into the bathroom, yelling we would be right out. We dressed quickly, using a damp rag to wash at our faces, although the smell was quite distinctive and noticeable to me, being right under my nose.

We played another game of pool and looked at each other the rest of the evening with knowing looks. No one ever knew about this event until I started writing this story...