 "Ahhhhhh yes!! Ahhhhh I can't believe this!!" Kelli cried, her words intertwined with loud moans escaping her 18 year old, flush, wet, freshman lips. 

"Believe it baby. This is really happening. You deserve this. You want this. This is what you've always fucking needed!" Laura screamed between the long wet kisses she placed on Kelli's poor vulnerable neck and the deep, extended thrusts she pushed between the freshman woman's deprived legs, "I'm so proud of you baby. You came early to our little pride party, you shared a romantic bottle of wine with me by the pool, you said yes when I asked you to dance... God you were so cute. Then you eagerly wrapped your hands around my body when a romantic song came on, opened your lips when we kissed, and then after all that in front of everyone you held my hand as we came up to my room." Laura moved her lips back to Kelli's biting the once innocent freshman's lower lip and looking deep into her dilated, big blue eyes. She watched as the she sank deeper and deeper towards another inspirational orgasm. "You know they all know right? They knew from the moment you eagerly took my hand and came up the stairs, even the straight ones secretly knew, you were going to let me fuck you." 

"Really?... Ahhhhhh... Ohhhhhh... I...I... ahhhh God it feels so good, ohhh yes...yes... Shit ahhh yes..." slipped from Kelli's wet lips. At 18 years old she had never been fucked like this before and it was overwhelming. Her entire body felt like it was drowning and on fire at that same time. No man had ever come close to the pleasure that Laura was giving her. All she knew is that she had never felt like this before and she wanted more. She wanted Laura to show her so much more. 

"I know how it feels baby. I know you feel so fucking good, between your legs, your entire body finally feels good. You needed this so bad sweetie. Your pussy has secretly craved this for so long and now that you're finally getting fucked by a real woman you're going to want it all the time. The second you took my hand your little straight pussy never had a chance. The second your fingers took mine I knew you were going to give yourself to me. I knew you'd fucking be mine." 

Kelli let a long loud scream escape her lips and then intuitively wrapped her legs around Laura's generous pale ass. "OH YES! Laura yes," She moaned. "It feels so good, so good! FUCK YES!! AHHHH GOD!! LAURA!!" 

"That is good baby, you're so perfect." Laura said going back to kissing her neck and fucking her sweet, wonderful new girlfriend. She had wanted Kelli since the first day of intermural softball practice. She loved her long black hair, blue eyes and feminine but strong frame. Kelli had grown stronger and more tone from the months of practice and as her body changed so did her mind and soul. Laura had even convinced her to come to the women only gym with her. Everyone on campus knew that most the gym members were lesbians but Kelli came all the same. As they worked out together, day after day, surrounded by gay women, Laura watched the way Kelli's butt had become even perkier, her thighs more athletic and her arms stronger. Strength that Laura could now enjoy as Kelli wrapped her arms around Laura's back and dug her fingernails into the skin surrounding Laura's large pride tattoo. The caption below the tattoo, "Growing Stronger" was red from her new lover's fingernails digging into her eager flesh.

"Ahh yeah, yes yes Ahhhh yeah. Ummmm good... sooooo good... It feels so good. Ahhhh Laura yes!!" Kelli moaned even louder as her body was filled in the way it had always truly desired. 

Laura was bursting with serenity as she relentlessly fucked Kelli. She had made sure Kelli had seen her pride tattoo at practice, above the caption was a strong twisting grape vine painted in all the colors of the rainbow. Laura's parents owned a vineyard and when she came out it seemed like an appropriate symbol for her sexual liberation. She had noticed how long Kelli had stared at it day after day. She had let Kelli gaze at it over and over again hoping her natural inquisitiveness would take hold. Like a vine she also hoped that the sexual curiosity in Kelli would grow, along with her need for true sexual fulfillment. The seed she had planted and watered was now a beautiful flower in full bloom. Practice had been hard on Laura for a long time watching Kelli and flirting with her in subtle ways. She did not want to scare her off, but she didn't want Kelli to think she just wanted to be friends either. Eventually she had invited her out for coffee and watched her closely as they had talked about their lives. They had talked for hours and at the end, of what Laura now knew they would both now consider their first date, the two of them had hugged. The hug had lasted a little longer than normal and Laura could feel the sexual struggle within Kelli and the lingering confusion within the young woman's body. She had fed on it and when she got home she had touched herself thinking about Kelli and how much she wanted to be with her. 

After months of practice she asked one of their teammates to bring her new femme girlfriend to cheer them on. As planned after practice the two women embraced on the field kissing each other passionately. She watched Kelli who was unable to look away from the lesbian embrace. The freshman's beautiful blue eyes focused and her lips quivered slightly as she watched the two lesbian lovers as they kissed and held each other tight. Kelli could not look away as their teammate kissed her girlfriend on the neck. Both women's hands were moving caressing and groping, it was so beautiful their two bodies almost looked as one. 

"Oh yeah, you did so good baby." The girl said. "I'm so proud of you; I can't wait to see you in real action." 

Their teammate looked at her beautiful girlfriend and said, "I can't wait to get you home. Did you wear the panties I bought you baby?" 

"Oh course sweetheart. Ah, I can't wait till we get home. God I need it all the time. I need you so bad baby." 

"Me too baby, I could just fuck you right here, in front of everyone."

The couple embraced again and Laura watched closely as Kelli's beautiful eyes dilated, her cute cheeks flushed slightly with a rosy hue and then finally the muscles in her perfect butt and legs clinched slightly. 

Laura waited for what seemed like an eternity as the couple walked away.

When Kelli's eyes finally scanned the field she came to Laura. Kelli looked right into her eyes with a needy almost pouty look on her face. It only lasted for a moment before she looked away in shame but Laura knew in that instant that the closet freshman would be hers. That the seed she had planted had taken root deep in Kelli's heart, mind and soul and that it was only a matter of time before Kelli's true self would bloom, her resistance would weaken and her legs would open for another woman. Laura had seen it before with countless freshman girls. They came to college trapped in the closet, repressing their own true sexual nature, but sooner or later they would give themselves to an experienced lesbian and their lives would change forever. Laura was very happy that Kelli had not fought the feelings welling up inside her for very long and that she had given herself to her so freely, eagerly and entirely. "YESSSS" Kelli Screamed, "AHHH YESSSS LAURA!! IT FUCKING FEELS SO GOOD!!" 

Kelli still could not quite believe how wonderful it all felt. Laura had slowly kissed every inch of her body before finally taking off her panties and pleasuring her with her soft, wet lips. It had felt like heaven when Laura's tongue had finally touched her pussy for the first time. She had dreamed of being eaten out like this. She had always blotted out the face in her fantasies telling herself that it was a guy between her legs but when she watched Laura she realized it had always been a woman. After a string of smaller orgasms, Laura had come up from between her legs her lips glistening with perfection. "You taste like heaven," she had said before kissing her lips. When Kelli tasted and smelled herself on Laura's lips she knew she would never be the same. Kelli had watched curiously as Laura went to an upper drawer to get a "treat" for them both. The treat was a pink strap-on. Kelli had watched in awe as Laura strapped the pink cock to her tone body. Laura had made her beg for it and had told her to watch closely as she slowly worked the strap-on inside of her "gorgeous cunt". Inch by inch Laura had slowly put it inside of her aching pussy while rubbing her clit and telling her how long she had wanted this. Hearing how much this wonderful woman wanted her made her feel needed in a way she had never felt before and opened her to the pleasure that was now overwhelming her body. 

Laura moved her lips to one of Laura's ear lopes and kissed it deeply then she began fucking her even harder than before. 

"YES OH GOD YESSSSS! LAURA YES YES FUCK YES!! PLEASE YES FUCK PLEASE FUCK ME PLEASE! FUCK ME HARDER!" 

When Kelli realized how loud she had been screaming she tried to muffle the noise with her hand. Laura realizing what Kelli was doing and pulled Kelli's hand from her lips.

"Scream out loud baby, you obviously like getting fucked. Let yourself scream, it will make it even better when you finally cum, please scream for me, let it go baby, let yourself go. You're so close baby, so close and I want you to cum so hard. You deserve to cum so hard." Laura looked down at her new lover; sweat was rolling down the freshman girl's forehead, her chest was bright red and her hair was a complete mess. She had never looked more beautiful or more like a real woman. 

"But they will hear." Kelli said trying to hold in the last ounce of her former self. "It feels so good, but I don't want them to hear me cum. Laura please..." 

"Kelli baby, it is ok to let them hear us. This is not about them; this is about you, and me. This is about us. This is about the wonderful woman you are becoming and the way you feel with me. The way you make me feel and the way I make you feel." Laura moved her hand to Kelli's neck and looked her deep in the eyes while continuing to fuck the younger woman's vulnerable and deprived body. She knew that her body, mind and soul were finally open, uninhibited, and ready to be bursting with her new existence. "I want you to be my girlfriend, whose little lesbian cunt, likes to get fucked. It is a wonderful thing baby to feel this way about another woman. It is what I've wanted and deep down you've needed since the first day I met you." 

As Laura looked into the freshman's eyes she could see confusion in her eyes but deeper and surrounding it was pure wonderful pleasure. Kelli tried to close her eyes and move her head to the side. 

"No you don't, look at me, look at your new lover, your new girlfriend. The woman you are going to make yours. Your body loves it; your cunt loves it, you love getting fucked by a lesbian. So what does that make you baby? What do you call a girl that loves getting fucked by another woman?" 

Kelli reached up and cupped Laura's face looking deep into her soul, it took a moment but the struggle soon faded from her eyes and only true acceptance remained "A lesbian... it makes me a lesbian." She whimpered from her flush wet quivering lips. "Ahhh Laura..." 

"That's right baby it makes you a lesbian and it makes you my girlfriend. I know it is hard at first but you don't have to hide it anymore. After tonight you have nothing to fear, you're one of us, part of our community, you're safe, so scream like one of us, scream like a good little lesbian. Scream like you're my fucking girlfriend." 

There was silence but only for a second. 

"OHHHHHH YESSS LAURA BABY YES FUCK YESSSS!..." Kelli cried. "FUCK ME YES YES BABY YESS AHHHHHHH." The moans flowing from her lips now, the façade, the fear and the lie had finally crumbled and it felt so good. 

Laura fucked her even harder enjoying every scream coming from Kelli's sweet lips. She wanted everyone downstairs to hear Kelli's cries of pleasure. She wanted all the upper-class lesbians to know that she had been the first to successfully seduce one of the new members of their league and she wanted all the closet freshman girls to know what they were missing. Hopefully Kelli was a sign of what was to come in the upcoming weeks and months. Every year lots of women came out for intermural softball in the spring not knowing everything they were in for. There were over 18 year old freshman students, transfer students and even graduate students sometimes. They advertised it as a good way to have fun, get exercise and meet new people. The women that joined the league just did not know what sort of enjoyable workout they were going to experience or what type of new people they would meet. She looked down at Kelli as her face contorted, her lips flush and her eyes dilated. Laura knew she was close to another perfect orgasm. 

"I want you to cum for me baby I want you to cum so hard all over my cock. Let yourself cum baby, good lesbians cum when they get fucked and you're such a good little lesbian." Laura looked again at Kelli, sweat coming from her face, her beautiful black hair was a mess from the sweat and she knew she had reached the edge when her eyes closed tight and her lips curled. "TELL ME WHAT YOU ARE BITCH." Laura screamed.

"I'M A LESBIAN... AHHHHHH YESSS OHHHH GOD LAURA YESSSS YESSSSSS FUCK YES!! I'M YOUR FUCKING LESBIAN... AHHHHHHHHHHHHH... FUCK LAURA YES AHHHHHH AHHHHH I CUMMING YESSSSSSS AHHHHHHH... AHHHHHHHHH THANK YOU LAURA THANK YOU AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Kelli's body rocked on the bed frantically erupting in the most magnificent orgasm of her life. Laura looked down at her lover with a splendid grin of satisfaction as she watched Kelli come over and over again. She knew that she had never experienced anything close to pleasure that they had just shared. She held her tight letting the pleasure slowly dissipate, soon Kelli would be able to handle much more pleasure before being overwhelmed but for now she slowly pulled the strap-on out of her new girlfriend's wet cunt. Looking down between her new lover's legs she knew Kelli would never again let a man inside of her. The triumph was overwhelming as she looked down at this beautiful freshman woman whose life she had forever changed. She kissed Kelli on the lips while running her fingertips up and down her body and Kelli convulsed again. 

"Good sweetie, that was so beautiful baby, I want to do that to you over and over again." Laura said with a huge smile. 

Kelli looked into her eyes with love and need, "Thank you," was all she could say.

Kelli was hers. She wrapped her arms around her new girlfriend's body, "No thank you baby." They kissed deeply over and over again as Kelli's body slowly relaxed. "Thank you for being so perfect and for opening up to me so eagerly. You are so beautiful and I love how wonderful our first time was, tell me baby, are you happy now?"

"Yes sweetheart." Kelli whimpered. "I've never felt like this."

"That is because you've never been with another woman before. You've never experienced the way love is supposed to feel. You're learning quickly though. Just like I knew you would. I want you to get on all fours and put your perfect ass in the air."  

"Yes Laura, yes baby, anything for you sweetheart," Kelli said breathing heavily but doing exactly as Laura had instructed. 

Kelli could feel the strap on against her cunt again, "and one more thing before I fuck you again."

"Yes baby..." Kelli said looking back at her new girlfriend and moving her hand between her legs to guide her lesbian lovers cock into her wet cunt. 

"Welcome to the team." Laura said as Kelli eager leaned her body back against the pink strap on and screamed.