 Downstairs at the party everyone had heard the screams coming from Laura's room even over the music. Most the experienced players in the league were secretly delighted although maybe a little jealous by Laura's new relationship with Kelli. They all knew that every practice, every game, every date, every party and most importantly every new recruit, was critical to the success of the league. This party had been precisely planed out for just a few women. Women that had never experienced love between two women but had shown signs of being more than just curious. These women were handpicked by the players. Each was told a different time to show up so that their entry into the party was staggered. Also the lesbian couples at the party held back their public displays of affection at first as not to scare any of them away. All the experienced members of the league were taught the subtle signs of a woman in the closet and each of the women that had been invited had showed signs of more than just curiosity. 

Kelli had shown the most signs so she was the first to arrive at the party. Laura had been right that she was eager to embrace her new life and her skilled seduction had quickly and effortlessly brought her into their sisterhood. 

The second woman invited was Rebecca a petite brunette who had just turned 19. She had gone to junior college for year and a half before transferring to the university at the beginning of the semester. She had only been out for softball for a couple of weeks but Sam had wanted her from the first moment she saw her on campus. She had felt this instant deep connection with her. They passed in the halls of the university several times a day. Sam had personally given Rebecca a flyer about the league several times before Rebecca had finally came to practice. She was even more delighted when she took up her invitation to the party and walked in wearing a short white dress with pink flowers on it. Sam's 21st birthday was about two weeks away and she could not ask for a better gift then having a new girlfriend to share her birthday with. Rebecca had said she was straight on several occasion but the more Sam hung out with her the more was convinced she was suppressing her true urges. As the party went on Sam's theory seemed to be correct. Rebecca was subtle but she did look at other woman in a different way than a straight woman would. She also looked at Sam as though she too had felt a connection. 

The two were talking about school over a glass of wine when the sound of Kelli's orgasm and declaration boomed though the house. A small smile came to Sam's lips as she heard the woman scream. 

"I'M A LESBIAN... AHHHHHH YESSS OHHHH GOD LAURA YESSSS YESSSSSS FUCK YES!! I'M YOUR FUCKING LESBIAN... AHHHHHHHHHHHHH... FUCK LAURA YES AHHHHHH AHHHHH I CUMMING YESSSSSSS AHHHHHHH... FUCK I'M CUMMING SHIT FUCK YES YES YES AHHHHHHHHH THANK YOU LAURA THANK YOU! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" 

The party seemed to come to a stop for a second as everyone took note of the newest women joining their team, but soon people went back to talking, drinking and dancing.

"I should go." Rebecca said. 

"Do the sounds coming from Laura's room bother you?" Sam asked trying to remain calm. She could feel wetness between her own legs as she looked at Rebecca but tried to suppress showing any sign of her own arousal. 

"Yes." Rebecca said looking down and away from Sam. 

"Every woman has a right to be happy." She said moving her hand to Rebecca's cheek and redirecting her gaze back into her own eyes. Sam looked deep into Rebecca's big brown eyes trying to gauging how she was feeling, "Kelli sounds very happy now and finally for the first time in her life sexually fulfilled." Sam had been there when Kelli had arrived at the party. Laura had her come early and the two had talked for hours before the party had even started. By the time Rebecca had arrived the two had been kissing and dancing for quite a while. Sam had watched Rebecca's body language closely when Laura escorted Kelli up to her room. She could see the curiosity in her eyes as she watched the two hand in hand walk up the stairs. Below the curiosity was something else though, something Sam knew was just beneath the surface, it was something she had seen time and time again in the woman that joined the league, the need to be sexually and spiritually fulfilled. Sam had seen countless women try to hide it, to bottle it up, but the more they suppressed their needs the more it exploded into unbridled lust. Sam believed that deep down only a woman knew how to truly satisfy another woman and that Rebecca was no different then Kelli. 

"Aren't you curious to know why Kelli feels the way she does now? Why she screamed so loud?" Sam said looking deeply into Rebecca's eyes. 

"I shouldn't be here." Rebecca said trying to look away from Sam's gaze. "I should go." 

"I think this is the perfect place for you. Do you know what it is like to be sexually fulfilled? I don't think you do, I don't think you've ever cum the way Kelli just did, did you even know that is possible? To cum like that, to know pleasure the way Kelli now does? Have you ever had an orgasm that is so good it changes your life?" Sam reached out and touched Rebecca's leg. "I have," Sam said rubbing Rebecca's leg slightly, "lots of times."

"I should go, I told my roommate I'd be home early." Rebecca said pushing Sam's hand away. 

"Why?" Sam asked, "It is still early." 

"She was worried about me going to this party. She had heard rumors." Rebecca said as she gasped for air. 

"What sort of rumors?" Sam asked touching Rebecca on the hand and smiling at her. 

"That the girls that run these parties are all fanatical lesbians, who bring straight women here to have their way with them." Rebecca whimpered. 

"Really?" Sam smiled her hand stroking Rebecca's arm warmly. 

"She said the whole softball league is like that, it is just upper-class lesbians trying to get into the pants of straight women." Rebecca looked down at her arm at Sam's fingers moving across her bare skin. "That they bring you here and make you a lesbian. That the lesbians that run these parties know how to seduce straight woman and that any straight woman that goes to these parties no matter how strong willed always leaves a lesbian. She said that was the only reason you invited me." Rebecca slow looked back into Sam's eyes.

"Well what do you think?" Sam said moving a hand behind Rebecca's neck and pulling her towards her. 

Rebecca quickly pulled away, "I think I need to go to the bathroom."

"Sure" Sam looked over to the down stairs bathroom. "The one over there has a line but there is also one upstairs in the master bedroom I'll show you where it is." 

"Ok," Rebecca said, picking up her purse.

The two walked up stairs to the stares of much of the party. When they got to the top of the stairs there were two women making out in the hall. 

Rebecca froze looking at the two beautiful young women kissing each other. 

The two embraced passionately, the short hair blond kissing the brunette bare neck. "Ahh yeah that is good baby." She said as the short haired blonds hand moved up the other woman's dress revealing her black lace panties. After a moment the blonde opened her eyes and looked directly at Rebecca. 

"Way to go Sam." said the short haired blonde smiling at Rebecca.

The brunette opened her eyes and looked over, "Yeah she is cute, really cute." 

"I'm not gay; I just have to go to the bathroom." Rebecca said trying to act shocked. 

"Sure you do." said the brunette, "Don't worry sweetie, I was just like you, I thought I was straight. Now I know better, now I know that what I need is another woman." 

"Just any woman?" The blond asked teasing her.

"I need you baby, only you." The other girl said with a smile. 

"Why don't you tell our little straight friend what happened to you." The short haired blond said holding the brunette tight. 

"It has been about a year, I was just like you. I came to a party thinking I was straight or maybe thinking that I could just resist, but she took me and made me feel so much better, she showed me who I was deep inside."

"So who are you and how do I make you feel?" The blond asked smiling at Rebecca.

"Oh baby, you make me feel so good, now that I'm with you, now that I'm open about being a lesbian. The connection you can feel with another woman is amazing." The brunette looked over at Rebecca. "Trust me let it happen and your life will get a whole lot better." 

"Just better?" the short haired woman laughed a bit as she slipped her fingers into the brunette's panties. 

"AHHH AHHHHH BABY YES AHHHH PERFECT, MY LIFE IS PERFECT AHHH AHHH YES. FUCK YES!! I LOVE YOU!!" The brunette screamed. 

The two began kissing again as the blond fingered her girlfriend. Sam watched as Rebecca stared at the couple and with a smile she reached for Rebecca's arm. 

"Sweetie, the bathroom is this way." Sam said softly. Turning around Rebecca looked up deeply into Sam's eyes. Sam smiled seeing Rebecca's dilated pupils and flush cheeks. 

When they got in the room Rebecca went into the bathroom and Sam slowly closed the door moving a concealed do not disturb sign onto the outside handle. Sam smiled looking at the bathroom door thinking about Rebecca's eyes only moments before. Sam knew that deep down Rebecca was not what she said she was. Her body had naturally reacted to the two women in the hall with arousal not disgust. She looked over to the bed hoping soon they would both be enjoying it. 

"Ok I'm ready to leave." Rebecca said coming out of the bathroom. 

"Wait," Sam grabbed Rebecca's arm "don't go yet, what is going to happen if you don't go home?" 

"My roommate will worry." Rebecca said looking at the hand on her arm. 

"Why don't you call her up and invite her over?" Sam said looking into Rebecca's eyes. 

"Really?" Rebecca said a little shocked.

"I'm sure some of my friends would love to meet her and the party is just getting started." Sam said moving closer to Rebecca.

"You mean some of your friends would love to try to seduce her." Rebecca said looking away from Sam. 

"Seduce is not the right word for what one of my friends would do to her." Sam said moving her head back to her and looking deep into Rebecca's curious eyes. "Seduction assumes corruption, ravishment, enticement and sometimes defloration." Sam's other hand moved up Rebecca's bare arm. "That is nothing. That might be ok for a man but is never enough for a woman. This party is not about seduction, it is about feminine fulfillment both sexual and spiritual. You have to have both to be truly happy. No woman will ever know what sexual fulfillment is like with a man, but another woman knows your body, what you need and desire deep down. It is not just physical, spiritually too only a Sapphic relationship can be fulfilling. You can have a deep connection with another woman, a true understanding and love. A girlfriend and someday a wife can make you happy in ways you never imagined. They can share with you true happiness, it can flow through your body like a river, making you happier and happier every day. All you have to do is let it." Sam's other hand reached for Rebecca. 

"But first you deserve sexual fulfillment," Sam said pulling Rebecca towards her, "it is your right as a woman." 

"And only you can show me that." Rebecca said pulling away. 

"No all the lesbians here can. They all know how to pleasure another woman; they know exactly how to make you cum over and over again. It might not seem like it but that is what you need, it is what your body desires. Too many women don't even know what their body is capable of feeling, that they can know so much pleasure. Only after they let pleasure into their lives will true love fill their body, mind and soul. I feel a connection with you, a real deep connection and I think you feel it to," Sam paused for a second letting everything sink in a little, "maybe I'm not attractive enough? Do you find me disgusting? I'm sure one of my friends is more beautiful in your eyes. I'll go get one of them." Sam said letting Rebecca go and leaving for the door. 

"No... stop, that is not it." Rebecca said turning back and looking into Sam's eyes with a glimmer and biting her lower lip. 

"So you do find me attractive?" Sam said watching the redness fill Rebecca's cheeks. 

"Yes you're a beautiful woman but I'm just not attracted to other women." Rebecca said but her body betrayed her again as her wet tongue came out and licked her soft lips slightly and her fingers came up to play with her hair. 

Sam smiled, "I think you're lying to me. You knew this was a lesbian party and your roommate even told you we invite girl here to seduce them. You know I'm a lesbian and that I'm attracted to you but still you came willingly to our party. Why is that?" 

"I don't know" Rebecca said tying to look away.

"You don't know why you joined a lesbian softball league willingly against your roommate's suggestion then came to a lesbian party where you knew that there would be lesbians all over you, including myself, the woman that has wanted you since the first day she saw you, the woman that you seem to have a connection with. Then you came up to this room with this big wonderful soft bed. This bed has helped lots confused woman over the years, each of them willingly and eagerly giving themselves to another woman. Your roommate is right women don't leave this house straight, but that is because deep down the ones that come were never straight to begin with. We invite women like you that don't want to be confused anymore. I think you know what I mean." 

Sam looked deep into Rebecca's eyes and, moved her hand to Rebecca's waist pulling her into her body.

"This is what you always wanted." 

Sam leaned in and kissed Rebecca softly and sensually. The chemistry flowed between them like two rivers merging. Slowly Sam lengthened her kisses until Rebecca's hands reached out and pulled Sam deeper into her excited body. "There's she is." Sam said before slipping her tongue into Rebecca's sweet lips. 

Sam's hand slowly moved to Rebecca's adorable ass as their tongues began to dance. Rebecca began to whimper between kisses as the pleasure washed over her.

"You wore such a lovely dress for me, so gorgeous just like you." Sam said pulling away and looking deep into Rebecca's eyes. 

"Ahhh Sam." Rebecca moaned before Sam kissed her passionately once again. 

Sam kissed her just like that over and over again until Rebecca was eagerly kissing her back. Rebecca's tongue and lips were quickly learning what they had always desired and it was not long before the young woman's hands were wrapped around Sam's tone lesbian body pulling her in impatiently. 

Sam got down on her knees and moved her hand all the way down Rebecca's unspoiled form. She loved the softness of Rebecca's skin. Sam could tell that each touch and caress was sending shivers up and down Rebecca's deprived body. Years of sexual repression had left her wide open to this. 

"You have wonderful body baby." Sam said taking Rebecca's shoes off and looking up at the woman whose life she was about to change forever. 

"Really?" Rebecca said whimpering and breathing heavily. "You think so?"

"Yes baby, I've wanted to do this a since we met." Sam slowly moved back up Rebecca's body caressing the back of Rebecca's legs and thighs all the way up to her perfect little ass. Rebecca's body visibly shook as she felt the lesbian touch her naked skin. Sam smiled and then kissed Rebecca as she caressed her perky little butt. The experienced lesbian then slowly and skillfully repositioned her legs so one of them came between Rebecca's thighs. As she massaged both of her ass cheeks she gradually nudged her thigh further and further between Rebecca's legs. Soon Sam's upper thigh was against Rebecca's curious pussy. Sam held Rebecca's ass tightly as she finally pushed deeply between her legs. 

"Ahhhh" Rebecca moaned breaking the kiss as she felt the contact between her excited legs, "Sam... I'm... not... supposed to... ahhhhh Sam" Sam looked deep into Rebecca's eyes as the pleasure quickly engulfed her, "Wow... Ahhhh ahhhhh... that... feels... it feels... fuck Sam... AHHHH OHHH... Sam... oh wow... that feels so good..." Rebecca cried. 

"Of course it does," Sam said with a little triumph in her voice, "I know exactly what your body needs; I know how to make you feel good. I know we can be so good together. Look at me, look into my eyes baby."

Rebecca did as she was told looking deep into Sam's eyes. For the first time she let herself see the soul of the beautiful woman in front of her filling her with desire. She knew Sam wanted her, she knew Sam wanted to show her so many things, things she had been storing, things she had been hiding away, things she could no longer ignore. 

"This is just the beginning baby you're going to love this so much. You have no idea how wonderful your body is or how much pleasure we can share."

Sam continued to grind against the young woman as she slowly slipped the top of her dress down revealing the loveliest little breasts. "Wow" she whimpered. "You're so beautiful," Sam said moving one hand down to cup Rebecca's breast softly. 

"Oh God," Rebecca moaned, "Fuck... SAM AHHHHH."

"Looks like you're enjoying yourself?" Sam said looking down at Rebecca's eager nipple. "I knew you would." 

"I don't know," Rebecca said whimpering, "I'm so confused... we are going so fast... It feels so good but..." 

"What confuses you?" Sam asked with a wicked smile on her face. 

"Does this confuse you?" Sam asked leaning down and taking a blissful nipple into her soft wet lips. 

"Ahhhhh Ahhhhh, Wow," Rebecca moaned as Sam's wet tongue worked magic on her sensitive breast. "Ahhhh, yes, yes, ahhhh ohhh ahhh SAM YESS!! SAM AHHHH SAM!!" Sam smiled as she felt Rebecca's hand on the back of her head, playing with her short hair, for the first time. This was the moment she had wanted for so long, to hear her name screamed from Rebecca wet lips, in that moment she knew Rebecca was finally hers. Sam pulled back looking Rebecca deep in her eyes and saw that finally the desire had completely and unquestionably overwhelmed the woman's young body.

"Aahhhhhh Sam, yes." Rebecca moaned moving in and kissing her lips. 

"Rebecca," Sam said smiling. "You're so beautiful." She slipped Rebecca's dress further down so that she was finally naked from the waist up. She licking her fingertips and embraced each breast over and over again watching the pleasure mount in Rebecca's needy body. 

"You like that?" Sam asked as Rebecca moaned in pleasure. 

"AHHH YES." Rebecca said pulling Sam back into her lips. 

During the passion of the next bunch of kisses Sam felt Rebecca's hand move from her side all the way down to touch her ass. 

"You like my ass baby?" Sam asked with a smile.

Rebecca smiled back, "Yes. Sam it feels so nice."

"I knew you'd like this." Sam smiled and moved over to the bed. She reached down and pulled her own shirt off. Rebecca looked over at her with a needy look in her eyes. Without a word she followed Sam to the bed and leaned down to kiss her. Sam smiled and guided Rebecca's fingers around her body to unclasp her bra. Sam smiled proudly as Rebecca looked at her with lust. She let Rebecca gaze at her bare breasts for a moment and then watched as this woman, who said she was straight, leaned over and slowly took one of her nipples into her wet lips. Sam moaned loudly then whimpered "Good...ahhhh I'm glad you like them ohhh God you're good at that, so good at that baby." Sam ran her fingers though Rebecca's long hair, "Perfect so perfect your lips are wonderful, so natural on my breasts. You're making me wet baby, so wet between my legs." 
