  All characters are above the age of 18 unless otherwise specified. 

This series is inspired by the request from reader Penny, and is based partially on true events. 

*********

The last box was unpacked. I was finally done.

I hated moving. We didn't move all that often, but it was always such a nightmare whenever we did. Usually it resulted in a house chock full of boxes for months afterwards, still waiting to be opened.

This time, I had decided that enough was enough. I rolled up my sleeves, cracked my knuckles, and got to work. Four days of continuous labor later, and our new house was completely ready.

My husband had gotten a great opportunity to move to a new company location and get a big promotion. The pay increase was very nice as well. Sadly, that meant a move across half the country. Both of our children were out of the house by now, but still, all of my close friends were left behind, and I was not the most bubbly and outgoing person, so making new ones would be difficult. 

We had moved into suburbia, in a small subdivision with four other nearly identical homes. Something told me all the women would be stay-at-home moms named Karen with three kids and a golden retriever. Not exactly my idea of friend material.

The last item out of the boxes was a long, narrow mirror that I had decided to hang in the living room. I had it next to a coat closet, just in case either my husband or I wanted to see how a coat looked.

My eyes travelled over my own body. I had reached the ripe age of 50, but looked quite a few years younger in the face, something which I was very happy to receive compliments about. At 5'10", I was very tall for a woman, and I was very proud to be curvy and full-bodied as well, a true BBW. 

Much of my weight went right to my thick butt and DD boobs. They had naturally begun to sag a little with age, but my husband still worshipped them the same as he did 20 years ago. 

My slightly curly black hair came down to my shoulders, mirroring my dark brown, nearly black eyes. High cheekbones, red lips, and a small chin finished off my pleasant, almost naive appearance.

The unfamiliar sound of the doorbell cut short my staring. I went to the front door to receive my visitor.

I opened the door to find a woman standing in front of me. She looked to be in her mid-40s. She was surprisingly tall as well, only slightly shorter than me in her flats. Her dirty blonde hair was cut short and styled to one side, making her look a lot like Robin Wright in the beginning of House of Cards. She had a dominant sense about her, like she would argue with your manager and keep going up the corporate chain until she got what she wanted.

"Hi!" she started in a voice that sounded almost fake-nice. "I should introduce myself. I'm Holly, your new next-door neighbor."

She extended her hand. I gently shook it.

"Lovely to meet you. I'm Penny."

Holly smiled for just barely long enough to make it awkward, and for me to figure out what she wanted.

"Please, come in."

"Oh, thank you."

She walked in and I escorted her to our living room. She sat down on one of the chairs, and I sat opposite her on the sofa.

"You've already made this place look really nice," she said. "Do you need any help unpacking or decorating?"

"No, actually. You're just a little bit late." Something told me that was very intentional on her part. "I ground it out and got it all done."

"Wow, that's quite impressive. I take it your husband's at work?"

"You would be correct. Are you married?"

"Oh yes. But Matt's a businessman, so he's overseas a lot. I find myself with an empty house more often than not these days."

"No kids?"

"Certainly for me." Holly had a great figure that certainly suggested she hadn't ever gone through childbirth. "Yourself?"

"Two. Both of them have left the house by now already."

"How lovely. Although, I suppose some people get empty nest syndrome, don't they?"

"Well, it does feel a bit odd to have the house to myself for most of the day after so many years of clutter and sports practices and everything."

"Yes, I can imagine."

We sat in silence for just a few seconds, but I felt the need to break it.

"Would you like something to drink?"

"Oh, that would be wonderful."

"I have coffee, tea, water..."

"Well, I would ask for something stronger, but I won't impose. Tea sounds lovely."

I stood up and walked into the kitchen to put on the water.

"You have such a lovely home," Holly shouted out, as if she didn't have one surely close to the same.

"Thank you," I said, walking back into the room.

"I'm sure you'll come to love it here. All five of the homes have couples in them. You'll love the rest of the ladies. We're a very close-knit community."

My cynicism was telling me that they were all surely judgmental and secretly resented each other. But it did actually sound like a good way to meet some new people and get to know our neighbors better."

"Like our own little family," Holly continued. "And this house was sitting empty for so long, so we're very glad to have a new couple. Especially with such a beautiful woman as yourself joining us."

I blushed at her flattery. "Oh, I'm sure you're just buttering me up."

"No, I mean it. You seem so confident and sexy. And I do believe you're wearing a rather expensive bra right now, so clearly you have good taste in the finer things as well."

I suddenly became aware that I was only wearing a silk robe and my underwear. I had gotten dressed up to give my husband a good morning present, with the promise of more fun at night. I hadn't even realized that I hadn't changed by the time I opened the door for Holly. As I had walked around and opened boxes, the front of the robe had opened a fair amount, and a good part of my bra was now visible.

I was close to mortified. "Oh god, I'm so sorry. I should have thrown on something more presentable when you got here."

"On the contrary. You have such a gorgeous body, you shouldn't be ashamed to show it off. I do want to see your bra, it looks so pretty. Do you know what company it is?"

"Um, I don't remember. It's a gift. I've had it for years."

"Well, it suits you very well. And I must say, you do have some fantastic breasts. I wish mine were as big as yours."

"Um, thanks," I answered. My cheeks and chest were burning red from embarrassment. 

Holly stood up out of her chair and walked over to me. I was still standing, so we were at an equal level.

"Could you take your robe off?"

"Sh... Sure." I stammered. I undid the knot in front and shrugged it off my shoulders. I suddenly felt very cold, with only my bra and panties on. 

Holly kept walking right behind me. I remained frozen in place, unsure of how to react. Her warm breath beat down on my neck.

I was not a particularly sexual or slutty person. I could sometimes become a little wild, but that was only when I was extremely turned on. Otherwise, I was shy and rather naive. Holly's dominant personality was certainly controlling the room right now.

Shivers ran down my spine when her fingers touched my upper arm. Her fingers kept moving to my chest, just tickling my skin. My heart was beating rapidly, my breath quickening.

Holly's fingers reached my bra, and she ran them over the lace fabric. When her fingertips were both close to my cleavage, she brought her hands down and cupped my breasts. I drew my breath in, and Holly lightly squeezed my boobs.

It was then that I realized how wet my pussy had become. It was aching, throbbing for the attention it craved. I was too horny for my own good right now. I couldn't remember the last time I had been this turned on. And now, here I was. My panties had a wet spot on them, all from the simple touch of a woman.

"What about your tea?" I whispered. It seemed kind of stupid to ask, but I needed something to cling to the nervous and timid personality that my horniness was slowly peeling away.

"Tea can wait," Holly whispered back, her lips just an inch from my right ear. "This can't."

Her fingers travelled up again to the cusp of my bra. I had goosebumps on my skin wherever Holly touched. Right now, that was the very top of my breasts.

Slowly, Holly began to push her fingers into my skin and slide them beneath my bra. I could hear each rapid pulse of my heart, and felt the fire in my pussy burn more ardently.

Holly's hands were inside my bra, and her fingers brushed against my nipples. My 

large nipples were very sensitive, and they were already very erect. Holly took each hardening nub between her respective thumb and fore-finger. She pinched my nipples and rolled them between her fingers, making them fully hard and rigid. 

A low moan escaped my lips. 

"Hmm, you like that don't you?" Holly whispered.

It was taking all of my will to prevent myself from reaching a hand down into my panties and rubbing myself to an amazing orgasm. My knees were close to buckling as is.

"Mm-hmm," I whimpered back.

"I know," came her whispered response. "Let's get this bra off of you, shall we?"

Her hands withdrew from my breasts momentarily, leaving my prominent nipples rubbing against the fabric. Holly's hands traced over my back to the clasp. I felt the elastic relax when she undid the bra, and her hands nudged the straps over my shoulders.

The bra fell to the floor, and a sudden rush of air hit my nipples. Holly reached around again and began pinching and playing with my pink nubs.

"Have you ever been with a woman before?" Holly asked into my ear.

"Uh-uh," I quietly responded. I was still incredibly nervous and uncertain about what was about to happen. Holly was definitely doing her best to bring me out of that shell.

"There's a first time for everything."

She gave another firm squeeze to my big breasts before taking her hands away.

Holly circled round in front of me and stood a foot away. Our eyes were on almost the same plane. She cocked her head slightly, leaned forward, and planted her lips on my own frozen mouth. Holly's lips were soft and full and delicate. It was such a passionate and tender kiss, so different than what I was used to from men.

As Holly continued to kiss me, her hands moved back up to my big boobs. She groped them both again, and began squeezing my large nipples. I felt her tongue pressing against my mouth. Instinctively, I parted my lips and let her tongue slide inside.

Before I knew it, I had begun to respond to Holly's kiss. My hands moved to her hips, holding her close to me. I extended my tongue out, and they engaged in a beautiful dance as we remained intertwined. Holly had certainly succeeded in opening me up to her. I was horny enough at this point to do just about anything for her. The naive, shy me was gone, replaced by a horny, willing inner slut.

We held that position for over a minute, content to explore each others mouths. Holly was the one who broke our kiss.

"I think I've got something else you can use your tongue on," she mused. I knew what she was referring to.

Holly stepped back and sat down in her chair again. She was wearing a rather conservative sweater and loose skirt. As she sat down, she pulled the skirt up to her hips and spread her legs wide, resting them on the arms of the chair.

"Get on your knees," Holly instructed. Her voice was dominant, but somehow still comforting. I couldn't resist her. I dropped down to my knees in front of her chair, ready to open up a side of myself that hadn't ever been explored before.

Staring back at me was Holly's pussy. Evidently she had gone commando today. Her lips were pink and plump, with just a hint of wetness adorning them. A big triangle of curly blonde hair adorned the area above her pussy. I had a bush as well, but my husband preferred me very hairy, so I almost never shaved. Holly, on the other hand, looked like she put a lot of work into properly trimming her own bush into the proper shape.

"Come here," Holly said. I crawled forward on all fours, right up to the chair. Her butt was resting on the edge, her sweet twat now only inches away from my head. I could faintly detect the odor of pussy in the air. I hadn't ever smelled one other than my own, disregarding the occasional gym locker room.

Holly reached down and ran her hand over my cheek. 

"You're going to make such a good little pet," she remarked. Before I had a chance to react or do anything else, her hand moved to the back of my head. She applied pressure, and I found myself being pulled right into her box.

My lips pressed right against Holly's clit, as if I were kissing it. My nose was buried in her bush. 

"Suck on my clit," she said. "Use your tongue. Think of how you like being eaten."

My husband did love feasting on my pussy, and was damned good at it too. Hopefully I'd picked up some tricks from him. I opened my mouth a little more, and sealed my lips around Holly's clit. I sucked in, remembering what I liked. 

A small moan escaped from Holly's mouth. I flicked my tongue out, running it quickly over her erect button.

"Fuck yeah, Penny. You're gonna be great at this," she said. "I can just tell."

I moved my tongue back over Holly's hard clit. Her stomach tensed up a little every time I did, so I knew I was clearly doing something right. I tried developing dome sort of rhythm, and began circling my tongue around her clit. My cheeks continued lightly sucking on it, providing more pressure.

"Yes, keep doing just that," Holly moaned. I looked up at her. She was cupping her boobs through her sweater. It was difficult to size her up, but she looked to have pretty average boobs, maybe a C. Her eyes were closed, and her head was thrown back against the chair. For once, she didn't look poised and totally in control. But I had no doubt in my mind that whatever she said would be done.

I tried moving my tongue faster over Holly's clit and sucking a little harder as well. I realized how much my mouth was beginning to ache. Eating someone out took a lot more work than giving a blowjob. I suddenly had way more respect for all those guys devoted to eating pussy.

I maintained my pace for the next few minutes, bringing Holly closer and closer to an orgasm. Her moans grew louder, and I felt more juices trickle onto her labia, which pressed against my chin.

"Fuck, that's good," she groaned. "I really need to cum," she breathlessly stated. "Take two of your fingers and start fucking me with them," she commanded.

I moved a hand to her pussy. I briefly considered stopping my oral efforts on her clit to lube up my fingers with saliva, but her pussy seemed pretty wet as it was.

The tip of my index finger pressed against Holly's opening. I pushed in, an dit was swallowed up easily. I kept pushing until the whole finger was in Holly's snatch. She moaned, and ground her hips down onto my face, egging me on for more.

I was more than happy to comply. I pushed my middle finger against Holly's hole, and it too was easily accommodated. Her twat gripped onto my fingers, clearly very close to its climax.

I began slowly pumping the fingers in and out of Holly's pussy, sliding them against her walls. 

"Faster," she said. I picked up my pace, thrusting the digits back and forth, back and forth, like a small cock.

"Faster!" Holly cried again. I was eager to please, so I really let her have it. My fingers pulled almost all the way out and then slammed back in. I kept going, faster and faster each time.

My fingers became a blur, fucking Holly's wet pussy. They made a squishing noise against her opening each time. She was extremely wet, and right on the verge of cumming.

"Fucking finger my cunt like you fucking mean it!" Holly yelled out.

Thr only thing I could think to do was insert a third finger. Without missing s beat, I slipped my ring finger in as well and kept fucking her pussy. My tongue moved faster as well, trying to keep up with the frenetic pace set by my hand.

"Oh fuck yes, here it comes! Here it comes!"

My tongue pressed down on her clit and I slammed all three fingers in one last time.

"Yes! I'm fucking cumming!" Holly announced.

Her body convulsed and shook in my chair. Her pussy squeezed and contracted around the fingers before releasing her sticky secretions out. I finally moved my mouth from her clit, stretching out my sore jaw.

Holly's face was bright red, and her chest was still heaving. I was quite proud of how strongly I had made her climax.

"How did you like that?" she asked, still very much recovering from the powerful orgasm. 

"Well, I can't believe it's taken me 50 years to eat pussy, but no time like the present, I suppose."

"Or the future," Holly replied with a wink. "Don't think this will be your only time using that gifted tongue. You're already very good for a lesbian virgin."

"What do you think my husband will say if he finds out?"

"I don't know," Holly said as she returned her legs to normal and pushed her dress back down. I noticed a nee stain on the chair right beneath her pussy. That would have to be cleaned. "I will say this though. Not many men I've known have complained about their wife having some extracurricular lesbian fun, especially in our neighborhood."

Seeing my curious expression, she continued. "Oh, you didn't think I was the only bi wife here? I told you, we're a very close community."

"So who are the other wives?"

"That's a great question. What are you doing tomorrow morning?"

I thought for a moment. "Nothing actually."

"Well isn't that convenient? I'm throwing a brunch for all the ladies of the neighborhood. We do it all the time. And this will be your first one. It'll be a great chance to meet the other girls as well."

I could feel excitement creeping in. I really wanted to explore my new-found enthusiasm for pussy, and Holly certainly seemed to be suggesting three more women to sample.

"I will be certain to be there!" I eagerly said.

"I'm sure you will. Now you need an orgasm too before I leave, don't you?"

A smile adorned my face. I picked myself up off the floor and moved to the sofa.

"Wait, what are you doing?" Holly asked.

"Getting on the couch so you could eat me out."

Holly rolled her eyes. "Sorry. My fault. I forgot to explain. The other ladies call me a pillow princess. I don't lick pussies myself. No, I'm going to have a little more fun than that." 

She paused and narrowed her eyes, as if in thought, for a moment.

"Back on the floor. Sit down and spread your legs. Oh and take off your panties first."

I stood up off the couch and did as Holly instructed. I got back on the ground and leaned back against the bottom of my couch for back support. My legs were splayed wide, leaving me completely naked and exposed.

"Wow," Holly remarked as she sat forward in her seat. I felt her eyes tracing over the unkempt bush of thick black hair above and around my pussy and adorning my lips. "I see someone is bringing back the '80s."

I blushed. "My husband likes it."

"Well, I do have to admit that the all-natural look does have some allure. Go on. I can see how wet you are. Make yourself cum for me."

I got even wetter just thinking about Holly's command.

My hand trailed down my body until it reached just above my pussy. Holly gave the slightest nod, and I immediately plunged in.

I was hornier than I could ever remember. One finger slipped into my pussy while my thumb rubbed my clit. My pussy ached for more. I pushed a second finger i. I found my g-spot and began ramming my fingers down on it with each thrust.

My back arched, my face looking up to the ceiling. With my free hand, I was cupping my big tits. My entire body seemed on fire, and the orgasm was coming on like an unstoppable avalanche.

Two wasn't enough. I needed more. I needed to cum. I needed to fully reveal myself up to Holly. I cupped my boob and brought it up to my mouth. They were easily big enough that I could lick my own nipples. I took my nipple in my mouth and sucked down hard, unable to control the carnal desire flowing through my body, right to my core.
