 Melissa was hurrying through the Charlotte International Airport to catch her connecting flight before pausing to check the departures board for her gate assignment. "Shit!" she said as the flight to Miami showed the status of "Delayed". She had been looking forward to the trip to Miami with her girlfriends for months and now she was stuck in Charlotte.

Her best friend Lori had called her up back in November to propose the idea. "Melissa, this is just what you need. You have been working too many hours and not going out! How long has it been since you had fun?" Lori said.

"I don't know. I have so much to do. I can't just take off like that!" Melissa replied.

"Look, I already called the rest of the Bratz Pack and everyone else is psyched! Come on, Miami in February! You know what Baltimore is like in February! Think about 85 degrees, cold fruity drinks, and smoking hot guys!" Lori replied.

"Oh, I don't know. It sounds great and all but I need to think about it." Melissa answered.

"How long has it been since you got laid? You are practically a nun now! We are taking you to Miami and that's that." Lori said.

Now Melissa was stuck at Charlotte waiting for the Miami flight. "Well, at least they have a cute bar here. I can have a warm up drink while I wait."

Melissa walked over to the "First in Flight Lounge" which had a huge mobile over the bar with all types of model airplanes. The mobile moved slowly making the models look like they were really flying around the bar. Melissa giggled at the thought. "I feel like Fay Ray with the planes circling. All I need now is King Kong to carry me off!" she thought.

After ordering a light beer, Melissa settled in to people watch. She always enjoyed watching people and wondering what they were thinking as they moved through life. She liked to make up short stories about what their lives were like.

She had been nursing the light beer for 20 minutes or so when an attractive man approached the bar. Melissa was drawn to his dark hair with a hint of grey at the temples, broad shoulders, trim middle and cute butt. He looked like a man who was confident in himself and took pride in the way he looked. His clothes were well fitting, shoes polished, and a easy smile was on his face. Melissa was almost embarrassed at the way she mentally undressed him. "God, it HAS been a long time since I got laid!" she chuckled to herself.

The man walked up to the bar right next to Melissa and shook hands with the bartender before ordering a Stella Artois. It was obvious he was a regular as he and the bartender chatted for a moment. The bartender moved off to help another patron as the man took the first taste of his beer. He was even more attractive up close and Melissa felt butterflies as she caught a whiff of his cologne. It had a slightly musky smell and was quite manly.

The man glanced over at Melissa and gave a quick smile. "I could not wait to have a cold one" he said. "It was a long day at the office and a drink was in order!"

Melissa replied "My plane was delayed so I thought what the heck -- I'm on vacation! Why not get a beer?" Inwardly Melissa cringed at her own words. Why do I always get so nervous talking to guys! That sounded so stupid!

The man smiled again and extended his hand. "My name's Jim. What's yours?"

"Melissa. I am from Baltimore." she replied as she shook his hand.

His hand was large and the grip was strong but controlled. She felt herself get even more nervous at his touch. "It's nice to meet you Melissa. It's not often I get to have a drink with such a pretty girl." Jim said.

Melissa blushed and replied "Oh, come on. I'm not that pretty."

Jim quickly answered, "Come on! Don't put yourself down. You look great! You even have a tan in February." Melissa had been at the tanning salon for a month before the trip so she did not burn in Miami. She had even tanned naked so she would not have tan lines. Melissa blushed again at this thought.

"I am headed down to Miami to meet my girlfriends. We are having a girl's party trip." she said.

"That sounds great!" Jim answered. "I hate to say this, but I have to run. It was great meeting you Melissa." he said.

"It was great meeting you too!" Melissa answered as he walked away. "Shit!" she thought. "I should have asked for his number or e-mail address! Oh well, that might have made me look desperate." Melissa thought with a sigh.

She looked up and noticed the flight to Miami was now boarding so she finished the last of her beer and hurried off to the gate.

Melissa stepped out of the airport in Miami into the bright south Florida sun. It was 85 degrees and an ocean breeze was gently blowing. "This is living." she thought as the sun caressed her face.

About that time a bright red Mustang convertible pulled up to the curb with a screech.

"It's about time! The bitches are all here!" yelled Lori with a grin.

Melissa put her bag in the trunk and jumped into the passenger seat. The other girls in the back were already laughing and calling out to the businessmen leaving the airport.

"Hey there stud! Think you can handle four women at once?" they hooted.

Melissa was a bit embarrassed at the display but again reminded herself this was supposed to be a wild trip with the girls.

Lori leaned over and surprised her with a wet kiss on the lips. "We are going to tear this place up!" Lori said. "I hope you didn't bring panties because you are not going to need them!" the cute blond quipped with a smile.

Lori stomped the accelerator of the Mustang and laughed as the tires squealed before they bit in for a forceful takeoff. The girls all screamed and put their arms up in the air as the car roared away from the airport and into the Florida landscape. Melissa thought to herself "What have I gotten myself into?"

Lori brought the Mustang to a screeching stop in front of the Park Central Hotel on Miami Beach. Melissa marveled at the art deco design of the grand old hotel as they got out and headed for the front desk. The group headed straight for the elevators and Lori used a special key to select the Penthouse floor.

"We have a room near the penthouse?" Melissa asked.

Lori replied with a laugh "No, we HAVE the penthouse!"

The doors opened and the girls walked out into the most amazing room Melissa had ever seen. The view from the balcony was an unobstructed ocean scene. A grand piano was in the main room and bed rooms were off a grand hallway. The kitchen was larger than Melissa's apartment in Canton!

"How can we afford this?" Melissa asked Lori.

Lori replied "Don't you worry about a thing. When my husband found out I wanted to go to Miami for a week he threw the money at me to get out of his hair. I think the bastard is planning on having one of his whores over while I'm gone anyway."

Melissa went into one of the huge bedrooms and put her stuff away. The bed was a California King and took up a huge space in the room. "Who would even need a bed this big?" she thought to herself.

The girls went down the beach and hung out for a while. The bright sun and rum drinks helped relax Melissa. After a while she was just as bad as the others and joined in teasing the pool boys and waiters with provocative comments. Lori even went so far as to flash one of the poor boys a quick view of her D cup tits.

"Lori! You're going to get us in trouble!" Melissa yelled.

"Come on, we are here for F-U-N! We're hitting the clubs tonight and nothing is going to stop the party train!" Lori replied.

The other girls yelled their agreement and held the glasses up for a toast. Melissa joined in and thought "Yeah, I deserve to cut loose a bit." as she raised her glass to the others.

As the sun set and the breeze shifted, the girls headed up to the room for dinner and a night of partying. Melissa had a pleasant buzz going she could feel all the way down to her pussy. All the sexy talk on the beach and the antics by the other girls made her start to get turned on.

As she changed out of her swimsuit for a shower, she could not help touching her clit just a little. The touch sent another quick shock through her and she felt her pussy get a little wetter.

"Damn. I have to relax! This is going to be a long night and I don't want to waste one minute." She stepped into the shower and luxuriated in the warm spray as she started to wash her hair.

The rushing water of the shower masked the sound of the bathroom door opening and then closing again. Melissa had her eyes closed while she rinsed the shampoo out of her hair and did not see the person climb into the shower with her. 

Suddenly, Melissa felt soapy hands on her back and jumped.

"I thought you might need some help in here." she heard Lori say from behind her.

Lori rubbed soap on Melissa's shoulders and back down again. Melissa didn't know if it was the sun or the booze but she did not tell Lori to stop. "You like that don't you?" Lori said as Melissa felt her friend rub those large breasts against her back.

"Ummm..." was all Melissa could say.

Lori chuckled to herself as her hands strayed down to soap Melissa's tight ass cheeks. "Just relax and I will take care of everything. You deserve to relax -- you're on vacation."

Melissa had conflicting thoughts about this. "I don't know if I should be doing this. I like guys! This feels really good though..." she thought to herself.

Lori's hands began soaping Melissa's tits as she rubbed her pussy against Melissa's ass. Melissa felt Lori kiss her neck as the soft hands rubbed lower onto her tight stomach. "You feel great, baby. Let Lori make you feel good." Lori whispered into her ear. Melissa felt the tip of a finger begin to circle her clit. A moan escaped from her lips as Lori flicked her tongue against her earlobe.

The girls squirmed against each other as Lori played with Melissa's clit. After a while, Melissa felt Lori push two fingers into her pussy. The fingers easily slipped into the sopping wetness and Lori moaned at the tight pussy squeezing her fingers. "It has been a while hasn't it" she whispered into Melissa's ear.

Melissa reached back to find her friends pussy and began to slowly rub Lori's clit. "Let's rinse off, baby. I want to taste you..." Lori said. She turned Melissa around and washed off all the soap. As Lori wrapped her arms around Melissa, she could feel their nipples touching and the hot mound of Lori's pussy against hers. 

Lori reached down and squeezed her sweet ass. "You have a sweet body, baby" Lori said as she leaned in for a kiss. Melissa felt her friends tongue push insistently into her mouth. With a sigh, she opened herself and allowed her own tongue to dance with Lori's. The feel of Lori's wet body rubbing against her and the act of kissing her best friend was almost more than she could take.

Lori put a bath towel down on the shelf around the large tub. The hot spray from the shower created a fog in the room giving it an almost magical feel.

Melissa felt Lori position her on the towel and encouraged her to lie back. Her friend's hands were lifting Melissa's legs up and she felt them rest on Lori's shoulders as her friend moved her head between her thighs.

Melissa sighed as she felt a quick flick of Lori's tongue across her clit. Lori began to circle around her clit pausing to flick it every so often before licking down to taste her flowing pussy juice. Melissa could feel her orgasm building and could not believe she was enjoying this with her best friend!

After a while Melissa felt a finger slowly push its way into her pussy. The finger moved in and out before being joined by a second. The feel of the fingers slowly fucking her and her clit being licked was almost more than she could take.

One of her hands reached down and her fingers tangled in Lori's hair. Melissa guided her friend and pulled her closer so she could lick harder. Lori pulled back with a chuckle and said "Oh no, you can't cum yet. I want to feel you lick my pussy first!" 

Melissa had never done anything like this before and was not sure if she could. "I...I don't know if I know how." Melissa stammered.

"Don't worry. I will teach you." Lori replied with a grin as she switched places with Melissa.

Melissa lowered her head down toward Lori's now wet pussy. She could smell the sweet juices of her friend and almost without knowing she did it, she flicked her tongue out to capture some as it dripped from Lori's pussy. Lori reached down and placed a hand on the top of Melissa's head.

"Just point your tongue and run it around my clit gently." Lori instructed. Melissa did as her friend directed and a moan escaped Lori.

After a while, Lori said "Now, lick down and let your tongue push into my pussy." Again, Melissa obeyed and as if in a dream she felt her tongue slipping into Lori's wet pussy. The taste of Lori's juices made Melissa almost faint with desire. Almost on its own her tongue began to lick and taste her friend's juices. Melissa tried to push further into Lori's pussy to get even more of the sweet nectar.

This was almost more than Lori could stand. With a slight smile she instructed her new student, "Now, I want you to lick my ass. I want you to fuck me in the ass with your tongue."

Melissa could hardly believe she was moving to obey the order from her friend. The throbbing in her pussy grew stronger as she felt herself begin to flick her tongue around Lori's tight asshole. 

Lori moaned and squirmed as Melissa flattened her tongue and lapped at her asshole. She could not believe Melissa was not resisting anymore. After a moment, she felt Melissa point her tongue and force it in her ass. Lori arched her back and moaned at the feeling. Melissa was going deeper and deeper into her ass. It was incredible! Lori knew she could not last like this long but did not want Melissa to stop.

After a minute, Lori could not stand any more. She reached down and pulled Melissa from between her legs. "We are going to cum together now baby. I want to you fuck me like a man would."

At this, Lori positioned Melissa on the towel and scissored their legs together. This allowed Lori to push her clit against Melissa's and feels her pussy rub at the same time. The two women began to thrust and rub together. Lori leaned down and kissed Melissa deeply. Their tongues twisted and battled as their orgasms got closer and closer.

Suddenly, Melissa moaned loudly and arched her back. Almost at the same time, Lori felt her own orgasm crash over her. The juices of their pussies mingled before dripping down the tub and into the still running shower.

As they were drying off, Melissa said to Lori "That was great. I have never done anything like that before."

Lori replied "You were great, baby. That is just the way to start out a night on the town. We've taken the edge off so we can focus on finding some cock to play with!" she said with a laugh.

Melissa laughed and thought to herself "That would be great alright. After a workout like that, a hard cock would be nice right about now." It surprised her how aggressive that sounded. This was nothing like something she would normally think! "Oh well, this is vacation!" Melissa thought with a chuckle.