 Hi, my names Wendy, I hate my name. Wendy, God it sounds so damn… well… girly. I know I am a girl but I’m damn sure not some pussy little cunt bitch Wendy. Sorry, I need to breathe… I’m in a bad mood, its five thirty a.m. right now.

And it’s Wednesday to boot, God do I hate Wednesday. Mondays are my good days, and Friday of course. I get cranky on Wednesday because I haven’t had sex. And at the same time I think, 

“It’s Wednesday! You can’t have sex today! Or tomorrow! You have to wait until Friday night, if you’re lucky!”

Perhaps I should take a moment. You know my name (damn it) so I’ll skip that. Unless you need to hear it again? You making fun of me? Shut up! Stop laughing at me… ya bastard. Okay girl breathe… okay.

So yeah I’m a dyke, I know it and I like it. I wasn’t always; I used to be pretty different. I had long hair, now it’s short. I had big tits, but they’ve shrunk since I started working out. I’m short, always having been. I used to love skirts, now I love to pull ‘em off girls when I’m ready to fuck ‘em.

I always have sex on the weekends because I’m busy with work. Yes, every night Monday though Thursday. Mondays and Tuesdays are okay cause I just had sex on the weekend.  God why does today have to be Wednesday?

I was just getting dressed for work. Holding my panties in my hand got this started, fucking shit. But anyway, I started thinking about the type of sluts I like… to sum it up in as few words as possible: submissive. Oh, and willing to be fucked by another girl of course. That’s all I need. But let me tell ya, sometimes they’re hard to find. 

But I’m diligent. I prowl the bars all night Friday, looking for the perfect girl. I do it again Saturday, and again until ten p.m. Sunday. More often than not I find a girl. There’s plenty of fish in the sea, right? But sometimes my long search is in vain, and I can’t just go home and face another week without sex, I couldn’t deal with that.

So at ten I fall back on Sam. It’s short for Samantha, God I love her name… for people to call me Sam… shit, or any boy’s name. I mean when one of my sults cries out “Oh God Wendy!” its just not… I don’t know, but anyway…

Sam’s pretty hot, and it’s hard to find a real good looking prostitute. So I don’t look around anymore I just go to her, besides she lives in my apartment. In fact, she lives across the hall. I’ve begun to think we should be roommates. I could pay the rent and she’d service me. But then she’d be bringing in guys all the time…

I thought about her dark skin, her long legs… she lets her hair grow down to her waist… I had to call her now. I had an hour, besides I’m the boss (with my attitude how could I not be). One time they wanted to “promote” me to a higher paying job, but I would have been working under someone else. I didn’t even need to know who it was. 

No way I’m gonna be under somebody! I worked for years to be at the top of my department. Why leave now? I didn’t need money, I enjoyed ruling over my department with an iron fist to much.

I reached for the phone, and then I realized, “Hey stupid she lives across the hall!” So I walked out into the hall half naked and banged on her door.

“What the hell? Is it the police?” she was an idiot. “Wake the fuck up and get over to my apartment!” 

“What do you want at this hour sugar?” She irritated me sometimes. “Well I could yell it out but I think the old women in room eight sixteen doesn’t yet know you’re a…”

The door opened and out staggered a sleepy (and likely hung over) Sam. I took her arm and half led half dragged her into my room. I led her to my room and threw her on the floor.

“Let me get awake first girl…” Sam muttered. 

I dug though my stuff and got out two of my smaller vibrators and my strap on. I felt good holding them and I slowed down.

“Okay… you know what I like Samantha.” 

I sat on the edge of the bed and beckoned her over to me. She crawled over (staying on her knees where she knew I wanted her) and sat with her face inches from my pussy. I smiled. I loved this moment, right before a girl sucks on my ass. Having my ass eaten is my favorite way to start. 

I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her face to my asshole. She stuck out her tongue and circled my anus. I moaned my encouragement. She pushed her tongue against my hole, lightly at first, then harder. My ass squeezed her tongue and she buried her face in my ass, pushing her tongue in hard now. 

It slipped in, “Oh God, that’s it you little whore, move it around, argh, Oh God, yeah, do it…” She pushed her tongue in as deep as it would go, then she swirled it around, “God that feels so good…” She started to kiss my asshole then, a wonderful French kiss for my ass. She sucked on my hole with her mouth while she flicked he tongue around.  

She reached up and took one of my vibrators. Removing her month from my ass she slowly pushed it in, when it was buried to the hilt she slowly pulled it out, then back in, out… I shuddered I with pleasure, she knew my first orgasm was coming and she turned on the vibrator.  Then she moved her face up to my cunt, which was by now dripping wet. She let her tongue hang out, looking into my eyes. Then she put it to the bottom of my slit and licked straight up to my clit, taking it into her mouth she sucked on it. Pulled it gently with her teeth, “Put it in me bitch, do it now…” I handed her the vibrator and she turn it on. Sam pushed the tip against my clit and spun it around. “Oh God, don’t do that… argh, its too much…” She pushed it against my clit harder. 

So I slapped her, hard. She fell back on the floor, smiling. She knew I couldn’t stand the thing right on my clit, but she also knew how much hotter I get when I’m angry. I took my little love machine back and shoved it right up my cunt. With both vibrators in me now I fell back on the bed and lay back, loving the incredible feeling. 

Sam got up and put her mouth back on my cunt, licking me around the vibrator, then back down to my ass, “Oh God yes you fucking whore, ah, God, lick my ass, yes… God it feels so good…” I came hard, Sam sat back and let me twist around on the bed, lost in my own little world… but not for long, this was just how I liked to begin.

I reached down and changed the setting on my little lovers to low. Then I put on my strap on and patted the bed. Sam got up and obediently lay on the bed. I sat on top of her and pushed my rubber cock in her face. She went to work on it like the pro she is. Its wonderful for me to watch a little bitch girl like Sam suck my cock.

She licked from the bottom of the shaft up, took the head in her mouth, sucked on the balls. God that gets me hot. With both vibrators still buzzing inside me I could have watched her for hours, but I had to get to work. In more ways then one. 

“That’s enough bitch…” I moved back to the foot of the bed. “…turn over.” Sam rolled over on her stomach like the good little slut she is and held her ass up for me. Her ass is so beautiful. I reached out and slid my hand down her crack, across her ass and down to her bush, I wanted to lick her so bad, but I couldn’t do it because it would be like submitting, and I never be submissive in bed. Not for one minute.

But Sam helped me out. “Lick my ass please boss…” Her acting is great.

I slapped her on the ass hard as I could. “What was that bitch?”

“Please, lick my ass, I want to feel your tongue on my ass.”

I slapped her again. “You want me to lick your dirty ass! You whore… I think you need a spanking!”

“No Wendy please…” God! She used my name! Now I was pissed, and as I said that gets me HOT. 

I moved up to her side and ran my hand over her ass gently, “You know, maybe I will have a taste…” I ran my finger over her asshole slowly. Then I pulled back my hand and smacked her ass again and again.

“Ah! No, please Wendy!” That bitch. I beat her until my hand was sore. She had her head in her pillow. Satisfied with her pain I moved back behind her. I lowered my face to her ass slowly and tentatively stuck out my tongue. My hands gripped her swollen ass checks and squeezed. She pulled her face from her pillow and whimpered.

I pushed my tongue into her ass and began to French kiss it the way she had done me. I got into it. I pushed my tongue in and out as fast as I could.

“Oh God thank you master… Oh yes please, my pussy, eat my pussy.” I moved one hand from her ass to her bush. I pinched her clit between my fingers and loved the way she moaned. With some effort I pulled my mouth off her ass. Then, with ease I picked her up and turned her over. 

She had a wonderful cunt, I lowered my face to it and started licking it up and down. I pushed one finger into her cunt, which squeezed my finger. I can never believe how tight she is. Doesn’t she spend all day getting fucked? 

Thinking of fucking made me eager for the grand finale. I crawled up to her face and kissed her on the lips. That’s my way of establishing “Hey, I’m on top, I’ve got the dick, get ready to get fucked.”

I reached down to my cunt and turn up the vibrators to high. Now I was ready. I slammed my rubber cock into her pussy in one stroke, I love the look on a sluts face me I enter them hard.

My little lovers were driving me nuts so I started fucking her as hard and fast as I could. She knew by now to beg for more. 

“Oh, God… yes, fuck me… more… oh God I love your cock. The other boys are nothing compared to you… fuck me harder… God…”

I love that talk, I began to cum and I struggled to keep my pace. Ounce that orgasm was done I flipped Sam back over on her stomach.

“Yes master please… you know I love it in the ass…” I gave it to her. Her ass was tighter then her cunt but I forced it in. I was starting to get tired and she noticed. “Oh… Wendy yes I love your big cock.” The mention of my name made me start fucking her in the ass with all my normal vigor.

I didn’t want to cum, I wanted this bitch to know who was in charge. I grasped a handful of her hair and pull her head back. “AHH! Fuck yes baby screw me! I’m coming baby!” She put one of her hands on her cunt and started fingering herself in earnest. She was really having a hell of an orgasm. Her whole body shuddered under me. I came again, my whole body was covered in sweat. I fell on top of Sam, my cock buried in her ass.

“That one’s on the house if I can sleep in this bed.” 

“Sure.” I got off her and took a cold shower. Then I got dressed as fast as I could and headed to work. Twenty minutes late and no one said a damn thing. I smiled. They knew their place.  “Maybe every Wednesday should start this way.” I said to myself when I was alone in my office.

Then the door to my office opened, shit. Some little bastard employee had a problem they wanted Boss Woman to fix. I’d fix them all right. But then Jobe walked in. 

“Oh, I’m glad its you Joe, I thought it was somebody that worked for me.” I’m always making remarks like that to Jobe. He’s the resident PR man and I’m always saying he doesn’t really have a job here he just gets paid to show up.

He’s a weird guy. He’s so strange in fact that though I despise most men (and women who won’t let me screw them) he’s an easy guy for even me to be with and I have to admit I don’t have that many friends. People say I have an anger problem… bastards. 

“Did you have sex before you came in today?” I was shocked. “JOE! Not so loud… I mean… NONE OF YOUR NONESENSE TODAY JOE! GET THE HELL OUT OF MY OFFICE!” 

Jobe started to leave. “Hey!” He stopped and turned around.

“Yeah?”

“How’d you know?”

“Well its Wednesday and your happy, it could only be one thing.”

“SHUT UP AND GET OUT!” I’d speak to that punk later, time for work.