 Wendy is a happily married 46-year-old mother of three. Molly is a 33-year-old wife and aggressive lover. Molly introduced Wendy to a new side of herself.

It has been about 9 months since Molly and Wendy met at the convention. They have corresponded via e-mail and have had wonderful cyber sex in chat rooms. Their desire to meet remains strong, but time always seemed to work against them.

It was a very warm late September morning in Tampa. Wendy got the kids off to school and planned to spend the morning cleaning. She pulled her back and put it in a scrunchy, she applied no make up and put on an old tee and shorts. Wendy had the second load in the washing machine, and had just finished cleaning the two upstairs bathrooms. She was hot, sweaty and ready to quit, but so much more remained to be done.

The doorbell rang and Wendy muttered as she went to answer the door, she was prepared to send away whoever was there. She opened the door and her eyes got wide. Standing before her was Molly, radiant and beautiful. Molly’s auburn hair looked magnificent, her jewelry was outstanding and she wore a short sleeve jacket with her suit, the skirt hitting just above the knee. Her toes were painted an exciting red and they sparkled in her strappy sandals.

The emotions flowed through Wendy, excitement at seeing her friend, lust at wanting her friend and embarrassment that she looked unkempt. As this flashed through Wendy’s mind, Molly reacted by stepping forward, taking Wendy in her arms and kissing her, deeply, passionately. Wendy melted in Molly’s embrace, responding to and returning the kiss with lust. The passion built as the kiss lasted. Then realizing they were on the front porch for all her neighbors to see, Wendy quickly pulled Molly inside and shut the door.

Wendy had so many questions, but Molly pulled her close, covered her mouth with hers. The taste of her sweet lips, and Molly’s tongue was probing Wendy. Wendy gasped, parted her lips and could feel the wetness between her legs. Molly’s hand moved to the tee Wendy was wearing and in one swift movement the tee and bra were removed, and Molly was caressing the large breasts. Her palms pressing against the hard nipples, her fingers taking them, rolling them, Wendy squealing as Molly touched her.

Molly’s lips were searing as she nibbled on the neck, bit the ear lobe and slowly began to lick and kiss the shoulder, then the chest. Wendy was moaning, panting as Molly’s lips moved lower over the chest, her face between the two lovely orbs. As Molly let her tongue roll over the nipple, her hands were on the shorts, pushing them and the panties down. Molly was sucking on the nipple, gently biting it as she helped Wendy step out of her clothes.

As Molly nibbled and sucked on the breast, her hands moved along the inner thighs of Wendy. Stroking her soft skin, raking the thighs with her nails, letting her finger slide through the hair and along the crease. Wendy was panting, as Molly bit her nipple, she slid a finger inside the tunnel. Wendy’s knees buckled, she had to support herself on Molly to keep from falling. Molly bit a little harder on the nipple, as she took the little hard red clit in her fingers and pulled. Wendy screamed, her body went tensed and she shuddered, her body reaching for the summit, so quickly, Wendy was crying with excitement and pleasure.

Molly laid Wendy on her back, stood looking at her, smiling at her lovely, sexy friend. Molly let her tongue roll over her lips, and she knelt beside Wendy. One finger on each cheek Molly slowly began running the nails down over Wendy. The nail moving along the neck, over the shoulder, down to the bend in the elbow. The nails trailed back up the arm, down over the chest as she raked her fingers along the breast. The hands moving, always moving as they slid across the belly, two fingers at the navel, circling it, one sliding in and out, then downward, ever downward.

The nails slid along the tummy, through the mound of hair, along the crease, not touching, but so close Wendy wanted to scream.  The fingers moving down, along the inner thighs, spreading the legs wide. Molly looked at Wendy, exposed, vulnerable, as she licked her lips. The hands in motion, down over the knees, caressing the thighs, down to her ankle.

Molly took one foot in her hand, lifted it and softly kissed it. Her lips lingering, on the arch, then on the side, then to the sole. Molly’s tongue began moving over the foot, around the heel, along the bottom, then encircling one toe. The lips replacing the tongue, caressing the toe, sucking it in, Molly panting as she licked and kissed and sucked on one toe, then the next. Wendy lay watching Molly, her body quivering, biting her lip to keep from crying out. She was building, so soon, so fast. Molly’s lips and tongue worked over the foot. 

Molly spread Wendy’s legs wide, lowered her head and began to use her tongue on the crease. Long slow licks, her fingers parting the lips as the tongue penetrated. Sliding deep inside, pressing in, pulling back and driving the tongue deep inside. Molly’s fingers constantly moving along the tender spots, caressing, tickling, exciting. The clit was swollen, tender and Wendy came out of her seat as Molly’s lips found the spot, sucked it in, her tongue rolling over the clit as her lips pulled and squeezed the tender spot. 

Molly slid two fingers deep inside her lover, searching, probing, pressing. Wendy’s breath was coming in gasps, she was moaning softly as her friend built her higher and higher. Then Molly found the spot, the g spot and Wendy came up, and she bit her lip so hard she drew blood. Molly worked the spot, Wendy babbling, crying, thrashing. Then the dam burst, Wendy screamed in pleasure as Molly fucked her over and over with her hand. Ramming in and out, slamming in and out, faster and faster. Wendy was soon lying exhausted, trembling, wet with perspiration.  

They lay quietly, Molly holding her lover, stroking her hair, kissing her softly tenderly. And Wendy slept, quietly, peacefully, content in the arms of Molly.

……

Wendy felt the soft kisses on her cheek, the hand slowly stroking her thigh, the teeth gently nibbling the ear, she moaned as she opened her eyes. Molly was now naked beside her, her small breasts firm and her nipples hard. Wendy let her hand move over the smooth bald mound and felt the wetness. 

Molly whispered, “Wake up sleepy head, we don’t have all day.” Wendy looked at the clock on the wall and saw that her daughter would be home in couple of hours. Wendy wrapped her arms around her friend and pulled her close. She was warm, she was soft, she was comforting.

Molly pushed Wendy away and moved to an assortment of toys she had laid out.  Molly stood looking at them and finally picked up a dildo, it was huge in her hand. Molly carried the 20-inch tool toward Wendy and she noticed it had a head on both ends, it was one long cock with two heads. Molly knelt before Wendy, “make it wet baby so you can put it in me.” 

Wendy took the long cock and began to lick it, long slow licks, wrapping her tongue around the cock. Her lips moving up and down the shaft, slipping the head in her mouth. Molly watched as Wendy’s cheeks bulged with the rubber cock, her lips moving over it, the cock sliding in and out of her mouth.

Molly lay back on the sofa, spreading her legs. Wendy knelt before Molly, licking her pussy, driving her tongue deep in the love tunnel, making sure Molly was wet. Then she guided the cock inside, pushing slowly in, deep, deep, deep inside. Wendy slowly pulled the cock out and pushed it in, out and in. And while she slid the cock in and out, she licked Molly’s nipple, rolling it with her tongue. Pulling it with her lips, sucking on it, and biting the tip.

Molly was moaning, building getting closer and she had Wendy stop, hold still. Wendy moved in front of Molly, sliding the end of the cock up her pussy, sliding down on it, letting it stretch her, letting it fill her. Wendy pushed down until her mound was resting against Molly, one long cock being shared. Wendy lifted up, pulling the cock out, then slamming down on Molly ramming deep inside both of them. They moved slowly, their breasts rubbing. Wendy’s large full breasts, rubbing the small hard tits of Molly. 

Molly rubbing, caressing fondling Wendy’s breasts. Gently pulling the nipple as Wendy let her teeth sink into Molly. The girls were fucking, moaning building as Wendy bit Molly’s nibble, Molly screamed, pulled her close and could feel the waive rolling over her. Her body shuddering, and Wendy felt the excitement, she felt Molly letting go, she could feel the cum running down the cock and over both her legs and it hit Wendy. She was experiencing an orgasm. Her body was shaking, her pussy was soaked, she was crying uncontrollably as she shared with Molly.

The girls moved together slowly, relaxing, holding each other tenderly. Wendy moved first, pulling the long cock from her abused pussy, then kneeling down and pulling it from Molly. Wendy ran a finger over the soft wet thigh, then leaned in close and ran her tongue along the skin. Wendy began slowly licking the cum from Molly’s leg, from her arm, from her belly, then back to her thighs. This time her tongue moved up the thigh, along the slit. Molly moaned softly.

Wendy buried her face deep between Molly’s legs, her tongue exploring. Two fingers were inserted into the wet pussy. Wendy worked her fingers slowly, searching, probing, looking for just the right spot. Then Molly jumped, and moaned. She had found it, and Wendy deftly worked her fingers against the one spot, as Molly dug her fingers into Wendy’s hair. Molly was moaning, pulling her, lifting her hips. Wendy used her lips to suck on the clit as her fingers worked the G spot. Molly was writhing, moaning, begging, and then it happened. She reached her peak, her body out of control and she experienced the height of lovemaking.

Molly fell back on the sofa, exhausted. The friends lay holding each other, caressing, enjoying the quiet time. The chimes of the clock brought them back to reality. Wendy’s daughter would be home in 10 minutes, they needed to get dressed. Molly acknowledged that she had to get back to her conference. The two friends stood, dressed embracing as Wendy heard the sounds of her daughter coming home. As Molly left, she handed Wendy a card, a ticket for an evening concert, “join me if you can, cocktail dress is recommended, … the sexier the better.” Wendy kissed Molly gently on the cheek as her daughter looked on.