 Finally the night of the big poker game had arrived. Jim had instructed me to dress what he called "elegant slutty." What that meant was professional clothes that were more revealing than I wore in the office, stockings, high heels and of course no bra or panties. Although Jim would not tell me the exact details of what the "hostess'" job was I could assume by the way I was dressed that it involved being arm candy for Jim and eye candy for the other guys. Also based on what happened at his house I assumed I would be sucking them all off and hopefully fucking them as well. 

I chose to wear a sheer white silk blouse. Even before I finished dressing my erect nipples were on proud display through the thin material. I allowed myself the luxury of rubbing my fingertips over the hard nubs through the smooth covering. It felt heavenly. I pictured Jim's fingers doing the same in front of his friends. Would my lack of panties mean he intended to do more in front of them? I could only hope.

I contemplated wearing a garter belt. Jim had not specified which type of stockings to wear so I went with stay ups. I love the look of stockings with a garter belt, but I'd also chosen a very tight skirt that hugged my ass like a second skin and the stocking snaps would have shown. I couldn't walk very fast in the skirt because it held my legs together down to mid thigh. It was definitely shorter than I would wear at the office so I figured it met Jim's specifications. The only problem with it was it was so tight I really couldn't cross my legs when I sat down. I'd have to keep my legs together. I figured that would tease Jim a bit as I'm sure he intended to slide his hand under my skirt. But I intended on losing the skirt all together so maybe this will inspire him. As I completed my outfit with a pair of four inch stilettos I had to admit I looked great. The heels tightened up my calves and ass. I was delectable and confident I'd met my dressing instructions. When he picked me up Jim had be twirl so he could see me from all sides. Uncharacteristically he whistled and appreciative catcall. I knew then I'd dressed appropriately.

In his car on the way to the game I expected him to play with my nipples, but we drove in silence. Maybe he was still concerned I wasn't ready for whatever was about to happen but I was determined to prove myself worthy. The trip was not far as Steve lived in the same neighborhood. When we arrived Jim told me to just go with the flow of the night. Steve's wife, Rebecca, will be assuming she is the hostess, as the wife or girlfriend of whichever guy is hosting the game usually has that duty. He told me not to put up much of a fight if she resisted his and Steve's desire to have me host.

"I'm sure you'll like it no matter what," were Jim's parting words as we exited the car and walked toward the front door. I began to get nervous.

Jim rang the doorbell and very soon the heavy oak door swung open and a statuesque brunette greeted us. I was awestruck by both her beauty and the revealing gown she was wearing. At first I thought it was something a society lady would wear to a black tie formal, but after she introduced herself as Rebecca (making a point to say "tonight's host.") and pivoted I noticed the slit on the right side of the gown went all the way up to her waist and that like me, she was without panties. I also could not see any lines under the gown from a bra. Given the size of her bust and the expanse of cleavage her gown displayed, I had to assume her breasts were fake, but at that moment I didn't care. I was star struck as I watched her lead us through the foyer into the house. I was mesmerized by her ass swaying back and forth in the form sitting gown. I didn't move until I felt Jim's hand on my own butt gently pushing me forward.

"Put your tongue back in your mouth, Wendy," he whispered. "You're drooling."

I snapped back to my senses and licked my lips. He was only kidding about the drool part although my heart was definitely feeling lust. Steve's house was every bit as impressive as Jim's. Rebecca led us to the game room where a table was setup and Steve was busy stacking poker chips. Although I had sucked his cock I had not ever seen him or been properly introduced. Rebecca handled that chore. I wonder if she knew he had already cum down my throat once and that I was assuming he would again before the night was over.

"How many are you expecting tonight?," Jim asked.

"We have eight confirmed and two maybes," Steve replied.

"Cool. That would be a good game," Jim continued. "Steve, before anybody else gets here, I need to discuss something with you. I promised Wendy she could be the hostess tonight."

I sheepishly looked first at Steve and then at Rebecca. Steve's face didn't show much emotion but Rebecca's had a look of scorn. Then it struck me that Jim had asked Steve not Rebecca. While I would have expected that at Jim's house I was surprised Jim had not addressed Rebecca directly. I looked back at Steve for his response. He was thinking.

"So you think Rebecca should be the serving wench tonight?" he questioned almost rhetorically. "What do you think dear?" he said addressing Rebecca.

She didn't say a word at first. She looked at me with a dismissive glare, grabbed my hand and started pulling me out of the room. "Come upstairs with me and I'll get you ready," she said with disgust in her voice. I resisted at first, but then followed along behind her. As we passed the foyer again I heard the doorbell.

"Steve, you can get that yourself," Rebecca called out with anger in her voice.

When we reached the stairs she tugged my arm propelling me in front of her indicating I should head up, destination unknown. I stumbled a bit in the heels causing her to comment that I could hardly walk in my "slut shoes" and that Jim should train me better before showing me off. I was starting to quickly dislike Rebecca, although had the roles been reversed I'm sure I would be upset by being replaced by a younger, more beautiful version of myself.

At the top of the stairs I saw a door leading to an expansive room I assume was the master bedroom. I began to turn but Rebecca corrected me as told me the guest bedroom was at the end of the hall. Once there she told me to strip out of my clothes and that she would find me something more appropriate for my position. She quickly turned and walked out without closing the door. Now I was willing to play along but her attitude was really getting on my nerves. Still it only took a minute to strip out of my skirt and blouse. I lay them neatly on the edge of the bed. I was shivering a bit being nude in a stranger's bedroom making my nipples continue to stand proud. Or maybe that was just my arousal I'd felt since the moment I first got dressed for him. I sat down on the edge of the bed to wait. I wanted so bad to rub my pussy, but I didn't dare. 

Rebecca returned about a minute later holding a garment bag. She didn't seem to notice except for my stockings and pumps I was naked. She shut the door and hung the bag on a hook mounted to the inside. She then turned her attention back to me.

"Stand up and kick off those trashy shoes," she barked extending her hand to mine. In retrospect it was a mistake to take her hand, but I didn't realize that until it was too late. She grabbed me in a death grip around my left wrist and pulled me into a firm embrace. Her left hand shot around my head and grabbed a handful of hair pulling me even closer. Without my shoes and with her still wearing her heels I was a head shorter than her. She tugged my hair cocking my neck so I was looking up at her as she smiled and then crushed my mouth with hers. Her kiss was not passionate as much as it was demanding. I felt myself bending to her will. At the same time she dropped my wrist and her fingers quickly found their way into my very wet pussy. As she savagely kissed me she fingered me with equal ferocity. I felt myself getting dizzy as a result of this high-speed assault. I'm sure she could sense my distress as she quit her attack almost as soon as it began. This time when she grabbed my wrist I could feel my own juices on her hand as she wrapped it around my slender arm. She didn't release my hair though, preferring to drag me over to a dresser with a large mirror hanging over it. 

I was stunned and unable to fight back as she speedily took up a position behind me forcing her body between my legs and pressing my hips into the edge of the dresser. With little effort she pushed on my back forcing me to bend over until I was at a 90 degree angle with my stomach pressed into the dresser top. She then grabbed the back of my neck again just as firmly as when she had kissed me while at the same time she kicked the inside of my legs indicating I should spread them. "Don't fucking move," were the only words she spoke but her tone and aggressiveness left me know doubt that I should obey.

I tried to lift my head enough to see her in the mirror. She at a wild look on her face like a woman possessed. She was definitely on a mission and apparently that mission was me. I watched as her free hand opened a drawer in the dresser next to where I was pinned down. I saw the gleam of chrome reflecting in the bedroom light was she raised her hand back out with a set of handcuffs in her possession. I'd like to say I was strong enough to resist her, but in truth she made short work of me. She released my head and with both her hands free she soon had my arms firmly restrained behind my back. But she didn't let up her forceful ways.

She did step back slightly but then she grabbed my hair again. While I was really getting tired of the pain, but I must confess it was also arousing to have this gorgeous woman being so aggressive with me. She pulled me up to look at myself in the mirror. Tears were starting to run down my cheek. I felt defeated, but I also felt alive. Certainly by body couldn't tell the difference so why should my mind.

"What do you see?" she hissed. "Do you see an elegant hostess or a slut trying to horn in on my man?"

I had assumed she was good with whatever the boys had planned for the night but suddenly I felt maybe she really was nervous and thought I was trying to put the moves on her husband. Maybe she didn't know about the other day at the pool or if she did she wasn't pleased that her man had cheated on her. Maybe she like showing off her stunning body to his friends but that was the end of what she would do. I tried to stammer out a reply but it was gibberish. She then pulled me into a standing position pulling my head back exposing my neck. She began to kiss and suck on my neck while her other hand once again found my dripping folds and began to finger fuck me. Both her mouth and fingers were skilled and coupled with the kinkiness of the situation had my juices flowing once again on her hand.

"I don't think you are hostess material, slut," she scolded me. I moaned.

There was little doubt she could have made me cum if she kept up her pace. Her thumb was rubbing my clit while three fingers pistoned in and out of my leaking hole. I love having my neck kissed almost as much as having my nipples sucked and the fact that I couldn't resist her was driving me wild. It was as if she could read my mind and know just what I craved. I felt the room begin to spin and my legs begin to give way. I expected her to hold me up or at least lean me back over the dresser, but instead she pulled her fingers out of my pussy and allowed me to slump onto the floor. I was still trying to catch my breath as she grabbed the slit of her gown and pulled it open in the front. I remember the first glimpse I had over her beautiful pussy. It was pink, glistening and inviting. She stood in front of me and held open her gown while her free hand once again found the top of my head. 

She didn't say a word she just applied a little pressure. It probably wasn't necessary at that point, but she pulled my head toward her and I reflexively opened my mouth. Being in charge must have agreed with her because her juices were flowing as freely as mine. Granted I'm not very experienced in how to eat a pussy, but for the next couple of minutes I don't think it mattered. She took my head with both her hands and rubbed my face up and down along her slippery slit. If she was a guy I'd say she face fucked me. I didn't know a woman could do that too, but she was taking her own pleasure and wasn't worrying about me doing her right. She had her bound slut at her feet and that was good enough for her.

Up and down, side to side, she ground her pussy against my face. I tried to use my tongue when I could. She tasted divine. I could feel her juice coating my face and could feel my mascara beginning to run, but she didn't let up. Finally she pulled my head back. She was towering above me looking down. She tilted my head forcing me to look up at her.

"Open your mouth whore," she screamed. I obeyed. She spit in my mouth. I was repulsed, but I held my mouth open.

"That's right bitch. Keep that mouth open. You're going to suck on my clit now until I cum and do it right or you'll never make it out of this room tonight. No cock to fill that greedy pussy of yours."

She pulled me back to her pussy. Her clit was engorged and distended. It was easy to find. I gave it a couple quick licks. My head was pulled back and my cheek was slapped.

"I said suck not lick you dumb cow."

It was weird. In my mind I didn't mind her calling me bitch, slut or whore, but dumb cow seemed out of line. Still as she pulled me in for a second try I latched onto her special lady part and sucked liked I'd never sucked before. That seemed to please her. Her attitude changed and she became more nurturing.

"Oh, you're going to do fine tonight pet," she cooed in-between moans.

Her grinding had slowed as she preferred to just hold me tight against her wetness. I could feel her hips begin to sway whether she was testing me to see if I could stay latched on or whether her orgasm was just approaching. It could have been the former, but the latter was certainly true as well and soon my efforts were rewarded with a fresh shower of her essence as she orgasmed onto my face. When she released my head I was giggling with pride. She was leaning over me using the dresser for support as the waves of pleasure cascaded over her body for a full minute. Finally she stepped back and helped me to my feet. Spinning me back toward the mirror I saw the results of my actions. I knew my face had been coated in girl juice and thought my mascara had run, but in truth all my makeup had either run or rubbed off. I looked like Tammy Faye Baker after someone had just killed my new puppy. My face was a mess and I was hideous. But Rebecca didn't seem to mind.

"Now what do you see?" she asked me. I knew what she wanted to hear although I didn't want to admit it. She gave me a firm swat on the ass. "I'm sorry I didn't hear you."

"A slut. I look like a slut," I said quietly.

"I look like a slut mam," she corrected me. "Always show respect for your superiors."

When I walked into her house I didn't think of her as my superior, but I certainly did now.

"I look like a slut, mam." I repeated.

"Very good pet," she continued. There was that word pet for the second time. "Now let's get you dressed for the game.

I was so turned on I was in a bit of a fog. I heard her say she was going to get me dressed and I offered no resistance when she led me to the bed and pushed me down onto my back. I didn't understand why she was suddenly kneeling between my legs and lifting them onto her shoulders or what that had to do with getting dressed. I quickly learned two things. One was that Rebecca was very skilled at eating pussy and two, that although her tongue felt great and could probably make me cum very quickly if that was her goal, that she had a more sadistic plan in mind for me.

Of course I didn't realize that until she had me thrashing side to side wishing my hands were not still cuffed and that I could either grab her head or frig my clit. But bound as I was I could only receive as much pleasure as she had determined to give me and then only until she had determined I'd had enough. Unfortunately that point was about a minute too short for me to climax. I thought she had just taken a break but realized she was done (hopefully just for now) when she began pulling me off the bed to "dress" me more appropriately.

My head was spinning with lust. Rebecca's first order for me was to step into an elastic harness which contained a small butterfly vibrator which she affixed over my clit. I watched as she held up a remote control. She made a show of pressing one of two buttons and the tiny vibe sprung to life. It was not powerful and was so quiet I almost could not hear it over the sound of my ragged breathing, but my clit sure knew it was there. Again my knees began to get weak. She then told me to bend over the dresser. At first I refused but she told me if I didn't she would turn the butterfly off which was enough motivation for me to obey. I really needed to cum. When I bent over the dresser again she swatted my ass and told me to spread my legs. This time I did not hesitate.

I noticed she had opened a drawer in the dresser. From my vantage point I couldn't see into it very well but from what I could see there was quite a collection of sex toys. Rebecca sure knew how to entertain in her guest room I theorized. I saw her grab a bottle of lube and I knew what her next move was going to be. I'd learned to love anal play with Jim so I even wiggled my butt a little for her when I felt the cool gel being applied to my backside. Then she grabbed a plug. I was glad it wasn't too big and I easily relaxed enough for her to pop it into me. As my sphincter snapped shut around it I was wonderfully full with the tiny vibe buzzing my clit and my ass squeezing the plug I felt great. I would have done just about anything for her right then.

Rebecca had me stand up again and then pulled out a roll of what looked like duct tape. That concerned me and I guess my face showed it. She told me not to worry that it was "bondage" tape and that it only stuck to itself. She pulled out a length long enough to go around my waist and wrapped it around me securing both the butterfly and plug in position. I prayed she was right about the adhesion qualities of this tape when it came time to remove it, but for now I knew both toys were going to stay put for the foreseeable future. The she held up the remote again and pressed the second button. The plug now sprung to life with much more force than the butterfly although its sound was muffled by the folds of my anus. I moaned and then thanked her.

I watch curiously as Rebecca opened the garment bag hanging on the door which apparently contained my outfit for the evening. She pulled out a strip of shinny black material about six inches wide with a D-ring welded into the front. Rebecca explained that it was a latex/spandex blended material as she stretched it around my hips. To me it was the shortest, tightest micro mini skirt I'd ever seen. Rebecca struggled to zip it together over my ass. I could feel cool air between my legs as it only cover the very bottom of my ass cheeks and maybe two inches past my vagina. At least I was only wearing this inside. If I wore it outside I would be arrested for indecent exposure.

Next up was a collar and chain number with several cuffs. I wasn't thrilled about that any more than I was pleased about the skirt, but as I tugged my wrists on the handcuffs again I decided at least they would be more comfortable than the metal ones I was wearing now. I was still being very docile with the twin vibrators buzzing away and hoping Rebecca would allow me to climax if I was good. The collar was tight, although not as tight as the skirt. The collar was lined with a fleece material. I would later learn how important that was as the game went late into the night, but for now it was just confusing. Rebecca allowed the chains to hand down between my breasts while she fastened two cuffs around my ankles. They were also fleece lined and didn't pinch my skin like the handcuffs had begun to do. I was almost thankful when Rebecca replaced the handcuffs with two more leather cuffs. She still had them clipped together so my arms were still pinned behind my back, but at least they were more comfortable.
