 My name is Esta and I work for a wonderful lady called Molly. I keep her house and affairs in order and look after things for her generally, but particularly when she is away on business. This happens a couple of times a month and my story is about what happened to me one of those occasions.

I ought to tell you a little about Molly and I before I begin. Molly is a successful business woman working in the field of software consultancy. She hires herself out to companies who want an expert to tweak their internal computer systems to make them function more effectively. She is tall, dark and always very elegant.

I'm 30 years old, slim, blonde -- at the moment - and have a happy outgoing manner. I also happen to be be quite switched on and manage Molly's affairs very well which is, I hope, why I got the job in the first place.

So, on with the story. Molly had been away for a couple of days when I received a text from her telling me that she was returning sooner than previously planned. She asked that I arrange her favourite Chinese meal for approximately 8 O'clock that night and to have a bath ready almost immediately after.

Both of these things were simple, but the first required that I contact the local Chinese restaurant and arrange for them to prepare Molly's meal so that I could collect it 15 minutes before she was ready to eat. They were perfectly happy with this arrangement, having done it many times before.

I decided to call in at the restaurant that afternoon as I had some other tasks to complete in town and it would save me making a call later.

I walked into the restaurant and met Suzie for the first time. She was of oriental descent, small and slim, but with exquisite curves, beautiful lips and very long, shiny, silky dark hair. She smiled at me as I walked in.

"Hello, my name is Suzie..what can I do for you?" said the goddess I was looking.

I struggled with a dry throat briefly before gathering my senses and announced, "Hi, I'm Esta, I'm here to arrange an order for collection later today."

Suzie smiled at me as I first explained what the arrangements were and then she began to take my order. As she was writing everything done I felt my pulse quicken as I watched her. She was most definitely my type! She looked up and noticed me staring.

"Is everything OK?" she asked, tilting her head to one side slightly.

"Yes, thank you." I managed.

She continued with her tasking of writing the order down and establishing the cost. As she was doing this I decided to be brave.

"You're new here aren't you Suzie?" I asked.

"Yes, I've been working in the restaurant a couple of weeks," she told me, "It's owned by my Uncle."

"I haven't noticed you around," I ventured, "do you live locally?"

"I've just moved into the area so I haven't been out much," she told me.

"Oh, that's a shame, if ever you need someone to show you around the town, I'd be delighted to help" I told her. And, knowing that the restaurant was closed in the late afternoon, I decided to really push my luck. "In fact Suzie, if you're free this afternoon I could give you a whistle stop tour."

She smiled warmly and told me, "Yes, that would be great...where can I meet you?"

"Don't worry about that, I'll come by the restaurant when it closes and pick you up."

We exchanged a few more pleasantries, I paid for Molly's meal and said goodbye. As I left the restaurant I couldn't believe I'd been so lucky as to get her agree to see me that very day. I would have to dash home and freshen up after I finished my other duties before coming back to collect Suzie

The day flew by and I soon found myself in my rooms (in Molly's rather grand house) preparing to go and collect Suzie I'd decided that I shouldn't do anything too fancy because she would likely be wearing clothes she'd gone to work in and so settled on a shower before dressing in in pale blue designer jeans, high-heeled knee length laced boots and a white blouse...very casual, but good I thought as I admired my reflection.

Of course I'd considered the possibility that I'd succeed in my goal of seducing Suzie and so had also put on a very tight pair of hugging silk white panties with tie sides...all the easier for her to unveil me and a matching bra....completely non-supporting, but very good to look at should the need arise.

I took care over my make-up and with a final self admiring glance in the hall mirror I set off. I took my little car thinking I could give her a tour and still have plenty of time for a drink and a bite to eat and "afters" might just be possible before I had to get ready to meet Molly.

I arrived at the restaurant a few minutes later and parked outside. I was just going to go in and announce my arrival when Suzie opened the restaurant door and with a quick wave in my direction she practically skipped across to the car and got in. Straight away I asked her if she'd like to go back to my place and get changed or freshen up and she said yes, that would be great.

So, minutes later, I'm telling her where the bathroom is and she's saying, "Wow! What a place." And I'm telling her it isn't mine as she trots off in the direction of the bathroom. I shout to her, "Would you like a drink?" and there's a muffled reply, "Yes, please".

Some minutes later, I'm wondering how much longer she'll be. 5 minutes more and I really want to know what she's up to. Another 5 minutes and I'm outside the bathroom door. I knock gently and ask, "Is everything OK in there?" Nothing, so I ask again, "Is everything OK? Suzie, talk to me hon'." I wait a while and just as I'm beginning to get worried there comes a sad sounding voice, "I'm having problems with the zip on my jeans and I'm desperate...I'm going to need help." 

"That's OK, let me in and we'll soon have it sorted."

The lock clicks and the door begins to open. Suzie is standing legs crossed, doubled over and with the button undone at the top of her jeans. I quickly enter and say lets have a look....I kneel in front of her and she reluctantly moves her hands so that I can see. I begin to tug at the zip but obviously it is well stuck. Remembering a trick that my mother shared I get some soap and run it along the length of the zip and apply a little water applied from the tip of my finger. After a little more tugging up and down, it very soon undoes and I announce, "Hey Presto!"

No sooner have I done this than Suzie tugs her jeans down and I catch a sight of a pair of tiny red panties stretched taught across her mound which immediately begin to darken as she starts to pee, standing right there in the middle of Molly's bathroom!  

I panic...I look left and right...what should I do, Molly will be home soon. As my mind races with the horrors of what will become of me should Molly find such a scene, Suzie reaches forward and takes my head in her hands and pulls my face towards her sex. I am mesmerized as she continues to release a steady stream of pee which I can see it clearly bubbling from beneath the red silk. I find myself fascinated, lost in my own spiralling and spinning thoughts as she pulls my head closer and I realise she wants me to touch her.

I am hesitant, but the doubt I feel is sufficient to enable her to force my face against her wet warmness. My lips touch her panties and I can smell and taste her immediately. She lets out a tiny gasp. I can clearly see the outline of her lips beneath the thin material....it is a delightful sight. I press my lips against the silk and probe her lips through the silk with my tongue. I can feel the liquid escaping from her running against my chin and dripping to the floor. The sexual hotness I feel within me is beyond anything I've ever experienced.

I reach up with one hand and slide her panties to one side, just in time to see Suzie force the last little drop from her. Her lips glisten and beckon to me. They are engorged with passion and excitement. I look upwards and see her gazing down at me...a look of complete calm and bliss upon her fantastic olive skin.

And suddenly, everything is lost, from downstairs there is the unmistakable cry of, "Esta, it's Molly, I'm home!"

To be continued...