 It was a funny place to meet a lady, but there she was, standing in the produce section of the organic food store. Her tiny crocheted halter top barely covered her ripe little tits as she reached for the best piece of fruit. I think they were peaches, but maybe I just wanted them to be. Her blue hippy skirt hung beautifully off her hips showing just enough of her smooth tan belly. She had long chestnut hair pulled back in a loose ponytail and dangly earrings that brushed her cheek as she bent forward. Her full lips parted the slightest bit as she smelled the fruit. I watched from behind my glasses as she put it back and reached for another. And suddenly, unbeknownst to her, a lovely pink nipple slipped free from her top. Placing the fruit in her basket she reached for another and smiled at me. Perfect teeth, stunning gray eyes, I smiled back and leaned forward. "From one girl to another, I have to tell you, you've had something of a wardrobe malfunction." Her brows knit in confusion then she realized what I was saying and gasped. A wonderful pink blush spread across her face. She laughed, embarrassed.

"Do you think anyone saw?" She looked around the store clutching her top to her chest. It was my turn to blush.

"I did." Another laugh, our eyes met. Electricity filled the air. "I didn't mind." We laughed together, chatted about this and that, then left together. She brushed against me. Her hair smelled like wild flowers, honeysuckle and clovers. My skin burned. 

"You need a ride?" I didn't, but what the hell.

"Sure." I followed her to her car. She offered me a cigarette. I reached for it. Her hand landed on my knee, it didn't move. I tingled inside, my nipples stood on end. Then she leaned forward and placed her luscious lips on mine, her tiny tongue darted over my lips. My breath caught in my throat. I kissed back, slowly, savoring her soft, moist lips, her hot tongue searching my mouth. I answered with my own, toying with hers nibbling and sucking her full bottom lip. She moaned low and soft. 

"My place isn't far." Her voice dripped with desire.

"Great." I rubbed her leg as she drove, sliding my hand up her smooth inner thigh. Her skin was like silk, soft and smooth. My pussy was soaked, so was hers. My mouth watered as I imagined the taste. I let my fingers tease her mound, stroking her coarse little hairs. No panties, her heat radiated. She let out another moan. 

"We're here." I followed her up the stairs to her tiny apartment. All scarves, pillows, and plants. Incense filled the air. Her bed was huge. She pulled me close and kissed me again. It was long and soft. She lapped at my lips like one kitten cleaning another. I laughed in my throat. Her hand crept up my shirt, palming my heavy tits. They were twice the size of hers. She grinned a wicked grin and pulled my shirt over my head. "Oh look at these." Her mouth seized one nipple greedily while she rolled the other in her fingers. I whimpered and sought her lovely little tits. Pulling her shirt open I rubbed her nipples under my thumbs and cupped the rest in my fingers. She arched her back then pulled me onto her enormous bed. 

My pussy buzzed with anticipation. I felt my wetness on my thighs as her hand slid up my denim mini skirt. "Ooh." Her voice teased me. She inched her way down my body kissing, suckling, pulling long and hard on each nipple while she rubbed my clit gently. Then, she spread my knees apart admiring my swollen lips. "You look delicious." I mumbled a thank you as she dove in, hungrily, her ass high in the air. She licked my thighs and worked her way in. First, the smooth shaven flesh around my dripping snatch, teasing it for an eternity. She kissed right above my clit and let her tongue linger for a moment. I whined and bucked my hips. She held them down and sought my hungry hole. She spread me open and sucked at my lips and clit, back and forth, holding my hips down all the while. She ran her tongue along the length of my pussy, achingly slow. I moaned trying to grind against her. She moved one hand across my belly to hold me still and ran two slender fingers along the crease of my thigh. Then, as she moaned into my clit, she slid them into me. Her pinky tickled my ass as she rubbed at my g spot, rolling her fingers from side to side. I squirmed and cried out rocking on her fingers. She sucked at my clit and flashed her tongue over it with lightening speed. I came in gushing waves as she slowed her tongue lapping at the juices that ran onto my legs. I lay there in a daze while she toyed with my body, running her soft hand over the curve of my hip, her eyes still hungry for me. 

I smiled and sat up, she did too. I leaned in to kiss her again, my hand in her tousled hair. Her eyes sparkled. Loosening the tie of her shirt, it fell to her waist. I marveled at her beautiful pointed titties, so high and proud. Her tiny pink, rose bud nipples stood out against her sun tanned skin. They begged to be devoured. I couldn't resist. I sucked at them, pulling gently with my teeth, she squirmed, then pulled my head closer. I ran my tongue along the bottoms of her tits. She pulled be back to her mouth. We kissed again, passion in our tangled tongues. She tasted like candy, like forbidden fruit. I wanted more.

Pushing her onto a pile of pillows, I slid her shirt and skirt off with one long tug. She lay there glorious in her nudity, shining like a goddess. I took in every inch of her with my eyes, her long wild hair fanned out over her shoulders, her eyes dilated with desire, her lips swollen and dark. Then there was her body, so delicate and fine, smooth skin, her perfect little tits. The jutting of her hips accentuated her glossy black triangle of hair. My mouth watered. I kissed her belly then nuzzled my face in her perfect little muff. She smelled so sweet. 

With her legs barely apart I dipped my tongue into her wet lips, finding her swollen clit. It was like warm honey. I rolled my tongue there, enjoying her taste, her smell, her soft fuzz, so neat and trim. Her legs trembled as she spread them for me. I've never wished I had a cock as much as I did at that moment, with her pussy open to me, waiting for whatever I would give her. It was small like the rest of her and swollen to what had to be a breaking point. I buried my face. She let out a wail as my tongue found it's way into her dripping hole. I sucked at her juices and drank them as she bucked and moaned into me. My pussy was throbbing again. I slid one long finger in her slick slit while my knuckle nudged her tight ass hole. She rubbed against it, hard and desperate. I hummed into her pussy while my hips rolled in unison with hers. Sucking and pulling at her firm little clit with my mouth. Her body trembled. I slid a second finger in and fucked her hard with them as I lapped at her clit. She went rigid. I pulled my fingers out, but left my knuckle on her ass hole rubbing it still as I flicked my tongue over her clit again and again until she came in a sweet gushing spurt all over my face and her lovely thighs. 

I kissed her soft and sweet, feeling her pussy pulse under my lips. She moaned and writhed uncontrollably. We snuggled into each other and kissed dreamily then fell asleep in each other's arms. I woke later covered in a warm patchwork quilt with her warm skin against mine. I thought of waking her for round two, but she looked to contented to bother. So, I slid out of her cloud like bed and dressed quietly. Then slipped out of her apartment and walked back to the store. 

After all, I had gone out to buy milk.