 It was early Monday morning, Kate's husband was off to his meetings and she was using the gym at the resort. Her auburn hair was up in a ponytail, her green eyes were bright and her work out outfit showed an exquisite body. Her body rippled under the thin covering, each of her assets highlighted. Kate was just finishing her warm up routine when she saw the woman enter.

She smiled, another wife filling time. Kate watched as the woman wandered around, looking at the equipment. She had dark hair, was quite pretty, late 30's or early 40's and definitely new to the gym. Kate did a quick survey of the gym, two young men into serious lifting, a couple of gray hairs into their thing and Kate and the new girl. Kate smiled and said hello. 

A couple of minutes of formalities and Kate knew the woman's name was Wendy and that her husband was attending the same weeklong conference. Wendy accepted Kate's offer to work out together. It was soon obvious that Kate would have to scale back the routine for Wendy. She was trooper and did all that Kate asked, but Wendy was struggling to keep up and while Kate was barely glistening, Wendy was soaking wet. They stopped for a water break and Wendy couldn't believe that an hour had passed. One last routine and they would call it quits. Kate usually rode the bike hard for 15 to 20 minutes then cooled down with a 5 to 10 minute ride. Wendy was to just ride at her own pace, while Kate took a hard work out. By the end of the half hour, Kate was as wet as Wendy. 

They smiled and headed for the showers. Kate removed her damp workout togs and was soon standing holding her towel. Wendy looked at Kate, her small firm breasts, flat tummy, shapely legs and the little tattoo where her pubic hair should have been. Kate gathered her shower stuff totally unaware of her nakedness. Wendy on the other hand was a bit shy. She hesitated stripping in front of another woman and was apprehensive as she looked at the showers, they were each private, sort of, separate walls but no doors or curtains. 

By the time Wendy had removed her clothes and made it to the shower, Kate was about finished. Kate stopped and looked at Wendy as she stood washing her hair, her eyes closed. Her breasts were large and showed only the slightest bit of sag, her body was attractive, but needed just a bit of firming, but very nice and her pubic hair was thick and dark. Kate looked at Wendy, smiled to herself and set about to make Wendy her goal for the week.

Kate slipped on a loose fitting sundress with spaghetti straps and pair of high-heeled sandals.  Wendy wore a bra, panties, tee shirt, shorts and slides with a wedge heel. They walked around the resort, looking in shop windows, talking and had an early lunch. Wendy was in her mid 40's with sons 19 and 16 and a young daughter age 8. Wendy was a stay at home mom and happy. Kate was 33, no children and had a hectic business schedule. Kate did not have children to keep her busy, but her schedule was full. Kate was enjoying a week away, no work, no phones, no meetings, no hassles. Wendy was enjoying her down time, no laundry, no homework, and no children. It was good timing for both of them.

After a light lunch and a bottle of wine the two new friends, took a second bottle of wine and headed to Kate's hotel room. 

The girls sipped their wine, enjoying the view from the window. Kate moved behind Wendy and began to rub her shoulders, massaging the muscles, working on the neck. Wendy closed her eyes, relaxed and let Kate ease the tensions. Kate led Wendy to the bed and removed her tee as Wendy lay on her stomach. Kate worked down the back, relaxing Wendy. Then Kate unhooked the bra, and applied body oil to the bare skin. Kate straddled Wendy's legs and rocked back and forth as she applied a deep massage to Wendy. 

As Kate rocked she rubbed her now wet pussy along the legs of Wendy, she could feel her friend get tense, then relax, moan, take a deep breath. Kate was sure Wendy was getting as excited as she. Then Kate announced time to do your legs and Kate bounced off the bed, pulled down Wendy's shorts and panties in one movement and dropped them on the floor. Kate used the oil and started at Wendy's toes, rubbing, massaging, oiling and slowly working up. Kate caressed each toe, the ball of the foot, the ankle, the calf. Wendy moaned softly and Kate was on the edge. By the time Kate had reached the thighs, Wendy was panting and when Kate's fingers slid close to the slit, Wendy bit her lip, she wanted Kate stop, it wasn't right and yet she had never felt quite like this. 

Kate's fingers slid along the slit, rubbing oil along the mounds, over the ass. Kate had Wendy spread her legs and a finger slid along the slit, rubbing the wet opening, then parting the lips, slowly penetrating. Wendy, let out a moan, lifted her hips and Kate slid the finger deeper, in and out. A thumb rubbed the clit as the finger slid in and out, then as Kate slid a second finger in, driving it deep inside. Wendy was moaning, then crying into her pillow as her body shuddered. Kate worked her fingers in and out, the wetness running down the leg. Wendy's whole body shook.

Kate rolled Wendy onto her back, kissed her softly on the lips. As Kate's tongue slid over the lips, Wendy opened, taking Kate's exploring tongue. Kate's hands roamed over the mounds, stroking the still hard nipple. As the fingers held it, rolled it, pulled it gently, Wendy was moaning. Never had she experienced such and intense orgasm and never had she had two in one week and now, the stranger, this woman was leading her higher.

They kissed, Kate's hand roaming the soft body of Wendy. Kate nibble on the ear lobe, she kissed and bit the neck, her hands exploring the mounds, rubbing the nipple, causing them to ache in anticipation. Kate's lips moved over the body, lower, lower then her lips brushed the nipple, covering it, pulling it into her mouth. Wendy felt electricity. Kate's hand had slid lower, she was sliding her fingers through the mound of hair. As the teeth pulled softly at the nipple, the fingers pulled the triangle of hair.

The fingers sliding along the crease, opening the lips, Kate was penetrating her. She pulled the hood back and rubbed the clit. Wendy bit her lip and trying to control her excitement. Kate continued to bite the nipple, easy then harder, then licking it, then nibbling it, then a bite again. Each bite seemed harder than the last and just as Wendy was about to cry out for pain, Kate kissed it, licked it, sucked it. Then she started again, a harder bite, a bit more pain, but this time it was exciting her and she could feel the wetness running down her leg.

Wendy was lifting her hips to Kate's hand, she was humping her building again. Kate moved down between Wendy's legs, lifting them over her shoulders, she buried her face in the wet pussy of Wendy. Kate's tongue moving in and out, her lips sucking on the juices, her fingers caressing and stroking Wendy. Wendy was bucking hard against Kate, driving her pussy against the tongue, the teeth, the onslaught. Wendy screamed, she shook, she rolled as her dam burst. Kate sucked the juices, the flow endless as she licked and sucked the new friend, as wave after wave of pleasure rolled from Wendy.

Wendy was exhausted, Kate was wet with the love of her friend. Kate moved up beside Wendy and held her in her arms. Kate held Wendy, stroking her hair, touching her cheeks, feeling her body next to her, their breasts against each other as they drifted off to sleep. Kate woke slowly, looking at Wendy lying close beside her. Wendy was on her stomach, her smooth white ass next to Kate. Kate looked at the clock, it was almost time for Dan to return. Kate smacked Wendy on the ass, and she jumped, moaned and looked at Kate. Kate kissed the upturned ass, rubbed it and smacked it again, and Wendy just moaned. Kate filed the reaction in her mind, told Wendy the time and they both hurriedly got dressed. 

Kate kissed Wendy passionately at the door as they made plans to meet in the morning.