 This happened a few weeks ago. I just HAD to write about it.

During the long ride home from town, Blue wouldn't leave me alone, rubbing my pussy through my jeans and exploring my mouth with her tongue. I purred to her...whimpering for more.

She was making my little panties soaked under my jeans...my jeans would soon be soaked through. I would have happily removed all my clothes and spread my legs for her, but we were almost home. She liked that, knowing I was being well-teased by her, and would be hot as fuck for her when we got home.

Dammit...I was already hot as fuck.

I unzipped my jeans and took her hand, trying to slip it to my pussy. All she did was slide her fingers along under the waistband of my panties...she spoke softly to me, "No...my baby has to wait."

Holding her hand, I tried to shove her fingers down my panties, whimpering and breathing deeper...she glanced her fingers on the wet satin of my panties across my pussy...I squealed with my mouth on her lips, then she teasingly pulled her hand out, patted my pussy a few times on the outside of my jeans and spoke hotly, "Baby...will...wait."

"What if your baby doesn't wait? What if your baby takes all her clothes off right now and FUCKS herself to death?"

Blue smiled at me. "Ooooooohhhhhh, I think what I'm going to give you is worth waiting for. Now, you just be a good girl and wait until we get home!"

"I'll TRY to be a good girl for you...I think...maybe..."

I closed my legs together, clenching them tightly.

Fuck. With my jeans on, that just made it worse...much more of that will make my orgasm rush over me...

We'd barely gotten in the door...sex or no sex, thing number one is ALWAYS removing our clothes at the door. Blue was out of hers in a flash and I was down to my lacy, ruffly, little panties.

Blue grabbed me around my waist, pulled me to her and said, "Leave them on, hotstuff."

"But, you're gonna make me cum through them!"

She brushed her lips on mine and kissed me. "You bet I am, baby...you're going to cum a whole lot through them."

She led me to the couch and lied on her back, pulling me on top of her...I straddled her tummy, more of my juices pouring through my panties. She looked in my eyes and slid her finger down to my clit, rubbing it through the thin fabric.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh...fuck yes..."

I spread my legs more, resting my big swollen pussy on her hand...I ground my clit on her finger, my hips wriggling to fuck myself on it.

"Cum for me, Sunny!"

"FUCK BLUE!"

My sloppy-wet pussy made noisy-squishy sounds on her finger...I cried out and my orgasm FLEW through my hard-shuddering body, sending a wave of my hot cum through my panties and all over her hand.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhh..."

Still with my dripping panties on and my pussy oozing through them, I took her hand and lapped my cum from all her fingers while she watched, her mouth open, hunger in her eyes. 

I paused and pooched out my lips to her. "Oooooooooooo...I think my baby needs her pussy fucked with my pussy..."

"Oh fuck YES!"

I licked the palm of her hand. I couldn't stop teasing her with my words. "I think my baby needs her sweet little slut to cum all over her pussy."

"SUNNY! FUCK ME, DAMMIT!"

"My, my...who teased my pussy all the way home? You, baby." I reached back and patted her hungry pussy. Her body bucked under me.

She said, "Take me...fuck my pussy..."

I slid down between her legs with my wet panties still on and she spread her legs for me, holding onto my hair...I pushed her legs way back, spread my legs and criss-crossed our thighs, straddling her pussy. I pressed my pussy onto hers...she screamed and grabbed my thighs, wriggling her ass with a firm grip on me.

Her steaming hot juices were running down her tummy. I tossed my hair, letting it land on my ass, and rubbed my satin-covered pussy on hers, telling her, "Oh, your honey-sweet whore is gonna cum any second..."

"MAKE ME FUCKING CUM, SUNNY!"

With her holding my thighs, and me gripping her ankles and holding down her shuddering body...oh my...we fucked the HELL out of each other!

Blue dug her nails against the skin of my thighs and came ferociously...fucking my pussy on hers, my cum flowing so easily through the satin and drenching her pussy...she kept cumming and cumming, soaking her own body and fucking her own pussy on mine, both of us screaming loud enough to raise the roof!

Both of us catching our breath, I slid from her pussy and between her thighs and lovingly licked and kissed her pussy, making her purr deliciously to me with her fingers woven through my hair. She tugged on my hair, urging me to her mouth, and I slid my tongue up her wet tummy, purring back to her.

Our mouths met and our lips sunk against each other, surrendering our tongues. My amazing lady used her foot to reach my panties and tugged on them with her toes, pulling them down over my ample ass. I closed my legs, and down my legs and feet they went. 

I slid my legs around her and cuddled her deeply in my breasts and tummy. Stroking her hair, I pressed my lips against the top of her head and spoke softly, "I love you soooooo much, forever and ever always, my sweet Blue."

She nuzzled my breasts with her face. "And I love YOU, Sunny...forever, baby."

The End

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all of you,

Sunny.