 I was new to Miami, and unsure of my own sexuality. I had some experience with other women, but was not yet sure if I was bisexual or completely gay. I barely knew anyone in town, and was very grateful that I had met Sophie, a wonderful woman the same age as me, 22 years old. She had very light blonde hair, very large firm round breasts, and a tall stunning body. She could have been a model, but instead she was a lawyer, of all things. She was also an out of the closet lesbian, and totally proud of the fact. I told her I still liked men, and she said that there was nothing wrong with that, I had to follow my heart and my libido when it came to choosing sex partners.

I really wanted to be with Sophie, but when we first met she was in a monogamous relationship with another woman. About three months after our first meeting, she called me on the phone to tell me that she had broken up with her lover, and wanted to hang out with me that night.

She arrived at my studio apartment, and I expected her to be upset and cry. Instead, she totally surprised me by passionately kissing me on the lips and putting her arms around my back the moment she walked in the door of my apartment.

Her hot kisses were like a dream come true; I had wanted her body for so long. She was completely in charge of the situation, and she took my hand and led me to my sofa. She sat down beside me and kissed my neck for a few minutes, and then she stopped kissing me and said she wanted to talk for awhile.

"Miranda, I have been with Jen for so long, and now she is gone. I am so excited about sleeping with other people after so long; I hope you are able to handle my passion. I know this comes without warning, Miranda, but I want to fuck you so bad; I have for as long as we have known each other. I don't want you to feel led on, however...I just want sex tonight; I am not ready to move into another relationship quite yet.

That was fine with me. I hadn't been laid by either a women or a man for a few weeks, and my pussy was aching for some attention. I told her that I had wanted her body since I had known her, and just having sex tonight would be quite acceptable to me.

Then a knock on the door surprised me.

Sophie told me that she had invited someone else to join us. Now I was shocked yet again; I was all turned on and ready to fuck Sophie, and felt upset that the mood was broken by her having invited someone else. I stood up and answered the door, not knowing what to expect.

I opened the door, and there was a petite brunette with long hair tied up in a pony-tail. I recognized her as Sophie's friend Kara, and I had met her once or twice before. She gave me a hug when I let her in, and said she had come to help cheer up Sophie. 

I walked back to the sofa, and whispered to Sophie "I guess our plans are off for tonight, I didn't know you were going to invite someone else."

Sophie tilted back her head and laughed. "Oh no, our plans are not off at all; they are just getting started. I know you Miranda; you are a pretty kinky girl, even though you act shy and innocent most of the time. Miranda, I just broke up with my lover, and I am planning to forget about her by having some of the hottest, nastiest, kinkiest sex of my life tonight. Jen was always so conservative in the bedroom; she never would play with toys or even consider having a threesome. I hope you are game, Miranda, because of all my friends, you two are the ones I want to be with tonight. And when I say 'be with,' I don't just mean hanging out and watching a movie...I mean I want to 'be with' you two in the most intimate way..."

Kara sat down on the other side of me on the sofa. Now I was sitting in the between to stunning women, and I had to decide if I wanted to participate in a threesome. I didn't know how my evening had ended up like this; the day had started out pretty routinely, with me waking up early in the morning and working behind the counter of a coffee store all day.

Sophie put her hand on my leg. I had on shorts, so her hand was on my bare skin, and she started to caress my legs, rubbing her hands up and down from my thighs to my knees. When she got her finger wet and rubbed the soft skin behind my knees, I nearly had an orgasm on the spot. Kara started to kiss my neck, and I was hooked...my legs turned to jelly, and I let those two women seduce me.

It was kind of strange rushing into sexual activity so quickly; the other times I had been with female partners, we had usually talked and talked for hours before the kissing and touching started. I decided to just go with the flow and let them do what they wanted. Sophie obviously wanted to have hot sex, and she wanted it soon, so I decided that she could have it. She had just broken up with her partner, and she was entitled to have some hot meaningless rebound sex if she wanted to.

Kara started to feel me up over my white tank top, and my nipples got instantly hard. I turned to Sophie and kissed her deeply on her luscious red lips, letting her tongue slip into my mouth and French kiss me deeply. Our tongues explored each others lips and mouths, and I started to feel a flow of juices in my pussy from the hot kissing. Kara started to unbutton my tank top, and I loved feeling her hands undress me. I let her remove me tank top, and the two women got there first look at my breasts. They were still covered up with my plain white bra, and I took one of each woman's hands and placed them on my breasts over the bra. I turned to Kara and kissed her lips for the first time.

Kara was even more in control with her kissing than Sophie had been; she looked me straight in the eyes and insistently kissed my mouth firmly while still feeling my right breast. It felt so hot having two women feel me up at once, and I felt a strong urge to take off my bra. I was just about to unhook the strap in back of my bra when Sophie beat me to it, and unhooked it for me. She let my tits spill out, and I was topless before them.

I was the only one who was half naked, and I decided to do something about that. I broke off Kara's kiss for a minute so I could remove her pink blouse. It was very tight, and I was not surprised to see that she had no bra on underneath it. Sophie helped me roll the blouse over her chest and lift it over her head. I removed the pink blouse and tossed it on the floor. Her breasts were much smaller than Sophie's or mine, and I was able to easily cup each one in my hands. I gave them nice lingering caresses, and got her nipple all hard. I almost had forgotten about Sophie when she started to play with my own bare breasts, and when I looked at her I noticed that she had removed her top also; now the three of us where topless.

Kara broke off her kiss and started to make out with Sophie. I felt momentarily rejected; I guess this was one reason I had been hesitant to participate in a threesome. It felt really weird to be in the middle of the sofa as the two women made out right in front of me, both of them leaning their half naked bodies over me. I decided to make the best of the situation, and I played with four breasts. The contrast was interesting; Sophie's breasts were enormous and very light colored; Kara's were small and darker in color. Sophie's nipples were very pink and smaller than I would have expected given the size of her chest; Kara's nipples were very big and dark red.

Just when I was really starting to feel left out of the kissing, both of them started to kiss my ears at the same time. This blew my mind, having two hot mouths on my ears at once, blowing hot breath into them. They started to rub my legs again, and I hoped that they would remove my pants soon. I sat back and enjoyed all the attention of their tongues.

I started to undo the buttons on Kara's tan shorts, and I couldn't help but to notice that her white panties were damp. I kept my hand on her panties and started to kiss her mouth again. Meanwhile my wish that someone would remove my pants was coming true as Sophie started to undo the buttons on my shorts and pull them off. She sat on the floor between my legs and tugged my shorts until they where all the way off. I let them both look at me in my black lacy panties, and then Sophie helped me finish removing Kara's shorts. Kara's plain white panties were soaked, and it was pretty obvious that her pussy had been getting very moist underneath her panties. Normally I would have waited awhile to strip off her panties, but since the other two seemed intent on moving fast tonight, I decided to go for it, and I grabbed her panties and quickly yanked them all the way off.

I admired her bushy black pubic hair. Sophie said "Good job, Miranda!" She had been pleased to see me take the initiative in getting Kara naked. Kara sat there nude and spread her legs, giving Sophie and me a good look at her pink pussy lips. Since the theme of the night seemed to be "go fast," I wasted no time in taking things to the next level. I got down on my knees between Kara's legs and gave her some quick hot kisses right on her pussy. It tasted a little sweaty, but that is not a complaint. It tasted nice and tangy between her pussy lips, and I started to kiss them as passionately as I had kissed her lips earlier. She moaned when I stuck a finger into her pussy while still licking her pussy lips. Then I really kicked it up a notch when I started to kiss her clit.

Meanwhile Sophie had moved behind me and pulled down my panties, making me the second one to be completely naked. I stopped kissing Kara's pussy for a minute so I could finish stripping Sophie. She had on a long red skirt, and I pulled that off, along with her black thong. Of the three of us, Sophie had dressed the most provocatively, but now that we were all nude, it really didn't matter what we had been wearing earlier. I went back to eating out Kara's bushy pussy, and I hoped that Sophie didn't feel left out of the action. 

Then I felt Sophie start to knead my buttock from behind. It felt great having her hands all over my bare ass while I was giving another women head at the same time. Kara started to run her fingers through my hair, and she took my head in her hands and buried my face between her legs, urging me to lick faster. I teased her a bit, slowing down my long licks when she wanted me to speed up. She put her hands on my shoulders and said, "Lick it faster. Please!"

I obliged, and really buried my tongue between her legs. I felt Sophie's hands on my buttocks, and then suddenly felt something cold and wet on my anus. I turned around and gave Sophie a puzzled look, and she touched my hand and said to relax and enjoy what was coming. Feeling her rub some lubricant into my ass, I had an idea of what was coming next. I had never had a women use a strap on in my ass, but I knew that Sophie and Jen used to do that. I wondered what it would feel like. I had had anal sex with men before, but never with a woman.

I forgot about Sophie for a minute and plunged my mouth into Kara, eager to get her off. She was the first one to have an orgasm, as she physically grabbed my head and made me fuck her with my mouth. I licked her like crazy, making her hips rock up and down until I could tell she was coming. She screamed while grabbing my hair, and I felt her wet female juices all over my chin as she came hard, gripping my head with her legs and thrashing all over the sofa. Just as she started to come down from her orgasm, I felt something plastic start to invade my ass.

I looked behind me, and a naked Sophie had a look of lust on her face. She had attached a strap on to her hips. I looked at the monster dildo, and said "Sophie, its way to long, that thing is like a foot long!" I was not exaggerating; it looked like a very realistic erect cock, flesh colored and veined, and a foot long in length.

She gave my ass a hard slap and said "I have faith in you Miranda, you can take it in."

The spanking startled me, it was not just a friendly little tap; it was quite hard and it stung a little. I felt her sink the huge strap on deep into my ass. She was generous with the lubricant, and it slipped in much easier than I had thought it would, but it still stretched me to the limit. I had never had anything penetrate me so deeply in my ass. She gave me some more spankings, but fortunately they were not as hard as the first one had been.

I had forgotten about Kara for the moment, and I was surprised to find her hand reach up and touch my pussy from underneath me. I was bent over the sofa, with my face and arms on the sofa and my knees on the floor. My ass was sticking up in the air being penetrated by Sophie's strap on, and Kara was underneath my pussy, playing with it and stimulating my clit while I was getting fucked from behind.

When Kara used her other hand to fondle my tits I nearly came on the spot. I was being stimulated in so many ways; my pussy, my ass, and now my tits. She pinched my nipples nicely, not too roughly. Sophie was really pumping away from behind me, and she was making load grunts and moans as she fucked my ass. Meanwhile Kara had started to finger fuck my pussy. She stopped for a minute, and I felt a bit let down, but then I felt something buzzing on my clit, and I looked down to see a slim red vibrator right on my bare cunt.

I didn't know how a vibrator had suddenly appeared, and I didn't really care how it had appeared out of nowhere; all I knew was that it felt incredible, and I was about to come from Kara's hand and the vibrator masturbating me. I felt the dildo plunge in m ass even deeper, and I started to really savor the feeling of having my ass stuffed. I let Sophie use my ass for her pleasure while Kara fingered my cunt and vibrated my clit. She turned up the speed a couple of notches, and I thrust my pussy the best I could into her hands. She stuck her long finger in and out of my hole until I felt the orgasm begin.

It was so incredibly intense to come while being stimulated in so many ways. Sophie really increased the tempo of her thrusts from behind while Kara furiously masturbated my pussy and clit with both a hand and the red vibrator. I let go and had an earth shattering orgasm, screaming and moaning while thrashing around. I remember my ass contracting while I came, and the long dildo was still inside me. My pussy shook ad quivered, and clamped around Kara's fingertips while she buzzed the vibrator on my swollen erect clit. I finally started to come down from the heights of bliss, and Sophie was still fucking my ass. I wondered how she was getting pleasure from this, and she later told me that the strap on had little nubs in the front that rubbed her clit while she pumped into me.

I heard Sophie moan out in a fit of pleasure, and knew she was coming hard. She spanked my ass hard while she came, and by now I didn't mind it and I was actually starting to enjoy the feeling of having my ass reddened. She thrust a little too deep inside me while coming, and my ass felt a bit sore inside from the extra deep plunging, but I didn't want to interrupt her pleasure, so I let her thrust deep and hard into me.

We all were all quiet for awhile after having our intense first orgasms of the night, and we lay in a sweaty heap of nakedness on the floor. The next hour was quiet as we lay together; caressing and kissing each others spent bodies. All the touching soon got us hot and horny again and I surprised Sophie by physically grabbing her body and rolling her over onto her back. I sat down on her face and put my pussy right up to her mouth. She had played rough and nasty with me, and it was time to pay her back.

"Lick my cunt, Sophie!" I yelled at her. She eagerly accepted the submissive role, and started to eat me out as I ground my pussy into her face. I felt shivers up and down my spine as I felt her expertly lick my clit in nice little circles. I put my knees around her head to emphasize my dominant role, and I told Kara to help me out.

"What should I do?" Kara asked. I thought for a minute about how to really charge up the sex.

"Kara, go wash the Sophie's strap on dildo really good with soap and hot water. Then put on her strap on. Lift up her legs in the air, put them over your shoulders, and fuck her big ass hard. Plunge that big dildo into her ass till she can't take it."

Sophie looked up at me in horror, and said, "Miranda, I never took the dildo with Jen; I just used it on her. I can't do that."

I laughed. "Sophie, I had never had a monster dildo stuck up my ass either until tonight, and I took it up the ass while you spanked me hard. I think you will learn to accept it rather quickly."

"Oh, all right, I will try it."

"You will do more than try it, Sophie, you will take all twelve inches of it till your ass is stretched out and sore. And you will love it." I commanded her, loving the feeling of being in control.

Kara came back with the dildo, and I told her to go get my vibrator from my nightstand. She didn't have far to go in my small studio apartment, and she reached into my drawer and pulled out a small black vibrator. "No, keep looking, I have a bigger one." Kara rummaged through the drawer and came out with a long flesh colored vibrator. It was bent to give good G-spot stimulation. My idea was for her to use my long vibrator inside Sophie's pussy, her own small red vibrator on Sophie's clit, and the strap on in Sophie's ass, while poor Sophie was lying on her back eating my pussy.

I explained the plan to Kara, and soon she was doing what I had told her too. It was hard for me to see, since I was facing the other way. Sophie lay naked on the floor while I sat on her face with my legs around her head. Kara started to plunge into Sophie's ass with the strap on.

"My ass is too tight, I can't take it all!" Sophie whined. Tough luck! 

"Put some more lubricant on her ass, Kara. I'm smaller than her, and I took it all in me, I know she can too." Kara squirted a handful of lubricant on the dildo and slid it in farther. Sophie looked like she was in a bit of discomfort, so I told Kara to slow down and give her time to get used to it. "Keep licking me, Sophie!" I ordered her.

She licked my clit, and then she started to rub my bare thighs with her fingernails. This was a nice touch, and I felt slightly bad for being too rough with her. I could tell she was enjoying the role reversal, however, and she lapped up my juices while moaning and groaning.

Kara had stuck my big vibrator deep into Sophie's cunt, and I told her to turn it on full speed. This caused Sophie to lick me even faster, and I felt my second orgasm coming soon. Then Kara put her own small vibrator on Sophie's hard clit and buzzed away. Sophie cam first, eagerly eating out my pussy while she came. I ground my hips on her face and came soon afterwards, gushing out female juices all over her mouth and tongue.

Kara was still plunging into Sophie, feeling the pleasure of the nubs on her clit. She looked like she was about to come, but then I had a wicked idea. Kara was the only one of the three of us who hadn't felt the strap in her ass yet. I made everyone stop, and I walked over to the bathroom to wash the strap on. 

I came back to them, and put on the strap on. It felt weird to have a foot long plastic penis between my legs. I felt the little rubber nubs on my pussy, and knew why Sophie liked this toy so much. I squirt some lubricant on my fingers and stuck a finger into Kara's ass. "Have you ever experienced this, Kara, or are you an ass virgin like Sophie was until I just popped her cherry?" I asked.

"No, I've done this a few times before, Miranda. Fuck my ass, I can take it easily!" Kara replied.

I was surprised that she would be so eager, but I quickly stuffed her ass with it. She was bent over the same way I had been over the sofa, and I tested the waters by giving her some light spankings. She loved it, and wiggled her ass to encourage more. I spanked her even harder, watching her ass get redder and redder. Sophie was not content to just sit and watch, so she sat on the sofa and started to play with Kara's tits. I could tell she was pinching Kara's nipples rather hard, but she was also lovingly caressing Kara's back with her hands. I didn't want Kara to miss out on a second orgasm, so I stuck my big vibrator into her pussy. It was hard to coordinate this while still fucking her ass with the strap on, but Sophie helped me get the vibrator into position.
