 Chapter 1: The Beginning

A special thank you to my internet muse for this particular story, If you are reading this....you know who you are ;)

Katrina relaxed, allowing herself to sink deep into one of the few padded seats on the train. Her legs ached and her mind races from the events of the long tiring day now thankfully behind her. Work had been the usual hell, her boss was a pig unwilling to accept the idea that she wouldn't be sleeping with him for the raise that was rightfully Hers. All that she could see upon leaving the building was the scowling face of that asshole still stewing over the hot coffee she had "accidentally" poured in his disgusting lap. Now, though, far from that place and that man, she began to finally let the tension of the day subside and began to look forward to the train ride ahead. There was a particular passenger who had captured her fancy and she was very much looking forward to the usual lewd display she was accustomed to seeing, a semi-public show form the no-frills beauty who like clockwork would park herself diagonally across from her and do what Katrina loved best. 

Kat lowered her head in silence, thinking of her, getting wetter by the second anticipating the display to which she was privy to seeing every day for 3 weeks straight now. Kat rubbed her legs together almost imperceptibly feeling the wetness of her pussy lips sliding along their edge. She had been watching this woman for weeks now and not once did she make eye contact, but Kat knew she was aware that she was being watched. How could she not? Kat's eyes burned a hole in the woman's crotch, barely exposed to her, her lace panties masking ever so slightly the shape of her prominent lips. And when she commenced to wet herself, that mask was nearly torn away. Yes, the woman she watched religiously would come in to the car, sit with her legs slightly apart, and piss herself, just a little at a time, leaking out her yellow nectar until they were the last ones in the car. 

Kat's stop was last, the nameless pissing woman's stop was just before hers. Although Kat had suspected that she may have gone a few extra stops, just to finish the heady show she had begun after the train began to clear out. Kat remembered vaguely, her head was swimming and her pussy was tingling so much at the time that a strong recollection was not possible, that she may have gotten off a few stops early the first night, holding on a few stops more every time once she had noticed she was performing for an audience. 

She was now one stop away from the station where the woman boarded everyday, and she was dripping with anxious anticipation. She had been on the edge of cunning for what felt like an hour now and desperately needed relief. As the train squealed to a halt, she could barely hold back a sigh as the object of her wet desire stepped into the compartment. She was a very average looking woman, whose very normalcy made her and what she regularly did all the more sexy. She was wearing a modest white button down shirt, which barely showed the tops of her white fleshy breasts, a blue business jacket and matching skirt. In her hand, she carried an elegant brown leather oversized purse, which could almost double as a briefcase. She was already fidgeting, walking with her legs tightly together as she strode clumsily into the cabin and took her usual seat diagonally across from Kat.

Kat's pussy was burning now, the wetness she was producing was threatening to cause a perceptible wet spot on her gray chinos, she had taken the precaution of wearing a panty-shield on this day but the copious amounts of pussy cream were barely held back by the wall that was the absorbent pad. She was ravenous with want for this woman, who's name she did not even know, but with whom she shared an intimate bond with, the bond of hot golden piss. 

Kat was so lost in herself that she didn't notice the woman surveying the room, it seems the show was about to begin and having snapped back to realty she casually clanked over at her slightly parted legs and her lacey white panties. White? She had never worn whit before, it seems that this increasing feral vixen was upping the ante, she knew what Katrina had in mind and she was now a full and willing participant in this little game of hide and piss. The sudden revelation threw Kat for a loop and the freight train of her orgasm came upon her faster than she could control. She wasn't sure if she had made any noise, or even if she was flushed, and she simply didn't care all that she knew at this point is that she had to have this woman, she had to taste her pussy and feel her piss cascading into her mouth and falling over her breasts. She knew that she needed to drink from her and soon.

The woman spread her legs ever so slightly, the train was nearly empty now, with a few passengers dozing and others reading their books, newspapers or simply staring out the windows in that lemming-like ride to the oblivion called home. Kat was convinced that between them there was an unspoken agreement that for all intents and purposes, they were the only two there, fuck what went on or who saw it. 

Then, suddenly, the whole world shifted...

The woman took out from her briefcase a pair of tortoise shell glasses and a pen and struck her best librarian pose, looking for the first time directly into Kat's eyes and.... smiling. Kat was so caught off guard by this, so flustered by the thought that this woman with whom she shared a very intimate bond with, but until this point only in her own mind, had broken the barrier between them, for the first time acknowledging the presence of her watcher, and seemingly appreciating it. Kat was floored, but the most shocking surprise was yet to come.

The woman placed the pen to her lips and slowly drew her lush bottom lip down, exposing her white teeth to Kat as she sat rapt, unable to move. Then the next surprise came, parting her legs now perceptible to anyone who might be paying attention she closed her eyes and smiled a little devilish smile. A small ruvelit of wetness formed in the shape of her pussy as she let out a very controlled pee. It spread so slowly that it would have taken time-lapse photography to capture the spread. But Kat was so intencely watching her crotch that she could swear she could see every little squirt. 

A muffled voice came over the speaker announcing the next stop, the woman took her cue and adjusted herself accordingly as to not give her toilet away to those who wearily exited the train, there was only one woman left, and she was curled up in a ball in the last seat near the rear of the car, knocked out, dead to the world. 

The wet woman now relaxed and spun herself back in the direction of Kat. Looking her dead in the eye, she ran her finger along her dampened slit and spread the wetness over her crotch, making her trimmed pussy stand out in all its fleshy wonder, she was not only wet with piss, but with excitement as well as evidenced by the extreme puffiness of her labia, seen clearly now through the gauze of her semi translucent panties. Without another moments hesitation she placed her finger along her slit and pissed out a short sharp burst, her finger parting it much like the proverbial red sea, or in this case "yellow river." Then she did something that shocked even Kat, she quickly brought her dripping finger to her lips, and inverting it, let the clinging yellow tinged piss drip daintily into her open mouth. Then, running her tongue along the edge of her forefinger she licked it clean.

Kat was on the verge of another orgasm when she realized the woman's usual stop was next, she dreaded the thought of this ending and silently wished for a breakdown to prolong this sweet agony she was feeling. But the bespeckeled woman showed no signs of moving, preparing, as she usually did to de-board, she only casually fingered herself through her soaked panties and continued smiling at Kat. Kat was beside herself with lust and did all that she could not to unfasten the button on her chinos and reach deep within her sopping cunt to finger herself and maybe, just maybe join this mystery woman in pissing her pants. But she stilled herself, afraid of breaking the spell. 

The loudspeaker crackled and a disembodied voice announced the second to last stop, the woman to Kats amazement, still did not move. However the groggy rumpled woman to the rear did. Dazed and stumbling she stood to wait at the door for what was her stop. To Kat's amazement the wet librarian did not change her position. She still sat; legs wide open openly playing with her pussy. She was either convinced that the waking woman either would not notice or she was far beyond caring. 

The train came to an abrupt halt and the tired woman exited, either she had not seen or had not cared about the wanton display occurring just feet away from her. Either way, the final curtain had now been raised and they were all alone in the car. Kat had no reason to be shy at this point, and slowly unbuckled her pants, sliding the zipper down with a sexy "ziiiiippppp". Her panty less crotch and trimmed patch of brown pubic hair now visible to the woman busily frigging herself in the seat across from her. 

"Diane," the woman breathed as she began to piss in earnest, moving her panty aside to push two fingers into her gushing cunt. 

"Kat," Katrina said through a veil of lust, searching out her own sopping tunnel with her middle and index fingers. 

"Fuck you're hot," was all Kat could say as she watched the woman openly frigging and pissing, leaving a wet line from her pussy to nearly Kat's feet. Diane only smiled in response and continued pissing herself as her face contorted, ready to cum. Suddenly Diane arched her back and unapologetically sent a shower of piss all over Kat's legs, which was all it took for either of them.

"Fuck, cum with me!!!" Diane screamed, now far beyond caring. And at the finish of that drawn out E, they both came soaking themselves in cum. Not to be outdone, Kat scooted back on her chair and catching the hem of her pants in her fingers drew out her wet pussy. Pulling back on her lips, she fired a shot of Piss directly at he new friend soaking her in it. Without hesitation Diane fell to her knees and drank in everything Kat had to give her, swallowing lewdly as she did, fucking herself with her fingers until she came again.

Exhausted and disheveled, and covered with piss Diane moved up Kats body to give her a deep tongue kiss. 

"Luv, that was wonderful, I've been meaning to do that to you ever since I knew you watched me pissing myself the first time," Diane smiled.

"But now I'm afraid you've missed your stop," Kat said with a mock frown. 

"No I haven't honey, I was hoping to go home with you, if it wouldn't be too much trouble....maybe get to know each other wetter...I mean better," she laughed.

"I would Love that hun, I just hope my girlfriend doesn't mind, but I think we can convince her," Kat grinned. 

The final stop had arrived and the two very wet women walked arm in arm into the cool evening, smelling of piss and cum, and reveling in a fantasy come true.

But that was only the beginning...