 Writer's note: I would like to thank Pro_Ball_Player, a literotica writer, for inspiring me to write my own erotica. I would also like to thank Mistress Penelope and Andrea4328, my editors, for their assistance reviewing my stories for submittal.

This is a continuation of a lesbian tale... with more to come/cum.

Chapter 2, the story continues...

Waking up Sunday morning I was filled with two main sensations. One was that I was hung-over like crazy. Once again I had too much to drink. Aside from the splitting headache and the need to use a toilet my body (and frame of mind) were surprisingly relaxed. The next sensation filled me completely as I turned to get out of bed to notice my good friends, Susan, sleeping in bed with me. She was naked from the night before and I was filled with a sense of guilt the likes of which I had never felt before. 

So much for the relaxation... I was paralyzed with fear. Had I molested my friends? Had they molested me? Had we gone too far? I think that last question was easy to answer. Last night was no dream; it was real. Dealing with it would take me some time. In last night's drunken giddiness I recalled being hesitant but also accepting of the lesbianism that consumed my three friends and me. In my morning stupor I was horrified that I could lose that much control over myself. How could I look them in the face without feeling the guilt that I felt right now?

Those questions would have to wait to be answered. Nature called and I slowly slid out of bed so as not to disturb Susan. Instead of using my bathroom which was adjacent to my bedroom I slipped down the hall, past the guest room (where Jenny and Michelle were sleeping with one-another) and down to the half bathroom on the first floor. Once I was finished using the toilet I washed my hands and face, took some Tylenol and headed to the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee large enough for the four of us.

I took my cup, threw some Bailey's in it (hair-of-the-dog I guess) and went out to the patio. The crisp morning air helped clear my head and also helped wake me up.

After twenty minutes or so the patio door slid open and Michelle joined me.

"Good morning Mrs. Sunshine." She said.

"Good morning to you too. The coffee's ready. Cups are in the cupboard above the coffee maker. The cream is in the 'fridge' and the sugar's in the pantry." I responded.

"Thanks!"

A few moments later she re-joined me on the patio and topped of my cup with some fresh coffee.

She cleared her throat a little and then said:

"So, last night was a bit crazy, huh?"

"I guess you could say that." I responded.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" She asked.

"Well, to be honest, I'm kinda' hung-over right now. My minds a blur; I'm not sure how to answer." I said.

The conversation had gotten cold. It wasn't my intent. I didn't want to offend Michelle I was legitimately torn between how I felt, how I think I should feel, and the fact that I really didn't know how I felt. I had never had a moment in my life where I had a cluster of conflicting thoughts and emotions. I was about to offer this information to Michelle when the patio door slid open for Susan and Jenny to join us.

"We hope you don't mind, we helped ourselves to the coffee." Jenny said.

"No, go ahead. I made plenty for the four of us. Did anyone want breakfast?" I responded.

"I have to admit, I am a bit peckish." Susan said.

"Why don't I help you with breakfast?" She continued.

She helped me make the scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast the English muffins. As you can imagine, the breakfast conversation took on the tone of Michelle's questions and soon picked up where we paused the discussion.

When we got past the awkward recognition of the past night's events Susan was taking charge of the conversation again.

"So, how do we all feel about yesterday?" She asked.

I decided to lay my cards on the table. I told everyone about how I felt that the drinks contributed to the events. I told them I normally don't watch adult movies and that was the first time I watched girl-on-girl action for an extended length of time. I told them how I felt guilty for taking advantage of them. I told them that I thought it was fun last night and that I felt guilty this morning. I started to cry and told them how conflicted I felt. I hope that they understood and didn't take offense.

They all assured me that they didn't take offense and that they understood that I might have to decompress a little bit. Before last night they all had experience or deep interest in lesbianism and in that regard it was mentioned that I was somewhat of an outsider. My crying tapered off.

"I'm sorry I get this way." I pleaded.

"I just don't want to hurt any of you. You're my best friends." I continued.

"Lisa, nobody took advantage of anybody. We're not hurt and you shouldn't be either. We're here for you if you need to talk or cry or whatever." Susan said.

"I'm actually glad for the opportunity that last nigh afforded us. At the very least we've become closer friends." Jenny said.

"Listen," she continued, "maybe lesbianism isn't your thing. We won't hold that against you. We're all into our own thing. What remains important is that we're all friends and all can confide out deepest darkest secrets with each other."

I cried some more and thanked them for their kind words. I told them that I loved them and that I would just need time to sort through my head-space.

They all understood, helped me clean-up the house a little bit, and then headed home. After they left I noticed that Jenny had forgotten to bring her porno movies home with her. I would return them to her later in the week.

I spent the majority of the next few days by myself coming to terms with seducing and being seduced by my friends. They didn't seem to mind so why was I so upset? I really couldn't figure that out. Maybe I had some ingrained homophobia from my conservative upbringing, but I'm not homophobic. I support gay rights and true equality amongst all men and women. I think the main thing I was upset with was the fact that we were all drunk. How much of what happened that night was the liquor talking (so to speak)?

As that thought came into clarity I decided that I would watch one of Jenny's lesbian movies while sober to see what happens. It was sort of a control experiment like we learned in our lab days in chemistry class. However, that thought would have to wait. I had to go to work. It was now Tuesday after all.

Getting home from work I headed to the 'fridge' for a beer but remembered my promise to myself. I fixed myself a light dinner (chicken salad) and took a quick shower. It was a rough day at the office and cleaning it off me felt good. I dried off and slipped into a silk robe and then headed downstairs.

"Now, with a clear head, let's see what the fuss is about." I discussed out loud to myself.

I grabbed a glass of water, set it down on the table next to the sofa, and then headed towards the TV to pop the DVD into the player. Returning to the sofa I sipped the water and began to watch the movie. I made it through the first scene without any issue. Sometime during the second scene my mind wandered back to my bedroom from a few nights ago. Watching the lesbians on the screen and recalling performing some of the same actions started to have an effect on me. I was lost in a haze and returned to "now" somewhere in the fourth scene. My robe was undone and I was caressing my left breast with my right hand. My left hand was between my legs rubbing outer lips. I was totally horny, took two of my fingers of my left hand, dipped them in my glass of water and then slip them into my vagina. I never fingered myself so fully and so wonderfully before. I took turns pulling my fingers out of myself and slipping them into my mouth "to taste." I pinched my nipples, flicked my clit and generally made love to myself while allowing the images on the screen to make love to my eyes. The sounds of girl-on-girl sex made love to my ears. In a 'complete' sense I thoroughly made love to myself. It was a much better experience and was all encompassing. It was as if I had dated myself... to quite a happy ending. I was worn out as the movie ended. In fact I drifted off to sleep for a short nap. When I awoke the DVD was running in an endless loop on the menu screen.

I struggled the rest of the day with questions and self doubt. Was a straight, was I bi-curious, was I bi, or was I gay? Prior to last Saturday I had only been with men and had enjoyed it but the joy of heterosexual love couldn't compare with the lesbian love shared amongst close friends. What I did know was that I wanted to try it again. As I went to bed that night I knew with clarity that I was bisexual. I knew that my friends were important to me and that I had to tell them of my 'personal awakening.' I also knew I wanted to make love with them again. Only the next time it happened I was going to be sober. I wanted to enjoy all the sensations with clarity.

Waking up the next day I still had these same thoughts on my mind. I got ready for work and started hatching a plan. I took a long lunch break and headed to a local lingerie shop. I knew my friends sizes (since we've often gone shopping together) and got each of them an outfit I wanted to see them in. I got one for myself too.

For Susan I had chosen a light green bra and panty set with cute white bows and white lace trimming. The material would stand in gorgeous contract to her red hair and match her green eyes. Her panty is the cutest thing; it's a thong with a built-in skirt hanging down a few inches from the waistband.

For Jenny I had chosen Jenny a lavender lace baby-doll with a matching string bikini panty. I thought that it would look great in conjunction with her blonde hair and blue eyes.

I thought that Michelle would look adorable in a yellow silk teddy with matching lace trim strategically located along the body. It would compliment her blonde hair too.

For myself I would be decked out in a matching black lace bra, bikini panty, and garter belt outfit. With my brunette hair and brown eyes I thought that this would be a great little number. Naturally I got myself a set of dark thigh-high hosiery to connect to the garter belt.

Satisfied with my selections I headed to the counter to pay for the items.

"You do know that your outfits are at different sizes, don't you?" The clerk inquired as she was ringing up the order.

"I do, and most of them aren't for me" I responded with a wink.

She blushed a little. "Then can I suggest gift-wrapping them individually? I'd be happy to do it at no extra charge."

"That would be a great idea." I responded.

It took just a moment to complete the wrapping and the transaction.

"I hope that you will come again" she said as I was leaving the store.

"If all goes well I will." I told her as I blew her a kiss.

She caught the kiss, touched it to her cheek and said, "Have fun. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

We giggled and I left the store.

Returning to the office I noticed that all the packages were wrapped for privacy. I took pen to paper and wrote my friends the following:

Dear (name),

Please consider the following as a sign that I have come to terms with our evening together last Saturday. Enclosed is something that should suit you well. It will serve as your ticket to enter my home this Saturday night. I will have dinner ready at 6:00 with entertainment to follow.

Should you accept, you are to show up with your 'invitation' at 6:00 sharp! Don't be late!

With love, Lisa

p.s. There is no need to RSVP.

I enclosed each note in an envelope (sealed with an invisible kiss), attached them to the gifts and called a courier to deliver them to Jenny, Michelle, and Susan.

We were all really busy for the remainder of the week and hadn't had much time to talk. The times that we did talk no mention was made of the 'invitations' or Saturday night. As the week was drawing to a close I was on pins and needles. Saturday morning and afternoon were spent getting tings ready. The house was clean. I moved all the mattresses down to the living room so that we would have one large bed to play upon. When it was time for entertainment we would adjourn to living room. On the large screen TV lesbian movies would be playing non-stop. Lights would be provided by the many candles that were lit. There were plenty of pillows, blankets, etc. so that we could all be comfortable. Dinner was about to be ready too.

I prepare chicken parm served over a light bed of linguini. I also had salad, dinner rolls, and some mixed vegetables as side dishes. 6:00 was approaching and I dashed upstairs to shower, powder, and get dressed for the evening.

Susan, Michelle, and Jenny all took one car and promptly arrived at 5:59. They sat in the car for one minute so as to arrive at 6:00 sharp. The doorbell rang and I opened the door. 

"Good evening ladies, dinner is ready. Have you brought your invitations?" I asked as I greeted them.

They all said yes.

"I guess we're on the honors system. The invitations will have to be verified later." I joked.

As each woman entered my home I greeted them with a kiss. I took their coats and ushered them to the dining room.

"Let me put the coats away and I'll join you in a moment." I said.

Arriving in the dining room I brought the last tray of food and began to serve dinner. The ladies drank white wine while I had iced tea. They made fun of me for this but I explained that I wanted to cut down on the drinking. We made small talk over dinner and got caught up with each other's week.

"So what 'entertainment' do you have planned for tonight?" Jenny asked.

"Oh I don't know something fun I guess..." I answered.

No further inquiries were made. After dinner we all used the downstairs bathroom to freshen up (brush teeth, etc.). I refilled drinks and asked the girls to join me in the living room. As we approached the living room I opened the double doors to allow a view of the room.

"If you wish to enter my rule is this... No dresses allowed." I commanded.

At that I reached back, unsnapped the hook on my dress, unzipped, and let my dress fall to the floor.

"This will give me a chance to see that you've brought your invitations." I said.

Michelle was next. She unsnapped some buttons from her blouse and removed it in one fluid motion gently discarding it to the floor. Then she bent seductively as she followed suit with her skirt.

Susan and Jenny asked each other for assistance and undressed each other. Jenny was wearing a skirt and blouse while Susan was wearing a dress.

"I think this is more comfortable already. I can see that you've all got your 'invitations;' you're welcome to enter." I proclaimed.

Susan added a set of self supporting thigh-high hosiery to her outfit; it was a nice touch. Jenny found a choker that matcher her outfit too. It looked so great around her neck. We were all wearing heels and dressed to kill!

"I only have two rules for the evening." I said breaking the silence. "Rule one is that there is to be lesbian porn playing at all times this evening."

At that moment I picked up the remote off the table, turned on the TV, and hit play.

"Rule two is that anything goes so long as no-one gets hurt." I finished.

"Rule three is that you've got to get over here and give me a kiss." Jenny called to me.

I walked over to Jenny and lightly took her chin in my hand. I led her to a couch that was moved off to the side. With my hand still on her chin I looked her in the eyes and guided her to a sitting position. I joined, closely by her side, and leaned in for the kiss. We let our lips touch and out tongues explore. We wanted to taste each other and lose one-another in the kiss.

"Save some for me," Michelle said as she sat beside me opposite of Jenny.

"Do you mind if I cut in," Michelle asked Jenny.

Jenny responded with a nod and Michelle took my chin in her hand, guided my head to face hers, and then leaned in for our kiss. It lasted just as long as my kiss with Jenny and ended with Susan's "ahem."

"May I have a kiss too?" she begged after our eyes made contact.

"Yes." I said and stood to meet her gaze. I placed one hand behind her to hold her back while my other hand lightly held her cheek. We kissed each other for a little while longer than the others. She was a bit friskier. One of her hands ended up caressing my butt. The other hand was on my left breast.

"Lisa, this is so hot..." Jenny mentioned.

"...I guess this means that you've come to terms with last Saturday." Michelle continued.

Those two seem to end each others sentences.

"Indeed I have. I have to apologize for the awkward 'morning after.' Everything happened so quickly last time I just wanted to make sure it's what I wanted. I wanted to make sure that nobody was hurt. I wanted..." I said as I was cut off.

Susan put her finger to my lip and looked me in the eye.

"We understand completely, we want those same things for you." She said.

At that we had a group hug and exchanged quick kisses.

"Hey." I said. "Who wants to join me in watching the movie?"

In unison three sexy voices were heard saying "I do."

We all kicked off our heels and got into the makeshift bed and sat back for a relaxing evening. The screen showed a blond woman in partial lingerie standing while a brunette woman, with hands tied behind her, knelt in front of the blonde. The blonde was using her mouth and face as a bicycle seat and seemed to be enjoying herself.

Jenny and Susan were enjoying the scene too. I looked over and found them lock-lipped with each other.

"Oh get a room you two." I joked.

Susan smacked me with a pillow while Jenny giggled, and then they resumed their kiss.

Michelle and I sat back to enjoy the show. Their kiss gave way to some light touching and then to some heavy petting. Susan's hand looked so cute playing within the lavender panties. Jenny's hand was lost in Susan's green thong. They noticed that they had an audience and stopped what they were doing. Susan called me over to her.

"Here." She said as she offered me her fingers.

After I cleaned off her fingers, Jenny offered me her fingers to clean as well. Once they were 'clean' they continued in their ways.

"That was sexy." Michelle told me.

"Not as sexy as those two." I said pointing at Jenny and Susan.

We continued to watch them. My hand found its way to my breast. The other found its way within my panties. I was getting moist and the night was just beginning. I guess Michelle was mimicking me (or vice-versa) because a moment later she offered me her fingers to clean. I returned the gesture and offered her my fingers as well. We both looked each other in the eye as we sucked on the 'treats' we were given. Once the fingers were cleaned we leaned in for another great kiss. I really enjoyed the way her tongue lightly caressed my lips. Our tongues danced and our hands found their way to each others 'lower area.'

"Ummmmm," I moaned as I felt her finger slide into me. A moment later my finger found its way behind the crotch of her teddy and slid into her.

What a sigh that must have been! There were two pairs of sexy women kissing and fingering each other. The room was starting to get 'that smell.' Soft moans and squishes could be heard, both from the screen and from the bed.

Going for better access, I unsnapped the crotch of Michelle's teddy. We turned towards one-another for a better angle and I was able to slip another finger inside her. My panty was barely a barrier as she was fingering me with two digits. We took breaks to offer each other our fingers to taste. Then I had an idea. The next time she offered me her fingers I put them in her mouth along with mine so that she could taste both of us at the same time. Luckily she returned the gesture.
