 Emily and I had been meeting up regularly ever since that first night to indulge in hour upon hour of delicious, wet, girl on girl fun. I was hooked – although I still liked men and how they made me feel, there was nothing like letting another woman explore your body and take you to new heights.

As we lived quite a way apart, we found it was easier for both of us to travel to a central point and check into a hotel to indulge in our pleasure. On this particular day I had arrived at the hotel before Emily, checked in and dropped my bag off in our room before heading down to the bar.

I had gone for a smart-casual look of black jeans and black boots with a stiletto heel, with a white fitted t-shirt. I sat at the bar and sipped my drink as I waited for my playmate, thinking back to our first meeting. Emily had taken the lead then, and although she hadn’t exactly taught me, she had guided me gently, and I’d secretly been hoping ever since that I would be able to do something to thank her for introducing me to the delights that one woman could give another.

It had hit me after we had set the date for this most recent meeting. Something Emily had said to me after our first time. She had told me that she’d always wanted to be put over someone’s knee and spanked. I’d forgotten about it up until that point, but when I remembered I decided I would make her little fantasy come true. At first I’d been unsure how to go about it – I’m certainly no Dominatrix, and the idea of trying to be one didn’t appeal. After some deliberation I came to the conclusion that it didn’t have to be done within role-play, it could simply be done for what it was – a fantasy come true.

So I was sat at the bar with a glass of white wine, keeping a close eye on the door, not wanting to miss her arrival. My face broke into a grin when I saw her enter. She looked absolutely gorgeous, in a pair of cargo pants that sat low on her hips, and a vest top to match. She looked for all the world like she’d just stepped out from the pages of a fashion catalogue, and I marvelled at how she managed it. I watched her scan the room for me, and then she bounded over, dumping her bag at my feet.

We gave each other a fairly reserved welcome, seeing as we were in a public place, but I could feel the lust practically radiating from her. We ordered another bottle of wine and disappeared off to our room, neither of us being able to wait for the moment when our heads would be between each other’s legs.

As soon as the room door was shut, Emily pulled me into her arms and started to kiss me. I relaxed for the moment and let her take the lead, feeling her tongue tease my lips apart and push gently into my mouth, searching out my own. Unable to hold back any longer, I pulled her closer to me and kissed her back hard, exploring her mouth, while my hands slipped down her body to her backside. I squeezed it gently, caressing it, loving the feeling of being so close to her again.

I slid my hands up again and pulled her top over her head, then reached behind and unhooked her bra. As soon as her beautiful breasts were exposed, I lowered my head and took her left nipple into my mouth; running my tongue all around it, feeling the skin tighten and the small bud harden in my mouth. 

Emily gasped in delight, and put one hand on the back of my head, at the same time thrusting her chest forward, trying to force more of her into my mouth. I summoned all my willpower to refrain from devouring her on the spot, and turned my attention to her other breast, leaving my fingers to continue playing with her left tit.

I murmured to her softly with my mouth on her breast, urging her to undress herself the rest of the way. She whispered, “You too,” but I smiled and shook my head gently. I knew exactly what I was going to do to her, and if I wanted to keep myself from being lost to her charms, I was going to have to keep my clothes on for now. 

She did as I asked, and soon as her pants and thong were around her ankles I kissed my way down her chest and stomach, before blowing gently on to her pussy. I could smell her arousal, and she was struggling to keep upright, so I moved my hands round behind her on to her buttocks and held her firm as I flicked my tongue across her clit. I felt her hands grip my shoulders as I probed further, sliding my right hand up her thigh, and stroking a couple of fingers across her wet opening. I gently pushed a finger into her, and smiled at the look of pleasure on her face. It never ceased to amaze me how warm and welcoming she felt, but today I had other plans, so I drew my finger out again slowly and put it into my mouth, slowly licking off her juices, loving the taste.

She was naked now, and I managed to remain fully clothed, so I took her hand and walked over to the bed. I sat down on the edge and Emily sat next to me, looking extremely beautiful and very vulnerable. I loved it. I pulled her to me again and kissed her hard, making sure to pull away before she was properly done. I saw her pout slightly and tried not to laugh – god she looked gorgeous! I looked her straight in the eyes.

“You know, I was thinking earlier of something you told me on our first night together. About something you said you’ve always wanted to try…” I waited to see if she’d remember, but I couldn’t see a flicker of understanding. I reached out and toyed with her nipples one by one, pinching and twisting them gently, listening to her squeaks of pleasure. “You really don’t remember do you?” I smiled.

“No…I remember that our first night together was amazing, but I don’t remember telling you any fantasies…” she replied, “Why, what did I say?”

“Y’know babe, I think it would be easier if I showed you, but to do that, I need to you to come on over here,” I said, catching Emily off guard as I pulled her, quickly but not too forcefully, towards and then across me. I put my left hand reassuringly between her shoulder blades, and then let the other roam over her backside, stroking and squeezing the soft warm flesh that would shortly be even warmer. “You told me you wanted to be put over someone’s knee and spanked, so I thought, well why shouldn’t the someone be me?”

I waited a few moments to give Emily the chance to back out, but instead I heard a soft moan of lust and, “Mmmmm…. Why not….”

Taking a deep breath, I summoned my concentration (not easy with Emily wriggling about on my lap stark naked), and aimed a smack across her perfectly formed cheeks. It sounded very loud in the room, and Emily jumped and then moaned again, grinding her pussy into my lap. Gaining confidence I began to spank her steadily, watching in delight as her pale skin began to turn a light shade of pink. I paused briefly to give my palm a rest, and heard Emily moan, 

“Harder…..please…?” 

I almost didn’t believe what I’d just heard, but then decided to go with it and use the opportunity to get into character a little more…

“You want it harder? I wonder…” I slipped my hand down between her legs, where it instantly got soaked with Emily’s juices. “You bad girl,” I told her, punctuating each word with a slap, “You’re getting off on this aren’t you?”

“Oooooooh, yesssssss,” she hissed, still grinding her pussy against my legs. “Please don’t stop…need to be spanked more…”

Hardly believing my luck that she had been so receptive, I steadily increased the force of the smacks as I rained them down on her delicious backside, being careful to move around so she’d never know where the next one was going to land. As her skin started to turn a much deeper shade of red, I paused for longer between the spanks, alternating them with my fingers in her dripping pussy.

Eventually, I stopped the spanking altogether, and pulled her legs a little further apart. I gently stroked her delicate outer lips as I said,

“Ok, that’s your spanking done with. Now I’m going to finger fuck this wet hole of yours while you rub your clit against my lap like a bitch in heat…and I want you to cum hard…”

Without any further warning, I pushed two fingers into her welcoming pussy and began to fuck her at a nice steady pace, watching in delight as her bright pink cheeks rose and fell as she humped against my lap. I reached my left hand under her torso and sought out her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and I took great delight in making sure that they stayed that way – squeezing her tits hard and flicking and pinching the hard buds.

Emily’s moans suddenly became a shade louder, and I felt her pussy start to contract around my fingers. I pushed them in deep and held them there as she squirmed on my lap, gasping and moaning. I slowly withdrew them and stroked my hands over her body as she came down from the peak I smiled to myself – she was positively purring!

She manoeuvred herself gracefully off of my lap and then flung herself at me, wrapping her arms around my neck and kissing me deeply.

“Thank you so much! I never even began to think it would be that good! When can we do it again?” I laughed and shook my head. “Not for a while hun – we wouldn’t want it to become boring, now would we?”

“Mmmm, good point. Anyway, what about you? It must be my turn now…” she trailed off with a wicked grin on her face. I knew that look – it meant I was most probably in for the time of my life. Again.  :o)

Emily slipped off the bed and started to undress me, then told me to lay back and enjoy. And I certainly wasn’t going to argue. I watched Emily as she licked her way up my body – I could feel myself getting more and more tense as she got closer to my pussy. She blew on it lightly, sending a wave of relaxing pleasure through me. I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling, when she lowered her mouth right on to me and began to tongue my clit furiously. I was already incredibly horny from out earlier adventures, and I felt my climax building straight away. I reached down and held her head in place as I started to cum…

“Ooooh, goddddddd……more…..don’t stop……eat me…….” In the throes of my orgasm I was suddenly aware of two of Emily’s small fingers pushing into my pussy. She pumped them in and out relentlessly whilst I came all over them. As the feelings abated I opened my eyes again and watched her licking her fingers clean, which got me hot all over again. I motioned to her and she smiled and crawled on to me and lowered her pussy to my face. 

For the first time that day I tasted her, and as usual, couldn’t get enough. I copied her movements on me, pushing my tongue deep into her dripping channel, and letting my fingers wander around her clit. She moaned into my pussy, sending amazing vibrations right to the centre of my being…it turned me on beyond belief. I glanced up briefly and saw Emily’s bottom inches from my face, still pink from her spanking. I smiled and reached up, landing a couple more slaps – one on each cheek. She moaned into my pussy again, grinding her own back on to me. I replaced my tongue with my fingers, pumping her wet hole whilst I tickled her clit with my tongue.

It wasn’t long before I could feel her coming all over my hand for the second time that day, and the thought that I’d given her so much pleasure pushed me over the edge again, and I came into Emily’s waiting mouth. We carried on licking and sucking each other until there were no more juices to drink, then as the intense feelings ebbed away we slowly moved in to a sitting position, me leaning back on Emily as she wrapped her arms around me and idly played with my breasts and showered my neck with delicate kisses. I tilted my head up to look at her, smiling, she aimed a kiss to my lips.

“So did you enjoy it?”

“Definitely. I can’t believe you remembered! Promise we can do it again?”

I let my hand slip down to between Emily’s legs, still feeling traces of wetness, looked back at her and smiled. “We certainly can you sexy, naughty girl…” I licked my fingers clean. “Hey, you’re blushing! That must mean you’re guilty, so you’ll have to get spanked extra hard next time!”

Emily giggled and hugged me tighter, “I really can’t wait babe. I’ll have to come up with some more fantasies to tell you about for the future.”

In response I kissed her hard and deep, thinking to myself, “It really doesn’t get any better than this…”