 Maria sails past my cubicle, long legs striding quickly, thick red hair bouncing off her shoulders. I admire her firm ass, sculpted in a pair of tight black pants as she makes her way down the hall. Pure, raw sensuality, she’s definitely got it going on. And got me going as well, judging by the throb I feel in my clit as I watch her.

Fortunately for me, her desk is positioned so that regardless of where I’m going, I have to walk by it. Needless to say, I’ve been doing a lot of photocopying lately. Just the sight of her small perfect breasts and that dazzling energetic smile are more than enough reason for me to increase office paper consumption by 25%.

“What in the world is going on here,” I keep thinking to myself. “I’m straight for cryin’ out loud, I’m in love with Johnny.”

And then, along comes Friday …

“Hey, who’s up for drinks at Katie Bloom’s?” someone shouts from down the hall at 4:30 that day.

“Me, me, me,” answer a multitude of overworked grunts.

“Alexis, you comin’ with us?” I hear a voice ask from behind me as I shut my radio off, neatly lining up my stapler and tape dispenser.

“Yeah sure Heather, maybe for a couple,” I reply with a smile, “I’ll just meet you guys there.”

Katie Bloom’s seems practically empty as I walk in, eyes adjusting to the darkness as I look around for my co-workers. The smell of old beer and grease hangs in the air while the guy behind the bar keeps busy putting away newly washed glasses.

“Alexis, over here,” Heather waves from a table in the back.

Approaching the table I’m surprised to see only Heather and her husband Craig sitting with Maria.

“What the hell?” I ask, pulling out a rickety wooden chair beside Maria, “where is everyone?”

“California equals flakes,” Maria laughs, grabbing a glass and pouring me a beer from the pitcher on the table, “you should know that by now.”

“Oh well,” Heather says cheerfully, her face flushed from the beer, “maybe they’ll show up later.”

I sip my Sam Adams, trying to catch a glimpse of Maria from the corner of my eye. Condensation from the bottom of her glass has dripped onto her white t-shirt leaving tiny little wet spots across her chest. As I rub my hands down my thighs, I try desperately to remember what we were talking about 5 minutes ago.

“So Alexis,” Maria asks, turning towards me, “how’s the new job?”

“Err fine, no complaints so far,” I reply, my eyes drinking in the sight of her full, sensuous mouth. “Everyone’s been very friendly.”

“I’m so glad to hear that,” she smiles, as she gives my arm a gentle squeeze.

The four of us pass the time, idly chatting about work, the new Matrix movie, how quickly the year’s gone by. One pitcher of beer becomes two, which then becomes three until finally Heather and Craig push back their chairs to get up.

“We’ve gotta get up early to drive to Fresno tomorrow guys,” Heather says, “so we’re heading out. Don’t stay all night.”

“Whatever you say, Mom,” I joke, pouring myself another beer.

“Johnny out of town this weekend, Alexis?” Maria inquires after they’ve left, head tilted to the side, a tiny smile on her face.

“Yah, Texas on business, I really miss him,” I sigh, “you know how it is sometimes.”

“Yes Alexis, I do,” she nods, her finger slowly circling the rim of her beer glass.

“OK, well I’ll be right back,” I tell her, getting up from the table, “just gotta make a quick trip to the restroom.”

The restroom smells and looks as though it hasn’t been cleaned in 6 months. I fling open the stall door and sit down, trying to dry off my sweaty palms with the toilet paper. As I finish up and grab my purse I hear the restroom door open, the sound of high heels clicking across the tile floor.

“Everything OK, Alexis?” asks Maria, as she leans against the rusted out sink.

“Oh sure, just need to brush my hair and I’ll be done,” I assure her, pulling a brush from my purse.

I reach up to slide off the elastic holding my hair in a ponytail and begin to shake the curls free.

“Do you need some help?” she asks, standing behind me.

Glancing in the scratched mirror, I see her standing behind me, hand outstretched. I feel my nipples start to harden at the thought of her touching me. 

“Well sure, if you’re offering,” I reply, handing her the brush.

Gently she pulls the brush through my long hair, patiently tugging out the knots, her body close to mine. The smell of her exotic perfume swirls around me, a seductive mix of jasmine and rose as I watch her in the mirror. As she hands me back the brush she smiles and moves closer. Her strong fingers begin to massage the back of my neck, thumbs kneading the tight muscles as her hands caress my shoulders.

“Alexis, why so tense?” she whispers, her breath hot against the back of my neck.

“Well long day, new job, you know how it is Maria, really busy, lots goin’ on,” I stammer, trying to dislodge the large lump in my throat.

“Really?” she replies quietly. “Well you need to learn to relax then.”

I feel the delicate touch of her fingers sliding across my shoulders and down my arms. She places her hands on my waist, turning me around.

Her lips touch mine, the taste of ale on her moist tongue. We kiss, our breasts pressed together, hips grinding as the soft strain of Miles Davis’ “Sketches of Spain” drifts in from the bar. Maria slides a long finger up the inside of my thigh, slowly rubbing against my cunt.

“I want you,” she murmurs in my ear. Her hands slide beneath my shirt, releasing my bra. My breath catches in my throat as she pushes up my clothes, my swollen breasts exposed in the fluorescent light.

Tongue flitting across her lips, her silky hair covers my breast as she sucks on my fat nipple. The hard metal of the sink digs into my ass as I lean back. Spreading my legs I feel my clit throb with pleasure as she teases my puckered flesh with her teeth.

I reach down to undo her pants, moaning deeply as I realize she is naked underneath. I lower myself to the floor, pulling her pants down at the same time. Gazing at the pale red curls covering her fat mound I draw my finger between her creamy lips. Finger to mouth, the rich, lush taste of her seduces my tongue.

“Lick it Alexis,” I hear her gasp as I carefully spread her luscious lips. My thumb rubs her clit as I slip my tongue inside her, digging, probing, my lips covered with her juice. God she tastes so good, so sweet I think to myself. Sucking on her pulsing bud my fingers go searching for her special spot. Feeling the rough skin beneath my finger, I press tentatively, tenderly.

“Oh God Lexi, don’t stop,” she groans, “feels so good baby, rub it harder baby, I need to cum.”

I pop the snap on my jeans, thrusting my hand into the wet satin of my panties, grabbing my cunt. As I shove two fingers up my dripping hole I fuck Maria faster, biting at her hard clit as she pushes herself into my face.

Fingers slick with her thick cream, I draw circles on her spot, doing the same to myself. I look up to see her naked tits, her fingers frantically pulling at her huge, dark nipples. So goddamn hot, her head thrown back, lips parted, whispering my name …


“Lexi, so close lover, so close, cum with me baby, fuck my cunt,” she pleads.

Stroking myself deeper and deeper I dig my tongue into her clit. The muscles in her pussy contract around my fingers, squeezing them as her juice runs down my hand. 

“Do it, do it,” she growls as she bucks against my hand, her orgasm ripping through her. A slow warmth starts deep in my pussy as I feel the waves roll over me, the intoxicating taste of Maria in my mouth.

“Good, so fuckin’ good,” I whisper into her soft skin as the last wave finally ends.

I stand up and we wrap our arms around each other, her lips nuzzling tenderly at my neck.

“Did you like that Alexis?” she questions shyly.

“Mmm, yes baby,” I answer, my hands on her tight ass.

“Better than Johnny?” she teases.

“Almost …”