 Blue held my ass and put the most skillful tongue in the world to work, licking my juices from my thighs... giving my tender skin long licks up my inner thighs, stopping just short of my pussy each time. I could hear her purring very softly for me... kissing and sucking my skin.

I weaved my fingers through her hair, over and over while her tongue made my pussy throb hard without even touching it. My juices were flowing heavier now, and my baby covered my entire pussy with her mouth to catch them. My body tensed and I squealed just a little as she sucked my pussy, relishing my juices... 

Oooooooohhhhhhhh fuck... my hot lover was about to make me cum!

Blue sucked me harder now and fucked me with her long tongue... she made sexy-squishy sucking sounds with her warm wet mouth on my pussy.

She knew my orgasm was very close and she just kept pushing her face hard into my pussy, trying to reach the back of my pussy with her tongue!

She gripped my ass with her nails dug in... I leaned back and slid my ass to her, giving her all of my burning pussy... 

... THEN I CAME SO FUCKING HARD!

Without letting up, Blue kept sucking me... she attacked my pussy with her tongue, letting my huge amount of cum flow into her mouth... she kept sucking and swallowing my cum down her throat... holding my ass harder... riding my pussy with her mouth!

When my orgasm FINALLY ended, my hot baby licked the last of my cum from my pussy... sucking on my swollen orchid just a little... kissing all over my pussy. All I could was sit there and LOVE it!

Only seconds before our dinner arrived, Blue reappeared beside me, wiping her face with a napkin. 

I said to Blue, in front of him, "Thank-you, Blue... that was sooooooo delightful." 

Blue replied, "Delightful for both of us, my love." 

At that, our server paused and looked at both of us, then finished what he was doing. 

When he left, we both fell apart, giggling like hell!

We ate our dinner and left the restaurant, headed for the elevator. Blue had her arm around me, resting on my hip, but under my dress. I don't care... I belong to Blue... and it makes me hot as hell for her to show the world what she has... and it excites me to death to show HER off... and to show everyone they can't have her... she is mine. All fucking MINE.

I don't know what it is about elevators that brings out my devil side. It IS a private elevator... no one else is getting on, so it's not a "danger of being caught thing." I pressed Blue against the elevator wall, and while looking right into her eyes, undid her pants, zipper and all.

"My turn now, my sweet lover... and I am going to make you a VERY lucky woman."

While I slid my hand inside her pants, my lips pressed roughly to hers... she grabbed my hair and pulled me against her, eagerly kissing and sucking my lips. Our tongues fucked and we tried to get more of each other's mouths... 

... my finger slipped inside her already-soaked pussy and she screamed while kissing me, then she barely parted our lips, speaking breathlessly... 

"Fuck... Sunny... yes, baby... my pussy is all yours... pleeeeeeeeeeeease fuck me, Sunny!"

I traced my tongue around her lips, letting her feel my breath on her mouth... 

"I WILL fuck you, baby... Sunny will take possession of Blue's pretty pussy... I love being your wife and your very own nympho... you make me want to be VERY hot and slutty for you!"

Blue whimpered and dug her nails in my ass, fucking my mouth with her tongue. FUCK! I love that!

We arrived at our room and the door opened. I took Blue's hand and led her to the bed to sit on the edge... I started to remove her clothes while giving her wet little kisses on her lips and looking into her eyes. I pulled on her bottom lip, then kept my mouth close to hers... 

"Now, my sweet baby... tell your hot, slutty wife, who loves you intensely and would do anything you want in bed, what it is Blue desires."

"Everything!"

I had her clothes off... I smiled at her... 

"Spread your legs for Sunny, baby... "

Blue eagerly scooched her ass to the edge of the bed and spread her gorgeous legs... I buried my face between her velvety-smooth thighs, sliding my wet tongue right next to her pussy... on her other inner thigh, I gave her skin little sucks and lip-nibbles, each one making Blue's body jump and making her inhale very hard each time. 

She grabbed my hair and softly squealed, the closer I got to her pussy.

I raised back up on my knees and slid my finger through her pussy, then got very close to her, looked into her eyes, letting her watch me spread her juices on my lips... 

"My my my... I DO love your pussy, baby."

Blue was watching me, her entranced eyes glazed over, her mouth open... Then, she grabbed handfuls of my long hair and pulled me closer... 

"FUCK ME SUNNY! I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO, BUT IT HAS TO BE HARD! FUCK YOUR BABY HARD!!"

I was still on my knees... I smiled at her, then held the back of her knees, pushed her backward and spread her legs. Holding her like that, I attacked her pretty pussy with my mouth, pushing my face hard against her to fuck my tongue waaaaaaaaaaaay inside her as far as I could!

Good thing we had the penthouse with no neighbors! Blue was screaming so loud, the bedside lamps rattled! She had a firm grip on my hair while she screamed, pulling hard on it... screaming for more of my tongue!

"SUCK MY PUSSY! YEAH SUNNY! SUCK MY PUSSY HARD!"

Blue's sweet juices were pouring from her and I was noisily sucking them into my mouth, swallowing every drop! I wanted to make Blue cum, so I sucked her swollen clit into my mouth and kept it there while my tongue rubbed it to death... one finger inside her pussy, swirling it around in a circle, hitting her g-spot every time around... 

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK SUUUUUUUUUNN EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

Blue came so fucking hard! Her body bucked against my hands and arms with hard spasms and she screamed EVEN LOUDER! I kept at her, letting her cum flow down to her ass without letting up until her orgasm ended.

My baby was still on the edge of the bed, lying on her back, her thigh muscles quivering, whimpering and trying to catch her breath... 

"Oh... Sunny... fuck... Sunny baby... "

I stood and leaned over her and gave her lips lots of wet little kisses... 

"I love you, my sweet baby... and I am sooooooo not done with you!"

I roughly-but-playfully flipped her onto her tummy, her legs still hanging over the edge of the bed... Blue screamed with absolute joy, but started purring with total pleasure when I spread her ass cheeks and started licking her cum from deep between her cheeks... her body tensed and she made soft little squeals when I teased her opening with my tongue... 

"Oooooooohhhhhh Sunny, please... pleeeeeeeeease tongue-fuck my ass! Please baby, please? Real deep, okay?"

Remember the bullet vibe she put in my pussy to torture and tease me? While licking around her opening, I removed it from my pussy. I turned it on "high." 

Both at the same time, I plunged it DEEP inside her pussy and pounced my mouth between her asscheeks, instantly fucking my tongue into her ass!

Oh my goodness! You've never HEARD such a scream in all your life! My baby grabbed handfuls of the bed covers and ferociously fucked her ass back against my tongue, trying to get my tongue farther into her... I could feel her entire body spasming now... 

"DAMMIT SUNNY! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! YES BABY! MAKE ME CUM!"

Much harder now, I fucked my tongue into her ass and helped her hold the vibrator deep her pussy, my finger massaging her g-spot... her screaming was continuous now... her body was shaking hard AND fucking against my tongue! 

Oh, there was a HUGE earthquake building deep within her!

Suddenly, oh FUCK! Did she ever cum hard! I kept riding her with my tongue, the vibrator and my finger!

I caught as much of her cum as I could with my other hand... her orgasm eased off, then ended... Blue crawled the rest of the way onto the bed and collapsed on the mattress.

She was alive... barely... 

I spread her cum all over my tummy, then laid beside her, pulling the covers up. I gently rolled her onto her side and wrapped my arms and legs around her to make her feel safe, cherished and forever loved... I kissed her very deeply, then looked into her half-open eyes... 

"I love you so much, my sweet Blue."

My baby managed a smile. "I love YOU, Sunny... a whole bunch!"

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny