 I have had a hard day at work, and on my way home decide to treat myself by stopping off for a quick drink at a very pleasant little wine bar. I walk into the dimly lit place, buy a glass of white wine at the bar and sit down at a small table right up against the wall, and out of sight of most of the rest of the bar area.

I sit, staring into space blessedly free from thought when a movement to my right catches my eye. I turn my head and see a very attractive blonde woman sit down at a table across the room, also on her own. She’s dressed fairly casually in indigo blue jeans with a soft white sweater, and black leather boots. She pulls a book out of her bag and begins to read. 

I try to go back to my previously thoughtless state, but find that I cannot take my eyes off of the woman. I can’t help staring – she’s beautiful, and seems totally unaware of it. She suddenly looks up and catches my eye, and smiles at me. A bright, genuine smile that dazzles. I blush, and stare down at the table in front of me. As soon as I’m sure that she’s turned her attention back to her book, I look again. The next time she smiles, I manage to keep my head and smile back.

My stomach tightens as I realise that she’s stood up, picked up her bag and is walking towards me. She stops right next to me, and I want to reach out and touch her.

“Do you mind if I sit down?”

Her voice is soft and friendly. “Of course not, go ahead,” I reply, simply not believing my luck. She sits gracefully, putting her book back into her bag. We’re silent for a moment, and then she speaks again.

“I couldn’t help but notice that you kept looking at me, I wondered if you wanted to talk. I’m Emily by the way,” she says.

“Alice,” I smile back again, totally captivated by her deep brown eyes. “I’m sorry if you thought I was being rude,” I say, “but I couldn’t help noticing how pretty you are.”

She giggles shyly, and I can’t believe what I just said. I worry that she’ll leave, but instead she reaches out briefly and touches my hand. 

“You too.” She hesitates, then says, “I don’t suppose that…” she trails off and shakes her head.

“Don’t suppose I’d what?” I ask, my heart thumping in my chest. Various thoughts are racing through my head, but I don’t dare to entertain any of them properly just yet.

It’s Emily’s turn to blush and she rushes the words out so fast I only just catch them. “I was going to ask if you wanted to finish your drink up in my room. I’m staying in the hotel upstairs, maybe it would be nicer to talk there…” the tone of her voice raises into a question as she finishes the sentence.

I’m stunned at her forthrightness, but manage to nod dumbly. She smiles again, and takes my hand and pulls me towards a door near our table that leads upstairs to the hotel. I just have time to grab my drink before she pulls me into the hallway.

I see her take a quick look around, and then she guides me gently backwards to lean against the wall, and presses her lips to mine. I grip my glass tighter as I let her take charge. She breaks the kiss without a word, takes my hand again and starts to walk up the stairs. 

“I guess you must be a little shocked,” she says. “I mean, I’m not normally this up front, but when I saw you I had to at least try to have you.”

This was it – I knew that if I though too much about the situation I was in, I’d never go through with it, and this was something that I’d been fantasising about for too long to let the chance slip by. I put my drink on the dressing table, and walked right up to Emily, so close that our breasts were almost touching. I put my hands on her waist, then moved them down and round behind her, stroking them over her backside. I squeezed a little, and heard her moan softly. I raised my head and kissed her full on, pulling her tightly to me and pushing my tongue into her mouth to explore. Although still forceful, the kiss seemed gentler than kisses I’d had with men. 

I slowly kissed my way across Emily’s neck, and slid my right hand down to between her legs. She moaned loudly as I rubbed my hand over the denim. I couldn’t wait to feel her skin beneath my hand for real, and started to unbutton the jeans, hooking my fingers over the waistband and pulling them down, all the time kissing her, slipping my tongue in and out of her hot mouth. She responded, caressing me and starting to remove my clothes. I pulled her sweater over her head, and pushed my hands into her bra. Her breasts were only a little larger than mine, in proportion to her stature. I held them gently, my thumbs playing over her nipples, watching them harden. Soon our clothes were strewn all around the room and still continually touching each other, we made our way to the bed.

We lay down and were lost in the delights each had to offer. I raised myself up slightly, running my hands all over her naked body, stroking and squeezing… as my confidence grew I began to taste her as well, taking her hard nipples into my mouth making them even more sensitive to my touch. Emily writhed and moaned beneath me as I knelt beside her, exploring everything I could find.

I stroked my hand from her breasts right down to her pussy – as I slipped my hand between her thighs I could feel the heat radiating from it. I stroked a finger down her slit and found she was soaking wet. I gently pushed a finger inside her, feeling her hot channel tighten around it… I slowly finger fucked her, my other hand playing with her breasts, which I seemed to be developing an obsession with…she moaned for me to fuck her harder and I naturally obliged, working her into a frenzy before slowly withdrawing my finger from her dripping pussy. I put the finger to my mouth, then changed my mind and instead held it to her lips. She took hold of my hand and sucked furiously on my finger, cleaning off her juices until every drop was gone.

She sat up and kissed me again, pushing her tongue deep into my mouth, so that I could taste traces of her – it was sweet, slightly different to my own taste, and incredibly desirable – I felt another surge of horniness as I imagined getting a better taste soon, picturing myself with my head between her legs, pushing my tongue into her hot wet pussy…

I lay back on the bed and she began to return my earlier favour, one of her hands running over my breasts while she gently pushed two fingers into my very wet opening. She pushed her fingers in and out, there was a definite air of confidence about the way she moved her hands on my body – she had done this before and really had some skill…I closed my eyes and moaned into her mouth as she kissed me again.

I finally decided I couldn’t take much more and wriggled round underneath Emily until her beautifully trimmed pussy was immediately above me. I raised my head slightly and let my tongue brush across her outer lips. She moaned in delight and so I did it again, liking the fact that I had prompted the sound. No sooner had my tongue started gently exploring again than it was my own turn to gasp as she Emily began to lick me furiously. In response I stretched a little further and closed my lips around her clit…I flicked my tongue across it, knowing how good it would feel.

She moaned into my pussy, causing wonderful sensations, and then I felt her tongue pushing further into my hot channel. She started to literally fuck me with her tongue, and as soon as I got used to the feeling, she switched back to her fingers, thrusting them in and out with increasing speed, while she licked and sucked on my clit…

I felt my orgasm starting to rise, and did the same to her, wanting her to feel as good as I did. It definitely worked and she started to moan again…I recognised the sounds, knowing that she wasn’t far off coming herself. We kept up our delicious attentions on each other, with no thought to any amount of noise we might be making. We both rode the amazing crescendo of pleasure, our movements becoming faster as we neared orgasm. 

We came in perfect unison, keeping up the pleasure until the last, knowing when to ease off the pressure in favour of more gentle ministrations…as the intense feelings ebbed away Emily slowly moved off of me, and I turned round again so my head was once again on the pillow. She kissed me again and smiled, her eyes sparkling.

“Fancy another drink?”

I smiled back and reached out to play with her right nipple, watching it harden again under my touch. “As long as we can start all over again afterwards…”

“Definitely.” Emily stood and stretched, before pulling on jeans and a t shirt. She picked up our glasses and headed out of the room.

I lay naked on the bed staring after her, positively euphoric at discovering such a sensual side of myself. Then I got up and stretched, and as I turned my head I happened to glance into Emily’s holdall sat on the floor. I bent down to investigate further and smiled again as I pulled out a nine inch strap on toy. There were a couple of smaller vibrators as well. I put all the toys on to the bed, and then switched on one of the vibrators and ran it over my body. I wanted Emily to be greeted with a nice surprise when she got back with the drinks…