 To get a full understanding of this story please read "Woof" first. Thanks!



"Now remember pet, you are to be on your best behavior and do exactly as you are told," Master said as he finished tying a dark red silk scarf over my eyes. Why he wanted me blindfolded this time I wasn't sure but I didn't mind. It only added to the excitement I was already feeling.

I woofed to show my understanding and rubbed my head against Master's leg to show my thanks. I smiled inwardly as Master smiled and chuckled, patting my head a few times before exiting the spacious and private living room he allowed me to entertain in.

I wasn't sure why Master had told me to behave, though. This was Jakie who was coming to visit! I always behaved with him! I liked behaving with him. 

My freshly shaved and already moist inner heat grew even more humid with each thought of Jakie.

Jakie was the married non-submissive pet of Cleo Valentine, a gorgeous and confident woman who always wore something red.

Jakie was also my doggy style fuck buddy. Every time he came over I was guaranteed to have great doggy style sex. 

The two of us had met not too long ago when Master randomly came to me and told me that I had been such a good girl that I deserved a treat. Little had I known that my treat would come in the form of a well-endowed and possessive man named Jake!

The sound of the door opening roused me from my thoughts and caused me to go from lazily resting on my haunches to proudly kneeling on my knees with the palms of my hands flat on the recently washed navy blue shag rug Jakie usually fucked me on.

I forced myself to remain absolutely still as I heard someone enter the room and the door close behind them. I knew immediately that Jakie was not the person who had entered. My body knew each time he was near and every fiber of my being was telling me to be on high alert. 

Where was Jakie I silently cried. It had been eight days since I had last seen and touched him and my body was craving him. Oh how my body was craving him. I shuddered with longing and regret as something told me that I would not be seeing him today.

This was why Master had told me to be good and why he had likely blindfolded me. He was giving me to someone else.

I tensed as I felt the person who had entered the room approach me, a cool hand lightly touching my back from just below my neck to just above my ass which it then slapped. It was a woman who had entered; that much I could tell. The touch was too gentle to belong to a man. The slap on my ass was gentle enough that I neither flinched nor felt much pain. 

I delicately sniffed the air for a trace of perfume or something that would tell me who was here but got nothing. Just the smell of new leather.

The hand that had traced a path down my spine was now dipping down between my legs, probing my wet cunt. I bit my bottom lip as I felt two fingers enter me and closed my eyes behind the blindfold, thankful that Master had thought to use it. 

I'd never before had sex with another woman or even kissed one. I'd never met a woman I wanted to do those things with. Heck, I didn't know that I wanted to do this now, but...I'd promised Master I'd behave.

"Mm," a slightly familiar voice said from behind me, "so wet and tight. It's been a few days since you've been fucked, hasn't it girl?" the woman laughed softly, the sound making me cringe. "Well we'll change that."

Before I could begin to wonder what she meant by that I heard a click and felt something thick and rubbery enter me. It was a dildo! I was being fucked by a strap-on dildo! I knew this when I could feel cold leather against my ass as the dildo slid all the way inside of me. 

I let out a soft whine of fear and worry and tensed when a hand patted my head. "Am I being too rough on you, Krissie?"

"Cleo!" I gasped as I placed the woman's voice. I cringed knowing I had just broken out of pet mode but relaxed when Cleo chuckled with amusement. 

"I was hoping to keep this a surprise but yes, dear Krista, it is me. Watching Jake fuck you those few times he let me watch made me wonder what it would be like to take his place."

"And so you did," I finished for her. 

"Mm-hmm. Now no more speaking, please." Cleo slapped my ass harder this time. "You're Krissie, not Krista. I rather like the image of fucking a human pet. I love those whimpers and whines you make when you get excited and when you're coming." Cleo resumed moving back and forth, the strap-on sensuously sliding in and out of me. I decided to ignore the fact that she had spanked me in the hopes that it wouldn't happen again. 

Wanting to please her I allowed myself to enjoy what was going on. Sure it felt strange knowing it wasn't a guy I was being fucked by but it was still technically a penis that was inside of me. It was that which I focused on as waves of white hot lust began to pound through me. 

Now that I had decided to enjoy myself I allowed myself to loosen up and began rocking back and forth to meet Cleo's thrusts, furthering my enjoyment.

"Yes, that's it Krissie," Cleo moaned as she suddenly grabbed my hips as if holding on for dear life. Her thrusts picked up pace becoming more and more shallow as she began to succumb to what I hoped was the same erotic bliss I was feeling.

I howled—actually howled—as my body burst into erotic flames of joy and happiness. I was no whore (nor exactly virginal) but I could honestly say this was the first time I had come so hard that my body couldn't handle another round.

I collapsed onto the rug I was still on with a sigh, my head on the back of my hands, as I fought for the appropriate way to show Cleo my thanks for what had just happened. Unfortunately it was hard to convey what I felt with a bark or whine so I hoped Cleo wouldn't mind when I quietly said, "That was awesome."

Cleo, who had slid out of me soon after my howl, chuckled huskily and said, "I'm glad you thought so but I could use a little help...if you wouldn't mind?"

"You didn't enjoy what you did?" I was curious if she felt anything with a strap-on. I imagined she would feel something but I could also see how she would be left yearning.

I forced myself into a seated position facing Cleo. "Help how?" I asked hesitantly. I envisioned tons of things I wasn't ready to do like touching her intimately or kissing her or (ick!) using the strap-on on her!

My fears must have shown on my face because Cleo tossed her head back and laughed richly. "Oh Krista it is going to be such fun educating you!"

Educating me? Why would she do that, I wondered. And educate me how, exactly? She'd used my real name, not my pet name, which confused, and worried, me.

Cleo quickly sobered though her eyes were still filled with amusement. "You're pretty good at going down on a guy, wouldn't you say Krista?"

She'd used my real name again. "I guess so," I answered with a shrug. I'd never thought about it really. It was just something Ryan and Jake expected of me. 

Jake and I hadn't been sure if dogs really did give each other oral sex but he enjoyed a woman going down on him so I'd done it—and enjoyed it. I loved looking up at a guy's face as my mouth was bringing him to orgasm. It was a heady power knowing I had brought him that pleasure with just my mouth. I didn't use my hand. It took a lot to make me gag and a filled throat never bothered me. Even Jake's extra-large penis wasn't too much for me if I went slowly.

"Ever gone down on a woman?" Cleo asked me lightly. 

I shook my head quickly. 

Cleo laughed at that. "And you don't want to, I'm guessing?"

"Sorry, but—"

"Give it a try."

"I'd really rather n—what?"

"Give it a try," Cleo repeated in a clipped tone. She glowered at me, now every inch of her body a woman in charge.

I bit my lip as I tried to think of a way out of this. "Miss Cleo, I—"

"Miss Cleo...I like that. You may call me that from now on." She smiled at me though the smile was far from friendly or kind. "Smear some peanut butter or syrup or something on my clit if it'll help you but you are going to give it a try...or I go find Ryan and tell him you've been a bad girl." Cleo's expression took on a cold and haughty look. Little did she know that Ryan never hurt me. He would send me to the naughty room for a time-out to think about what I had done but that was it.

Still, my eyes widened at the unexpected threat from Cleo and I quickly debated leaving the room for the safety of Ryan's arms, but I didn't. 

Smear some peanut butter or syrup on her, she'd said. Well that didn't sound all that appealing to me, but then again neither did having to go down on her. I was caught between a potentially angry Master and a sexually repressed cunt.

All right, I'll give it a try, I thought to myself. 

I crawled on all fours towards Cleo, knowing the action would bring a smile back to her face (and it did).

By now Cleo was seated on a towel on the edge of the plush tan chintz sofa, her legs spread with her naked cunt in plain view in eager anticipation was she leaned against the back of the couch. Tossed over one arm of the couch were the black faux leather pants she had come in wearing. Her top half was covered with a black leather bustier which zipped up in the front and on her feet were what looked like red patent leather stiletto boots. All in all, the look was very sexy and very her. Cleo was always a woman in charge even when she wasn't truly in charge.

"Go ahead Krista," Cleo encouraged as she leaned her head back against the sofa and closed her eyes. "Give me a lick."

I wanted to burst out in laughter at her statement. Give her a lick? Lick her like she was a lollipop? That was the image that came to mind. I knew what she meant, though, but I just wasn't sure how to do it. 

Where did I start? 

With a penis I'd start at the head of it and work my way down. Looking at Cleo's engorged clit and furled vagina I was left wondering what was considered the head. Did I start at the top and work my way down? I couldn't bring myself to just reach in blindly with my tongue and hope it made her happy. The very thought of even tonguing the inside of Cleo's vagina made me want to shudder with revulsion. Not that I'd let her know that.

No. I'd stick to the outside and hope that made her happy.

I knew, as a woman, that the clit was generally the most sensitive part of a woman's sex. The right touch could send a woman over the edge in no time. That was what I would do.

I scooted as close as I could to Cleo and with a mental sigh leaned forward and lightly placed the tip of my tongue just above Cleo's clit. 

The taste wasn't what I expected it to be. Cleo tasted salty but still sweet. Deciding this would go faster if I used my hands I lightly used a hand to push down on Cleo's clit as I continued to tongue it, my other hand lightly stroking the inside of her thigh as I held that leg still. Cleo's thighs were trembling as she struggled to keep her legs still. 

"Yes," Cleo moaned. "A little harder though, Krista. I like it rough."

Okay. How did I make what I was doing rougher? I wasn't about to go any lower with my mouth and I wasn't sure if I could safely bite Cleo's clit without really hurting her or causing damage.

"I said harder, Krista!" Cleo tugged on my hair with annoyance which just annoyed me as well.

She wanted it harder? Fine. Time for me to learn how to make my hands useful

"As you wish Miss Cleo." With satisfaction I let my hand take the place my mouth wouldn't. 

"Yes...yes...y—you bitch!"

I chuckled as Cleo began to pant, losing all interest and abilities in speaking.

Looking up to get an idea of whether or not Cleo was enjoying my tongue on her clit and most of my hand inside of her extremely moist cunt I smiled against her skin as I noticed her slack jawed expression and the erratic rise and fall of her chest. She was totally enjoying this. And oddly enough, so was I!

* * * * *

"So my Krissie was a good girl?" Master asked some time later.

Cleo nodded lazily, her expression one of utter relaxed delight. "Oh yes," she affirmed huskily. "Krissie could not have been better behaved." She smiled at me then winked.

"Now I would like to talk to you about the possibility of Krista coming over to where Jake and I live? He and I have been talking, as I told you earlier, and we would like to try taking Krista on as our toy."

Their toy? A toy, I knew, was basically a living doll used (and abused) by one or more Dominants in whatever manner they chose. A toy had basically no rights except to be healthy and reasonably happy, and basically existed for the sexual gratification of whoever they were being used by at the time.

I so did not want to be anyone's toy!

"Master—"

"Don't start, Krista," Master warned me with a cold glare. His expression lightening he added a gentle "Go shower and relax, please. Change into that school girl outfit you know I like so much. I have a feeling you've been a naughty student today and are in need of some discipline!"

Knowing better than to correct Him or to expect Cleo to speak up for me I quickly nodded and scurried away to let Master and Cleo talk. 

Hurrying up the steps and in the direction of Master's bedroom I paused on the top step when I heard Master say, "It is Krista you want, not Krissie?"

"Yes," Cleo agreed. "Jake and I have talked it over and it would likely be too awkward with her unable to speak and be our toy. We want her to at least somewhat enjoy her time with us."

I shuddered as a tremor of dread danced down my spine. Cleo's tone was gentle and pleasant but it was what she wasn't saying that scared me. She wanted me to be able to express myself because she wanted to hurt me. That was my sudden fear.

But apparently Master didn't share my fear. "I believe I can allow you to borrow Krista for perhaps a day or two over the weekend."

Master's statement filled me with horror. He would really do that? Hadn't I suffered enough having to basically be Cleo's fuck-toy for a few hours?

"Wonderful!" I heard Cleo exclaim. "Now tell me, does Krista have any experience with bondage?"

To be continued with "Two Against One".