 It's funny how you never mean for things to turn out the way they do, but they always seems to work out.

It had been the week from hell. Nothing seemed to be going right for me. My car broke down; my boyfriend of three years left me for his hairdresser; my boss decided to choose this week to become "Sir Gropes-A-Lot"; then to top it all off, just as I was about to shut myself away for the weekend with a pint of Ben & Jerry's, my best friend calls and says she's having a crisis. She needs me to come over to her place "right away". 

I was having a hard enough time dealing with my own problems, much less hers. But, being the wonderful friend that I am, I threw my problems into the freezer with Ben & Jerry and left to conquer hers.

Mary had been my best friend for what seemed like forever. We had known each other since kindergarten. However, we hadn't truly become friends until high school, when I accidentally broke her boyfriend's nose with my history book. Hey, it's not like I meant to do it or anything. After his hospital visit, we all found it to be quite funny. Ever since that day, she and I have shared almost everything. Her secrets were mine; mine were hers. I helped her with her problems; she helped me with mine. She never balked when I needed her help so I couldn't do that to her. She had sounded so distraught over the phone. I grabbed my "take anywhere" backpack and jumped in the car. Her house was only a mile or so from mine. I could have walked the short distance, but as pitiful as she sounded I didn't want to take any longer than necessary.

She was waiting at the door for me. I had never seen her look so bad. Her eyes were swollen from crying and her hair was a mess. She threw herself into my arms and started bawling and babbling incoherently. 

I felt the best thing for me to do was get her inside and calm her down. "Mary, honey let's go inside." I guided her through the door and into the living room.

Once I managed to get her inside, I noticed that not only was she a mess, but so was her house. I wasn't sure what was going on, but I knew it couldn't be good. Mary was always a bit of a neat freak; especially compared to me. 

I sat her down on the couch and went in search of something strong to drink. Neither she nor I were regular drinkers, but we each kept an emergency bottle hidden in the cupboards. I mixed us both a drink, being sure to add a tad more to hers. She really looked like she needed it. 

Setting our glasses on the coffee table, I plopped on the couch and snuggled in close to her. "Ok sweetie, tell me everything." I said, taking her into my arms.

"It was awful! Do you remember me telling you about Barbara? You know, the chick with the big boobs from work? The one who wears all the really low cut tops and then dangles them in front of the guys? Well, this morning I walked into my boss' office to ask him about this case I'm working on and you won't believe this…He had her down on her knees in front of his desk and he was shoving his dick down her throat! He had his back arched and his hands were pushing her head down as hard as he could. It was like watching a train wreck! I couldn't look away! I actually stood there in shock and stared for a few seconds. I hate to admit it, but it almost turned me on. I mean, maybe if it wasn't my horrible boss and maybe if it wasn't her then it might have. To make things worse, as if it couldn't get worse, he turns and faces me! He smiled in that slimy way of his and said 'This is how you become a partner, Mary. You might want to take notes.' As if! Then he pulls out of her and spewed his cum all in her face. She turned to me smiling and licked it from around her mouth! I started gagging and ran out of the room. All the while I could hear their laughter. I swear I am never going back to that place! I don't care if I have to get a job flipping burgers. There is no way I can look at those two ever again!"

She finished her story, half-draped over me weeping openly. At first, I wasn't quite sure what to say. She was obviously traumatized. I briefly thought about my slimy boss and how I would feel to see him in that position. I almost gagged too.

I petted her dark curly head, crooning to her as you would a child. After a few minutes, I came up with a brilliant idea. 

"Hey, Mar, I have an idea." I forced her head up, smiling at her with my most evil smile.

"No. Hell no. Uh-uh. No way woman! I know what that smile means. It means that someone (quite possibly me) will suffer and know unbearable pain." She bounced up off of the couch in one fluid motion, leaving me to fall unceremoniously on my face. "You know what happens when you get these ideas! Lucy and Ethel didn't get into this much trouble!"

"Ah come on Mar! Just hear me out ok? I don't want to see you flipping burgers. God, I can smell the grease on your clothes now! Do you really want that? Do you want to work with "Junior McBurger" lusting after you over the fry vat and whacking off in the bathroom to fantasies of you in your greasy uniform?" (At this she whimpered somewhat miserably) "You know you don't. So just hear me out. We don't actually have to go through with it if you consider it a horrible idea."

"Fine, but first, give me my drink. I have a feeling I'm going to need it. Better yet, just go get the bottle."

I laughed and handed her the drink. "Here let's start with this. Then we'll see if the other is necessary. Come sit down, relax and let me regale you with my stupendous idea."

"Have you ever noticed how close the words "stupendous and stupid" are?" She said grinning at me.

"Ha-ha very funny" I replied sarcastically "Just sit down, hush, and listen."

"Ok, here's the plan. You can't go into work being cowed by the two of them. You have to take total control over the situation. You have to be the one with the power. Otherwise they are just going to use it against you at every opportunity. We are going to go through your closet and find your sexiest power suit: shortest skirt, tightest bust… the works. We're going to dress you up so that you can dress them down. He wouldn't have said that unless he wanted you in her position. Use that against him. As for her, we'll just go with pity. Make her feel ashamed of herself. Keep calling her your "poor dear" and stuff like that. When you go into work tomorrow, I want you to make sure you find every opportunity to bend over in front of him. Show him your ass and your boobs every chance you get. Do it inconspicuously. Don't let him know you are doing it on purpose. Then towards the end of the day, right before he goes home, walk into his office, ask him to have a seat if he's standing, and then plant one of your pumps firmly into the center of his chest. If it helps, you can sit on his desk, but it's better if you can stand. Then tell him in no uncertain terms- you can use your lawyer speak if necessary-, that there was no way you were giving him head. Tell him his dick was too small and that you really should have known considering the car he drives. Tell him that you'd rather be a peon, than be pissed on. Then, reach over, pat him on the cheek and walk out with your head high." I took a deep breath, proud that I had gotten all of that out without her saying one word.

I should have looked a bit closer at her during my explanation. She was sitting on the couch, mouth wide open, and a look of utter shock on her face. 

"It was a good idea, huh?" I asked eagerly.

"Umm, well, it was something." She replied.

"Oh come on! What's not to like about it?" I whined.

"Well," she began, "I'm not sure I have the balls to do something like that. What if he gets grabby? What if he shoves me into the supply closet or something? Look at me! Do I look like some dom that can just walk in and take control of every situation? Even before this, I could barely stand to look the man in the eyes. I'm a nerd, Lily, nothing more. I don't even know if I have a suit like that! That's what's wrong with your idea."

I suddenly felt deflated. I wasn't really sure how to respond. I was supposed to be helping her, not making her feel worse. I sighed deeply and took a long sip from my drink. I looked over at Mary and suddenly realized that even though she was a nerd, underneath all of that depressing frump, she was really hot. Now I just had to figure out a way to convince her of it. I thought about what always made me feel good about myself. I just hoped it would work for Mary too. 

I set my drink back down and walked over to her. By the time I was done, she was going to feel like the Queen of Sheba. "I know you're feeling crappy, but we're having none of that." I fully informed her. "Forget about that plan for now. I have another plan, but this one is just to make you feel better. I can't work with you being so glum."

She looked up at me hesitantly, a worried frown on her brow. "What are you planning on doing to me? I'm not sure if I want to go with you."

I smiled brightly, held out my hand and whispered, "Trust me."

She slowly put her hand in mine and stood.

I grabbed her hand and dragged her forcefully to her bedroom. It took a bit more force than I had planned because she kept digging in her heels. "Where are we going? Why are we going into the bedroom?" She kept whining. 

Once I got her into the bedroom I nudged her down onto the bed. She really got a worried look then. I just smiled. Then I turned my back on her and started rummaging through her chest of drawers. I threw bits and pieces of clothing at her until I had pulled out everything that I had been looking for. 

I then walked into her bathroom and started running the water in the tub, making sure to pour her bath oil in. 

"Ok sister, off with the clothes!" I ordered her.

"Why? What are you doing? I'm not doing anything else until you tell me what you have planned."

I gave her a look and made a move towards her. She leapt off the bed and ran a few steps from me. 

"Look, I want to help you feel better. What always makes me feel better is a bit of spa treatment. However, instead of handing you over to a spa, I'm going to do this for you. So, either you take them off or I will. One way or another you're getting naked and getting in the tub."

"Couldn't you have just said 'Mary, go take a bath.'?"

"I could, but I'm going to help you. I'm going to wash your back and your hair and make sure you relax. Now will you please get off those horrible clothes and get into the tub?"

She resisted still, so I quickly closed the space between us and grabbed her arm. I pulled her into the bathroom with her steadily smacking at my hands. 

"I'm going to do it, just give me a second." 

I gave her a little space and let her undress herself. She slowly stripped off everything except her panties. She put her hands over her breasts, thinking to shield them from me.

"Mar, we have the same parts. It's not like I haven't seen them before. Just get your ass in the tub before I put you there."

She blushed the entire time it took her to take off her panties and get into the tub. I laughed gently at her, making fun of her shyness. I knew that I was going to have to do something to break her out of her shell. I wasn't sure just what yet, but I knew I'd figure it out. In the meantime I was going to try to help her relax a little.

Once the water was finished, I turned it off and grabbed the soap. She was sitting rigid in the tub with her breasts still covered. 

"For the love of …. Would it help if I took off my top too? I don't want to get it wet anyway." 

She nodded somewhat, so I pulled off my blouse and threw it on the counter. Her eyes turned to saucers. 

"You aren't wearing a bra!"

"Neither are you." I laughed. 

"Yeah, but I was!"

"So, we're even now. Just hush and hand me the cloth."

I took the cloth from her and dipped it in the tub. She flinched and fidgeted around in the tub. . I ignored her protest and proceeded to lather the cloth. I pushed her head forward a bit so that I could reach her back. I ran the cloth over her back, making small circles with it. After a few minutes her back was covered with bubbles and she was sighing. I knew she was slowly breaking. I set the cloth on the tub and massaged her back and shoulders. The lather on her back made my hands slip easily over her skin. I had to lean in further when I massaged her shoulders and neck, causing my breast to brush up against her slick back. I thought I heard her whimper but I ignored it. I decided to help her out a little more with her bath. I took each arm and washed it thoroughly making sure to massage each one afterwards. She never made a noise other than to sigh or gasp. I moved onto her chest from there. I was sure she was still a bit uncomfortable so I avoided her breasts and concentrated on washing above them. Occasionally the cloth would brush against her nipples causing her to gasp. 

"I'll wash your legs and then leave the other parts for you to do, before I wash your hair." 

She nodded briefly before raising her right leg from the water. I had to lean in again to wash this part of her, causing water to run down my chest. My body was getting soaked, but I ignored it, worrying more about making her feel better. I washed her feet and legs, massaging them as well. She groaned out loud when I massaged her feet. She must not get that very often. I massaged my way up her leg, making sure not to get too close to the apex of her thighs. She squirmed a good bit, but didn't say anything. Her head had lolled back and a look of ecstasy was on her face. I sat back on the balls of my feet and watched her for a moment. Peace had slipped over her features leaving her face aglow with youth and happiness. It had been a long time since I had seen her this at peace. Unintentionally, I also noticed the erotic image that she portrayed. Leaning back against the tub, waves of bathwater brushing against her nipples, she could have been Aphrodite herself. Water and oil glistened on the surface of her breasts vying for attention, calling out to be touched. 

I shook myself out of my daydream and continued with my task, wondering briefly what had come over me. Maybe I was just suffering withdrawals. It had been awhile since my boyfriend had left. I promised myself a bit of personal attention once I was home and Mary had been taken care of.

Being finished with my task, I nipped her on the toe, to let her know that I was done.

"Ouch! What was that for?" she yelped.

"If your highness is ready, you can finish up what I have nicely started while I dry myself off." I replied, reaching for the nearest towel. "I'm going to have to borrow a pair of slacks from you. I've managed to soak the ones I had on." (In more ways than one.) 

I removed my dripping slacks, shocking Mary once again. "You're not wearing underwear!" 

"Aren't you supposed to be finishing your bath?" I found myself getting a bit of a tingle, knowing that she was watching me undress as she bathed herself. I really needed to get a grip quick. This was my best friend and thus far, I had been strictly a guy's girl. 

I hurried and toweled myself off, glancing occasionally to see if she was done yet. She was still watching me, but with an odd look upon her face. 

"Come on slow-poke, get your butt out of the tub, there is more to this idea than letting you sit in there till you prune." I prodded.

She stuck her tongue out at me and released the water from the tub. Standing, she climbed out of the tub and reached for her towel. A wave of lust washed over me that almost buckled my knees. I couldn't stop staring. Small curls had escaped her bun and framed her face, clinging to her skin. She glistened from head to toe. Her pert breast, while not small, were not overly large either. They stood up and said "Hi! Look at me! Touch me!" The nipples were taut, ready. I almost found myself reaching for them. I glanced lower to her hips noticing the gentle flare with the promise of an ample rear. I waited hoping she'd turn that I might see. Her pussy was neatly trimmed a small triangle of dark hair still damp with beads of water shining like dew. She finally turned, bending to dry her legs and the view was sumptuous. Her ass was perfect. It was perfectly rounded on bottom, slowly tapering at the top to her narrow waist. Her pussy lips peeked at me from just between her legs. My tongue quickly darted out,wanting to bury itself deep within the folds. Now I understood why guys were always following behind her. 

I quickly removed myself from the bathroom, hoping to put some distance between the two of us. I needed to calm down if I was going to finish with my idea. With the state I was in, there was no way I could touch her again and not make a fool of myself. I knew Mary might forgive me, but I'm not sure I'd forgive myself. 

I sat down on the edge of the bed and tried to catch my breath. I didn't realize until she walked out that I was still quite nude. 

"Why are you sitting there on the edge of the bed naked?"

"Huh? What? Oh, sorry I was kinda dazed there for a second." I said, fumbling my words. I ran back into the bathroom to grab my shirt and throw it on. 

"So what now Ms. Bossy?" she asked. "Do I stand her naked all afternoon?" 

"Um, no, you need to get rid of the towel and lie down on the bed. I'm going to give you a massage. Then we are going to dress you up in the sexiest outfit we can find in this travesty you call a closet. "

"Bitch, bitch, boss, boss. I think that is your native language. It's a good thing you're my best friend."

"Yeah, yeah, you're just as fluent as I am. Now lose the towel and hop on the bed."

She grudgingly complied, climbing up into the very center of the bed and collapsing onto the pillow. I had to climb all the way onto the bed in order to reach her. Her skin was so oily from the bath, I didn't have to bother with massage oil. On my knees, I nestled myself in beside her, trying to find the best access to all of her parts. I started with her lower back, rubbing my thumbs down her spine as I grazed her sides with the tips of my fingers. Her perfect ass was staring me right in the face. I pulled my gaze away and focused on her back, eliciting moans of pleasure. I realized, due to my position, I could go down, but not up, so I decided to give into my base nature. I tentatively reached down with both hands and grasped her slick round ass, a cheek in each hand.

"What are you doing?" she gasped.

"Full body massage. Just relax." I managed to grind out between my clenched teeth. 

I squeezed and ran my hands up and down letting my thumbs graze just inside her crack. I knew I shouldn't, but my hands were not my own at that moment. They needed to touch her and I couldn't stop them. I shifted a bit and realized that a pool of moisture was growing between my legs. I was dripping all onto her bed. I hoped I wouldn't have to explain that later. I leaned up some and let my hands progress down onto her thighs, causing my barely covered breast to brush against the globes of her ass. My already taut nipples fought against the confinement of my shirt begging to be free. Meanwhile, Mary is moaning up a storm, not helping the situation at all. 

I've never had a full body massage before," she mumbled into the pillow. "This is great." She wiggled her bottom for effect accidentally causing my thumb to brush against the lips of her pussy. The very wet lips of her pussy! I jerked my hands back as if burned. She flinched and groaned. I looked at my thumb and noticed her juices soaking the tip of it. I popped it quickly into my mouth before she could notice. Oh God, she tasted so good. The puddle between my legs flooded the blanket beneath me. I had never been this wet before. I wanted nothing more at this moment than to run my tongue down the slick crack of her ass and into the waiting pool of juices at the bottom. I almost came at the thought. Realizing that she was enjoying this in almost the same way, I decided to risk a little. I continued to massage her ass and thighs, but kept "accidentally" brushing against her. My thumbs were coated in her juices. Her breathing was labored and she couldn't stop squirming against the bed. I knew that if I kept it up, she'd come in no time, but I couldn't bring myself to do it, not without her permission at least. I decided to pay less attention to her ass, and actually massage her back. I repositioned myself trying to reach her upper back. Being on her right side as I was, I couldn't seem to reach her well enough. I braced myself and climbed over her back to her other side. Just as I was straddling her, I dripped.
