 "She didn't want to say anything, but when you fall for someone, it doesn't really take a lot of work. You don't have much choice in the matter. It sort of just hits and then you know."

We've all seen commercials where there's that random thing - that once in a lifetime blink of a moment. I had one - well, no, two. I was on the Adams Street bridge over the Chicago River. God, she was gorgeous. Black jacket, buttoned, fair skin, skirt... it was long enough ago I don't remember all the details. She saw me gawking and blushed... and smiled. I should have and didn't.

Your eyes meet hers and lower - embarrassed. And your heart flutters. Mine did. And I gushed.

I was about to walk away when I had *that* moment. So I turned around and said, "Hey, I'm Jenna. Are you in a hurry?"

She stopped. Win!

And turned around. YES!

And smiled. Oh help me!!

"No. Why?"

'Cuz I think I'm in love with you, okay'. Inner voice!! 

Confronted with the reality of my fantasy, I fumbled, sophomorically.

'I... um... was wondering if you might want to spend the rest of your life with me.' Thoughts be GONE!!

What tumbled out of my mouth was "Got time for coffee... or something?"

She smiled.

"It's Jenna, right?" I nodded. ""Yeah, I have time. It's a Saturday and I'm shopping. You're cute. Lets."

Weak kneed, I followed. I was stunned when she took my hand. Kitty moon walked.

Could it be? How random can it be?

"So what do you do, Miss Jenna?"

"I, um, work." I'm such an idiot. I'm blowing my chance with this gorgeous woman. "I'm so sorry. I'm totally dusted by how gorgeous you are and I'm fumbling about like I'm 15 or something."

She laughed. It was water on a waterfall in a remote part of... whatever. You know what I mean.

"You between lovers or just stunned by my beauty?" Can I marry you on a first date?

I shrank under her steady gaze. I have no idea why. And my heart was threatening to leap right out of my chest.

Which, if you're interested, is a not quite bountiful 34B. I'm teeny - 5 ft 3. I don't know... they tell me I'm sorta cute.

She! Was... no... is amazing. Not too much taller than me, Brenda's hair is strawberry blonde. Her body is amazing. Which I didn't find out till later. She giggled and kissed my shoulder when she read that!! Smile!

So we had coffee. I probably should remember everything about that day. But there have been so many others since that the early ones get lost in the shuffle - a little.

"Tell me about you." UGH! I did. She smiled.

"Your story sounds a little like mine. My family wasn't very supportive of who I am." She shrugged. "It's gotten better, but I don't know what they'll do if I bring you home and announce you as my honey." I thought I might faint. 

Her eyes never left mine. "Did I scare you, honey?"

I coughed and lied, badly. "Not at all." She giggled. She had seen me blush. Which I had.

"So do you fuck on a first date?" Oh my fucking god!! Who is this woman and...

"I, um, haven't... but there's always a first time." She smiled.

"Shall we?" Yes please!!

We did!!

Oh yeah... her name is Brenda... she prefers Bren. I prefer her. All day, all night. Every night. But I wander.

Her apartment was small but well appointed. She asked if I wanted to use the washroom. I was terrified, horny, and near panic. My experience with first date lovers was: small and none. But this woman had me - and it terrified me that she might see it in me.

Why?

I have no idea.

We're weird. Duh! You know what I know. We're all weird. It's how your weird meshes with hers. Ah yes... I see heads nodding!! Oh goody... you're on track with me. You may not know my story but I damn well know you know what I was feeling.

There's that moment when you undress with her - in front of her. You worry she's judging you. You wonder if she worries about you judging her. LOL You're so horny, so desperate, that it barely registers. 

"Hurry!" I looked into the pool of dark green eyes. And shivered. Make me yours - forever! Please!

I pushed the panties over her hips and shivered as her sex came into view. Bare, it looked like mine. I wondered how it would taste.

We were on her bed, me between her legs. 

I bent to heaven, took in her scent, and dove into the sweet wetness.

SHAZAM!!

"Jenna, I swear I'll melt with that fab tongue of yours." Giggles.

Her hips lifted when I pushed my fingers into her. Yeah, fuck it. Three of them. Let's see what she's made of.

She wailed as she bucked against me.

'Like it, bitch?' Inside voice!!

She exploded, her juices coating my lips and tongue. I drank her in, wondering if she was like me - multi orgasmic.

I found out. She was. Is.

She gave as well as she got. Trust me on that. 

It wasn't like me to wake up with someone I'd just met - but it didn't feel like Bren was just 'someone.'

And she proved not to be!!

Days turned into weeks, which turned into months. Yada yada.

"I love you."

Startled, I looked up, distracted from my Outback steak. She frowned.

"What? Do you not love me?"

"How can you ask me that, Bren? You have to know I do."

Caught. Bagged. Tossed in a canvas something or other and... whatever,

"You're way more bold than me, honey." I shrugged, lowering my eyes. "I do. You probs know I do. I'm sorry it's taken so long for me to say the words." I reached across the table and took her hand. "Don't doubt for a moment how I feel."

In another of the oddest coincidences, her apartment and mine weren't two miles apart. She was in sales with a tech company and I... well, I have a job. But you don't care - much!

We went to movies, watched the new TV season as it unfolded, giggled as dinner cooked in her kitchen or mine, and languished in our respective beds after... blush!

She taught me what wanton was!! I thought I knew what... no... how... lesbians made love. OMG - I was so wrong. Maybe that was what she picked up on me that first day. That our gaydar had gone off - but... had she seen something in my eyes that let her know she knew more than me?

In time, she became my everything. We met each others families - that was fun! NOT!

My sister hates me. Well, no that I think about it, that was mostly when we were teens. We talk now and then. She's got her life and I have mine, ya know? My parents have, to me, always been robots. Whatever.

Her family was wonderful. "Jenna, welcome to our family. If our daughter loves you then we love you." I cried.

We made love that night. "Can we please be quiet? It's my family."

I laughed.

"They welcomed me into your family today, honey. I think they'll be disappointed if we don't make some noise."

She laughed.

"You're right. Shall we?"

We, um, did!!

She was a bit more dominant than me. Dominant in that she took charge of our intimacy more than I did. I didn't care one little bit. I was kind of happy to let her lead the way. And she didn't complain on those occasions when I took charge.

Yeah, that night turned into one of those. I turned her on her back and slipped my leg between hers. Her eyes shone.

"Do me up good, you fucking wanton slut."

"You talk to the woman you love that way, you wanton fucking slut?"

She laughed; I bent to her face and kissed her - again.

And it only got... um... well, it got!!

When we finally finished, it took a while to recover, as it often does.

Bren lifted her head and asked, "How did this happen?" Huh? What?

"This? Tonight?" She laughed.

"No, silly, us! How did we happen?"

Isn't it funny? She finally asked the question for which I had no real answer. So I did the only thing I could.

"I've asked myself from the very beginning, lover." I bent and kissed her still damp forehead and murmured, "What's a girl to do when she falls head over heels. At first sight!" She smiled that smile. Kitty had passed out but I felt her squirm. She wasn't the only one. "You're so amazing and beautiful and I'm... well, I'm just me."

"Listen here, just me, you're perfect to me. And for me, it seems. You're pretty, you have the most wonderful smile, your figure is marvy, you drive me crazy when you kiss me, and you fuck like the devil herself."

The blush started on my face, spread to my neck, and hurried much further south. Bren noticed.

"Uh oh, I think I got you turned on again. Yay me!"

Yeah right, yay me! I showed her 'yay me' let me tell ya. 

It was quite a while longer before we actually went to sleep, completely spent and marvelously, thoroughly sated.

I came awake with a jerk Saturday morning, which was a gigantic mistake. I was all kinds of sore, the really yummy kind. Hee, hee. I see smiles out there!! Woo hoo!! Glad you know what I'm talkin' about!!

A sleepy Bren looked at me with heavy eyes. "What! You moaned." She turned her hips and moaned. "Oh! Yeah, me too. Can we go back to sleep please?" 

I laughed, rolled her to her back, and latched on to her nipple. Her breasts are glorious!! I checked her bra once; she's a 34C. And they're glorious. Not too much; just enough!

Fingers slid through my hair as she let me have my fill of her. I told you that she was dominant in our lovemaking. She never complained when I loved her like I was doing. We'd talked some about our pasts; lovers and other relationships included. We'd both been badly hurt but that's not unexpected. Lesbians are just like the rest of the world. We just favor our sex over... them. I work with dudes, Bren does too. I saw something on Tumblr that had me in stitches. "I like my men like I like coffee - nowhere near my vagina." Well said, chickie.

Okay. Anyway, it was a Saturday morning. We normally showered, had breakfast and worked out. Hilarious. We lived so close to each other it came as something of a surprise to find out we were members at the same club. 

"How in the hell did we manage not to see each other?" Bren nodded.

"I have a feeling it's cuz I work out in the morning before work. I know we work out together now, but I'm not sure you're that much of a morning person. From what I've seen at least."

It was true. I drag my ass out of bed most mornings. It did take me a while to get accustomed to getting up with her and going that early. But you do what you do. And trailing around (after a fashion) with my honey made it way more than bearable. Know what I mean?

So we did our thing and headed home for another shower. The first ones had been solo. Not so the second. 

I introduced Bren to the luxury of having your hair washed by your honey. 

"A couple here and there used to do it, but it never felt they were near as enthused about it as you are." She'd smiled over her shoulder as she said it one morning. So I kissed her.

We, um, were a wee bit late that morning! Eyebrows wiggling!!

We had to go food shopping. We were having friends over. Nothing special; four couples we knew. None of us were exactly bar people. Elsa and John Markham were... well, Elsa worked in sales where Brenda did and John was her honey. Deirdre and Robin were a couple; I met them at a lesbian function. You'd be bored with the details. They'd helped me through a crisis once and they're both very dear to me.

It was a nice night. Grace and her beau Logan are real sweet together. Grace is an admin at work. Logan looks at her like I look at Bren - which is nice! And Celia and Claire... OMG!! Hellions both! We've been out with them a few times. It's felt like "truth or dare" whatever, wherever we are. We usually come home dead tired and laughing like loons.

Penna Rigate and Smoked Salmon Pasta was one dish. Bren's kind of a health nut. It's actually way easier to make than it might seem. And god it's yummy!! I actually picked up the Beef Wellington recipe online. AllRecipes dot com if you're interested. It's pretty simple. Seems the woman who wrote the description lived in England for a while and learned of the recipe there.

People brought veggies, salads, a dessert, and whatever they liked to drink. We had stuff too of course. To drink I mean. And appetizers.

We played Charades - which we did poorly but hilariously. We put some music on and danced. Claire suggested we switch partners. We all agreed somewhat nervously, because it was Celia's idea to pick partners. It was odd being close to the dudes - but I got through it. To be honest, Bren wasn't too happy with her friends. But, it was a fun night overall.

Bren's birthday happens to fall real close to Thanksgiving. Her Mom called and insisted we have dinner with them.

"Is my sister going to be there?"

"Yes, honey, Julia and her family are coming. She wanted to know if I was inviting you and your Jenna."

I laughed when she recounted the details of the call.

Bren knew I hated Julia without ever meeting her. One of my truly icky breakups came courtesy of an evil named Julia, who I once thought was my 'her.' C'est la vie. She'd giggled when I told her.

"You have to try and be nice, past experience aside." I nodded, probably unconvincingly. "No I mean it."

"I know, I know. I promise I will."

Jerry, her Dad, and Dorothy, the Mom, were sweet. Jerry was sort of reserved. Dorothy gave me a big hug and kiss.

"You two look marvelous together, Jenna. Seems you're good for each other."

Yeah. The look might have been from the frantic, surprise fucking she'd given me. Wowzer! Just sayin'.

She'd insisted I call her Dorothy when we met. So I did.

"Thank you, Dorothy, we do get on fabulously." I heard the snicker behind me and blushed. Mom's eyes flicked to her daughter and came back to mine. Uh oh! I know I blushed.

"No need to hide the fact you're young women in love. My Jerry and I were pretty randy when we were young."

"Mother!"

"Oh hush. There are things you don't know and things you don't need to know. I didn't say anything out of line."

I like her! I can see where Bren gets some of her spirit.

Julia and Bob are a pair let me tell ya! They have two little kids who never shut up. You can tell their grandfather tolerates them - barely. He tries to be nice to me; she's not openly hostile, but she makes no effort to be pleasant.

Dinner was wonderful. Turkey and honey ham, twice baked sweet potatoes, three bean salad, wild rice. The only way to get up from the table and not waddle was to take small portions of everything and pray. No sale. The ham, salad and rice were my undoing. I thought my mother was the only one who knew about wild rice. Nope!

I'll bet you know her sister and family ducked out early, claiming they had to get the kids to bed. Dorothy snorted when the door closed. Nothing more needed to be said.

Brenda fumed the whole way home. In silence. I let it go for a while.

"I really like your Mom..." She cut me off. 

"I really hate that woman," she spat. "Tight ass bitch and her fucked up morality." Quiet was my contribution.

"Say something!" She was seething. I didn't see her like this very often. It bothered me.

"I don't care for her either, honey, but it's awkward to take sides. She is your sister. I thought Bob was embarrassed by her behavior. And I can't stand those two brats!!"

Oh god that laugh!! It gets me right between the legs. I'm serious!!

"He's stuck with her now that they've got the brats. I know I'm tough to be with and I'm sorry. I feel like I'm taking my anger out on you."

I reached and took her hand.

"We're a couple. We argue. Ours isn't the perfect relationship, much as we try to make it so. You can have your moments; so can I. We're fine. Better than fine, truth be told." She looked at me and smiled.

"I thought you wanted to melt into the carpet when my Mother saw you blush after I giggled. That was too perfect a moment."

I blushed again, remembering.

"She was too cute, hinting at their sexuality. Your protestations were adorable."

"Yeah well, I'm here because they... did it." I snickered. She smacked my hand. We smiled at each other. "But kids hardly need to hear about their parents' sex life."

"Oh I totally agree." Change the subject, Jenna! "Do you want me to call my parents about Christmas?"

The silence was deafening. She didn't answer for the longest time.

"You've said they're miserable, Jenna honey. I don't want to make you uncomfortable. It's something of a miracle that my parents have accepted you. Us. Do what you want, babe. If you make the effort and they'll have us, I'll be on my best behavior. Promise."

"Mom, I met someone fabulous. I'm in love with a gorgeous, lovely lady names Brenda. And I'd love to bring her home and have you and Daddy meet her at Christmas." My chest tightened and my heart pounded. "If that would be okay." 

Silence.

More silence.

Still more silence.

I looked at my phone.

The call had disconnected.

She hugged me while I cried. I cried so hard and so bitterly I thought I might throw up. I was near mortally wounded. Completely disowned; rejected. Cast aside. The woman who carried me in her body for nine months. Who raised me, loved me. Until I told her I preferred women. Crushed. That's your Jenna Amundsen.

29 and an orphan. Oh well. It happens.

She was tender and slow when she took me that night.

"I can't make the hurt go away, baby girl, but I can love you till you beg me to stop."

I felt my eyes tear again and nodded. 

She kissed the tears away, kissed the tip of my nose, and pressed her soft lips to mine.

My fingers were thick in her hair. I pushed my hips up to her, begging, silently, to be taken.

Skin to skin we lay in her bed. Our bed.

"Please," I begged.

She smiled. 

"I have to get something." 

Um, okay.

She went to her dresser and fumbled around for something.

Smiling, she came back with scarves.

"We've talked, baby girl, and it's time I show you what it's like to be restrained and blindfolded."

I shivered. I felt my nipples tighten and my pussy leak. Goosebumps everywhere.

"Okay. Whatever you want."

Green eyes shimmered.

"Really?"

Oh god! Hung by the tongue. In for a penny, in for a pound, right?

"Really!"

As firmly as I could. As I squirmed under her gaze.

Again!

She held the scarves as she kissed me, leaning over me.

"Thank you, gorgeous. I'll be good to you; I promise."

I shook my head.

"I don't want good. I want whatever it is that has been lurking. Waiting to show itself to me. Give it all to me, lover."

Her eyes widened as I spoke. The smile broadened. 

She nodded.

"Okay. Okay!" Her eyes gleamed. I shivered. Again.

"You'll thank me tomorrow; you may not like me very much later tonight."

Wait! Later tonight. It was already... oh fuck it. I don't care.

I saw the scarf come at my face.

"Bye, bye, beautiful."

Darkness. She lifted my head and tied off the scarf.

I felt me leaking between my legs, down toward my ass.

I was terrified. And beyond turned on.

I felt her shift on the bed. My wrist was next. After the knot had been made, my arm was lifted up and back.

My left arm was next. She straddled me as she duplicated what she'd done to my right wrist.

I was nearly panting from the excitement and terror of the unknown. And the unseen.

I felt her breath on my mouth.

"Ready?"

I whimpered as I nodded.

I felt the grin and shivered. Yet again.

I was nearly delirious. And she'd only kissed me.

You may wonder how I 'felt' her grin.

Take away a sense and the others are heightened. My body was on fire with excitement, fear, and desire.

My heart pounded wildly. I told you I was nearly hyperventilating. Crazed.

She got off the bed.

Puzzled, I lay still, except for the squirming. 

I was on my back.

I wanted desperately to ease the raging fire between my legs. But I had nothing to grind against. Well, at least until she came back.

I felt my honey come back to me - still off the bed though.
