 I'm 21, attending a college in South Texas and a thousand miles away from home; I was not looking forward to hanging around on campus this summer. I usually went back East for the summer break, but this year, both my parents are spending it in Europe on a long awaited vacation. With all of my other friends, either moved away or busy working I decided to stay on campus and perhaps look for a job to keep me in beer money. Finances were not a problem as long as I kept up a B average. My parents would give me a full ride and spending allowance as long as they could see from my marks that I applied myself. 

Summer break arrived around mid May and by mid June I was bored to death. All but a few of my girlfriends had gone home for the summer and I wasn't seeing anyone so things in my life were pretty quiet. I've always been a quiet type girl and very shy until you get to know me. I spent some time at the local lake and at some of the local hangouts but that soon wore thin and I found myself spending time at the library reading and sitting in on lectures given by various local and government groups with the emphasis that an informed citizen is a productive one. 

The town is very small and apart from the students in this University town, everyone knows everyone. Now it's not as bad as it would seem, you see I've always been a loner anyway and enjoy my time by myself most of the time. One evening after such a lecture on the "Effects of Global Warming", I noticed an attractive middle age lady pinning a help wanted flyer on the bulletin board. You know the type of ads that have the little phone numbers you can tear off and take with you. I had seen her before at another lecture and had overheard her converse with some of the other ladies present. She had a very distinct Southern drawl and in her case it complimented her classy stature.

On my way out I read it. "Needed, occasional help around the house. Some housework and gardening involved. "Generous pay and flexible hours. Call days or evenings. I tore off a tab with the number and went back to my apartment. My apartment was just beyond the campus property. It was geared to house students and the location was perfect. It was a two-bedroom unit fully equipped and the rent was reasonable. 

My ex roommate who also shared the rent had graduated this year and moved out the end of May. My parents decided it would be a good idea to keep up the apartment on my own with their help rather than letting it go for the sake of two months. With the help of the landlord, we had already found a freshman willing to move in around late August. We had met briefly during her walk through and she seemed very nice. I think she'll work out just fine. Besides if I gave it up, there was no way I could find another place as nice for the money. I enjoyed having the apartment to myself for a change and I didn't mind the freedom to do as I pleased without intruding on someone else.

That night I arrived back to my apartment slapped a frozen diner in the microwave and watched TV. Last month I subscribed to a couple of X-Rated channels on the satellite dish and tonight, I sat back to masturbate undisturbed by friends or roommates. If my parents new I had this they kill me. Lately I had been hornier than usual but coming to think of it, I'm always horny. Like I said, on the outside I'm a very shy and quiet girl as one would say but if they only knew what my mind is thinking. I'm far too timid to date a lot of the guys and some of my girlfriends at the college discuss me the way they carry on with them. 

I'm usually just content to frigging myself. Tonight as usual I stripped off my shorts and halter-top and glued my eyes on the screen. On the screen was a nude overweight middle age man wearing only his knee socks, fucking a young girl in the ass. How disgusting! She was wearing a Happy 21st Birthday hat and nothing more. Well I had surmised that it was her birthday. At second glance and through the moans and panting on screen I noticed her body and shape was similar to mine. I have long black hair down past my shoulders. I'm 5'2" and solid. I'm a little self conscious of my 115lb figure but because I'm so short I look like I'm packed pretty good. I'm not fat by any means but my body is very muscular. I'm pretty solid. My tits are 36D but because I'm so short they look bigger than they really are. I get a little self conscious of them but I know they are the envy of many of the girls on campus. Sometimes in the gym locker room I steal a glance or two and my assessment would tell me my tits are pretty nice but still I'm shy and like to keep them covered. Just as he was about to shoot his load, the girl's roommate came in and caught them in the act. He yelled at her to strip as well because he had a present for her to. How stupid I thought as I fingered myself. Oh well watching these things helps me get off and I was now ready to cum.

The next morning I made toast and coffee and looked at the phone number I had torn off the ad the night before. I played with the idea of inquiring about the job. I needed to do something to keep myself busy and if I could get the job and work one or two afternoons a week it would still give plenty of time to do whatever. I dialed the number and a woman on the other end answered, I said "hello and introduced my self as Rose Brooks and that I was inquiring about the ad. She said her name was Cynthia Mathers and was surprised as to how fast someone had called. We arranged to meet that afternoon. That morning I cleaned up around the apartment and threw some laundry in. I was surprised how excited I was about the possible job and couldn't wait to get there. I showered and put a few braids in my long black hair. I figured I should maybe wear a nice casual summer dress and nice pair shoes instead of my usual jean shorts and halters and sandals. After all I figured she was an older woman and I didn't want her to get the impression I was like many of those other girls around campus. 

I arrived promptly at three and found the house without incident. It was a nice neighborhood with large homes and secluded lots. These were defiantly expensive. Mrs. Mather's house was a large story and a half home at the end of a cul-de-sac. I pulled up in the driveway and approached the front door. Mrs. Mather opened the door and greeted me in. She instantly recognized me as someone she had seen before and of course I remembered her. How could I forget? She was a stunning woman and well preserved as they say. At the library she usually wears nice dresses or dressy pant suits and make up but this afternoon she was dressed very casual in a pair of beige short shorts and a plain white tucked in T-shirt that read "Global warming is harmful." I noticed she wore no makeup and she still looked ravishing. I guess woman notice these things, I did. 

She ushered me in to the kitchen and offered me cold lemonade of which I accepted. She had perfect smile and came across as warm and friendly. Just like at the library. After fussing with the drinks, she handed me one and told me she had seen me at the library several times and was surprised I attended so many of the lectures. She said most of the young people my age couldn't be bother and that most of the people there were a lot older. Rose from my observations at the lectures you seem more mature than most kids I've met at your age. "Yes I know," I told her shyly not wanting to make eye contact, everyone says that about me. It's because I'm so shy my professors think I'm smarter than I really am, I have some of them fooled anyway." We both laughed and she went on to describe the job. 

Mrs. Mather outlined the job and it was basically helping her around the house with some housework, gardening, and cleaning the pool. She hired a lawn service for the grass but still, because the house was so large she thought an extra pair of helping hands would be better. I explained my situation and how most of my classmates had gone for the summer and I thought this would be something I could do to help fill in some free time. She smiled and confided in me. She said since her husband passed away 13 months ago, she finds herself very lonely. 

Although she never really had made any close and intimate friends here in town, the friends she did have worked during the day. Fortunately the insurance money looks after the major expenses and she was thinking of going to work her self but had always been a housewife. She posted the job so as to have a companion once and awhile as well. I thought about it for moment and told her I'd like the job. We shook hands and we went to the yard to look around write down a to do list.

The next morning I arrived around nine and just started weeding the back garden when Mrs. Mather rolled open the screen door and offered me a coffee. She was still in her dressing gown and had obviously slept in. We had coffee on the patio and I went back to work. Actually I was surprised that by noon I had done the whole rear and side gardens and thought I'd come back tomorrow and finish the front.

Mrs. Mather came to the door and beckoned me in. "I've just made us some sandwiches, why don't you clean up and have some lunch?" I washed up and finished my sandwich. "The lunch was great Mrs. Mather I was starved." I expressed. "I bet you probably have frozen diners most of the time all by yourself in that apartment. That can't be much fun?" she said. "You're right, it's lonely at times but I manage to keep busy watching TV and stuff." What I didn't tell her was all the times I sit around nude fucking myself in front of that TV. I don't think she needs to know the details. Well Mrs. Mather I'd like to get the pool vacuumed out today and then call it a day."

"That would good she said I think I'll have a swim later, and Rose, don't be shy about using the pool. You're welcome to swim anytime."

"Gee thanks Mrs. Mather," I called back I could sure use a swim now it's pretty hot but I didn't bring my suit." She laughed and said, "so what, the yard secluded who the heck can see you. You don't need one." With that she went back into the kitchen and I cleaned the pool. The day sun was hot and I was just about done. I was almost tempted to just dive in but thought better of it. That night in my apartment, just before I was about to start my nightly ritual, I remembered when I was 9 my parents and friends of my Father joined us at the cottage on Finger Lakes in NY state. They had a daughter four years older than me. At the ripe age of thirteen to my nine, she was grown up. Anyway one day just about dusk we were walking back to the cottage when we heard some voices coming from the lake. 

We quietly sneaked to the edge of the shore and hid behind an old tree stump. In the water were two girls in their teens washing and splashing in knee high water without a stitch of clothing. I recognized one of them as the girl who's Father runs the general store. I didn't know the other one. I was silent and astonished. I had never seen another girl naked before. Megan broke the silence when she pointed out in a low whisper how big their tits were. She kept telling me to look at them. I was dumfounded. Megan and I looked at each other and giggled figuring this was going to be our secret. Megan kept nudging me and whispering how big their tits were and look at all the hair on their pussy. I didn't have any hair on mine and wondered if it was normal. 

Megan told me that I would get hair like that one day too, and I told her no way. She told me she had hair on hers and when I was older I would have some to. The girls ran towards deeper water and dived in. We sneaked away and got back on the path. Megan was sharing my room that night and she kept talking about seeing those girls. I didn't believe she had hair on her pussy and dared her to show me and she did. Tonight I was going to visualize those girls in my mind while I get myself off. 

Lately, I've been thinking more and more about the woman in the videos doing it. I didn't think I was a lesbian by any means but the thought of gentle skin against mine when I slip my fingers into my cunt seemed more inviting than the gross men even if they did have big dicks. I had a big dick to. It was lying around one night at a frat party. I was so intrigued by it I swiped it and took it home. I thought about those two girls and Megan as I had done many times before but tonight the mental image of Mrs. Mather skinny-dipping in the pool like she suggested I do was foremost in my mind. I brought myself to a frenzy of cum wondering if she had really meant it or what she meant by it. I dismissed it as just me being perverted.

That same night in her lovely but lonely home, Mrs. Mather sat upright in her bed watching TV. Ever since her husband died things just haven't been the same. Most of her acquaintances were as a result of her husband's business and now with him gone, so are they. Her two children are grown and one is temporarily living abroad on a three-year assignment with his work and the other is living in Michigan and can only visit on holidays and long weekends. It was him that suggested she should find someone to help her out around the house and keep her company. He suggested one of the University girls since the guys would not be as dependable. Over the past few months, she had become very lonely and starving for companionship. Since her husband passed, sex has been zero except for the pleasures she gets from her own devices. She doesn't date and most of the men she knows are not worth her time so now she tries to fill her days with things to do. 

She walked over to the mirror and was pleased with her reflection. Holding her slightly sagging tits up she says, "I think I'll try and find a job or something. This old broad should be good for something." Cynthia Mather had a nice little figure for her small frame. Still interested in sex, she started to go masturbation wild a few months after John had died. Her and John would flick on the porno channel from time to time and she would go along with him in his escapades, really just to keep him happy. He would tease and say that one day he was going to bring some young chick home and we could both have her. 

At first she was repulsed and always told him but in later years she began to fantasize about it and became warm to the idea. She would never let on to John though. Secretly, during their rare lovemaking sessions while John was going down on her, she would imagine that it was a young girl licking her there and her orgasms were always so much more intense. This was her secret. Now with him gone things had changed. She thought she was probably a pervert because there wasn't a night that she didn't fuck herself dry. 

Then one night it happened. She figured she really crossed the line. While watching the porno channel an 800 number appeared on the screen that advertised your very own home lover. She saw the ad displaying a life size male doll complete with it's own hard penis. Discretion was assured and to her surprise she placed her order. When it arrived and opened it, she realized the order had been incorrect. They had sent a life size blow up doll a female. Complete with it's own vagina and breasts. Excited at the thought of her fantasies, that night she would eat suck and sleep with her doll friend like she did for most nights now. 

Since then Cynthia Mather has accumulated a series of toys and videos mostly all girl action and lesbian to help get her get through the nights. As she fingered herself in anticipation of an orgasm her mind wondered to Rose. She recapped the events of the last few days and imagined her dressed in that cute dress the first day she came over. Rose had an instant effect on her and in a secret way, Cynthia was relived that a young lady showed up instead of a guy. Now in her mind, no further applicants need apply. Cynthia let her thoughts wonder as she saw Rose bent over in the garden that day. She secretly admired and the small beads of sweat forming on her breasts. God she thought to herself I couldn't be too obvious. During lunch that day Rose's T-shirt was wet from perspiration and the sweat had outlined her globes perfectly. Cynthia concluded that she was not going to pursue the young lady but if anything did happen she'd go along with it. But for tonight Rose was the object of her mind. That was a month ago now, my how time flies she thought.... 

Today I called Mrs. Mather and explained that I'd drop by tomorrow instead since I wanted to go to a used schoolbook in sale in Henderson, and I also needed to firm up some classes for next semester. Cynthia was secretly disappointed but she cheerfully said fine. "I won't be home till around five tomorrow, I will be helping the church group set up for the picnic." She explained. "The key is under the mat and if you decide to take a swim don't forget to put the cover back on."

"Ok will do Mrs. Mather." Cynthia had grown quite fond of Rose. Over the last month or so Cynthia and Rose had become good friends. There were times the both of them went shopping together and many nights they would just talk, swim in the pool or just watch TV. There were times when Rose just slept in the spare room if it was late and not bother to go home. Cynthia never minded it. She thought Rose was so sexy and had tried many times to catch her changing without being obvious. Many times Cynthia questioned herself about trying anything. She was not willing to risk the friendship. 

Two days went by quick enough and it was around two when I finally got to Mrs. Mather's house. I was looking forward to going. I enjoyed our time together and I think she sees me as more of an equal than some school kid. I liked Mrs. Mather but there was something about her I just couldn't put my finger on. Our friendship was working well. I needed some extra money and something constructive to do and she needed the help and a friend. I got started on weeding the front garden and by four o'clock I had that complete. At this rate I thought, I'll be caught up and only have to come back once every other week. I washed up in the garage and let myself in to do a few things on my checklist. Bathrooms were on the list and I thought I'd start upstairs. I cleaned the upstairs main bathroom. It never gets used anyway except when I'm stay over night but I gave it through cleaning to freshen things anyway and then I went to do Mrs. Mather's master bath. Mrs. Mather's bedroom was huge. I figured it was almost the size of my whole apartment, well close anyway. The master bathroom was through the walk in closet and I had gone to clean there many times. I was always was amazed to see all the clothes this woman owns and neatly hanging in its perfect spot and then with amazement I saw it. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was a blow up doll. 

What the hell? I thought in wonder. Here was this life size doll staring right at me all dressed up in a French maid outfit. How sexy I thought. I picked her up and placed her beside me. She was my height and had a nice set of tits. This was weird but as I looked at her I could feel myself get wet. The doll's mouth was shaped in the open position I guess so that guys could fuck but what would Mrs. Mather be doing with it? Beside her on the shelf I noticed a collection of about twelve porno videotapes in a box. and I took a look. All of them were of lesbians. I pulled some out of the box and the titles were defiantly geared for all girl-girl lesbian action. Man I would love to borrow some of these some time but how could I ever ask. I felt a panic overcome me and quickly replaced the tapes just as I had found them and set the doll back exactly like I had found her. 
 My mind was wheeling with questions as I cleaned the bathroom. God! Was she a lesbian? I again thought of Mrs. Mather lying on top of me like I did the night before only this time there were no second guesses about her. Mrs. Mather likes woman. That's what has been bothering me about her. Yes of course! Is that why she hired me? Maybe that's why she jokingly said I didn't need a bathing suit that day to swim. There were many days when we just got back so late from shopping that she would insist on making me diner and then by the time we were done she would insist it was too late to go home so just over. On nights I'd stay over, is that why she would lounge around in her housecoat usually open to where I could get an eyeshot. Although I enjoyed stealing glances I never once thought that she was doing it on purpose. . Is that why she had me stay in the spare bedroom next to hers rather than the one downstairs? It was all coming together now. Why me, why not someone her own age? Wow! I was beginning to understand and I was getting very excited. 
