 "I can't believe I went there..." - she thought and after fumbling for a few seconds longer than necessary, she finally unlocked the door and turned its knob. She held her heels in her hand as she walked through the door and padded along softly, stumbling from intoxication just a bit, as if she did not want to be caught coming in at this late hour. In the dark there was a husky, knowing laugh followed by the *click* of a lamp. A golden glow spilled over the room and the woman lying on the couch grinned. "Well, well... look what the Bacardi drug in. Did you have fun?" - she asked while watching a drunken grin appear on the face of her roommate. "Are you drunk?" - she added, knowing the answer already. Chuckling, the woman at the door gave her roommate a sage nod and struggled to lock the door, her intoxication making the simple task much more difficult than it normally would be. After she triumphantly battled the stubborn lock, the woman turned and leaned heavily against the door and again struggled with her tipsy state as she focused on her friend and grinned. 

"You need food. Go get changed, I'll get you something and you can tell me all about it." - said the woman as she rose off the couch and continued to the kitchen. 

With the sound of her slur growing louder as she staggered to the bedroom and increased the volume of her voice so that her roommate could hear her, the woman by the door said - "You have no idea what I've seen tonight, Alena, none at all! I tell you... none!" 

In the bedroom, the petite, curvy woman named Zure changed and decided to wait until she went back into the living room to finish her tale. 

"God that was sexy." - she thought to herself while undressing and by the time her roommate joined her on the couch with a snack, she was thinking about going again. 

Alena couldn't help but grin again when she walked into the living room and found Zure lying on the couch in her robe, a drunken smile on her lips and her eyes closed. When she sat down, Zure opened her eyes and the smile became a grin. She sat up and murmured a thank you as she took the plate. 

Still grinning, Alena asked - "So... What did you see?" 

Zure picked up a grape and peered at her roommate before answering - "Have you heard of a place called Rapture?" 

Alena raised a brow and said - "Rapture... you.. you of all people went to Rapture?" - the shock in her voice was clear and when Zure nodded, she eyed her skeptically again. 

"I swear, Len, swear" - Zure retorted when she caught Alena's incredulous stare. 

"I don't believe her. She's full of shit. No way she'd last more than fifteen minutes in Rapture. It's a good thing I didn't go tonight." - she thought but she voiced a bit softer than she intended to - "What did you see?" 

"Everything." Zure said, and she sighed while scooting back into a prone position and placed the plate of food on her stomach. She closed her eyes and Alena, with the keen gaze of someone sober and well in tune with her roommate, knew Zure was reminiscing ... and the memories were good. 

Alena studied her unabashedly while Zure kept her eyes closed in recollection. It still amazed her that she and Zure were complete polar opposites from body to morals but she was glad that since they had been living together for the past year she had been able to hide things from her. Zure was naive and young. She was petite, no taller than five feet, but had curves that rightfully belonged to women with children. Her hips were wide and her waist tiny, her thighs thick and her breasts full. Ripe. Alena shook her head to clear it and regarded Zure's face, watched her as she ate fruit from the plate lying on her flat belly. Took in the darkness of her short, black hair, the dusky tone to her skin, the curve of her round face and the thickness of her lips. Zure had incredibly blue eyes and though they lain behind closed lids at the moment, Alena had many times wondered what they would be like rolled back with pleasure. Poor Zure had no idea she'd been living with a lesbian for the past year. 

Alena herself is willowy. Tall and graceful, lean. She'd been an avid runner her entire life and so her hips were narrow and her breasts a moderate B cup. There wasn't an ounce of fat on her and so her facial features are more chiseled though not as harshly as those of a man. Alena has pale, blonde hair that falls below the curve of her ass and she wears it in a single plait. Her lips are thin and her nose tiny, slightly upturned and dusted with honey-colored freckles. Her own eyes are blue as well, a pale blue, not the rich azure of Zure's eyes which are the reason she was named Zure in the first place. She was also older than Zure by seven years and watching her now, she still couldn't believe that she'd step foot into a lesbian bar. 

"Zure ... you went into a lesbian bar?" 

Zure nodded and opened her eyes and Alena swore she saw want in them. 

"What did you see?" - Alena said, but she thought - "Feed me." 

"I didn't realize it was a lesbian bar, Len, honestly!" - Zure said in her own, unneeded defense - "It was Chris' idea and you know how pushy she is! I just thought it would be fun." 

"Was it?" 

With a tone that was almost a purr, Zure nodded and said - "Very." 

"What did you see?" - Alena said yet again but somehow she managed to control her tone so that Zure wouldn't catch the sultry warmth of her thoughts. 

Zure licked her lips and closed her eyes. 

"What did you see?" - Alena said a bit more softly but she thought - "I want to touch her..." and the urge was so strong she suddenly realized that she was wet. 

Zure kept her eyes closed as she began speaking and her lilt was one of a person mesmerized, low in tone and whispery - "Chris told the waitress to keep bringing me rum and cokes." - she sighed - "They were strong rum and cokes and had three cherries..." She got lost in the memory and quieted. 

"What did you see?" - she said but she ached all over and kept thinking - "Any way I can get your cherry to be mine?" 

"She left me." Zure murmured, her eyes still closed. "She was dancing and left me at the table because I didn't want to leave alone. I was uncomfortable." 

"Let me taste you." - Alena thought but instead said - "Go on..." while she gazed at the opening of Zure's white robe and the half-full plate of fruit on her flat stomach. Unable to resist the urge, she reached over and picked the plate up, put it on the end table on her side of the couch and pondered ripping Zure's robe open. She settled for curling her legs on the couch and discreetly dipping her middle finger between her lips. 

Zure swallowed but kept her eyes closed, watching internally the movie of the evening and enjoying it. She was drunk, she had been to a lesbian bar and she was horny. When she spoke again, it was just after an urge came to her and the quiver to her voice was just beginning. "Across the room..." - she said. 

"What did you see?" 

"A.. a couple." 

"Two women?" 

"Yes." 

"What did you see?" 

After a slight pause, her eyes still closed, Zure said - "They were kissing." 

"Did you watch?" 

"Yes." 

"And...?" 

"They started touching." 

"Where?" 

"Inside their shirts..." - Zure said, and wished she could go to bed to touch herself. 

Alena was too busy noticing the two sharp nipples pushing against the soft, white silk of Zure's robe to ask anything else and so she pressed her finger against her clit, barely moving it at all. It was almost more than she could handle. 

"They just did it... right there, with people watching. Her hand slid into the blouse and I could see her twisting, pinching her girlfriend's nipple..." 

"Did you look away?" - Alena said after she found her voice. 

"No." 

"Why not?" 

"I don't know." 

"Sure you do." - Alena thought, but instead she said "Then what?" 

"Then..." 

"Then what?" and she kept touching, silently, while desperately willing Zure's legs open with her mind. 

"Then... the pretty one took her hand out of her girlfriend's blouse and she put it under the table..." - She had to cum so much she was aching. 

Zure didn't see Alena bite her lower lip, nor could she see the flush to her porcelain, freckle-dotted cheeks. She was too busy dripping her excitement onto a very expensive, white silk robe. 

"Could you see?" 

"No.." 

"Did you want to?" 

"God yes..." Zure thought, but instead she said, clearly fumbling with her fib - "I dropped my purse and had to bend up to get it and when I did, I saw..." 

"What.. did.. you see?" Alena said, very softly, while she came against the gentle probe of the single finger. "Oh god" - she thought as she held back any evidence and made her orgasm silent. 

"I saw her spread her legs and bring her fingers from her knees to her..." 

"To her what?" 

"To her..." 

"Say it" - Alena thought... and said. 

"To her pussy." - Zure said through a tiny gasp of pleasure. Whether aware of it or not, she was keeping her legs tightly together and rubbing her thighs against each other, seeking release. 

"Did you watch her finger her?" - Alena said, and she parted her own legs while watching Zure struggle for control, made no attempt to hide her soaked pussy or the finger that swirled around her swollen clit in slow, teasing circles. 

And instead of a response, she got a whimper. 

"Did you?" - Alena insisted. 

"Y-Yes." 

"Did you like it?" 

"Yes" - Zure whispered, ache now clear in her voice. 

"Did it make you wet?" 

Zure nodded silently while she pressed her thighs together, rubbing her knees against each other with increasing friction. 

"Did it make you wet?" 

Zure gasped, nodding again more fervently and she wondered when this had happened. How she had gotten from stumbling home tipsy and horny to so desperate for pleasure the questions from her roommate were making her clit throb. 

Alena wondered if she was possessed when she actually stopped touching herself and got on her knees, closer to Zure. She untied Zure's robe but she was certain Zure didn't even realize it and when she extended her dry hand to Zure's knees, no resistance was offered. 

"Let's see just how wet it makes you..." - Alena said while coaxing Zure's knees to part with gentle fingers. Zure responded, her breath ragged, by opening herself up and showing Alena how dripping she was. She kept her eyes closed the entire time and didn't care at the moment, didn't care that she wasn't a lesbian. She wanted to be touched and she wanted the one to do the touching to be Alena. 

Alena tilted her head and watched as Zure's hips rose every so slightly, welcoming her. She knew she had her and she positioned herself between Zure's knees and placed both her hands on each of them to then drag them slowly down Zure's dusky flesh to the dark lips of her shaved, soaked pussy. 

She wanted to lean in and suck that swollen clit but she resisted and opted instead for dragging a single finger up and down the slit, spreading the wetness like slick, warm honey. She tortured her by not touching the engorged clitoris that was begging to be licked and as easily as a hot knife slicing through butter, she pushed her middle finger into the tight tunnel of Zure's pussy. 

"What did you see...?"