 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Lilian set her suitcase down on the small twin bed, dumping her backpack next to it and looked around her old room. It always seemed smaller than she remembered. The furniture hadn't changed, but the walls had gotten a coat of paint that matched the rest of her parents house. Boring beige. Lilian sighed and shrugged out of her jackets, draping the hoodie and leather jacket over her old desk chair. 

She was staying with her dad and step-mother for Thanksgiving weekend. That was the tradition, ever since she and her step-sister had moved out. This year, Lilian had driven down a day early, taking off the Tuesday and Wednesday before, as well as the Friday and Monday after. She had the time, and few reasons to use it. 

Turning back to the bed Lilian unzipped her suitcase to unpack when the door to her bedroom swung gently open. Looking over, Lilian froze, her stomach clenching and her pulse doubling. Katie leaned against the doorframe with all the casual grace and effortless beauty Lilian remembered. That old, familiar mix of envy, desire, and unease curled through Lilian as her step-sister appraised her silently. 

"Looking good, dyke." Katie pushed off the door frame and sauntered into the room, the scent of her perfume following. She closed the door behind her with a soft click.

Lilian stood her ground, flipping her suitcase open and unpacking. "As do you, slut. Or are you just covering up the wear and tear with your war paint?"

Katie didn't respond, which was unusual, but Lilian ignored the silence. She pulled her jeans and tee shirts out, turning to place them in the empty dresser. Katie was sitting on the desk watching, her lacquered nails tapping the wood. Lilian finished unpacking, hanging up the garment bag for Thursday in the closet. Then she turned to Katie, folding her arms across her chest.

"Can I help you with something?" Lilian asked.

Katie gave Lilian a look, one that brought up a buried memory. "There is something, but I don't know if you still want to help me with it." 

Lilian inhaled slowly, her mind replaying the night Katie had drunkenly kissed her, going so far as to push Lilian into their parent's couch and dry hump Lilian's thigh, passing out after. "That sounds like a job for one of your fuck buddies." 

Katie's expression showed an uncharacteristic vulnerability, one that she didn't try to hide again. She slid off the desk and crossed to Lilian. "I don't have any. It's a long and painful story, Lil. I'd rather just forget it." Katie touched Lilian's forearm, stroking the muscles bunched under tan skin. 

Lilian moved fast, pushing Katie up against the closed door, hands on her upper arms, one strong thigh forced between Katie's. She used her body weight to hold her step-sister against the door. Her mouth brushed Katie's ear, "Poor baby, is your pussy needy? Do you need a hard fucking?"

Katie trembled under Lilian, a soft whimper escaping her lips. 

"I can't hear you, slut." Lilian husked, leaning harder into Katie, her thigh rubbing into Katie's mound. "Does your pussy need attention?"

"Yes. Oh please, Lilian." Katie pleaded, her hands suddenly clutching Lilian's shirt.

Lilian almost wanted to give Katie what she asked for. It was certainly tempting when Katie arched under her, grinding just the slightest against her leg. She wavered for a second, but she remembered all the teasing and shaming Katie had put her through. 

"Forget it. Don't ask me to satisfy your needs. I'm not in the market for a whore." Lilian pushed off the door, her sudden retreat clearly not what Katie had expected, the other woman stumbling to find her footing.

Katie looked at Lilian with an openly stunned face, but a soft knock on the door turned their attention. Katie moved away so Lilian could open the door. Katie's mother stood there, a beaming smile in her face. "There you are, Katie. I've got the iced tea made up now, come on into the kitchen for a snack once you're all unpacked, Lilian." 

"Thanks. We'll be right there, Mom." Lilian gave a small smile and swung the door fully open as her step-mother went down the hall.

Turning to Katie, Lilian met hungry hazel eyes. "Out. And don't come back in so long as we're both here."

*******

When Lilian lay in her old bed that night she was restless. She couldn't forget how Katie had squirmed against her, pleading. She also couldn't forget how hard Katie had made her life growing up. 

Lilian's mother had divorced her father when Lilian was only a few years old. She still had never asked for tons of detail, but she'd never missed not having a mom. Her dad had filled the roles and been an amazing single parent. Lilian knew he'd worked two jobs and had a lot of help from friends and his own parents. Now that she was an adult, Lilian could understand how lonely his life must have seemed, as a single father. She didn't resent her father remarrying, and had come to love her step-mother. Katie was another thing. 

Having to adjust to having a sister in ninth grade had been the worst. Especially when that sister was stylish, popular, and a social butterfly - all things Lilian herself struggled with. Katie wowed everyone at school, boys and girls alike. She knew how to primp and tease, had all the latest gossip, knew which clothes were popular. And she was an A student, so teachers loved her too. 

On top of all that, Lilian was struggling with an identity crisis, one that lasted through high school and she was only able to accept during college. Girls. Oh my word, girls. Lilian was horrified to realise she was gay, more because she already felt like a social pariah and coming out would only ostracize her more. 

Somehow, Katie found out. She used that knowledge to torment Lilian, flashing her anytime they crossed paths in the bathroom, trying to get a reaction. Calling her names in front of her posse at school, laughing when Lilian couldn't stop the tears. Spreading rumors among the boys on the football team so they would harass her during lacrosse practice. Lilian was able to ignore most of it, eventually coming out to her father and step-mom. They helped keep Katie in check, but Katie got sneaky. 

The worst thing Katie ever did was kiss her. Lilian rolled over in her small twin bed and closed her eyes, as if squeezing her eyes shut would stop the memory. Sure, they'd both been drunk from the end of school party senior year. Sure, they'd shared a giggle at bumping into each other sneaking back into the house. Then they'd stumbled through the house, shushing and giggling as they held each other up. 

Lilian remembered stopping Katie in the dark living room, shushing her again, trying to listen for their parents. Katie had leaned into her, mumbling something about always wanting to try. Lilian had asked Katie what she meant, only to have Katie press her lips to Lilian's. Shocked, Lilian hadn't resisted when Katie pushed her to lay on the couch and had wiggled her sleek little body atop Lilian's. She'd kissed Katie back, breathless with excitement. She had touched and stroked Katie, boldly squeezing her round tush to help guide her dry humping. 

Lilian sat up, tossing aside covers. She was too hot, too caught up in the memories. Snagging her phone from the desk Lilian slipped from her room, padding to the kitchen for a drink of water. She filled her cup twice, sipping slowly in the dark, before setting her cup in the empty sink. On her way back to her room she could hear her dad snoring, which made her smile. 

She passed the bathroom, then the office where her dad sometimes worked from home. Lilian passed Katie's room, not thinking twice about her, but a noise had her pausing, tense and listening. 

A muffled moan and some serious sheet rustling came from Katie's room. That was enough to speed Lilian along, as was the quiet, long and wobbly moan that followed Lilian to her room. 

"Fuck. Fuck." Lilian tossed her phone to the bed and dug into her backpack. That sound replayed in her head, a close imitation of the sound Katie had made in her ear that night as she'd rubbed herself hard and faster into Lilian's thigh. Lilian straightened, ipod and headphones in hand. Music would help. Music would lull her to sleep. It had to work. 

****

Lilian kept busy Wednesday and Thursday she was on her best behavior, the house full of friends and family for the holiday. She ignored the hungry look Katie gave her in the kitchen, behind her mother's back, when Lilian had come out dressed up for company. 

Lilian let herself acknowledge that Katie had made an effort too. She wore a simple dress in pink, white strappy sandals on her feet. She'd chosen simple jewelry and left her honey gold hair loose. Lilian was surprised to see a half sleeve tattoo on Katie's right arm and a few scattered tats on her left bicep. 

Dinner was loud, relaxed, and long. Pie afterwards was paired with ice cream, followed by drinks outside around the firepit. Lilian stood on the edge of the crowd, smaller now, occasionally swirling the whiskey in her glass. She didn't hear Katie come up to her, had no idea how long her step-sister stood next to her, until Katie delicately cleared her throat.

"Happy Thanksgiving, Lilian." Katie's quiet voice barely carried to Lilian. 

Pleasantly full and buzzing nicely, Lilian didn't have the energy to be cruel. "Happy Thanksgiving, Katie. You look really nice in that shade of pink." 

"Thank you." Katie tucked some hair over her ear, styled hoop earring swaying. "You look really nice tonight. I dont think I've ever seen you so comfortable in dress clothes."

Lilian chuckled. "I found a style that didn't feel wrong. It's amazing how freeing that can be." Lilian looked down at the dress pants, button down shirt and vest she wore. It was basic, but she knew she filled it out well. 

Katie hummed quietly into her hard lemonade and slowly leaned against Lilian. Lilian was aware of a low tension between them, different from the animosity driven angsty sort they'd had before. They stood like that for a long while, Katie's mom bringing both a refill before the fire died down and good nights were said. 

The girls helped clear the kitchen, Katie ditching her sandals to patter about barefooted, Lilian rolling up her sleeves and undoing a couple buttons at her throat. The three women chatted about the day, recounting their various conversations with guests. 

After the last guests were escorted to their vehicle and waved off Lilian's dad came to collect his wife, kissing both girls goodnight. The dishes were finished in silence, then Katie excused herself. Lilian put away the last of the dishes and poured herself another whiskey. She turned out most of the lights, sitting on the couch in the dim light to sip her drink and relax. 

The quiet click of a door latch woke Lilian, who had dozed briefly on the couch. Leaning forward she finished her drink and set her glass on the coffee table then leaned back into the couch. She looked up when Katie turned the corner, still in her dinner dress but without the jewelry, still barefoot. 

Neither woman spoke, words were useless. Katie tipped her head as she slowly crossed the room, watching Lilian. Lilian stared back, wary, aroused, buzzed. Katie hesitated when she came up to Lilian, her front teeth digging into the softness of her bottom lip as she watched her step-sister. Lilian didn't move except to steady Katie when she slowly but gracefully straddled Lilian's lap. Katie slid until she was almost too close to Lilian, bending down to offer a kiss. 

Lilian let Katie kiss her, her mind too far gone to think about possible consequences, if this was a good idea or not. She responded intermittently to her step-sister's advance, keeping the kissing almost chaste, even when one of Katie's hands stroked the length of Lilian's torso. Lilian looked up when Katie retreated, seeing the same hunger in those impressive eyes. They mirrored the way she felt, so Lilian raised a hand and gently guided Katie in for another, deeper kiss, her fingers tunneling into the thick wealth of honey gold hair. 

Katie moaned so quietly it was little more than a vibration shared between their lips. She began a slow rolling motion with her hips, pressing gently into Lilian. The slight pressure fed Lilian's simmering arousal, the intent behind Katie's movement doing more to excite Lilian than the actual grinding. She set her free hand on her step-sister's hip, feeling the soft dress and the flexing muscles beneath. She held Katie as they kissed, exploring each other's mouths, with the occasional kiss to cheeks and foreheads. 

Katie's hands weren't still, exploring Lilian's chest and shoulders. It wasn't long before she'd unbuttoned Lilian's vest and started in on the buttons of the dress shirt. Lilian brought her hands up from Katie's hips and cupped her cheeks, breaking their kiss. "No." 

That single word stopped Katie, brought her rhythmic grind to a shuddering halt. Lilian felt Katie's fingers twitch against her belly, felt the heat radiating from between her step-sister's thighs. Looking up through her eyelashes Lilian saw the confusion battle with need, then turn to mild panic. Understanding that Katie was jumping to the wrong conclusion, Lilian let one hand drop, brushing her fingers against the softness of Katie's dress. "Show me."

Delicate gold eyelashes tinted with mascara fluttered shut. Katie leaned away, one hand on Lilian's knee for support as Katie resumed her hip shimmying, her other hand slowly bunching the material of her dress to teasingly expose herself for Lilian. Lilian watched, her pulse quickening as a lacy thong was revealed. The white against Katie's tanned skin had Lilian's mouth watering, as did the obvious moisture soaking the gusset. She couldn't resist and stroked the lacy front of Katie's thong, brushing her fingers against it as she'd done the dress. 

Before Lilian could try to remove the panties to peek at what they covered Katie dropped her dress. Still leaning back, she shook her hair back and slid first one strap, then the other off her shoulders. The dress fell, pooling forgotten around Katie's rolling hips. Lilian stared, embarrassed to feel heat burning her cheeks. If Katie noticed, she didn't bring attention to the blush. Instead she reached for Lilian's hands and brought them both to her chest, pressing them into her own breasts. 

Lilian cupped them, a purr vibrating quietly in her chest. Katie's breasts were firm, pliable, and round with just a slight pear shape. The nipples crowning each one were a delightful pink, tightened to twin peaks in the cool air. Katie helped Lilian fondle them, silently showing how she needed to be touched. Lilian couldn't help watch Katie's face as they squeezed and stroked together. The open emotions on display were captivating. Leaning in, Lilian pressed a wet kiss to the center bottom of Katie's ribs, the soft inner curves of Katie's breasts pillowing Lilian's forehead briefly. More kisses trailed up the central divide, then veered right, spiraling in to find a softly rigid nipple. 

Lilian almost lost herself in the moment, one arm wrapped around Katie to keep her close as Lilian suckled at her left nipple again. The small, tender bud in her mouth and under her tongue, the soft panting of Katie's breath in her hair, the warmth and weight of her in Lilian's lap, even the soft floral notes mixed with the more natural scent of Katie's skin. Fingers tunneling into her hair pulled Lilian back. Katie kissed Lilian again, more passion and need growing between them. Katie caught Lilian's hand and pulled away from the kiss to suck Lilian's fingers, her tongue swirling and stroking the digits individually. 

Lilian was too busy watching her step-sister suck her fingers to care that Katie's other hand was sneaking between their bodies. She didn't stop Katie when she cupped Lilian, firmly and boldly rubbing at her pussy. Lilian needed the contact, needed the pressure to send a heady rush of pleasure through her body. When Katie let go of her hand and leaned in for more kisses Lilian met her halfway. She pulled Katie in, hands on Katie's hips to guide the humping into something more. She bucked up into Katie, small movements that forced a gasp from her step-sister's lips. 

Katie leaned back sharply, gasping quietly for air, head thrown back as Lilian added more speed and purpose to their grinding. Lilian watched her, more turned on than she could remember being. Katie finally raised her head, brow furrowing. She bared her teeth at Lilian and clutched Lilian's arm, one hand finding purchase in the loose vest. Lilian shook her head, not wanting Katie to cum yet, half amazed she could cum just from making out on a couch. She slid Katie away, taking away their intimate contact.  

That didn't sit well with Katie. Lilian didn't expect a furious reaction and was shocked when Katie pushed back, trying to regain the closeness, a hand suddenly around Lilian's throat. Katie didn't squeeze, Lilian wasn't being choked, but she did relax back into the couch in reflex to the threat. Keeping her chin high, Lilian forced Katie's hips to still, her thumbs digging into soft flesh. Glazed over hazel eyes met Lilian's stare. Lilian didn't blink and won the stare down. The frenzied arousal cleared from Katie's eyes and she moved her hand, cupping Lilian's cheek for a soft kiss. "Please." Katie whispered.

More than ready for this to become more, Lilian gathered Katie close, bracing her heels against the couch. She stood, legs only slightly wobbly, and carried Katie to her room. The coo in her ear as they crossed the living room was more than worth it. 

Lilian deposited Katie in the desk chair and closed the door, making sure it was locked. Turning to her step-sister Lilian discarded the vest. "Play with yourself. Show me." Lilian undid one more shirt button, watching Katie chew her lip. 

Katie caught on quickly, standing and bending over the chair, lifting her skirt up and over one hip. She looked over her shoulder at Lilian, and did a little swaying dance, caressing her own bottom, playfully slapping the smooth cheek. Katie flexed and swayed on her tiptoes, giving Lilian a lovely peekaboo glimpse of a plump pussy under wet white lace, framed between sleek thighs. Katie lifted a leg, braced on the bedside and snuck a hand between her legs. She rubbed her clit, dropping her head at the contact, then let her fingers continue, pressing into the panties, more moisture leaking onto the soaked gusset.

Lip caught between her teeth, Katie repositioned and reached back again, this time to pull the thong aside. Lilian swallowed a sudden surge of saliva at the glistening, plump pink folds of Katie's pussy. Katie watched Lilian with heavy eyes, a single finger tracing up and down her sex. She moaned quietly when she sank that finger to the third knuckle, removing it swiftly and sucking the juice from it. Lilian groaned when Katie slapped her own ass again, fingers immediately returning to circle her clit. 

It was hard to stop watching Katie masturbate, but Lilian stood and crossed the room, naked except for a harness buckled to her hips, a generous dildo bobbing. Katie straightened when Lilian approached, those needy eyes widening when they landed on the toy. Katie gave Lilian a look, one that screamed gleeful surrender. Lilian pushed Katie's dress off and kicked it away, then tugged sharply on the thong's waistband. It seemed strong. Katie bent over without any prodding, stepping wide to give Lilian room, arching her back to present her drenched sex.

Taking the thick cock in hand Lilian swiped it's blunt tip up and down through Katie's wetness, then seated the head fully, her hands settling on Katie's hips to control the first few strokes. By the third stroke Katie was whining softly, pushing back to meet Lilian. Any plan or thought to take this slowly was shot to hell when Katie whispered, "Harder. Please. Fuck me harder. Faster." Lilian sank the toy, adjusted her stance and pulled away. She thrust back in hard enough to squeak the desk chair under Katie, fast enough that Katie had to brace her arms to avoid falling. 
