 I knew I heard the door. I looked out of the shower and listened for who came in. Before I could say anything Sirena came around the corner. We were supposed to go shopping for a new pair of shoes in the plaza at noon and then have lunch, for once Sirena was early. 

"I thought we were going shopping?" She asked, fixing her make-up in the bathroom mirror. "Man, your shower must be hot, I can barely see my reflection"

"You look fine" I said, realizing that she did look fine...in fact she looked hot. Feeling my self get uncomfortable, I asked "What stores were we going to?" My voice was shaky, I had never been naked before in front of another woman, and I felt myself starting to be aroused just by her being there. I had never thought of Sirena in that way but had always secretly fantasized about being with another woman. I closed the shower curtain again and moved back into the water. 

The warm spray moved over my body. The once calming shower suddenly was more frustrating than help. I was still getting turned on simply by the mere thought of being unclothed with another woman. Sirena continued talking about what she wanted to buy and where we were going to eat lunch, I gave a few "ah has" every now and then to show I was listening, or at least trying to. Hearing her voice made me shiver, and giving in to my curiosity I ran my hands over my wet breasts. The water flowed over my tits leaving them glistening, my nipples growing hard and pink. 

"She can't see me like this..."I thought looking down at my body full of arousal, "She will know and will never let me down about it." 

But with every brush of the shower curtain flooded my mind of naughty thoughts and I couldn't help grow more and more turned on, my pussy getting tighter with her every word. Running my hands over my breasts I pinched my nipples, rubbing them hard under the water. 

"Did you hear me..." Sirena said opening the shower curtain. 

Her eyes licked my body as if I were candy. I had never seen a woman look at me that way....pure lust. She leaned in putting her mouth firmly over mine, and then pulled back. I was a little shocked and the look on my face must have shown that. Sirena leaned in again, and kissed me gently and longer. Something within me started to stir and I found myself kissing her back. She pressed her body closer and kissed harder, not caring that her clothes were being saturated. She moved her hands over my breasts, cupping them with her palms. I could tell she had done this before, unlike me, she didn't seem nervous. She pushed her body firmly against mine, pinning me up against the shower wall. Her hands moved with expertise, over my nipples and tits, squeezing gently, all the while getting drunk off my kisses. I could feel myself growing hot, as if something inside was melting. Painful....that good kind of painful that you only get when you are truly turned on. 

"How long is your shower going to be?" She asked. 

Before I could answer she had gotten out of the shower. "There are towels in the closet" I managed to say, my voice unsure of itself and quiet. "Well that was stupid, of course she knows where the towels are." I thought to myself.

I quickly turned off the shower and stepped out, the bathroom floor cold against my bare feet. Grabbing the towel that I had laid out earlier, and I dried off my hair and body. The bathroom was all steamy, warm and.... empty. I flipped the towel over the rack an pulled my robe over my shoulders. The silk was smooth and cool against my warm skin and a shiver ran up my body remembering Sirena touch. Was this really happening or have I been dreaming, for I have had dreams like this before. 

My stomach tightens as I walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway. A deep feeling of warmth starts building up deep inside me as I turn the corner to see her laying on my bed. Laying there naked, her towel and clothes laying on the floor. I moved closer watching her body, gleaming wet from our shower, as if to say "here I am, now what do you want to do to me". I hadn't been with a woman before, but as I said before I have always fantasized about it. I knew what I wanted to do...and I was going to get what I wanted. 

"So did you have all that planned?" Sirena asked propping her self up a bit on a pillow. 

"No, why did you? I mean you are the one who kissed me." I said trying not to let my voice shake. 

"Well I have been thinking about this for some time now, but didn't think you would be attracted to me." She answered as she gave this naughty smile. 

I moved in closer, sitting next to her on the bed. I was uneasy but extremely turned on. 

"So are you going to stay in your robe all day?" She said giving my robe a firm tug. 

I looked down at my robe, feeling my face grow red, hot. 

Leaning in close she said, "Here let me help you."

My robe slid off my shoulders and on to the bed, exposing my body for her to see once more. My face grew hotter as did something deep inside. I looked up to see her lick her lips, as if I was something tasty. She traced her hand over her breast and down her side, showing great attention to her erect nipples. 

"So would you like..." She managed to get out before I covered my mouth over hers. 

For a moment I didn't think that she was going to kiss me back....had I miss read her? Did she not want anything more than to tease me? Our mouths pressed together harder...faster, our tongues darting in and out exploring each other, making our faces a sloppy mess. My tongue spilled out over her mouth, as I bit gently on her lip. Sirena tilted her head back as small sound escaped her lips and I realized I hadn't miss read her. I moved over and sucked lightly on her ear, and then trailed my tongue over her neck to her shoulder. I could feel myself getting wet, my pussy filling, aching with need. I paused there for a moment and just watched her moving beside me. I was doing a good job, I could tell, and I hadn't even started. 

My eyes fell to her breasts. They were full and round...perfect. Her nipples were taught and pink with anticipation but I wasn't going to touch them yet. I rolled my tongue over her skin down, down, down to her belly. She had a cute little belly ring that I was just dieing to play with. I slowly brought it in my mouth, sucking lightly. It made little clinking noises as I flicked it with my tongue. I could smell from where I was that she was even more than wet then me, probably soaking my bed sheets. The smell of her juice was almost intoxicating, and I felt my self grow hotter. 

I moved my hands over her breasts cupping them gently in my palms. I looked up to see her watching me lick her belly, her eyes telling me she wanted more. But of course I knew she wanted more. 

Giving her ring one more flick with my tongue I moved back up to her breasts. My hands palming over them. I made certain not to touch her nipples until I was ready. Squeezing a little harder now I pushed her breasts together. 

"Please," She said moving against my body, trying bribing me to listen. "Please suck on me" 

But she wasn't the one in charge...I was. And I was going to do things when I wanted. 

"You should be quiet." I said giving her tit a little slap. 

She liked this. She gave a little moan and continued to wiggle under me. My fingers slowly moved from cupping her over to her nipples. The tips of my fingers moved slowly, encircling them, making them grow larger and red. I licked my finger and traced a line around, leaving a glistening wet trail. My fingers danced over them, rolling them gently at first and then harder in short bursts. 

"You like that?" I asked in a low seductive voice. Of course I knew she did but I wanted and answer. She moaned lightly, but gave me no answer. Giving her tit another little slap I asked again, " Do you like that?" 

"Yes....Yes I like that. Don't stop, please don't stop." She said pushing my hands tighter around her tits. 

I drew closer, and moving my tongue around her nipple. I felt a small spasm in my pussy, as my lips covered her entire nipple, making the inside of my thighs a sticky mess as my wetness flowed down my legs. I began to softly suck, then harder, pushing them far in my mouth, as if I wanted to swallow her entire tit. I flicked and bit down slightly, while pinching and rolling the other between my fingers. I rubbed them together on either sides of my face, kissing and nibbling them till a loud moan escaped her lips. 

Grabbing my hair she pushed me down farther. I left sloppy kisses all down the center of her body. My forceful hands pushed her legs open so that I could lay between them. Taking my first glance at her, told me that I was doing good. She was open, ready, and glistening with her juices. I took a deep breath smelling her and feeling the heat off her pussy. I teased her slightly, licking the inside of her thigh, kissing or nibbling to keep her breaths quickly rising and falling, wanting more. I wanted more and couldn't keep it up for long, but feeling her body move, trying to get my mouth closer, made me tighten more inside. 

I slowly spread her folds back, releasing more of her intoxicating juices, and began to lick the outside of her. Her skin was smooth, warm and wet. I moved my tongue up and down her open lips, breathing in her smell. I would smell like her when my husband came home...and thinking of this turned me on more. He would hug me when he came through the door, as he always does, ...and he would know...know what I had been doing. 

Using my one hand I spread her lips farther, exposing every inch over pussy. I blew gently on her, and I watched as her clit popped up wanting more. I gently started to suck Sirena's clit pulling it slightly into my mouth. I moved over it harder, finding some rhythm in my movements. I looked up at her, my mouth still deep in her pussy and watched her pinch and play with her breasts. 

"You like the view?" she asked me devilishly, catching me watching her. 

Not waiting for an answer she grabbed a full hand of hair and pressed my head harder to her pussy. "Do I taste good? You like that don't you?" She asked, moving her hips back and fourth to better saturate my face with her juice. 

This was too much for me. I was so wet, so needing. I reach between my legs and started rubbing myself while I licked her, drinking as much of her as I could. Sirena arched her back and I knew she was close to cumming, but I wasn't done with her. Moving my face back and fourth with her rhythm I got as much of her juice on me as possible, and moved out from between her legs. 

The look in her eyes was priceless, she had wanted....needed to cum. But I stopped. 

"Why did you stop?" She wined. Sliding her finger over her clit. 

This was not going to do....I was in charge and she wasn't going to cum till I told her to. 

I leaned in close to her, "You will come....when I say you can cum" I whispered in her ear. She let out a moan and whimpered a little, but didn't argue. 

"Now about those hands" I said, grabbing them both and holding them above her head. 

She looked so good under me, writhing, wanting, and not being able to do anything but wait. I wanted this to last, picturing her under my control, gave me an idea. I moved to the closet and got one of my husbands ties...I knew he wouldn't mind, and used it to bind her wrists. Not hard, but tight. 

Once tied I moved back to her cunt. She was fully wet again. I buried my face deep with in her and sucked up as much of her juice into my mouth. I moved up to her, her eyes filling with ecstasy, wondering what I was doing. I leaned in closer opening my mouth to let her juice spill out over my tongue onto her lips and into her wanting mouth. She sat up and drank my mouth dry, kissing me as if to swallow me entirely. 

"You taste good don't you?" I asked. Little noises passed her lips but she didn't answer. 

I slapped her tit and then asked again. She writhed on the bed under me but still no answer. Ahhh she was playing the game well I thought, so I slapped her pussy instead. She wasn't expecting this, but liked it all the same. 

"Yes...YES I taste good!!" She yelled. 

I moved back to her pussy, and opened her lips wide with my fingers. I gave her clit a quick flick with my tongue and inserted one finger into her wanting fuck hole. Her precious juice flowed over my fingers and hand as I pushed into her warmth. Little by little I pushed till I was all the way in. She was wet and open, but still very tight. I slid my finger in and out, opening her little by little, all the while sucking and flicking her clit with my tongue. She was open now, wanting more. I slid in my a second finger, making her moan loudly and rise on the bed. I continued to lick her tasty little pussy and finger fucked her faster and faster. She was going to cum, but I wanted to cum first. 

I stopped and leaned up to kiss her, stopping only a moment to suck on her tits. She sat up from the bed for a second and I knew what she wanted. I plunged my soaked fingers deep in her mouth. She licked them clean, not leaving a single drop. Watching her suck on my fingers, told me that she was good at sucking cock. My mind drifted for a second and I wondered what she would look like with her lips around my husbands long hard, dick. She gave a little whimper, which brought me back to reality. 

"I want you to scoot down." I said pointing to the center of the bed. There was no questioning me, she just did as she was told, and moved to the center of the bed. I went to the closet and pulled out my husband's and my toy box. We had lots of toys, but I only needed two right now. I pulled out two of my favorites and walked back to the bed. 

She looked at me with her cute little smile... that smile that says I know you think I am innocent but I am really naughty as hell. It was one of my favorite things about her, I only just now was realizing it. 

I positioned myself over her, straddling her head.

"Do you want a taste?" I asked as I teased her with the closeness of my pussy. 

I moved over her, staying only inches from reach. 

"Yes please! Let me lick you." She said in baby talk. 

Normally this would have been a turn off for me but seeing her face just inches away from my clit, made all the difference. 

"Can I please have my hands free, so I can touch you?" She asked.

With out answering her I moved closer, laying my cunt on her face. I straddled her like this, rubbing myself over her mouth, slowly and then faster. Rubbing that special place that was needing touched. I felt like I was going to burst....shoot cum all over her. She was loving it, you could hear her small slurping sounds between my moans. I reached behind me and loosened the tie, so that she could have her hands. Her tongue danced over my clit, making it swell and ache. She dug her nails into my ass and pushed me down farther, almost smothering herself with my pussy. I leaned in over her and began to massage her pussy again. I softly smacked her, and she cried out surprise. She wiggled underneath me, cunt filling with juice once more. I smacked her again, this time harder. Her now red pussy needed my mouth, her clit swollen with arousal. I licked fast and hard, not missing any area. Fingers spreading her wide once more, she was open enough for the toy. I slid the long shaft deep in her wetness, till I hit the end of her, filling her entire pussy. She stopped eating me long enough to moan "Yes" I moved the toy slowly in and out, and flicked her clit with my tongue. Her hips moved with the rhythm of my lips and hands urging me to fuck her faster... harder. 

I began to move with her, rubbing my pussy over her lips and tongue. She used her hand to pinch my nipple as they bounced back and fourth. Then I felt something I wasn't expecting. Suddenly my pussy was full, pushing on every inch of me, the toy still squeezing it's way in. I was wet, but not open. My cunt burned, aching, wanting her to fuck me. I pushed back, taking in the entire toy. Slowly at first she moved the toy in and out, my juice dripping on her face. Then she moved faster, harder, and started sucking my clit again. 

Our hands, lips and bodies moved together in a circle of sucking, moaning and fucking. I felt like I was going to cum all over her mouth any moment, and I could tell that she was close also. We moved faster together. Sirena started moaning louder and louder, which only made me grow closer to my own orgasm. And then she hit it... I felt myself spasm around the hard toy, but she didn't stop fucking me, she pushed harder, till I was no longer cumming. Taking the toy out she licked it clean and then continues on to licking my cunt. 

I slid my hand around her ass and pulled her closer, it was her turn to cum. There was no playing around, I fucked her. The long shaft slid in and out, dripping with juice. I found my rhythm once more fucking her mad, and concentrated on her lovely clit. She moved her hips with me, pushing me closer, deeper. Using both her hands she held my head, keeping me in place. I lied there fucking and licking her, taking her all in. She began to moan louder, and louder. I knew that this was it. She pushed her hips hard against my mouth, and I felt her clit began to pulsate against my lips. I sucked on it hard, bringing it into my mouth, the toy fucking her pussy still. I pulled my mouth away and removed the toy. It was dripping and hot with her cum. The smell of her was incredible, I couldn't stop myself from licking her dry. My tongue darted in and out of her fuck hole and around her swollen read lips collecting every drop till her hot little pussy was clean. 

I moved off of her and laid next to her on the bed. Her face was covered with my cum, once perfect make-up smeared with my drippings. We leaned in and kissed, drinking each other down. 

And then I heard something. Something outside. I pulled the curtain slightly away from the window to see that my husband was home. 

"MMMM this could be fun." Sirena said pulling the bed sheet around her body. 

The question is should we stay in bed, or get dressed fast?

To be continued...