 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Marlene sped down the highway with her step daughter asleep in the front passenger seat next to her. The flight from Brisbane was a long one for her adult step daughter who she was now meeting for the second time. Luckily the drive to Bunbury wasn't too far so she knew Faye would be awake again soon. Marlene knew Faye had been having trouble sleeping since she'd broken up with her obnoxious husband. It was sad that Faye was so upset, but Marlene knew that in the long term Fay would be much better with his misogynistic influence removed from her life.

During the drive there, the wind fluttered and blew with such mischief, lifting Fay's hem up so that her flimsy summer cotton dress keep exposing Fay's shapely invitingly smooth thighs and teasingly exposing her wicked sheer panties. With that on display, it took all the control Marlene had, not to reach over and touch her gorgeous step daughter's invitingly sexy flesh. And it also took all the control Marlene could muster to not lift up her own short and provocative skirt, to reach inside her skimpy panties, and teasingly slide her fingers into herself to pleasure her pussy. Touching her own wetness while thinking of caressing Faye's inviting softness had Marlene squirm around in her seat. 

Seeing her exposed inviting and sheer panties in that way, was really making Marlene flushed. She imagined, if they weren't sitting in a car, if she wasn't driving, and if Faye was a lesbian, too, Marlene would have crawled between her step daughter incredibly delicious legs and licked and fingered Faye's luscious pussy through Fay's flimsy panties.

When the top two buttons of Fay's sundress suspiciously flopped open, Faye offered Marlene a clear view of her pert but shapely breasts and suspiciously erect nipples. Caught in the speeding car confines, all Marlene could do was fantasise the entire drive to Bunbury about caressing those perfectly delightful breasts and touching those silky soft but hard nipples, feeling their welcome enticements, and sucking them while she had her own cliterous teasingly sucked. Almost wishing she wasn't in a soft top, wishing her step daughter wasn't straight and that she could show her all the special pleasure as an experienced lesbian lover she could provide for her gorgeous step daughter.

Dwelling on the sight before her was extremely erotic for Marlene, and meant she realised she was very feeling sexually frustrated. To distract herself she tried concentrating on the local scenery, but it was so well known to her it didn't really divert her desire. So she tried thinking of all the fun she'd have at home with Sally; her other adult step daughter who was five years older than Faye.

Marlene was acutely aware of the unusual family dynamics that she had married into, and which Sally had substantially orchestrated. She was sure, she didn't want to spoil anything between her and Sally, but Sally wasn't there to catch her staring lustfully at Faye's inviting pussy outlined by her flimsy panties and her braless buds of enticing flesh. For Marlene, someone like Faye, a woman so torn by her recent break up, and who seemed so straight, she could never let her know that Marlene was a lesbian, and harboured lust filled desire for her step daughter.

But it was her fantasy to seduce her straight step daughter. So she imagined what she might say to Faye, if she suddenly discovered that Faye was bi. How Marlene would entreat her to share in the hedonistic offerings she had at her disposal for Faye's blissful orgasmic pleasure. She knew it would go something like this ....

"I was attracted to you the very first time I saw you, I couldn't believe how gorgeous you are," said Marlene.

"Once I knew you were straight, I was devastated and afraid to approach you about how I was attracted to you. Now I want you to know how much I fantasise about you, and I was so hoping you wanted to enjoy my desire for you, with me, too," she rush out in hasty lust.

Marlene was looking at Faye again and looking away, she did it again and again, it was so tantalising. The sight drove her wild with lust for Faye's gorgeous sexy and inviting body.

Marlene knew she needed to take Faye to their family home. She knew she couldn't bear the thought of another woman seeing Faye like this and desiring her vulnerable and sexy step daughter. Unusually for her Marlene felt a sudden wave of possessiveness and jealousy course through her as she imagined Faye's sensuous lips dancing on her soft flesh.

Her feelings for her other step daughter Sally were so different. She loved Sally unreservedly but she also knew they had something missing that they both were searching for as they escaped into their shared passion for hedonistic pleasures. The pleasures they shared were magical but Marlene desired an elusive opportunity to seduce her other step daughter.

Marlene was approaching the house now, so she slowed down as she swung the car into the long driveway. The sandy driveway made that unusual grating hissing noise as the tyres gripped the small but recently wet sand. Marlene could see that the sprinklers had only recently been turned off which was a sure sign that Sally had recently been outside.

As she came to a stop in the car, she could see Sally standing in the doorway. Once the car came to a complete stop, Sally walked the 20 metres she needed to cover to reach her sister's door handle. She gently opened the door as Faye's slowly registered that they were at her family home. Sally wrapped her arms around her sister and hugged her warmly. Faye embraced her gorgeous sister, surely she loved no one more than her wonderful sister. Sally finally led Faye inside, once they had finished their long and lingering cuddle they shared so lovingly.

Marlene watched on, knowing that she would never have that kind of shared sibling bond with either of them. She already shared such a beautiful love with Sally. But Marlene wished that they could all share something more forbiddingly exotic, where she could indulge in fulfilling a desire she had harboured since she'd been a teenager.

Once inside, Sally looked lovingly at her sister, and said, "well how are you my favourite chicken?"

Faye started to cry, and Sally moved forward to her, held her lovingly as she consoled her gorgeous sister. After a while, Marlene, moved over towards the sisters, once she had established that Faye seemed to have stopped sobbing. 

With a glint of lust in her eyes Marlene asked Faye, "would you like a shower after your long flight?"

Faye lifted her head and nodded as she sought to bring her gentle sobbing to an absolute end. She knew there would be more time later to talk with her loving sister.

Faye spoke quietly to Sally, "Little sis I think Marlene's right, I think a shower would really help me feel better after that long flight, and every things that happened."

Sally released her from her hug, and Faye followed Marlene down the hallway to the room that Marlene indicated she was staying in. The family home was slightly different from what Faye remembered it was like, but it had been a while since she'd been home. It was obvious that Marlene soft feminine touch was evident in many small ways within the house now; as she walked past the various ornaments and soft furnishings in the bedrooms and down the hallway.

As they entered the bedroom, Faye swayed, stumbled, and brushed against Marlene. Quickly Marlene reached out to steady her, but in the process brushed her hands across Faye's breasts. Faye's response was unexpected for both of them, with Faye blushing as her body responded with unexpected lust. Faye's nipples shone through the thin dress she was wearing. Marlene was really delighted to see how a supposedly inadvertent firm contact with Faye's breasts and nipples had redirected Faye's body away from sadness towards lust.

"Would you like me to sit in the bathroom with you so you're not alone when you shower?" Marlene asked Faye.

Faye smiled at her, and nodded her head. Successful in her initial seductiveness, Marlene picked up the chair beside the bed and moved into the bathroom to enjoy Faye removing her clothes.

Faye followed her seductive step mother, Marlene, into the bathroom. Shyly looking at Marlene as she turned the water on. She wondered what her step mother would be thinking as she slipped her almost see through dress over her head.

Marlene knew this was very risky for all of them. Her own lust had been so heightened by the sensual teasing she had endured on the drive from the airport. It had definitely turned her in a way that made her feel the risk was worth it. Faye's demeanour suggested she wanted Marlene to take the initiative and keep asking for what seemed ultimately desired by them both.

As Faye stood passively in the bathroom looking at the water gushing out of the shower rose. It was obvious that she was waiting for her step mother to do or say something. 

So Marlene asked her, "you seem distracted and tired gorgeous, can I help you out of your clothes or would you prefer I leave so you can undress?"

"Oh no, don't leave, .... yes, yes, I need to undress me," smiled Faye as she looked at the step mother she so desperately wished would seduce her.

Marlene moved closer to Faye, and gently unbuttoned the remainder of the buttons on her dress. And as she slide the dress upwards and over Faye's head, her hands carefully and calculatingly caressed her step daughter's bare flesh. As her hands sensually slid across the tingling skin of her step daughter, Marlene lent in to kiss Faye's neck. Delighted with her step mother's seductive caresses, Faye shifted her head to the side as she welcomed her step mother inviting lips to enjoy themselves caressing her delicate neck.

They could suddenly hear Sally moving around, and the spell of shared lust for each other was immediately broken. With a seemingly inviting sway of her hips, Faye moved delightfully into the showers gushing warmth. She felt the rivers of dancing warm wetness sliding seductively across her body in a way that made her smile with only partly hidden desire for more enjoyable flesh filled connection with her step mother.

Marlene sensed she needed to show Faye just how much she wanted her gorgeous body to be hers, so she asked, "would you like me to wash your back?"

"Yes please," was all Faye quietly replied.

Faye felt so turned on knowing that her gorgeous step mother would soon be using her body in the ways she had fantasied about so much. How could her step mother know she had often pleasured herself thinking about all the wonderful things she wanted to share with Marlene. Sadly her reflection briefly remind her that it usually occurred after her horrible ex-husband had locked her in their house as a prisioner as he left the house for work.

As Faye wasn't watching Marlene, she didn't realise Marlene had quickly stepped out of her clothes and stepped into the shower with her naked sexy body. So she was definitely surprised when she felt Marlene's hard nipples pressing into her back, but this turned into a rush of desire as she realised Marlene was about to kiss her neck again. How could Marlene know it was the part of her body that she most loved having kissed and that she fantasised so much about Marlene kissing her on that totally exposed and vulnerable part of her seductively committed body?

"It's about to happen for a second time," she murmured, as Marlene lowered her lips onto Faye's invitingly soft neck.

This kiss was longer, much longer, and much more passionate than the first kiss she enjoyed. Faye felt herself moaning as her passion grew for her step mother to take advantage of her absolute vulnerability. She twisted around so she was facing Marlene, and looked deep into Marlene's lust filled eyes. They came together as one.

At first their mouths just moulded together in the fires that burnt between them. Faye felt herself drifting with the pleasure and lust she felt, she could help herself, and was giving many tiny moans of satiated lust as she tasted Marlene succulent tongue. Soon their tongues ventured out into a passionate and erotic dance of lust across each others mouths. They tasted each others lust, and enjoyed all the tentative probing and exploring of each others lips that two people do when they first discover that shared understanding and bond of reciprocated lust.

Marlene whimpered softly and her arms wrapped themselves tightly around Faye welcoming body. Then she was pulling her in closer, and it was so rewarding to feel Faye's body like it was floating in unrestricted joy as their bodies were pressing together as one in preparation for orgasmic bliss. Both finally enjoying the expected and welcomed erotic feeling that originates from naked breasts pressing against the unrestrained breasts of desires. Marlene smiled as she felt a thigh grinding against her thigh as Faye was seductively captured and enveloped in Marlene's arms.

Faye ran an exploratively caressing hand down Marlene's soft back, tentatively touching and blissfully stroking her gorgeous soft skin. Faye was leaning forward with her arms thus allowing her to reach down to caress Marlene's taunt bottom. The sensation of touching her gorgeous step mother's so often desired bottom sent a beautiful buzz through her moist pussy, making her breath out deeply, and sending a shudder of delight again through her pulsating pussy as she squeezed the firm warmth of her step mother's inviting muscle.

It was then that Marlene sensed something else, and looked up to see Sally standing there watching them. She observed a very flushed Sally, who had one of her hands squeezing her right breast, and her right hand was definitely deep inside her pants allowing her to pleasure herself as she watched the two people she loved so much enjoying each others bodies. Marlene knew Sally loved to watch others enjoying themselves and to play with herself as she watched.