 In Jen's junior year at University, she was enrolled in an English lit class that required each student to attend a lab style writing period. The lab period unfortunately fell very inconveniently from 3 to 5pm every Friday. At first, and the thing that bothered Jen the most, was that it would be cutting in to the start of the weekend partying.

How this writing lab worked was that each student would sit in a cubicle and listen to a story thru a set of headphones that described an event or some sort of descriptive action. The stories were usually about 15 to 20 minutes long and the assignment was that each student would have to write their own story based on what was heard and then submit the finished work all within the remaining time.

Rachel was the lab assistant that proctored the class. She was a graduate student working on her PhD in literature. Jen guessed that Rachel was probably in her early 30s. Jen also thought that Rachel was very pretty. Rachel's got great facial features and looks like she probably has a nice body too. I say "looks" and "probably" because most times it's hard to tell. You see, Rachel dressed and acted in a manner that made it easy to tell she was a lesbian. Yes, she was butch.

Even though this writing lab was scheduled at such a most inconvenient time, Jen is a very dedicated student and she usually took the whole time available to complete her work assignment. Once she finished, Jen would spend the rest of any remaining time checking and re-checking her work to make sure that she would receive a good grade. Jen was usually the last to leave the lab and afterwards, she and Rachel would talk and BS for a while.

From the very first class back in January, Jen could sense Rachel's interest and so she would flirt with her after class just for fun never really thinking anything would ever come of it. But if something were to happen that would be fine too because for the past year or so Jen was having more sex with women than she was having with men anyway. Not for any particular reason other than that right now at this time in her life, Jen was just not into the immature frat mentality of most boys at school. Instead, she had a close circle of girlfriends. 

Jen's roommate, Stacey and two other girlfriends mixed it up sexually whenever they could. They mostly got together for fun and to relieve pent up sexual desires that built up within them. The girls appreciated that they could relieve these desires without any of the complications that arise from heterosexual relationships. At this point in their lives, a real relationship was just not a priority for them. Sex and orgasms, of course, most certainly were.

Sexually, the four girls were pretty compatible except for one particular thing as far as Jen was concerned. You see, Jen has a tremendously strong sex drive. Jen's craving for sexual release is ever present and has been as far back as she could remember. Jen's hyperactive sex drive compelled her to masturbate most every day just to alleviate the ache that continually wells up inside her. Being aroused and horny most of the time is something that Jen is just used to. It's normal for her. Its how she grew up so it's all she knows. Fortunately, her roommate Stacey understood Jen's needs and so that none of this was awkward or embarrassing for Jen while they lived together at school.

Throughout the year Jen would create little fantasies in her mind about being with Rachel while she masturbated away at night. By the middle of May and the night before the last writing lab, Jen couldn't help but fantasize at least one more time about being with Rachel. Jen prefers to sleep wearing nothing at all since she masturbates practically every night and every morning for that matter. Being naked in bed makes her feel more in tune with her body. It feels more sensitive. Jen takes great pleasure from the sensations of simply writhing around between the sheets and her skin. 

Realizing that she would never be able to get to sleep without taking care of herself a few more times, Jen gave in and sat up in her bed. She rested her back up against the headboard and slipped a few pillows behind her lower back so she would be in a nice comfortable position just perfect for masturbating.

Jen slowly slid the palms of both hands up her flat belly until they met up to the underside of her breasts. Cupping her firm breasts from the underside, she gave them each a couple of squeezes then continued up and over the round supple curves until each of her thumbs and forefingers met at her nipples. She pinched and pulled and threw her head back against the headboard with a thud. She took a deep breath as she felt her nipples grow and harden along with the pleasure. 

With her left hand, Jen pushed up on the underside of her left breast forcing her now stiff hard nipple up toward her head. Jen bent her head down so that her mouth met at her extended nipple. She sucked it in and began to bite and lick it while her right hand kept up with her right breast. 

"How wonderful?" Jen thought to herself. Playing with her nipples like this feels as if two people were pleasuring her at once. Jen's nipples keep growing and harden along with an arousal building like a runaway fire. In one fast and well-practiced motion, Jen captured her left nipple at its base between her front teeth. This allowed her to free her left hand and keep sucking on the aching nipple and licking all about it with her tongue. The fire within continued to grow.

Understand, Jen has the kind of body practically designed for sex. Even her own hands could not help but lust for the feel of the soft skin that encases her firm breasts, her hard nipples, her pussy. She was blessed with a body both men and women dream of. An artist could not render more perfect breasts than what Jen possesses. Firm and round with pink nipples adorned at the center that continuously poke upwards. No wonder she was addicted to pleasing herself. With a libido like Jen's coupled with such a sexy body well, what chance did she have?

Now free to wander, Jen's left hand started its way down toward her pussy. Sliding down across her taut flat stomach, through the soft and neatly cropped mound of pubic hair until finally reaching the lips of her very excited pussy. A soft moan escaped from her lips.

Massaging her pussy like this causes it to swell and begin to open up like a spring flower meeting the morning sun. Jen's clit swells too and it starts to tingle as it emerges out of its hood as if it is seeking out the attention of her fingers all on its own.

Jen likes to slick up her clitoris and the lips of her pussy with her own self made lubrication so, she dipped a finger inside a few times to pull out a good amount of her wet slippery juice and spread it all around her pussy. Jen simply can't get enough of that exquisite sensation of her fingers sliding all around her swollen clit and between her pussy lips when they are so wet like this. It seemingly acts as her own personal arousal gel and fuels her lust. It makes her clit harden, grow and even hum.

Jen continues to rub her pussy with her left hand while her right hand continues rubbing, twisting and pulling hard on her right nipple. Her mouth is still working over her left nipple and she can feel both nipples getting harder and longer as she plays with them. This feeling is such a turn on for her because as you might have guessed, Jen so loves her nipples and loves playing with them. They are very sensitive and they grow so long and get so hard when she's horny. Actually, they are long, hard and sensitive most of the time. They never let her stop thinking about them for very long at all.

Playing with herself like this gets Jen close to cuming within just a few minutes. Both hands working her body expertly and in harmony makes Jen's body respond like it's programmed and thus she starts to cum. When Jen gets into a rhythm like this, she's like a runaway train. Her orgasms just don't stop. It's almost as if they will end only upon their own volition. With her mind flooded with overwhelming pleasure her hands keep up with the masturbatory motions seemingly on their own.

Knowing that her second orgasm will feel better than the first is what keeps her passion and lust going. Each successive orgasm she self induces upon her mind and body is better, is more intense and is simply more powerful than the last. So, one after the other, Jen keeps cuming. She wants to keep cuming. The orgasms keep rolling in and rolling out. Mind and body are just along for the ride. Sometimes she keeps herself cuming until every muscle within her is just too physically spent to continue on. 

Which is what happened that night. When this session was finally over, Jen fell asleep and didn't wake up until the early morning sunshine brightly lit up her room forcing her to awaken from her cum induced slumber. By the time she came around and was completely awake, Jen immediately felt the familiar and stimulating sense of horniness within her yet again. 

Instinctively, Jen's right hand seemingly migrates all on its own down toward her pussy. She positioned her index and middle finger in that sweet familiar valley that exists between the hood of her clit and the outer lips of her labia. Jen rubs her pussy and clit like this in a gentle circular motion. Even from this indirect contact with her clit she begins to get close very fast. So with her left hand, Jen pulls up on the hood that is suppose to protect her clit. Now it's swollen and throbbing.

Pulling up on the hood fully exposes her clit to the open air. The cool air feels nice. Her right index finger dips into her well of lubrication and pulls out a generous amount. Jen places the well-lubricated index finger directly on the tip of the hard sensitive clit making slow circular motions right on top of it. Directly massaging of her clit like this causes extreme sensations and is almost too much to withstand but Jen continues on because she knows the intense tingling will soon be replaced by intense pleasure. 

Jen's clit grows harder and fatter with each circular motion. Both hands are now on her pussy. Her left hand stationed just above her clit keeping it exposed while at the same time it massages the base of her clit. Jen's right index finger continues to circle the top of her clit until she slowly reaches a very nice long early morning orgasm.

After she calmed down a bit from her post-orgasm high, Jen rolled over to get a look at the alarm clock. She figured she could have just one more orgasm before she needed to get ready for the day's classes. It would probably cause her to be a little late for her first class but she decided it would be well worth it. "Just one more" is something Jen says to herself often.

Eventually, Jen made it to her first class and managed to get through it all right but all day long, her thoughts kept coming back to Rachel. Even though she had masturbated her hungry pussy to two early morning orgasms, she still constantly felt that ache between her legs. She was having another one of those days where all day long she felt as if she was half way to orgasm from simply going about her daily routine. Her morning classes dragged on and on and she just kept getting hornier and hornier as the day went by.

It was hot that day and after lunch, Jen told her friends that before her next class starts, she was going back to the room to shower. But by now Jen was so worked up and horny that even though she already had those two early morning orgasms, what she really intended to do was to go back to the room, have a couple more and then take a shower.

So that's what she did. Before the door to her room slammed shut, she was already stripping out of her clothes. Before she got to her bed, she was pinching and pulling on her nipples, which by now, they needed real bad. Jen fell onto the bed with her face hitting the mattress but she remained on her knees leaving her ass sticking up into the air while she started furiously rubbing her hard engorged clit with one hand and fingering her already dripping wet hole with the other.

No messing around. With her teeth biting hard on her blanket, Jen went right at it and masturbated this way to a desperately needed but great orgasm. She pushed her face into the bed sheets to muffle her self-induced screams of pleasure. Unfortunately, Jen didn't have much time before she had to leave for the writing lab. Otherwise Jen was once again in one of her moods where she could have just laid there in bed for the rest of the afternoon and kept going until she wore herself out from cuming. She still felt very horny.

Begrudgingly, Jen got up and did indeed refresh herself with a shower and got ready for the rest of the afternoon and evening. While in the shower, she shaved her legs and pussy. It was the more popular thing around campus these days to keep one's self completely shaved or maintain just a thin strip above the pussy. But Jen prefers to keep a neat and closely cropped mat of pubic hair above her pussy. She thinks it looks nicer this way. It's a nice honey blond color and it feels so soft too. Jen likes to run her fingers through it and scratch across it while on the way to her pussy. She enjoys the sensation.

After Jen's shower, she began to dress for her last writing lab with Rachel. Since it was perhaps the last time she would see her, Jen decided to dress a little sexy. With a body like Jen's there is no such thing as a little sexy. Jen is always a lot sexy no matter what she wears. But even as Jen prepared herself, she never really thought anything would actually ever come from this but it was fun to do a little flirting with Rachel one last time.

She decided to wear a pair of really tight white cotton shorts. They are kind of shear so they give a hint of almost being able to see through them. But of course, you really can't. The shorts are so tight that Jen had to work hard pulling them up over her shapely little ass cheeks and over the light pink thong she picked out.

Jen also picked out a light pink shear bra to wear too. As much as she would sometimes like to, Jen rarely goes out braless. You see, even during just normal day-to-day activities, Jen's nipples are just too hard and long. 

Without a bra, Jen's nipples end up poking out so severely from whatever kind of top she wears that it's just too much of a show. But this bra that Jen picked out today is simply shear enough so that her nipples should poke out just the right amount. Just the right amount to generate the sexual tension she sought that day. Yeah, just enough for anyone to notice. Rachel will.

Lastly, Jen picked out a light pink cotton tank top to wear to wear too. Pink was the theme this day. It's a short tank top that leaves her fit and taut belly exposed. 

Jen wound up getting to the lab room about a minute or two late so as she made her way over to a cubicle, she could feel the usual stares upon her. But today, she was interested in only one of them, Rachel's. So far, so good. Jen took a deep breath, sat down and started her lesson.

Of course, Jen was last to finish with her lesson as usual. It was difficult to concentrate but somehow she managed to complete the assignment, check and then re-check her work. Jen packed up her backpack and made her way toward Rachel's desk. Jen walked over to the printer to retrieve her work then went over and placed the assignment down on Rachel's desk. But when Jen got there, Rachel was quietly talking on the phone. Based on the conversation, she could tell it was with the professor of the class. So Rachel just looked up at Jen and gave her a smile and a nod. Jen was obviously disappointed that they wouldn't be getting the chance to have their usual conversation after class.

So, Jen turned away from Rachel and walked as slow and as sexy as she could toward the exit. Wiggling her cute little round cotton encased butt with each step all the way to the exit. When she got to the door, Jen felt a little thud to her ego. But just as she placed one foot at the other side of the doorway Jen heard Rachel, "Oh Jen, can you come over here for a minute?"

Jen turned around and slowly walked back over toward Rachel's desk making sure she would have as much time as possible to get a good look at her. When Jen got to the desk, Rachel asked if she wouldn't mind helping her bring all of the class material back to her apartment. "Sure, I'm happy to," Jen replied and with that they both set off set off walking across campus to Rachel's apartment.

It was about a ten-minute walk to Rachel's place and the whole time they talked about Jen. Rachel asked about her love life, which included her experiences with girls. Jen was getting very turned on and she knew Rachel was too as Jen described past. Her pussy felt wet and she could almost smell the scent of herself emanating from her already aching, wet and swollen sex as they walked. 

The two girls walked into Rachel's apartment and Rachel placed the box of material on a desk near the entrance and she asked Jen to do the same. Jen bent over and placed the box she had been carrying onto the desk. As Jen bent back upright, Rachel came up behind her with her left hand and pulled back Jen's long blond hair from the right side of her face draping it around to her left side leaving it to fall over her left shoulder. Rachel kissed Jen's soft sensitive bare neck which pleasantly surprising her causing her to tilt her head back and slightly left openly accepting the advance. 

Sensing Jen's willingness, Rachel slid her right hand down past Jen's bare midriff and quickly cupped Jen's pussy over her shorts and gave a forceful rub and squeeze of the hot young pussy in her hand. Jen sighed aloud and simply melted inside with a rush of heat that went scorching through her pussy. Rachel spun Jen around, grabbed her hand and quickly led her to the bed.

At the foot of Rachel's bed, they immediately started kissing. All four hands feeling one another up and down. As they kissed and fondled each other, Rachel slid a hand up the back of Jen's top and undid her bra. Her other hand slid underneath the front of her bra and started squeezing her left breast and pinching her nipple. Rachel felt the unique contrast of very soft but firm flesh of Jen's breast versus the rigid hardness her nipple. Rachel shuddered and whispered into Jen's ear, "God you feel so amazing."

At that moment, Jen was finally able to take a deep breath and gain some composure. Jen decided to act on this opportunity of Rachel's weakened lust filled state and tried to take the lead and be the dominant. Jen planted a wide-open mouth onto Rachel's and kissed her hard sucking her tongue deep into her mouth. Jen leaned forward and pulled Rachel in hard toward her torso by firmly grabbing both of her firm round ass cheeks.

It didn't last long though because Rachel knew what Jen was trying to do and wasn't having any of it. She quickly turned her upper body and now it was Jen who was leaning backward and they both fell onto the bed with Rachel landing on top of Jen. They both kissed each other hard with their tongues darting in and out, sucking and drooling onto each other like they were both starving. Jen gave in and let Rachel have the lead. Actually, since Jen is usually the more dominant when fooling around with her girl friends, she thought it would be nice for a change to simply lie back, relax and allow Rachel to do whatever she wanted. Jen wanted to surrender.

Now before getting into what happened any further, its important to understand a couple of things about Jen. Jen is fully aware of her very strong sexual appetite. She realized that she was different from others in this way a long, long time ago. So Jen's girlfriends simply can't understand how someone who has as much sex as she does is not into any kind of anal play at all. Jen's friends enjoy it and even Jen has done some anal with a couple of her past boy and girlfriends over the years but it just never did anything for her. She found that her pussy and clit provide her with just so much more pleasure that anal play was nothing more than just a waste of time to her. The way Jen saw it, just get to work on her nipples and pussy and get her cuming.
