 At first, I didn't want anybody to know what I was doing. I thought that if any one knew, I like the way it felt they would think I was a lesbian. I couldn't embarrass my family like that. The first time I let a girl touch me was when I was about 18 years old, it was with the girl across the street. The funniest thing about all this was that she was like the coolest girl in the neighborhood. We never hung out together, we weren't even friends or so I thought. I was thinking to myself why she would want to be with me. I was afraid that she would tell one person what we did together. Then the rumor would start. And no boys would want to go out with me. But later, as I got older I found out something. Any sexual act women are willing to do will turn a man on and most men love those kinds of women. 

At the tender age of 24 I found out what kind of woman I really was. The second time in my life I let a girl touch me was when I met Rochelle. Rochelle and I had been friends for a while now. We met each other at my new job I've been working at for about a year now. So that day Rochelle had invited me to her cousin wedding and we need to go do some last minute shopping. The wedding was schedule for the next day which was Saturday and Rochelle told me that she needs to get a few things to wear. That day we had been every where in the mall. But the last stop was somewhere I had never been. 

"We need to make one more stop before we go home," she said. 

"Where are we going?" I asked her.

Just when I said that she was pulling up in the park lot of and adult store. 

"What the hell? Why are we going in here?" 

"I need to go get my cousin her wedding present." 

"In here?" I asked. 

"Yeah what wrong with in here, damn girl you act as if you have never been in a place like this," she said as she got out of the car laughing. 

"Don't be embarrassed I love this store it has a lot of great things in here I am hooked." 

We walked in together I was very uncomfortable I didn't want any one to see me. Rochelle acted like we were at the grocery store shopping for some damn apples and shit like that. I went in looking around I saw stuff that I didn't even knew exist. I saw things that I didn't know people actually use. 

Rochelle was not seeing anybody serious at the time, even though she had been involved with this guy name Tony over a month. After having this encounter with Rochelle know I know why she would never get involved with anyone seriously. 

"Rochelle how long have you been coming to this place and what all do you like about this place?"

"Everything, you can buy all kinds of erotic things in here." 

Rochelle was walking around the store looking at all the erotic types of adult toys that they sold. 

"What about this?" she screamed out. She was holding up an eight-inch dildo. 

"What about it?" 

"What do you think I'm supposed to do with that?" I asked her. 

"Oh I see you have never done anything freaky like fucking another woman?" 

I looked at her with guilt who told her, how she knew. What made her think that I was into that kind of stuff anyway? 

"No I have not I didn't think you roll like that either." 

"Why you think I never keep a relationship? Most of the men I want to be serious with they don't like it, and the one's who are jerks they love it. So anytime I find one that against it I just let them know how it is. You want to try it?" she asked. 

She was looking at me like she wanted to jump me right there on the store floor. 

"Try what?" I asked her. 

"You want to know what it is like to fuck a girl." 

I was standing there thinking to myself if she only knew, I know what it like. 

"I am not sure about this," 

"So are you trying to tell me that you have never thought about it?" 

"I never thought about what?" 

"You never thought about being with a woman or if not that having a threesome?" 

I didn't know how long I can stand there in the store and acting dumb but the dumber I act the more she asked. I was speechless, didn't know what to say, but I knew if I didn't say something quick she would think that I was considering it. 

"Well...I can say that I haven't thought about it.Even if I do consider it who am I going to do it with?" 

"You can do it with me." 

"You," I screamed out to her." 

"Yeah me I am your best friend and at least since this is your first time, you won't be uncomfortable with a stranger." 

I was too embarrassed to admit that I was curious I was wondering what it would be like to fuck her. 

"Well can I think about it first I have never been with a woman before." I told her. 

I lie to her because I just didn't want her to know what I did 6 years ago. The next day was the wedding and Rochelle and I had a three hour drive and in the car there was mostly silence in the car. The radio was playing but that was the only noise. 

"Rochelle is there something wrong you are really quite today." 

"No everything is just fine, why you asked?" 

"Because I was worry that you was upset that I didn't give you an answer to what we were talking about yesterday." 

"Well I'm sorry maybe I should have not asked. 

I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." 

I was starting to feel maybe I should have just given into her. 

"Rochelle, could you pull the car over?" 

"What?" 

"Pull the car over please." 

Rochelle pulls the car over on the side of the road. 

"What is wrong are you getting car sick." 

"Rochelle I had been thinking about what you asked me. 

"You know how you wanted me to try being with a girl. Well I have been with a girl before about 6 years ago. And I 'm actually starting to feel attracted to you." 

Rochelle was so happy because before I knew it she was kissing me. 

"Wait" I said, 

"You want to do it here?" I asked her. "Maybe we should go somewhere else not here in the middle of nowhere. What if someone see us?" 

"I don't care if you don't." Rochelle said. "You have such a sexy body and I have always wanted you. Let me show you what it really feels like for a woman to love you the way a man loves you." 

I really started to get into it she was kissing me on my neck and making my panties wet. 

"Ooh, it feels so good Rochelle," 

I started to really get into the feeling. I couldn't believe what was happening I was in the middle of nowhere having sex with my best friend. She began to remove my clothes and caress my breast with her tongue. I was so excited she really knew what she was doing. She took her fingers and ran them across my wet pussy. She knew then I was ready for her tongue to lick up all of my wetness. It seemed like she was anxious to get there anyway so I help her get there. I parted my legs and allowed her to do what she does best. It was about ten year since I experience such pleasure. She took her tongue and did what no man can do. She was eating my pussy like she had not eaten for days. For a moment there I felt like when she was done licking it there was not going to be anything left. After making me climax over and over until the seat of the car was soak. She allowed me to lick her lip so that I could taste myself. I had never tasted my own cum before but I loved every drop of it. The day started out normal but I knew by the end of the day it was going to be unforgettable. After she had her midday snack it was time to get back on the road. We arrived at her cousin house about two hour before the wedding. It was so beautiful the house was huge. There was flowers every where. Rochelle's aunt showed us to our room. It was huge it had a king size bed and it had a bathroom. 

"This room is huge it looks like a hotel suite. I guess I will go into the bathroom now because I want to take a shower." I told her. 

I went into the bathroom and turn on the shower and let the water run so it can warm up. I remove my clothes and step into the shower I guess I was really tried from the ride to her aunt's house. The warm water was a comfort for me. The water was running down me felt like two hands massaging my body all over. 

A few minutes later I heard Rochelle voice in my head whispering to me: 

"You are so beautiful your body is so soft and I love putting my hands on your body." 

I open my eyes to see Rochelle standing behind me in the shower with her bare body press up against my. My pussy immediately became wet again and it was as wet as it was in the shower. She begins to caress my tits and squeeze my hard ass nipple it really made me feel excited. She took her tongue and made circular motion around the tip on my nipple and every time sucking them one by one.

Then she bends down and parted my legs and let the water run down my open clit. She began to lick it and flicking my pussy with her tongue. We turn the water off and took the action in the shower into the bedroom. I laid her on the bed and got on the bed next to her. 

"You are so beautiful too," I said to Rochelle. 

"Shh, don't talk," she said to me." 

"Let just make love to each other." 

I began to massage her breast, 

"Mmmmmm, 

I knew she was enjoying this because I could hear little moan and cries. As I suck on her breast I took my hand and place it on her pussy and took my fingers and enter her pool. I felt how wet she was and she wanted me so bad I moved my two fingers in and out of her pussy. 

"Lick it for me please," she begs for me to do her. 

I moved down between her legs and I dove right into it licking and sucking her hard. I continued to do it to her with my tongue until we heard her aunt come to the door 

"Girls you have about a half hour before the wedding start. So let go, the wedding guest are starting to arrive," her aunt screamed through the door."

I looked up at her and we both laugh. 

"We better get dress now," I told her.

"Okay we can continue this later and there is one more thing that I want to introduce you too." 

I didn't understand what she meant but I didn't care the sooner the wedding was over the sooner I could get back to tasting her. The wedding was about to start and Rochelle and I was running to get our seat. When we arrived and sat down I was looking around there was a lot of people there. The music started and first the flower girls came out then the brides maid came out and I couldn't believe my eyes. There were two brides walking down the aisle. What the hell I thought to myself, 

"Why didn't you tell me that this was a lesbian wedding," I whisper to her she just looked at me and smile. 

I had never been to a gay wedding. The ceremony was short and sweet. When it was over, I was hoping that we could eat dance and get all things you do at a wedding over with. So that we could drive home and get into each other again. But I was more then surprise for what was next to come. Rochelle introduces me to her cousin Tonya and they introduce me to her wife Lisa. 

"This is the one I was telling you about." Rochelle said to Tonya.

I was standing there listening like she was trying to sell me, what was up. 

"I think you'll love her and she is good at what she do." 

"What is her name?" Tonya asked. My name is Nicole Jackson." I said as I reach out my hand to shake. 

"Well just meet us in about an hour in my room and we will see," Tonya said to Rochelle 

"Okay we'll be there." 

They walked away and Rochelle looked at me and smiles again. 

"What the hell was that all about?" I asked her. We walked over and sat down at the table that we were assigned too. 

"What was all that talk about I think you'll love her I felt like you were selling me like a piece of meat." 

"I told you that I wanted to introduce someone new to you." 

You were discussing something with your cousin what the hell is going on you need to tell me or else I'm leaving." 

"Okay I'll tell you, my cousin wanted to get her new bride a wedding present. So she asked me if I knew any one who would be willing to be with her and her new bride. I told her that I will find her someone if I could do her sexy bride."

I looked at her like she was out of her mind. 

"Damn girl you are a total freak. Wait a minute wait a fucking minute you are talking about me aren't you. I'm the one you found hell naw I won't do it why the hell you didn't asked me first?" 

I just took a chance and hope you say yes. I didn't know if you would or would not. But here we are so will you please come and be with my cousin." 

"So you just going to trade me like that, I thought we were friends." 

"We are friends that why I wanted you to do this for me." 

"But why like this." Because I wanted to introduce this type of life to you I knew you were hiding it, you just needed to have someone bring it out of you. Come on don't think about just do it." 

She started kissing me on my neck I like it when she does that it makes me wet in my panties. 

"Not here," I told her then I push her away in hope that no one seen us. 

"So will you do it this one time and if you begin to feel uncomfortable then we will just leave." 

"Okay I will this time but this time only.

She seemed really excited about this I was just wondering if she wanted me to do it for her or just do it so she can do who ever she want. I couldn't believe I was feeling jealous, was I beginning to have feeling for her or what. Maybe all that time I wanted her and I realized that I didn't want her with anyone else. The wedding was coming to a close and people were starting to leave. Tonya and Lisa had already left the party and they were in there rooms waiting on us to arrive I couldn't believe what I was about to do. When we arrived to there room Rochelle knock on the door. 

"Come in the door is open," Tonya said. 

Rochelle opens the door and we walked in. When we walked in, the room was dark and the lights were dim there were candles lit everywhere and Lisa was laying across the bed with a blanket of rose petals over her. 

"Come on in and close the door. So what your pleasure would you ladies like some wine." 

"No thank you," I said. 

"I had way more then enough down stair." 

Rochelle was blasted from all the drinking she was doing and she still was drinking she took another glass. Before I knew it she had down that glass and was removing her clothes. She was looking at Lisa like a dog look at raw meat. Rochelle was about to climb into bed with her. 

"No, not you," she said to Rochelle.

"I want her first pointing to me then you will get your chance."

I started to remove my close I kept thinking to myself I 'm doing this for her. 

I place myself on the bed next to her she had the most beautiful body I had every seen. Well it was the second most beautiful body. I smiled and then I place my lips on hers and gave her a deep and hard kiss. She was so soft and she had such smooth skin and she smells good too. I started to caress her breast squeezing her nipples. I would suck her soft nipples until they were stiff and hard. I lick her body from top to bottom she tasted so sweet. She whisper 

"Lick me."and when she said that I knew exactly what she wanted. So I crawl down between her legs. Tonya was sitting on the other side of the room watching us I couldn't believe how she was watching some other woman making love to her wife. She was using the dildo that Rochelle had given them for a wedding gift. 

"Come on lick it dry," she said over and over again. That when, I dove into her wet pussy and gave her a good ass tongue licking. As I was licking her pussy I could feel someone playing with my pussy they were fingering my wet click. Then all of sudden I can feel the pressure of something stiff and hard entering me it was Tonya using the dildo on me and it was starting to feel good. The better it felt for me the wetter Lisa got until she came on my face. After that Rochelle joins us on the bed and it was freakiness everywhere. We took turns using the dildos on each other and there was pussy eating everywhere. We made love the entire night and we were exhausted the next morning. After that night, I can remember feeling really good about my love life. I had the pleasure of enjoying sex in a whole new way, together with all of my lovers. So that how I found out what kind of woman I was a freaky one. 

THE END