 Thank you for the vote of confidence in me and especially to jenorma2012, I truly appreciate your comments and this chapter will be a bit longer.

Guys it will be going in series wise so the actual something happening between two characters will take time. 

Appreciate more comments from you all. Thank-you.

*****

Chapter 3.

Lying in bed, my thoughts were going in circles. Not coming to any conclusions, I wondered what was wrong with Marta. After that fateful evening at her place, she had been avoiding me and any approach regarding from my end. No answer to phone calls, messages and in person just formal talks to make it seem like everything is normal. Weird isn't it?

This went along for more than 2 weeks and our 6th semester was approaching and a very important one as our internship for the end of the year was totally depending on these grades. I badly needed someone to help me with the assignments and Marta not being a good opportunity to rely on. 

After hunting for a week or so, I got one of the geeks Bert to help me with the assignments. But not as good as Marta was once. I somehow managed to get on with this semester hoping to score above average to get a good placement. 7th semester started and my grades were above average in most of them. I was delighted to get these grades without much of help. After Marta, I never made anyone work wholly on my assignments not trusting anyone.

7th semester was coming to an end and Marta and I were just acquaintance now. Few closed ones got the hint that something was fishy in between us but nobody dared to speak openly about it. Quite a lot of rumours were spread regarding my sexuality etc. but it did not bother me much. After my 8th semester, Marta was not at all in touch and had disappeared after college getting over. I heard some rumors regarding Marta getting job opportunity overseas. I was neither sad nor happy. Felt good thinking she was doing something meaningful with her life.

I thought of confronting her multiple times but my ego was way important to me rather than her presence being in my life. I ended up getting placed in of the mid-scale retail industry as graphic designer and after my internship I started my job there itself. 

It's been 4 years now, thinking back the wonderful 3 months spent with Marta calling it as friendship or relationship I do not know. Spending most of time hanging out with her, having lunch together, watching movies, studying together, playing stupid video games. I had never spent so much time together with a female not being sexually involved in first place. Definitely I had my own motives but somehow I had started seeing her as a sweet soul. Probably she had feelings for me or she had come to know my motives, or felt ashamed being touched by a girl though it did not seem like that, or getting these feeling for another girl and especially selling herself short all the time. I did not know what reason had bothered her that she stopped our communication altogether. I had thought about all the conclusions, outcomes but got tired soon as there was no point dwelling myself with unfinished ending of the story.

Though all these years after, Marta did pop in my mind at times but rarely not like before. Eventually her memories started fading and new things came in my life to interest me.

I worked in that retail company for 3 years and finally got an opportunity as senior graphic designer in one big shot Company situated in metro city. I shifted my base from my small neighborhood to a new city engaging and adjusting myself in metro city's fast paced life. After college I met many interesting women but all were short affairs none leading to long term neither I was interested in getting hitched so early.

I was in middle of my golden years, enjoying my independence, career growth, new city, new faces, new pussies and no string attached relationships. As the time went by, my bitchiness gradually slowed down and maturity filled in. Mostly my weekends were spent in gay bars, bar hopping meeting new chicks but after few months I was adamant spending time with close friends or with friends with benefits. 

At 25 years of age, I had become more practical and had a realistic approach towards life. Soon shifting to new place became monotonous and loneliness seeped in. I had always enjoyed short term happiness never thinking of what I might miss in future the most. The longing for someone was nearly making me crazy but I had to slow my pace down as to not get tricked into meaningless relation thinking of it as a true one.

When I see myself back to what I was and what I am, I realized my biggest fear was to get hurt by one I truly love so I tried to always save my vulnerable heart by having nameless fucks!

*****

It was 27th June 2017, I reached my workplace always late by 15 minutes. My time punctuality was always hampered by traffic or getting up late so no excuse. My boss had also come to terms with my punctuality issues. 

I entered my small cabin but with a large French window situated behind my desk to give me natural sunlight and aura of freshness. I had a habit of keeping fresh flowers on my desk vase every morning to enhance the charm of the room. I saw one closed envelope kept on my desk. I checked envelop upside down. Quite fancy! I opened and saw invitation to seminar "Annual Technova E commerce Solutions" it was a seminar regarding new developments in e commerce business. My boss called me in his cabin.

"Good Morning! Chelsea, please sit. How are you doing this morning? Aaron said.

"I am fine. Thank you sir."

Did you receive the insights of the new project from Sarah? And please do make changes in clients invoice as per new tabs added in the website and they wanted some colours to be changed as per their company's logo for that please speak to Joan, she has a detailed description." He said.

"Yes sir, I spoke to Sarah yesterday evening and I will speak to Joan as she gets free from her daily work"

"Ok, thank you Chelsea, and please keep the ongoing projects as high priority for now as for the new one we still have 2 weeks to discuss in depth."

"Ok sure sir."

I got up to leave but he interrupted "By the way Chelsea, did you see the envelope on your desk? I kept there this morning. I need you to go to that seminar and make new contacts as Sarah will accompany you with her marketing skills. But I need you to focus on new solutions and software making companies. Your flight tickets are with Sarah"

"Ok, sure sir thank you."

I got an opportunity to fly to London for this seminar with Sarah for 3 days as this seminar will be held for 2 days straight for few hours and then dinner. Everything my company was bearing least my boss can do for the business we will be bringing for next year.

I was quite excited as I had never been to London. But what can I say, I shifted to Seattle few months back but still didn't get much of an opportunity to explore the city apart from few famous regular pubs.

*****

Sarah and I left for London on Thursday night as our flight timing was due for midnight. Flight journey was quite boring as Sarah was dozing off on my left shoulder and I had a difficult time to sleep in flight. My first coherent thought was to sleep straight for few hours when reaching hotel room as seminar was not going to start before 3 pm. Sarah and I were sharing a room with queen size bed and she informed me that she will have a walk to nearby places as she was not so tired and did not wanted to waste time by sleeping and not enjoying the feel of new city. I was least interested as I could only see bed and pillow when we reached our room.

Sarah was quite a beauty to lay my eyes on. Figure like a model, Blondie, green eyes and sweet smile. That quite reminded me of Marta at times. The similarities between them apart from Sarah not wearing any glasses. I had quite a lot of fantasies doing Sarah at different places with numerous different situations but I could not put my thought process into solid action as I had heard she was in serious relationship and she used to always keep a safe distance with everyone at work place. All respected this attitude of hers including me. 

First day at seminar was good but bit boring because of constant lectures on required topics. I was feeling lethargic and sleepy during the seminar and wanted to sleep again after finishing dinner. We reached our room and Sarah was sharing with me her exploration today in the city but I was too tired to show the enthusiasm she was expecting so I went straight to washroom to freshen up and change and listening to her while she was busy changing in room. I have a habit of sleeping nude at night but tonight I was wearing a modest flimsy gown to bed. 

"Sarah, I am sorry to disappoint you but I am bit tired today and want to sleep early. We can go for breakfast and for some sight-seeing in morning, the places you have searched on Google."

"Ok Chels, I will leave you tonight for no involvement of your for tomorrow but you will decide where to go day after tomorrow."

"Done Sarah, Goodnight."

"Goodnight and sweet dreams." She went to sleep by hugging me from behind. I liked the feel of her hugging me, missed the human touch but surprised to share this intimacy with Sarah. 

In state of half-sleep half dreaming, I was dreaming about sucking engorged clit of Sarah and seeing her giving herself in throes of passion. My hand automatically went inside my panties and I started masturbating in my half induced sleep. A moan escaped from my lips as another pair of fingers intrude my hole, moving in & out in & out matching the pace of my fingers rubbing my clit, making me go towards brink of a huge orgasm. Imbibing me towards utmost pleasure. 

"Please harder"

"More...please"

I cried in ecstasy as I came. Fingers stopping altogether. I was too tired to open my eyes and look for the person who gave me the pleasure.

After few minutes my eyes opened and I looked at Sarah but was surprised to see her asleep that too sound sleep. So, what just happened? Was I imagining this stuff? Or was it for real?

Now this seems really weird. Considering two and two when I bought my hands and smelled I came to know it was me who was fidgeting with myself nobody else. Wow! Quite a real dream! Was my last coherent thought before going back to sleep again.

I was situated opposite Sarah in a dingy cafe but famous for its food.

"So Chels did you sleep well?" She asked.

"Yes Sarah, I hope our next stop is more intriguing rather than some finger licking food?"

"Ha! Don't criticize for something you are not fond of. And yes I had given you a chance yesterday night which you declined for you precious sleep, Sleeping Beauty!" She said.

"Fine but can you acknowledge me with the next stop please?"

"Yes Mi. Lady, We are going to City's architectural museum, for the art lovers which you are I hope." She said.

"Yes, thank you for taking my interests into consideration. Bitch!"

"Ha ha, I like to tease you, you know right?"

"Yes I know, at times you get on my nerves" I said

"Yes, which is my favorite hobby to be precise. BTW can I ask you something?" She asked

"Yes tell me"

"Please don't take me in wrong way as I do not want to embarrass you."

"You did already." I said 

"I mean...I just.. hey you!" She saw the smirk forming on my lips.

"You got me this time, you better brace yourself for next time" she said with a smile.

"You better ask me now before getting carried away with our stupid banters" I said. I used to always enjoy this kind of light banters with her.

"Okay, it's just that, oh god how should I say. Okay ummm.. I saw you getting off last night and it was really hot to see you pleasuring yourself and please don't be embarrassed, it is all natural" She said averting her eyes for a moment.

I saw the tinkle and the sadness in her eyes altogether. Trying to speak more through her eyes but unable to comprehend any thought. I was quite surprised by her confession not knowing what to say which will not make this thing as colleagues between us more uncomfortable. I wondered what was going in her mind by expressing herself to me. What was she expecting from this? Did she wanted to get physically involved with me or what was it?

*****

Thank you guys for reading the 3rd chapter.

More to come. Stay tuned.

Xoxo.

Chels.