 Rachel slammed the door behind her as she stomped her way down the walk, towards her car. This was the last straw; she didn't have to put up with his bullshit any more. Where did he get off telling her whom she could and couldn't see? He was just possessive, controlling, whining, jackass. Yes, she thought to herself. A jackass was exactly what he was.

"Fine, then!" he screamed out the window. "Leave! But I'm not coming after you!" He slammed the shutters and she could hear him screaming to her things inside his house. 

Who cared if he wasn't going to follow her? That wasn't the point this time…she was REALLY leaving. For good! 

The car door screamed in protest as Rachel yanked it open, hinges nearly coming apart. She plopped down in to her seat and slammed the door, and then…and then she just sat there. Rachel stared at her lap, furiously, listening intently to see if Quentin was coming out after her. 

Nothing.

Not a sound came from outside the door except a couple of cars driving by.

Well who cared? She certainly didn't, she was leaving this time. For good! She glanced back up at the house, but no one was running outside to stop her from driving away. Slowly, she pulled the car keys from her pocket and placed them in the ignition. The car started with a sickening growl, seeming to be hollering something about needing a muffler. Rachel popped it in to reverse and with a gut wrenching lurch began to back out of the driveway.

She paused at the street, looking both ways, and then back to the house and both ways again before one last glance up the walkway. Rachel sighed and pulled on to the street, driving in a sort of dazed state that probably would have gotten her pulled over if any police cars had been patrolling. She didn't even realize where she was headed until she pulled in to the parking lot of the apartment building.

Jasmine would know what Rachel should do. Jasmine was a regular fountain of good advice, especially since she had known Rachel for so long. Rachel jerked the car to a halt and got out, slamming the door without bothering to lock it. Nothing in there was more valuable than the cost of a new window, let anyone rummage around in it that wanted to. 

Rachel walked slowly up the steps to Jasmine's apartment. She'd no doubt be given the "I told you so" lecture yet again by her friend. It seemed like every single time Rachel hooked up with a new guy, Jasmine sat her down and warned Rachel about all the things that were going to go wrong. And somehow, she was always right! He would either be a gambler, or a druggie, or an alcoholic…sometimes they were crooks, sometimes they were actually gay, but Jasmine always saw them for who they were in the first.

"He's not gonna be good to you, sweetie," Jasmine had said about Quentin. "Look at those beady eyes, lookin' at you from across the room. He doesn't want any other guy to be talkin' to you. He thinks you're his property, and he's never gonna give you any freedom."

Rachel had protested, of course. She always did. Her guy was always going to be "The Guy." The Guy to sweep her off her feet, The Guy to take her away from her working class life, The Guy that she was going to live happily ever after with for ever and ever.

Maybe Jasmine was a little bit biased, though. She had come out while the two girls were in High School. Rachel had been shocked, but it hadn't bothered her at all like it had bothered some of their other friends. Jas was the same old Jas, who cared if she wanted to be with girls instead of boys? Everyone was free to make his or her own decisions. 

Quentin had argued with Rachel many times about Jasmine, however. 

"That fucking dyke just wants to get in to bed with you," he had shouted. "You go over to her house and she thinks that it's cause you think she's hot! She doesn't like me and just wants to take you away for herself!"

Rachel had argued again and again that that was not true. Jasmine was her best friend, gay or not gay, what right did anyone have to tell Rachel that the two of them were anything less? But sometimes, out of the corner of her eye, Rachel spotted Jasmine looking at her a little bit…oddly. A little bit of a glimmer in her eyes as she looked at Rachel's body. But whenever Rachel looked over in Jasmine's direction, Jas always looked away quickly.

It was unimportant if Jasmine was attracted to Rachel, it didn't hurt their friendship at all. 

Head hanging low, she knocked three times on the thick door in front of her. In very little time, Jasmine answered.

Jasmine seemed to fill the doorway, even with her tiny frame. She was petite, short, with smallish breasts and thin arms, which were now crossed over her chest. Her hips were the biggest thing about her, adding the only real shape to her otherwise straight and narrow body. Her hair was cut short, not more than three inches long and stuck out in all directions, wild, untamable and blue at the moment. It matched the bright blue glass in her spectacles that she insisted on wearing at all times perched on her sharp nose. 

Rachel looked at her friend, tears still running down her red cheeks. Her eyes were puffy and sore, her nose stuffed. She took a deep sniffing breath through her nose and shrugged, as if admitting defeat. Jasmine unfolded her arms and put one around Rachel.

"I told you so," Jasmine said.

"Can you please not start right now?" asked Rachel imploringly.

"Alright," said Jasmine, "But I saw this comin', you know. I knew he wasn't gonna be right for you, none of the guys are gonna be right for you. Just come in and wash your face, then we'll talk some, alright?"

Rachel nodded and pushed some dark hair away from her face. She allowed Jasmine to lead her in to the bathroom and set her down on the toilet seat. 

Jasmine turned on the sink and grabbed a towel from the bar beside the mirror. She ran the towel under the flow, and knelt down in front of her friend.

"Let's have a look at you, huh?" she said softly, dabbing at Rachel's face tenderly with the towel.

"I dunno how it happens, Jas," she sniffed as Jasmine gently bathed her tear-stained face. "One moment it's just so perfect…SO perfect…then the next second we're screaming at each other for reasons I don't even remember. One argument after another, he threatens to leave me, I threaten to leave him…we threaten to do this and that to hurt the other…and then moments later, we're just," she lifted her head to the ceiling, taking a deep breath and shrugging her shoulders again. "The next moment it's like we want to pretend that none of it ever happened. A few awkward apologies during which neither of us really says we're sorry, then sex, then sleep. And then it's the same thing the next day. I have had enough! I just can't live life like that, not knowing what kind of boyfriend I'm going to be facing when I get up…maybe he's just too…like me."

Jasmine nodded in agreement, kneeling up and embracing her friend. 

"I know, sweetie, I know. It'll work out one of these days, I promise. You'll find the right person, be able to settle down…no more of this emotional bullshit you love so much." Jasmine smiled in to Rachel's face. "Now how about some popcorn, huh? Popcorn and a Mel Gibson flick. Want to see him go 'Mad Max' on some poor bastard's ass?"

Rachel smiled at that.

"I'd love to. Do you have 'Payback?'"

"Does a bear shit in the woods? Come on, let's watch it."

They walked arm in arm to the small living room, where Rachel plopped down in front of the movie shelf to begin searching for the video. Jasmine went to the kitchen to start the popcorn, and once it was done they sat side by side on the fluffy old couch to watch Mel Gibson kick ass.

About halfway through the movie Rachel started to feel depressed about Quentin again. She'd almost forgotten her problems by concentrating on Mel's sexy butt, but now it was back full blast. She scooted next to Jasmine until they were touching, and rested her head down on Jasmine's shoulder. Jasmine looked at her friend, smiled, and looked back at the show. Rachel relaxed, scooting a little bit closer, appreciative of the warm body and comfort that Jasmine was providing. Jasmine's hand slowly moved on to Rachel's leg, and squeezed it reassuringly. They watched the rest of the movie together in silence, occasionally squeezing the other's leg.

The video came to its conclusion, and Jasmine moved to get up, nudging Rachel a little bit to warn her that the shoulder was about to move. Rachel stretched her arms above her head, arching her body like the spine of a cat when it wakes up from a short nap. 

"What're you gonna do now, Rachel?" asked Jasmine, facing the television away from the other girl.

Rachel hung her head again. 

"I dunno, Jas. I can't go back, I think that it's really over between him and me. I…" she broke off as the tears began again. "I don't know what to do, I guess I'll just go to my moms place for the night and figure it out tomorrow."

Jasmine sighed; she knew that Rachel hated her mom. 

"No, sweetie, you need to stay with me, okay? You can sleep on the couch and we'll get you figured out together in the morning." Jasmine stroked Rachel's arm, running her fingers up and down reassuringly. 

Rachel smiled up at Jasmine. Her eyes were still red, and Jasmine felt a twinge of anger that Quentin had done this to Rachel. Rachel didn't deserve this much pain.

"Thanks, Jas. For everything," she put her arms around Jasmine in a grateful embrace, hugging her tight. Rachel pressed her cheek against Jasmine's and sighed in to her ear. "You're such a great friend. I don't know what I would do without you."

"Drive off a cliff no doubt," Jasmine teased. "Come on, let's get you set up."
Rachel groaned. 

"Your couch sucks ass, Jasmine. Every time I sleep on it my back goes into spasms. Can I sleep in your bed with you?" Rachel saw Jasmine's eyes light up. "No funny business, though," Rachel added.

"Of course, and of course not. My bed is big enough for the two of us…" Jasmine looked over at the doorway to her room.

Rachel coveted that bed, it really was huge. It was a king sized mattress that Jasmine had put directly on to the floor in the corner of the room. She had nailed a thin netting to the ceiling, sort of like a mosquito net used in hotter countries, which draped over the mattress and pooled at the floor. The bed was covered in pillows and blankets in chaotic places…it had probably never been "made," but looked inviting nonetheless. It was a lot like the forts that Rachel and Jasmine had built together when they were young children.

Rachel went in to the dimly lit bedroom as Jasmine shut off lights and electrical appliances in the apartment. Rachel lifted the netting and lay down on the bed, folding her arms behind her head and staring at the ceiling. She heard the door shut creak open as Jasmine joined her inside.

"Want to borrow some PJ's?" Jasmine asked her.

"Sure," said Rachel, pulling herself off the soft bed and walking over to where Jasmine stood next to the dresser, digging through drawers.

"Here, these will probably fit you," she held out a pair of night shorts and a matching shirt. Rachel took the bundle and went in to the adjoining bathroom to change.

The shirt was too small, bought to fit Jasmine's tiny frame. Rachel's breasts pushed at the fabric, the button up shirt opening in a number of small holes down the front. Rachel tried in vain to keep it shut but gave up after a couple of tugs and frustrated sighs. The shorts fit fine, but were not very long. They only covered her ass, not much more, but Rachel thought that they'd probably be good to sleep in. She went back in to the bedroom, where Jasmine had changed for bed in a chaste black nightgown. It had a scoop neck and sleeveless arms, but reached Jasmine's ankles. The fabric looked like some sort of satin imitation, and shimmered in the dim light.

Jasmine lifted the netting up and held it while Rachel slipped on to the bed. Jasmine flipped off the lamp next to the bed and jumped under the netting landing on a pile of pillows and blankets. 

"Well, go ahead and bundle up. I'll see you in the morning," Jasmine said, wrapping herself in one of the comforters.

Rachel grabbed a big pillow and started pounding it with her fist, molding it to the shape she preferred best, flat, and plopped down on top of it. She grabbed one of the softer blankets and pulled it on top of her body, turning towards the wall and shutting her eyes.

Sleep seemed to come easily for Jasmine; the sounds of her soft breathing soon filled the air. Rachel envied the other girl, for she herself was having a hard time settling down. 

Rachel tossed to one side, then to another. She pounded her pillow again, discarded it, and beat at another one. No good. Was she too hot? Rachel kicked off the blanket. No, it was too cold. A new blanket was soon covering her again.

Finally after what seemed like hours she dozed, dreams taking over her mind and body. In her dreams, Quentin was saying how much he hated her, and that he never wanted to see you again.

"If I catch you near the house ever again I'll kill you, you understand, bitch?" the fantasy Quentin yelled. 

"You're worthless! No wonder your parents hate you!" 

Visions of Rachel's mother and father started to float around in her dream, shaking their heads at her in disappointment.

"No wonder you can't find a job! Everyone rejects you because you're useless."

On the bed, sleeping, Rachel's body began to whimper. It reached out for something to hold on to, something reassuring to make it feel noticed. Her hands felt Jasmine's warm form and groped around, trying to find their way under Jasmine's blanket.

Waking slightly, Rachel only knew that she wanted comfort, that she wanted another body near her. Her dreams still shouted at her, pounding in to her brain. Rachel scooted close to Jasmine, snuggling next to her smaller form and burying her head in Jasmine's neck.

Jasmine woke, turning over to Rachel. Jasmine understood Rachel's distress, and wrapped her arms around the other girl. Jasmine held Rachel tight, and the two girls fell asleep in each other's arms.

The dark room housed them comfortably while they slept on the bed, the netting swaying in the breeze from their deep breaths. Rachel snored softly, shifting every so often closer to Jasmine, until the two bodies were entwined. Their arms held each other tightly, almost desperately.

Rachel's dream cut off, trailing in to a new one in which she and Quentin were making up. He was massaging her body with oils, whispering love words in to her ear and kissing her neck. 

Jasmine woke first, slowly. She felt very content, her nights sleep had been very resting. The dreams she had had were erotic in nature, dealing with a couple of girls she had known from the past. When she was almost fully awake, she was surprised to find herself hot between her legs.

Directly in front of Jasmine's face was Rachel's neck. Jasmine could see the throbbing of Rachel's pulse on the throat. Jasmine untangled one of her arms and traced the other girl's neck with her long fingers, climbing upwards, tickling the chin softly, and continuing up the pretty face.

Rachel's eyes fluttered open, and caught Jasmine's gaze. Rachel's lips curled in to a smile and her lids shut again, a soft sigh escaping her as Jasmine's fingers continued to trace the features of Rachel's face. 

They ran over her lips, the pad of her index finger caressing the lips lightly. Rachel opened them slightly and kissed the finger as it hesitated at the center of her hot mouth. The fingers walked across Rachel's cheek, smoothed down the eyebrow, and moved up to the smooth forehead where the hand began to pet back the hair there.

Rachel hugged Jasmine closer to her, and lightly kissed her on the cheek. She was enjoying the caresses, still lost in the dream where Quentin was undressing her slowly.

Jasmine moved her lips to Rachel's, and rested them there experimentally. Rachel's mouth opened and her tongue shot out, licking the lips in front of Rachel. Jasmine groaned and kissed Rachel hard on the lips, her own tongue probing at Rachel's mouth, which accepted it and caressed it with it's own tongue. 

Rachel ran her tongue over the edge of Jasmine's teeth, feeling their smooth sharpness. She felt the backs of the teeth, and rubbed against the roof of Jasmine's mouth. 

Jasmine's hand moved from Rachel's face, sliding down Rachel's side to her shorts, which she tugged away from Rachel's hips. Jasmine's hand pushed in to the shorts, feeling by heat for the place between Rachel's legs. Rachel squirmed and kissed harder, reaching her own hands down for Jasmine's hips.

Between Rachel's legs, Jasmine's hand felt for Rachel's slit, and found the beginnings of juices there, which she smeared on to her fingers. Using the slickness, she slipped her fingers up and down the slit, from the opening there to the hard clitoris, which was peeping out of its tiny hood.

Rachel moved her hips in a sexual rhythm, gyrating as Jasmine's finger continued to tease her. The finger didn't stay to massage the clit, or to penetrate the pussy, but just kept slipping up and down teasing the sensitive region.

"Ooooooo…." whimpered Rachel, arching her back, pushing her hips towards Jasmine's hips.

Jasmine unbuttoned the top button from Rachel's shirt, then the second. Rachel's breasts bulged against the fabric, seeming to beg Jasmine to release them. Jasmine bent her head over then and kissed the soft tops. She could barely make out the beginning of the areole, but could see the hard nipples straining against the cloth. She flicked one with her finger, chuckling at the moans it caused from Rachel.

Pushing herself up on one elbow, careful to keep the stimulation going in Rachel's pussy, Jasmine slowly moved Rachel on to her back. 

Rachel's head strained back against the pillow, her face twisted with her moans of pleasure. Jasmine undid the last three buttons of Rachel's shirt, exposing them to Jasmine for the first time.

They were small globes, a perfect creamy tan color, with dark, large nipples that stood erect from their tips. They quivered as Rachel gyrated, each movement from her causing them to ripple and bounce from one direction to another. Jasmine lowered her mouth to one, snatching the nipple in her mouth.

Jasmine sucked at the nipple, nibbling softly at its base. She smiled at Rachel's reaction, which was to whimper and moan even more loudly than before. Jasmine's lips caressed the nipple, rubbing, pulling it away from Rachel's chest teasingly. 

Rachel's hands grabbed at the blankets, grasping them as she squeezed. Her whole body was tensing and relaxing, clenching muscles and then releasing them. She wanted to be penetrated, she wanted something big and hard and warm inside her, filling her up. She thrust her hips up, using Jasmine's finger as a tool to stimulate her body more. 

Juices were flowing freely now, soaking Jasmine's hand. She started sliding two fingers up and down Rachel's slit instead of just one, watching the other girls face twist in pleasure and agony from being denied more. 

Jasmine squeezed one of Rachel's breasts with her free hand, and began licking her way down Rachel's body, over her belly. When she reached the naval, she planted a kiss there, licking at the belly button with her tongue. She nibbled there a tiny bit, just for a moment, before moving her face down to Rachel's pussy.

The fingers left their track, stopping their teasing strokes. The index finger went to the gasping hole between Rachel's legs and slid it in to the first knuckle. 

Rachel bucked her hips, wanting more to be pushed in, but the finger remained just at the entrance, probing around the opening, flicking the skin inside with the tip of Jasmine's nail.
