 I'm in very good shape for a 50 year old woman. I know that I look 10 years younger. My breasts are a firm 34B with no sag, my tummy is flat and my vagina is still pretty tight after 2 kids and 2 episiotomies. My husband, Tommy, and I have a great sex life and I never look for anything else (although I have had two sex encounters over the years that he didn't know about.) Anyway, for the last ten years, my oldest friend Anna has wanted me to join her on a trip somewhere. This year I decided, "Why not" and we made plans to travel to France together for a ten-day jaunt through Paris and the Wine Country. I've never been apart from my husband for that length of time in the 25 years we are married.

The two days before I left were filled with sex. My husband and I could not get enough of each other. Still, when Anna and I flew off, I knew I would miss him.

The first few days of our trip were wonderful bopping around Paris. The hotel room we shared was well appointed and in a beautiful part of town. On the third night of our trip, I noticed Anna watching me as I toweled off from my shower.

"What are you looking at?" I asked her.

"I can't believe how good your body is...your skin is perfect, I don't see any stretch marks and your belly is so flat."

"Oh, I know every one!" I said as I moved closer and showed her the side of my breast with it's telling stretch marks. "And, as for my belly, well..." I pulled a tube of fat. "It's not that tight." Anna's eyes were inches from my belly and I could see her staring at trimmed bush.

In all the years, we had known each other, it was always friendship with nothing sexual. Although I have several lesbian friends, and I'm a little curious, I've never been interested in woman sex. Anna has never been married. I've always thought of her as all business and asexual. So her inspection of my body seemed innocent enough as I walked back to the vanity to continue my boudoir. Anna stripped down and hurried into the shower next to me. As she washed, I took a longer look at her through the mirror's reflection. Her breasts were smaller than mine and her nipples were little pink buds. She was firm also, enough so that she didn't need to wear a bra. Her ass was very small and flat and her hips were narrow. Her crotch was sparsely covered with little blond hairs around a long and narrow slit. She was in very good physical shape as she works out regularly. As I observed her, I felt my pussy start to tingle. Surprised, I finished up and left the bathroom to dress for dinner. That night, as I lay in bed, I wondered if Anna's pussy tingled too as she looked at me. I fell asleep dreaming of my husband going down on me.

The next day was spent shopping and touring until mid afternoon when we caught a train for the Bordeaux region. We checked into a beautiful little guest house. Our bedroom was filled with antiques and the king-sized bed was covered with pretty pillows. The bathroom was small and intimate with a very large, deep, footed bathtub. "That's just what I need.", I said as we began to strip off our sweaty clothes. I began to fill the tub with warm water and lots of bubbles. Naked, I slipped into the tub. Anna sat down on the bidet and began to splash her crotch. I watched her as we chatted about the next day's itinerary. I watched as she spread her vaginal lips and cleaned herself. Her clit was very large and prominent. One hand slipped into my pussy and I began to feel my clit. Anna caught me staring and, like me a couple of days before, said,

"What are looking at?" in the same tone of voice. I stuttered for a moment and said, "I couldn't help but notice how large your clit is. Mine is so little in comparison. Anna stood in front of me, her legs spread as she pulled her lips apart. Her pussy could not have been more than a few inches from my face. I caught a whiff of her scent and it excited me. My hand was still under the bubbles but now I was diddling myself.

Anna pulled her lips apart and stroked her clit so it popped out like a small erect cock. "Wow, that's some trick." Anna laughed and suddenly stepped into the tub sliding down on the opposite side. Our legs intertwined in the water as I pulled my hand out. "I once had a lover who just loved to suck on my clitty," she said as she closed her eyes in reverie. "She could suck it for hours and it was divine."

"She!," I burst out. Anna just smiled and said, "I've had a few affairs in my life, with men and with women. You know, I don't get laid to regular and sometimes I'm just so horny." Her voice was quiet and maybe a little sad. I told her that I never had sex with a woman and I wondered what it was like. She told me that some of her best sexual experiences were with women, that women seemed to take more care in their lovemaking. Suddenly, she turned around and asked me to wash her back for her. She was positioned between my legs and my breasts touched her back. My nipples became extremely hard as I began to wash and rub her back. "Oooh," she giggled, "your nipples feel so nice. I think you're enjoying this, too." She pushed herself back into me quickly so her ass was touching my pussy and suddenly my hands were on her chest. I continued to wash her but I began to feel her breasts as I washed. I was turned on and suddenly I was embarrassed so I dropped my hands and got out of the tub.

"Oh, why did you leave? I was enjoying that," she pouted. "I think I was enjoying that too I think and I'm not sure I want to go there, sister." As I dried myself, I ran a finger through my slit and then brought it to my nose. Anna and I laughed. I finished toweling off, put on a t-shirt, got under the covers and began to read my book. A few minutes later, Anna joined me. After watching me read, she pulled the book away and said, "Listen, here's the thing. I'm very horny now and I really want to cum. I don't know about you but I have no problem frigging myself right now. How 'bout you, wanna join me?"

"Gee, Anna, I've never done that before...in front of someone...I don't even do it in front of Tommy...but I'm plenty horny, too." And we both cracked up. Anna pulled the covers away and sat indian-style in front of me. I did the same in front of her. She started to rub her clit as I watched fascinated. Her labia was wet and I could smell her. I began to pinch my nipples and pull at them. Her eyes were riveted on me. "I like to think of old lovers when I masturbate. What do you think of?" "I think of Tommy's cock in my mouth and how it fills me up. That always gets me off."

We began to talk about each other's bodies as we masturbated. I moved my fingers down to my clit and began to make circular motions. I let out a soft moan.

"Your pussy lips are so puffy, more than mine." She said this as her clit popped out again.

"But your clit looks like a little dick." I said. "Yeah, it's easy for me to cum, it just takes a few strokes. I'm starting to feel it now. Look how wet I am."

"Your smell is so thick." I was amazed.

"Me, I thought that was you. You're dripping!" She was right. Our scent had filled the room. Looking at her dripping clit, I don't know what possessed me but I lay on my belly and watched her bring herself off. My face was so close that the smell enveloped me. I reached out and touched her clit. She took my hand in hers and together, we began to rub her pussy. Her clit was as hard as a bone and I rubbed my fingers along it's length. I was mesmerized. I placed my fingers between my lips and tasted her. She was a little tangy but nice. Smiling, she took my hand and placed it back into hers. She laid back as I rubbed her until she arched and let out a little scream. My hand was filled with her juice.

"Thank you. Now you." She pushed me back and placed both hands around my pussy. I closed my eyes. It felt good but different. Then I felt her lips around a nipple and we both moaned. My hands found her tits. She moved down to my navel and rolled her tongue around it. Then I felt her mouth on my pussy and I began to buck in orgasm. My cumming didn't seem to end, it just went on and on and on. She looked up at me and her face was covered with my fluids. She moved up next to me and covered us. Her body was hugging mine and she felt so soft. "That was soooo good," I finally said. "Me too," and we drifted off to sleep.

I woke up several hours later and went to the bathroom. I felt a little funny but I felt good, like I had crossed a threshold. It excited me that I had touched her and jerked her off. I could still smell her on my hand. It made me horny again. As I crept back into bed, Anna was sleeping soundly. I put my face very close to her pussy and took a strong whiff. The scent excited me so and made me so wet. I rubbed my palm along myself and sniffed it detecting the difference between us. I touched her pussy ever so gently. She rolled and her legs parted.

I gently buried my face in her sex. I inhaled all my nose could take and it intoxicated me. I began to lick the walls of her labia. Very quietly, she mumbled, "Oh please don't stop. Don't stop." I spread her legs apart and began to lick up and down her slit. My tongue went into her hole and I licked around the hole the way I like it. I moved up to her clit and sucked it between my lips. I licked around the base of it. Anna moved around and we began to sixty-nine. I was drunk with lust and I started to imitate Anna's ministrations. When she licked my clit and pulled it into her mouth, I did the same. When she rimmed my ass (I love it when Tommy does that), I rimmed her ass. We began to buck sand rock together. I buried my face into her pussy. I ran a finger up her asshole. We rolled around and were just crazy with desire. With me on my back and my hands squeezing her buns, I pushed her pussy into my face and lapped away like there was no tomorrow. She began to cum hard and her legs stiffened, slapping her bush against my face and making it hard to hold her onto me. But I did and was rewarded with a dripping, gushing pool of pussy juice all over my face. I came also just about suffocating her as I pushed into her mouth. Satisfied, we fell asleep in each others arms. We slept like that for the rest of the trip. Back in Paris, Anna bought a double dildo and we fucked each other royally.

I never told Tom about the new me but I think he noticed the change. He commented how after he goes down on me, I now lick his face, something I never did before. The fact is I just love the taste. Of course, he doesn't mind and our sex is more frequent and never better. Anna lives on the other side of the country so I never get to see her but we talk a lot and we are much closer now than ever. I did tell my best friend, Franny about it though. Franny admitted to me that she had an affair with a college roommate and had the best orgasms of her life. Last night, while the husbands were at the Knicks game, for the first time in many years, Franny had the feeling again. And me, I am adding new scents to my memory. This morning, I took Franny's still soaking panties (we exchanged wet panties as she loves the strong smell of pussy, too.), stuffed them into my face and came twice,

But the most amazing thing occurred last week while I was cleaning the house. I was putting Tommy's underwear away and I came across a couple of magazines- "stroke books." Tommy had dog-eared some pages. The stories were all bisexual male oriented. One story was about a male-female-male 3 way that got me so excited I took out my vibrator and did myself. This inspired my to look at his computer. Sure enough, he had a folder of bisexual oriented stories. "So Tommy, my Tommy, likes to suck cock!" Well why not, I thought. Now that is something I would like to see. But I'd like to see me cut loose, too. I thought about this and set a plan in motion. Only time will tell. However when Time tells, I'll tell you.