 It was three days later and Natalie was cleaning out her purse. As she sorted through the receipts that she had just jammed in her purse she came across Lisa Andrews business card. "Why did she take it" she wondered. She was about ready to crumple it up when she remembered something, "What did she say. If some really knows you they can amaze you." She struck the card several times against her thumb.

She was fifty-two. Dark hair, with a bit of grey in it. Gravity had begun to take over but her body was in pretty good shape for her age. Would that young woman really be interested in her? What if part way through Natalie changed her mind? As she pondered these and other questions, she suddenly reached for the phone and dialed the cell number. 

It rang four times and Natalie was about ready to hang up when she heard Lisa's voice. "Hello, this is Lisa Andrews."

There was a painfully long pause and before she could say anything Lisa said, "Natalie is that you?"

Natalie began to giggle. "Besides be "one of those" are you also a mind reader?" Both women giggled. Lisa said, "Just a wild guess. Who else would call and then be too embarrassed to say a word." 

The two women chatted and Natalie was trying to figure a graceful way to end the conversation when Lisa said, "So have you decided to do some exploring?" 

Natalie took in a breath, "I've thought about it, yes. But I'm just not sure."

"And why is that," asked Lisa.

"Well, what if in the middle of things I just don't care for it. Then what?"

Lisa giggled and said, "Then you say, I don't care for this and we stop. I'm not a man. I know when 'no' means no." 

Natalie was quiet and then said, "When could I see you?"

Expecting Lisa to give her a date in the future Lisa said, "I live at 1908 Ridgecrest, I'm home now. Come on over. See you soon." Without waiting for a reply Lisa hung up.

Natalie paced up and back not knowing what to do. She finally decided, "AS long as I can say stop, why not." She put on fresh bra and panties. A red sleeveless blouse, khaki shorts and sandals. She got in her car and in twenty minutes she was at Lisa's.

A nice spanish mission style ranch was what awaited her. She walked up and just as she was ready to knock the door opened.

Lisa smiled and gave a her a kiss on the cheek. 

Lisa led her out back to the yard and swimming pool. They sat and drank iced tea until Lisa finally said, "How about a quick dip in the pool?" 

Natalie said, "I didn't bring a suit."

Lisa stood up and unbuttoned her blouse. "I swim nude all the time, that's what the privacy fence is for." 

As Lisa got undressed Natalie reluctantly followed suit. Each grabbed a towel from a pile and walked down to the pool. The cool water felt good as they jumped in. The splashed around and chatted. After about twenty minutes both women were by the side of the pool just looking at each other when Natalie asked, "Ok how does this start."

Lisa smiled and gave the older woman a kiss. Soft, sweet, and tender. In a moment their arms went around each other. The kiss became more passionate and then Lisa said, "Well, shall we stop?" 

Natalie smiled, "I think we could explore a little more."

The two women climbed out of the pool, dried off and entered the house. Lisa led her to the bedroom. A king bed with canopy dominiated the room. The two women walked in and climbed in bed.

They rolled on their sides and faced each other. Lisa smiled and said, "You are lovely. If at any time this becomes uncomfortable for you just say so and we will stop." Natalie nodded in agreement and then Lisa kissed her. 

Arms went around each other and Lisa's tongue gently probed Natalie's mouth. Without even contemplating Natalie's lips parted and she received the moist invader.

Natalie began to melt and her legs parted as Lisa gently move her thigh up between the older woman's legs. She lifted and pressed into the older woman's vagina and moved her thigh up and back. Natalie moaned and Lisa moved her head and began to kiss Natalie's neck and shoulders.

Natalie's breathing began to increase and he nipples became hard as pebbles. Her vagina was secreting her juices like when she was a teenager. She caressed Lisa's back as Lisa kissed down to Natalie's nipples. 

Lisa kissed the protruding buds up and back and then finally settled on nursing on the right nipple. With slight pressure Natalie was now on her back. 

When Lisa moved to the left nipple her hand dropped down and gently pressed into the dark curls that surrounded Natalie's vagina.

Natalie gasped and Lisa looked up. "Are you all right?"

Natalie smiled, "Very all right."

"You don't want me to stop," asked Lisa.

Natalie didnt say a word, just shut her eyes and lay back.

As Lisa suckled on Natalie's nipples she inserted a finger into Natalie's vagina while her thumb began to lightly caress he clit.

Natalie responded with deeper sighs and an up and down movement with her hips. The feeling of warmth and acceptacne, feelings she had not felt in years were overwhelming.

Then Lisa left her breasts and slowly kissed her way down. It was not a bit of uncertainty set in. Natalie thought I should have bathes before I came over. She had showered that morning but was unsure of how she might smell or taste.

Before she could say a word Lisa was between her legs. The younger woman inhaled and looked up at Natalie. "Your pussy smells wonderful." With that she lowered her head and kissed Natalie's slit. UP and down she kissed and Natalie was no longer concerned with such things as scent and taste.

Lisa moved Natalies up and apart and then slowly licked from Natalie's rosebud all the way up to her clit. She moaned and shuddered. No one had ever done that before. She was ready to say something when Lisa licked again. Natalie just enjoyed.

Over and over again with slow, agonizingly slow licks Lisa licked from her puckered rosebud to her swollen clit. 

The long, slow licks seemed to go on forever until suddenly Natalie felt Lisa's tongue focused on her clit and Lisa's litlte finger pressing gently into her anus.

Natalie was being introduced to experiences she didnt even know existed and soon the finger was gently moving in and out of Natalies anus while at the same time her clit was being adored by Lisa's tongue.

Natalie abandoned herself to the feelngs and she reached up and began to massage her own breasts as she moved closer and closer to the edge.

The licking and the fucking were non stop and while she wanted this to go on indefinitely she also wanted to cum. She began to pant. Her nipples were solid as rocks. Her body glistened with sweat. She teetered on the edge and then her toes curled, he hips bucked, and she went into the land of total bliss. Her orgasm swept her away. Over and over again her hips bucked. She called out, "LISA! LISA! OH MY GOD LISA!" 

Soon, too soon her toes uncurled, her breathing began to slow down and the spasms began to cease. Her legs fell wide open and she felt totally exhausted, satisfied but exhausted. Her arms fell to her side and she felt like a limp, wet, rag doll.

Soon Lisa was up next to her. Gently blowing on her fevered brow. She finally looked at Lisa and said, "You were so right. It was indeed amazing". She gave the younger woman a quick kiss and said, "You are amazing."

Both women smiled and then Natalie said, "Give me a moment and then I want to love you."

Lisa stroked the older woman's hair and siad, "There's no rush, if you have no plans, why not spend the night."

When Natalie realized the younger woman was not joking, she smiled, snuggled up to Lisa and drifted off for a refreshing short nap.