 "Oh God," Julie moaned, arching her back, "I thought we were never going to get those damn papers done."

"Well, they are done...only an hour late," Clara said, smiling. "At least our GSA will be so ready for whatever comes their way during the bake sale."

"Yeah," said Julie, smiling through her exhaustion. 

"Anyways, Miss Johns, I have to go—I have work today. Have fun grading finals!" Clara said, laughing as she nearly skipped out the door.

As it shut behind her, Julie let her smile drop into a face of sheer fatigue and, she had to admit, a slight horniness. She hadn't had any sex for a couple of months, and being around all these cute bi and lesbian girls at the GSA didn't help. In fact, after she had transferred as principal to another school, she had still come back to help (and, she had to admit, to watch all the perky breasts jump everywhere when they did group activities outside).

Clara was a huge help, she did have to say, but she could barely stand to be in a room with her as long as she was when Clara stayed afterwards to help on extras for the GSA. She had taught her back in the ninth grade, and watched as she grew from what most would say an ugly duckling to a swan. With her short blond hair, size C (she guessed) breasts, and an ass that hadn't been there at first, she definitely had the attention of most of the girls in the group. She knew, however, that Clara had only been on two dates this school year, and hadn't had sex for nearly a year—although she knew it probably violated some teaching laws, she thought it was important for her to have a sisterly relationship with Clara and discuss things like that. Remembering the conversation she had had with Clara about sex and their first times, she felt a shock of electricity run through her. She closed her eyes and brought back Clara's innocent face, remembering how she had described the taste of the other girl, the smell of her sweat, the look on her face when she orgasmed. Her hands traveled down to her skirt, and inside her panties. She slowly moved her hand to her clit, and let her head fall back...

Meanwhile, Clara was outside in the sunshine, enjoying the high she had gotten from spending so much time with Miss Johns. She hadn't moved far from the door, having left her purse inside deliberately...something she had pulled so many times she was surprised Miss Johns hadn't caught on yet. It let her go back inside and watch Miss Johns grade papers, with her long brown hair falling to the desk and her perfect, tan legs stretched out in front of her. She had wanted her badly ever since the first day of freshman year, when she had walked in and seen this beautiful creature standing there. It took all she had to concentrate on her work and not on Miss Johns' low cut tops, or her thigh high skirts. Or rather, what those clothes revealed. Ever since she had turned eighteen in May, she had planned how to seduce her, and hadn't come up with anything acceptable. Sure, she had tons of fantasies, but none of which were realistic and would have to happen in situations beyond her control, and most of them she didn't see happening for her. On Tuesdays, when the GSA had their meetings, she tried to dress in what made her look and feel sexy—today she had on a button down blouse (with three of the top buttons undone, her excuse the sunny weather) and shorts that barely passed the school's dress code. She was running out of time with June coming so fast, and she knew it, although with the relationship she and Miss Johns had built up over the years, she had hoped it would happen sometime soon. All their conversations about sex...remembering when Miss Johns had gone on her last date (two months ago) and told her about the wild, savage sex—and she had barely been able to control herself from taking her right there—it was enough to drive any girl crazy. Shaking her head to clear it, she turned back into the flex area and headed towards Miss Johns' office to pick up her purse.

As she approached it, she heard moans coming from inside. Terrified that Miss Johns might have hurt herself, she ran the last few steps and threw open the door—to find Miss Johns with her hand down her skirt and a flushed face. Clara gasped, and Miss Johns hurriedly removed her hand and turned even redder as she blushed.

"I...my purse...it..." stammered Clara as she tried to regain her composure. Seeing the object of her desire in such a position left her speechless, and all she could do was turn warm and think of what Miss Johns had looked like in the throes of self-induced passion.

"Um...yeah...you left it on my...my desk," said Julie in a shaky voice. 

Clara walked slowly over to grab it, wondering if this might be her chance. As she walked to the door, she was disappointed until she heard Miss Johns' voice say, "Um, Clara?"

Hiding a smile, Clara turned around and asked, "Yes?" in as innocent a voice as she could muster.

"Why don't we keep...this...whatever you saw...just a secret, OK? It would look a bit bad if someone found out," Julie said, nervously laughing.

Clara's heart pounded, but she tried to act nonchalant. "Well...I mean...sure...of course."

"Oh, thank God," Julie said, "that's so—"

"Well, on one condition," Clara interrupted. 

"Of course, anything...although I have to warn you, I don't have much money, or...you know..." Julie started to stammer as Clara came around the desk until she was facing her.

Clara moved closer until Julie could feel her breath on her face, and she whispered, "All you have to do...is keep this a secret."

As Julie felt Clara's lips move onto hers, it was all she could do to keep down the urge to strip her and take her right there on the desk. Instead, she tried to release herself into the kiss, although it only lasted a few seconds. After Clara pulled away, Julie kept her eyes shut, sure she could still taste Clara's lips on hers.

Clara was not feeling as relaxed as she looked. Her heart seemed like it was trying to break free out of her chest like a prisoner trapped, and the kiss had restarted the fire in her stomach. She watched Miss Johns as she slowly opened her deep brown eyes and focused them on her. Watching those long-lashed eyes dance, she swore she saw something—longing?—in them. But she hadn't time to worry about that.

"Well, they are expecting me at work...I have to go. See you next Tuesday!" she said with a tone that didn't give away the heat she knew she'd have to relieve in the car before work. She walked out as slowly as she could, without making it obvious, and was disappointed when Miss Johns didn't stop her.

Yet, not even five steps from the door, she heard high heels running behind her and smiled to herself, although her heartbeat had become increased again. She felt Miss Johns grab her arm and turned around. Without a word, they walked back to her office, Clara almost running to keep up with Julie, who wanted to get there as fast as possible.

Julie held the door open and Clara walked in and turned around. Julie closed the door, and looked at Clara. They stepped towards each other, both of them knowing what the other one wanted, and needed.

Clara slowly brought her lips to meet Julie's, and felt that same electricity run through her. Having no time for a slow, romantic moment (and neither one of them caring whether or not they had one), Clara brought her tongue to the opening of Julie's lips, and felt her release them. They quickly moved their tongues in and out, exploring the sweetness of each other's mouths. Julie ran her hands up and down Clara's body, hugging that ass she had so longed to touch, cupping those breasts she had admired every day. Clara did the same in return, moving up and down those hips that had entranced her, running her hands through the soft, silky hair she had resisted from touching all those years. 

Though it had been a year for Clara and at least two months for Julie, they had not forgotten what to do. Clara moved her mouth off Julie's lips, causing a moan of disappointment which turned into one of pleasure as Clara brought her teeth to Julie's earlobe and nibbled gently. 

"There's...there's one thing..." Julie gasped.

"What is it?" Clara said impatiently, though not rudely, as she lifted her head from the recesses of Julie's hair.

"You know my first name, right?" Julie asked.

"Of course...it's Julie," Clara replied.

"Well, I think it'd be a bit weird for you to be screwing me and calling me Miss Johns, so...switch to Julie, could you?" Julie said.

"Oh yeah, I can do that...now can we please continue?" Clara asked with a smile on her face. Without even seeing Julie's answer, she brought her lips to Julie's neck and made small kisses there, something that Julie had mentioned she loved in one of their "sisterly" conversations. At the same time, she moved her hands under Julie's turtleneck and cupped a bra-covered breast. She removed herself from Julie's neck and brought the turtleneck over her head and threw it on a desk in the corner. 

Full of passion and impatient now, they moved so that Julie was leaning against her desk and Clara was facing her. Not wanting to hold out, Clara quickly unclipped Julie's bra with the dexterity of a surgeon and stood and admired the beauty before her for a short moment. But very short, since a passionate kiss from Julie was all she needed to be motivated to cup one in her hand and slowly move her thumb to the rosy nipple.

Julie felt a jolt all the way down her body and moaned into Carla's mouth as she deftly moved her fingers around the breast. Clara moved her mouth to Julie's right breast quickly, and fondled the left with her fingers, pulling the nipple slightly. She suckled the right one and moved her tongue almost torturously around the nipple. Julie writhed above her, her clitoris trying to find contact with any part of Clara. She gasped, trying to keep quiet in case anyone was around, but couldn't help a small squeal from escaping when Clara lightly bit her breast. 

Knowing that she had held out long enough, Clara moved down her stomach, planting a trail of kisses as she went. She watched Julie's chest heaving above her and smiled at the view. Bringing her hand up to touch Julie's thigh, she caressed it, feeling the strong muscles she knew Julie built from running. Her hand slowly traveled up, finally pressing itself against the hot mound waiting for her. Julie moaned loudly, moving herself against Clara's hand. As she was getting started, Carla moved her hand away, amid Julie's multiple protests. She silenced them with another kiss while peeling her skirt away. She pulled away from Julie, who now only wore a cotton thong, and viewed her like an admiring sculptor does of his artwork. This gave Julie all the chance she needed.

Nearly lunging at Clara, she pushed her up against the wall and kissed her passionately. Unlike their original kisses, these had a sense of urgency and neediness to them. Clara helped Julie unbutton her shirt, and groaned as Julie planted kisses right above her black bra (which she always wore Tuesdays, amid the chance that something may happen that week) and slowly removed it to reveal two perfectly formed breasts. Like a child with an irresistible treat before them, she held out as long as she could before she took a nipple in her mouth, warm and tasting slightly of salt. It came to attention immediately in her mouth and she ran her tongue around it eagerly as Clara whispered what sounded like "Oh God" above her. 

Although she was as methodical as Clara, she was not as slow, and quickly moved her hands to the top of Clara's shorts.

"You know, you've worn those shorts twice, and every time I have to think of ways to cool myself down afterwards," she whispered in Clara's ear, and they both shared a small giggle that turned into a moan for Clara as Julia removed the shorts and moved her hand to the same spot Clara's hand had been on her minutes before.

Pulling Julie back up, Clara moved them back over to the desk and leaned against it. Julie took the cue and naturally moved her leg in between Clara's. Having something to rub against, they took full advantage and quickly started to move against each other's legs. Even with thongs on, their sex quickly smeared each other's legs and they met each other's mouths in a last, desperate kiss, more devouring than anything. 

They increased their pace, becoming frenzied in their passion. Clara threw her head back as she came, screaming out Julie's name. Julie came soon after, biting Clara's shoulder in an attempt to muffle what she knew would be a loud scream. They lay there exhausted.

Their legs nearly gave out, and they collapsed on the floor. Turning towards each other, they giggled through their fatigue.

"God, do you have any idea how long I've wanted to do that to you?" said Julie, trying to catch her breath.

"Not nearly as long as I have—say, ninth grade?" asked Clara.

"Exactly...the first day you walked into class, even then I couldn't take my eyes off of you. You had...something," Julie said.

"Yeah, well you had killer legs," giggled Clara.

They laughed, and, tired, lay on the floor, using their clothes as pillows and blankets. Julie lay her head on Clara's shoulder, and as they drifted off, the last thing Clara thought was: Man, this is never going to happen again.