 I have for a long time fancied Mary and often masturbated while fantasizing about her wonderful body and what I would do with it.

I thought nothing would ever happen despite desperately trying to think up ways in which I could manipulate different situations into the right outcome. I would never in a million years have predicted what actually happened between us yesterday. And what happened, you might wonder?

As so many times before, whenever she came to visit me, I went to meet her at the bus station. We hugged as our standard greeting and I had to concentrate to ensure I would not get carried away as I enjoyed the feeling of her body so tightly against mine. Despite trying my best not to allow my thoughts to stray to anything naughty, I still felt my nipples harden.

We walked around town for a while before finding a nice and quite Italian restaurant where we quickly ordered some dinner. In spite of not having been together for a few months, it only took a glass or two of wine before we once again were talking as we had done those many years ago when we had first gotten to know each other. Even the topics were the same, the endless discussions of music and of course an argument of which film to watch later. Without having talked about it, we both knew that the night would - as usual - end with a movie-marathon and a few bottles of champagne that already were chilled in preparation for her arrival.

While we ate, I constantly caught myself looking at her lips, wondering what they would feel like around my hard nipples. I excused myself and went to the restroom, only to find that all the stalls were empty.

Closing the door behind me, I pulled up my skirt to access my pantyless pussy and my fingers quickly found my clitoris, rubbing it gently as my other hand reached into my purse, searching for the small bullet that I always keep within reach. As I found it and started the soft buzzing, I moved my fingers into my tight hole and located my pleasure spot while placing the bullet on my clit. A gasp escaped my lips as the bullet made contact and while thinking about how mesmerising Mary would look naked with her face covered in my juices, it did not take long before my heavy breathing turned into soft moans. 

I bit my lip, trying to keep down in case somebody was to enter the restroom. Soon pleasure shot through my body and even before I managed to catch my breath, I started to clean up, wash my hands and finally give myself a small splash of perfume in an attempt to hide whatever scent of my dirty deeds that might be left.

I checked my shirt, skirt and stockings before exiting the restroom to make sure that Mary would stay happily unaware of what had just happened.

We walked back to my place along the beach, looking at the sun setting across the Baltic sea. Walking past the castle, we began talking about the local history and legends, while the entire time my dirty mind was wondering about the castle's dungeon and how fun it could be to turn it into a fetish dungeon. I considered how it would be to tie Mary up against the wall and force her to cum until her body would collapse, how I would enjoy the look of her pale flesh as she shivered in pleasure.

Keeping these thoughts to myself, I led her the rest of the way to my cramped one-bedroom apartment. I took her coat as well as my own and once again admired her incredible shape. She was gorgeous with her long, dirty blond hair, blue eyes and curvy body. I longed to place my hands on her wide hips and pull her tightly against me.

I opened the champagne and pour us a glass each. A "sláinte" escaped my lips and a "na zdrowie" hers, as we followed the ancient Viking tradition of letting the fragile crystal glasses hit each other. Taking in the first sip, I felt the sparkles dance on my tongue as I enjoyed the sweet taste. Soon the glasses were refilled and the film rolling. Being a small place, there is nowhere to sit but in my bed, so we both ended up sitting closely together. We talked and laughed, barely noticing the film in the background.

Yet another glass of champagne followed, we were getting tipsy. We both suddenly went quiet as the heroine softly opened her mouth while kissing another woman, allowing the tongue to slip between her lips. I felt my mouth go dry as I looked over at Mary, wondering about her reaction to it. I noticed her dilatedly pupils, slightly surprised of her arousal but my rational thoughts told me that it was just due to the darkness. I emptied another glass, trying to forget about the growing wetness between my legs. It did nothing to help.

As the film ended, Mary suggested that we changed into our nightgowns. Not bothered by my eyes, she stripped down to just her underwear, a cute black bra and matching satin panties, before getting into a short cotton dress. I caught myself looking at her but she did not seem to notice. I followed her lead and was soon wearing a thin blue nightie that left little to the imagination as well as a thong. My hard nipples were clearly visible. It frustrated me to have to wear clothes to bed as I usually sleep naked but if that was what it took to share a bed with Mary, then who was I to complain?

Her breasts were bouncing slightly as she brushed her teeth, I could not keep my eyes from them in the mirror. I was wondering how her breasts would feel in my hands and her nipples between my fingers. 

We lay in bed, watching another film. She was in front of me and I moved closer, placing my hand on her hip underneath the blanket. I heard a soft gasp coming from her. I figured this was it, if I ever wanted a chance of being with Mary, it had to be right now in the darkness while the alcohol still was in her blood.

I gently ran my fingers up along her side, before letting them disappear into her hair. She was lying completely still but since she did nothing to stop me, I decided just to continue.

I moved even closer, letting her feel my body pressing against her skin. Placing a soft kiss on her shoulder, she finally turned her head towards me, her eyes filled with desire. I gently cupped her face and brushed my lips against hers. The kiss seemed to last forever and still nowhere near long enough. I was in pure bliss as felt her lips against mine.

I ran my thumb across her cheek, caressing her tenderly. As I licked her lips, she looked up at me slightly frightened but slowly opened her mouth, granting me access to enter her. I explored her mouth with my tongue, wanting her to have the best possible experience of her first girl on girl kiss. My hand kept softly stroking her hair, in an attempt to get her relaxed about it all.

I knew I had to use my knowledge of the female body to my advantage, to drive her crazy with need and make her want me even more than I wanted her. After sucking on her upper lip, I kissed my way along her jawline and down her neck as I had two nails tenderly trailing along the the other side. I took my time, slowly placing every kiss right next to the previous. I breathed in her scent, enjoying finally to have her. I was determined not to ruin this only chance I had.

My fingers moved down her sides as I kissed her collarbone. A soft whimper escaped my lips as I saw her nipples hardening underneath her clothes. I desired to feel, taste and claim every inch of her body. I silently cursed the cotton that covered her marvellous body, needing to feel her skin against mine.

I blew hot breath across the exposed top of her breasts and watched in awe as goosebumps began to appear. I slowly ran the tip of my tongue over the warm and soft surface. She arched her back, clearly enjoying my tender treatment of her. Reaching up, I cupped her perfect breasts and felt her nipples through the nightie.

Her fingers found my hair and as she pushed my mouth towards her hard buds, it took all my willpower to resist and instead move up her body to brush my lips against hers yet again. This time she pressed her lips harder against mine and sought out my tongue. Her hands moved towards my breasts, in an insecure manner. I took her earlobe into my mouth as she reached my nipples, making sure she heard my small, appreciative moans. She grew bolder and soon had her hands underneath my nightie, on my bare breasts. I whispered to her, telling her that I wanted her naked. She giggled and began to pull the dress off me even before I got around to strip her.

Soon we were both exposed and, unable to control myself, I bend my head down to take her nipple between my lips. I sucked hard on it while my hands travelled across the newly bared body. My long red nails against her alabaster skin made for an incredibly erotic sight.

I cupped her vulva as I allowed my teeth to graze her other nipple. Her hairless sex was hot with need. I looked into her eyes as I ran a finger between her pussylips, feeling her wetness for the first time. She spread her legs wider, tilted her head back and closed her eyes in pleasure as I found her clit, gently moving my thumb over it. I slid two fingers into her, feeling her pussy squeezing them ever so tightly.

I just had to taste her. Flexing my fingers inside her, I kissed my way down her body before placing my lips around her clit, sucking gently and making her gasp. I flicked my tongue across it multiple times while rubbing against her g-spot. The sweet scent and taste seemed to fill my entire universe and I wanted to be between her thighs forever.

She took hold of my head and pressed me against her pussy as she began to cum. I keep rubbing and sucking but looked up at her to see the most beautiful thing I have ever let my eyes on, how her body tensed and relaxed as she came hard on my face.

She was still shivering as I stopped to hold her in my arms instead. I kissed her tenderly, allowing her to taste herself on my lips. She looked so peaceful as she lay there and I began to stroke her hair. Soon she drifted off to sleep. I watched over her as she slept.

This morning I woke up before Mary. She is still in my bed as I am writing this. I have breakfast and coffee ready for when she awakes. What will happen next, I just don't know. All I know is that we have all day to ourselves and that if I have it my way, neither of us will get dressed -- well, maybe with the exception of one of us wearing my strap on.