 With a series of quick deep breaths, Lauren opened her eyes. From her vantage point in the driver seat, she could see clearly the number of the house she was parked in front of, but for a fifth time, she reached for the folded up paper in her passenger seat to check. With a slight tremble of nervousness, her hands fumbled to open the paper. Yes, this was indeed the place. She stared at the house for a long moment, trying to work up the courage for what was to come next. You can do this, she said to herself. You need to do this. No turning back now. Besides what a great story this will be to tell all her friends. Finally, when her own self coaching had built to a peak, she hastily unbuckled her seat belt and bolted out of the car. The cold new England air immediately stabbed at the bare portion of her legs, but she hardly felt it. In a nearly rushing stumble, she approached the door. The doorbell loomed at her, as she took a brief moment to catch her suddenly lost breath. Quickly straightening her costume, she tensely rang the bell as she held her breath. For a long moment, there was no answer. Not a sound from the house. Her heart quickened. Perhaps no one was home. Maybe it would be enough to simply say she went and found no one there. The nagging voice in her head told her for this much cost, no one was going to be satisfied with a ring and ditch. So she rang again, and held as still as she could to hear. From inside the house came the shuffling sounds of someone moving to the door. It opened with barely a creak. It was opened by a Woman!

The flickering shadow of Errol Flynn washed over Jennie's face. Not that she really noticed the subtle nuisances of Captain Blood, as she sat watching it. Indeed, she couldn't actually even remember turning the TV. It must have been before she had went to take a shower, she thought lazily, Everything these days seem to move on without her. Like the black and white world of film in front of her. In slow motion and without color. Drained of all substance. A hollow sadness that seemed like it would engulf her if she just let go. That's why she made sure to do the little things each day. Like shower and get dressed. The sarcastic side of her chided that they were useless gestures. No one was going to see her. Not now that she was all alone. Not now that Becky had left.

It had only been five month since their breakup, but her life still only had the faint semblance of normalcy. She went to work, she supposed, though the details of what had been said or done were lost in the sea of despair that was her thoughts. Surely, she must have eaten, or done laundry or went to the grocery store, but if hard pressed for details, Jennie couldn't say when. Instead she sat, alone on her coach. Dressed in a ridiculously oversized sweater and brown capri's, She drew her knees up to her chin as she had always done as a child. Sat and rock. Sat and stared blankly at the TV. Sat and wondered what it would take to snap out of this haze.

As a result, she was only barely aware of the ringing of the doorbell. For a moment she was sure it was from the TV. When it happened again, she began to question the logic of doorbells on a high sea pirate ship, and reluctantly uncurled herself to go investigate.

As she crossed the living room to the hard wood of her entry way, Jennie listlessly wondered who could be at her door. The mailman perhaps. Girl Scouts. Mormon's or Jehovah witness even. Maybe even death himself if she was so lucky. What she found when she opened the door was the one thing that she hadn't expected....

A Cheerleader

Standing motionless on her porch, in the nearly freezing winter air was a cheerleader. No more than 5'5" at best, stood a beautiful blonde, her hair cut in a slight page boy bob framing her perfect face. The type men, and women like her, pined over in high school. The perfect girl next door. Where was Hugh Hefner when you need him, Jennie's sarcasm blared in her head. She was dressed as a classic cheerleader, complete with pink sleeveless sweater and matching pleated skirt, that would have been illegal in any outfit other than a cheerleaders. Despite the chill, she was barelegged, standing in a set of pink track shoes. In her hands was a golden ribbon of cloth that appeared to trail behind her back. Jennie's mouth dropped open in shock.

Startled by the opening of the door, Lauren stood face to face with an extremely cute brunette girl. Lauren didn't move for a moment, as her brain told her that maybe she ought to take a good survey of what the woman looked like before she began. Fear washed away from Lauren's mind as she measured the woman behind the door frame. Despite the baggy sweatshirt, she was sure that he was a petite girl, slender and fit. 

After a small moment of awkward silence, Jennie broke the tension. "Hello?" she questioned.

As if snapped out of her trance, Lauren beamed back quickly, "Ah.. Hi... Are you Jennifer Baker?"

"Yeah, " Jennie replied still bewildered by this sudden turn of events.

"Great," Lauren chimed back," Do you mind if I come in? It's a little cold out here.", she added suddenly realizing the actual temperature. To her great surprise, Jennie heard someone say "Sure, Come inside." And that voice turned out to be her own! As if still moving in that haze, she stepped aside to let the cheerleader into her home. The cheerleader bounded into her foyer. The Foyer was a built on a beautiful teak wood hard floor with a single set of stairs leading up immediately ahead. To either side the entranceway opened into larger sitting rooms. One that Lauren thought must have been a living room, from the TV throwing shadows on the wall. She handed the end of the ribbon to Jennie as she closed the door.

With a big breath, she started her routine. "Hi my name is Lauren and I am from Lick o Gram! With a message and a gift for you!."

"What?! O'Gram?" cried out Jennie as if to question the absurdity of what the cheerleader just said. Her protests seemed to have little effect on the cheerleader as she began to sing. It was clear from the first note that she hadn't been hired for her singing voice, but somehow Jennie didn't seem to mind. 

"You're in the Dumps You are so blue"

"Here's a small gift From your friends so true"

"Something to make your blood racing Something hot for just a little tasting"

"So just pull the ribbon to reveal your treat Something tasty for you to eat."

With a flourish, the blonde finished her little song, she struck a pose. Widening her stance just a little, she planted her hands on her hips in what Jennie thought immediately as the "Classic wonder woman" pose. The Blonde stood there motionless just grinning with what Jennie thought was a beautiful smile.

Awkwardly, Jennie asked, "So... what now?"

The blonde took it as a cue to re-sing the last lines of the song. When she struck her pose again, and there was still no response from Jennie, the cheerleader whispered through her grin, "Pull the ribbon"

Jennie looked down at the gold ribbon in her hand, and for the first time in this strange course of events, realized that she was holding it in both hands. She gave it a good tug. Jennie had expected for a box of chocolates to drop out from behind the cheerleaders' back, or maybe chocolate covered strawberries. What happened next she didn't suspect.

At first, there was slight resistance, and then the sound of tearing, like Velcro. Once overcome by Jennie's pulls, the rest of the ribbon flew towards her lazily,... as did the Cheerleader's skirt.

Jennie gasped a silent gasp. Standing just exactly as she was before, the cheerleader had not move from her pose. She was exactly the same way as she was before, except that from her waist down she wasn't wearing anything at all. No stocking or hose covered her tanned legs. Nor did anything cover her at all from wear her vest ended. Where normally panties would adorn her shapely figure, the blonde was standing completely nude. Her hips were not large, just curvy enough to make you want to grab them. Trailing down from her vest, her crotch was completely bare. Shaved of any trace of hair, her pubic mound was smooth, in a way that let you know this was not a new shaving, but habit. The skin had a silky sheen, like it had been pampered with baby oil just hours earlier. Slightly rounded, her mound of Venus gave way to a nearly flawless pussy. A single long slit ran down her crotch. Flat, without any lips sticking out, she had the pussy that was made to be licked. Mesmerized by it, Jennie thought she could see just the hint of glint shining from between her nearly complete closed slit. She couldn't be sure from this distance, but Jennie thought that the blonde was a little wet. Jennie's breath was taken away by the sight. 

Lauren didn't move. She had struck her pose, and stood there smiling as the Jennie had pulled off her skirt. All the way over here, the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties was like a secret thudding in her chest. Now that it was out in the open, literally, the thought of what she was doing crept back into the forefront of her mind. She was standing in a strange woman's hallway, half dressed as a cheerleader, naked from the waist down.. This women, whom she had met a minute ago was staring at her box, with a look of shock and something else. Oh God! She thought trying to hold back the panic. I've presented my box to a lesbian and she doesn't want it! Was it too ugly for her? Not hairy enough? She did her best to remain composed. 

"Wow," Jennie whistled, "that's some surprise," she added with a chuckle. "What am I supposed to do with that?"

"I think you are supposed to lick my pussy," Lauren commented, as if it were the most matter of fact thing she had ever said. Those nagging thoughts intruded again, and she quickly added " That is if you want to....I mean, If it's ok,", she said stammering. "If it's too ugly or not..."

Jennie Interrupted, coming out of her trance, " No! No!, It's not that. Please don't think it's that. You have a truly beautiful pussy. Downright scrumptious. I'd love to eat you, it's just this is all so..."

"Weird. Yeah I get that. Well if you really want to take me for a taste, I can't think of a better time than now."

For the first time in a long time, Jennie was actually looking forward to something. Without saying another word, she crossed over to the cheerleader and knelt down in front of her. From this view, she quickly confirmed that what she had suspected was true. As her face got close to the blonde smooth box, she could smell the distinct aroma of a woman aroused. The girl may have been trying to play non-chalant about it, but there was no hiding the smell of a pussy in heat. Putting her face centimeters from the inviting opening, she breathed in deeply, taking in her fragrance.

Startled by this, Lauren nearly jumped. "What are you doing?" she asked , looking down at the top of Jennie's head.

"Just taking in the aroma," Jennie replied with another big whiff

"It smells ok doesn't it?" Lauren panicked. "I can go freshen up again if it would help."

"It smells like heaven. There is nothing quite so wonderful as the smell of a wet girl." Truly, Jennie was enraptured. The blonde's pussy smelled a sweet heady musk scent, mixed with something light and fruity. Strawberries she thought. Her gloom dispelled, she found herself lick her lips as she approached it. . "I hope you taste as good as you smell.ah....What did you say your name was?"

"Lauren," she cheerfully answered.

"Nice to meet you Lauren. Normally I get to know a girl a little before... well... I at least like to know the name of the girl's whose twat I am tonguing." Both of them laughed, a small giggle and Lauren shifted her stance so that her feet turned out more. Her thighs followed suit, letting Jennie gaze into a slightly more open slit. 

"Normally, I start at the top, and like to work my way to...." Jennie began to explain as though she were teaching a class. Jennies hot breath on her pussy was more than Lauren could handle. 

Interrupting the lecture, Lauren reached out with both hands and grabbed the back of Jennie's head, pushing her still talking mouth into her pussy. "For god's sake, Eat now!. Explain it to me later after I cum."

Lauren thought she was ready for what was to happen next, but her knees wobbled as Jennies lips found her clit. Jennie wasted no time, wrapping her lips around Lauren's pert clit. Her hands planted softly on Lauren's thighs, Jennies' fingers reached up and parted her lips. She instantly felt a flood of wetness on her fingertips. Anxiousness driving her desire, Jennie's stopped sucking and ran her tongue down Lauren's slit in one long lick. As soon as her tongue found her hole, the taste of Lauren juices flooded into her mouth. Delicious indeed, she thought as she began greedily lapping up the cheerleader's fluids. Jennie began to lick in long upward strokes, starting by swirling her tongue inside Lauren's most private of spaces, and continuing up with increasing speed and force to her clit. After each lap, a small nibble at the clit signaled another to come. With each lap she became more desperate, seeking not only to taste her, but to drink her dry.

When Jennies tongue began to explore the inside of her cunt, Lauren let out a gasp. No one had ever licked as deeply or as forcefully inside her. She wanted to push Lauren's head back down each time she raised from the hole, but the love bites on her clit were sending shockwaves through her body too good to stop. When she finally could take no more, Lauren grabbed the back of Jennie's head, pushing her face as deep into as she could. Crying out, a bolt of heat shot through her loins to her clit and she stumbled as she came. Lauren grabbed the railing of the nearby stairs to stop from collapsing. A moment earlier, she wasn't sure what had been her juices or Jennie's saliva on her pussy lips. Now she felt the warm feeling of her own fluids slowly seeping down her thigh. 

"I am so sorry," Lauren blurted out as she look at the now wet faced Jennie. "I don't think I've ever came so hard. I'm sorry for getting you all wet"

"Don't be," Jennie replied quickly, out of breath. "It's part of the fun. Besides I was right. You tasted amazing." She was licking the sides of her cheeks the way someone might lick up ice cream on their face. "God I needed that!. I honestly could do that for hours. Do you have to go right away?"

"My next appointment is in three hours," Lauren said, 

"You in any rush to get there?" Jennie asked with a wink, as she raised herself up from the floor.

"Not particularly. I don't know a lot of girls in a rush to end up with a belly full of cum."

"You mean..." Jennie's eyes widened. In the seconds of contemplating the ridiculousness of Lick O Gram, she hadn't once thought about other clientele besides women.

"Yeah, 'fraid so," Lauren nodded. "Next Gram is a Bachelor party. Supposed to blow the groom. They paid real good money for the total package too. He gets to nut in my mouth and I get to swallow. Fun huh?" The sarcasm was palpable in her tone. "Besides I haven't quite finished with this gram. Your friend's must really like you. They splurged on a return lick as well"

"Return Lick? What's..." Jennie began to say, as Lauren's hands found their way to the top of her capris."Oh," she said as Lauren's fingers deftly unbutton the black fabric, pushing it to the floor in a heap. Unlike her new friend, Jennie was wearing white French cut panties. Thank God I showered today, thought Jennie as she looked at her own crotch. Any thought of the sexiness of her undergarments seemed lost on Lauren, as she pulled down her panties with the same efficiency that had shed her pants moment ago. Still soft from the shower, Jennie's pussy was not entirely shaven. Bare was her lips and all the hair to the sides of them. Only directly above her slot was a small tuft of exquisitely manicured bush. 

Lauren knelt down in front of Jennie, in the same fashion that she had done to her only minutes ago. For the last time that day, the nervous side of Lauren spoke into her brain. It's one thing to come on another woman's face, it mocked her. But are you willing to taste one you've just met? She pushed those thoughts aside and tried to angle her head in for attack. Each time she did, it seemed as though it was the wrong position. Frustrated, she asked, "Would you mind if you laid down for this? I'd really like to get to know your pussy as well as you explored mine, and I can't seem to bend right to do it. "

They moved to the living room and Jennie took her place on the floor. Lauren began to make her way to lay down, when Jennie stopped her. "Your contract says you have to eat me right?" Lauren nodded as she stared at Jennie glistening slit. She knew in a matter of seconds it was going to be in her mouth. "Well, there is nothing in that contract that says I can't be eating you too at the same time is there?"

Lauren just smiled and walked slowly over to stand directly over Jennie's head. Lowering herself down carefully, she eased her pussy onto Jennie's face before you bent all the way down to complete the sixty nine. Jennie was already furiously picking up where she left off, swirling her tongue like you would eat an ice cream cone. As Lauren moved to bend her head down, Jennies knees came up and partied, spreading her flower before Lauren like a banquet. She took a moment to drink in the image. Hew small lips being pushed to the side . The gentle soft hair leading like a sign pointing to her glory. Her entire pussy sparkled with wetness. Before she began, Lauren took in one deep breath to savor her scent. Jennie had been right A woman could get lost in that smell.. Even upside down, the total image of Jennie's womanhood in all its display of lust made Lauren's heart pound faster than any fear had earlier. 

Her mouth gapping at the beauty of it, she leaned over to begin, just as Jennie stopped devouring her pussy for second. "How long have you been doing this?" Jennie asked her, in between licks.

"Actually...Today is my first day.."

"You mean I'm your first client ever?,"Jenny sounded excitedly. Lauren could tell from the increase in her licking that this must have turned her on immensely. 

"Yeah, you're my first," she giggled back, adding "In more ways than one"

At this Jennie stopped licking altogether; Her chin resting against Lauren's clit."Don't tell me you have never tasted a woman before?" Her voice was nearly a quivering whisper. The thought of a virgin pussy in her mouth nearly brought Jennie to climax all by itself. 

Lauren just giggled and took the plunge. With a long lick she ran her tongue down the length of Jennies waiting twat. Salty and sweet flavors assaulted her at the same time. Yes it was delicious "I have now," she replied coyly, as she continued to lick her first pussy.

After a moment of lapping, Jennie asked her, "Well, what do you think of your new job?"

Lauren paused only for a moment to say, "I think I might have the best job in the world" And with that she went back to doing that job, as she buried her face in Jennie's now aching crotch.