 The yellow glow of the sun shined through the bedroom window and landed squarely on my face. I sat up, out of my nice plush bed, slowly and stretched my arms and back. My husband had already left for work, just like he always did on weekday mornings. It had been yet another long night with a complete and utter lack of sex. Me and my husband have been married for five years now and probably haven't fucked since the first two. He has a very important job and works from a very early hour until late into the night and is always too tired, even for a blowjob when he gets home.

Anyways, to continue my story, I got out of bed and went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. I had been sleeping in very sexy lingerie lately, not to sound conceited, hoping it would push my husband to at least touch me, but nothing seemed to work. I took off the red, lace bra and threw it in the clothes hamper, along with the matching lace panties. I stood in front of the mirror and evaluated my body. I was 25 and had a very nice firm body that I had had since high school. I had C-cup breasts and nice, long legs. I kept my pussy nice and smooth because John said he liked it like that.

I climbed into the nice warm beating of the shower; running my hands through my long blonde hair and feeling it run down my smooth, naked body. I always loved the way it felt pouring down in-between the crack of my ass. I began touching myself, and playing with my pussy as the water flowed down my arms and beat against my back. This had become another nice little habit of mine that had developed quite rapidly.

After stepping out of the shower and towel drying my hair I heard the doorbell ring downstairs. I started to the bathroom door without realizing I was completely in the nude and then caught myself. I hastily through a robe around my body and made my way downstairs, where the visitor was impatiently pounding on the doorbell every two seconds. I assumed it was some local boys asking if they could get their ball out of backyard, which they had irresponsibly thrown over the fence as young boys do.

But to my surprise I opened the door to a beautiful young woman. She had long, thick, brunette hair that shined in early morning light outdoors. She has wearing a black dress that stopped just above her knees and fit to her body like a glove, low-cut and showing quite a bit of cleavage. I stood in the doorway surprised, for a few moments, never having seen her in the neighborhood before when she said,

"Hi there, we just moved in next door and I thought I'd come over to say hello."

How could have forgotten. The house next door had been for sale for quite a long time. The former owners had been asking for quite a bit of money and were having some trouble selling it.

"Oh! In the Arkwright's old house. Well I'm Sara," I said extending a long sexy arm to greet her with.

"Jessie," she answered, grasping my palm in her own.

"It's great to have you in the neightborhood. It's been awhile since we had neightbors on that side of our house," I joked and she laughed along.

"It's a beautiful house."

"Oh, well don't just stand out there. Come in I'll fix you a cup of coffee."

"That sounds great," she answered and made her way through my doorway and I led her to the kitchen/bar area and began to make a pot of coffee.

"You're husband must have some job to afford a house like that."

"Oh you bet. He works 24/7. He's an architect and his job is always demanding him at work."

"I have the same problem with my husband. Work work work work work. It's killing me. I hope this isn't too forward, I know we just met, but there isn't anyone else in the neighborhood my age to talk to."

"Oh, no it's fine," she grinned as I handed her a cup of warm coffee and she took a sip.

"Well, it's just...when do you and your husband find time for sex?"

She shook her head and sat down her coffee cup on the counter. "We don't."

I giggled and walked around to her side of the bar, readjusting my pink, satin bath robe and sat down on the stool next to her. "Good, I thought I was the only one."

She laughed and there was an uncomfortable silence for a second with both of us trying to kind of move past the subject.

"Would you like a tour of the house?"

"I would love one," she answered finishing off her cup and setting it on the bar before standing.

"Excellent then follow me upstairs," I said walking towards the stair and leading her to the master bedroom.

"You're bedroom is very pretty," she complemented me and our eyes met for a second with neither of us saying anything. She walked towards me slowly, pushing down the straps of her dress, exposing more of her chest than she had before. I did the same, opening my robe and finally, dropping it to the floor.

She slid her dress off of her slowly. It gripped her smooth curves all the way to the floor. We stood naked in front of each other for a few moment, with our hands on each others hips before we each grasped each other and our lips met with an intense moment of passion and heat. Both of our hands were pushing against the back of the other's head and our lips were entwined and sliding against one another. Soon my tongue was in her mouth and hers in mine. Our tongues danced together for a few minutes, my mind so fascinated with what was going on I couldn't focus. My body had gone numb.

We broke the kiss and both mad our way to the bed. I was shaking because I had never kissed anyone besides my husband since we had gotten married, and had never kissed another girl period. But what really made me shake was how much I loved it. It sent chills down my spine and a huge grin crawled up my face.

We reached my bed and she pushed me onto my back. I fell onto the plush comforter and bounced before she soon fell on top of me. She kissed me again, this time her soaked cunt lips rubbed against my raised thigh. She began moaning into my mouth as her hips ground into my thigh. Our lips were locked and I sucked on her kiss tight, never wanting it to break. Her mouth moved down to my neck and kisses became gentler, yet much more plentiful.

She sucked gently on my neck and just above my chest before finally her lips fell upon my erect breasts. My breathing patterns increased and I felt my pussy begin to moisten and excite. My hands slid gracefully on her back as she sucked on my tits and landed on her nice tight little ass. I gripped it tight as she excited me more and more with her mouth. My nipples were hard as ice and extremely tender as her tongue flicked back and forth across them.

I laid my head back and tossed it back and forth enjoying every second of her tongue against my stiff perky breasts. Her mouth began moving down and soft kisses began to land on my stomach and upper waist. Her hands grabbed my inner thigh and spread my legs apart as she continued gently teasing me with each soft set of lips that landed against my tender skin. After, spreading my legs the tips of her fingers glided gently over the pouting lips of my shaved pussy.

I felt chills shoot down my spine. The tingling I felt in my legs increased even more when I felt her kiss slowly make its way to my pubic area. She continued gently massaging the lips of my wet spot as her lips moved closer and closer to my stiff clit. She slid a finger inside of my begging cunt slowly and softly and I grabbed the sheets with a firm grip and let out a soft, deep moan.

After, playing with me and torturing my pussy, her mouth finally fell onto my stiff tortured clit. A huge wave of pleasure spread through my veins all the way from my toes to the tips of my fingers. My back arched and I pushed my crotch hard against her face. She sucked on it gently and continued sliding her middle finger into and out of my soaking cunt. I continued bucking into her face, forcing her mouth onto her harder and pushing her finger deep into my pussy.

She began licking and sucking at my clit harder and faster progressively and finally I couldn't take it any longer. I arched my back hard one final time. I let out a deep moan and screamed.

"Oh yes!"

My pussy exploded with the most intense amazing orgasm I had ever experienced. Jessie sat up and watched me orgasm, running her hands along my sides and thighs. After my body relaxed she crawled on top of me one final time and gave me one more deep, meaningful kiss. We both giggled afterwards and stood up, putting our clothes back on, each of us with the world's biggest smile on our face.

We made our wake back downstairs. She was wearing her skirt and top and I was back in my satin robe. I opened the door for her and she started her way out.

"Bye. It was nice meeting you. You'll have to stop by again some time for more coffee."

She blew me a kiss. "Of course, and next time it's my turn." She winked and made her way down the street.

From that day forward, I never missed my husband at work. I was perfectly happy with him spending as much time away from the house as he could.