 From the onset of puberty, when the hormones kicked in and I felt that first rush of sexual awareness, I knew that I was "different".

What do I mean by that?

Well, let me give you an example. When a group of us went to see the film "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and they were all lusting after Paul Newman I was looking at Elizabeth Taylor, wondering how those soft, full lips would feel on mine, imagining her eyes burning into me as we kissed. 

Nights were filled with female fantasies as I played with myself. I sneaked looks at other girls in the showers at school, fell madly in love with Miss Parkinson, our French teacher, in fact, I was wholly and totally consumed with desires for women, never men. I watched women walking in the town, looking at the way their hair swung round their face, gazing at the swell of their bodies, imagining, always imagining. But in the small, provincial town where I lived, in the small, provincial family I grew up in, there were no words to describe what I felt, no name for it. So I tried to ignore those feelings, tried to conform, be like all my friends, be "normal".

Oh, how I tried! I did the usual things, went to parties, kissed boys, let them fumble their way into my clothes, opened to them, bore the rough thrustings, let them spend themselves in me. And I hated it. I hated the roughness of their hands, their faces, their hard bodies, and their acid breath on me. But I pretended. Oh, yes, I pretended. If there are Oscars for faking it then I'd be up there with the best! I split my mind, divorced my brain from my body and somehow survived, knowing that I could always get release with my own hands later.

So here I am, 18 years old, having had more pricks than a second-hand dartboard, at University, filled with an emptiness and the knowledge that out there, somewhere, was the answer to my prayers. Standing at the bar of the Freshers Disco, watching the heaving mass of dancers under the garish lights, watching, always watching the flow of the female forms barely dressed, breasts swaying, thighs glowing, eyes sparkling, lips moist, desperate to rush in and grab someone, anyone, and kiss them and feel the release of all the pent-up tension in me. From behind me I hear a low, sensual voice,

"Like a meat market, isn't it?"

I turn and am immediately lost. Lost in the darkest eyes that look deep into me, knowing me, knowing what I feel, what I need. I see the face, oval, full mouth, red lips parted slightly to reveal even, white teeth but it is the eyes that hold me, pull me in, drown me with their glow. I stammer a reply and at her invitation move to a table far back in the darkness. We sit and talk. She introduces herself as Katie, a mature student returning to education after an unhappy marriage. We talk but still I cannot say what I really feel, cannot put into words the emotions running through me, dare not overcome the inner fears that hold me in chains. We talk. She tells me about her life and I mine but always there is a hidden undercurrent, something deep, unsaid, words that hover between us. Inside me is a tension that builds and threatens to engulf me. I find it hard to breathe, my head swims and I know that I am lost in her. Suddenly she breaks the moment.

"Look. Tell me if I'm going too fast but I feel that there is something you want to say but can't. I'm going home. Here's my number. Give me a ring if you want to talk more."

A scrap of paper pushed across the table towards my trembling fingers. I take it. She stands, murmurs her goodbyes and leaves. I sit there, desolate, cursing my cowardice, regretting the unspoken thoughts, missing her the moment she is gone. 

Three weeks have passed. 21 days, during which I have picked up the phone countless times only to replace it, still not daring to take that step. Finally I dial. I hear once more that soft, slightly husky tone.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Katie. It's Carrie. Remember me?"

"Oh, yes, my dear! I remember you!"

A throaty chuckle sends shivers down my spine and I know that I have taken the first step along a road that I have needed to travel since forever. She invites me to visit and I accept. I write the address and we say goodbye. My heart is racing, my mind reeling. And still the inner fears tell me that I will not go, that I dare not go.

But here I am on the street where she lives. Walking up and down past the entrance to her flat, plucking up the courage to ring the bell. Finally, irrevocably, I do it. I cross the threshold into a whole new world. She greets me warmly, her hand holding mine perhaps a moment too long to be just friendly. She wears a long, black, silk robe that clings to her slim, curvy body. Her jet-black hair is piled high on her head and I feel slightly shabby before her. She shows me into a large spacious lounge and we sit opposite each other in deep armchairs. She pours me a drink and as she passes it to me our fingers brush and shocks surge through me. I feel my face blush bright red. She speaks,

"Relax, Carrie, my dear. There's no need to be frightened. Nothing that you don't want will happen."

The wine begins to work it's relaxing magic and we talk again. I try to explain how I feel but as I look into her eyes my mouth dries and the words falter. 

"Stay with me tonight, my love. Please."

The words burn me. In that "please" I sense a little fear in her too.

"Yes."

Just one word, one little word, but it says so much. We sit and talk a little more before going to bed. She lends me a nightshirt and lets me change alone. I slip into the large double bed and pull the covers up around my shoulders, lying on my side, facing away from her side of the bed. I feel her sit on the side of the bed and stifle a gasp. I feel like a schoolgirl again, doing something slightly naughty. The fears raise their ugly head again and I wonder if I am doing the right thing. She climbs into bed and moves closer to me. I lie perfectly still feeling the warmth of her body just touching mine. My heart begins to race with the anticipation of what might happen. I can hear her deep breathing and feel her arm across me. Instinctively, despite my inner fears, I move back towards her slightly and that triggers her response.

Her arm slips under the covers and wraps around my chest, just below my breasts, holding me tight as she moves ever closer. Now I can feel her warm breath on my neck and a chill shoots down my back and legs. As her embrace tightens I can also feel the soft pressure of her breasts through her shirt and mine. A rush of heat surges through my loins. The sensual warmth of a kiss on my neck makes me shudder once more. Katie's arm has slipped from my chest and her hand now strokes up and down my arm. Her hot, moist lips burn another hole into my soul as they move along my neck towards my ear. The kisses are so gentle and slow, not rough or hard at all, just tender and soft. I shudder again and the inner fears tell me to make her stop but my sensuality is afraid to. It wants this. It needs to know. I turn and face her. She pulls back her arms and a look of fear crosses her eyes too.

"Please, Carrie, don't be angry with me."

I find her hand and squeeze it.

"No, Katie, it's all right. I don't want you to stop."

My inner fear curses, realising it is losing the battle for my soul.

Katie's eyes glimmer with passion as she moves closer to me. Slowly her arms encircle me and mine respond in kind. Suddenly there is a warm, sensual body in my embrace. A woman who has sent me all the signals of romantic interest and I can finally read them. Slowly, oh, so slowly, her lips move towards mine, her chest presses into mine and I feel her legs begin to intertwine with mine. My heart ponds like a bass drum, anticipating the moment of that first contact. As our lips meet a charge of incredible sensual force surges through my body, making every part tingle. Her lips are so unbelievably soft and wet. They're like none I've ever kissed before. Her hand slides to the back of my head and she holds it tightly as she presses her lips harder into mine. My hands slide up and down her back and into her hair, loosening it. I can feel her breasts rubbing against mine through the fabric as she begins moving against me. The kiss seems to go on and on.

Katie, using her sudden burst of sexual energy, rolls me onto my back and comes with me. Now I find myself lying beneath this woman, whom I barely know but have come to feel is a very special person, and she begins to move against me. I open my legs instinctively, raising my knees and feeling her slip between them. The gentle thrusting motion of her hips creates friction against my panties, which rub against my mound, causing me to flush with warmth and moisture. I run my hands up and down her back, sometimes carrying them to her bottom. Once, when I bring them up, I slip them under her shirt and slide them up over the bare skin of her back. Her mouth breaks our long kiss and she moans at my touch. She lifts herself above me, driving her pelvis harder against my sex, and allows me to pull off her shirt. In the dim light I can see the raised mounds of her breasts. My heart seems to beat faster as I reach up and gently touch one of them. The skin is so soft and smooth, yet firm. Her nipples, I can feel, are hard as gumdrops and she gasps as I gently squeeze one of them. I cup the breast for a moment before letting go. Then Katie sits up on her knees and lifts my shirt. I raise my back after hesitating for just a moment and watch as she pulls it slowly up, revealing to her the round, succulent fruit of my own chest. I sit up in front of her, on my knees as well, and allow her to remove my shirt the rest of the way. The two of us are sitting, face to face, clad only in our panties. She looks longingly at my breasts as they hang lightly on my bare chest. Slowly she extends her hand and cups one warmly in the palm of her hand. I breathe in sharply. This is all so different from the rough touch of a man, so much softer, so much tenderer. She clasps my other breast in her other hand and gently presses on them both, flattening them against my chest, rubbing my nipples in circles with her thumbs. I lean my head back and begin to moan softly.

Katie's hands slip from my breasts and slide around my back. She pulls me toward her and I feel the warmth of her breasts as they brush against mine. Our mouths move together, hands grasping each other's heads as we caress our way round our bodies. Katie's tongue parts her lips and flicks against mine. I give in to curiosity and desire and let it slip into my mouth. What fire, what electricity! The soft, sweet intruder invades my mouth, brushing and caressing my tongue. I respond and she moans deep in her throat. Her grip on me tightens as her hands move to my back. Suddenly she breaks the kiss and begins kissing my cheek and works back to my ear. I feel her tongue dive into it and I let out a soft scream of pleasure. Her sensual energy grows stronger and she moves down to my throat, ever so gently biting the skin. I wriggle with pleasure against her nude chest, breathing in deep gasps. One hand moves down to my behind where she caresses my smooth, pantied buttocks, occasionally slipping a finger beneath the elastic to tantalise me. The other hand reaches round to the front and clasps my left breast, raising it so the firm nipple points toward her mouth. I steel myself for the feeling, but nothing I have experienced has prepared me for the jolt that seizes my body when her wet, full lips plunge down upon my breast. I feel her hot, sensual, slightly rough tongue circling my aureole, moving closer and closer to my nub. When it brushes across the erect button I suppress a squeal of lust. When her teeth clamp lightly onto it I let go and cry out in low growls. Katie's pleasuring is beyond anything I could have imagined and she isn't even close to done yet. She buries her face between my breasts and breathes deeply, snuggling each one.

Suddenly her hands slip into the sides of my panties and I feel her start to pull them down. Her hands grasp my bare bottom and she pulls me down onto my back, sliding my underwear down as she goes. I don't even have time to react before my naked sex is revealed to her. She drops my panties onto the floor and casts her gaze over my body. If there was enough light she could see me blushing all over. I've been nude with other women before, but never in this kind of situation. I feel embarrassed, or is it fear? Suppose she doesn't find me attractive? She lets out a long, slow breath,

"Oh, god, Carrie. God, you're so beautiful!"

I'm too worked up to reply, except to reach for her hand, caressing her fingers. She takes my hand and guides it towards the front of her panties. Before I even touch the fabric, I can feel the heat radiating from her sex. Her hand places my fingers onto the soft bulge in her underwear. She closes her eyes as I gently rub the wet silk. I feel her pubic hair beneath the cloth. Moving further back I can feel the nub of her clitoris and she gasps. A little further back I can feel her slit parting and I can push the wet material slightly up into her vagina. She begins gyrating her hips and grunting softly at this point.

"Oh, Carrie, yes! That's so wonderful!"

I pull my hand away and grab the elastic of her panties. I pull down, rolling the fabric past the top of her pubic triangle. She raises her knees and slowly pulls them off the rest of the way for you and there she is, kneeling before you in her full glory. Incredibly beautiful.

"Oh, my!" I whisper. "Katie..."

My hands caress her hips, unsure what to do next. Slowly she moves up between my legs and I part them for her, raising my knees. As she lays forward on top of me, my hands slide to her shoulder blades and caress them. Her hair cascades like a waterfall around my face, creating a curtain hiding me from the rest of the world and only Katie's beautiful face, with it's sensual lips moving ever closer towards mine, can be seen. The feeling of her bare breasts pressing into mine makes me breathe deeply, and the new sensation of her sex as its forest of silk brushes mine and its heat mingles with the heat of mine makes me gasp.

"Oh, Katie," I hiss, as her hips begin to move, rubbing her mound against mine. Then her mouth covers mine and I am cast into a world of exquisite silence. For long minutes, maybe even an hour, our two bodies move together as one. From above the scene is beautiful, her naked back and buttocks moving around and our legs all entwined. My hands moving up and down her body, stopping often to clutch the firm but smooth mounds of her bottom, and her hands lost in my hair as we kiss passionately. The heat of my sex builds as her motion creates a sensual friction but her motion alone isn't enough to make me come. When she breaks the kiss and comes up for air she looks deep into my lust-filled eyes.

"Do you want more, Carrie?"

Still panting, I gasp a reply. 

"Yes, Katie! Please! Make love to me!"

I feel her hands as they spread across my chest, working their way down to my breasts. She clutches them softly, kneading them. She pinches my nipples with her fingers, just hard enough to make me moan deep in my throat, an animal growl of lust and passion, and then she lowers her mouth to them once more and suckles like a baby at the source of my milk. I feel her pulling and tugging like an infant would to draw nourishment from its mother, as if she is trying to draw the nourishment of love from my heart. Her efforts are certainly producing results as the warmth and wetness of my sex grows rapidly. Slowly she works her way downwards from my breasts leaving them tender and moist. I shudder as I feel her chin brush through the thick pelt of my mound. Her mouth places soft kisses all around my sex, across the top of my triangle, then down the inside of my left leg and up the inside of my right, ever so close to my blossoming lips. I quake and quiver as she teases my womanhood in her passion. I raise my hips to show her that I want more and she lays on her stomach between my legs. Wrapping her hands over the tops of my legs she coaxes them apart, spreading my already excited labia completely open. She can see into the depths of my body and she is hungry for what is inside. I feel her cheeks as she snuggles with my sex, gently stimulating me. Her lips brush against my labia, gently parting them, then rub over my clitoris. Up and down she does this, ever so tenderly, allowing my arousal to build. Occasionally her tongue will flick the button of my clitoris or slide between my lips, sending another jolt through my body and mind. I softly lay my hand on the back of her head and whisper her name, my voice husky with the passion I feel. She raises her head and I caress her cheeks with my fingers. She kisses them and nuzzles my hand before returning to her work.

I scream out in surprise and pleasure as I feel her tongue plunge straight down into me. I can feel it as it wriggles its way into my vagina and her lips press against my labia and clitoris. This sudden explosion of pleasure almost triggers an orgasm and pushes me right to the edge. She pulls her tongue back and begins to draw circles around my clitoris. I writhe and pump against her as she builds up speed. Again she plunges her tongue deep inside me and I cry out. This time I feel something give way inside my loins and I thrust my sex hard into her face. My bottom rises into the air as I writhe and hump against her face and I call out her name as I begin to come. She licks rapidly at my clitoris and I feel her slide two fingers inside my vagina as I buck and writhe under her. The pleasure of the invasion strengthens my orgasm and I writhe and squirm as they wriggle inside me. I feel the walls of my canal clamping and squeezing on her fingers as I come again and again. In reaction to my pleasure my hand shoots down to cover hers and I push at it, forcing it in harder and deeper. I pull her in as far as she will go as I climax for the third time. I can feel her inside as my sex grips her tightly over and over again.

"Katie! Oh, god, my darling Katie!" I cry out, trying to restrain the volume but finding it difficult.

Her tongue continues to flutter against my clitoris until she hears my cries and she lifts her head to watch me, my back and neck arching as I thrust upwards in the throes of orgasm.

"Carrie, you're so beautiful! Come, my sweet Carrie. Come for me. I love you!"

Her words of love trigger another explosion inside my body and mind and I spill more of my juices onto her bed, coating her fingers and hand. She continues to pump her hand, with my help, and she whispers sweet words of love to me. The world goes dark around me and all I can think of, all I can feel, is the feeling of her inside me and the sweetness of her words.

I wake some time later with Katie still between my legs, her cheek resting against my furry sex as she sleeps. Gently, so as not to startle her, I start to caress her head, running my fingers through her hair. She begins to rouse with a soft moan. Slowly she gets up and crawls up beside me on the right and lies down, wrapping her arms around me. I pull the covers back over us and I embrace her fully, pulling her sensual form against my aching body. I've felt nothing like what she did to me before. My whole perception of love and pleasure has changed in one night as I hold the first person who has shown me the way to the secret delights of lovemaking, who has shown me how it should be between two lovers. She rolls onto her back and I lay my head against one of her breasts. It feels so soft, like when I massage one of my own, but, somehow, different. I let my hand and fingers explore her small mound of flesh but soon I find myself curious about what she had done to me and I lift my head and begin to kiss round her aureole and nipple. For the first time I feel the roughness of a woman's firm nipple in my mouth and the feeling sends tingles through my body. As I kiss and lick I hear her moaning softly in her throat. I tug at her nipple with my teeth, biting it gently, and she cries out. I rub and suckle at her other breast, sucking, licking, nibbling, and rolling the hard buds of her nipples roughly in my fingers. She moans my name, over and over.
