 In the previous chapter  Fact or Fiction  with my lovers called back to war, I was left standing on the steps waving them Goodbye. If you haven't read that chapter then may I suggest you do so. Again many thanks to all those offering encouragement: The one problem being, is the more encouragement I get, the longer my episodes become.

*

It all started about midday, I was busy cleaning the house when the phone rung. It was the local post office saying they had some letters for me, and would I like to come and collect them, as they had been there over a week. Hearing this news I cussed since it meant getting dressed, for as we all know I enjoyed nothing better then working around the house either in the nude or wearing just the skimpiest pair of panties or perhaps a thong.

Deciding to do my weekly shop at the same time, I first made for the post office, where I picked up the usual junk mail plus a bundle of at least a dozen letters. Throwing these in the back of the car, I continued my way to the supermarket before heading home.

At home having put away the shopping, 'boring' and made myself a cup of coffee, I made myself comfortable in the living room and began to read the letters. Several were addressed to my father, mainly to do with bills etc; a couple from long distant friends and the remainder being love letters either from father or Chris since he was becoming very fond of me and reading between the lines of a letter from daddy, was thinking of asking me to marry him.

There was one letter however that intrigued me; it was from Chris himself asking for revealing photographs of me. They wasn't directly for him, but to be mascots for his company; apparently the way I had said goodbye to him on that fateful morning had got around the battalion and, every since Chris had taken up with me their luck had changed. My pose was to be revealing but in a delicate way since anything blatant would be immediately rejected by the senior officers.

This request posed two problems; one I didn't have a decent camera and two, who the hell could I get to develop and print the film. Mulling this over for a couple of days I came up with the ideal solution. For months I had thought about buying myself a modern computer, but had always put the idea off, now I had the real need of one; for I had read all about 'capturing yourself on camera, then sending your loved ones the images over the net etc:' Having 'tarted' myself up and armed with a list of my needs I made my way to the local computer store and sussed out the bargains.

I shrewdly wandered about the store, looking at the bargains, and then once my mind was made up I seeked my prey. A young man who seeing a pretty young piece of 'skirt', would do anything to make a sale: It took some persuading and a lot of flattery but eventually I got my way; a top of the range laptop with printer, camera, leads, external speakers etc; and free home setup for less than 800 pounds, the salesperson even threw in a 1.3 Megapixel webcam.

Sure enough the following day an engineer came and set up the computer in no time, attaching everything, even the webcam. He needed an Instant Messenger (IM) name for me and I came up with ~~~~~~~. He added his name to the Yahoo menu and even IM himself to show me how it worked. I wasn't sure if my friends used Yahoo but I'd figure it out.

For kicks I took the pc and all its gear up into my bedroom, using my dresser as a desk I linked up the camera, set it to webcam and looked at myself. This was so cool; I've got to get my friends interested in using webcam. For the next few hours I took various intimate shots of my body and paraded myself in front of the camera looking for that elusive shot; eventually I found one and saved it. Now came the more difficult part, how do I get these shots to Chris; I could always email them to him, but didn't know his address or I could 'burn' them to a disk and post it; it was however the rumbling in my stomach that interrupted my thoughts, looking at the clock it was almost midnight. "Surely I haven't been here all this time", thought I as I shutdown the pc.

The following morning it all became clear to me, all I really needed to do was phone daddy's barracks and ask if he had an email address, saying I wanted to send to him something urgent. A few hours later they, so as to be sure of my authenticity asked me to send them an email, then they would reply with both a gateway address and daddy's email address. I was getting excited now, for I had climbed the first rung of the ladder; all I had to do now was talk daddy into giving me Chris' email address, if he had one of course.

Whilst waiting for daddy's reply, I started to take very and I mean very intimate shots of my body; they ranged from close-ups of my clit and pussy to shots of me masturbating myself with one foot on a stool. After several hours daddy came back with the reply I wanted. Yes Chris did have an email address and he would love to hear from me. Again it was too late in the day to start thinking about sending emails so I got myself something to eat, watched some TV before going to bed; again my mind asked "Where has all the time gone".

Come morning I placed all my shots in a folder, before composing my first email letter to Chris. In it I asked him directly if he wanted to marry me, if so, I would only accept his offer only if we could keep the present status quo. I also told him about the webcam and asked what messenger service he used if any. As this was my first email I kept my letter very tight and very brief.

Having repositioned the webcam, I knelt on the bed with my legs apart, imagining I was straddling my lover's hips. The tip of my rabbit ran along the inside of my thighs as I looked at myself on the screen, this visual sensation only heightened my need to have the toy inside of me. It trailed up to my hardened clit and hummed along its swollen pinkness. I moaned out loud as it sent wave after wave of pleasure through me. All of my muscles tensed and my body shook with desire as I moved it between my legs.

I held it under my dripping pussy, raising and lowering myself onto the pulsating toy. It began to rub and tickle my clit, gently at first, but with more intensity as I adjusted the buttons on the sex wand. My fingers explored the folds of my pussy as my friend re-acquainted its self within my throbbing pussy. I lunged up and down on it, there was no need to for the machine was quiet capable, but I had to do something. The deeper it went, the further I wanted it inside of my dripping walls. All the muscles in my body seemed to tense up at once, readying themselves for the impending orgasm. It felt as if I would explode. Everything in me begged for release, but I didn't want it to end.

I began to slow down the vibrator's thrusts before removing it from my sopping pussy. I dragged it along my stomach leaving trails of honey as it bounced along the tense sinews it found there, before it trailed to my breasts. The moistness of my juices still lingered on its shaft. It felt warm to the touch as I traced my nipples with the tip of the wand then with its ears; again I imagined it was the hot saliva of my lovers' mouths as they wrapped their lips around my breasts.

I let my hand continue to massage my clit until I knew I could wait no longer. I spread my lower lips wide with my fingers before thrusting the vibrator back inside. It was an incredible and long awaited pleasure. My hips bucked wildly on top of the toy as it hummed furiously inside of me. I pinched and tugged at my nipples with my free hand. Then using a pillow to hold my friend in place, I pinched and tugged at my nipples with both hands. My breath quickened as my nails dug into the tender flesh of my bosom. The sudden pain was all that salvaged my sanity during the orgasms that overtook me. Each time I came and thought I was spent, another wave of euphoria crashed over me. The juices flowed from my pussy in torrents onto the pillow and bedspread. I collapsed onto the mattress, panting and covered in sweat and my own nectar. I lay there a while unable to move, whilst my friend slowly extracted itself from my sopping cunt.

Recovered I went over to the pc and replayed the last scene, it was incredible, the autofocus on the webcam had captured all my movements, ok there was some frame jitter but the content was there. Thinking of my lovers I saved this to disk, for I'm sure they would enjoy it at some later date.

A couple of days later, I received Chris' reply to my letter; in it he told me that he had asked father if he could marry me and we could keep the status quo. It also went on saying that they used Yahoo messenger and continued to explain how to set up a secure account. Last but not least was a big Thank You from Chris' company thanking me for the photo and could they have more. (Cheeky beggars)

So armed with all the details I curtailed my Yahoo account so only Chris and a couple of others would have access, I then copied all my recent cams to its online folder. Chris' last request was to make certain changes to my pc so I was able to leave it and messenger 'online'

At 6:00 the next morning I was woken by a 'ping' from the pc. Bleary eyed I peeked over at the screen. A few seconds later Chris' name popped up on the viewers watching list. Seeing nobody there I got out of bed and went for my morning shower.

Chris couldn't believe his eyes when he saw me walk by wearing just a towel. I wandered by a few more times. He could see my hair was wet. Chris found himself talking out loud. "Drop the towel, please, drop the bloody towel;" as I dried my hair in front of the mirror. But to no avail his words went unheard.

After what seemed to be a lifetime Chris sighed relief when I stooped to open a drawer. Chris loved how my hair looked when it wasn't in my standard ponytail. And then it happened. The towel fell to the floor.

Chris practically stopped breathing as he stared at my naked figure; just in time he clicked the 'save image' button before my nakedness disappeared a second later for I was now out of shot. Thinking quickly Chris wrote a note, 'Turn your sound up' and left it propped in front of his camera for me to see.

Glancing at the screen I adjusted the volume control as requested before plopping myself in front of the mirror. My nipples were erect from excitement, could Chris had been watching. For the first time that day my hand slid between my legs and I began to masturbated myself, and it felt good, really good. Looking at my own webcam on the screen, now saw what he was seeing for the notice had been removed. I fought the urge to look into the cam and tried to focus on something else; which I couldn't.

Chris still off camera watched and listened intently as I abused myself. He watched my pretty face slowly contort as I approached my goal. Somehow his cock found its way out of his pants and he was rapidly stroking it. Chris now looking directly at the screen noticed me look at him, it was then and only then we spoke to each other; for each willed each other to come in unison.

We both knew this voyeur moment wouldn't last; for soon the cries of "YES! YES! Fucking YES!" screamed through both speakers as we watched each other come.

Chris loved what he saw. I was a bit disappointed for not seeing Chris' contorted face, but there again I was so out of it everything was a blur.

Over the next week our mutual abuse continued. I would sometimes masturbate out of focus and even go a day without giving Chris anything to see, my voice being his only inducement. Chris was hooked; how much he'd give to be able to put his cock inside me and inject me with one of the hundred loads he had already unloaded just thinking of me. Over the days that followed Chris talked me into setting up a wireless network, so I could take the camera and laptop around the house.

Apart from abusing myself or doing the housework; I was spending more and more time playing with my new toy. For it had given me a new interest. In the past when I used the internet, my old pc took hours to download the pages I was interested in, with this one it took a matter of seconds. Having transferred my files over from my old pc, I flashed through my favourites. The capabilities of this new pc seemed endless. I even took to masturbating to some of the free online videos, a thing I had never done before.

~~~~~

One day, completely out of the blue Izzy; an old school friend rang telling me she was in the area and could she come and stay with me. Initially I was overjoyed because it brought back fond memories of our recent holiday together and it would be nice for me to have some company, then reality set in, for it meant I would have to wear some clothes and forget about my self abuse for the time being.

Late the next afternoon Izzy arrived. Having greeted her I immediately took her up to the quest bedroom, showed her where the toilet and shower were before leaving her to unpack whilst I made us a pot of coffee. By following the aroma of fresh coffee Izzy found her way to the kitchen.

Its not that our house is complicated, it's just huge; for not only are there front stairs for the guests; but back stairs for the now defunct servants; in fact daddy has been approached several time by property dealers asking him to sell but has always turned them down.

After a good long chat, filling in the details we missed on holiday, I took Izzy on a tour of the house, she was absolutely amazed that I lived alone in this place, but when I told her I had fond memoirs of my mother living here, she understood perfectly. By this time it was getting late so I suggested we ate out.

"My treat" cried Izzy then continued to say "After all you are putting me up.

Quickly I phoned a really good local restaurant and made a reservation for two at 9, followed by a call to the local taxi service to pick us up about 8:30; we then hurried up stairs to get ready. As Izzy was disappearing into her room I told her to put on something special.

Following their showers:- Sarah's five foot four inch frame was tightly sheathed in a black evening gown that left little to the imagination. Her figure was lush, with lovely, soft curves in all the right places, but in profile her belly was flat with only a slight rounding just above her pubic bone, which showed prominently through the clinging material of the dress. The cloth of the dress clung lovingly to her shoulders, sweeping low across the tops of her breasts and dipping to a daring depth between them. If you got close enough, you'll be able to see her navel through the cleft.

Izzy's five foot eight inch frame was similarly attired in black, though her dress clung less tightly to her slender hips and torso. She had elected not to wear a bra, her 32DD breasts pushed her aureoles and tiny nipples fetchingly against the gauzy fabric of her gown, whose high neckline provided an excellent backdrop for a lovely diamond and ruby pendant. Her long platinum hair was gathered at the back of her head in a severe bun that made her look very elegant while highlighting her long, slender neck, and delicate ears. She wore no other jewellery, the effect was stunning.

Both ladies wore high heels which shaped their calves, highlighted tantalisingly by the slits running down one side of each skirt.

I was the first to arrive in the living room, so making myself useful I poured ourselves a couple of stiff drinks and waited for Izzy. Well when we both saw each other we just laughed for this was becoming surreal, for again we were of the same mind, we first did it on holiday and now we were doing it again. Being too late to change we toasted each other on our choice and awaited the arrival of the taxi.

Our entry to the restaurant was spectacular, the maître d' couldn't do enough for us, and I'm sure some of the older customers thought we were a couple of tarts for their eyes followed us everywhere.

For the duration of the meal, I tried to keep the conversation light, but Izzy kept on about had I a recent boyfriend, how did I spent my time at home etc; invariably we always slipped back into talking about sexual matters, leaving plenty of opportunity for titillating innuendo and sexual metaphors. Izzy and I by now were highly intoxicated after consuming at least four bottles of wine, blushed prettily at the thoughts that were evoked, and contributing our own double entendres and risqué anecdotes.

After dessert, we were served each with a glass of excellent brandy, along with our coffee. By now , both very drunk, we asked the waiter to order us a taxi.

Stumbling through the front door I turned to Izzy and asked. "Do you want to make love with me?"

Izzy's face lit up with a smile as she replied, "It's a little sudden, but yes, I would love to."

I leaned over and kissed Izzy on the cheek, taking my arm from Izzy's shoulder I lifted Izzy's chin with the pad of my forefinger. Slowly, gazing passionately into her eyes, I leaned over and kissed her gently. Her mouth opened to greet me, and her arms slipped around my neck as my tongue slowly entered her mouth. She moaned into my mouth and pressed urgently against me. Turning her by the shoulders until she was facing away from me, I slowly pulled the tab of her zipper to its stop and slipped the fabric of the dress off one shoulder, taking care to use the flat of my hand whenever I touched her so I wouldn't set off her tickle reflexes. I firmly, but gently, kissed the curve of her neck where it met her slender shoulder, sending a shudder through her body. I repeated the procedure on the other side, this time eliciting a low moan, as I gently bit the soft flesh of her shoulder. With the front of the dress still hiding her chest, I slipped my hands underneath her arms inside the fabric, and engulfed her breasts, warming them in the palms of my hands.

Izzy's hands came up and cupped mine from outside the fabric, pressing them more firmly to her chest. Returning to the other shoulder, I kissed and bit softly, just letting her feel the pressure of my teeth, while rolling her tiny nipples between thumb and forefinger. Izzy moaned and wrapped one arm around my neck as I continued to nibble at her neck and shoulders, her other hand pulling mine tighter to her breast, her buttocks grinding against me through the diaphanous cloth.

I gently forced Izzy's arms to her sides, and slid the dress off her arms, letting it fall to puddle around her feet. To my utter delight, she too wore a garter belt and stockings, surmounted by a sheer lacy panty that was cut high on the sides, and only covered about half of her slender buttocks. I didn't take a lot of time admiring her, since I didn't want her standing there, cold and alone, too long. Resuming my position behind her, I pulled her close against me by reaching across the front of her body to recapture her tiny nipple with my left hand, while slipping the flat of my right hand down to cover her mound. Izzy gasped and when her head lolled back against my shoulder, I took her right earlobe between my lips and nibbled at it gently, sending chills down her spine.

"Undress me?" I whispered into Izzy's ear.

Reluctantly, she stepped clear of the ring of dress fabric, showing off a pair of long, slender legs that any model would have killed for. Fumbling from nervousness, lust, and drunkenness she repeated the actions I had performed upon her until we were both standing naked in the hallway. Together like young lovers we made our way upstairs to my bedroom. Looking over my shoulder at Izzy, with an 'are you coming?' glance, Izzy's face seemed to radiate a light of its own.

From this angle, I could see moisture seeping through the crotch of her scant panties. I reached past her knees and slowly peeled the garment down her legs, holding it to my nose and sniffing the delicate aroma. Dropping her panties, I quickly pushed Izzy onto the bed before slipping out of mine, and knelt beside her on the bed, my pussy squelching with each time I moved. Izzy reached for it, but I gently forced her hands up and back, whispering, "Pretend they're tied there!"
