 Kymona POV

It's been months since I've spoken to Jazz. Ever since she acted like she didn't know me, I played the disappearing act. She's called, text and left voicemails, but I ignore them all. I haven't even bothered to open the messages, that way she wouldn't see I've read them. All she's doing is playing games and I'm not with that. While she blew up my phone day and night, I went back to the old me. I focused on moving into my house, keeping up with work and meeting different women. One night stands had been my specialty and I'm getting back to that. I know the shit sounds fucked up, but hey it works for me. I thought I would be settling down at this point, but obviously that shits for the birds. Women today are looking for the fast shit and I want the real shit. 

Y'all can call me crazy for still having feelings for this girl, but I really feel like I fell for her. Granted I'm ignoring her like crazy, but I refuse to give her the idea that I'm lonely and need her. I already told y'all I'm not about that weak shit. At the end of the day she did something that no woman on this earth ever could. She made me feel. I've never been with a woman and thought about having a future with them. It was always about the sex at first. It never mattered to me how fat the ass was, how high her titties sat up or none of that. I'm not saying that Jazmine isn't beautiful, I'm just saying it was more than that with her. I wanted to know her beyond her physical attributes. Being around her made me feel like I could tell her anything. Although her mouth said one thing, her aura told me another story. Anyways, I know y'all are tired of hearing this sappy, sentimental stuff. I never was like this...damn what is she doing to me? I have to finish moving my things out of the penthouse, so I'll get at y'all later. 

Jazz POV

Jaylen has been harassing my nerves more than usual lately. Usually it was sweet messages with random dick pics, now it's constant dick pics and freaky messages. We had a long talk the day Kymona brought me home and it didn't seem like anything got through to his thick skull. I told him that if we were to continue, he needs to learn how to be a gentleman and learn things about me. He could barely even pay attention to the conversation because he was either staring at my chest or looking at his phone. When he did catch pieces of the conversation he gave me these half-assed responses and a bunch of empty promises. I fucked up when I somehow let him coax me into having sex with him. It was worse than I could remember. I felt like I was in a porn flick with a lot of terrible acting. He was constantly asking me to call him daddy and say certain shit. 

I tried to coach him on doing the things I knew what put me on edge, but his simple ass wasn't getting the picture. I found myself lying there thinking about Kymona and the way she paid attention to every inch of my body. I thought about the way she took her time with me and made me feel like it was all about me. Thinking about her lips and hands on me was the only way I was even able to cum. I thought I was gonna have to fake it, but thinking of her made the real shit happen. I know what y'all are thinking, but you're wrong. I only thought about her during sex because sex with her was bomb. I won't say I haven't missed her because I did. I rarely had any female friends and being around her made me feel comfortable. We had a real talk the first night I stayed there and she listened to me ramble on and on and she never interrupted me. 

I really wish she would accept my calls and understand that I would like to be friends. Then again after what I said a few months back I could understand her not wanting to be friends. I was a complete bitch to her and I deserve to be ignored by her, but I won't tolerate it. I left messages on her phone, but I never thought to leave them at the front desk at the hotel. Ky had to speak to me, at least she should hear me out and let me apologize. I was going to call the hotel, but going there would be better. That way I know they wrote down the right message. 

Kymona POV

I've been waiting for months to move into my house and now I finally get to. All I have to do is move the rest of my things out the penthouse and start my new journey in my new home. I would have to make a couple trips to move it all out, but it's worth it. I refused to pay movers to do something I could do for myself. Just when I was making a third trip to my car, I heard a voice saying they want to leave a message for me. I look up to see Jazz talking to the hotel manager. She was in a pair of form fitting, high-waisted royal blue pants, black Timberlands and a black low cut, long sleeve shirt. Her hair was curled at the ends and she look like she barely had any makeup on. A natural beauty is always hard to compete with. I stood there admiring her from afar before I realized she had seen me. She looked at me for awhile before she started to walk over. I wanted to be a cold-hearted bitch and walk by her, but my heart softened the minute I looked in those eyes. 

"Hey Kymona, I was just about to leave a message for you."

I'm not gonna make this easy on her so don't look for me to. "Well unfortunately you caught me. What can I do for you Ms. Piedmont?"

"Really Ky? I know what I did was fucked up and I've been trying to apologize ever since. Please just hear me out."

"I'm sorry, but I don't have time. If you stopped thinking about yourself for once, you'd see that I was in the middle of something."

"Are you leaving?"

"Yes I am."

"Like the state or the hotel?"

"The hotel. Now if you're done playing twenty questions I have things to do." I start to walk by her when she grabs me by the arm. This girl don't know I'll fuck her right in this lobby and think nothing of it. 

"Can I at least help you Ky? It'll be much faster plus I have my truck outside." She looked at me with pleading eyes. "Maybe we could get something to eat and talk for a minute. I'll pay."

"Since I need to get this shit done, fine." I pushed the cart in her direction and walked back over to the elevators. I'm doing all I can to avoid contact with this girl, but she's gonna make it difficult.

Jazz POV

Although she was giving me the cold shoulder, I was surprised that she let me help her let alone speak to me. We finished loading everything in the cars, picked up some food and headed to her new place. We pulled up in front of this beautiful two story home surrounded by a metal fence and a long driveway. It took us some time to unload everything, but when we finally did I started to feel nervous. I know I told her I want to talk, but I didn't know where to start or what I really wanted to say. We sat down in the kitchen to eat our food and before I could say anything Kymona was already giving me this weird look. 

"What?"

"Why are you constantly blowing me up?"

"I really want us to be friends."

"We talked about this Jazz. You know it's hard for me to be just your friend."

"I know, but I still want to try."

"What would your man think about us hanging out all the time?"

"Why would that matter to him? And he's still not really my man."

"Sure he's not."

"Kymona we're both adults..."

"I only see one adult in this room and that's me. You're a child trying to hide behind Ken dolls."

"Oh my gosh, I didn't come here to argue with you. I just wanted to apologize and be friends, but you too stuck in your hateful ways to grow the fuck up." I stood up getting ready to leave and I pushed my food on the floor. "Since I'm such a fucking child clean up after me." Before I could make it out the kitchen, she picked me up and slammed me against the wall. 

"Jazz have you lost your damn mind? Just because you like to disrespect yourself doesn't mean you can disrespect me and my shit." I don't know what it was about seeing her this heating, but the shit turned me on. I must be losing my mind for real because Ky was really making me feel some kind of way. I know what I told her in the past, but I couldn't think straight for nothing when I'm around her. I pulled her into me and started kissing her. I could tell she was contemplating on staying mad or going with the flow. She pushed away from me, anger still in her eyes. 

"Kymona what's the problem? Isn't this what you wanted?"

"Jazz you need to go."

"You know better than me that you don't want me to walk out that door." I got closer to her and pulled her into another kiss. She tried to fight it, but I wouldn't allow it to happen. I pushed her against the wall and bit at her lips, stripping her out of her clothes. Every so often she would try to put up a fight, but it never lasted long. 

"Jazz don't do this."

"You showed me what you could do last time. It's my turn now." I picked her up and sat her on the countertop. I took my time kissing and sucking on her nipples while I stepped out of my pants. Pulling her ass close to the edge of the counter I got down and started kissing her clit. Small kisses turned into me french kissing her wet pussy lips. I felt her hand grabbing for my hair as I listened to the soft moans escaping her lips. I leaned in closer putting my tongue in as deep as I could. 

"Oooh fuck Jazz," she yelled out. I looked up at her as I continued to eat her out. The feeling of being able to please another woman turned me on more. I made my tongue go as fast as it could wanting to taste more and more of her. She released the grip she had on my head and twisting at her nipples. I placed two of my fingers in her and kissed her before she could even get a sound out. 

"I knew this pussy didn't want me to leave." I added another finger in her. Fingering her as fast as I could. Her body jerked forward and she wrapped her arms around me. I had her practically screaming at this point. 

"Baby this shit feels so damn good." She started thrusting her hips forward.

"Yeah Ky fuck my fingers."

"Oh my fuuccckkk. Jazzzzz." She squealed in my ear just before she came. Before I could taste my fingers she had put them in her mouth and sucked them clean. In one quick motion she had grabbed my leg up, placing it on the counter and thrust her fingers in me. Every stroke caused me to lose my breath and scream for my dear life.

"Kyyyyyyy shhiiiitttt." 

"Take it Jazz. You know you want it." She dropped to her knees and started doing things with her tongue I didn't know were humanly possible. She made every nerve in my body jump and every bone in my body shake. Kymona was eating the fuck out of me and she knew it. I was grabbing at air and trying to endure the pleasure a little longer. She must have known what I was trying to do because the next thing I knew her fingers were attacking my g-spot.

"Aaaahhhhh damn Ky wait a minute. Don't make me cum yet fuucckkk don't make me cum yet." She ignored my request and continued until I squirted all my juices down her throat. She didn't miss a beat when it came to drinking it all up. She kissed me one last time before walking out the kitchen. 

I feel kind of guilty now. I know I initiated the sex, but it was the only way I knew both of us could come out on top of this situation. She's probably thinking this will turn into a relationship, which in turn makes her happy. With her thinking that I get to keep her as a friend and I get bomb ass sex. I still can't see myself being in a true relationship with her, but we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Knowing me I'll never give her a chance to get close to the damn bridge.