 Jazz POV

For most people what's in the dark comes to the light. As for me when it rains it storms. It's been years since I've seen my aunt and uncle. The last time I had seen them it was four years ago at my father's funeral and before that it was six years. Even then at the funeral I hadn't spoken to them. I could feel the tears starting to well up in my eyes.

"What are y'all doing here?"

"Is that how you greet your family back into town?" My uncle leaned in for a hug and I stepped back. "I see you've grown out, but not up."

"Hey Jazmine. Sweetheart you look beautiful." My aunt stood glaring at Kymona, but was speaking to me. "Who is your friend here? My name is Charlene, this is my husband Montell and this is our daughter Zhane."

Kymona extended her hand and was about to introduce herself, but I pulled her away before she could. There was nothing but silence in the air. All I could do was exchange deathly stares between my aunt and uncle. The only thing that softened the mood was looking at my cousin. No matter how far apart we were she would call me and tell me that I was her favorite cousin and how much she missed me.

"I'm going to ask y'all again. What are y'all doing here?"

"We came to check on your mother, my sister, to make sure she was doing alright. I'm trying to help her get back in the dating game."

"Charlene you're the last person she needs help from."

"Watch your mouth girl and respect your auntie."

"Kiss my ass Montell. Neither of y'all mean shit to me blood or not. Stay the hell away from me. Zhane you know how to reach me if you ever want to talk." I took off running with Kymona a few steps behind me. I just want them out of my life and for good. 

Kymona POV

I don't know what the hell happened, but Jazz didn't seem too thrilled to see her family. She took off running and I was right behind her. By the time I caught up to her she was already in her yard about to walk in the house. Damn that girl was fast. When I walked in she was pacing back and forth fuming. She looked like she was about to break at any moment. Everything in me wanted to console her and ask her what was wrong, but I didn't so I took a step back. 

"Ky I'm going to take a shower and call my mom. You can order whatever you want. I was going to cook, but I'm not in the mood right now. My mind is everywhere and I feel like the room is starting to spin out of control." She was speaking so fast and moving around so much it was hard for me to keep up.

"Hey come here calm down." I grabbed her and pulled her down to the couch. "Jazz just calm down and breathe. I can see that this situation is heavy and it's stressing you." I got her to control her breathing and relax a little bit. 

"Thanks."

"I'm your friend that's what I'm here for. Now go handle your business and I'll cook tonight. I'll make something that's healthy and gives you enough energy so we can talk shit." I got her to laugh a little bit and eased the tension. She got up and headed down the hall to her room. I walked around the house looking at all of her family pictures hanging on the walls. Going into the guestroom to gather my clothes for a nice hot shower, I found another photo album. I looked through it and I saw pictures of her when she was younger. Some of the other pictures were the everyday family portraits, pics from high school and random baby pics. As I continued to look I saw a few pictures of the same little girl we ran into today. Her and Jazz must have been really close because there were a lot of pictures of them in here. I put the photo album back where I found it and went to take my shower. Just before I was about to hop in the shower, I heard yelling coming from Jazmine's room. A few seconds later I heard things being thrown around the room and the sound of glass breaking. I rushed to her room, but the door was locked. 

"JAZZ!" I'm knocking hard as fuck and twisting the door handle, but she won't let me in. I find a knife in the kitchen and wedge it between the door to pry it open. I looked around and saw glass shattered everywhere and her phone tossed across the room. She was on the floor bawling her eyes out. Scratch marks from the shattered glass was all on her legs and arms. She never made it in the shower because she was still in her workout clothes. I picked her up and sat her on the bed. I felt so bad looking at how helpless she was and not knowing what to say to console her. I didn't want to pressure her into telling me so I did the next best thing and helped her to relax. I ran her a nice hot bubble bath, undressed her and sat her in the tub. As much as my hormones wanted to take over I knew there was a time and place for everything. Right now wasn't the time. I just wanted to take care of her and make sure she would be okay. 

Jazz POV

After running into my family at the park I needed to talk to my mother. She's the only other person that knew my workout plans on the weekend. That's the only way they could have found me. When I called her, the conversation didn't go as planned. Everything to an immediate left turn.

"Hey ma, uhm did you know that Charlene and Montell were back in town?"

"Yes I did. They came to stay with me awhile and they wanted to see you."

"Did it ever occur to you that maybe I didn't want to see them?"

"I'm not doing this with you, besides your cousin wanted to see you."

"So you still can't say it after all these years? You're really still in denial after all this time."

"Jazmine Jenay I'm not doing this shit with you today. Now your cousin wanted to see you and I told them where you were."

"My daughter wanted to see me, ma. Why can't you just say it?"

"Your cousin wanted..."

"MY DAUGHTER!! Zhane is my daughter not my cousin and you know it."

"Stop all that foolish talk child. You've always wanted attention since you were a child."

"Are you fuckin' kidding me right now? If anybody was always looking for attention it was you! That's why daddy left ya ass."

"No your father left because you drove a wedge between us. You just had to take ya lil fast ass out there and get pregnant."

"I got pregnant because you made a deal with Montell. Charlene couldn't get pregnant and he said that I looked just like her so why not use me as their "surrogate" mother. You told him yes in exchange for y'all sleeping together when you came to pick me up from staying with them. You sent me away for a year and a half and told people I was getting to know my family more."

"So if you knew the situation why do you act surprised?"

I pulled the phone away from my ear and just stared at it. This bitch couldn't even apologize for what she had done. "You don't feel the least bit sorry for what you did?"

"What I'm sorry for is agreeing to let Montell get you pregnant. That was supposed to be my baby, my man, my life. All your daddy did was work and give me you and your dumb ass brother. You can't keep a man and he can't keep a job. Had I been with Montell I would have had everything. So yes I made a deal with Montell in order to have pieces of him to myself."

With that I chucked my phone across the room. I broke my mirror, the vase I had on my desk and tossed my chair across the room. All I could feel was so much pain and anger after that conversation. It seemed like nothing ever got resolved when I spoke to her. The more I thought about the situation the more hurt I became. I missed out on seeing my daughter grow up. I had to go through her whole life just being her cousin and half the time I didn't even get to see her. I wanted nothing more than to have my daughter in my life, but my bitch ass mama done went along with the lie of that being Charlene's miracle baby. 

By the time Kymona had broke into my room I was already numb from crying. I know this wasn't the weekend I had planned for Kymona and I, but this shit had me drained. Ky, being the sweetheart that she is, drew me a hot bubble bath and helped me in. She came back with a glass of wine and told me to just relax. Since my tub and shower were separate, she hopped in my shower and washed up quickly before going to clean up my mess. After cleaning up she helped me out of the tub, dried me off, got me dressed and in the bed. I may have been distraught from the call I had with my mom, but I do know I was capable of doing things for myself. Although I could do things for myself, I appreciated her for taking her time with me and just being there for me. Not one time did she try to take advantage of me or pressure me into telling her what was wrong. Once the food was finished she brought me a plate and some more wine. She was about to go back in the guestroom until I stopped her.

"Can you stay in here with me please?"

"Are you sure? I don't want to overcrowd you."

"I could actually use the company."

When she came back with her food we were just sitting in silence at first. She tried to find something interesting on TV, but my mind kept going back to the phone call and all the time I missed out with my babygirl. After a while I decided to tell Kymona everything. I had never spoken to anybody about this before, not even my brother. Clearly my mom knew and that bitch wasn't trying to console me one bit so I needed to confide in someone else. 

Kymona POV

I sat and listened to everything that Jazz was so frustrated about. I honestly felt so bad for her, I mean what kind of mother would do that to her child? Now I understand why Jazz looked at the little girl like that earlier and why there are so many pictures of her. After telling me everything, she just broke down and started crying again. I pull her closer to me letting her lay her head on my shoulder. 

"So your dad never knew any of this?"

"No. He left because he found messages between my mama and Montell. They were trying to getting it in at my brother's high school graduation party."

"Wow."

"Yeah. Zhane doesn't even know I'm her mother. It hurts to have a child and they never get a chance to acknowledge you as their parent. I'm just glad she loves to be around me when she does see me though."

"Is there anyway you could get her back?"

"I've thought about it, but my lifestyle doesn't say anything about adding a child in the mix."

"What do you mean Jazz?"

"There's no man around to help me raise her. I couldn't do it by myself."

"The question is did you try?" She was silent. "I'm only saying this as a friend Jazmine, but the truth will hurt. You're making it seem like Zhane would feel uncomfortable with no man being around because, you don't feel comfortable without one."

"Is there a man here now?"

"You know what I mean. You feel like being with a man will define who you are as a person and being with one will make your life all the more perfect. You aren't even sure if that's true anymore. I can guarantee if Jaylen were here it wouldn't have been the same." 

She got quiet again. This time I decided to let the silence remain because she needed to think about what I said. I wasn't trying to be an asshole or kick her while she was down. I was just trying to give her something to think about. She eventually fell asleep and I went to clean up the dishes. Just as I was finishing up the dishes there was a knock at the door. It was two o'clock in the morning so I knew that it had to be Jaylen. To my surprise when I opened the door it wasn't...