 Kymona POV

I could really slap myself at this point. I know I still wanted her, but I still wanted to put up a fight. She just came in my house and fucked up my entire plan. For somebody that's not into that gay shit, she did one hell of a job. Then again she has been learning from the best. I left her in the kitchen and went to think for a minute in the living room. Jazz was throwing me off my game and I can't let that happen. I'm always in control when it comes to my women, but she's really fucking with my head. She found me in the living room and sat next to me fully clothed. 

"Jazz what are you doing?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why are you toying with me? You say you don't want a relationship, but you come over here and fuck me."

"Ky I've really missed you these past couple of months. I just think we should at least get to know each other a little more before being in a full blown relationship."

"So you're actually owning up to the fact that you're mine?"

"Did I say that? I'm not saying yes and I'm not saying no to being in a relationship. Look I have to go sweetheart, but you have the number. Please use it this time." She kisses my cheek and leaves. Although she didn't really answer my question, I still have a gleam of hope that she'll see things my way. Hopefully things can go smoother from here on out. For her sake I hope she isn't playing me. Not only would it break my heart, but it would also cause a world of hell for her. 

Jazz POV

I still feel kind of bad for tricking Kymona like that. I shouldn't have gotten her hopes up into thinking that we could possibly be together. Unfortunately sometimes you have to be manipulative in order to get what you want. I want her friendship and tongue, but I don't want the title of being her girlfriend. Call me a bitch if you want, but that shit doesn't fly in my family. It's bad enough I'm having sex with her, but to push it further and try to call it love is too much. 

The minute I pulled up in my yard, Jaylen was waiting by the door. I really don't feel like dealing with his needy ass today. Before I got out the car I checked my face in my phone camera. It's a good thing I did because some of Ky's lipstick was on my face. I don't need him to find anything on me and he starts that nagging shit. He tries to hug me when I walk up to the door, but I ignore him and open the door. 

"Well hey Jazmine."

"Hey."

"I've been calling you all day."

"Did it ever occur to you that I might have been busy?"

"What's your problem Jazmine?"

"Nothing. Why are you here?"

"I had a stressful day at work and I wanted to come by to ease my mind."

"Goodbye Jaylen." I start pushing him to the front door. He grabs my arms and forces me against the wall trying to kiss me. What part of goodbye did he not understand? 

"You know you want me to stay. Plus I actually wanted to talk to you about something."

"Fine. Say what you need to say and leave."

"I want to be official."

"Official with what?"

"Us. Me and you Jazz. I'm really falling for you girl. I've been thinking we should live together and start a family."

"Why would I agree to any of that? You aren't even a good boyfriend and now you want to be my baby daddy? Goodbye Jaylen and if you come over here unannounced again it's gonna be a problem." I pushed him out my house and closed the door in his face. I can't believe he just asked me for that. Jaylen only has one thing going for him and that's his business. Other than that he's inconsiderate, he still has yet to get to know me and he's just plain old boring. I really don't know why I'm still hanging on to him. Then again I do know why I'm hanging on to him. If I keep him around I won't have people thinking that Ky and I are an item and by keeping her around I get the best sex in the world. Who says you can't have your cake and eat it too?

Kymona POV

Ever since the day Jazz came to my house a few weeks ago we've been talking a little more and getting closer. Jazz can be a real sweetheart when she's not in a bitchy mood and putting her foot in her mouth. Lately if we couldn't talk on the phone we'd see each other through Skype. I was going along with her putting me in the friend zone for now, but I know eventually she will change her mind. Even though I was in the friend zone I didn't mind it at all. We talked about so many things and I just felt at ease with her. We've literally talked about everything and nothing. Do you know how funny it is to hear two grown ass woman debating over what cartoons were better? She really believed that Betty Boop looked better than Jessica Rabbit. I told her ass she was seriously blind because Jessica Rabbit had mad body. During one of our talks we decided that every other weekend we'd stay at each other's house and have a girls day. We stay about thirty minutes from each other so it wasn't much of a drive. This weekend was her turn to host.

I pulled up to her house and she was outside gardening. She was wearing a pair of black yoga pants and a blue Victoria's Secret PINK sports bra. Just looking at this woman got me horny. At that moment all I could think about was making her mine. I can't continue to be just her friend. Will I go through with it? Yes, but I don't know how much longer I'll be able to fight it. She didn't notice me pull up so I honked the horn.

"Wassup Jazz?"

"Bitch you scared me, but you're just in time."

"For what?"

"I was about to go for a run, but got sidetracked with the weeds growing around my plants. Now that you're here I don't have to go by myself."

"I didn't come here to workout crazy. I came to relax, drink some wine and talk shit. Plus I don't have any workout clothes."

"Here," she hands me her house keys, "my bedroom is the third door on the left. Go find something, I'll bring your bags inside."

"Do I have to?"

"Kymona." She glared at me and pointed to the house door. I grabbed the keys and went inside. I went in her room and started rummaging through her drawer to find something to wear. I found different kinds of vibrators and dildos stuffed under some pants. There must have been five of each in there. All of them different shapes and sizes. 

"Hey I put your bags in the guest..." Jazz saw me holding one of the dildos in my hand.

"Are you that lonely or does your boy Jaylen really suck in bed?"

She laughed and tackled me down to the floor until she was able to pry it out of my hands. "I sent you in here to get clothes, not play with my toys you pervert." She handed me some clothes and pointed me to the bathroom on the other side of her room. I really don't want to go for this run, but if I get to see that ass jumping in those yoga pants and sweat rolling down her spine I'm all for it. 

Jazz POV

I had a feeling she would find my toys in here, but I was hoping that I was wrong. I know she would like nothing more than to see me fuck myself with one of those toys. I entertained the idea of tormenting her with such a sight when she came out the bathroom, but I really needed to go on this run. I couldn't be with anybody if I didn't get my body right and I refuse to fall off on my exercising rituals. She came out the bathroom looking like a child that didn't want to stay with her annoying grandparents for the weekend. I pulled her by the arm and lead her out of the house. 

During the run Kymona had a hard time keeping up with me. I mean she wasn't that far behind me, but she was still lagging. It was dead silence, not awkward, but silent nonetheless. I decided to play some music to help motivate me further in the run. To my surprise she caught up to me and started humming to the music. I have to admit hearing her hum made me feel at ease. 

"I didn't know you could sing, Ky."

"There's a lot of things you don't know."

"That's because we haven't been friends very long."

"I said there was a lot you didn't know, I never said it had to be about me." 

"So what are you trying to say Ky?" I stopped running to face her. 

"I'm saying you don't know much of anything." She circled around me and said into my ear. "I'm saying you're kind of dumb." She smacked my ass and took off running. Within no time I caught up to her and jumped on her back. She spun around until we fell on the grass laughing.

"Fact, I ran track in high school and college. You'll never outrun me." She sat down with her head tossed back, resting on her elbows. I couldn't help but notice the way the sunlight hit the beads of sweat on her body just right. I watched as the sweat slid from her face, down to her long neck ending in the crease of her breasts. The rise and fall of her chest had me hypnotized. The longer I looked at her the more attractive she became. I'm really trying to chill on the sexual shit but it's getting harder and harder to ignore. She almost caught me staring at her, but luckily I turned my head just in time.

"How is it you aren't out of breath Jazz?"

"I know how to control my breathing when I run."

"Fuck all that. You're just in good shape. I'm getting too old and lazy to do these hardcore sprints and shit." I made her stand up so we could stretch and get ready to head back to the house. As we were stretching I felt a pair of hands on my ass. I thought it was Kymona until I saw her stretching her arms in front of her. I jumped up and saw my worse fears staring me in the face. There stood my aunt, uncle and my little cousin.

"What are y'all doing here?"