 I woke up the next morning naked in Kymona's bed. I don't remember coming in here last night. I looked around hoping to find that t-shirt she had given me, but I couldn't find it. I found a blue silk robe hanging on the back of the door and put it on. Before leaving out of the room, I looked outside to see if the rain had stopped. It wasn't raining at the moment, but I could tell that it would be on and off for the remainder of the day. I headed out of the room to look for Kymona. Walking into the living room, I found my phone still on the charger. The fire from the fireplace was put out, but the blankets from last night were on the couch. Did she sleep out here? I could hear the faint sounds of jazz music coming from another room. I grabbed my phone from the floor and followed the sounds of the music. I wound up in the kitchen only to find Kymona setting up a breakfast spread. She was wearing a pair of basketball shorts and a tank top. By the looks of it she wasn't wearing any under clothes. Her hair was put into a messy ponytail, but it was cute nonetheless. 

"Morning."

"Good morning sleepy head. You sleep okay?"

"Yeah I did, but how did I end up in your bed?"

"I took you in there last night."

"You carried me?"

"Yes I did. You was knocked out so you didn't know anything. I couldn't let you sleep on the floor."

"Where did you sleep?"

"On the couch. I didn't want to overwhelm you after your first night."

"Oh okay. It smells good in here."

"Thanks. I've got a bowl of fresh mixed fruit, blueberry pancakes, with a cheese, ham and spinach omelette and a mimosa to wash it all down."

"Damn that sounds good."

"It is. Go get cleaned up and by time you come back everything should be ready." 

Kymona told me where I could find an extra toothbrush and that a fresh washcloth and towel should be in the bathroom already. She also told me to help myself to any of her clothes. I took a quick shower and moisturized my body with some cocoa butter I found on her dresser. I searched her drawer until I found another pair of basketball shorts and a shirt. I don't see my under clothes so I guess she's washing them for me. When I walked back into the kitchen she had everything set at the table. She was sitting down eating and scrolling through her phone when I walked in. I sat down, did a silent prayer and proceeded to dig in. My God was that food good. I was halfway through my plate when I looked up and noticed her smiling at me.

"I'm glad you like it."

I blushed. "I'm sorry, I just really love food and this is sooo good."

"I told you it would be." 

My phone buzzed twice letting me know I had a new message. I looked at it only to see six new messages and four missed calls. It was Saturday so I know it couldn't be work because I have the weekends off. I looked through the messages to see they were from Jaylen. The missed calls were from him too.

"Boyfriend?"

"Huh?"

"Is that your boyfriend?"

"Oh, no it's not. Just this guy I've been talking to for awhile."

"Must've been good."

"What?"

"The sex, it must've been good."

"Excuse you, but what makes you think I slept with him?"

"No guy that isn't ya man would be blowing up your phone like that if you didn't give him some."

"I don't think that's any of your business."

"You're right it's not, but I know you slept with him and I know it wasn't as good for you as it was for him."

"Kymona I don't have to discuss my personal life with you. Whether we slept together or not is none of your concern."

"Once again you're right. I'm just saying for a guy to blow you up and you not even try to return one of his calls says a lot. What's he like?"

"If you must know he's a nice guy, he's smart and he owns his own car dealership. We've been talking for a few months now." 

I don't know why I'm even explaining all this to her. I just met her and she's grilling me about who's hitting up my line. I went back to scrolling through my phone and she finished her food. I read through the messages that Jaylen sent me and they were all the usual stuff. He wanted to come over to "clear his head" last night, then when he didn't get a response he messaged back never mind. This morning was a text saying good morning and he hopes I have a good day, then came the random dick pics. I don't know why I was defending Jaylen to Kymona when I knew I was growing tired of him. In the beginning he was such a sweetheart and he still has his moments, but at the same time he could be such an ass. I decided not to respond to the messages and finished my breakfast. 

"Now I know the sex was lame for sure now."

"Excuse you?!"

"I'm a straightforward person Jazz so I'll just come out and say it."

"Please do."

"This Jaylen can't be as smart as you make him out to be. You've been talking for months now and he has yet to claim you. That's a stupid move on his part. It makes it easier for someone else to come in and claim you."

"Claim me? I'm not some sort of prize Kymona. I'm a human being and I choose who I want to be with at the end of the day."

She was literally starting to annoy me the way she was digging into my personal affairs. I got up from the table and placed my dishes in the sink. If I sat there any longer I just may have thrown the rest of my drink in her face. I headed back to the room and made a call to Triple A. They told me they couldn't come until Monday because of some bullshit. What kind of shit is that? I refuse to waste money on a cab so I guess I'm stuck here. I went and peered out the window, watching the rain come down. I heard the door open and I knew she was in the room. I could hear her rustling through the drawers for something. 

"Jazz, I didn't mean to upset you. I was just speaking on what I know."

"And what exactly do you know?"

"I know that you're not feeling Jaylen anymore. I know he's not the type of person that you need."

"How would you know that? Nobody, besides me, knows what I need."

"Sure I do. You need someone to be there for you in every way. You need someone that's in tune with your every move. You need someone that knows what makes you happy and what you like without having to tell them." 

"So why not ask me what Jaylen does for me instead of asking about his bedroom performance?"

"Sex tells you everything you need to know. It's all about body language. Tell me, did he take his time with you?"

I didn't answer.

"Did he make sure you were comfortable? Did he only do enough to satisfy himself and call it quits? Did he ever take one night and make it just about pleasing you and not worry about himself?"

I still didn't answer. With every question I could tell she was getting closer to me. Before I knew it she was standing directly behind me. Her 5'6" frame standing above my 5'4" frame. I hate to admit it, but she was right. Jaylen barely took his time with me. Last night was the first time in a long time I had enjoyed sex. I still didn't know how to answer her questions so I continued looking out the window in silence. 

"If he can't do any of that for you sexually, then he's a selfish man. If he can't satisfy you in bed, then what makes you think he will in any other aspect? He's all about himself and that's all it would ever be."

"Why do you care? I just met you and made the mistake of sleeping with you last night."

"Was it a mistake? Or do you now feel like you have to make a choice between Jaylen and me?"

"What makes you think you're even in the running to be with me?"

"Trust me sweetheart I always get what I want. Besides I can tell by your body language that you're receptive to me. You try to put up this front and push me away, but when I kiss your neck you shiver. When I use my tongue to play with your ear, you bite your lip and when I touch you, your breath quickens."

"Last night I was a little tipsy. Let's not forget the bottle of wine we had."

"Oh so you mean if I were to do this..."she shoved her hands insides my shorts and started massaging my clit, "You wouldn't feel anything?" 

Damn it if I didn't get wet instantly. What was this woman doing to me that got me wet in under five seconds? I tried to keep a straight face, but I knew she could see my reflection in the glass. I felt her tongue when it made contact with my ear and damn it if my body didn't react how she said it would. I licked at my lips and bit them gently. Her left hand made its way under my shirt to pinch at my nipples. She went from massaging my clit to slowly inserting two fingers inside me and back to massaging my clit. She repeated this action for about five minutes. I could do nothing but moan and press my body against her. She made a trail of kisses down my neck stopping at my shoulder and gently bit it. I heard something vibrating and thought it was my phone ringing so I ignored it. That was until I felt this wave of vibrations land on my clit. 

"Oooh shit!" I yelled. Kymona had the vibrator pressed my clit and she wasn't easing up. Her fingers found its way back inside my wet walls adding more stimulation than I could take. 

"Tell me, Jazz, has he ever made you feel like this?" 

I couldn't answer because I was too busy moaning and groaning. Hearing her sultry voice whisper in my ear only made my body shiver more. She stopped momentarily to remove my clothes. I was now fully naked in front of the window. If someone had a telescope they were about to get an eye full. She got closer to me trapping me between her and the window. She grabbed my face gently and kissed it all over. When she finally got to my lips, she ever so gently pecked them before taking my bottom lip into her mouth. She slowly slid her tongue in my mouth and I gladly received it. I could taste some of the strawberries that she ate from earlier. My hands traveled up her waist pulling her in closer. I don't know what it was, but I was suddenly hungry for this woman. Kymona broke our kiss to give my nipples some attention. Her hands were squeezing my ass as she sucked on my nipples. The only thing I could do was suck in some air and bite at my lips while she continued to pleasure me. Her kisses continued down my stomach and ended at the meeting of my thighs. She dropped to her knees and placed my left leg on her shoulder.

"Take this and hold it against your clit. Don't move it unless I tell you, okay?"

"Okay." She gave me the vibrator and I did as I was told. As soon as I placed the vibrator on my clit, I felt her tongue ring tickling the inside of my wet walls. I immediately lost feeling in my legs and felt myself sliding down the window. She grabbed at my ass and urged me to stand up straight. "Fuck that shit feels so good." With my free hand I grabbed at her head trying to bring her closer and gain balance at the same time. I felt her tongue ring go deeper and faster inside me. Any second now I was going to lose it. She snatched the vibrator from my hand and started to suck on my clit. The things she was doing with that tongue ring was driving me crazy. Without notice she inserted three fingers in my pussy. She started slow then gradually started to pick up speed. My breath got caught in my throat and for about a minute I had stopped breathing.

"Ooohhh shit shit shit!!" I finally breathed and started to scream. My hands were pulling at her hair.

"Damn Jazz your pussy really loves me. That pussy got a mean grip on my fingers." She gave my clit some quick kisses causing my legs to buckle and I collapsed to the floor. Kymona never released the hold she had on my pussy. She slowed up her strokes some and with no notice she would thrust inside my walls.

"Aaah damn Ky I'm bout to cum. I'm gonna fuckin' cum."

"Admit it, he doesn't make you feel like I do."

I didn't answer. I was too focused on trying to reach my climax. She thrusted her fingers inside me harder. "FUCK!! No baby he don't." She brought her face closer to mine and kissed me, then she moved to by my ear. 

"Say you're mine," she whispered in my ear. She kept repeating, "Say it", as she stroked my pussy faster. I reached for her arms trying to brace myself for the inevitable. Without meaning to, I said it.

"I'm yours, Ky. Fuck I'm yours. Ooohh fuck fuck fuck I'm cumming. Aaahhh." I creamed all over her fingers. My body was shaking and I was doing my best to get my breathing under control. She sucked my juices from her fingers and straddled my lap. She pulled me in for another kiss and then she looked me in my eyes.

"I told you sweetheart...I always get what I want. Whether you realize it or not you're mine now."

My mind was still a little hazy from that climax, but did she just say that I was hers? FUCK!! I said it. I can't believe I actually said that shit. I practically screamed the shit before announcing my climax. Jazmine Jenay Piedmont what have you done? What in the fuck have you done?