 Jazz was worn out from what I had done to her. She didn't even want to move to get on the bed. I covered her naked body with a blanket and gave her a pillow for her head. Before leaving the room, I turned on the fireplace to help keep her warm. I threw on a pair of sweatpants and a hoodie and headed to the mall. I decided to buy Jazz some clothes and underwear. Who knows how much longer she'll be cooped up in my penthouse. Call me insane, but I've got feelings for her. Not just the throbbing sensation between my legs, but actual feelings. 

I know that for the time being we were just having fun, but I wanted more. I know Jazz isn't a lesbian, but I've got to have her to myself. This is the first time that I've ever fallen for someone so fast. I want to show another side of me and not just be the sexual aggressor. I have to step my game up and soon. When I got back to the penthouse, I dropped the bags in the front and headed back to my room. Jazz was still fast asleep on the floor. Damn, I didn't think I was that good, but who am I kidding? She just doesn't get that good shit on a regular. I stripped down to my bra, panties and t-shirt and climbed under the blanket with her. I played in her hair and watched her sleep for a few minutes until I drifted off myself. I wasn't asleep long when I felt Jazz stirring next to me. I looked over and saw her scrolling through her phone. 

"Hey."

"Wassup." She never took her eyes away from the phone. 

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah."

"You sure?"

"Yup." 

"Why the one-word answers?"

"No reason."

"Right." I got up from the floor and grabbed the bags from the front room. I brought them back in my room and handed them to her.

"What's this?"

"I bought you some things while you were asleep. I figured you would like some clean clothes of your own."

"Kymona what are you trying to do? You can't buy me."

"Okay, really what the fuck are you talking about? I was just trying to be nice and get you some clothes seeing that you don't have any. Nobody is trying to buy you."

She pushes the bags to the side and covers herself with the blanket as she sits up. "Listen Kymona, about what I said earlier..."

"What?"

"When I said I was yours. It was in the heat of the moment and..."

"And you don't want to be with me."

"I mean we can still be cool. Maybe become friends under any other circumstance. This was just a one-time thing, ya know, just girls misbehaving. I just can't get with the lesbian thing."

"So you had no problem with me eating you out and making that pussy come, but now you can't get with the lesbian thing?"

"Like I said it was just girls misbehaving and having a little fun, but that gay shit ain't for me."

"What does that mean? That gay shit?" 

" I'm just saying with the business I'm in I can't have people assuming I'm into females. That's inappropriate." 

"So you're saying my choice of caring for a woman is inappropriate?" 

I was doing my best not to get heated with Jazz, but everything in me was fighting that. Everything she said just made her sound like a total asshole. I mean what the fuck does she mean by that "gay shit"? She makes it sound like I have a damn disease or something. I stood waiting for her to give me a response.

"That's not what I'm saying..."

"Then make yourself clear."

"Kymona these past two days have been...exceptional. I honestly believe that I was caught in a vulnerable place. I appreciate the experience, but this can't go beyond us just being friends."

"You know what I think? I think you're afraid of your true feelings."

"Excuse me?"

"You're a grown ass woman running away from her feelings. You try to deflect to make yourself feel better, but deep down you know better. I didn't make you enjoy the sex, that was your decision. I didn't make you stay here, you chose to."

"You know my car is down."

"So you couldn't call a cab? What about that male friend of yours? Why not call him? Hell if you really wanted to go home I could've taken you. Admit it you wanted to be here with me. You can't resist me."

"I can't resist you? Who do you think you are?"

I dropped back down to the floor beside her. I removed the blanket and pulled her close. Her breath quickened and I could damn near hear her heart beating out of her chest. Usually I wouldn't force anyone into anything, but I had to prove my point. I slid my hand down from her side to between her thighs. She was already wet and I had barely even touched her. I pushed her down and got on top of her getting in the scissoring position.

"Resist me Jazz and prove me wrong." I started to grind against her and grab at her chest. I had been gentle before, but not this time. I pinched hard at her nipples making her back arch off the floor. I grinded faster against her. Her eyes were rolling back and she could hardly catch her breath. Leaning back some, I made room so I could finger her wet pussy. With no mercy I shoved three fingers deep inside her. 

"Fuuuccckkk!! You gone make me cum. Right there." I felt her walls tighten around my fingers. Just before she was about to cum I pulled away. I could tell she was mad and wanted to finish, but who cares. I run this shit. Her eyebrows furrowed as she bit her lip and looked up at me. Her eyes were begging me to come back and finish the job.

"See? Vulnerability has nothing to do with it. I'm bringing your true feelings out and you can't handle it. You say you're not mine, but you've shown me otherwise. And if I find out you made yourself cum while I'm gone, you'll be in some serious trouble." I left her laying there and went out to the front room. It'll be hard to be with her, I know, but it'll be worth it. I never have a problem with a challenge. 

Jazz POV

Kymona just left me lying there horny and wet as a motherfucker. I needed to come and bad, but I didn't want to test her. I have to be honest my emotions are everywhere with her. I didn't mean to offend her, but I really can't be with her. What would my co-workers say if they knew I started sleeping with women? They already view me as a piece of meat and it's taken me years to get them to view me as one of their equals. The minute I even hint that I have interest in women, that would only add on to their twisted little fantasies about me. I admit I was wrong for assuming that she was trying to buy me. It was really sweet of her to get me something when she doesn't even know me. Kymona was right, I practically was hers. She's got me wrapped around her fingers. 

I look over and see the vibrator that she used on me earlier. I listen to see if she was coming back, but I heard nothing. Fuck it I'm horny as hell and I have got to bust this nut. What was she going to do anyways? I turned it on high speed so I could come before she came back. That was dumb on my part for the simple fact I know my pussy is sensitive. I almost screamed out, but covered my mouth before any sound came out. I just needed two minutes to get the job done. Just when it was about to happen...

"What do you think you're doing Jazz?"

Damn, I'm busted. I turned the vibrator off and looked at her. For some odd reason I couldn't get any words to come out. 

"Were you trying to make yourself come?"

"Yes, you left the job unfinished."

"You don't do that gay shit, remember?" She tossed me some clothes. "Get dressed I'm taking you home."

"Kymona are you serious?"

"Should I not be? You being here obviously isn't going to work for either one of us. Get dressed, get your things, you're going home." With that she turned and left out the room. For a minute I stood there feeling confused. I didn't know whether to be mad, hurt or relieved. I put on the clothes and gathered all my things. When I walked out the room, she was waiting by the front door with a bag that contained my clothes she had washed.

Kymona POV

I have nothing more to say to Jazz. I just need to get her out of my place. Her being here is only going to make things worse than what they already are. Even after all the fucked up stuff she said, I still wanted to be with her. If that meant just being her friend then I would accept that just so I could have her around. When we got in the car there was nothing, but dead silence. She typed her address in the GPS and buried herself in her phone from that point on. I wanted to tell her how I felt, but I refused to make myself look weak. That shit doesn't work for me. 

When we pulled up to her place there was this guy waiting at her door. He came walking over to the car and Jazz got out to greet him. 

"Hey Jaylen."

"Wassup sexy? I'm glad you called me."

"Yeah I could use the company. Could you grab my things out the backseat?"

Is this woman playing right now? Did she really call this dude up to try and throw it in my face? Ha that's real funny. This dude was about 5'8", brown-skinned, looked like he weighed a measly 130 pounds, and dressed like he walked of the set of House Party. He was wearing an oversized suit and was sporting a gumby haircut. This dude couldn't make me jealous on my worst day. Before closing the door he asked Jazz who I was.

"Actually I didn't quite catch her name myself." Is this bitch serious? "Thank you miss for the ride home, I really appreciate it." Before I could respond, Jazz closed the door in my face and gave Jaylen this nasty, sloppy looking kiss. When I say sloppy I mean sloppy. It made me think of the kissing scene in the Nutty Professor with the old lady and Buddy Love. You know what, it doesn't even phase me because she knows who she belongs to. I'll let her play her games now, but I know she'll be begging to come back.