 I was young when I first realized I was bi-sexual and a sophomore in college when I finally accepted it. I went to a Christian school to try and keep my mind off the temptation females had always provided; who'd have guessed so many girls would do that. I found myself stricken with pretty girl after pretty girl; they seemed to gallivant around, waving every ounce of tight young skin around as often as possible and always accompanying their looks with a flirty attitude that left me even more speechless. I did fine freshman year, even surviving the temptation of a gorgeous, curious roommate. Then, sophomore year with the sensation of finally being an adult, it happened. The Halloween dance happened. All the girls in their tiny shreds of clothing, obviously intoxicated, and hoping someone would make a move. All the guys shirtless and glistening obviously prepared to do anything a girl would dare ask. I had to accept that I liked girls and guys too if I was going to leave that dance floor with any sanity. So I did. I learned then the feeling of possible judgment associated with accepting ones sexuality but more importantly I learned the feeling of freedom. Freedom from my fears, my pain, my hate for my hiding from who I was, and freedom to be who I always knew I would be. 

As always seems to happen, you have seen it in every movie ever, the second I accepted who I was she strutted past me hell bent on dancing the night away. I made it my goal, a promise to myself, that she... we would do far more than that with the night. Maybe it was my new found freedom, maybe it was the way her curves shown in that tiny skirt under the neon lights, or maybe it was the liquid courage coursing through my veins but I made a move on her fast, before any guy could steal this gorgeous woman from beneath my needy greedy fingers. I strutted up to her, held her face in my hands and we danced. I recognized this girl, another sophomore, as the sweet girl from class I had always thought was too pretty to be single. I was convinced she must be a prude to stay single more than a day in the lion's den that is college. This night proved me so very wrong.

She was a vixen and she knew it, rocking her tiny excuse for an outfit and not caring who saw. Her courage shook me off guard and her perfect figure and glinting eyes did the rest. I was ready to make my move. On the dance floor everyone is focused on their partner and though this tended to bring me the security to take a chance, I didn't care for a moment who saw. I stared her straight in the eyes, both still dancing, an obvious passion burning in our eyes and beneath our skirts. I saw her eyes almost ask what would happen next and that's the first time I ever kissed her or any girl. Even amongst everyone at the dance, I passionately planted my lips on her soft sweet ones and almost instantly our tongues collided. Our bodies intertwined and every drop of our passion grew hotter and hotter. It wasn't long before we knew what must happen; she was coming home with me no questions asked. Within minutes the eyes of the other dancers migrated to us, encapsulated by the passion that seemed to jump out of our fingers and toes in every direction. I didn't even blush as we stopped and noticed the commotion we had made; I just grabbed her hand and led her toward my room. 

The walk seemed to take days because it was one more second without her body against mine. I fumbled with my keys and entered my room thankful that my roommate never stayed in the dorms on weekends. I locked the door and we just looked at each other. I could tell this was her first time doing this type of thing, I felt an even deeper connection because of the moment we were sharing. I finally realized, I had said nothing to her yet in the course of our encounter. I asked, "Do you want it slow or fast?" She looked into my eyes with a burning intensity, "Slow." As she bit her lip, I nearly melted and walked slowly toward her and began taking of her clothes. Every item came off only after feeling every inch of fabric on her body and tasting every inch of skin once it was off. Our kissing slowed significantly but lost no passion, the intensity of each moment warmed us both even in a room of crisp autumn air. Her body was even sexier nude. 

Where her skirt had been there was now only a black lace thong that perfectly contrasted her milky complexion. Where her shirt had been there was a black lace bra, probably a C, that obviously matched the thong. Her dark hair settled lightly on her shoulders and her brown eyes sucked all the warmth out of the room and delivered it straight to my panties. She looked perfect in the light of my room. She was shy at first, hiding a little but when she realized I was drinking in her beauty not judging the "flaws" she thought she had she relaxed. She proceeded to undress me in a similar manner. I stood there in a white thong and white lace bra, slightly more confidently. My curly brown hair rested on my shoulders and my green eyes sparkled with the realization of true self. We looked at each other for some time, trying to figure out what had happened but also realizing how beautiful women were. 

I finally made a move back in. I ran my fingers through her soft silken hair and soon moved one hand down to caress her plump breast. I undid the hook of her bra in one swift motion and watched as the fabric slid off her smooth skin. I loved the way her nipples puckered under the sudden wave of cool air. I could wait no longer and leaned to suck them into my mouth, first one then the other, savoring the taste and sensation of another woman. I slowly kissed and rubbed down her body until I found myself kneeling in front of her, her intoxicating scent rushing through my nose and giving me a high I hadn't known existed. I slowly sat her on the bed and removed her thong while she unhooked my bra. Both hit the floor at the same time. We shared one more kiss before I leaned her back, spread her thighs, and took in the wondrous sights and smells of a woman. 

Her juices had obviously been flowing for some time; her slit slick and shiny in the light. I began slowly, as she had asked, running my finger up and down. I lightly caressed her clit with my fingers and then moved to teasing her hole. I could see her tension grow, needing the release of my entrance. I slid two fingers in as far as they would reach and felt her twitch around my hand in pleasure. I knew what an orgasm felt like, looked like, and sounded like and was amazed that it had taken so little to send her over the edge. As she relaxed I began the gentle process of fingering her. I slid my fingers in and out, and in and out until I could no longer take the agony of only experiencing her scent, I wanted to taste her. I caught her eyes as I slowly lowered my mouth to her slit. I flicked my tongue across her clit in one quick motion and felt her jolt around my fingers from its heightened sensitivity. I kept a steady pace, in and out with my fingers and began to pleasure her clit at the same steady pace with a light flick of the tongue. I felt her pleasure tensing and slowed my pace, wanting her to experience a longer, stronger orgasm than she ever had before. Slowly I increased the pace again until she started bucking her hips, needing release. I slid in a third finger and that was just enough, she came, hips crashing in wave after wave of ecstasy. I wanted nothing more than for this moment to never end so I kept going, in and out, licking her clean, and she kept coming until she finally collapsed almost in pain from the pleasure she had experienced. We shared one last kiss and she quietly fell asleep right there.

I almost wish I had gotten physical pleasure out of that night, but at the same time what is better than giving a beautiful girl the best experience she has ever had and having her fall asleep in your arms. I could have asked for nothing better. I will never forget the night I realized I was bi-sexual, nor will I ever forget my first experience with a beautiful girl like her.