 Jazz POV

I've been trying to call Ky back ever since she hung up and started sending me those pictures of Montell and Jaylen. I don't know how they know each other and I frankly don't care, but I do know that there will be nothing good to come from this. Either Montell is going to tell Jaylen about Kymona or he's going to tell him I have a daughter. Both of them are things Jaylen can't handle, but me not telling him would make things worse. Then again I really don't owe him shit because we aren't together. Maybe I should just relax and try not to blow all of this out of proportion. My main focus should be on taking care of Zhane, but I can't help but think about the decision Kymona is forcing me to make. I tried to spill my guts to her before she interrupted me about Montell and Jaylen. I wonder how much of my confession did she actually hear? Although everything's been moving so fast and we basically only have sex, I still feel a connection to her that I've never felt with anyone else. Normally I'd get a vibe from people that says they're shady, far from loyal and only looking for fun. I've never gotten that vibe from her, instead I get this mysterious vibe from her that draws me into her even more. Maybe we both have the same vibe about each other and that's why we act the way we do. We'll just have to talk when she comes back, I don't need the rest of the weekend to make up my mind.

Ever since she left this morning, I went back to my room and laid down beside Zhane. I had so many thoughts circling around in my head. Besides the girlfriend topic, the main one that kept coming up was how my life would have been had Zhane known I was her mother. I watched her as she slept and thought about all the important moments that I missed out on. I never got to hear her first words, see her take her first steps, help soothe her while her teeth grew in, none of it. I honestly wasn't content with her just seeing her as my cousin. She rolled over and cuddled up against me with her head laying on my stomach. The warmest feeling washed over me just looking at the best thing to happen in my life. Montell had one thing right and that was Zhane needed to know the truth. I just really don't know how to tell her or when. What little girl would be able to handle news like this? I want to have her in my life as my daughter, but I don't want to mess up her life. It's too early to have these thoughts consuming me like this, I need to restart my wake up. I pulled Zhane closer to me and drifted off back to sleep. 

Kymona POV

I heard everything that Jazz said to me before I disclosed information about Jaylen and Montell. It's not that I wasn't listening I just wanted to be told face to face. I wanted to be able to see that she meant everything that she was spitting in my ear. Besides that I don't think she thought long enough about what she was trying to tell me. I had just given her the ultimatum and she was already rushing into a decision before the morning was over. I have major feelings for her crazy ass, but I'm really not trying to let that shit get the best of me. I've let my guard down enough with her and so far it's only given me heartache. I refused to be played by a woman that's never even thought about being with the same sex. I've got to stay in control otherwise I'm going to get fucked up in the end. While I was waiting to get our breakfast from Waffle House, I did think about some of what she said. Maybe I have been pushing her a little too far. It's not like she lied to me about being scared to be with a woman because she's told me that on multiple occasions. All she wanted was to be friends and get to know me better. Me being me I'm just use to people doing what I want with no questions asked. She's putting me to the test and I'm failing miserably because I want things to go my way. Damn, now she's got me second guessing the woman I forced myself to become. 

All before I would have been just fine with being friends with a woman. Hell my best friend was my first girlfriend back in high school and we were practically inseparable. I thought she would be mine forever until I found out she was seeing some other girl behind my back. The girl I told my deepest of secrets and fears to betrayed me not only as a girlfriend, but as my best friend too. She used everything she knew about me to tear me down and damn near drove me to commit suicide. I couldn't for the life of me understand why she felt she needed to rip my heart out the way she did. It took me months of therapy to finally deal with all of my built up emotions. I figured it happened because it was high school and tried to start over again in college. I didn't tell the girl in college all of my secrets, but I did tell her some of my fears. I trusted her enough to the point I took her home to meet my family. That was the biggest mistake because after awhile I found her and my cousin, Dante, started seeing each other. That time I didn't think about killing myself, but instead I thought about being as solid as a rock. I wasn't going to allow anyone else to come into my life and practically rip it to shreds. From that point on I focused on school and getting money. Any female that happened to come along I made them a one night stand and never looked back. The most they knew about me was I gave them the best sex of their lives and then I just disappeared into thin air. The woman I had created myself to be was going just fine with me until I met Jazmine. She makes me want to try love again, but only at my own pace. 

After getting out food I went back to Jazmine's house. Knowing her she'll probably throw a fit because I was ignoring her phone calls. I put the food in the kitchen and went to the her room to see what her and Zhane were up to. When I peeked in I saw the most adorable sight that made me fall for Jazz even more. Her and Zhane were cuddled up together knocked out sleeping. I made sure to take pictures of them so she would have something else to save in her photo album. I jumped on top of Jazmine's legs causing both her and Zhane to wake up. 

"What the fuh...Ky! What are you doing?"

"Waking you two sleeping beauties up for breakfast. I've got Waffle House waiting for us in the kitchen. Come on Nae let's get you cleaned up and get some food in you." Zhane grabbed my hand and slid out the bed making her way to the bathroom. I watched Jazmine as her eyes followed Zhane all the way to the bathroom. She really cared about her. 

"I didn't think you were coming back."

"Why because I wasn't answering your phone calls?" I climbed in the bed and sat next to her. 

"Yes. I was trying to express my feelings and you basically shut me down."

"I didn't shut you down hun. I heard every word you said to me and you were right." She looked at me shocked and playfully grabbed at her chest.

"I'm sorry, but did you just say that I was right?"

I playfully pushed her, "Yes I said it and it'll be the only time I say it." She let out a small chuckle and looked down at her hands. "You were right when you said I wasn't being fair about the whole friend thing. I've been pressuring you a lot about being my girl because I haven't felt this way in a long time. I just want to enjoy it before life decides to wake me up from the best dream I've had in a long time." 

"I meant everything I said to you on the phone, Ky. I really do have feelings for you, but I don't intend to rush into them because you want me to. If I wanted a half-assed relationship I would be with Jaylen."

"I can respect that and I'm willing to start over going at the pace that you set." She leaned in to kiss me, but we were interrupted by the sounds of screaming and the doorbell ringing. She rushed in the bathroom to see what was wrong with Zhane and I went to to the door. It was Jaylen looking a mess as usual. I had a feeling he would come over here, but I didn't think it would be this soon. I stepped aside to let them in and went to get Jazzmine from the room. 

Jazz POV

Zhane was screaming because she had gotten soap in her eyes. She said she wanted her hair to be like Ky's, so she tried to wash it herself. Lord when I saw that girl brought me close to having a heart attack you wouldn't understand the half of it. I just finished getting the soap of of her eyes when Kymona came to tell me that Jaylen was here. We swapped places and she began to help Zhane with her little dilemma. I through on a pair of shorts and went to face more drama before 12 PM. 

"How can I help you Jaylen?"

"What is that girl doing here? I thought you said you didn't know her."

"I didn't at the time, but now I do. Now what pleasure do I owe for your visit?"

"I ran into this man that said he knew you. He told me some pretty interesting things that I just wanted to clear up for myself."

"Who is this man and how did you meet him?"

"His name is Montell and he says he's your baby daddy. Dude has to be in his mid-forties damn near fifty. I was coming over here to see you last night when I saw him stumbling out of here so I followed him."

"Haven't I told you about popping up to my place before unannounced? What were you thinking rolling around here that time of night anyways?"

"I was coming to talk Jazz."

"We have cell phones for that so try again."

"Look I don't like being lied to so tell me the truth. Is this Montell dude telling the truth or is he just some crazy old man stalking you?"

"What does it matter to you Jaylen? We aren't together and we never will be because you want things to go your way. You know what I'm actually glad you popped in again because now I can give you your stuff back. You thought you were slick by leaving stuff here, but you weren't." I went to get the box out of my room that contained his things and tossed them down at his feet. 

"He told me you would say that shit. He also told me that you told him that you have a girlfriend. Since you won't tell me about the daughter be real about that shit."

"You need to lower your damn voice and get out my house. I told you I don't owe you any explanations."

He kicked the box to the side and got in my face. Grabbing me by my arms he shoved me against the wall and started screaming in my face. "You owe me the fuckin' truth. Here I am trying to be with you and you can't even answer these simple ass questions." 

Zhane came running out the room screaming for him to let me go. "GET OFF OF JAZZY!" He looked at her and back at me, making comparisons between the both of us. Kymona came from the back calm like she always is during times like this. She grabbed Zhane and sent her off in the kitchen to eat her breakfast. 

"Jaylen I think it's time you leave. We're trying to have a girl's weekend and you've just disturbed that," Kymona spoke calmly.

"Who the fuck are you to tell me to leave? This ain't ya damn house."

"Neither is it yours." She pulled him away from me and got him in a headlock and bent his left are backwards. Where in the hell did she learn that shit? "Now I believe that box over there belongs to you. All you have to do is get it, leave, and don't come back. It's as simple as that."

Jaylen had sweat beads forming on his forehead and he was trying hard to remove her arm from around his neck. She let him go and he dropped to the floor gasping for air to re-enter his lungs. He grabbed his box and slowly dragged his way to the door. Kymona and I watched him as he made his way off my porch and down to his car.

"Jaylen wait," he turned around to face me. "I figured I should at least give you an answer to one of your many questions." I pulled Kymona closer to me and kissed her deep making sure Jaylen saw me using tongue and all. I took quick glances and him to see how he was taking the news and by the looks of it his pride was hurt. I had forgot I was "answering" his question when Ky started gripping on my ass and sucking on my tongue. Her ass had gotten turned on just that quick and I would be lying if I said I wasn't starting to as well. I pulled away from her and looked at Jaylen still standing there fuming. I blew a kiss at him and waved as I pulled Kymona back into the house. Maybe Montell telling him wasn't so bad after all. Hopefully Kymona is the rainbow at the end of my storms, no pun intended.