 Kymona POV

When I opened the door there stood Montell. We stood eye to eye so we were about the height, but weight wise he probably weighed 185. His hair was slicked back like Billy Dee Williams and he was wearing an old school pinstripe suit with the hat and shoes to match. He might have been something to look at back in the day, but right now he just looks like a man trying to bring his 1970 ways to the present. The first thing he does is stare at my breast the minute I opened the door. I looked past him and saw Zhane in the backseat trying to peek around the headrest. Charlene must've been back at the house because she wasn't in the car. 

"Can I help you?"

"In more ways than one sweetheart." He looked me up and down licking his lips. 

"What are you doing here this time of night, sir?"

"I could ask you the same."

"Unlike you I'm wanted here and I was invited. Now I'll ask again can I help you?"

"Just go get Jazmine and tell her to come get her cousin. She's gonna stay with her for awhile."

"Jazz is asleep and I'm pretty sure you didn't ask her if that was okay."

"Listen here baby, I don't know you and you aren't family so if you'd get Jazmine up I'd appreciate it. You acting like you sleeping with her or something." As badly as I wanted to get extremely x-rated about what Jazz and I do, I decided not to. This wasn't the time nor place and it sure wasn't my business to tell. I chuckled and walked off to the room to wake Jazmine up. Going in the room I stood there and watched her sleep for a second. Is it wrong that through all of this I was still thinking about how to make her mine? I mean with her going through all this and seeing how she's handling it somehow makes me want her more. Let me get out my feelings and wake her up so this dude can get his old dusty ass out of here. 

"Jazz wake up you have an unwanted guest."

She rolls over and checks the time on her phone, "Tell Jaylen to go away."

"It's your uncle and he has Zhane with him." She shoots up out of the bed moving full speed towards the down. "Hey I know you're still steaming about the past and what you and your mom talked about, but please try to be level headed for the sake of Zhane."

"This doesn't concern you so mind your business Ky."

"Whether you accept it or not you are my business, so don't start with me. Anyways this isn't about us it's about your daughter so be cool."

Jazz POV

I hate it when Ky does that. She tries to control me in her own subtle way and the shit turns me on low key. I'm really starting to think I have a problem when it comes to this woman. Before leaving the room I calm down and think about doing what's right for Zhane. I walk in my living room and see Montell and Zhane sitting on my couch. I notice Zhane has a backpack and a duffel bag sitting at her feet. I call for Kymona to come and put Zhane's things in my room and get her to bed. For about five minutes Montell just sat there looking back and forth between Kymona and I. I wonder if she told him that we have sex. Nah she wouldn't do that no matter how mad she gets and if she did I really wouldn't give a fuck, not with him anyways.

"Why do you have her out this time of night Montell?"

"I was just thinking you need to spend some more time with our daughter."

"MY daughter and why do you wait till this time to bring her over?"

"She's OUR daughter and because I was hoping that we could talk about what's best for her. Zhane needs to know that you're her mother and we need to become a family."

"Excuse me? Are you delusional?"

"Jazmine our daughter needs both her mother and father in her life. She needs to know what a real family is like, but I can't give her that if I continue to lie to her."

"Have you lost your fucking mind? Yes she needs to know what a real family is like, but she only needs me for that. Plus have you forgotten you're married to Charlene and fucking my mom on the side? Exactly what are you trying to do?" 

Why is it the two people I don't want to have a family with are making me an offer to have one like its the winning lottery ticket? He stands up and walks closer to me grabbing me around my waist. I could smell the cigar smoke on his clothes and the alcohol on his breath. Dude has really lost his mind if he thinks I'm this desperate for a relationship. I push him with force making him fall to the floor.

"Sweetpea why are you fighting the chemistry we have? You remember how I made you feel that night. I had you shaking from the way I was touching you. What about the way your pussy responded to my manhood inside of you? I don't want Charlene, I haven't wanted her since the moment you and I got together and made love. As far as your mom goes she just a break away from Charlene. Come on babygirl let's be a family and stop hiding this from everybody."

All the bullshit he was spitting was making my head spin. The bad thing is when I looked in his eyes I could tell he believed every sick twisted word he said to me. He had spun some crazy fantasy in his mind that had actually started to make sense to him. Then he has the audacity to say that we have chemistry and that we made love. Made love?! This muthafucka stripped me of my innocence and then stole one of the most precious things to me and now he comes back trying to sell me a fucked up dream. Fuck the rain and storm, I'm about to make a hurricane in this bitch. Going to my side table I pull out blue ruger lcp gun and aim it at him. I wasn't think about nothing else, but ending the nightmare that has been haunting me for years. Just as I'm about to click my safety off I can hear Kymona and Zhane laughing. God was giving both Montell and me a chance to live because had it not been for Zhane being here I would've shot him and thought nothing of it. 

"Get ya ass out my house right now."

"You was gonna shoot the father of your child?"

"Montell get out my house, this is my last time warning ya old ass. Go." He tried to get closer to me and I screamed and pistol whipped him. I could hear the sound of his neck cracking from the impact as he fell backwards on the floor. Everything in my head was telling me to shoot him and just get it over with, but I knew that would only make matters worse. I began to feel like I had the voices of the angel and devil on either shoulder and at this point the devil was winning. 

Kymona POV

I was in the room playing with Zhane when I heard Jazmine scream from the living room. The next sound to follow was the sound of a body dropping to the floor. I pray to God that girl didn't go off the deep end and stab him. I told Zhane to stay in the room and to not come out no matter what. Making my way up the hall and into the living room, I saw Jazmine standing over Montell aiming the gun at his chest. Dear God the girl has really gone off the deep. I spoke softly as I entered the room sure not to scare her and she accidentally pulls the trigger.

"Jazz put it down. I know you're angry and no I don't know what he said to you, but if you do this you're going to jail. You go to jail you'll never see Zhane again." I took small steps as I continued to coax her out of her damnable thought. "I know you don't want to lose her forever because I don't want that."

"You damn right you don't know what he said. If you knew you would let me kill this muhfucka right now. Now I gave him two chances to leave, but he acts like he doesn't understand."

"We'll get him out the right way baby, but not like this. This is not the right way to get him to leave." By this time I was standing right behind her. Easing my hand up to hers I lower the gun and take it from her. The second I got the gun, she was all over him punching and kicking. With every hit I could see the tears flying from her eyes. I picked her up and held her down on the couch doing the best I can to restrain her. Her eyes we bloodshot and her skin was boiling. Whatever he said only added fuel to the never ending fire. I pulled her closer to me trying my best to get her to calm down. As her anger subsided, I could feel her pain increase as her body shook against mine from all the crying.

"It's gonna be okay Jazz, I got you."

"Oh hell nah," Montell struggled to get up from the floor and points at me. "There's no way in hell I'm leaving my daughter around you. You ain't nothing but an ol' coochie bumping hoochie. I'm not gonna have you anywhere near my daughter trying to corrupt her mind."

Before I could say anything Jazz jumped up and got in his face. "You're just mad because I'd rather ride her face before I come anywhere near that old shriveled thing you call a dick. Now you've accomplished to disrespect me, my home and now my girlfriend. Get the fuck out my house before I blow what dick you have left off."

He looked at her and slowly started walking backwards to the front door. We watched him pull off and made sure everything was locked up tight. I really want to confront Jazz about calling me her girlfriend, but I know this isn't the right time to bring it up. Lord knows I want nothing more than to talk about her claiming me, but I need to chill for now and just go with the flow. After making sure she is completely calmed down, I start to make my way back to the guest room. Before I can make it in the room she pulls me back and kisses me. I don't know if it's out of guilt or what, but I don't mind it at all. 

"Come stay in the room with me and Zhane."

"I don't think that's a good idea. It's been a crazy night and as much as I would love to lay with you, somebody else needs your attention more than I do."

"Are you sure? My bed's big enough for all of us Ky."

"I'm sure sweetheart. She's more important than me, besides I'll see you in the morning. I promise I won't sneak of in the middle of the night."

"Okay." She kisses me one last time. "Thank you for being here for me. I appreciate it." With that she walked off and went to her room. The minute I closed my door I felt like a girl in high school that was asked to prom by her crush. Jazz claimed me as her girlfriend I can't believe it. Shit I'm lying I knew it was only a matter of time. 

Jazz POV

I've done it again. I let my emotions take over me and I announced that Kymona was my girlfriend. She's probably jumping for joy in that room right now. I have got to start thinking before I blurt stuff out. I didn't lie when I said I appreciated her being here for me because I really did. She's been nothing but patient with me all day and has done her best consoling me. Why did I have to say that though? I'm still not ready to fully pledge myself to her yet. Granted I have developed a tiny bit of feelings for her, but at the same time I do have to think about the big picture here. Ughh I know she's gonna want to talk about this. I'll just have to dodge this subject for as long as I can. And yes I know y'all are going to talk shit the minute I close my eyes and go to sleep, but guess what y'all aren't living my life I am. So please let me deal with one thing at a time. First thing is spending time with my daughter. Anything after that is secondary and really isn't that important.