 Kymona POV

It's been a week and three days since Jazmine and I found out that she had a miscarriage. After her surgery, I had her move in with me until she fully recovered. She hasn't said a thing and has barely moved to do anything since she's been here. There is a lot I want to say to her, but I don't know where to begin. I could talk to her about us, but that would make me look insensitive to her feelings. If I talk about the miscarriage it may drive her further into a dark place. I just want her to be happy again. I hated to leave her alone, but I knew eventually I would have to get back to work. I took off a few days to be with her and make sure she would be okay. It doesn't seem like I've been doing much of a good job though. Physically I was doing everything right. I fed, bathed and clothed her, but emotionally and mentally I was failing. Before heading out to work, I made sure to cook her some breakfast. Waking her up, I placed soft kisses on her cheek and stroked her hair. She cracked her eyes open and I swear my heart sank. Her eyes were red and puffy from all the crying she's been doing. 

"Are you going to work today?" She spoke barely above a whisper with her head making its way to my lap. 

"I was going to, but I'd rather stay here with you."

"You don't have to."

"Do you want me to?"

"Yeah, but you have a life of your own to live. I don't expect you to stop living and handling your business because of me."

"You're part of my life now Jazmine. I want to be here and help you get through this pain. If I left you at your hardest moment, what type of girlfriend would I be?"

"Even when I've purposely hurt you, you haven't left me. I know you won't now. Go to work. I'll be fine."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes baby I'm sure. Go get some things done."

"Okay if you need anything just call me at my desk or my cell."

"I will. Thank you for my breakfast."

I kissed her cheek once more before I left for work. I'm glad she spoke today, but I'm still afraid to leave her alone.

When I got to work, the first thing I wanted to do was call Jazz. It took me awhile to talk myself out of it, but I was finally able to get some work done. I had so many meetings to follow up on, that doing them one by one just wasn't going to cut it. I called them all to my office so I could get it done all at once. The twins, Honey and Hazel were the first to show up. Ever since the night they took care of me, we've become good friends. Hazel is strictly dickly so I don't have to worry about her flirting with me unless we're clowning around. Honey on the other hand is bi-curious and has mentioned numerous times that she wants to test the waters with Jazz and I. I can't say I haven't played the fantasy in my hand a few times, but I know better than to mix business with pleasure. 

Following behind them came Kayden, Quincy, Armondy, Symone and Cameron. It may not seem like I have a lot of clients, but these are my heavy hitters. These are the people that go to bed and wake up ready to do what they love. My other clients are mainly parents that waited too late to pursue their dreams. They've got kids to worry about along with making ends meet with their nine to five jobs. I even represent kids, preteens, and teens, but of course their parents get in the way of my process. I also don't want to interfere with their schooling nor did I want to put my job on the line for a teen that wants to put her whole crew on with her and not focus on building her craft. Just before I'm about to open the meeting, the devil herself is walking through the doors. 

"How can I help you, Zuri?"

"You fuckin' up my career moves bitch!"

"Yu a chat fuckery!" Okay this bitch is making me mad because the jamaican side of me is starting to come up with no mercy. "Yu dutty stinking gyal I have nothing to do with why you can't make career moves."

"Because of you, nobody wants to be my agent. I can't find any modeling work in this city. What did you do? Tell them not to hire me so I could come back and beg for you to take me back? Never that shit!

"Yet here you stand. Yu just a bagga mouth, yu all talk and no action. Instead of coming to my office raising hell, you should be out there pounding the pavement and MAKING these agents represent you by showing them what you about. Stop trying to fuck your way to the top."

"It was okay when you was fuckin' me though?"

"I'll admit in front of everybody here that I was wrong to sleep with you and still try to have a professional relationship aside from that. You messed up when you lied on my name about how many times we did it, you messed up when you brought drama to my front door. It was in your contract just like everybody else's causing or being involved with drama of any kind would terminate your contract."

"Fuck you Ky! Sitting there acting like your shit don't stink. You're one of the most drama-filled bitches I know."

"Well I'm a paid drama-filled bitch with a career in full speed unlike you. Get out!"

She left out slamming the door behind her. Everyone was sitting around the conference table with slight smirks on their faces from how I just tore her ass down. I can tell she's going to be a problem I'll have to keep my eye on. Apologizing to my clients, I get back to the business at hand. Passing out everyone's portfolio, I go down the line and let everybody know what I've got setup for them. Watching them read the things I have lined up for them gives me butterflies. Seeing their faces glow with excitement gives me a rush. Not only am I doing what I love, but I'm getting people the right steps to do what they love. If only my folks could see how well I'm doing for myself. 

Jazmine POV

After Kymona left, I stared into the thin air until my eyes began to sting from the hot tears welling up inside them. Every time I open my eyes I feel like I can't breathe because then I know that everything wasn't just a dream. Sometimes I'd hold my breath and welcome the stinging pain in my chest. Clearly I never got far with it. I've been trying to suffocate myself underneath these pillows and heavy blankets, but hearing Kymona's voice causes me to snap out of it. I'm thankful that she's been taking care of me and has me staying with her. Lord knows if I stayed in my house alone I'd be successful in my suicide attempts. I know she's afraid to talk to me out of fear of saying the wrong thing, but the little she does makes me feel better a little each day.

Sitting up in the bed, I look around the room and take a couple of deep breaths. The more I breathed, the more the doctors words replayed in my head. I lost my baby. Granted I never knew I was pregnant, but still it's the second time I've lost someone that could have been a great achievement in my life. My baby never had a chance at life. Besides losing Zhane and my father, I've never felt so empty in my life. I thought I could handle being alone today and I'm starting to realize that I can't. Just when I reach for my phone it begins to ring. The number looks familiar, but I can't place it at the moment. Clearly whoever it was wasn't important because their number was UNSAVED BIH. I wait for them to hang up and then I call Kymona.

"Ello? Weh yuh ah seh?"

"Umm, I don't know what that means Ky."

"I'm sorry babe. I said how are you doing? Are you okay?"

"No i'm not okay. I need you here with me."

"I'm leaving right now. You need or want something on my way in?"

"Some aromatherapy candles and bath salts please. I just really need to relax."

"Okay I'm on my way."

It makes me feel better knowing Kymona is willing to drop everything for me. I've never known what it felt like to be with someone that cares for me the way I care for myself. Dragging myself from the bed, I go make sure that all of this stuff with my miscarriage has cleared up. During the recovery of this miscarriage, my doctor told me that I would have heavy bleeding, wouldn't be able to take baths and could only wear pads until this all cleared up which takes a week. Like what kind of shit is that? I'm just glad it has been more than a week and I can finally get the relaxation I deserved physically. Emotionally and mentally it may take some time, but hopefully being around Ky will make things get better faster. Just as I get finished washing my face and just about to brush my teeth, my phone goes off again. I click the answer button on my headphones without looking because I'm confident that it's just Ky checking on me. 

"Yes baby?"

"Baby? Since when did you decide I was your baby again?"

I recognized that voice anywhere. "Jaylen what are you calling me for?"

"Now I'm Jaylen again? I could have sworn I was your king."

"I'm not in the mood for your shit. What do you want?"

"I was just wondering...when was the last time you had your period? The calendar on my phone says that it should have been about two weeks ago."

"You've been tracking my periods?! What the fuck is wrong with you?"

"Just answer the question Jazz. When was your last period?"

"Why do you need to know that?"

"This dude I use to ball with is going around bragging to everybody how he got to fuck you raw and how he planned to get you pregnant. I know you let him hit because I use to see y'all flirt on the low."

"If you saw me flirting with him it was because I wanted you to see that I could have any nigga but for some reason I chose to be with yo bum ass. Yes I fucked him and yes I was pregnant but I'm not anymore...I lost the baby."

"Damn Jazz that's fucked up. Have you told him yet?"

"No there's not point. It was a one time fuck that's never going to happen again."

"Well since he don't know maybe you'll let me come hit it raw. You and I both know that my shit hella big so I'll have no issues getting a baby to stick inside you."

I immediately hung up the phone the minute those foul words left from his mouth. How could he take my pain and make it about him and another nigga having a baby making contest? Having a miscarriage is not fun nor is it a joke. Just when I felt like I was getting a handle on my emotions, here come the steamy hot tears streaming down my face. So much anger was building up inside me that I had to relieve some pressure by screaming. I could hear Kymona calling my name, but I couldn't stop crying to answer her. I never even heard her come in the room. She dropped by my side, cradling me against her chest and rocked me back and forth until I was able to calm down. 

"Everything is going to be okay baby. I'm here."

"Why is all this happening to me? Is it because of the way I've treated you? Is this my punishment for treating you than less of a person? Is it because I didn't fight for Zhane? Why did God take away my unborn child?"

"You've done nothing wrong Jazz. Maybe it just wasn't meant to be right now."

"Why couldn't that have been my choice to make? That's the second child take away from me without my say so. Both times hurt just as bad."

"There are a lot of decisions made without our say so, but in the end it turns out to be a blessing. I know it's hard to see right now, but I promise, it is."

I sat and thought about everything Ky said and tried to see it from her point of view. She could actually be right. If I had the baby I would lose focus on getting full custody of Zhane. Being pregnant would have brought more drama to Kymona and my relationship. I'm not prepared to raise a child. I don't know what it takes to properly care for a child. As I weighed my pros and cons in my head, Kymona sat me on the counter and started running some hot bath water. Going into the bedroom she grabbed a shopping bag and came back and sat it next to me. Hold up two bath bombs, she told me to choose one and then she threw it in the water. Helping me off the counter, she helped me out of my clothes and helped me get into the tub. The moment I sat down in it I feel like all of my anxieties and careless thoughts melted away. This is exactly what I needed. Kymona continued to set a relaxing vibe when she lit multiple candles and placed them in different areas of the bathroom. She dimmed the lights in the bathroom, in her room and played some soothing R&B slow jamz. 

"Enjoy your bath time. I'm going downstairs to get you something light to eat."

"Wait you aren't getting in with me?"

"You want me to?"

"I'd prefer if you did. I think I'd be able to relax a little bit more with you sitting behind me."

Stepping out of her heels, she began to unbutton her blouse and unzip her high waisted skirt. Watching her undress was making me sweat more than the heat from this water. The minute her clothes hit the floor, I was in a daze just from looking at her smooth skin glow in the candlelight. Taking off her bra and panties, she pinned up her hair and climbed in the tub behind me. Sitting back against her and the feel of her soft hands wrap around me made me feel so safe and secure. Humming to the song playing on the stereo, she began to caress my skin with her fingertips. I can feel that same chill going down my spine just like the first time she and I got together. I can feel her chest rising and falling the same time as mine and it feels amazing. I so badly want to have sex with Ky right now, but I know this wouldn't be the right time. I'm just glad she was able to clear me of more stormy weather headed my way.