 Kymona POV

Last night was more than crazy. Not only did Montell get his ass kicked by Jazz, but she claimed me as her girlfriend. She said right out of those full, juicy, pouty lips that I was her girlfriend. I know emotions were running high and she's going to try and back out of this, but I'm not going to allow it. I've really started to become the submissive one in all this and that's not what I do. I'm the one in control and that's going to remain the same. It's nine o'clock on a Saturday morning so I highly doubt that either Jazz or Zhane is up. Hell I don't know why I'm even up this early. Since I am I might as well get some breakfast started for us. Trying to be as quiet as possible, I head to the bathroom in the hall so I can wash up. I peeked in on them and just as I suspected they were both knocked out. Taking a shower all I could think about was how to bring up the girlfriend topic to Jazz. I don't want to start trouble in front of Zhane, but Jazz has been playing with me way too long and I have to get the answer to my question. What the fuck are we? She's as stubborn as a rock so this is going to be hard no matter how I bring it up. Stepping out the shower, I wrap myself in a towel and go back to the room as quietly as I did before. Just as I close the door and turn around, I see Jazz coming out of the closet.

"What the hell?!! Jazmine what are you doing in here? I thought you was sleeping."

"Yeah I know." She was staring at my body that was now naked. I didn't even notice the towel had dropped. I bent down to pick it up and she kicked it out of my reach. I could tell by the seductive look in her eyes she wasn't about to say much.

"Jazmine your daughter is in the next room, NO!"

"She's a hard sleeper."

"That's not the point."

"The point is I want you now. My house, my rules." With that said she pushed me on the bed, climbed on top of me and proceeded to kiss me. I could try fighting this woman all I want, but I know in the end it would be a failed attempt. She's become my kryptonite. She instructed me to move to the middle of the bed and I did just that. Her legs straddled on either side of my thighs, she sat up to remove the big t-shirt she was wearing. Apparently that's all she was wearing. Sitting up I took each nipple in my mouth and suckled them like it was the only meal I would ever receive again. Her fingers got lost in my hair as she let out a low moan every so often. I could feel her juices starting to leak onto me, which made me even wetter. Pushing me back on the bed she made a trail from my neck, to my chest and stopping at my stomach with her tongue. Looking up at me through her long lashes she told me to spread my legs wider. I did as I was told. Her face suddenly disappeared as she began to memorize my second set of lips with her first. This is only the second time she's eaten me out and it already feels better than the first. She had just started and I already was having trouble breathing. Sucking on my fingers, I started grinding against her face. Just as I'd catch her rhythm, she pressed my legs back and snaked her tongue deeper inside me.

"Jazmine baby shiiitttt!! Jazz! Jazz! Jazz!" All I was able to do was call her name. The shit was feeling so good, then she stopped. "Baby why you stop?"

"You'll see." She came back above me and tossed one of the pillows on the floor. Underneath was a strap and a Mr. Hitachi vibrator. She handed me the vibrator. "Put this on your clit and turn it all the way up." She went back down to kiss and lick on my throbbing pussy lips. Just as she told me, I turned the vibrator all the way up and placed it on my clit. I damn near jumped off the bed from so much stimulation at once. Her tongue making love to the inside of my tight walls while the Hitachi attacked my already sensitive pearl. I knew it was only a matter of time before I would explode. Pulling her closer, I got her tongue to go deeper. I needed to feel more of her to push me over the edge. My hand was going a mile a minute with that vibrator violating me in the best way.

"Fuccckkkk your tongue feel good Jazz. I'm bout to come shit I'm bout to come." Seconds later my juices were flowing from my pussy down her throat. Not one time did she back away, instead she waited and licked up every drop of my essence. I don't know where she's learning this stuff, but I can say one thing...I'm not complaining. 

Jazz POV

Mission accomplished. Ky is sexually satisfied and I can go back to living my everyday life. I just know she was trying to figure out a way to bring up the girlfriend situation, but like I said I'm not dealing with that no time soon. She came and now she's close to passing out and going back to sleep. I grab my shirt and slide it back on about to head back for my room. 

"JDoes this make us official now?"

"Does what make us official with what?"

"You giving me morning head and calling me your girl last night."

"About that..."

"Here we go with the bullshit."

"Call it what you want, but what I said last night was said to protect you and hurt Montell."

"How in the hell are you protecting me by continuously getting my hopes up?"

"Did you not hear what he called you last night? I wasn't gonna let him disrespect my friend like that so I said whatever."

"I'm a grown woman I can protect myself. Besides he was right I like pussy it's no damn secret."

"First off lower your voice and secondly don't curse at me. Now I told you from jump how I felt and you still acting brand new. We are not together Kymona. Yes we fuck, but that's it. There's nothing special between us."

"Fuck that." Before I knew it she grabbed me up and tossed me on the bed. I tried to get back up, but she only pushed me back down. She grabbed the strap that was laying next to me and put it on.

"Ky you've lost your mind if you think I'm gone..."

"Shut up Jazz. I'm tired of playing games with you. It seems like this the only way you truly understand how I feel about you." She spread my legs open and pushed the strap deep inside me. My breath instantly got caught in my throat and I no longer gave a fuck about what we were arguing about. Forcing my legs on her shoulders Kymona started fucking the shit out of me with no mercy. I could feel the strap hitting me up in my stomach. I couldn't form any words or sounds to come out of my mouth. The way she was digging that strap into my tight walls is beyond explanation. After a few more strokes I was able to find my voice and cry out with passion. Dropping my legs from her shoulders, I wrapped them around her waist pulling her in closer. She stopped only for a brief second to take my shirt off and went back to giving me a pleasurable punishment. Although the sex is on the rough side, Ky's eyes were telling another story. They held pain and love all at once. Could she possibly care for me that much in such a short amount of time? We've only known each other a few months and she was just so sure of her feelings for me. I was taken away from my thoughts when I felt Mr. Hitachi sending vibrations throughout my body. Kymona continued to dig deeper inside of me. 

"Ky, wait a minute." I was trying to push her back, but she wasn't going to allow that. She turned the dial up on the vibrator. "Shiiiiittttt!! Kymona I can't take it baby. Oh my gawd please stop. Just wait a minute."

"Ooohh I'm baby now, huh? I'm not stopping."

"Fuccckkk Ky you torturing my pussy. Aaaahhhhh!!" She meant just what she said because she was not easing up on me at all. She eventually found my magical spot and sent shock waves all through me. I lost control of my limbs and squirted all over her and the strap. Only when my body had finally decided to settle down was I able to catch my breath and cry out her name one last time. My mind was in a haze and my body was jerking uncontrollably. What the hell did she do to me? I think I've officially been turned out and I'm not sure if I want to go back. 

Kymona POV

I've regained my dominance and got my place back at the top where I belong. I'm not going to allow Jazz to continue playing her little games with my heart. From here on out she better be all about me and get off of whatever little high horse she mounted herself on. Just before she was about to pass out I tossed her t-shirt at her. If she thought I was about to lay down with her she had another thing coming. My patience was running out and I don't have time for this bullshit anymore.

"You should go back to your room, Zhane might be looking for you."

"Are you serious?" You really expect my legs to work after that?"

"I don't care how you get there just do it. Look Jazz, I've played your game a little too long. Now it's my turn. You've claimed to be with me twice and you've reneged on both occasions. You have from now to the end of the weekend to give me an answer on whether or not there's an us."

"What if the answer is no?"

"We'll act like we never met let alone even existed."

"That's not fair. You didn't even try to be my friend first."

"How when you're constantly sending me mixed signals. One day we just friends and the next you shoving your pussy in my face. Just go back to your room. We both have some thinking to do." 

She put her shirt on and stormed out the room. I honestly don't care how she feels at this point because she didn't care about my feelings. It's whatever though she had better make up her mind by the end of this weekend or else...you know what never mind. I've never had a woman get me so wound up and I'm not going to start now. I need to get out this house and get some fresh air. I was suppose to cook breakfast, but little ms. have-it-my-way messed up that plan. I'll just pick up something while I'm out.  

Jazz POV

I can't believe she's doing this. I mean yes I'm wrong for playing with her emotions, but she needs to understand that me being with a woman is hard. Hell me being with anyone for that matter is hard. I can't lie and say that I haven't developed some feelings for her, especially more now after that fire sex we just had, but she needs to realize that she's not making this easy on me. She just wants me to say yes to anything she says and be her little shadow and I'm not feeling that. I've never been one to let anyone tell me what to do and I won't start now. Then she tells me I only have until this weekend to sort out my thoughts. What kind of shit is that? You don't make a decision like this within a few days. Forget all that we need to talk this out right now. There's no need in dragging this thing out any longer than we have to. I heard her leave the house a few minutes ago so I'll have to call her. 

"Jazz I was just about to call you."

"Listen we need to talk about this girlfriend situation."

"Can we talk about that later?"

"No we'll talk about it now. I like you Ky I really do, but you aren't being fair towards my feelings. Yes I've done and said some harsh things to you and I'm sorry for that. You on the other hand haven't been giving me the chance to ease into this whole lesbian thing. You want me to dive in face first and that's not going to happen. I don't know you that well to just change my life around and you obviously don't know me that well seeing as you just found out about Zhane."

"I hear you, but honestly this can wait."

"This is what I'm talking about Ky. Why do we always have to move on your time? One minute you're begging me for answers and the next you don't want to talk about it."

"Jazmine Jenay would you shut the fuck up and listen for a minute. Now I'm out here trying to get us some breakfast and I see something that's not sitting too well with me."

"What are you talking about?"

"How well do you know Jaylen?"

"Not that well. We barely speak when he's around and I haven't spoken to him in awhile. Why?"

"You need to watch your back because I think you're being set up."

"Are you trying to scare me into being with you 'cause this shit isn't working. Hello...hello??" I can't believe that bitch just hung up on me. Now she out there trying to stir up some shit just to pull me in her corner. A few seconds later my phone is going off with messages from Kymona. I open them and it's pictures of Jaylen sitting across from some dude. As the pictures continue to come through I'm able to recognize the other man. How the hell does Jaylen know Montell? I've never brought him around anyone and Montell hasn't been here in years. My phone chimed again with another message from Kymona, "Now do u believe me?" My storms are never ending.