 Jazz POV

I couldn't have been hearing Zuri right. Did she just say she slept with Ky a week in a half ago? That's after the fact we confessed our feelings about each other and she goes out and fucks another girl afterwards. Not only am I pissed that she fucked somebody else after, but it infuriates me that it's my friend. I wonder how many other women she's slept with since we've been hanging together. I'm seriously at a loss for words right now. Her telling me she loved me had to be a mistake. There's no way in hell she could love me and then go behind my back and fuck another bitch. Zuri asked me how we met and I told her all about the night in the hotel. 

"How did you meet her?"

"Well she's a talent agent and she saw me and some co-workers at the beach one day and she came up to me offering me a career in modeling. I wasn't interested at first because I never even thought about modeling, but then she convinced me that it was a great thing to do on the side for money and that eventually with her help it could turn into something big. The first photoshoot I did I was hella nervous and she was there with me trying to reassure me that everything was fine. After that she took me to get something to eat, then to the club and then I think you know what happened after that."

"So how did y'all link up a few weeks ago?"

"She told me she had another gig set up for me and we went over some details and things of that nature. I was kind of stressed out from my regular nine to five and some other things that I ended up breaking down in her office. She told me a few of her friends were getting together at her place and that I should come over to relax and get my mind off of things. Of course everyone had been drinking and then once they left it was just me and her."

"Wow this is crazy. I can't believe she's playing me like this."

"Don't get me wrong, she's nice and gets the job done, but she's a charmer. That could be damaging to y'all trying to build a relationship."

"I don't even want to think about having a relationship with her right now. How do you confess something to someone one day and then turn around and act like you never said it?"

"I don't know love. All I can say is if you do continue to talk to her keep your eyes open. We've only messed around those two times, but it literally meant nothing to me besides a good time."

"I'm sure glad I called you up otherwise I would have never known anything."

Zuri and I finished our lunch and tried to talk about other things and old friends. Every so often I could see images of Zuri and Kymona together in the back of my mind. I can't believe she would do that to me. Then again could I really be mad? We aren't really together and not much has come out of this besides sex. I don't really know shit about her. She knows my deepest secret, she knows about my daughter. Fuck that I should be mad, I have every right to be. She's been playing with me all this time. I should've stayed cold-hearted and keep her around just for sex, but no my ass had to catch some type of feelings. I don't know what I'm going to do about this. 

Kymona POV

I couldn't have left Jazmine's place any faster than the roadrunner running away from Coyote Ugly. Why did I have to say I loved her? Then I said the shit out loud. This is high school all over again. I'm surprised she hasn't blown up my phone if she did hear what I said. I pray to God she didn't because I don't know how to explain that one. What in the hell have I gotten myself into? Once I got back to work I was more confused than anything. All I could think about was her and if I wanted to take back what I had said. On one hand I wanted to because it was way too soon. On the other hand I want to let it linger out there because I feel that she could be the one. I'm older now and I should be able to tell when somebody is for me or not. We've known about each other for months and I really feel like we could take things far. 

It's been a couple weeks since Jazz and I have spoken. I'd call her, but she won't answer and she won't even read my text messages. I've tried reaching out to her through Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Skype, anything we were connected on, but she never responded. Did I scare her away that bad? I'll have to take matters into my own hands and just go to her house because waiting around isn't getting me anywhere. As soon as I left from work, I went straight to her house. I knew she didn't work on weekends and that she'd just be getting back from her run, so this was perfect timing. I noticed an extra car parked in the driveway so I had to rethink my original approach. As I knocked and waited for her to answer the door, I tried to get my thoughts together when a half-naked man answered the door. I looked in his face to see if there was any resemblance to Jazz. I was praying to God this was the brother she was telling me about, but I saw nothing that could connect the two of them together. Just when I was about to ask where Jazz was I heard her walking up asking who was at the door. I looked around the guy and saw her standing in nothing but a bra and a towel wrapped around her waist. Is this shit really happening right now or am I jumping to conclusions?

"Ky what are you doing here?"

"I've been trying to reach out to you, but you've been giving me the cold shoulder. What's going on?" Dude was looking at me like I was disturbing his happy home or some shit and I wasn't feeling it. Jazz caught the glares he was giving me and she pushed him back further in the house like he was about to do something. I wish a muhfucka would try me today. She stepped back allowing me to come in and directed me to the living room. 

"What do you wanna talk about Kymona?"

"Could we talk alone please?" I shot a look at dude, who was still hovering over us.

"Need me to stay or you good?" He was speaking to Jazmine, but still glaring at me. 

"What the fuck you staring at dude?! Take ya ass home! You don't run shit here and she ain't ya girl so just get the fuck on man."

"My dick was the last thing beating up them walls so take ya dyking ass somewhere else with that shit bitch!" I jumped up ready to lay dude out, but Jazz grabbed me before I could reach him. 

"Khalil just go I'll talk to you later." She led him to the front door and hugged and kissed him goodbye. What the fuck kinda games is she's playing right now? I was pacing back and forth trying to keep my cool, 'cause at this point I wanted to put my hands around her fucking neck. She sat back down on the couch and acted like nothing happened.

"Jazmine what the hell is up?"

"What are you talking about now? You always getting in your feelings about something."

"Are you serious? I've been trying to talk to you for weeks now and you've been ignoring the hell out of me. Who the fuck was that and why was he in bed with you?"

"Just like you told him, I'm not ya girl and you don't run shit here either. Who I decide to sleep with is my damn business."

"So if that's the case what in the hell are we doing? One minute you want to be with me and the next you wanna act like we never met. We grown ass women and you're playing these little girl games."

"I'm playing games? Bitch you told me you loved me, but then I find out you slept with my friend a few weeks after we made those promises to each other."

"What are you talking about?"

"Zuri Hamilton ring any bells? From my knowledge you fucked her about two times, maybe more."

"Why didn't you ask me this when you found out?"

"So you're admitting that you slept with her?"

"I'm not admitting to shit until you ask me instead of accusing me."

"Did you sleep with Zuri?"

"Yes I did..."

"Get the fuck out my house, Ky."

"I'm not finished talking to you. You want to know the truth I'm gonna give you just that."

"I got the damn truth and you know what I can't even be mad. We aren't official, all we did was talk and fuck. I did the same thing with Khalil and that don't make him my man so it is what it is."

"Shut the fuck up and listen Jazz! Now yes I did sleep with Zuri, but that was back when I was staying at the hotel. If you want an exact time period it was a week after I dropped your ass off home and you acted like you didn't know my name."

"Have you seen her recently?"

"Yes and it was to discuss business. After that she wanted to go further and I shut that shit down. I'll admit I should have never slept with her in the first place 'cause it's bad for business. I kissed her and was starting to take her clothes off and then right then I felt nothing but guilt."

"Why?"

"You're why Jazz. What type of person would I be to bring you this far in my world just to dump you like you were nothing? When I told you I would wait I meant that. Yeah I had a small slip up, but I caught myself before it went too far. Now I'm thinking I should have gone through with it."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Jazmine you have a lot of growing to do. Instead of talking to me about the situation you went and fucked some dude for revenge. Now how do you feel?" The room went silent and she avoided making eye contact with me. I grabbed up my things and was about to walk out when she grabbed my hand.

"Did you mean to say you loved me?"

"I actually did, but I was afraid I scared you off by saying it so soon. Now I regret ever saying that shit." I dropped her hand from mine and left. 

Jazz POV

Talk about feeling like an ass. The entire time she was talking to me she was looking me square in the eye. This was a different Kymona I was talking to today because any other time she would have been distracted by my body. Her demeanor, tone, just everything was different. She came here on some sincere shit and I broke her heart by bringing somebody else in the mix. I took the petty route and seeked to get revenge instead of finding out the truth for myself. I don't even know why I believed anything Zuri told me in the first place. Yeah we were friends, but I should've known the type of person she was. Hell the bitch has been lying ever since I met her and I promised myself I would never get trapped in her web of lies. I blocked Ky out all because of some shit I heard. I blocked out someone that has been in my corner since day one for someone I had barely spoken to in a year going for two years. 

What hurts most of all is that Kymona regrets saying that she loved me. It wasn't just the fact that she said it, but the tone of her voice. It was like she regretted meeting me from the start. The minute she said it I felt like the wind had gotten knocked out of me. It's crazy because in that moment, I felt myself being drawn to her even more. Although she spoke with so much anger and hurt, I could still see an ounce of that love she held for me in her eyes. In all my years I've never had someone try to explain themselves and own up to their mistakes. Here she was, not even my girlfriend, and she was willing to tell me everything I wanted and needed to know. I couldn't even think of anything to say to keep her from walking out the door. Maybe I should just let her go and do her own thing because I'm obviously toxic to her life. Fuck that I'm going to prove to her that getting involved with me isn't a complete waste of her time. In this little bit of time I can tell she's down for me and would do whatever to protect me. I refuse to let someone like her slip through my fingers. Whatever it takes to keep her in my life I'll do just that. Whether it's making a fool of myself or doing things I never thought I'd do, I'm not allowing Kymona Wèi (way) to be anybody else's sunshine through the storm.