 Jazz POV

It's been a month since I finally broke down and told Kymona how I feel about her and so far everything is going good. We both have taken the time to understand why we had different feelings about jumping into a relationship so fast. We still haven't made it official yet, but we do know how we feel about each other. She's been nothing but patient with me and she's even willing to take the friend route...okay friends with benefits route, but that's not the point. We're trying to get comfortable with each other on a more mental and emotional level. We've never had an issue in the physical department. Ever since that weekend at my place, Ky has been begging me to let her take me out on a date. It's not that I don't want to, it's just I'm still not ready to completely out myself like that. Yes I told Montell and Jaylen, but they don't mean anything to me. I'm constantly thinking about what my brother and what Zhane would think of me. At first I wanted to tell my mom, but after all the shit she's put me through she's about to be on that same shit list with a bunch of other people. I don't have a lot of friends, but the one's I do have can be a little judgmental. Then there's the situation with my job and it's just too much. I feel like me making one of the best decisions of my life could possibly turn into the biggest nightmare. I'm not used to too many good things happening so usually when it does I know it won't last long. 

Kymona's worth it though, at least I think so. I mean the woman is a go-getter, she's fine as hell, smart as hell and a beast in the bed. Never in the twenty-five years that I have been on this earth have I ever had somebody make me feel the way she does. She doesn't even have to say nothing. Just one look and my skin instantly gets heated. Damn just thinking about her makes me wet as fuck. Did I mention we haven't had sex since she was here last? I know it hasn't been that long, but she's definitely got me addicted. I need to call and see what she's up to 'cause I'm craving her something serious right now. 

"Wah gwaan, goodaz?" Damn why she had to answer the phone like that? She sound sexy as fuck when she uses her Jamaican accent.

"Nothing, at home thinking about you."

"What about me?"

"Everything. What are you doing?"

"Stuck at this damn job stressed the fuck out."

"Vent to me."

"Huh?"

"Vent and get it out so you can feel better and do a better job." She started telling me all about the things going on at her job. I wasn't really listening anyways. It's not that I didn't care or anything, but I was much more focused on her voice and how heavy her jamaican accent was when she got mad. That shit turned me on more than anything. I would say little things to let her know that I was still there, but I was debating whether to get my toy out of my room or finger myself now. My pussy was getting wetter by the minute and I couldn't wait any longer. As she continued to speak I slid my panties to the side and started rubbing on my clit. Every so often I would dip a finger inside and let out a slight moan. If this don't get her through her day I don't know what will. 

Kymona POV

I thought it was so sweet of Jazmine to call me and say she was thinking about me. Lord knows I was having a stressful day at this job, and it wasn't even time for lunch yet. She must've been really bored to tell me to vent my problems to her. I didn't want to at first, but I knew if I didn't find an outlet soon I would explode on anybody at any point in time. As I was talking to her I could hear slight grunts coming from her end of the phone. I thought she was moving stuff around at first, but then I'd hear her moan. She's playing with herself right now. I can't lie and say I wasn't turned on, but I am pissed because there's nothing I can do about it right now. People are always coming in and out of my office and if anybody saw me pleasuring myself it would cause problems. I didn't want to stop her, but I didn't want to torture myself either.

"Jazz?"

"Yess?"

"Are you playing with yourself right now?"

"Yes," she chuckles, "I couldn't help it Ky. Your accent was turning me on."

"Oh really?" Pressing the phone closer to my face, I decide to turn up the heat and make her feel better. Making my accent real heavy I start saying all kinds of shit. "Do me a favor baby and add another finger inside of you."

"Okay." I could tell when she added the other finger because I heard her sigh. 

"Finger yourself fast for me. I want her fingers to glisten from your wetness. If my voice turns you on think about what I'm going to do to you when I see you again. I'm gonn to use the biggest strap I have and fuck the shit outta you. I'm gonna thrust in you so hard you'll be begging me to stop, but I know you wouldn't want me to."

"You gonna stretch me out Ky?"

"Hell yeah. Tell me babe can you feel my hands on you?"

"Yes baby I feel you."

"Feel me sucking on your clit? What about my hands roaming all over your chest, can you feel that?"

"Fuck yes." By this time Jazz was hollering. Her moans got quicker and she was cursing nonstop. She was about to come. Fuck this she torturing me so I'm gonna torture her. Just when she was about to beg me to make her come I hung up. I knew that shit would piss her off, but it needed to be done. I sped through my work and took an early lunch. I went home to get my strap and headed over to Jazmine's place. I've been thinking about her body being against mine for days, but I promised I'd play it cool for awhile. I pulled up to her house, ran up the porch steps and started banging on her door. I could hear her screaming from the other side of the door.

"Who the fuck is it?!" She flung the door open and glared at me. Now she's mad at me for two things. Good I'm gonna have a lot of fun adjusting her attitude. Before she could say anything else, I rushed her and kissed her plump, pouty lips. She tried to fight me off, but come to break herself away from the kiss. Backing her into the house, I close the door and pick her up taking her in the living room. Lucky for me she was only wearing a sports bra and boyshorts. I had immediate access to all of her hot spots. Leaving trails of love marks from her neck all the way down to her chest. Every so often allowing my tongue to slide in the crease of her breast. Whispering in my ear she begged for me to fuck her. Hooking my fingers on her boyshorts, she raised her hips ever so slightly allowing me to pull them off with ease. The moment my face got lost between those breathtaking thighs, her fingers went to work massaging my scalp. The sounds of light moans coming from above motivated me to go faster and push my tongue in deeper. Not even two minutes and she was already leaking. Pulling me up by my hair she brought my fast to hers and tasted herself from my tongue. Ripping my clothes off, her hand found its way to my throbbing sensation. Her thumb passing over my pearl and her fingers finding their way into my hidden valley. Reaching for hers I mirrored her every motion. Both of us trying to fight for control in our ongoing tongue battle. I lost when she thrusted her fingers deeper in me unexpectedly causing me to scream out and release my savory sweetness onto her fingers. Hunger in her eyes she looked at me and licked my essence from her fingers. 

Standing up to put on my strap, Jazz kisses all over my thighs. Leaving marks on me to mark her territory. Forcing her to sit back, I tease her with the tip of my strap at her glistening entrance. She moans, begging me to stop teasing her and pulls me into her. I push into her going deep and holding my place allowing her to get adjusted to the size.

"Shiiitttt baby time out."

"No time outs, Jazz. Get use to it." With every word I gave her slow, deep strokes. Within minutes I was pounding her walls. Her breath getting caught in her throat a few times.

"Kymona you stretching me out. Ooh fuck!" Trying to push me off her, I grab her arms and pin them by her sides. The sound of her wet pussy lips sucking on my was driving me insane in addition to her loud screams. I could feel her legs beginning to shake against mine. I knew what was coming next. In a low breathy voice, looking up at me through her long lashes she says, "I'm almost there baby make me come. Make me fucking come." Burying my face in the side of her neck I go harder and faster. Fucking her into oblivion she releases her juices all over my strap. Her body shaking underneath me, I kiss all over her heated skin to help calm her down. Kissing her lips one last time before putting my clothes on and heading back out to work.

"Thanks for the lunch hon. I love you." Before I could catch the words they had already come out and there was no chance of me getting to take them back. Rushing out the door I hopped in my car and sped off. Kymona what the fuck did you just do?

Jazz POV

I can't believe she came all the way here just to get some. I'm not mad at all because she left me satisfied, but did she say she loved me on her way out? She's probably hoping that I didn't hear that, but I heard it. I don't know how to feel about it honestly. When we agreed to getting closer and getting to know each other, we promised to keep our minds open. I just didn't think she'd open up that fast. She didn't say she liked me, she said she loved me. How am I really supposed to react to that? Yes I have feelings for her, but I haven't gotten to the place where I feel like it's us against the world. I've known people that have grown to love each other, but it doesn't usually happen this fast. Putting on some clothes I called up the only person I could trust to keep it honest with me. My homegirl Zuri and I have been friends since college. We rarely get a chance to get together, but when we do it's never a dull moment. We decided to meet up and have lunch together. I went to freshen up and put on my sundress. I wasn't going to wear a jacket, but then I saw all of the marks Ky left on my skin. If nothing else started the conversation I knew these marks would. I didn't have time to put makeup to cover it so I hid them with my jacket and the remainder with my hair. 

Zuri and I pulled up at the same time and barely parked our cars before hopping out to hug each other. Zuri and I were about the same height, she was just a little taller than me. Her milk chocolate complexion was always glowing any time that I saw her and her teeth could outshine the brightest headlines. Her hair and nails were always slayed and her body stayed on point. Since I've known her she's always had every nigga trying to get a taste of her hershey's kiss.

"Hey love. What is up?"

"Hey Z and a lot girl." We ordered our food and sat out on the patio.

"What's a lot and why the hell you got that jacket on? It's hot as fuck out here."

"I feel fine."

"Well you making me hot with it on so take it off." She glared at me until I reluctantly decided to remove. I knew if I didn't she would cause a scene and start acting like she was my damn mama. 

"Happy now?!"

"Bitch who attacked you?"

"Nobody and I'd appreciate it if you kept your voice down." The waiter came over with a food and drinks just in time. I was gonna need a bottle of wine to deal with this silly girl.

"So who is she?" I damn near choked when she said it. How in the hell did she know it was a woman that marked me up like this? How did she even figure I would fuck with a female?

"What are you talking about?"

"Don't play stupid with me Jazz. I know you fuckin' with a bitch 'cause those lip prints sure as hell didn't come from Jaylen big ass lips. Besides from what you told me about him, he wouldn't be able to leave a mark if even if you gave him a personal instruction manual."

"Just because they aren't Jaylen's lip prints it doesn't mean that it's a female."

"Girl please I can smell her on you. I've known you for years and I know what you smell like with or without your favorite bath and body works on."

"Whatever you say Inspector Gadget."

"Well Inspector Gadget says you fucking with a bitch and I think anybody is better than that bummy ass nigga Jaylen."

"Wait a minute you're not gonna judge me for sleeping with a woman? What's been going on with you?"

"Those days are long behind me Jazz. I don't have time to sit around and judge people for the lives that they live because at the end of the day it's none of my business. Besides I've messed around with a few women myself just to see what it was like. Anyways tell me about her."

"Well she's really sweet, fine as hell and as you can see she puts it down in the bed. We've known of each other for some months now, but we've decided on being friends with benefits right now or at least that's what I thought."

"What you mean?"

"We promised to take things slow because I'm not really on board with fully committing to being with a woman. Granted I do like her and she's literally a breath of fresh air, but I'm still not sure. She kind of confused things today when she rushed out of place after saying she loved me."

"So what's the issue? She obviously knows what she wants and isn't afraid to put herself out there."

"I know, but it's just going too fast. Like I said Kymona is great but..."

"Hold up did you say Kymona?"

"Yeah and?"

"Is she a little taller than us, with caramel skin and like dark brown almond like eyes?"

"How would you know that?"

"She's one of the females that I slept with. As a matter of fact I just slept with her like a week in a half ago."