 Jazmine POV

I'm glad I was able to clear the air between Kymona and I. Over the past couple of months of us knowing each other, I have been nothing but a bitch towards her and I don't deserve her forgiveness. She has shown herself to be nothing but a good friend to me. She's nothing but caring, loving, very understanding, smart as hell and let me not forget fine as shit. No matter how many times I've fucked up she'd always find it in her heart to forgive me and stand by my side. In such little time she has shown me what it means to be a true friend. I can't keep messing up the way I've been doing, otherwise her patience is going to run out and she'll grow tired of my stubborn and bitchy ways.

When I left Kymona's house I went home to take a shower, threw on some sweats and headed to work. I've been so caught up in having a love life and playing the field that I've fallen behind on my work. It's my day off, but why not head in and make myself useful. Besides anything to get my mind off of Kymona would be great at this point. As soon as I walk in everyone is eyeing me up and down. I realized this is the first time any of them have ever seen my dress down. I'm usually in heels even on casual Friday's. When I get to my office, there is paperwork stacked from the floor to the top of my desk. These people stack their work on top of mine because they know I get shit done. Today is the day I start charging extra for my services 'cause this is going to cut into my social life. 

"Ms. Piedmont, I didn't notice you without your heels on and me occasionally tripping over my tongue from salivating over your beauty." My boss, Mr. Joel Jameson, has been trying to get with me ever since I started here. This dude has to be around the age of my mother, divorced four times, nine kids and one on the way, and on top of that holds a position in the church. Now I'm not saying there is something wrong with having the Lord in your life, but come on dude. You got all that going on in your life and then you go in on Sunday's and try to tell people they need to live holy? Yeah I'm good on that. He's a good businessman, but outside of that he's an arrogant asshole.

"Good afternoon, sir. How can I help you?"

"Oh nothing much gorgeous. There was a lot of buzz about your casual look going throughout the office and I had to come see for myself."

"Oh okay. That's cool...I guess."

"Yes well I see you have a lot of work here to get done. I could help you out with that if you'd like. That's only if you promise to accompany me to a business dinner among some wealthy clients." 

"Sounds tempting, but..."

"It'll also be beneficial to you as well. Let's say a twenty to thirty percent raise."

I may not like this man and how he approaches me, but what kind of dummy would I have to be to turn down extra money? "Okay I'll go, but it won't be as your date."

"That's fine by me. As long as you grace me with your beauty and bring your A game."

I gave him a weak smile and watched him put on his smoothest walk to try and impress me. The minute he leaves my office, my phone starts to ring off the hook. Nobody knows I'm here so I'm going to continue acting like I'm not here. The more I try to ignore it, the more it rings and rings. I finally cave in and answer it. The minute I hear the voice, I'm immediately annoyed. 

"Jazmine, I know you've seen me blowing up your phone."

"Yes mama I have and I also seen my finger hitting my silencer every time you called. What do you want?"

"We need to talk."

"About what? You've never wanted to talk before so what could you possibly want now?"

"Your uncle told me that you're getting yourself involved with some gay shit. I didn't raise you to be eating another woman's snatch."

"You're right you didn't, but you also didn't teach me what it was like to be a real woman either. I had to learn that on my own. Get to your next point."

"Don't start that shit with me. Now why can't you call up Jaylen and apologize? Tell him it was a drunk night and that the girl took advantage of you. Y'all two need to be together."

"I don't want him mama why can't you understand that? And why are you pushing so hard for this anyways. You never gave a damn about any of my relationships so why start now?"

"I'm trying to make things work between Montell and I, little girl. I know he loves me just as he always has, but right now my sister skank ass and your cousin is in the way of us being together. I know Montell has talked about you getting full custody of Zhane, but it wouldn't look right if you out here dipping your tongue in another woman's pussy." 

"After all these years you're still trying to run behind a trifling man that wants nothing to do with you. I don't know what daddy ever saw you. Ya ass needs to be in a mental institution for even thinking Montell old nasty, sick dick ass wants anything to do with you. He wants me to get MY DAUGHTER and he wants us, us as in me and him, to raise her together. He doesn't want you or Charlene. Now as far as me getting custody of Zhane I will most definitely be doing that and I won't need Jaylen to do it. Besides Zhane likes my girlfriend Kymona." 

With that said I hung up on her. If that bitch really thinks that her and Montell will ever be together, she is completely delusional. I'm clearly not going to get any type of work done after that bullshit so back home it is for me. I loaded all of the paperwork into an empty box and made a mental note to contact all the people that decided to throw their workload on top of mine. I've been making moves before, but if I'm truly going to get custody of Zhane I'll have to make even bigger ones. 

Two months later...

Kymona POV

It has been awhile since Jazmine and I have done anything together. We've checked on each other through video chat and messages, but we haven't seen each other face to face since she last left my place. We still claim each other as girlfriend and girlfriend, but we never really set an actual date saying that we were official. I'm thinking I might want to run down to her place and maybe cook something for her and let her know I'm still here with her. I may even make it official while I'm there. I'm tired of playing cat and mouse. I just want to be with her and make it last forever. She and I have both been so busy with work that we haven't spoken for the past two weeks. She's working on a big presentation for some huge clients. As for me I signed two new models, Honey and Hazel, and I've been working more with some of my most heavy hitting clients. I've been going to parties, doing promotions and doing radio shows to get them all types of recognition. To be honest I'm good at my job, but I've needed a vacation since yesterday. The parties and meeting new people was cool, but I'm starting to get tired of all that. Don't get me wrong I love to have a nice time, but I don't want to get myself caught up in anymore trouble. I'm doing my best to keep everything clear for me and Jazz and I refuse to mess that up. 

After clearing things up at the office, I headed home to pack some overnight clothes and pick up some groceries. Jazz let me keep a spare key to her house as long as I promised to use it only to check on her or the house in case I haven't heard from her in awhile. I have to say I'm proud of myself for not using it to satisfy my sexual cravings. It's seriously been like three months since I've had any and I feel like i could burst at any moment. Yeah I could please myself with the occasional toy, but I feel like with so much frustration pent up, it will make the sex I plan to have with Jazz even better. When I pulled up I saw her car parked in the yard. From all the dirt piled on it, I can tell she hasn't left here in quite some time. She loves for things to be clean so I know she has to really be stressing over this presentation. I called out for her when I got inside, but I didn't get a response. The living room was a mess and the floors were covered with papers, pens, charts, just everything that screamed work. I went to the kitchen and saw nothing but take out bags and what looked to be a week's worth of dishes in the sink. I continued calling out for her, but I still didn't get an answer. Of course my mind went left and I thought the worst was happening. Taking off down the hall, I ran to her room only to find her passed out sleeping with the TV on. There were cans of energy drinks and pills surrounding her and the bed. She looked a mess, like she hadn't washed her ass in days. Her hair was all over the place and it looked like she lost a bit of color. 

"Jazmine," I lightly shook her and she grunted. I sighed a sigh of relief. Thank God she's alive and breathing. I lifted her deadweight off the bed and pulled her up on me. "Jazmine, baby you have to wake up."

"Mmmm."

"Come on Jazz wake up baby." I kept shaking her and lightly tapping her face until I saw those beautiful eyes of hers.

"Ky? What are you doing here?"

"A wah happen to yuh? Yuh disappeared on me." My accent was coming out and I had to fight and put it away quickly because I know how much that turns her on. I could already see a glimmer in her eyes from the moment it came out. "I came over to make sure you were okay and from the looks of it you aren't."

"I'm fine."

"I can physically see with my eyes that you are not fine. What's going on with you?"

"I'm losing my mind. I have so much on my plate and I just don't feel like I can handle any of it. I have to present my idea for this new building they'll be constructing and I have to make sure everything is perfect. I have to plan, budget, coordinate and make sure the job is being done to completion and not rushed. This was supposed to be a simple presentation until my boss decided I should present it at a dinner party in front of thousands of people. On top of that I'm still trying to find the perfect lawyer to help me gain custody of Zhane and I'm worried at the same time I won't be able to do right by her when I do gain custody and..." 

All those damn energy drinks had her speaking faster than the people on the commercials trying to tell you, but not tell you the side effects of their new "cure all" drug. I took a breath like it was me doing all the talking. I placed one of my hands over her mouth forcing her to stop talking and look me in the eyes.

"Gyal you do know that I'm here to help you, right? If you and I are going to be together you have to understand that I'm going to be here for you."

"Thank you boo." She was about to lean in and give me a kiss, but I cut that short real quick. We ain't that much in love for me to be kissing her and she hasn't washed her ass in days.

"We together in all, but you funky baby."

"Kymona stop talking about me. I'm going through a tough time."

"Well I'm here now so things are about to get easier. What you need to do is get that ass in the shower and stay in there until the hot water turns cold."

The minute she got in the shower, I started cleaning the room. While I was straightening everything up, I came across some letters from both Zhane and Jaylen. There were three from Jaylen and none of them had been opened. Needless to say, it made me smile from ear to ear. Something as small as her not reading his letters means she's really serious about us. She's no longer afraid to face those feelings that she has for me. I'm also proud of myself for not opening the letters and trying to figure out what he wanted. By the time she came out of the shower, I had the kitchen cleaned, clothes were washing, and I had started on dinner. 

"It smells good as fuck in here," Jazz kissed my shoulder and I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. 

"You know I'm never a lost soul when it comes to cooking. Besides you've been eating garbage for the past two weeks. It's time for some real food."

"The way you cook I'm going to gain ten pounds from just looking at it."

"There's nothing wrong with that ass getting fatter. Come taste this." I spoon fed her some of the gravy from the pot. The way her lips curled on the spoon only reminded me of how her lips attached to my sacred pearl. Some of the gravy began to drip from her lip, but she caught it just in time before it made it's way down her chest. That tongue, that long beautiful tongue that I just want to feel at the opening of my thighs leading its way into my wetness. I couldn't help but to stare at her as I heard a slight moan escape from her lips as she dwelled on the delightful flavors coming from the gravy alone. Those lips were calling for me and I was trying my hardest not to answer. Every second I looked at her, my mind and body were yelling at me to just take her right there in the kitchen. I was fighting hard, but I knew I would lose the battle at any moment. I gave in to my desires and kissed her once, then twice, then I pushed my tongue inside of her mouth as she allowed me to overtake the flavors that once graced her tongue. I pulled her into me only to have her push me away. 

"I want it too baby. Trust me Ky I want it so bad."

"Then why are you stopping me?" I grabbed for her again only for her to slap my hand away. She grabbed me by the face and kissed me one more time before looking me in the eyes.

"Neither of us have gotten tested yet. We promised that to each other before getting deep into this relationship. I told you I don't want to screw this up anymore. So please let's wait until we get tested before we do anything."

"Fine. We'll get tested a few days before your presentation."

"Why then?"

"That way when we get the results back, we can celebrate on the good news and how great you did on your presentation."

She kissed me passionately once more and headed off to the living room. Jazz has no idea how good I'm gonna beat that pussy up when we get the results back from these tests. I've been fantasizing about so many positions, tricks, just UGH. Wait on it baby, just muthafuckin' wait on it.