 Jazmine POV

Here I am at Ky's house trying to make amends for the dumb accusation I've made against her, and in walks these twin girls with nothing but a towel on. Granted I'm not the purest of pearls, but damn, it took Kymona less than a full day before going back to her wild ways and getting with multiple women. I wanted to scream because no matter what we did, it didn't seem like trust would ever be a factor in our so-called relationship. Without trust in a relationship there's nothing worth trying to hold onto. Kymona was looking at the girls with a confused look as they continued to smile their bright smiles. 

"Is this what you had to tell me? You're sleeping around again?"

"No...yes...not those words exactly."

"Then exactly what do you call this? It's been less than twenty-four hours and you've already got me beat by one body count."

"Yes I slept with two other women, but it wasn't these two. I honestly don't know who they are and how they got here. I had a lot to drink last night and my memory is a little fuzzy at the moment." 

One of the twins decided to speak up and state their case in the situation. "My name is Hazel and this is obviously my twin sister Honey. We met Kymona at the club last night and she invited us to follow her back here. When we got here she decided to have some more drinks and she got beyond drunk. She was slurring her words, stumbling all over the place, just a regular hot mess."

"We took her up to her room and got her undressed and put her to bed with some medicine and a few bottles of water," Honey took over the story. "About ten this morning I went in to check on her and I saw that she threw up and pissed the bed. I dragged her out of the bed and into the bathroom to get her cleaned up, while Hazel stripped the bed and put fresh sheets on it."

I looked over at Kymona and I could tell she was embarrassed to say the least. Not only did she get pissy drunk, literally, but it happened in front of a couple of strangers. All she was able to do was cover her face and shake her head.

"Well if that's all that happened why are y'all still in her house and where are your clothes?"

"Our clothes got messed up while we were helping Kymona so they are currently being washed," Hazel said. "As for our appearance now, after we took our showers we decided to go skinny-dipping in the pool outback and then we got in the jacuzzi tub that's in the guest room. We just stayed to make sure she would be okay when she woke up."

After all of that I was just glad to know that Kymona hadn't slept with four women in such a short time. I was still hurt to find out that she slept with two other women at all though. After Honey and Hazel left, the house was dead silent. I'm lost in my own thoughts of whether we should even try anymore. Every time we show the slightest of interest in one another something comes along to shred everything to pieces. I don't know what our next move is at this point.

Kymona POV

I couldn't have been more grateful when the twins said that we didn't sleep together. I would have shocked myself having a track record of four women in less than twenty-four hours. Not saying that I couldn't handle it, but that's not the point. What's got me most of all is the fact that Jazz came over to try and make things work between us. For someone who has no interest in females, she's fighting hard for me. Right now that's speaking a lot of volumes and that's kind of a turn on at this point. Grabbing her by the hand I lead her to the living room and sat her on the couch next to me. If we're really going to make this work we need to get some things out the way.

"Look Jazz what I was trying to tell you was that I did sleep with two other women. One I've known for quite sometime and the other I think was a friend of hers. I'll admit that it was childish of me to seek revenge like that knowing what I told you a couple days ago."

"The last time I checked you took those three little words back."

"That's because I was pissed off with what was happening at the moment. Jazz I've been known to fall easily for someone I feel is right for me. Until you came along I hadn't felt the urge to utter those words to anyone. I respect the way you got the courage to come here and clear the air. That means a lot to me."

"I know I can be stubborn Ky, but if I'm wrong I'm willing to admit that. On the drive over here all I could think about was the conversations we had back at the penthouse and the time you spent with my daughter. I've told you things that I've never told anyone and that says a lot about how I'm vibing with you. I want to give us a real try and see how far we can take this."

"I feel the same, but first we need to set some ground rules. First rule is whenever we have a problem we talk it out. None of that walking out shit or having a temper tantrum."

"Agreed."

"Second rule is we don't hide anything from each other no matter how hard it may be."

"Well I think we've gotten that part under control, but I'll agree to it."

"The final rule is no revenge sex or discussing our problems with outsiders. No niggas, no bitches, none of that shit. Sex will only be allowed between the two of us."

"There's going to be a problem with the last part of that rule."

I know I may have looked a little cross-eyed from the pain I was feeling from the hangover, but I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion. Was she really about to start some bullshit right now? Where does the problem come in with not fucking other people besides each other? "What's the issue with the last rule? Is it going to be hard for you to be faithful?"

"Okay first off, don't come at me like that. If memory serves me right, you fucked other people as well. Two people at that."

"You're absolutely right. I'm sorry, but what's the issue?"

"What I was going to say was we won't be having sex for awhile."

"We who? And what's awhile?"

"We as in Jazmine P. and Kymona W. and awhile being a few months."

"Come again? Say what now?"

"Ky we both are well aware of our sexual attraction to each other, but we've both gotten activity from other people. Yeah I know it's too late after we've already had sex, but we should still get tested before we take this any further."

I can understand where she's coming from whole-heartedly, but my freaky side is throwing a tantrum. How am I supposed to be around this beautiful woman and not touch her? That's like buying me a brand new Bugatti and telling me not to drive it. Why the fuck did you give it to me then?! Ughh I don't know how I'm going to make it through this. 

"Hello in there." Jazz starts tapping the side of my head. "Are you okay?"

"I am...going to manage I guess. I mean I've never went months without getting some pussy." 

"Baby you and I both know that I have the goods that is worth the wait and it just gets better and better with time. I'm only doing this because we always break the no sex rule. We need to talk more and get use to each others ways. You can clearly see I'm a lot to deal with."

"You're right. I'm willing to give it a try. I'm not saying I'm happy about it, but I'll give it a shot."

"Okay thank you. If this, our relationship, is going to work though, I have to know some things."

"Some things like what?"

"Your family, maybe even someone you are closest to. You know about my deepest most hidden secret. You know about the bitch of a mother that raised me, my loveable father, bits and pieces about my brother and you've met the devil himself at my door. I just want to know about the people that have made you become the woman you are today. Who drives you, if not what, to do the things you do everyday? I want to know a side of Kymona that no one else has gotten to see or decided to push away."

"Jazz I am a simple woman. I love my job and I love doing me so that's what I do. There aren't many chapters to my book."

"What you are doing now could possibly damage us before we've really started. I can understand it won't be easy especially considering the rollercoaster ride I've put you through. As for your book, there were many chapters, you just decided to rip them out when they no longer fit the Kymona you've created yourself to be." 

Jazmine started walking towards the door getting ready to leave. "Where are you going? Are you upset because I won't answer your question right now?"

"I'm going home to think about our conversation and what I want out of this relationship. I'm going to think about how we're going to benefit each other and stop tearing each other apart."

"Are you upset? You didn't answer that part." 

"Upset...no. A little hurt...yes, but it's okay. As we grow with time we'll learn a lot about each other along the way. I'll talk to you later."

She blew a kiss my way and headed out the door. It's not that I didn't want to tell her about those things, it's just I don't know where to start. My life wasn't good nor was it bad, it just is what is is. I was raised in a family of two completely different cultures so the beliefs were nowhere near the same. Granted I gave a nonchalant answer when she asked, but that's not how I meant for it to come off. I didn't want Jazmine to think I was treating her curiosity as unimportant. Don't get me wrong I was going to be petty because that's just who I am. The only reason I changed my mind about being petty was because she asked who I was closest to. That one simple question basically shut me down. How do you explain to someone that you're trying to be with, that the woman that hurt you the most is the one you are closest to? Some people could understand it, but Jazmine isn't some people. She's the type of person where once you cross her that's it. I can be that person too, except when it comes to my ex. I couldn't even begin to image the type of conversation the two of them would have if I brought them in the same room.

Once Jazmine left I took some medicine and slumped on my couch in front of my TV with my laptop. If I'm going to make things right with her, I need to get my shit together. A night like last night can never happen again and I need to stay focused on my job. While I thought of how to approach the situation with Jazz, I called my assistant and told her to have Zuri's file on my desk prepared for termination. I'd probably catch some backlash for this, but I've already got TWO replacements in mind. Before my eyes were about to shut from the pills, there was one last thing that I had to do. I scrolled through my call list to the last woman I called last night and sent the text, "The End."