 "Lyssa, I can't believe what your saying. You won't have sex with me of your own accord, but you would have me beat you into submission. I can't get my head around that. I feel like I'm in some weird waking dream. Do you mean that you'd allow me to beat you without condemning me for it? I find this so bizarre that I'm not certain you actually said what I think I heard."

"Jo, I can't do what you want without being forced. If you want me to do it, you'll just have to, as you said, beat me into submission. Jo, I have to be open about things. My parents taught me to be honest even though it may cause problems. I have trouble even with fibs or little white lies."

"Lys, this is unreal. You are unreal. You must be pulling my chain. No one tells someone else how to get herself to cooperate -- to do something she doesn't want to do."

"I do mean it, Jo. I'm willing to let you hurt me, so that I can help you. It's the only way."

"You are some sort of angel. I can't believe you're real. Will you tell me if I hurt you too much?"

"No, Jo, that wouldn't work. You will have to hurt me until I can't tolerate it."

"Sugar plum, let's sleep on it. I have such mixed emotions right now that I think I'll explode."

Joanna woke the next morning with Lyssa sucking on her nipple. She was instantly turned on. Again, she licked Lyssa to orgasm but stayed away from the girl's G Spot.

"I'm ready, Jo. Can we go down to the basement?"

They had breakfast. No. Lyssa had breakfast. Joanna was too agitated. You would think it was Joanna who would be beaten or ...

They went down to the basement and Joanna opened the 'equipment' cabinet. 

"Which one of these instruments do you want me to use on you, honey?"

"Which one will hurt the most and make me give in the quickest? Let's not prolong this, Jo."

Jo took out a two-inch wide strap and told Lyssa to stand in the middle of the room. Lyssa clasped her hands atop her head, moved her legs apart, and braced herself. The stroke caught her at the bottom of her buttocks. She screamed, rubbed the bruised cheeks, and danced around a little. 

"That won't work, Jo. I feel like running to get away from the pain. Can you tie me, so I can't move?"

"Yes, honey. Stay there."

Joanna moved the triangular bar to a hook near the center of the room and lowered it. She cuffed Lyssa's wrists and clipped them to the ends of the bar. She pressed the winch motor button until Lyssa was lifted two inches off the floor. She picked up the belt and swung it, hitting Lyssa across her bottom again. Lyssa screamed and kicked her legs causing her to spin several times. 

This wasn't working either. Joanna retrieved a spreader bar from the cabinet, cuffed Lyssa's ankles, and attached them to the spreader bar. She took two, flanged eyebolts from the cabinet and pressed them into spring-loaded caps in the floor about four feet apart. She twisted and locked them into place; she fastened the spreader bar to the eyebolts and when the winch button was pressed again, Lyssa was spread eagled in mid air.

Using a switch - a cane - this time, she struck Lyssa's bottom and thighs a half dozen times. Each time, Lyssa would scream which caused Joanna to cry. She couldn't bear Lyssa's shrieks. She took off her panties and stuffed them into the girl's mouth. They were drenched from Joanna's excitement and calmed Lyssa down a little. Joanna hit the girl a half dozen more times, expecting her to cry 'enough' through the panties gag, but she didn't. 

"Lys, I just can't hit you anymore. It's causing me as much pain as it does you. Furthermore, it's leaving welts on your ass -- bottom that probably won't fade for days if not weeks; your skin is so soft. I'm letting you down. We'll have to think of something else."

Joanna began lowering the girl. When it was obvious that Lyssa's legs wouldn't hold her, Joanna draped the girl over her shoulder as she pressed the down button. When freed from the spreader bars, Lyssa rubbed her bottom and allowed herself to be carried to the table. Her eyes were wet with tears, but she wasn't crying. 

"Pull your knees back, honey. I'm going to eat -- lick you. Maybe that'll soothe your pain."

She pushed her tongue into the girl's vagina and was rewarded with a mouthful of fluid. Lyssa was soaking wet and still pumping more. Joanna had to suck for a few minutes until Lyssa was dry enough for friction. Licking the girl's clitoris, Joanna also stroked her G Spot. On cue, Lyssa ejaculated -- over both of them. After another shower, Joanna took Lyssa back to the bedroom where she applied lotion to the girl's buttocks. She couldn't stop herself from raining kisses on the plump bottom. They curled up together and slept for several hours until they were both feeling better. However, Lyssa was no closer to pleasing Joanna than she was before the beating. She seemed to have a very high pain threshold. Later that afternoon, they returned to the basement. Lyssa looked through the cabinet and found some odd looking clips.

"Maybe you won't have to beat me again. These may work, Jo."

Joanna had the girl sit on the table with her feet up beside her. She nudged Lyssa's knees further apart and was about to attach the clips to the girl's pubic lips.

"Lys, you have only vestiges of inner labia. I'll have to clip your outer lips."

Lyssa nodded and leaned back on her elbows. Joanna clipped those tender lips and waited.

"It hurts a lot, Jo, but it's not enough. I can still tolerate the pain. Clip them to my nipples."

"Unbelievable," thought Joanna. "This girl is telling me how to torture her."

Joanna pulled the clips from Lyssa's nether lips and applied the first one to a nipple. Lyssa shrieked and pulled the clip off. 

"You'll have to tie my hands, Jo. That was an automatic response."

Joanna replaced the wrist cuffs and snapped the girl's hands behind her back. 

Again, she clipped a nipple and Lyssa's legs shot out and kicked Joanna so hard that she fell backward onto the floor. Still winded from the kick, she got up and took the clip off Lyssa's nipple. Lyssa was evidently in a lot of pain; she was crying uncontrollably. Joanna led the girl back to the triangle bar hanging from the ceiling hook. She fastened Lyssa's hands, still behind her back, to the bar causing the girl to bend over - not looking into Joanna's eyes. After fastening the girl's feet to the floor bolts and putting her panties into Lyssa's mouth, Joanna replaced the nipple clamp. Lyssa screamed through the panty gag and tried to get free. Joanna attached the second nipple clamp and Lyssa spit the panties out of her mouth and began shrieking. 

"Jo, enough, it's enough, I'll do what you want. Please take the clamps off. They're going to pinch my nipples off. I can't stand the pain. Please, Jo, ..." She fainted.

Joanna hurriedly removed the clamps, took the girl down and carried her back to the bedroom. 

Lyssa awoke in the morning and inspected her nipples. She thought that they would be crushed or gone. Other than a slight soreness, they were fine. Joanna was still asleep as Lyssa moved down and, true to her word, began to kiss Joanna's genitals. She wanted to do this before Joanna woke up; she couldn't face Joanna, as she was so embarrassed that she was performing oral sex on another woman. Lyssa tentatively licked the woman's vagina, slowly and gently at first, but as it was much more pleasurable than she had anticipated, she lost herself in the moment. With almost a roar, Joanna orgasmed, waking from a dream in which Lyssa had had her smooth cheeks between Joanna's thighs and was licking her. Lyssa had to hold tight to Joanna's hips to keep from being bucked off; she continued licking Joanna's vagina. Joanna realized that she wasn't dreaming anymore and that Lyssa actually had licked her to orgasm. She sat up, pulled the young woman up to her face, began kissing her, and licking her own juices from that sweet face. She almost passed out from the emotions she was feeling.

Joanna never had to hurt Lyssa again to have her 'perform'. The two women made a joke of it. When Joanna wanted oral sex from Lyssa, she would show the clips to her. Lyssa would pretend to be terrified, they would both laugh, and Lyssa would lick Joanna to orgasm. 

Although Lyssa was being submissive, she still was not content with her situation. She wanted to leave and control her own life. She had to escape. She yearned for marriage, children, a little house, and the proverbial white picket fence. 

A year went by with no change in their lives; however, Lyssa was becoming morose. She had been locked up in this house all that time. She wanted -- needed - some outside activity, but Joanna wouldn't let her out. She knew Lyssa would run away, or worse, she would run away and report the situation to the police. 

"Jo, we used to have such fun doing things before you took me to be your sex slave. Please, let's do some of those things again."

"Sugary sweetness, how can we go out in public? I know I'd lose you."

"Well, you could handcuff me to you or put a chain on my ankle."

"Wouldn't that be a scandal when people saw that? Think up another way, honey. That won't work."

Weeks went by with Lyssa becoming sadder. 

"Jo, I've been looking on the Internet for an idea, I think I've found something that might be the answer. I see where girls have their nipples pierced and have a fine gold chain attached to the nipple rings. We could do that but have the chain come down inside my blouse sleeve to a ring. I wouldn't dare escape with you holding onto that ring. I would be completely under your control and people probably wouldn't notice."

"You are the oddest woman! Only you could dream up a scenario like that. However, you still might find a way to get away once we were out somewhere. There would be times when I would need both hands free like in a restaurant. No, that won't work either."

Just then, Brutus let Joanne know he had to go outside. Joanne attached a heavy leather leash to his collar; Brutus knew that he was to be obedient to whoever held that leather leash. Joanne took him outside. An idea came to her as she walked the dog. She would run it by Lyssa later. 

"Lys, maybe your idea could work. I don't like the idea of marring your nipples, but it could be a way. Instead of me holding the ring, it could be attached to Brutus' collar by another chain. Everyone knows Brutus is well trained and even restaurants allow me to bring him with me. You would have to hold the ring connecting you to Brutus, but I doubt that anyone would notice that." 

Joanne wouldn't dare use the leather leash for Lyssa to hold.

Joanna didn't want to take Lyssa to a piercing parlor, as she wouldn't be under her control Joanna finally found an online site that sold the paraphernalia that they'd need to pierce Lyssa's nipples. 

After much deliberation, tears, and angst, they decided to go through with the plan. Lyssa was eager to do it, as she could be semi-free. She could go into the outside world. Joanna was not so eager as it meant putting needles through those beautiful nipples, and she would have to remove the rings whenever she wanted to suck them. 

Lyssa sat on the basement table, where she had had so many gushing orgasms, and watched as Joanna sterilized the needles and rings for the umpteenth time. Strangely, she was not frightened; maybe she was a masochist. The women had read details from the Internet telling how to perform the procedure, but Joanna couldn't be sure she would be able to do it. She sighed deeply from time to time.

The rings that she had gotten from online were stainless steel; however, she replaced them with gold rings from the jewelry store. From the questions that Joanne asked, the woman clerk knew what she planned to do with the rings and made suggestions. Joanna purchased two pair of them. She also bought gold chain that the clerk had shown her. She had paid a small fortune for her purchases.

Joanna approached the girl with a tray containing the needed equipment and set it on the table beside Lyssa. She sat down in one of the dining chairs, took a deep breath and looked Lyssa in the eyes.

"Sugary sweetness, do you still want to go through with this? I'm shaking, and you're sitting there so calmly that you could be expecting me to be caressing your lovely boobs instead of mutilating them. You would show more emotion if I were caressing them."

"Jo, of course I want to go through with the piercing. I'm looking forward to it."

Joanna used a marker pen to put dots where the needles would be inserted. She took one of Lyssa's ripe, succulent breasts in her hand, clamped the nipple with forceps, and picked up the needle with ring attached. She placed the needle point on the dot and breathed deeply. She took the forceps off the nipple.

"Sugar plum, I just can't bring myself to put the needle into your nipple."

"Jo, you found the strength to shove that pole into my vagina and push the catheter into my urethra. You were able to whip me. The clamps you put on my nipples hurt worse than I believe the needle will. Please put the rings in. I am so anticipating going outside this house. Please do it."

Again, Joanna took that sweet breast in her hand, clamped it again, and placed the needle against the dot. She didn't want to take overlong to pierce the nipple, but she didn't want to make a mistake either. Holding her breath and steadying herself, she pushed the needle through the lovely nipple, followed by the gold ring. Lyssa winced, but Joanna had cried out. Not wanting to lose her nerve, Joanna quickly held the Lyssa's other breast, clamped the nipple, pushed the needle through, and seated the ring. She followed up by fastening the rings with gold, ruby covered, balls. The rubies were real and had been drilled to house the gold fastener inside. Joanna was wiped out. Lyssa jumped off the table and went to the mirror. 

"Jo, I love them. They're beautiful. My nipples are a little sore, but not too much."

Jo felt like fainting.

"Sugar, I can't expect you to have gone through this ordeal without my doing it, too. You're going to pierce me as well. I bought two more rings for me. I'm ten times as nervous as you were, but I have to do this." "Be gentle with me," she joked.

Joanna's breasts were larger than Lyssa's and sagged just a little. Lyssa had sucked on those nipples every morning upon awakening -- and many other times. It was one thing she heartily enjoyed in this enforced lesbian relationship.

"Oh, Jo, no," she cried. "They'll get in the way when I want to suckle."

"I'll take them out at bedtime or any other time you want to suck. Okay?"

"Alright, but I'm not happy about it."

Lyssa proceeded along the same lines that Joanna had in piercing her. She was able to pierce the older woman's larger nipples more easily. She didn't seem to have qualms about pushing the needles through Joanna's flesh. However, Joanna felt a lot of pain as the needles and rings went through her nipples. She felt that she deserved the pain.

They stood side by side in front of the mirror admiring their new body jewelry. Joanna asked the girl if she wanted her belly button pierced, but Lyssa said no. The nipple piercing, although the rings delighted her, had been a means to an end.

A few days later, they attached a short chain between Lyssa's nipple rings. Lyssa waggled her shoulders back and forth causing her now weighted breasts to jiggle and the chain to jingle. She laughed with glee, clapped her hands, and said she was now like Helga. Joanna made a face and shook her head. She thought Lyssa looked like a child and sometimes acted like one. Perhaps it was Lyssa's childlike demeanor that so endeared her to Joanna. She felt overcome with love for the girl. "God's in his heaven; all's right with the world" never had such meaning for her. She now had everything she wanted in life -- except Lyssa's happiness. Her mixed emotions played havoc with her.

----

Dear readers, this story has taken on a life of its own. I am trying desperately to conclude it, but as you can see, I am not successful in that endeavor. I had anticipated writing only three chapters. Now it's five and the story isn't over yet. Hang in there, I'm trying very hard to give you a conclusion. 