 Jazmine POV

There is two hours left before tonight's events and I still haven't spoken to Kymona since this morning. I've been too busy trying to make sure the last minute touches were done for the showroom, my presentation, and get Zhane to tell me why she ran away. Usually I wouldn't have to work so hard at getting her to talk to me because she comes to me about everything. I just want to know, have to know, that she's okay. I want this night to be a success...nah fuck that it's GOING to be a success. I'm going to wow my boss, Ky's performers are going to be great and I'll get custody of my daughter like I should've had a long time ago. As we are getting ready I get a call from Kymona. I was trying to avoid her until I see her tonight, but I can't.

"Hello."

"Jazz please tell me you forgive me? I've been trying to apologize all day and you know I'm not one to say sorry."

"I know babe, I know. Thank you for apologizing. I'm still a lil hurt you still feel like you can't trust me, but it's clear that I haven't made trusting me an easy thing to do." 

"That much is true."

"Look I promise that I'm not doing anything crazy. I said I love you, I mean that shit and I'm not gonna do anything else to have you thinking you can't trust me."

"Damn that shit sounds sexy as fuck coming from your lips."

"How's that?"

"Remember you said you'd never be mine, but here you are saying you love me and all this mushy shit."

"Oh my god woman whatever." With everything that took place today, this was the first time I was able to relax my shoulders, exhale and laugh a little bit. 

"So Ms. Piedmont am I coming to get you tonight?"

"I wanted you to, but I actually have a surprise for you. It was actually a surprise to myself too, but that's neither here nor there."

"What a coincidence because I have a surprise for you as well?"

"Like what?" 

"You'll see when you get here. I pray you like it and I didn't overstep my bounds." 

"I hope you didn't do anything crazy Ky."

"Me do something crazy? That's not even my style. Mi luv yuh and mi see yuh lickkle more."

Before I could respond she hung up. She knows damn well I get turned on when she talks like that and she never tells me what it is she's saying. Shit I got thirty minutes to get ready, I better get a move on it. 

Pulling up to the venue, everything is exactly how I planned it to be. Men in their tux, women in their best gowns, some in cocktail dresses, but it's all good. From the many people I see in the parking lot I can tell this is going to be a great turnout. As I'm walking inside I am greeted by my boss. How he spotted me out of a sea of people I don't know. Who the fuck am I lying to, I'm the baddest muhfucka out here. I was turning heads in my all white attire. A plunging, v-neck dress to see enough of my plump breast and a split high enough to catch a glimpse of my thighs. My hair going so far down my back it was able to slap my ass a high five.

"Jazmine you look gorgeous as usual." He tries to take my hand but Zhane is clutching to it mad tight. "Hello young lady. What's your name?"

"This is my lil twin Zhane. She's not much of a people person."

"Well that's alright. I see you don't have a date to accompany you inside and I believe you said you would. I'm guessing things fell through the cracks with your gentleman friend?"

Before I could respond, I took a glance around him and saw the flashing lights of cameras bouncing off of someone's outfit. . My eyes followed the flashing lights that landed on Kymona. She locks eyes with me causing me to smile hard. She was wearing this glamorous, shimmering, spaghetti dress with a plunging neckline. It was a mixture of pink and silver with dark purple and blue in the middle. She was showing off way more of her juicy thighs than I was and I damn sure couldn't be mad about it. To top it all off she had straightened her hair and added ombre highlights to it. All I could do was bite my bottom lip as she began to walk over. 

Kymona POV

I was watching Jazz from across the way as this older man approached her and tried to get his mack on. Can't say she was looking fine as hell because I'd be telling a big ass lie. As I admired her body in her dress, my eyes dropped down to see Zhane at her side. That must be the surprise she was talking about. Seeing them together made me smile even more. Jazz looked so happy to have Zhane with her. While I'm trying to steal glances of my lady, I constantly have people talking to me or trying to flirt. On top of that I have to take pictures with some of my clients to help them get some more exposure. By the time I look up again, Jazz and I lock eyes. She smiles a bright smile which makes me smile. I take that as my cue to walk over and save her from this aggravating man. Walking up behind him, I stand off to the side just a little to hear how the conversation is going. 

"Come on Ms. Piedmont don't leave me in suspense. Will you be accompanying me inside since your date stood you up?"

"What makes you think I got stood up? Is it because we didn't show up together?"

"Of course. Whomever he is he's a damn fool and knows nothing about chivalry."

I shifted my foot causing Zhane to see me and she let go of Jazmine's hand to come to me. I walked around the man and stood between him and Jazz, my back turned to him. 

"Hey beautiful," I lean in to give her a kiss. After I pull away she stares at me up and down slightly biting at her bottom lip.

"Hey gorgeous, what took you so long?"

"Some business stuff, but I couldn't stay away much longer after seeing you in this outfit. Damn yuh lukk good gal."

"Thank you. You're looking quite delicious yourself." 

Pulling me to her side she introduces me to the man that is for some odd reason still standing here. Staring him dead in his eyes I give him a weak smile and a limp handshake. Before he is able to utter another word, I walk around him with Jazmine and Zhane in tow. I'm ready to get this night over with so I can get Jazz in my bed. Everything is going smoothly and I can't say that I doubted it would. When it was time for Jazz to give her presentation in the conference room, I was there as promised. I knew she was nervous at first, but seeing Zhane and my face in the crowd made everything easier. She killed that presentation just like I said she would. Next it was my turn to impress my boss and show off my big surprise. Every last one of my people did even better than when they practiced. My boss was smiling, Zhane looked happy about them and Jazz stared at me so much I don't know if she even saw half of the acts that were on stage. Now came time for me introduce my big surprise and my final act for the night. 

"Ladies and gentlemen thank you all for coming out tonight to support such great and talented people. Now I'm aware that on your programs that the models were the last people to come on the stage, but I have one more act. The gentleman that is about to come before is so talented that I actually signed him this morning. You've actually heard him play as the models were walking the catwalk. Now it is time to show the face of the talent and let him show you more of what it is he can do. Ladies and gentlemen I introduce to you Damien."

Stepping down from the stage, I go take my seat by Jazmine to see what she thinks of my surprise. From the moment he walks out onto the stage, she can't take her eyes off of him. The way she's looking at him is as if it's a dream and he's really not there. She finally turns her head to me and I can see the tears welling up in her eyes.

"Is this my surprise? You met my brother?"

"Yeah. Is there something wrong? Do you two not get along or something?"

"We got along just fine. It's just...thank you baby."

She pulled me into a hug, kissed me and returned her gaze back to her brother. I was hoping she would be happy, but now I'm a little bit confused as to what there relationship is. His set ends and he returns behind the curtains. Everybody goes on to enjoy the food, dance and mingle while I take Jazmine and Zhane backstage. The two of them stand there looking at each other for what seemed like a long time before embracing each other. I thought Zhane would have went over to him, but she didn't seem to know who he was. 

"Oh my god Damien! You look so good big brother. I missed you so much."

"You look even better sis. Thank God I ran into Kymona otherwise I would have never found you again."

They stood there hugging for a long while until I broke them apart. A bitch was getting hungry and I couldn't stand around all this mushy shit on an empty stomach. After we piled our plates, we went over to a secluded area so everybody could catch up on the what's what of things.

"So Damien and Jazz when was the last time you saw each other?"

"God what has it been like six years? I left for a good job opportunity at first, but then I got myself caught up with the wrong crowd. Started using drugs, lost my job and well you know how the rest of it goes. I came back for our dad's funeral, but after that I was just in and out of jobs mostly because of my drug use. Jazz I gotta tell you I'm sorry that I left you alone. I knew how moms was treating you and I never even came back to help."

"No you didn't, but it's okay."

"No it's not, but as you can see I'm all clean. I have been for quite some time now and I owe that all to my lady."

"Your lady?"

"Oh yeah that's right Damien I almost forgot," I finally chimed in. "Where is your girl? I thought you were bringing her tonight?"

"Crazy you ask because there she is walking up now. Jazmine, Kymona, this is my lady Sierra."

Jazmine's eyes got wide, but they couldn't have been wider than mine. When Sierra locked eyes with me we were both shook. The table was quiet as hell and I swear I felt like I was going to throw up everything I ate. I looked over to Jazz and her expression changed from shock to confusion.

"Um Ky what's going on here?"

"Sierra..."

"I know who she is because I met her earlier today about Zhane. Now how do you know her?"

"Zhane? Why would my girl be talking to you about our lil cuz?"

"I'm not answering that right now Damien. Right now Ky needs to get the damn cat off her tongue and explain to me why she so stuck on yo girl?"

"Why you mad about it? Yall fucking or something?"

"Yes we are and watch ya mouth around my dau..."

"YOUR WHAT?!"

"Nothing, D."

"No it's something. You were about to say..." he paused and looked back and forth at Zhane and Jazmine. "You've got to be shitting me. The time you left home for so long? That's how Aunt C magically got...OH MY GOD!!"

"D please shut up! I haven't explained it to her yet. She don't know. Nobody knows except mama and Ky and now you. Now like I said I will answer you about that later. KYMONA WEI!!"

My head snapped back to Jazz who was now showing she was fed up with whatever games she thought I might be playing with her. I grabbed my drink and tried to get my thoughts right. 

"Sierra is my sister."