 Jazmine POV

It has now been a full three weeks and I'm still staying at Kymona's place. I've taken advantage of her home office to get some work done because I still don't feel up to going in physically. I'm also not ready to go back home yet. I feel good being here with her. She cooks for me, teaches me how to cook some of her meals from back home, teaches me traditional dances...we just have so much fun together. I'm finally getting to know what it's like to have my lover be my best friend and vice versa. Instead of rushing me to leave and telling me to get over my miscarriage, she tells me to take all the time I need. She's been here to hold my hand and comfort me through all my breakdowns and I couldn't thank her enough.

Kymona went into work today and apparently there was a lot going on. She texted me letting me know she wouldn't be in until seven maybe eight tonight. I know she's annoyed because she hates pulling all nighters, especially if she has to stay at the office. Finishing up my work, I get dressed and decide to take my baby something to eat. Yes I said my baby because that's who she is, MY baby. I put on Ky's teal plaid midi bodycon skirt, with a lace black halter top and nothing underneath. Thank God for blessing me with perky titties that sit up no matter what. I topped the outfit off with a black leather jacket left open and black ankle strap open-toed heels. I put on a small amount of makeup and applied drop curls to my hair, taking some of the hair from the top and placing it in a neat bun on the top of my head, laying down my edges. Going to her favorite place, I get a full meal for the both of us and head over to her job. Walking into the building I've got all eyes on me. Females are cutting their eyes at me and the dudes are trying to pull me in every direction they can. I'll admit they're good looking dudes, but I'm here to see my one and only.

"Knock, knock." I make my way into Kymona's office and she's face deep in papers. She lit up the moment she saw me and I could see every last one of her pearly whites. 

"Hey baby. What are you doing here?"

"I figured you wouldn't take a break to eat something so I decided to bring you some food. I can keep you company and give you some help if you need it."

"Aww thank you baby. By the looks of it I'll be here later than what I told you."

"Why is that?"

"I've got clients cancelling gigs which means I have to dish out money from the percentage that I'm supposed to get. Other people are mixing up dates, I've got to plan a showcase for the main boss to see how well we're doing with bringing good talent to the company. I have to redo checks for my clients because I have to add or take away money. There's just so much I have to get done."

"Take a breath boo. I'm here to help with whatever you need. I can start with getting the checks done for you. You know I'm good with numbers."

"I'm so glad you're here." 

She stands up to hug and kiss me then she takes a step back to look at me in her clothes. I do a little spin so she can see how far my ass is sticking out in her skirt. 

"You like what you see?"

"Just stealing all my clothes huh? I can't say I don't love you in them though."

"Thanks love." I go to take off the jacket and she quickly pulls it back on. "What's wrong Ky?"

"Where's your bra? All I see is your nipples staring back at me when I look down."

"Quit acting like you don't love it." I pull the jacket back on. "Sit down and eat."

She sat down and did as she was told taking a forkful of food in her mouth. Standing behind her, I begin to massage her shoulders. She let's out a sigh of relief and I can feel her begin to relax at my fingertips. I figured it was my turn to pamper my baby after all she's done for me. Locking her office door, I told her to lay on the couch and continue her eating food. Propping her legs up onto mine, I take off her heels and begin to massage her thighs, legs, and feet. 

"Oh my goodness this shit feels too good and this food is hitting the spot."

"I figured your greedy ass would appreciate the food." After about fifteen minutes of massaging her lower half, I place her feet back on the floor. 

"Jazz what you doing? Why'd you stop?"

"I see ya ass nodding off down there. Your belly full and I'm rubbing on you which is making you sleepy."

"I'm not sleeping babe, I promise."

"Not buying it." I took off my heels and got ready to take on the night ahead of us. Scanning her desk, I find all the checks and read over the papers attached to see what needs to be added or deducted. From the corner of my eye, I could see her staring at me.

"Your work isn't going to get done by staring at me Ms. Wei," I spoke without lifting my head.

"I know that. It's just you amaze me."

"What do you mean?"

"I'm just thinking about the rollercoaster ride of emotions you took on me before truly deciding, admitting, to being my lady. You're just getting through something traumatic yourself and here you are helping me."

"You cared enough about me to neglect your work to take care of me. If it had not been for me getting caught up in the situation I did and you taking care of me, you wouldn't have to be here all night. Besides I'm your lady so I should be able to help build you up whenever you're having trouble."

"You're really serious about us this time?"

I motion for her to come and sit on my lap and she does just that. Turning her face to me I kiss her passionately. Her hand finds it's way to my face as she tries to deepen the kiss. I pull away from her and look into her eyes.

"Kymona I know what I've done to you in the past and I know how that could leave you to question everything I say and do, but I promise on my life I'm through with all that. Yes there are things I still have to learn about you, being in a relationship with a woman and much more, but I am 100 percent committed to us. I'd be a dumb bitch if I messed up the best thing to ever happen to me."

She kissed me once more before getting up and returning to her desk to finish her work. Just so we're clear everything I said to Kymona I meant it. Granted we haven't been together that long, but after how she's been there for me, I'm going to learn how to let go and learn how to truly love. 

Kymona POV

I had no words for what Jazmine had said. It's not like I didn't care about what she said, I just refuse to allow myself to feel and end up crying and looking weak in front of her. I know I want to be with her and I know that she's mine, but how do I really know she isn't playing me again? I've taken this much of a gamble with getting her to be mine and I still have fears. I know it makes no sense to be with someone if you're not going to trust them, but as I've said before there's something about her that I won't ever be able to let go of. Returning to my desk I bury all of my thoughts back into my work. I'll eventually address what she said but as for now I'll let it linger in the air. It took us all of two hours to get everything completed where it would have taken me all night. Closing everything up, we head out and I drive her to her car. 

"Should I come get my stuff and go home?"

"I thought you were home." She blushed at my statement. 

"I love being there with you Ky, I do, but I still have a house of my own. Besides we haven't gotten to that point of our relationship yet."

"This is true. Tell you what just come stay with me for one more night. After that you can go back home." She agreed and lead the way to my house. Once we got inside I immediately began to strip down. I needed a good shower and just time to relax after such a long day. Walking into my room rubbing oil onto my skin in nothing but boy shorts, I am startled by Jazmine's presence on my bed. For some reason I jumped and tried to find things to hide my nakedness.

"When did you get in here?"

"About ten minutes ago. I was going to wait for you to come downstairs but I started getting sleepy so I came in here."

"Oh." I looked on the nightstand and saw a bottle of wine and two glasses. 

"Why are you trying to hide yourself?"

"Huh? Oh no reason you just scared me that's all. What's the wine for?"

"I figured you want to kick back with some wine and watch Scandal or something while you relax."

Sitting on the bed with my back facing her, I continue to rub oil onto my skin. Before I know it I feel her hands rubbing against my back. She starts massaging from my neck down to my shoulders then to my back. The shit felt so good I had slight moans escaping from my lips. Next came the familiar feeling of full, soft lips caressing my shoulder blades. It was feeling good as hell, but I knew this wasn't the time. There's no way she could be ready for sex right now. Getting up I turn the light off letting only the light from the tv fill the room. Going back to the bed, I crawl under the blanket and try to fight the urges that I have been feeling for quite some time. 

"Ky?"

"Yeah baby?"

"Is something wrong?"

"Are you sure you're ready for sex again after going through all that?"

"I don't want sex. I want to make love and to be intimate with my girlfriend. I want to make you feel good like you've made me feel good." Instead of replying with words, I simply brought her face to mine and kissed her. As she continued to kiss me, she eased my boy shorts off and tossed them to the floor. The feel of her hands on my body was like electric shocks being sent through me. Positioning herself between my legs, she gave my pearl soft kisses and licked up and down my already wet slit. The only thing I could do was get my fingers lost in her hair and she continued to service me with her tongue. I'm usually more into rough sex, but the way she's taking her time to please me is turning me on even more. It's taking everything in me not to come when she's only been down there for five minutes. Just when I'm close to releasing my juices she comes up for air. 

"Why'd you stop baby?"

She glared into my eyes for a moment before sliding her tongue into my mouth and giving me a taste of myself. So focused on the intoxicating kiss, I didn't have time to protest when I felt something sliding into my tight walls. All I could do was gasp against her lips and adjust to the feeling that was taking over me. My hands gripped at her back as she brought her hips closer to me sending the strap deeper in me. She continued to glare at me as my eyes were being sent to the back of my head with every stroke. She kissed me once more before placing her head on the side of mine and she began driving the strap slow, deep and hard inside of me.

"Fuck Jazz I can feel that shit in my stomach." My nails continued to dig into her back which was causing her to moan in my ear. Every single breath she took landed on my skin and sent more chills running through my body. The more I screamed out for her the harder she dug in my walls. I felt like it would never end and I honestly didn't want it to. 

"Say you love me again Ky."

I couldn't find my breath to say anything until she bit into the side of my neck causing me to gasp. "Shiiiiiitttt! Oh FUCK!"

"Say you love me baby."

"I love you Jazz."

"Say it again." She grabbed my thighs and started to go faster. I said it again and again and again until we both came. Jazz collapsed on top of me, her body shaking from her orgasm. I wanted to hug her but my limbs were too heavy from my own orgasm. Before I knew it we were both falling asleep.