 Joanna picked up the plates and started to the kitchen. Lyssa grabbed more of the china and silverware and followed her. They continued this until the dishwasher was loaded. When they could hear the dishwasher running, they moved back to the dining room and finished cleaning up. They had been having dinner several times a week at Joanna's house for the past four months. 

As usual, Joanna suggested they take their drinks down to the media room in the finished basement and relax. There were chairs around the huge TV and the two women sat and sipped their drinks. 

Joanna's dog, Brutus, was lying on the floor between the two women. Joanna had told Lyssa that Brutus had been a police dog but had been too aggressive. At one point in his career, he had torn the throat of a fleeing felon instead of grabbing the man's arm and, of course, there had to be an internal investigation. As it turned out, the man had a gun and was about to shoot Brutus' police handler. Brutus got a second chance. Nineteen months later, under similar circumstances, Brutus almost disemboweled a man about to shoot his handler. Because the large Rottweiler had done his duty as he saw it and saved his master's life, he was not put to sleep, but could no longer be a police dog. Joanna had heard Brutus' story and convinced his owner to sell the dog to her, as she needed protection. Brutus' owner's wife insisted he be sold because they had three small children and she was afraid to trust Brutus. Brutus had been a pussycat when Lyssa came to visit; however, Joanna warned her not to go to the door or a window when Joanna was not around. Brutus had been trained to attack anyone at a door or window unless Joanna told him to sit and stay. Brutus had also been trained to hold someone at bay until he was told to stand down. One day, Lyssa walked into Joanna's house when Joanna failed to answer her knock. Brutus, even though he knew Lyssa, held her at bay, pinned to the spot until Joanna appeared from the bathroom and said, "Brutus, stand down." Lyssa never made that mistake again.

==============

"jo, how can I ever repay you for your hospitality? You never let me pay for anything."

"Honey," said Joanna, "there is a way for you to repay me. You're going to be my sex toy from now on."

"Wha-what? sputtered Lyssa. "Is that supposed to be a joke? What would you do with me? Ha-ha."

"Well, first I'd never allow you to wear clothes again in the house. Then I'd play with your body until I was extremely aroused and my pussy was throbbing and dripping juices. At that point, you would lick those juices off my legs and pussy. Then you'd press those sweet cheeks between my thighs and dip your tongue deep inside me lapping out the rest of my juices. Of course, that tongue going in and out of my pussy would stimulate more lubrication and pussy juice. So you'd have to keep lapping it out - vicious circle don't you see. You would do that at least three times a day to keep me satisfied. I can even foresee you eating me out a dozen or more times a day." 

Lyssa was stunned. "Joanna, what are you thinking? I'm as straight as anyone could be. In fact, I'm really homophobic. I never dreamed you were bi let alone lesbian. I would no more perform oral sex on a woman than I'd have a sex change operation."

"Lyssa honey, you don't have to be a lesbian to eat pussy. A lot of straight women do it. Anyway, you don't have a choice, sweets. This is going to be your new life."

"What in the world are you talking about, Joanna? You must be mad. Ooooh, I see. You're trying to get a rise out of me. Is this one of your psych games? You had me going for a minute there. Please, Jo, don't do that again. You'll give me a coronary." 

"This is not a joke or a psych game, honey. I'm dead serious. I thought you might refuse to give me what I want. That's why I laced your drink with a rufie, flunitrazepam, a date rape drug. That's why you feel so lethargic. I didn't give you much, so it's taking longer than I thought, but it'll do."

Lyssa tried to get up, so she could run up the stairs and out of the house. Her legs wouldn't hold her. She fell back in the chair...

===========

Lyssa taught English to fourth, fifth, and six graders in a private school. Her classes were small, 12 to 15 children, and Lyssa liked the job, but the private school pay was abominable. If she hadn't been receiving rent from her house back home, she would never have been able to make ends meet. All the other teachers were married and were two income families. This presented another problem. With no other single women, she had no one to make friends with, to have dinner with, to go to movies with, or even have chat sessions. Of course, there were no single men either. She had never been so lonely. 

Both Lyssa's parents had died in a car accident just after she graduated from high school. They had left her their small house, their life insurance, and little else. She had no siblings and no aunts, uncles, or cousins. She was truly alone in the world. She knew she'd have to make her own way, so using the insurance money for tuition; she enrolled in a teaching course at the state university. She rented out the house for barely enough money to pay for clothes, a dorm room, and the school cafeteria. There was no money for extras. Taking more than the standard number of courses, she was able to graduate in 3 1/2 years. However, that left no time for a social life.

There were no teaching jobs available in her hometown when she returned from university, so she sent out her resume to several dozen schools around her home state. While waiting for replies, she stayed in the small bedroom above the garage, so she could keep receiving rent from the main house. The couple renting the house was nice enough to let her use it. The Coopers told her that she was welcome to use it any time she needed it. They were grateful to her for renting the house to them for an amount they could afford. She had only used the garage bedroom once during her university years, so the Coopers knew it wouldn't be often.

After several months, the only job offer she received was from a private school over two hundred miles from her hometown. The school told her that times were hard, and they could only afford to pay so much - less than she was hoping for. She had no other offers, so she took the job. She started teaching in mid semester - January. The job was fine, but the low pay and the crushing loneliness were deeply depressing her. The small dingy apartment she was able to afford was another source of her depression. She had rented it because it was close to the school, so she could walk to work. She couldn't afford a car. She thought of selling the house to buy a car but backed away from that idea. She needed the rent to supplement her salary.

Lyssa brown-bagged it every day, and ate her lunch in the park across from the school. One day in March, there was a woman sitting on the bench that Lyssa had always sat on. They struck up a conversation, became good friends, and Lyssa was ecstatic to find a friend. The woman, Joanna, began inviting Lyssa to dinner several times a week and wouldn't hear of Lyssa paying for anything. During their chat sessions, Lyssa had told Joanna her whole life history. Joanna knew as much about Lyssa as Lyssa did. 

Joanna was 37 years old. She was very attractive with dark blond hair, grey eyes, and a beautiful smile. She was 5'7" tall, weighed 122 pounds, had a very feminine figure, 35 inch bust, 24 inch waist, and 36 inch hips. She had a sexy walk and a slow, graceful, feminine movement as she sat down, stood up, or even when she seemed to be standing still. Lyssa, on the other hand was 22 years old, 5'4" tall, and weighed 116 pounds. She had a very ripe figure: 34-22-35. Her movements were not as graceful as Joanna's but were more childlike. She had blue-black hair, blue eyes, full lips, and an impish grin. She was beautiful. If she had been in a different place where there more single men, she would have been swamped with date offers and propositions.

Near the end of the school year, Lyssa's landlord told her that the building would have to be tented for termites and Lyssa would have to leave for two weeks. There were only five days left of the semester, and Lyssa was concerned about having to look for another apartment for such a short time. Joanna volunteered her second bedroom until Lyssa went home, so Lyssa told the landlord she would be moving and asked for her deposit to be returned. Joanna and Lyssa loaded Joanna's car with Lyssa's clothes and gear, and Joanna helped carry them to the second bedroom.

During that week, as Friday approached, Lyssa's colleagues told her how much they liked her and asked if she would return in September. She told them that she hadn't been offered a contract yet and didn't know if she'd be back. In her heart, she felt she should look for another job that paid a decent salary.

Lyssa asked Joanna if she would drive her and her suitcases to the bus terminal on Sunday, so she could go back to her hometown. When she would be at the bus terminal with her ticket in hand, she would call the Coopers, tell them she was returning home, and ask if she could use the garage apartment. She didn't want them to go to any trouble getting the bedroom ready, so she would call at the last minute. She would also ask them if they could pick her up at the bus station. Lyssa never got to call them.

==============

Lyssa woke up with a headache and wondered where she was and what had happened. She tried to move and found herself sitting on the floor of the media room. She was startled to find that she was nude and that her wrists were manacled to a triangular bar attached to the ceiling with a thin braided rope like mountain climbers used. She struggled to her feet but was only able to reach one of the chairs, as the rope wasn't long enough for her to go further. She sat down and waited to gather her wits. 

She had the triangular bar in her lap and studied it. The lower rung was almost 3 feet wide. The side arms met one foot above the lower rung. There was a ring inside each corner of the triangle. The rope was fastened to the top ring with a heavy-duty snap fastener. The cuffs on Lessees' wrists were fastened to the rings at each end of the lower rung. Lyssa was able to move her hands around but couldn't put them together. The wrist cuffs were made of some very soft leather; however, there were metal stays between the leather layers. There were small semi circular rings coming through the leather where the cuffs overlapped. One end of a short double snap fastener was hooked to the triangle ring and the other end to a wrist cuff. Lyssa's eyes followed the rope to the ceiling where it passed through a ring in the ceiling and dropped down through a metal box on the wall. On the floor below the ceiling ring, there was a metal plate three feet wide and extending two feet from the wall. A metal tube was welded to the plate and rose almost two feet. A smaller diameter tube showed above the lower tube and ended in a small knob. The knob didn't look to be part of the tube. A knurled ring encircled the top of the lower tube. 

There were metal eye rings attached at various heights on either side of the wooden wall panel behind the metal floor plate. Lyssa had noticed these contraptions in the past and had asked Joanna what they where, and Joanna passed them off as being attachments for her camera equipment. She had told Lyssa that she was a photographer. Although she thought they were strange, Lyssa didn't question Joanna's answer.

Sometime later, she heard a key in the lock of the media room and Joanna came down the stairs with Brutus right behind her. The door closed and locked automatically,

"Oh Jo," Lyssa cried, "I'm so glad to see you. Can you unlock these cuffs? I can't move around attached to this contraption, and I have to pee badly. Where are my clothes? You're really mean to take off my clothes and leaving me here nude. Really, Jo, this game has gone on long enough."

"Sweetie," cooed Jo, "of course I'll unfasten you. You can't have clothes, but I'll release you as soon as you've licked me to orgasm."

"Jo. Stop fooling around and undo these wrist cuffs before my bladder bursts." 

Joanna opened a cabinet and took out a clear plastic pail that must have been an ice cube bucket. 

"Lys," she said, "you can use this to pee in."

"You're not serious. You can't expect me to pee in that thing. Please unfasten me."

"Not a chance until I've had at least a couple of orgasms. You just don't get it. You're mine, now, to do what I want with you. You're my toy, my plaything, my sex machine. Now, pee in the bucket or hold it in. It's up to you."

Joanna continued, "Lys honey, sweetie, babykins, I've been hunting for a gorgeous girl like you for several years. It wasn't a coincident that we met. I watched you eating your lunch in the park for two or more weeks before our "chance" meeting. When you walked back and forth from the school to the park, I mentally undressed you and knew you were the girl I wanted to own. All of our dinners and chats together were to learn about you and your relationships - or lack thereof. You're just perfect for what I want.

Lyssa was close to crying and was having a difficult time holding her sphincter tight enough to keep from peeing. She grabbed the bucket, held it steady on the floor, squatted over it, and with a sigh of relief, let her urine flow. The bucket filled.

"Well sweet cheeks, are you ready to eat me? Joanna asked.

"Please Jo, I just can't do that. It's disgusting."

"I'm sorry to hear that, honey, but you will in the very near future."

Joanna pressed a keypad on the metal wall box. A panel opened and Joanna pressed and held a large red button. A motor sounded and the rope attached to the triangle was pulled up through the ceiling ring and through the left side of the box. Lyssa had to stand and walk to the metal plate as the rope pulled up and up. When Lyssa was standing on the metal floor plate under the ceiling ring with her arms over her head, Joanna stopped pushing the red button. 

"Please Jo, unhook my wrists. This is uncomfortable."

"I intend to do just that, sweet. Give me a minute or two but turn and face me."

Joanna opened a cupboard next to the wooden wall panel and retrieved a condom, which she placed over the pole knob that she had pulled from the vertical tube. She pushed the three-inch long base of the knob back into the upper tube. 

"It may have been dirty," she said, "and I want to keep you clean and healthy. I want you to last a long time."

She then took a tube of lubricant from the cupboard and squeezed some out on the condom. She didn't bother to spread it around. She turned the knurled ring at the top of the lower tube and pulled the inner tube up until it was a few inches from Lyssa's pubes. 

"Lys, " said Joanna, "move your feet apart. Further. Further. That's it."

Joanna pushed clear plastic strips 4" by 3" inches into slots in the metal floor plate. The strips were just to the inside of Lyssa's bare feet. Lyssa thought that wouldn't keep her from lifting her feet over the top of the strips if she wanted to move her legs together. She was wrong.

Again, Joanna's hand moved to the inner shaft, turned the knurled ring, and raised the top knob into Lyssa's vagina. Lyssa yelped but couldn't move out of the way. When the knob reached Lyssa's cervix, she rose up on tiptoe to relieve the pressure, but Joanna kept pushing it upward.

"Please Jo," cried Lyssa, "that's going to do damage if you don't stop. You said you wanted to keep me healthy."

Johanna hesitated, and then moved the tube downward until Lyssa could put her feet flat on the floor again. She couldn't feel the knob anymore and she sighed with relief.

"i wanted you to know that you are at my mercy and what could happen if you don't behave. Understand?"

"Yes. Yes. I do understand."

Joanna reached up and undid the clips that held Lyssa's wrists to the triangle above her head. She pressed the red button, raising the triangle until it was out of Lyssa's reach.

"I've been planning this for a long time, Lys. It's been at least four years. I knew that someday I'd find you. I had to have this set-up built a little at a time so that no one would become suspicious of my motives. Are you ready to eat me, sweet cheeks? I'm really horny. No? Well, I can wait. In a very few hours you'll be begging to suck me." 

Joanna continued, "You are going to stand there until you decide to do as I ask. I won't beat you or torture you to get what I want. You're going to have to want to do it. When you're ready, reach up to that white button beside the gray metal box. It's an intercom. Press the button, wait until I answer, and say, 'Joanna, I want to suck and lick your pussy.' If you say anything else, you'll have to stand there until you use the right words. If you use those words and don't perform or don't perform to my liking, I'll leave you on that post for 24 hours. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Jo, I understand, but please don't do this to me. I thought we were good friends."

"Oh we are, honey, but I desperately need this scenario. Try to understand that I'll almost die if I can't have it my way. Other than when you are eating me out a few times a day, we can be bosom buddies. That 'bosom' thingy was not meant to be a pun. I've been drooling over your boobs since I first saw you. Now that they're bare, I'm even hungrier for them." She reached out and squeezed Lyssa's breasts.

"By the way, I've left your arms free, but there is no way for you to lift yourself off that shaft. If you try to move your feet, you'll probably impale yourself. Don't lean forward, or that post will tear your insides especially if you fall forward. You can lean back against the wall panel, but that may cause other problems. You're like a pinned butterfly, precious. You can't move from that position." 

Joanna turned to go, but Lyssa called her back. "What am I supposed to do when I have to pee? I have a small bladder. Do I just let it go?"

"Then I will have to punish you, doll. I don't want this room to stink and urine smell is difficult to get rid of. But, be of good cheer, I know exactly what to do. Thanks for calling my attention to it. I prepared for that eventuality, too."

Joanna opened the nearby cupboard again and took out a package that contained a coiled, small diameter, plastic tubing. She tore open the pack and removed the tubing. She placed the ice cube bucket on the floor in front of Lyssa and clipped the tube end to the inside of the bucket rim. Uncoiling the tube, she brought the other end close to Lyssa's genitals. She lubricated the end and moved it closer to Lyssa.

Lyssa exclaimed, "Jo, I'll never be able to pee into that narrow tubing. Do you have a funnel or something that could catch my pee?"

"Not a problem, sweet cheeks." Answered Joanna. 

She forced an inch or more of the tube ending into Lyssa's urethra. Lyssa screamed with pain and almost sagged down on the shaft she was straddling. 

"There," said Joanna, "you're all set. You can pee any time you want and not get a drop on you or the floor." She turned, walked up the stairs followed by Brutus. The door locked shut behind them.

*

Dear readers, I won't bore you with more of this story unless it is something you would wish to continue to read. Please let me know. I am writing this with most women in mind, not necessarily lesbians. Please let me know if you are female and what your sexual orientation is. That will help guide me in writing future chapters. I also wish to know if you would like to have this story become more intense. I will try to make the story somewhat interactive depending on your directions. I hope you want to read more of the ongoing Perils of Pauline or in this case, Lyssa.