 Thank you to everyone who gave me such great feedback on my first story.  It was my first attempt, and it's because of you guys, that Kira & Kenya are back.  Hope you enjoy chapter 2, and all feedback is welcomed!!

*****************************

It was the next morning, and I awoke to the bright sunshine shining on my face.  A grin soon followed.  I felt her next to me.  She shifted a little and cuddled up more against my back.  I'm in bed with Kenya I thought, and I like it.  I like being with a woman.  

Last night after meeting her in the bar, we came up to her place.  What happened between the two of us was one of the most erotic and sexy nights I've ever spent with anyone.  I did things with her I've never even done with a man.  Never thinking of myself as a bisexual person, I was completely blown away with my reaction to her loving.  Truth be told, I don't think I ever want to let this feeling go.  

"You awake baby? Kenya asked in a husky, just woke up voice.

"Yeah, I am.  Just thinking about last night, wondering if it really happened." I replied.

"Oh it happened all right, all night long as far as I can remember.  If I have my way, it's going to happen every night, for a long long time", as she gave me a tight squeeze to her.

I was quiet for a second and finally said "Kenya, I'm just not sure what I should do now.  I mean, how am I supposed to act?  What am I supposed say?  Do I leave?  Do I stay?  I've never been in this situation before, and I just don't know what to do."

"Well, she says "first thing I think you should do, is turn over here and give me a kiss, we've been talking for 5 minutes and you have yet to do that".

I turned around and faced her.  We were face to face.  She was so beautiful.   She made my heart beat fast every time I looked at her.  I leaned closer and touched my lips to hers.  The were soft, warm, inviting.  She eased her tongue between my lips and slipped it into my mouth.  It was such a sensual kiss, I didn't want it to ever end.

"Well, now that you've properly said good morning to me I can answer some of your questions.  First of all, you don't have to do anything.  What we are doing right now, is just fine with me.  I don't want you to leave. If you want to leave though, I'm not going to stop you.  I like having you in my bed with me.  You don't need to say anything specific, just talk to me like we did last night.  Well, before we came in here" she said with a grin.

"I like being in bed with you too Kenya, I think I like it a little to much.  Maybe I'm scared that I won't feel this way again.  I just don't know what to do from this point on.  What are we doing here?  Is this a relationship?  A one night stand?  When I leave here, will I see you again?"

"Oh Kir, didn't you hear me when I said that if I had my way, this is going to happen every night for a long long time?  Hell, I'll take day or night.  I want to be with you.  We have something here, I don't want to end this."

"But see!  I exclaimed " I don't understand why you would want to be with me!!  Your so beautiful, you could have any man or woman you want, why me?"

"Man Kir, who did such a number on you?  How could you possibly think that you yourself are not beautiful?  

I couldn't even fathom what she was talking about.  To myself, I was pretty plain looking.  I had long blonde hair that hung to the middle of my back, brown eyes, and I did have a decent figure.  I was a 34C, not to big, not to small.  Other than that, plain.

She took my hand it brought it to herself.  "Can't you feel how wet you have me?  Do you honestly think so that some plain jane could get me as wet as you do?  You haven't even done anything and you have me this wet."

I smiled.  She was wet.  Very wet.  She had released my hand, and I began to slowly stroke her pussy lips.  She squirmed a little bit and I heard her breath catch in her throat.  I worked my fingers up to her clit and gave it a little squeeze.

"Oh GOD Kir, that feels so good" she moaned.

I took my index finger and inserted it into her hot wet folds.  Last night, I was on the receiving end of all the pleasure.  Not knowing if what I was doing was correct or not, seeing how I've never been the one to do anything to a woman, I figured, I would just do what I like best.  Kenya let out a loud moan, I guess I was doing it right.

"Oh baby, that's it, right there.  Fuck me with your finger. Yes, she panted, right there, right there baby, fuck me good."

I was pumping my finger in and out of Kenya, rubbing my thumb on her clit at times.  Then all of a sudden I wanted to taste her so bad.  I wanted that hot pussy in my mouth, and I wanted it now!!

I flung the covers off of us, flipped over her and spread her legs open.

"Looks like somebody's ready for breakfast.  Are you hungry Kira?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'm starved.  I just hope I won't disappoint you."  I gazed up at her.

"Baby, there's no way on earth that will happen.  But you need to start eating, I'm kinda getting hungry myself" she said with a grin.

I eased my head down and looked at her pussy.  She had a small strip of hair.  I smiled, no hair in my food today! I was a little shaky, seeing as I've never done this before.  What if I didn't like it?  Would she be mad if I didn't?  I dipped my head lower and her scent filled my nose, it smelled like the sweetest thing.  I reached my tongue out and slid it up her folds.  It even tasted like the sweetest thing.  I was going to have no problem with this at all.

I reached my tongue further into her folds.  Kenya moaned "That's it baby, lick my pussy real good.  Fuck me with your tongue."

I took my hand and spread her pussy lips so that I would have better access.  I licked up and down her pussy, lapping up her juices and they were coming out of her.  I stuck my tongue in her.  She grabbed handfuls of sheets and gave a long loud moan.  

"My clit!   Play with my clit baby!" she moaned to me.

I raised my head a little and sucked her clit into my mouth.  I started to flick it with my tongue over and over again.  I heard Kenya moaning and groaning, her breathing coming rapidly.  I reached my hand up and pushed my finger into her pussy again.

"Ahhhhhh!" she cried "Yes, that's it, that's it baby, make me cum.  Make me cum all over your face!"

I kept pumping my finger in and out of her.  Then, I remembered something.  If you crook your finger just enough, you can get the G-spot.  I crooked it and felt around.  And there it was, that small little spot, about the size of a pea, and rough in feel.  I started rubbing my finger on it and she exploded!

"OH FUCK YEAH!" she screamed, "I'm going to fucking cum!  Kir, I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!"

I removed my finger quickly and lowered my mouth back to her pussy, and began sucking and licking on her.  I was quickly rewarded with a gush of warm cum, filling my mouth, which I happily lapped up.  She tasted so good, I didn't want her to ever stop cumming.

Minutes later, with Kenya's breathing still rapid, she looked over at me and smiled.  "You have my juices all over your face", and with that, she leaned over and started licking my lips, tasting herself.  "Mmmm, taste good, but defiantly not good as you taste".

She eased herself down the length of the bed, and spread open my legs.  I was already wet in anticipation.  I couldn't wait for her tongue to slip into my wet pussy.  I've never felt anything so good.  I didn't have long to wait.  She slipped her tongue into me, I was immediately in heaven.  She put her tongue up into my pussy as far as it could go and pulled it back out.  She repeated this step many times.

"God Kenya, that feels so good.  Fuck me with your tongue, stick it all the way in there" I moaned.

Kenya's finger soon joined her tongue, I thought I was going to lose it right there.  That was until I felt what she was doing.  Her finger was heading towards my ass.  Now, last night was the first time I've ever let anyone near that area, and to tell you the truth, I loved it.  My stomach quivered with anticipation.  Any second now she would.... "OHHHH", I moaned, there it was, that wonderful sensation.

"You like that don't you baby?  You like me finger fucking your ass don't you?" she asked.

"Yes" I gasped."I love it when you fuck my ass".

"Really?  I do believe I have something to benefit us both. And just so you know", she leaned down and whispered in my ear, "I love to get fucked in the ass too".

She slowly got up off the bed and walked over to her dresser, opened the drawer and pulled out a dildo that looked over a foot long.  I was beginning to wonder if she kept any clothes in that dresser, not that I minded her toys.

"Get the lube out of the night stand sweetie.  This is going to be fun for the both of us" and she eased back on the bed.  

I got the lube out, and turned back to lay on the bed when she took the dildo that I now seen was double headed, and slipped it into my still wet pussy.  I started bucking in pleasure, it felt so good.

Kenya then laid back on the bed and brought her pussy up to mine.  She then inserted the other side of the dildo into her pussy, moaning as it slid into her.  We both started bucking on the dildo, each of us with a hand in the middle of it, guiding it into each other.

"You got the lube ready baby?" she says

"It's right here" I replied

"Give it to me".

I handed it to her, wondering why she needed the lube, we seemed pretty wet to me.  But, her actions soon let me see what her plans were.

She pulled the dildo out of me and herself, squeezed some lube on each end.  She then squeezed some on to her fingers and reached down and began lubing my ass as well, she then did the same to herself.  

"Ready to be fucked in that pretty ass of yours?" she looked over at me.

"Oh definitely, I'm totally ready for that" I smiled at her.

She eased the toy down to my ass, "Spread your ass for me baby, let me see that delicious hole of yours".

I reached down and spread my ass cheeks for her, and in the next instant, I felt it pushing into me.  It didn't hurt as much as it did last night, it was a little uncomfortable at first, but no pain, then the pleasure waved over me.

She took her end of the toy and inserted it into her ass.  She then took her legs, and scissored them over mine and began moving.  I felt the dildo slide in and out of my ass.  

"You like that baby?  You like having your ass fucked?" Kenya say's in her sultry voice.

"Yes, Oh God yes... fuck me harder please!!" I say moaning.

She had her hand in between us holding the dildo.  Both of us were fucking it.

"Kira, reach down and play with yourself love, I want to watch you play with that pretty pussy of yours" she said to me.

I reached my hand down to my dripping wet pussy.  I slowly started playing with my clit, but it wasn't long before I felt the tension build up.  I started working it at it faster.

"That's it sweetie, play with that pussy, finger yourself for me Kira".

I was about ready to cum.  I looked over to Kenya and noticed that she was also playing with herself.  That got me even hotter.  I took my finger and shoved it deep into my pussy.  I was fucking my pussy as she was fucking my ass.

"I'm gonna cum Kenya, I'm going to cum so hard" I yelled.

With that, Kenya slid the dildo out of her ass, and in turn, slid it out of mine.  At first I was disappointed with the emptiness, but I soon realized what she was doing.  She turned around so that we were in a 69 position.  I removed my hand from my pussy, and in the next instant, her mouth was covering my it.

She lifted her head up and said "Suck my pussy baby, suck it clean".

She returned her mouth to my pussy, and was again attacking me with her tongue, sticking it in me as far as she could. Nipping here and there at my clit.  I in turn, was sucking and licking her pussy.  I reached my hands up and started to caress her ass. I worked my hand down to her hole, it was still slick with lube.  

I started playing with her hole with my finger, which got a moan out of her.  I reached down with my other hand and found the dildo. I brought it up to her ass, and slowly inserted it back into her.  Her moan was louder this time which vibrated against my pussy.

I started fucking her ass with the dildo when she lifted her head up again and says "Fuck my ass harder!  Shove it all the way in there baby, fuck it good".

Just listening to those words about made me cum.  I started pumping the dildo in and out her ass fast and hard.

"Yes, YES!  That's it!  Right there! Suck my pussy and fuck that ass baby!"  she yells.

It was almost simultaneously.  We both started screaming that we were going to cum.

Her juices started rolling into my mouth, and I sucked them up like a hungry baby. I could feel my orgasm just keep coming and coming, and I knew that she was getting a mouthful also.  She sucked and sucked on my pussy till I was sure that there was no way that there could possibly be any cum left.  I removed the dildo from her ass, slid my tongue up to her hole which was still spread open from the dildo, and stuck my tongue in.  I pushed it in and out, licking all around the rim.

"Oh baby, your going to make me cum again if you keep that up" she moaned. 

I didn't stop.  I wanted her to cum again.  I wanted her juices in my mouth again.  I didn't think I could ever get enough of them.

"Oh.. my... God.... B-baby... I'm gonna, gonna cum!" she said breathlessly

I removed my tongue from her ass and was moving my mouth back to her pussy, not even quite there yet, and her juices started shooting out of her.  I quickly put my lips to her pussy and was rewarded with another warm gush.  I lapped it up till there was none left.

A few minutes later, we were laying back beside each other gazing into each other's eyes.  
"You know, she says, "I'm not letting you go.  This has been the most amazing 12 hours I've ever spent with anyone, and I don't want this to end.  I'm not sure if this is what you want Kira, but let it be known, I want to be with you. For as long as humanly possible, and if you don't want to....."

"Kenya", I cut her off, " I want to be with you too.  I don't want this to end.  I don't know where we go from here.  I've never been in a relationship of well, of this nature, and I'm not sure how we do this, but I do know, I want to."

She reached her hand out and caressed my face.  Leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips.  "Well, I guess we'll learn together wont we?"

I looked into her emerald eyes, "Yeah.  Yeah we will, and I can't wait to learn everything with you.  And if I'm not mistaken, I'm sure that double headed dildo isn't the only new toy we get to try out together" I say as I give her an evil grin.