 Kymona POV

I never thought I'd have Sierra standing in front of me after so many years. Jazz was ecstatic about her little family reunion, but I'm not. Sierra stood there looking at me with a slight, devilish smirk on her face. Although we hadn't spoken in years, she knew my feelings toward her would never change. I gulped down the rest of my drink and grabbed my things prepared to leave. 

"Ky where are you going?"

"Home. I'm glad I could bring you and Damien together, but this ain't about to be pretty between me and her."

"Baby don't go. All of us obviously need to talk about some important issues so let's go back to my place and try to have an adult conversation. Besides she was the one that found Zhane. I have to know what's going on."

"This is a bad idea I'm telling you right now, but for Zhane's sake I'll do it. I'll meet you there in twenty minutes."

It didn't take twenty minutes to get to Jazmine's house from where we were, but I needed to hit up the liquor store before this shit. I haven't drank since the twins took care of me and I had vowed I would take it easy ever since then, but here I am. The only thing I could think about this entire ride was the bullshit Sierra had put me through and not one time has she tried to apologize for it. The whole family took her to be the saint, but that bitch was the devil's wife. I always wanted to be that loving big sister and I had been, but this child could never just take the backseat to anybody. Mainly me. It's been fifteen minutes and I'm still sitting outside the liquor store getting litty with a bottle of Paul Masson peach. Halfway through the bottle I get a text from Jazz asking me where I was. I texted her back telling her I made a stop to the store and that I'd be there when I get there. Trying to waste as much time as possible, I went to Walmart to pick up some games, movies and snacks to keep Zhane occupied. Before heading out I grabbed a pack of big red gum so it could help hide some of the alcohol smell. 

Just pulling up to Jazmine's house, I managed to kill damn near an hour. You'd think people would take the hint and go home, but not them. Walking in the house I was met by an angry Jazz popping up in the hallway from the kitchen. All I could do was laugh 'cause this liquor had me damn near gone, but I was good enough to drive here. 

"Seriously Kymona?"

"Oooh you said my name. Guess that means a bitch in trouble huh?"

"You seriously pick this time to pick up a bottle when I need you to be focused? What the hell is wrong with you?"

"You'll find out sooner than I anticipated. As for now can you help me out and take these things to Zhane. I want her to be distracted while we're in here calling each other hoes and bitch ass niggas." 

"Ugh I really want to beat ya ass right now."

"Ooh you dutty gyal. Yuh wan me to licky licky ya pum pum?"

"I WANT..." she was about to yell at me but she remembered she had guests. "Take ya ass in that room, change your clothes and get your shit together. I'm trying to gain custody of one child not two."

Going in the room, I did as Jazz instructed and tried to get my shit together. Jazz gave me a drawer to leave some spare clothes in just in case I needed to stay over. As I'm changing I consider the fact that Sierra is only here because she found Zhane. Just like Jazz, I too want to know why she was roaming the streets alone. Lord knows it's going to take a lot for me not to jump on Sierra and beat her ass. Just thinking about all the dirt she's done has my blood boiling. Before joining them, I called Jazmine to the back to apologize...AGAIN TODAY!!

"What do you want Kymona?"

"I'm sorry for showing up like this. I drank for my own selfish reasons when I should have considered your feelings as well. Had I thought of you I would have settled for a mini bottle...maybe two."

"You shouldn't be drinking at all you asshole."

"OK! Damn I said I was sorry."

"Fine. Everybody has questions that need to be answered and to get things off of their chest." Grabbing my hand she led me down the hall to peek in on Zhane. "She's the reason I'm doing this, but I'll need your help to get through it. I need to know I have someone strong, mature and dependable to lean on if I become weak." 

We kept walking to the living room to see Damien and Sierra cuddled up on the couch. I wonder what lies she told him in order to make him stay. That's probably not even his baby she's carrying. Sitting in the armchair Jazz sits on my lap and the awkward silence begins. This needs to hurry up and be over with.

Jazz POV

Since the cat had everybody's tongue I guess it was on me to get the ball rolling. I figured it would be best to start with me first since Damien was staring a hole in my face. Was he not going to like me being a lesbian or would he not care at all? Then again he can't judge me considering he was once on drugs heavily.

"To answer the question I know is swirling in your head Damien, yes Kymona and I are together. Yes mama knows because Montell and Charlene went bumping their gums about it."

"I have no problem with that sis. I mean yeah I was wondering but that's not what I want to talk about. What's up with Zhane and what does my lady have to do with it?"

"She ran away from Montell and Charlene and I don't know what happened. Sierra found her wandering the streets and all Zhane told her was about me. Nobody's even called for her since she's gone missing."

In the middle of telling him what was going on I felt an ache in my heart I had been ignoring all night. Tears were burning my eyes as I tried to fight them from falling. I eventually blurted out everything from the molestations, to Montell wanting a family with me and my miscarriage. In that moment I realized how much I missed my big brother and having him tell me how everything would be okay. For so long I was missing the love of my family and the moment I got it I couldn't hold it in anymore. He picked me up from Kymona's lap and held me tight. He kissed my forehead and apologized for leaving me alone at a time I needed him most. I wiped away the few tears that managed to escape and took a deep breath to regain my composure. Damien and I finally pulled ourselves from our little moment and turned to look at out partners. They were burning holes into each others skin just staring, damn near snarling at each other. It was like they forgot anyone else was there. It's clear these two are harboring some serious hate for each other. Turning to Kymona I grabbed her face making her stare at me.

"Baby I need you to calm down please. Now that everyone is on the same page with Zhane, what's going on between y'all two? I need to know who I am getting involved with both as a girlfriend and a social worker."

"We can get info from her on Zhane, but she's not helping you with the case. She's the spawn of satan. Can't believe she's able to work with kids let alone get ready to have her own child." 

"Jealous much bitch?!" Sierra spat the words out with so much venom and hate. I swear if I didn't have quick reflexes Kymona would have launched for her throat. 

"What is the problem between y'all? I'm so tired of being left in the dark. Damien calm ya girl down, I don't need somebody else having a miscarriage."

"There was a point in my life where I wasn't completely sure of who I wanted to be with," Kymona paced the floor beginning to make a groove in the floor. "I was talking to this guy before I moved to the States and things were going pretty good between us. Sierra bitch ass just couldn't stand that he met us both at the same time and chose me over her. Anyways, things were going so well to the point that I had gotten pregnant by him. Granted I was a little young, but I felt like I was ready. I was working, was top of my class, etc. I had to have been about four months pregnant when I caught the two of them fucking around. I beat his ass and when it was time for hers she hit me in my the stomach with a fucking chair."

"Bitch you tried to stab me so what the fuck was I supposed to do?"

"How about being a hoe with somebody else dude and not mine."

"He wasn't feeling you anyways. Daddy bribed him into dating you."

"You still telling those lies after all these years?" Kymona started walking closer to her until I pulled her back and pinned her against the wall.

"Ain't nobody lying. Tevon told me daddy made him date you otherwise he wouldn't get a chance at modeling. He wanted me from jump but daddy been questioned your wavering sexuality and put a plan into action."

"Baby if you knew that why wouldn't you give your sis a heads up?" Damien asked the same question I was thinking, but in a much more polite manner. 

"Nobody told her to go after somebody she knew I wanted. So why not make some trouble for her along the way."

"Sierra that was foul and you know it. Not only do you keep that type of secret from her but you took away the life of your own niece or nephew."

"Hold up 'cause that's not even the fucked up part. The truly fucked up part is the fact that I wanted to end my life after losing my child. This hoe actually tried to help me by giving me a bunch of pills and looking up the best methods on how to cut myself."

"Why not eliminate the competition?"

My head was spinning in circles at this point. Not only did Ky never tell me any of this, but she never told me that she once understood what it was like to lose a child. On top of that Sierra was making light of the whole situation. Is this really someone I want to help me in gaining custody of my child? I don't even want to consider her a possible sister-in-law after all of this. Looking over at my brother I, noticed the life was being drained from his body. He thought he was getting blessed with a diamond when it was actually a clump of coal in disguise. Lord when will this dreadful storm end and I finally get to live a life of sheer bliss?