 Jazmine POV

Waking up the next morning, I eased my way out of bed making sure I didn't make any sudden movements to wake Kymona up. Sneaking off to the bathroom down the hall, I take a quick shower and then head downstairs to make us some smoothies. I want to cook a big breakfast, but today is way too important for the both of us to end up back in bed from my bomb ass food. Before I could make it back upstairs, I am greeted by a naked goddess with sunkissed skin and bed hair approaching me. We lock eyes with each other and all we could do is smile. I broke our gaze as my mind became flooded with images of what took place last night. I still can't believe I was able to take control the way I did. The sounds of her begging and crying out for me replayed in my head making my skin hot and my face turn red. 

"Good morning Daddy Jazz. Where are you running off to this early?"

"Morning baby. I was coming to bring your smoothie and then maybe go to the office for a little bit before heading home."

"After that bomb ass sex last night you still want to go home?"

"We talked about this Ky. I can't stay here forever. I have a home and a life of my own that I have to continue to live."

"Why can't you continue to live that life here with me? I've got plenty of room here for the both of us."

"Why do you want me to stay so badly?"

"I honestly can't trust you to be on your own. I hate to say it that way, but that is how I feel. Since you've been here I've been able to keep my eye on you. Nothing has gone wrong between us since you stayed here with me and I want to keep it that way. How do either of us know that once you get home Jaylen and that other dude won't pop back up?"

"So in other words, you like the idea of being in control of me? You honestly think that with everything I've gone through, having you by my side, you think none of that meant anything to me?"

"You were going through a lot and you needed..."

"DON'T TELL ME WHAT I NEEDED!! I would have been just fine in my own home. I would have managed to get through my miscarriage on my own even if it took five months."

"Baby, I didn't..." before she could finish here statement my phone started to ring upstairs. Shoving her smoothie into her hands I run upstairs to retrieve it. Once I get there it stops ringing and whoever called left a voicemail. It was a number I hadn't recognized so I didn't bother with it. Just before I place the phone down I get a text from my assistant. She's telling me that I need to come to the office immediately, but I'm not in the mood to go there now after what Kymona just said to me. Speaking of her I can feel her presence walking up behind me. 

"Don't even think about touching me."

"Jazmine, I'm sorry I think the way I do, but you have to understand my reasoning for doing so."

"Your reason is clear. You don't trust me. I understand I wasn't the best person when we met, but everything I've said to you in the past few weeks was from the heart. I've meant everything I've said, but you still want to treat me like one of your old hoes."

"That's not what I'm trying to do. Just hear me out."

"I've heard enough." My phone goes off again with a picture message from my assistant. When I open it to see what's so important my mind won't allow me to believe it's true. "Oh my God."

"What's wrong?" I can hear her speaking to me, but I can't get any words out of my mouth let alone find my next breath. Without responding to her, I grab my keys and head out to my job. This cannot be happening...not today.

Kymona POV

I know I shouldn't have said what I did to Jazmine, but I really didn't want her to leave. Since we've been living together I haven't had to worry about some dude trying to come through and take what's mine. I've gone through enough of that shit in my past and I refuse to go through it again. Yes I know she's not any of my exes, but at the same time how am I really supposed to grow from my past of being cheated on and used. I know I'm not the best girlfriend because I can be jealous, selfish, clingy, overprotective and somewhat controlling on certain levels, but no matter what I've treated any girlfriend of mine like a princess. This time is different with Jazz though. I don't want to show her off as my princess. I want to show her off as my queen, my goddess. She deserves the world not just a piece of it. After everything we've been through I know she wouldn't hurt me, but at the same time my insecurities are leading me to believe I have to keep our relationship on a short leash. 

Before I could truly explain my reason for saying what I said, she was rushing past me out the door. Whatever text she got must've been really important because she left her things and didn't turn back. I wanted to follow behind her, but I knew that wouldn't be the best idea. Pushing past my emotions, I get my mind prepared for a huge night ahead of me. Tonight is the night Jazz gives her big presentation and I show off my most valued clients. After taking care of my morning hygiene, I throw on some casual clothes and head over to the office. Pulling into my parking spot I make a quick call to Jazz. It rang twice and then went to voicemail.

"Hey baby, I just called to apologize. I shouldn't have said what I said, but past relationships have turned me into this bluntly honest person that I am today. If you give me the chance, hopefully tonight after our presentations, I can make it up to you."

Heading into one of our performance rooms, it pleases me to see all of my people here on time and ready to get things moving. The best thing about my clients is that their talents go hand in hand with each other which in turn makes them great business partners and friends. An hour into them showing off what they've practiced so far I get a video message from my assistant. I open the video to see this man playing his version of Kendrick Lamar's loyalty on the saxophone. He made it sound so soft and sultry but with enough edge to make you not fall asleep and miss any notes being played. I quickly texted my assistant back and told her to snag him up and have him meet me at the coffee house in thirty minutes. I could definitely use his talents for tonight's show as well as give him the recognition he deserves. 

Trusting that they can continue practice without me for awhile, I head over to meet this phenomenal saxophone player. I enter the coffee house and spot him in a corner drinking what looks to be hot tea and listening to music. He's got the skin color of brown sugar, with neat dreads, clean line up and a thin, neatly trimmed beard. He was heavily focused on his music when I approached him. The closer I looked at him the more I felt like I had seen him before. 

"Excuse me," I tapped the table to get his attention. "I'm Kymona Wei. I'm the one that asked to meet you here."

"Hey, I'm Damien. Please have a seat."

"So I'm sure my assistant told you that I'm a talent agent."

"Yes I was told. Why the interest in me though?"

"Are you kidding me? You're fucking talented my dude. I've never heard someone play the sax the way you do. I know this isn't how you make money, so what is it that you do?"

"Currently I'm a barber, but I'm trying to find a second job."

"Why's that?"

"My girl is two months pregnant. I'm gonna need a way to support all three of us."

"Did you think being a street performer would cover the cost of a baby?"

"I was there to clear my head and playing my sax helps with that."

"Well I won't waste anymore of our time. You're coming with me."

"Where?"

"Back to the agency. We're gonna go over your contract and get you ready for tonight's show. Seeing as your girl is pregnant, I won't sign you up for any gigs that would require you to travel a lot. How you play tonight will determine how much further WE, you and I, can take your career."

Getting Damien back to the agency with me was like destiny. He fit right in with everyone and he wasn't shy when it came to showing off his talent. After a few more hours of practice I could tell that tonight would be a success. Taking him back to my office, we begin to go over his contract and I can't help but to stare at him. There was something about him that was strangely familiar, but I couldn't put my finger on it. 

"Is something wrong?"

"We've never met or crossed paths have we?"

"Don't believe we have."

"What about any siblings? Maybe a twin brother?"

"No twin, but I do have a sister. Her name is Jazmine."

Jazmine POV

I get to my job and I am greeted by a police officer, a woman in a form fitting business attire and between the two is Zhane clinging onto a teddy bear. The moment she sees me, she breaks free and comes running to me. I instantly start checking her for any bruises to make sure that Montell, nor anyone else, has tried to do her any physical harm. The last time I had seen her Charlene came to pick her up saying she didn't want her daughter around no gay bitches. The fact that bitch had the audacity to say her daughter and believe that shit had me heated. I wanted so badly to whoop her ass, but I didn't need Zhane seeing me in a negative light especially when I was working on getting full custody of her. Ever since that day I thought they had left town because I heard nothing else from them and Montell was longer harassing my nerves. 

"Are you Jazmine?"

"Yes I am. What going on? Where did you find her?"

"My name is Sierra and I'm a social worker. I was on my way to work when I saw this little cutie wandering the streets. With the help of Officer Dell here I was able to get her to trust me and come with me so that I could get some answers. She wouldn't tell me where she came from, but she remembered your house and said she was trying to find you. In my line of work I'm supposed to take her back to her legal guardians, but I can tell that she doesn't want to be with them."

"Thank you for bringing her to me."

"Is there a way for you to contact her parents? It's clear that she wants to be with you, but we still have to go about this the right way."

"I'd rather not contact them at all to be honest with you."

"Why is that?"

Shifting my eyes to my nosy ass assistant peering at me, I decide not to go into great detail about everything. Instead I invite her to come to tonight's events. Prayerfully this meeting will further my chances of me gaining full custody of Zhane.