 "Come on Kira, go to the bar with us," my cousin asked.  

I really didn't feel like going to one of "his" bars.  He's gay, I'm straight.  He's wild and crazy, I'm calm and laid back. 

"Andy, you know I don't feel comfortable in those types of bars, I really just want to go home, find something on the TV and chill." 

"No way girl" he said, " your coming whether you want to or not.  Come on... you know you'll have fun once you get there, and besides, maybe you'll meet some hot chick." He knows I'm not into girls, even though he swears I'm a closet bisexual.  I sighed, knowing that no matter what I said, he wouldn't relent.  I should just give up the fight and go, shut him up, have a drink and then be on my way.

"Fine Andy, I'll go.  But, I'm driving myself.  God forbid you meet someone and end up taking him home and leaving me to fend for myself." "Sheesh Kira, you act as though I'm some jerk who would just up and leave ya for a hot piece of ass.... well..... if it was hot enough, maybe," and gives me a wink.

So off we went.  Andy and his friends Dom and Bret where in Andy's car, and I was following in mine.  What am I doing? I thought to myself. I should just keep right on driving back to my place.  There's no way they would turn around to follow me.  Not while they are wasting precious "man hunting" time.  But, Andy will never let me live it down.  He just came back into my life after living in Chicago for quite a few years.  I don't want to do anything that will get him upset with me.  Ok, fine.  I'm going.  Man, the things I do for this guy.

I'll have to admit, the bar was pretty cool.  Not the type of bar I thought it would be.  The men/women ratio was pretty even.  And I'll admit, I was having fun.  It's been a while since I've been out on a dance floor.  There were a couple of girls who tried to dance with me, but I blew them off. Because of course, that just wasn't my thing.  My cousin just kept shaking his head at me.

"Why don't you just loosen up a bit Kir? They just want to dance, it's not like they are trying to get you into bed right here and now".

" It's just not my thing ok? Why can't you just understand that?" I replied.  Again, I just got more head shaking.  He turned and started dancing once more.  

I headed back to our table.  I was hot, and needed a drink.  I finished my drink off, and signaled for the waitress and asked for a glass of ice water. I had already had two drinks, and because I still had to drive home, that was my limit.  Besides I wasn't going to be there much longer anyhow.  The waitress came back about 5 minutes later, but not with my water.  It was another drink.  "I'm sorry, but I only asked for a glass of water, you must have misheard me." 

"Oh no hon, she says, I didn't hear you wrong.  This is from the girl at the end of the bar up there." As she's saying this, she points up to the end of the bar. 

I can see someone standing there, but with all the people, it was hard to see. "Well, um... tell her I appreciate the drink, but I really can't accept it.  I've had my limit tonight, and um... I'm going to get going soon." 

The waitress laughed, "Hon, I'm not telling her nothing.  If your not going to accept the drink, you tell her.  And may I suggest, either way you decided, drink it or not, you still should go over there and thank her.  But then again, that's just my own suggestion." She turns and walks off still laughing.

I sat there for about two minutes, wondering what I should do.  Just then Andy and his buddies showed back up to the table, so I told them what happened.  All at once they started yelling at me to get my ass over there and talk to her.  It was a drink.  That's all.  The least I could do was say thank you. It's only the right thing to do. 

So, after listening to them berate me for another few minutes, I jumped up and yelled "Fine! I'll go! Just get off my back.. sheesh!" 

As I started to walk over, Bret called out to me "Hey Kir, don't forget your drink!" I turned and he had it in his hand with a big grin on his face. 

"I'm gonna get you guys for this, I swear to you I will" I tell them.  All I hear is a bunch of laughing as I walked up to the bar.

I was about 20 feet away from her still when I finally got a good look at her.  And what I saw, made my stomach lurch.  She was gorgeous. She was wearing a white mid-drift top that was tight fitting so it showed off her perfect sized chest, and also showed off a perfect stomach with the most beautiful tan I've ever seen.  Tight jeans finished off the outfit.  I about stopped when I was 5 feet from her, ready to turn around.  All the while wondering what the hell I was doing, why would someone so beautiful be sending me a drink? Maybe she made a mistake.  Yes, that was probably it.  Turn around now, and maybe she'll realize her mistake, and there's really no reason for me to go and embarrass us both.  That's what I intended to do, and then she turned and looked right at me.  And I stopped dead in my tracks.  If I thought that the rest of her was gorgeous, it was nothing compared to her eyes.  They were an amazing green.  Not just any green.  But bright emerald green.  I think at this point, my stomach was in my throat.

She looked dead at me, and smiled.  I felt like a deer caught in the headlights.  And that must have been how I looked, because she gave a little laugh. 

"Hey, how's it going?" she said.  I had to look to make sure she was talking to me. "Yeah you" she said and laughed once more.  Could she of read my mind I wondered? 

"Uh, Hi. It's going pretty good" I said "I wanted to thank you for the drink.  That was very sweet of you." 

"Well, your quite welcome.  I hope you like it.  It's one of my own concoctions, though it doesn't look like you've quit tried it yet, don't like fruity drinks?". 

I looked down in my hand and realized that I hadn't even taken a sip of it yet. "Oh yeah, I do, it's just... well, I've already had two, and that's usually my limit if I'm driving." 

"Well, I can guarantee you, that there isn't much alcohol in it, and I'm sure you'll be just fine driving.  If not, I'm sure we can find some way to get you home," and grinned.  So, I tasted it, and it was quite good.  Never had anything like it.  "I'm Kenya by the way" and she stuck out her hand. 

I took it, and it felt like a jolt of electricity had run threw my arm.  "I'm Kira.  Looks like both of our parents had a thing for different names." 

"Well, my mom and dad were in Kenya for vacation, a month later, they found out about me, and figured, if I was a girl, why not name me after the place I was conceived.  I used to get teased a lot because of this name". 

"I don't understand why, it's a beautiful name" I replied.  "At least you weren't named after a character in an Olivia Newton-John movie.  Ever hear of the movie Xanadu? That's who I'm named after.  For some reason, my mom thought the name was cool, and no one else had it." 

"Well, she said, I also think Kira is a beautiful name.  Goes well with you.  Beautiful name, for a beautiful girl." I think at that point, I actually blushed.

The night wore on, and Kenya and I found ourselves talking about everything.  We had so much in common.  I hardly paid any attention to anything else that was going on around us.  I didn't even see my cousin and his friends leave, in fact, I didn't see much of anyone leave.  Next thing I knew, the music had stopped, and some last few people were finishing up their drinks and heading out the door, workers were getting busy cleaning up the place.  I can't believe that she and I had actually sat and talked for 4 hours!  "Oh my gosh, I didn't even notice the time!  I should probably get out of her before they kick me out!" 

Kenya laughed and said "Oh, I don't think the owner is going to mind that your still here, in fact, I'm pretty sure of it"

I smiled at her and replied "Oh yeah, how can you be so sure? Got some pull with the owner or something?" 

That got an even bigger laugh out of her, "Well, yeah, seeing how I'm the owner, I think I have some pull" she winked.

About twenty minutes later, Kenya came back out from the kitchen and said "Well, I got Jack to close up for me, would you like to go some place else, or have I bored you enough for one night?" 

" No, no, I'm not bored at all.  I would love to go some place else and continue talking" I said eagerly, maybe a little too eagerly. 

"Well, she said, I need to change out of these clothes if you don't mind.  I've been here all night, and I smell like a bar.  I actually live right upstairs, would you like to come up while I change and you can think of someplace else we can go? 

"Sure, I replied, that would be great." 

As we headed up stairs, my heart began to beat faster.  Maybe it's just the alcohol I though.  I had 3 more of Kenya's fruity drinks while we were sitting there, and I was feeling quit good at this point.  But yet, this rush was not like the feeling I get when I've drank too much, it was more of the kind that I get when I found my self extremely attracted to a guy.  No, it's the alcohol.  Just keep telling yourself that, and you'll be fine.

We walked into Kenya's apartment, and like her, it was beautiful.  "You've got a great place here." 

"Thanks, the previous owner of the bar used it for storage for another business he had, I just couldn't stand to see all this space go to waste, and it's really convenient for me to live here with the bar downstairs.  At least I don't have to worry about driving home drunk, she laughed.  Help yourself to anything in the fridge, I'm just gonna get out these clothes and be right back." 

She walked down the hallway and into her bedroom.  I glanced around, looking at various snapshots in frames on the walls.  Kenya at various outings with different people who I'm guessing are family, friends, maybe even lovers.  As I turned around, I glanced down the hallway, and my breath caught in my throat.  Kenya was standing in her room, yet she hadn't closed her door, and directly in my line of sight, she was bending over and peeling those jeans off her legs.  The view was magnificent.  Long legs were emerging from the jeans, and the cherry on the ice cream, was a hot ass in a bright white thong.  She slipped off her shirt next, tossed it aside.  Next she unhooked her bra, tossed that aside and turned so I could see her profile.  Firm round breast were pointing out.  And I noticed she had no tan lines.  God what a sight.  I found myself getting warm, then realized, I was staring, at an almost complete stranger.  I hurried and turned myself into the dining room.  I pulled out a high backed chair turned it away from the table and sat down.  What the hell was I doing?  Ogling her like that.  She's a woman.  I'm not into woman.  Am I?

Just then, Kenya came walking out in a thigh length satin robe.  "Hey, did you think of where you might want to go?  I need to know what I should put on." 

What's wrong with what your wearing?  "What?"she said.  "Oh my God, I clapped my hand over my mouth, I'm sorry Kenya, I didn't mean to say that out loud, I swear, I was just thinking it, OH!  I mean, I wasn't thinking it, I mean..., oh hell, I'm going to go.  I'm sorry."

"Hey, hey... calm down.  No need to leave.  It's ok.  I like that you like what I'm wearing.  It's ok.  Really.  Just calm down.  Kira, have you ever been with a woman before?" 

Head hung down from embarrassment, I shook my head no. 

"Well what in the world we're you doing in a gay bar then?" she asked. 

"Well, my cousin Andy made me come out with him and his buddies.  They are gay.  Andy, well...he thinks I'm a closet bisexual, and I never thought of myself that way, it's just, well, I've had such a great time with you, and I've found myself feeling...something towards you.  Like when I meet a hot guy. That type of feeling.  And I just feel totally embarrassed about this whole thing, you've been nothing but nice to me, and here I am, practically drooling over you....." 

Kenya laughed, "Hon, there is nothing wrong with what your feeling.  I find you extremely attractive.  Why do you think I sent you that drink? I've been here for 4 years, and not once have I ever done that.  Not once.  There's just something about you.  I know the feeling your talking about.  I've had those feelings before.  With men and women.  And when I seen you, I got that feeling.  So don't feel embarrassed at all.  Why don't we just see what happens?  If nothing does, well then that's fine.  I've found a new friend, and if something does happen, well, then I think I just found myself one heck of a hot lover."

"L-L-Lover? I don't know Kenya, I've never.. " 

She put her finger to my lips, "Shhhh, Kira, just go with it, if you don't like it, just say stop, and I'll stop. I promise." She then bent down, and touched her lips to mine.  I swear, rockets exploded.  "See, that wasn't so bad was it?" she said. 

"No, no it wasn't.  I was nice." 

Kenya laughed "Honey, you aint seen nothing yet". With that, she grabbed the back of the chair I was sitting in and straddled me.  Her robe slipped open, and her breast were right there in front of me.  "Touch me Kira, touch me with your hands". I reached up a hand, and caressed her breast, Kenya leaned her head back and gave a low moan.  I reached up with my other hand and touch her other breast, and began running my hands over them.  Kenya moaned louder, "Use your mouth baby, I want to feel you lips on me". 

Not wanting to disappoint her, I leaned my head forward, and took one of her hard nipples into my mouth and began sucking on it, "That's it honey, just like that.  Do it just the way you like it.". 

I started running my tongue around her nipple, down and up her breast, sucking here and there, gently squeezing her other breast with my hand.  I squeezed her nipple a little harder, to see how she would react. After all, I love to have mine squeezed, nipped, and pulled on, maybe she would too. 

The reaction I got gave me the go ahead, she liked it.  A loud moan came from her, "Ok sweetie, if this is going to happen, I suggest we go someplace more comfortable. Let's go to my room." I looked into her emerald eyes.  She must have sensed my hesitation, "Only if you want to hon, I understand that it's a little nerve racking, but your doing a wonderful job. You should feel how wet you have me.  Do you want to go into my bedroom?" 

"Yes" I heard myself saying.  "Yes, I do."

We walked down the hallway into her room, when she opened the door, there was soft glow coming from within.  There were candles lit threw out the room.  I turned and looked at Kenya in question.  "Well, I took the chance that I could get you in here.  I seen you watching me while I was getting undressed." When I started to dip in my head in embarrassment she continued "Now don't be like that.  I purposely undress in front of the door, hoping to get some reaction out of you.  Looks like I did.  So I guess you could say, my planned worked.  Your in here aren't you?" she said with a grin.  

"Yeah, I'm here.  I'm just not sure what to do now". 

"Just follow my lead hon, I have a feeling that your going to be a very fast learner.  Especially after what you just did to me out there". 

She walked me over to the bed.  She reached out and grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it up over my head.  "Beautiful, just beautiful" she whispered "I can't wait to taste those." She reached behind me, and in a flick, had my bra undone and gone.  She began running her hands down my chest.  My nipples instantly hardened.  They are very sensitive and I love it when they are played with.  "You like that don't you?" I only nodded.  "Let me have a taste of them", and with that, she eased me back into the bed.  The back of my knees hit the foot of the bed, so I sat down.  "Lay down for me.  Let me love your body".

I climb further back onto the bed and laid down.  Kenya started to crawl towards me.  She stopped at my waist, lowered her head down, and dipped her tongue into my navel.  She then slowly started kissing her way up. I felt like I was on fire.  Her tongue was so wet and hot.  It felt wonderful.  She worked her way up to my chest and started lavishing them with her tounge. 

"Oh God, yes, yes. That feels so good" I groaned.  She took her hand and started bringing it down.  In the next instant, she was rubbing my pussy threw my jeans, applying pressure then switching to rubbing.  I was so wet.  I wanted out my jeans.  I wanted her fingers in me, fucking me. "Please" I mumble out. 

"Please what baby?" she said.

"Please, get these jeans off of me, I want to feel you touching me." 

"Anything you say babe"

She sat up, undid my jeans and slowly started pulling them off.  Next, she grabbed my thong and slid that down my legs as well. " Wow sweetie, these are really wet.  Your liking this more than you thought you would aren't you?" 

"Yes!" I practically screamed.  I didn't want her to stop, didn't want her to talk. I just wanted her to fuck me. 

Kenya smiled, "Don't worry hon, the best is yet to come" Again I wondered, can she read my mind?? 

She climbed back up to me. Again, she stopped at my waist and looked down.  "You totally shave.  Bare.  I like that." 

"Yeah, I said, I don't like hair in my food when I eat, so I figured most guys probably don't like it either". 

Kenya laughed really loud "Well hon, same goes for some women", and with that, she lowered her head once more. "Mmmm... you smell so good.  Good enough to eat in fact.  Good thing I'm so hungry.  It's going to be a long time before I'm full". 

She dipped her head lower, and flicked her tongue out and touched my clit.  I jumped at the contact. A laugh rang out in the room.  Her tongue flicked again, though I didn't jump this time.  I was ready for it.  It felt so good.  She started sucking on my clit at this point, I could feel my insides quivering.  She worked on my clit for a bit, then, she lowered her head even more and stuck her tongue in my pussy.  

I started bucking in pleasure.  "Oh God yes, fuck me with your tongue" I heard myself saying, "fuck me harder" Kenya thrust her tongue in and out of me, I could feel the pressure building up, "Oh God, I'm going to cum" I yelled, Kenya lifted her head up, I whimpered in displeasure, but her tongue was soon replaced with her finger. 

"That's it baby, cum for me, I want to see you cum" she said. She didn't have long to wait.  I came within seconds.  

A few minutes later, Kenya was laying next to me stroking my hair.  My breathing had finally returned to normal.  

I looked over to Kenya, "That was amazing.  I've never cum like that before. Thank you" I sighed.  

Kenya looked at me and cupped my face "Baby, that was just the beginning.  Have you rested enough?" 

"Oh, I think so" I grinned, "You ready for your turn now?" 

She laughs "Oh hon, as much as I appreciate you thinking of me, tonight is for you.  Besides I have something else in mind I think will benefit us both, if your up to it that is" she said with a wicked smile.  

"Oh I'm up for it! What do you have in mind?"

She got up off the bed and went over to her dresser and opened a drawer.  What she pulled out made my eyes open wide.  It was a strap on dildo.  Only with this one, there was a dildo for her as well in the crotch of the strap on.  "See", she said "double the pleasure.  When I'm fucking you, this end rubs in and out of me, so like I told you, no worries, I told you we would both benefit". 

My eyes must have been wide as saucers.  I love being fucked by a man, but being fucked with a dildo, by a woman?  Can I even do this?  Having her eat me out was one thing, this was something entirely different. 

"I can see the worried look on your face babe, and trust me, it's no different from being fucked by a man.  You do trust me don't you?" she asked. 
