 Music plays such a main part in movies and our lives. With that said, if you'll humor me, I have some music suggestions to play as you read this story. The beginning accompaniment I thought of is Joaquin Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez/adagio. A beautiful piece that conveys to me the meeting and beginning of a possible love. 

I'll make more suggestions as the story develops, though I suggest you choose what you feel matches. 

Otherwise, please enjoy the story.

*****

Damn school resource officer! Are you kidding me?

Julie Wilson muttered to herself as she laid her briefcase on the desk of her new office. Officer Wilson had been on the police force for ten years, working patrol and the special tactical unit. At 32 years of age, Julie was of mixed race, giving her a slightly darker tan skin tone. She looked at it as having a permanent tan. Julie stood 5'11", with a muscular build, with broad shoulders. Keeping herself active at the gym. Julie had gotten her father's full lips and cheekbones, and her mother's smaller nose and straight hair.

She was in her blue uniform, polished black leather duty belt, holster, and other equipment strapped around her hips. Julie wore her black hair around her shoulders when she didn't have it in a tight bun while in uniform. She believed she would be more approachable with the students by leaving her hair down.

Julie's most captivating feature were her light brown eyes, as some of her frequent boyfriends and friends had told her. Some would say they shown with their own light.

Many compared her to Beyonce. A remark she appreciated, but did not see in herself.

Julie had strained her shoulder on a recent arrest and found herself on light duty and was assigned to work as the SRO at the local high school.

Julie would have preferred to be working the streets, feeling her need to prove herself to her fellow officers and the inner joy she found there.

Julie quickly acclimated to the list of, in her mind, ridiculous duties she would be performing. Act as an armed security presence on campus and a liaison with any students wishing to speak with her. She would also be dealing with any students caught involved in any criminal activity.

Right! Like any of these campus idiots were going to come to her to snitch off a fellow student.

Julie recalled her days in high school, shying away from most of her other students and cringing at the whispered and sometimes out right remarks concerning her sexuality. Julie did not date due to her rapid growth in freshman year, and her shyness.

Julie began a rapid succession of boyfriends since college, as if trying to prove she was no lesbian. 

Joining the force had been even tougher as the comments continued due to her refusal to date any of the other officers on the force and her physique. 

Julie had recently broken up with her latest dinner mate. Julie never found a spark with any of the men she dated or slept with. She believed it would happen as she had been told her true love was out there. Unspoken was it had to be a man. Julie didn't think she'd be finding her match in any schoolteachers.

A knock at her door brought her out of her thoughts as she looked up to see the school principal looking at her with a slight smile. Julie could read his body tension, wondering if some overbearing, or lazy cop had been dropped into his school.

Julie considered herself as neither, given her less then pleasant childhood and meeting both types of officers. Julie strove to remember her job was to help, not rule over the citizen's of the city she worked for. Her parents had a tumultuous relationship, leading to several visits from the police as she was growing up. She remembered those officers who wanted to be in and out as quickly as possible. She also recalled those officers who would take the time to console a crying girl who did not understand the cruelties she would see between her parents, divorcing when she was ten. Julie had left her parents behind, moving several hundred miles away, but still calling her mother weekly. Julie tired of her mother's constant remarks that she quit her job and find a man to marry

Julie followed Mr. Wesley as he gave her a tour of the campus, introducing staff as they went. Most of the teachers gave a perfunctory hello, though she caught a few of the teachers giving her discrete "look overs." Julie's opinion of dating hopes did not change.

"Finally, let me introduce you to Shannon Barrett, our school counselor." Mr. Wesley said as they came upon the back of a women fumbling with a key to the office near Julie's.

Julie was briefly looking at the backside of a slender woman, standing about 5'4" , maybe a hundred and ten pounds. What caught Julie's attention was the light reddish blond hair that fell to the woman's waist.

Julie felt like her mouth was gaping when the woman turned to them upon hearing her name. Julie faced what she could only describe as one of the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. 

Shannon had an angular face with full lips, a small straight nose and the largest, bluest eyes Julie had ever seen. Julie felt as if she were gazing into pools of the bluest, clearest waters she could ever imagine.

Shannon seemed just as taken. Staring into Julie's brown eyes that seemed bottomless.

They stood looking at each other for what seemed forever, but was in reality but a few seconds. Julie recovered first, putting on a slight smile to cover her embarrassment. 

She held out her hand to Shannon. Shannon quickly recovered and grasped Julie's had to shake. But as their hands connected, Shannon took a quick intake of breath, feeling as if a shock had run up her hand when she touched Julie. Shannon could see from the slight jerk of Julie, that she to had felt something also when their hands touched.

Julie quickly released her hand and moved away, asking Mr. Wesley if there was anything else she should see. Julie offered a quick goodbye to Shannon as she walked off with Mr. Wesley. She was pleased to take a quick look back and see Shannon still standing outside her door, watching as Julie walked away.

"Oh my God!" Shannon thought to herself as she watched Julie walk away. Shannon felt the taste of desire, just from meeting Ofc. Wilson. "This could be a very good year" Shannon thought as a small smile came to her lips. She finally lost sight of Julie as she turned to enter her office.

Julie was finally free of Mr. Wesley as she sat at her desk. "What was that?" she thought, the image of Shannon seemingly burned into her memory. Julie could still feel a pulse between her legs as the memory of Shannon replayed itself in her mind. "I can't be attracted to her! I just can't!"

Julie finally settled herself and tried to involve herself in her duties, though her thoughts continued to return to the beautiful councilor.

The rest of the day gave Julie no further surprises as she waked the halls, making herself known and available to the passing students with her presence.

The weeks slipped by, with Julie always finding a smile on her face whenever she would pass Shannon in the halls for a quick hello or goodbye.

She was surprised on a Friday afternoon as she heard a light knock on her doorframe. She looked up and immediately broke into a smile seeing Shannon standing there.

"Hi, not interrupting anything, am I?" Shannon asked. 

"No, no, just finished some paperwork and getting ready to leave."

Julie thought Shannon looked kind of nervous and hesitant before asking, well, I was wondering if you wanted to join me, er, us, for a drink? Shannon quickly added, "with some of the other female teacher's," 

Julie had a date to meet with a new guy she had met the week before, but felt compelled to agree.

"Sure, that'd be great. Where and when?"

Shannon broke into a large smile as she told Julie that they would be meeting at the O'Shaughnessy on 13th St at 7.

Shannon made a quick goodbye as she all but skipped away.

Julie was slightly puzzled by her quick agreement. She didn't normally meet with what she thought of as the "civilians". But she couldn't deny that she felt excited to see Shannon in a less formal setting. 

Julie quickly canceled her date with what's his name and headed home to change.

Julie felt like she was going on a first date as she flipped through her clothes, looking for just the right outfit to wear. Her hands felt damp from nervousness as she picked out and quickly discarded items.

"What am I doing?" Julie questioned. "I'm just meeting some people for drinks! But Julie knew whom she wanted to meet with.

Julie finally decided on a black v-neck t-shirt, tight black jeans and boots. "Might as well go as dark and mysterious. Most of the staff is somewhat scared of me already."

Julie arrived just after 7 and quickly picked out the group of about six women sitting with Shannon.

Julie found herself only looking at Shannon as she neared the table. Shannon quickly jumped up upon seeing Julie approaching. 

"Hi, I'm glad you could make it," Shannon said with a large smile. She unconsciously reached out, taking both of Julie's hands in hers.

Julie found herself again captivated looking into Shannon's smiling eyes. She felt herself once again drawn into those blue depths.

Julie's fog was broken by a loud voice asking for drinks. Julie took a step away from Shannon, breaking their contact as she looked over at the table.

One of the teacher's, Tina Swanson, was sitting in the seat next to where Shannon had been sitting. Julie felt a heat race up her as she saw the way Tina was looking at the back of Shannon. Julie suddenly realized she was feeling jealous of Tina's interest in Shannon. She quickly dismissed the thought as being ridiculous. Shannon was just someone she would like to think of as a friend.

"Hi everyone," Julie quickly said. She hoped they could not see the blush she felt was burning her face.

Shannon directed Julie to a chair that was next to where Shannon had been sitting. After ordering a beer, she started socializing with the other woman, yet she always found herself being drawn back to just speaking with Shannon. 

They talked of nothing of importance, yet Julie found herself more drawn to Shannon as the night continued. Her normal guards seemed to melt away the more time she spent with her.

She even felt a secret delight in seeing the frustration grow in Tina as Shannon spent most of her time speaking with Julie.

She noticed a flicker of disappointment cross Shannon's face when she mentioned breaking off her date to be there this evening. Shannon quickly replaced it with a slight smile.

Finally the group began to depart, with Tina making a final attempt to have Shannon walk out with her. Shannon gave her a quick dismissal, instead staying with Julie.

"You mentioned you like bike riding. Care to join me on a ride around the lake?" Shannon asked Julie once they were outside.

"Yeah, that would be great."

"Okay, meet me in the parking lot of Corbin Park on Sunday at 8 and we'll take a spin around the lake."

Julie could feel a sudden joy in getting to spend some solitary time with Shannon. 

They said their goodbyes and headed home.

Shannon wondered to herself as she walked to her Forerunner. "She's straight! Hell she was going to go on a date with a guy tonight! What am I thinking?"

But she very much liked Julie and dismissed her doubts. "If nothing else, I'll have made a new friend. A really beautiful and nice friend."

The next morning, Julie arrived as Shannon was trying to pull her bike off the roof rack of her car. Julie found herself staring at Shannon's backside as she was stretched out trying to lift the mountain bike down. Shannon's ass filled the black spandex shorts nicely. Tan legs looking wonderful with the muscle definition so clearly displayed. Shannon had pleated her hair into a long tail that contrasted nicely against her shorts.

Julie parked next to Shannon's car and got out to help. 

"You want some help with that?"

Shannon gave out a frustrated huff as she stepped back from the car.

"I knew the salesman was giving me a bunch of bull when he sold me this roof rack!" Shannon said. " I had a tail gate rack that was a lot easier, but I accidentally backed into a pole and bent it. I'm to damn short for this thing."

Shannon stopped talking as she saw the tall figure of Julie come around her car. Shannon could only stare at the long, legs leading up to Julie's tight blue biking shorts. She felt her pulse quickening with each movement of those tight thigh muscles. She continued her visual tour over the slim stomach to sumptuous looking breasts. Even through Julie's sports bra and multi colored top, Shannon could see taut nipples tenting the fabric. 

Shannon caught herself staring and moved back further as Julie moved in front of her and began to easily remove the bike from the rack with her.

Shannon again found herself speechless as she watched the muscles flex in Julie's arms and across her broad shoulders.

"Oh my god! I'm going to look like I wet myself if I keep staring at her!"

Shannon quickly shifted to take the bike from Julie as she brought it to the ground. 

Julie had to consciously remember to let go of the bike as she saw Shannon's jersey was partially zipped down. She didn't appear to be wearing a bra, and Julie felt mesmerized by the swell of Shannon's breasts and the twin points that sat atop them. Clearly visible in their seemingly aroused state.

Julie didn't think she could talk straight if she tried to say anything. She instead released the bike to Shannon, then quickly moved to retrieve her own bicycle.

With Julie's road bike down, they began a slow ride to warm up before building up speed along the paved path around the large lake.

Julie could see that Shannon was struggling to keep up and slowed her speed down so they could ride beside each other.

"Do you ride out here often?" Julie asked.

"About once a month. I really like the dirt trail going up into the hills. How about you?"

"Not really, I mostly ride on the street. I try to get in about ten miles several times a week before I get into work."

"Well that explains those leg muscles then," Shannon said. Not really realizing she was voicing what she thought she had only been thinking. She hoped Julie didn't look over to see her blushing face. Though as red as it was from riding, she doubted Julie could tell.

Julie could feel a certain part of her body give a sudden throb at the comment. She didn't think it was due to her bicycle seat. She thought it better to not comment, but definitely appreciated that Shannon had been looking.

"Hey, we're coming up to having a mile left. Want to race back?" Shannon shot out.

"Sure, but what do I get when..."

"Go!" and with that, Shannon stood on the pedals and took off.

Julie sucked in her laughter as she cranked up to chase the quickly departing Shannon. "That little bitch! This is something I would have done."

Julie was able to close the distance fairly quickly, though she thought the laughing she could hear coming from Shannon had something to do with it.

As Julie neared Shannon, she noticed the rising and falling of Shannon's backside as she pedaled. Left up, right down, right up, left down. Julie was captivated watching those round globes moving with the tight shorts. Shannon's long hair acting like a reverse metronome as it pointed from one cheek to the other. Julie decided that maybe she would lose this challenge after all.

Shannon let a "wooo hooo" as she entered the parking area first. Laughing, she turned too see that Julie was right behind her. Shannon stopped her laughing as she noticed that Julie definitely didn't look like she had been sprinting as hard as she could the way Shannon had.

As they pulled up to their cars and stopped Shannon gave the grinning Julie a frown. 

"Why don't you look like your legs are feeling like logs, butt sore and a certain area feeling possibly chafed for ever?" Shannon jokingly demanded.

Julie laughed at the look on Shannon's face. "Oh, no, really, I feel all those things. Well, maybe not all."

"Besides Mz. Barrett, I believe you cheated."

Shannon put on her best baby girl face, hands behind her back, coyly responding "well, I may have taken some advantage of our geographic location."

Julie looked at her puzzled as she drank some water. With a raised eyebrow she asked, "geographic location?"

"Yes. I was ahead when I said go." Which set them both to laughing.

After Julie helped get Shannon's bike back on her car and her own stowed, Shannon asked, "I don't live to far from hear, care to come over for something to drink while we cool down there Blue Knight?" 

Julie laughed, "Blue Knight?"

Shannon took the couple of steps to Julie, thrusting her hips out in an exaggerated way, hoping she had her best sexy look on her face. Julie felt her body heating as Shannon put on her sexy routine, her mouth suddenly feeling very dry but forcing down a swallow.

Shannon took a hold of Julie's arm, batting her eyelids as she said, "Well, yeah! You're my helpful blue knight. Especially if you come to my place and take my bike back down."

It took Julie a second to realize what Shannon was saying having been caught up in watching her prior movements. Her hearing finally tapped her brain and she let out a laugh.

Bowing at the waist and with a sweeping motion of her hand, Julie responded, "well then milady. Lead on so that this humble knight may accomplish the challenge you have so described."

Shannon set off laughing again, pulling Julie against her with the arm she had not released. Julie felt a pulse of desire as she felt Shannon's body press against hers. She was only half thankful when Shannon let go and walked to her car door.

After a quick, "follow me," they were off to Shannon's home.

"Just friends! She's just a touchy feely person! Just friendly," Julie kept muttering to herself as she followed Shannon to her home.

Julie wasn't even listening as Foreigner's, "I want to know what love is," was playing on her radio.

Shannon turned into the driveway of a small, single-family ranch style home. She could see it needed a bit of painting and no real landscaping appeared to be taking place.

Julie parked in front of the house and walked up to complete her assigned task of removing Shannon's bike.

"I'm a little surprised." Julie said as they were about to enter the house.

"Oh, why's that?"

"Well, I expected this place would look like the Garden of Eden." Shannon turned to her with a questioning look. "Well, I mean since you're built so low to the ground, I figured you'd just be a natural gardener."

Julie laughed as Shannon's mouth fell open. "Did you just call me short?" Shannon snorted out.

"Not at all, I was just suggesting your height challenged build seemed perfect for seeing eye to eye with the weeds."

Julie laughed as Shannon gave her a playful slap on the arm.

"Excuse me miss, but it is against the law to assault a law officer."

"Well fortunately I'm just trying to beat some smarts into a dim knight," Shannon retorted.

Again both laughing, Julie followed Shannon into her kitchen. Shannon got them both a sport drink before sitting at the small kitchen table.

Julie did not normally tell of her struggles growing up, with school and family. But she felt so comfortable speaking with Shannon. She briefly wished she had met Shannon many years sooner.

Shannon told Julie of her youth. She had a normal childhood and what she felt were great parents. Shannon wasn't sure about disclosing everything about herself though. She believed that Julie wouldn't mind if Shannon told her she was a lesbian, but she just had a feeling it might be something to keep to herself for the time being.
