 It seemed as though we were at a standstill. He just stood there looking for answers that I wasn't prepared to give. After the night and morning I had with Jae, I wasn't ready for a conversation with him. I haven't had time to even dwell on the fact that I was with a woman! Shouldn't I be allowed some time to process? This was a big deal!

"What do you mean by that? Plans change."

"You're a smart guy. You know exactly what that means. How many times have you gone out and you decided to stay out later? Check out a different spot? Or go hang at a friend's house instead of at the bar? We were having fun and stayed out later than we planned. Simple as that."

"Somehow I think it's not that simple. Come on, open the door let's get inside."

"I just want to relax, so I might as well take you home before I go in and get comfortable."

"I'm staying here."

For what? I'm not going to want to take you home later, I'll do it now. We can spend some time together tomorrow."

"No. I meant that I'll be staying here for a while. I got evicted."

"Are you kidding me? No! You're not living with me."

"Why not? Of course I am."

"No, you're not! You just quit your job. Too stressful! You spend all of your time hanging out with your brothers, "fishing". Which I know is code for getting high. And you sold your car. You had a BMW. Where's the money from that? And now you've been evicted? You will NOT stay with me!"

"Don't think I don't know what this little change of heart is all about."

"This little change of heart has been a long time coming."

"So it's not about the fact that you just spent the night playing the little bitch for that fucking dyke?"

"You're an asshole! I don't care where you go and how you get there, but just get the fuck away from me!"

"I'm not going anywhere!

Thank God for neighbors! When my neighbor came out and saw that he had grabbed me by my arms and was attempting to force me to open the front door, she was ready to jump on him. She's in her late 60's so thankfully just the threat of calling the police made him leave. I don't know or care where he went. I was just relieved that he was gone and it was over.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I wasn't sure if he was going to try and come back, but I just wasn't up to another confrontation so I went to my best friend's house. I knew she would probably be home since she works nights. When I arrived, I was pleased to see that she was alone. There are days when her house is filled beyond capacity with kids. At that moment I needed my friend all to myself.

"You won't believe the day I'm having."

"Oh. Wassup?"

"Guess what asshole tried to stay with me because they got evicted."

"I knew there was something up with him! Losing his job AND his car..."

"He quit his job."

"That's what he told you. But he's had too much going on at one time. Left the job. Got rid of his car. Disappearing on you with no notice...and now he's been evicted. That man is on drugs!"

"Something's wrong with him. He was just sitting on the porch when I got home today. I don't know how long he had been sitting there. When I wanted him to leave he tried to force me into letting him in the house. My neighbor had to threaten to call the police."

"He's fucking crazy! Wait a minute! When you got home from where?"

When presented with the perfect opportunity to tell her about Jae, I hesitated. I don't know why I was so reluctant to tell my best friend about Jae. She's gay herself...and married. I remember earlier in our friendship, I used to question her about her style of dress. I would encourage her to wear more feminine clothing; I know it got on her nerves. Now I had to tell her about Jae; a woman who dresses even more masculine than she does. It made me a little nervous. I didn't want her to think that I was a hypocrite.

I'm guessing that I've known my best friend for over 16 years and in that time nothing. Absolutely, positively no funny stuff ever went on between us. Before she got married all of her exes had a problem with our friendship and would often accuse us of being involved, but never even had a make out session. I was straight. I am straight. Whatever! The point is that we've never had that kind of relationship. The funny thing about us when we first became friends was that I was the only person that didn't know she was gay. I even asked her once about the woman's name she had tattooed on her arm; she said it was her grandmother's. I just thought she was a tomboy. I can admit it now...I was naïve. 

"Ok. If I tell you something, will you promise not to freak out on me or get mad?"

"No."

"Come on! Please? I've been dying to talk to you about it, but didn't know how to tell you."

"Whatever. You tell me everything."

"Not this."

"What is it? Just tell me."

"I went out last night."

"And...?

"...and. Do you remember Jae? She was in that class we took last year."

"I smoke weed. Remember? Kills the brain cells. I don't remember who I might've run into last week."

"Come on. Think about it. A few of us in the class exchanged numbers and promised to keep in touch. She was one of them."

"I still don't...Wait! The stud?!?!"

"Yeah. She and I went out last night."

"I know there's more to it than that if it's taking you this long to spit it all out."

"We went to Turning Stone, and ended up staying the night."

"YOU FUCKED A STUD!"

"Jae and I had sex last night."

"Are you shitting me? After all of these years of you saying that you're straight, you go out and fuck a stud?"

"It wasn't like that. It kinda just happened, but I like her."

"You like her?"

"Yes."

"And what about me?"