 "You know, my sugary sweetness, I love seeing you wear the nipple rings and chain. It's very sexy and I like the idea that you're chained to me -- figuratively, of course. We'll practice with Brutus until you're comfortable with the idea that he's chained to your tits, uh, breasts."

Lyssa held one end of the chain to her breasts and let the other end dangle down the sleeve of her blouse until it was within her grasp. Joanna measured how long it would have to be and took it back to the jewelers. She had the jeweler fasten a ring about an inch and a half in diameter on one end, cut the chain to measurement, and add a very small snap fastener to the other end. He showed Joanna how the snap worked. It was a bit complicated. When Joanna left the shop, the woman clerk smiled and nodded at her. Joanna hoped the woman was not a gossip. Actually, it might be an advantage if she were. Everyone would know that Lyssa belonged to her. No. That wouldn't be fair to Lyssa. 

She also bought a wide, gold ankle chain for Lyssa; the chain had several linked rubies and a gold plate that would have Joanna's name engraved on it. The anklet would be sent to the house when it was finished. It was to be Lyssa's slave bracelet.

Lyssa was eager to try out the chain. There was a little play in the length of it but still worked out well. They fastened Brutus' chain leash to the ring and Lyssa, holding the ring with two fingers through it, paraded around the house getting used to the setup. The following day, the two women and Brutus walked around the block twice, giving Lyssa her first outing in over a year. She was practically dancing with joy. Brutus kept looking up at her, wondering what the fuss was all about. He and Joanna took this walk every day. 

That weekend, the three of them went to a movie house where Joanna was known and Brutus was allowed in with them. Next, they went to a restaurant, and again Brutus was allowed in. Everywhere they went, Brutus was allowed to accompany them. Lyssa wondered how that could be until she recalled that the name of the town was Mackey, the same as Joanna's last name. There had to be a connection.

Joanna was the town celebrity and had been so since she was born to Celia and Ken Mackey, the son of the previous owner of half the town. The Mackeys no longer owned as much property but still quite a bit; Joanna owned half of that property and what the rest brought in when liquidated after the elder Mackey, his wife, and Celia's parents all died in Mackey's private plane crash when Joanna was very young. No one refused entrance to Joanna and Brutus. 

When the ankle bracelet arrived, Lyssa put it on and pranced back and forth in front of the mirror. She loved it; she didn't mind that it marked her as belonging to Joanna. She thought she would always wear it even after she gained her freedom. Maybe her husband wouldn't understand, but she could have the plate with Joanna's name turned, so it couldn't be read. She could have her husband's name engraved on the visible side. Then she would belong to both of them. 

Joanna took Lyssa everywhere. She introduced the girl to all her friends whom she had been avoiding for the past year. Joanna took Lyssa to her country club, the best restaurants, museums, and the theater. Brutus was welcomed everywhere. Often he had a seat to himself. Lyssa had never been to such lavish places and was delighted.

All of Joanna's friends welcomed Lyssa and congratulated Joanna on her extraordinary good luck in finding the beautiful girl and having her as a companion. Some of them noted that Lyssa always held Brutus' chain and commented on it but not to Joanna. Joanna was princess in this town. One or two of her more catty friends were jealous. One had the nerve to say out loud in front of a group of ladies that Joanna went around with her male dog and her bitch. She found herself persona non grata in the town's inner social circles from then on. No one else made that mistake. 

One day, as they were having lunch at a sidewalk café, Lyssa looked up to see a familiar face approaching them. She tried to hide by putting the menu in front of her. She didn't want anyone she knew to recognize her. 

The woman and her companion came right up to the table and said, "Hi, Joanna, Miss Dawn. How are you?" 

Lyssa recognized them as the owners of the private school she had worked for over a year ago. She felt her face burning and wanted to disappear.

"Hi Mom," answered Joanna. "We're fine. Hello Karla. Lyssa, I'd like you to meet my mother, Celia, and my aunt, Karla. Well, Karla's not actually my aunt, but I think of her that way. I've know her since I was an infant." 

"Hello, Lyssa," said Karla. "I wondered what happened to you when you didn't apply for a teaching job the following semester. I see that Joanna has been hiding you all this time."

Lyssa stammered something that she was never able to recall. The two older women sat down at the table and the waiter was right there with menus. After fifteen minutes or so, Lyssa was unable to get her tongue under control and able to join the conversation. In fact, she was able to make some suggestions about the school. She immediately turned red and apologized for her temerity. The women laughed, told her not to apologize, and thanked her for the suggestions.

"Lyssa, we appreciate teachers who think outside the box. If you ever get tired of running around with my daughter, we'll welcome you back to the school. Some of your students still ask about you. They really like you. We were all impressed with your abilities. In fact, even if you don't get tired of Joanna, we'd welcome you back. Well, Lyssa, Joanna, our lunch break is over. We don't want to set a bad example for the rest of the staff. Lyssa, it's been nice seeing you again. Make this reclusive daughter of mine bring you to see us occasionally." Celia and Karla patted Brutus' head and left the café. They said nothing about the chain from the dog's color to Lyssa's sleeve. Lyssa had been using both hands to eat.

Lyssa hit Joanna with the menu and admonished her for not telling about her mother and the school. 

"When Dad died, Mom bought the school with money he left her -- us. When I was in my late twenties, Mom and Karla moved into my father's old loft apartment and gave me the house that Mom and Dad had lived in after they were married. Lyssa, you're going to hear all kinds of stories of my father's drinking and womanizing. Unfortunately, except for some embellishment, they are all true. Please don't judge Mom and me by what you hear. However, maybe this apple didn't fall far from the tree. Look how I've treated you. Let's go home. I've had enough for one day."

On the way home, a black cat ran in front of them. Brutus followed it with his eyes but didn't change course. Lyssa gasped and turned ashen. She took a few deep breaths and continued walking with the dog and Joanna.

Arriving home, Lyssa had Joanna unclip the chain from her breasts; she didn't know how to do it herself. When Joanna realized the girl was distraught, she asked Lyssa if she were okay. When Lyssa told her it was the black cat incident that bothered her, Joanna chided her for being superstitious. 

"No, Joanna, I'm not superstitious. For the past few months, I've been very comfortable with the chain arrangement, but today --, what if Brutus had chased that cat? He's very strong. I wouldn't have been able to stop him with that little ring. He would have ripped my blouse off and torn my nipples to shreds. I know he's well behaved, but I'll have that vision in my head anyway. We have to find another way to handle this. I can't ask you to trust me because I will escape if I get the chance. I'm sorry, Joanna. I've really enjoyed getting out and going around with you."

After the taste of semi-freedom, little Lyssa began to pace around the house like a lost soul. She pleaded with Joanna to find another way that they could go out together. Their sex life was marginalized by Lyssa's unhappiness at being housebound again. She would cry herself to sleep at night and stopped sucking Joanna nipples in the morning. When Joanna licked her vagina, Lyssa's mind was elsewhere and she couldn't orgasm. Joanna stopped asking the girl to perform cunnilingus on her. 

Though Lyssa knew that Joanna loved seeing her with the nipple rings and connecting chain, she took them off. Joanna removed her rings, too. The girl was naked around the house, but longed to wear clothes and go out. They were both miserable, but Joanna was stubborn, too, and wouldn't take Lyssa out for fear of losing her. 

The next morning, Joanna awoke and not finding Lyssa in bed, went to look for her. Brutus had her pinned to the wall next to the kitchen door. She was wearing a bed sheet wrapped around her and was wearing Joanna's slippers. Both women started to cry. 

"Lyssa, you thought up the nipple chains. I would never have imposed them on you if you hadn't volunteered. I can't think of anything that would restrict you, but I'm willing to listen if you come up with an idea. You got the nipple ring thingy from the 'net'. Try to find something else or figure something out. I don't want to keep you pent up in the house, but I honestly can't think of anything."

"I thought of wearing the chain around my waist, but I realized you wouldn't accept that. It would break before it would restrict me. Joanna, I'll shrivel up and die if we can't go out again." 

A week later, Lyssa came into Joanna's home office all excited. She had been on the Internet again and thought she had an answer to their dilemma.

"Jo, I googled the nipple ring sites again and found something that might work, but maybe you're too squeamish to follow through. Will you at least listen until I'm finished before you say 'no' out of hand?"

"My sugary sweetness, of course I'll listen to what you have to say. I want to resolve this problem as much as you do. I feel worse than I did before you agreed to be my... How shall I refer to you: My mistress, or do only men have mistresses? I'm probably the 'Mistress' because you're my captive. And no, I don't want you to call me 'Mistress'.

One of my friends asked me if you were my inamorata. I had to look it up in the dictionary. It means a woman with whom you are in love or have an intimate relationship - and that's exactly what you are. My precious inamorata. I even had thoughts of telling my friends that you are my precious inamorata. I love you so much, Lyssa. I'm sorry. I'm babbling because I'm afraid of what you're going to tell me. Okay, I'm listening, what's your new plan?"

"Well, you know how you -- uh --we put the rings in my breasts. I saw, on line, how some women wear rings and things in their pubic lips and..."

"Stop right there, Lyssa. You were right. I don't want to hear this. I mutilated your nipples. I'm not going to do that to any other part of your body, especially your puss, uh, genitals. No. I don't want to hear any more." Joanna got up from the computer and rushed into the kitchen. She bent over the counter and wept with guilt at what she was doing to Lyssa. She felt like her life was being ripped apart. She had been so happy a while back and now everything was turning to ashes.

Lyssa followed Joanna into the kitchen. 

"Jo, you're going to listen whether you want to or not. If you don't, I'm going to walk out that door naked. At this point, I don't care if Brutus bites me or not. I'll turn my rear toward him and let him bite my bottom. There's a lot of meat there that he can chew on. Maybe he won't go for my throat or abdomen."

Joanna looked at the childlike girl, and half crying and half laughing, she agreed to listen. She could just picture Brutus clinging to Lyssa's round butt cheeks. She would stop crying, start to laugh, and start crying again. Her emotions had her in chaos. She herself had bitten Lyssa's bottom many time in the last few months, gently, but with extreme pleasure and she wanted the chance to do it again. 

She ran water over a washcloth, folded it and held it against her eyes. They were red and sore. Blindfolded, she missed the chair she had planned to sit on and found herself sitting on the floor. 

Lyssa sat down on the floor beside her and began her explanation. They would put rings through her labia and run the gold chain to Brutus' leash. Lyssa wanted to use the leather leash because she could hold it more easily than the chain leash because it had a heavy plaited handle. If Brutus were to bolt, he would have to drag Lyssa, as there was no way she'd let go of that leash. She wanted Joanna to buy her several skirts with slits up both sides so that she could move the chain from side to side. She thought this was a brilliant idea and wanted to put the plan into action immediately. Joanna brought her down to earth by telling the girl that the 'requirements' would have to be ordered. She reminded Lyssa that she had no inner lips to speak of and the links would have to go through her outer labia. That could be excruciating painful. 

She wanted Lyssa to think long and hard about going through that ordeal. The girl would have time to think about it before they purchased the paraphernalia. Joanna could see that Lyssa was emphatic about making this happen, but she was having misgivings even before the plan could be put into action. Firstly, it would be very painful when the rings were inserted; secondly, it would mar that perfect body; thirdly, it might not work. Further, by letting Lyssa use the heavy leather leash, Brutus would be under her control. Joanna wasn't about to tell Lyssa the secret, but if Lyssa tried to walk out, Brutus wouldn't stop her. That leash told him whom to obey.

Possibly, she could have Doctor Janssen do the procedure, but she had her doubts that he would. She also had her doubts that she could go through with the operation. She desperately wanted to please Lyssa and, in so doing, please herself. When Lyssa was happy, she was happy.

Another thought came to her. Karla had been an emergency room nurse before she and Celia opened the school. Could she ask Karla? How would she explain it? Would Karla do it? Joanna fell asleep that night, holding Lyssa in her arms, but with her head spinning with all kinds of negative thoughts. Why wasn't Lyssa just a bit more concerned about the pain she would have to endure? Why was she feeling more apprehensive than Lyssa?

Joanna woke up the next morning with Lyssa sucking her nipple. The girl was so excited that she might be allowed to leave the house again that she couldn't calm down. She even had an orgasm when Joanna licked her vagina. Joanna hadn't told her about Karla, yet. Lyssa expected Joanna to insert the rings as she had in Lyssa's nipples. She danced around the house all day, only stopping long enough to hug Joanna and give her long, sloppy kisses. Joanna loved watching that beautiful waif dance naked. Now, if she found the nerve to ask Karla, and Karla agreed to do it, maybe their lives would be back on track again.

"Lys, I need to discuss the labia rings with you. I don't think I can stick those things in you, but I have an alternate suggestion. My Aunt Karla was a nurse for a number of years, and I'm planning on asking her if she would perform the operation."

"Why are you making such a big deal out of it, Jo? I'm the one who should be apprehensive, but I want to do it, so we can get out and do things again. Don't you want to be able to have fun?"

"Sugary sweetness, I have fun just being with you, but, yes, I was always on the go before you came along and turned me into a recluse. I don't really care anymore if I do anything else but be with you. You're my everything. I'm madly in love with you, darling. I feel about you like my Dad's women felt about him - addicted. Maybe I'm atoning for him. Just agree to let me talk to Karla. Okay?"

"Goody. By the way, how can Karla be your aunt? She looks to be about your age."

"Goody? Goody? How old are you, really? Am I robbing the cradle? 

Karla is so drop dead gorgeous that she looks twenty years younger than she really is. She's about fifty-five or fifty-six, about a year younger than my mother. I have pictures of her in her late teens and twenties. She was an absolute knockout. She used to be my dad's mistress. I think that Dad would have eventually married Karla if Mom hadn't gotten pregnant with me; Dad's father made him marry Mom. Mom's very pretty, but she can't compete with Karla. Karla could have any man she wanted, but she was so much in love with Dad that she has never been able to accept another man. 

Half the women in this town were smitten with Dad and still carry a torch. He used them, beat them, and treated them like dirt, but they still came back for more. I think his abuse just made them try harder to make him want them. I'm not being disloyal to Dad. I just know the truth about him. I actually saw how he tortured women because he made me watch. He made me watch when he abused Mom, too. Mom told me that he never showed anyone any love and affection. He just used them."

"Oh, I'm so sorry, Jo. My life was so different. We didn't have much money, but I was pampered and just about drowned with love from my parents. My life turned upside down when they died. About Karla, if you are quite sure you can't put the rings in my labia, then, yes, I'd agree to have her do it. We have to do it, Jo. We have to or I'll fade away. I must go outside."

"Okay, doll, this is the way I've thought of to break the ice with her. I'll tell her that you are adamant about being pierced, and you plan to have it done at one of those sleazy adult places. I'll say that I'm concerned that you'll get an infection, and I don't know how to stop you. Maybe she'll volunteer. She used to sew up wounds and such when she worked in the ER; there were never enough doctors in our small hospital, and she had to do what they would have normally done. She's not squeamish. She has repaired damage that my father inflicted on his women -- and damage they inflicted on each other. I'll broach the subject; keep your fingers crossed that she 'takes the bait".

=========

Well readers, I've doubled my intended output, but the story still won't let me go. I'm emotionally drained. I feel that I'm in the story experiencing this whole thing, and there's still no end in sight. Bear with me; it has to end sometime.