 "Hello Aunt Karla..."

"Hello, Joanna, whom do you want rubbed out?"

"Wha...what are you talking about?"

"Jo, ever since you were twelve years old, the only times you ever called me Aunt Karla, instead of just Karla, were when you wanted something. Now I know you can't possibly need money; you can't possibly need an abortion; you don't need my permission to get a tattoo; what else could you possibly want besides finding someone to take out a contract on someone you don't like?"

"Er, no, uh, Karla." She laughed, swallowed hard and said, "Well, I just thought. I mean..."

"Jo, why am I the only person in the world to whom you find it difficult to be direct? Lord knows you're never tongue-tied when you are lashing out at some poor soul in this town. Everyone is afraid to cross your path because you are 'so direct'. Now spit it out. What do you want of me?" 

"WellKarla,Lyssawantstogetherpubespiercedatoneofthoseadultpiercingparlorsintown,andI'mafraidshe'llgetaninfectionbutshe'sadamantandIdon'tknowhowtostopherandIneedyour advice." 

"Jeez Louise, I haven't the slightest clue as to what you just said. Take all the marbles out of your mouth and talk slowly. You don't have to be afraid of what I'll think. Not only do I have a thick, but fantastically gorgeous, skin, but also I've seen and heard it all. Nothing, but nothing, can surprise or shock me. Now, start again. Once more, without gusto."

Joanna told Karla what she had planned to say.

"Jo, you're not asking for advice. You want me to do the honors. Be honest; isn't that the reason you called me? However, I take it back about never being surprised. What you want me to do is shocking. I guess I hadn't heard everything. And NO, I won't mutilate that sweet child. We know she won't go to one of those sleazy dives, and there aren't any upscale places like that in Mackey. There are good, clean, health conscious places in large cities that you could take her to if you can't talk her out of doing that to herself. In fact, I'll talk to her and convince her of the insanity of such a thing. When can I come over, sit her down, and scare the bejabbers out of her?" 

"It just won't work, Karla. Once she's made up her mind; no one is going to talk her out of it. In the meantime, she's making us both miserable. Why are relationships so damned difficult?...And don't bother trying to answer that. Anyway, I have to go and pull her down off the chandelier. Thanks for listening. Bye."

"Karla, Karla, it's Lyssa. Joanna told me that you wouldn't put the rings in my labia. Please Karla. I know you don't know me very well, but I just have to have this procedure. I'll lie down on the floor and throw a tantrum if I can't have it. I'll beat my hands and head to a pulp. Hmmm, I'm joking, of course; I'm not a child; however, I am contemplating doing it myself if neither you nor Jo will do it. I've read the directions that came with the needles and the rings Jo bought from the jewelry store. Please reconsider, please. I'll never ask you for another favor. Oops. Gotta go. Jo's coming back upstairs."

"Lyssa, you know you're not supposed to use the phone. To whom were you talking?"

"I was... I was just calling 'time' information."

"You needed the time, why? Do you have a hot date?"

"No Joanna," she laughed. "Okay, I was trying to get Karla to reconsider. I'm sorry.'

"Don't be sorry, sugary sweetness. It's okay. What did she say?"

"I hung up before she could say NO again. Oh, Joanna, what am I going to do?" 

"What are we going to do, you mean? Remember, I'm just as unhappy as you are."

Morning and Lyssa is suckling. Jo is thinking that she can feel the tug in her womb; this is the closest she'll ever be to having a baby at her breast. This woman child is her precious baby: woman-child-baby all wrapped up in one beautiful package. Joanna is in a state of ecstasy - on cloud nine; someone is knocking at the door, and she comes down to earth. She tells Lyssa to "unsnopple", so she can get dressed and answer the door. Lyssa, keeping her lips tight, pulls off of Jo's nipple making a sucking, slurping, kissing sound. Then she runs to the front door, looks through the 'peephole', and is about to open the door to Celia and Karla; Brutus lets out a low grr; Lyssa takes her hand off the doorknob and backs against the wall. Jo, in a robe, is walking across the entryway, as Celia unlocks the door and the two women walk in. Karla looks at Brutus who has his muzzle practically in Lyssa's loins.

"Well, it appears that you're going to have Brutus bite the holes to put rings in. You don't need us, so we'll go back home." Everyone except Brutus gets the joke, and the women giggle. "Yes, Lyssa, we'll do the procedure. We don't want you to get a sore neck trying to see what you're doing to those cute pubic lips. And they are cute. Why are you naked, by the way? I know you're not working, but why can't Jo, at least, buy you a shorty nightgown or a robe? Where are your clothes? And why do you answer the door naked, but unashamedly?"

Lyssa blushes all the way down to her knees and tries to answer Karla. 

"Well, I don't have any clothes; I mean no clothes to speak of; I mean they're all in the laundry; oh, oooh, I like to be naked and Jo likes me to be naked." Lyssa starts to cry. She is concerned that Jo is embarrassed, and she doesn't want to be the cause of that embarrassment. 

"Never mind, child," offers Celia. "I can see why Jo wants you naked. I would, too, if you were my lover." Karla punches Celia's arm lightly and hisses: "traitor."

Karla hefts the black medical bag she is carrying and asks where the operating room is. Jo hasn't thought of that and stammers, "Well, not in the basement. That is NOT the place this is going to happen. What about the dining room table? We can put several heavy towels on it and do it there. I mean you can do it there. I'm not even going to watch. I'd just cry and distract you. I want you to have your full attention on what you're doing."

The women get the table and paraphernalia ready, and Jo scoops up Lyssa and places her on the towels. Jo's heart is pumping wildly. You would think it was she who was about to be 'needled'. Karla and Celia scrub up and paint Lyssa's lower lips with an antiseptic. Using a marker pen, Karla puts dots on Lyssa's lips where the needles will enter.

Jo runs down to the basement and sits on a leather chair; then she hears Lyssa scream, so she closes and locks the steel soundproof door to the stairwell; then she puts her fingers in her ears. Tears are flowing down her cheeks. She adores Lyssa and can't stand the thought of her being in pain. She thinks back of impaling the girl on the post; sticking the catheter in her urethra; beating the poor girl with whips; and putting the damned clips on those tender nipples. She remembers how it felt when she pushed needles through those sweet nipples. She is thoroughly ashamed of herself for making the child suffer. Since she was ten years old, she has not cried so frequently. Lyssa has cried a lot, too. Was their relationship going to be based on tearful situations? She hopes not.

Now, Lyssa is suffering more because Joanna won't take her out in public without being chained. Like Brutus. Like a dog. She is unaware that she has been holding her breath until her chest begins to hurt. 

She thinks to herself, "Lyssa, my sweet, adorable baby, I'm going to make it up to you. I love you so much. Why do I have to hurt you? Why can't I be a better lover? I'd do anything in the world for you if only you could love me. I'll do anything in the world for you even if you don't love me."

Someone is knocking on the metal door. Jo looks at her watch; its been just under an hour since she left the women upstairs and Lyssa was about to have her pubic lips pierced; could they have finished by now? Nooo. Oh dear lord, Lyssa has died on the 'operating' table. I want to die, too. Please, dear lord, don't let anything happen to my sweet baby. Jo is beside herself with grief."

When she opens the door, Celia and Karla are standing there with grim expressions on their faces. 

"What's happened? Is Lyssa okay? What's wrong? You look like something bad has happened. Please let Lyssa be okay"

"Calm down, Jo. Lyssa is fine. A little uncomfortable, but she's fine. She's asleep in your bed. The procedure was really nothing. 

We're unhappy about what's been happening to her here in this house. We noticed the holes in her nipples, so we checked her over for other evidence of abuse. When we turned her over to check her bottom, she knew what we were looking for and said, 'The whip marks faded a long time ago.' Have you been abusing her? Are you following in your father's footsteps? We want an explanation, a full explanation of what's been going on in this house. If you don't come clean, we'll take Lyssa with us when we leave. We've seen too much abuse of women in this basement. We won't put up with any more."

Jo stared at them for a few minutes trying to think back at how all this began. She told them about taking Lyssa to be her sex toy, and how she tried to shock the girl into doing her bidding. She told them everything she did to the girl: the post, the beatings, the clamps, and the piercing of Lyssa's nipples. She said the post was her idea to force Lyssa to have sex with her, and that it didn't work. Jo explained that somewhere along the line, she fell in love with the child and wouldn't have hurt her again for the world. She insisted that the beatings and nipple clamps were Lyssa's idea, so that she could salve her conscience in order to perform oral sex on another woman – on Jo. She explained how Lyssa wanted her nipples pierced, so that they could go out in public and how that worked awhile until Lyssa became frightened lest Brutus bolt. She described how Lyssa thought up the labia piercing for the same reason. She was desperate to have a life outside the house.

Her mother and Karla were skeptical that Lyssa asked for the abuse and piercing of her own body, but Jo told them to ask Lyssa when Jo wasn't around. She said that Lyssa was a very unusual, strait-laced girl and didn't lie; not even little white lies. Celia and Karla said they would do just that because they still couldn't believe that Lyssa had described how she wanted to be tortured. She evidently wasn't masochistic. She had not gotten any joy from the labia piercing. She had gritted her teeth and cried softly when the needles entered her flesh. She had passed out momentarily when Karla closed the rings.

Karla asked Jo where she bought the gold rings. She was amazed when Jo told her about the local jewelry store. Jo had picked the rings from a fairly large selection. They were gold with a ruby, a real ruby, at the bottom of the ring. They had been expensive; however, Jo wanted nothing cheaper. The woman at the jewelry store had told Jo that they had quite a few requests for nipple and labia rings and so kept the selection. 

Karla asked Jo if she had realized that the needles probably caused Lyssa a great deal of pain. Jo went into hysterics. She screamed and pulled her hair. When Karla told Jo how to take care of the piercings with sea salt soaks, Jo was absolutely grief-stricken. She blamed herself for all of Lyssa's suffering. 

"Listen, Jo," said Celia. "I understand how badly you wanted – want Lyssa and I don't blame you, but you've kidnapped her and imprisoned her against her will. Are you aware that when she eludes your grubby little hands, she will probably report you? You will spend a long time in prison and all your money and status in this town won't protect you. In fact, there are some of your jealous friends who would love to see you in jail. 

I can't condone your continued keeping that young woman, but as I said, I do understand. I've seen so many women being used right here in this basement when it was a cold dank 'dungeon', and later when we had it finished and decorated. What you've done is nothing new, but I thought we'd seen the end of using this basement as a torture chamber. I won't try to stop you from keeping Lyssa, even if I could accomplish that, but I repeat, I don't condone it. You must realize that your brush will tar Karla, the school, and me when this comes out. Please think this through.

Let her go, Jo. You know the old adage about letting someone go, and if they love you, they will return. If Lyssa loves you, she will come back to you."

"Oh Mom," Jo cried, "Lyssa is straight and wants a normal family: a husband, children, and the white picket fence. She wouldn't return. She has told me that she will not stop trying to escape, but my feelings for her are so great, I cannot let her go. Forgive me, Mom, Karla, for dragging you into my crazy yearning world, but I can't help myself. That girl upstairs is my whole life. I want nothing else. Again, after I tried to shock her into giving me sex, I fell so deep in love with her that I am addicted – obsessed with her. No. I won't let her go."

"Okay, honey, you deserve the life you want. You've been celibate much too long. Yes, We know you haven't had a sexual relationship in the past. Karla and I will just have to roll with the punches. We'll back you all the way, but again, we warn you: This may not play out well. By the way, you've had Lyssa for over a year now. That poor child must be bored out of her mind being cooped up in this house." 

"Mom, that 'poor child' has the busiest day you can imagine. She turned twenty-three about six weeks after I took her. She wanted books for a birthday present, and I set up accounts for her at Amazon, a few other online bookstores, and PayPal. There's a steady stream of books coming here and she devours them. We – she subscribes to several magazines like Scientific American, the New England Journal of Medicine, Time, and newspapers like the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, and I don't know what else. She says that she never had the time before to read what she wanted to read. University was fine, but too narrow for her. That 'poor child' is brilliant. You educated me very well, but she can run rings around me. She wants to be a doctor and an engineer. She has dreams of combining those and doing biomedical engineering. When she doesn't have her nose in a book, she's on the Net researching. She has taken pre-med courses, on line.

She spends hours on the exercise equipment. When she's not searching cookbooks for new recipes that she makes, calling them organic chemistry, she's romping around the house with Brutus; they wrestle around on the floor. I swear that dog loves her as much as I do, but he still won't let her leave the house. I would imagine that he's a bit conflicted. She may be housebound, but bored? Unlikely. I'm overwhelmed at the energy she expends. I get tired just watching her. And no, she's not completely naked all the time. She ordered some wraparound towel thingies with Velcro to hold them on. She's sexier than ever with those covering her lower body like a skirt. She dances and prances, and I watch her breasts bobble and I get so horny, I drag her into the bedroom a couple times a day and... Neither of us is bored, Mom. When she turned twenty-four, I took her out to places she wanted to go, like to the library and museums. That's when we met you at the outdoor café." 

The women left the basement and went up to Jo and Lyssa's bedroom. The girl remained asleep when Jo lifted the bed covers and looked at Lyssa's pubes. She gasped and dropped the covers. Lyssa's lips were swollen and there were traces of blood on them. Karla assured Joanna that everything was fine. The insertions had gone without a hitch.

Karla had squeezed each of the girl's nether lips with Foerster sponge forceps that had an oval opening at the end of each arm. That's when Lyssa screamed at first, but she held her breath after that and toughed out the rest of the ordeal. She was a very good patient. The needles had gone through her pinched lips without too much effort, followed by the rings. 

Lyssa had steeled herself for the needles and relaxed after the insertion. However, she had flinched when Karla fastened the rings and fainted for a few seconds. Then she had smiled and said, "That wasn't too bad." But Karla knew it had been very painful. She had not used anything to dull the pain during the procedure, but had given Lyssa a couple of Tylenol with codeine afterwards, and after a few minutes, the girl relaxed and fell asleep. Karla and Celia carried her to the bedroom and laid her gently on the bed. They covered her and went to see Jo. The whole procedure took less than an hour. 

After telling Jo how to take care of the rings, Karla and Celia left. Jo sat by Lyssa's side until she woke. "It hurt, Jo. It hurt a lot. When Karla wiggled the clamp off the rings, I couldn't bear the pain. I didn't tell her because she was doing her best, and I had tricked her into doing the operation. It still hurts a lot." 

Jo, I'd like something to drink and maybe something to eat. I'm sorry to be such a baby about this. I swear I won't be any trouble."

"My sugary sweetness, you're no trouble. Think about this: When you feel better, we'll go out on the town. We'll go and do anything you want to do. Karla said you'll be fine tomorrow, Thursday, and this weekend, we'll paint the town red." 

Morning and Lyssa was suckling. Jo orgasmed. "I never realized I could come by having my nipples sucked; it was quite an experience. Unfortunately, I soaked the bed. I gushed like you do, darling. My first time." 

When Jo scooted down to lick Lyssa, she first licked off the vestiges of blood. Before she could lick between the girl's labia, Lyssa made a request: "Jo, pull the rings to the side so that my opening is exposed. Tell me what it looks like."

"Honey, that'll hurt you. I don't want you to have any more pain." 

"Jo, it doesn't seem to hurt that much today. It's okay. You won't hurt me. Pull the rings apart, please."

Jo pulled the rings. She started to describe Lyssa's genitals, but Lyssa stopped her and asked for a mirror. She seemed to be very pleased with what she was looking at.

"Jo, my vaginal canal is wide open when you pull the rings. Can you put your tongue in it now?"

"Sugar, I'd put my whole face in you if I could. Your cun – vagina is very inviting. Stop talking and let me tongue fu – lick you." With that, Jo pushed her tongue deep into Lyssa's body. Lyssa lifted her lower torso up into Jo's face and pulled Jo's head closer to her. It took her three minutes to orgasm. She seemed to be always on the verge of orgasm. She had soaked the bed even more; she soaked herself and Jo, too. She laughed a wonderful laugh and jumped out of bed.

"Jo, we have to start getting ready for our outing. Can you get the slit skirts for me? Please, Jo. Now?"

Three hours later, Jo returned with a half dozen skirts of different lengths and types; each one had double slits that reached Lyssa's thighs. Lyssa was ecstatic. While Joanna made lunch, Lyssa used Jo's sewing machine.

"Look Jo, I sewed strong button holes into the junction of each slit and put small, strong rings through the button holes. We can run a chain through the rings in my piercings to the slit rings and connect a short chain from the slit rings to Brutus' heavy leather leash. Oh, Jo, I'm so thrilled that we're going out that I'm walking on air." She felt her days of cabin fever were over. Joanna wasn't too thrilled about Lyssa holding Brutus' control leash.

The next day, Friday, Lyssa was prancing nude around the house with the gold chain through her pubic rings. She had fastened the clips that would normally be snapped on the slit rings, together. The chain dangled about six or seven inches down between her legs. As she danced around, the chain would slide back and forth through the pubic rings. After a while, Lyssa's face reddened, and she stopped dancing. 
