 Joanna took Lyssa everywhere in town. Everyone seemed to be talking about the two beautiful women and the huge dog who went everywhere together. They really were the talk of Mackey. The slit skirts that Lyssa wore and the heavy dog leash attached to those skirts were whispered about also; no one had the nerve to ask the two women about it. 

On a warm spring evening, Lyssa's twenty-fifth birthday, Jo took the girl to the ballroom of Jo's country club. Lyssa had her hair in a French twist and was wearing a little eye makeup. Except for lip-gloss, she wore no other makeup. She looked so glamorous and sophisticated that both men and women couldn't keep their eyes off her. She was in her glory.

They sat at a table with two other married couples that Joanna knew well; they were mesmerized by Lyssa's ability to talk on any subject. One of the men, a young doctor, couldn't believe that this lovely young woman could hold her own on any medical subject he brought up, but he kept trying. 

When the seven-piece orchestra started playing, most everyone but Jo and Lyssa began dancing. After about half an hour, Lyssa began to fidget; she asked Joanna to take her to the ladies' room. Joanna figured that the girl was sexually aroused, but that was not the case. Lyssa pleaded with Jo to allow her to dance.

"Jo, I swear on my word of honor that I won't try to escape if you unhook me from Brutus. I've never lied to you; you know that. I'll make a pact with you; although I will try to leave when we're on the street and possibly from the house, I don't want to embarrass you in front of any of your friends. You have my word that I'll behave when we are in social situations like this. I swear; I promise on my life. Please let me dance."

"Lys, I do believe you and trust you. I won't hobble you when we're socializing. Actually, I think it'll be better. There is too much gossip about you being tethered to Brutus. Here, I'll unsnap Brutus' leash. I'll hold the leash when we go back to the dance. Do you want me to 'release' you in a sexual way?"

"No, Jo, I'm just eager to dance at the moment. I can't wait to get back in there. Would you mind if I ask people to dance with me? They all know that I belong to you, and I doubt that anyone would ask me."

"Honey lamb, you don't need my permission. Ask anyone you want to dance with you. Ask me, too. I'd love to dance with you."

Back in the ballroom, with Brutus, unleashed, on the floor between Jo and Lyssa, Lyssa asked the young doctor, Andrew, to dance with her. His jaw dropped; he looked at his wife who nodded, and he rose and offered Lyssa his hand. The chatter in the room dwindled as Andrew led Lyssa onto the dance floor and put his arm around her waist.

The music was a foxtrot and Lyssa was able to pick up the steps and even add a few of own though she tried hard to allow Andrew to lead; he was able to give her the lead when she initiated the new steps. At times, Lyssa would press herself against him and then move back into the dance routine. It was evident that he was enjoying himself immensely. When he asked her for a second dance, she declined, telling him that she didn't want to cause any friction with his wife, Cyndi. He smiled, thanked her for her insight and led her back to their table. The room was buzzing again. 

Several men stood up, obviously with the intention of asking Lyssa to dance, but she had already asked Joanna. The two danced the slow dance pressed breast to breast as Lyssa was wearing higher heels; Joanna was as ecstatic as Lyssa. When the next dance began, Lyssa asked Cyndi to dance with her. Cyndi was flabbergasted, but after a few seconds, got up to dance with Lyssa. The buzz in the room got louder. 

In the next few hours, Lyssa danced with quite a few of the men and some of the women. In some of the faster tempo dances, Lyssa's long skirt would swirl and her legs and thighs were often exposed through the skirt slits. Joanna was proud of her 'lady love', but she was a little apprehensive that the chain through Lyssa's rings would become visible. She mentioned that to Lyssa during an intermission. 

Lyssa then told Joanna that the sliding chain had her constantly aroused and on the verge of orgasm. When Joanna suggested that Lyssa go to the ladies' room and pull her panties up tighter against the chain, Lyssa confessed that she wasn't wearing any. She had taken them off earlier in the evening deliberately to allow the chain to slide. Joanna was amused but insisted that the girl go back to the restroom and put her panties back on. Lyssa picked up the small purse that held her panties and left for the ladies' room. 

Twenty minutes later, Lyssa had still not returned, and Joanna began to be a bit edgy; she went to the ladies' room and Lyssa wasn't there. Joanna started to cry. Lyssa had left; had lied to her; had gone back on her word. She didn't know what to do. Not only had she lost Lyssa, but she would have to put up a front when she went back to the ballroom. She was close to hysterics. She wondered if Brutus could follow Lyssa's 'trail'. She would go get him and see if he could. 

She took out her cell phone, intending on calling Celia and Karla for help, but as she left the restroom, she heard someone say, "No, no, please let me go." She walked quickly to the end of the corridor where there was an alcove next to the elevators to the upper floors. Jonas Aikens had Lyssa up against the corner, one arm stopping her from getting by him and the other hand inside her blouse squeezing and kneading her breast like it was a handful of dough. His face was pushing against the girl's cheek as she was trying to avoid his mouth. Lyssa's face showed extreme consternation.

Joanna still had her cell phone in her hand and took several pictures of Jonas and Lyssa. The flash caused Jonas to jerk his head back away from Lyssa. He turned and saw Joanna with the camera in her hand. She took another picture of his face.

"Jonas, take your hand out of Lyssa's blouse and move away from her. You will go get your wife and leave the premises immediately. Tomorrow, when the desk opens at seven o'clock, you will be there, pay any outstanding bills, and resign your membership. You will never step a foot in this club again, even to play golf. If you fail to do so, a special messenger will deliver the pictures I just took, to your wife. Since it is her money that has allowed you to live the life style you have been so damned accustomed to, I doubt that you would want to give her grounds for divorce. Is that clear?"

Aikens did not answer her, but with an angry frown on his face, he marched back to the ballroom and without explanation, pulled his wife from her seat, and practically dragged her out of the room. Joanna and Lyssa stood in the doorway watching them. It must have been obvious to the others in the room that something had occurred between Jonas and the two women. Knowing that he was a miserable, cheating womanizer, they could guess what must have happened.

Joanna and Lyssa remained for another hour, dancing and trying to enjoy the rest of their evening.

On the way home, Lyssa explained that Jonas had followed her to the ladies' room and waited for her to come out. He had grabbed her wrist and dragged her to the alcove where he attempted to rape her. He was so much stronger than Lyssa that she had a hard time fighting him off. She was so grateful that Jo had found her that she hugged the woman all the way home.

"Jo, I was so frightened that at first I couldn't even speak. That awful man must have thought my silence meant that I consented, and when I kept fighting, that I was just teasing him. You probably heard me when I finally got my voice back. I hate that man."

Joanna decided to wait until Aikens resigned and was embarrassed in having to do so. She figured that word of his actions would travel fast. When she had found that he was trying to rape Lyssa, not just kiss her, she intended to send statements by her and Lyssa, along with the pictures she had taken, to the police. She doubted that anything would be done about the rape attempt because Aikens' wife would no doubt try get the situation hushed up to prevent any further embarrassment. However, since people evidently suspected what had happened, and the police would know, Mrs. Aikens would probably throw the man out of her house. With no visible means of support, he would be forced to leave town. No one would give him a job or accept him in Mackey. Since he hadn't had the time to actually harm Lyssa, Joanna figured his exile would be sufficient punishment.

When they arrived home with Brutus, Joanna decided to make some hot chocolate. As she was pouring hot water into cups, she spilled some on the floor. She was still stressed out because of Aikins and was not thinking of what she was doing. She took a step back and slipped on the water she had spilled. She fell and twisted her right foot under her. She heard a snap and felt a searing pain in her ankle; it had broken. She had Lyssa call Dr. Janssen, the only doctor in town who made house calls and only to her family. 

Unfortunately, Lyssa got his answer machine that informed her that he was out of town and wouldn't return for another week. He had listed the name of a doctor who was standing in for him, but it was two o'clock in the morning. They would have to call 911 for the paramedics. Joanna figured that the hospital emergency room would take a long time to treat her; determine if she had any other injury; and maybe keep her overnight. This was a dilemma. She would be away from the house and Brutus would not keep Lyssa from leaving. Not only did he love Lyssa, but because she had held his heavy leather leash, she too was his master. He would help her, not hinder her. Joanna knew that her blissful state was at an end. Lyssa would leave as she had told Joanna she would many times. Joanna couldn't lock Lyssa in the basement nor would she do so even if she were able.

"Lyssa, I guess this is the end of the road for us. I know you'll leave now that it's possible, and I'll never see you again. Please do one last favor for me. I don't want to leave Brutus alone when I go to jail. Wait until I get back from the hospital. Then, I'll call around to try to find a home for him. On second thought, he loves you and loves being with you. Would you consider taking him with you when you go home? You may as well take my car. I won't be using it where I'm going."

"Yes, Jo, I must go home. We both knew that this day would come. I need my freedom. I really appreciate everything you've done for me. Being here with you these past two years has allowed me to learn what I've always wanted, knowledge that I didn't get in university. I plan to go to engineering school and then medical school, and I desperately want that education. I'm young enough to spend the next several years studying.

You've also taught me a lot about my own sexuality, Jo. I'll miss you, but I have to leave. And yes, I will take Brutus with me. I love him, too."

"Lys, my sugary sweetness, I will ask Mom and Karla to help me set up a trust fund for you, so that you won't have to work while you're in school. Don't say no because I'll do it anyway. That's the least I can do for you. Think of it as payment for the past two years of hardship."

"It was no hardship, Jo," said Lyssa. "I enjoyed every minute of those two years."

Joanna had been kept overnight in hospital in case there were any complications from the broken ankle or other injuries from the fall. Around noon, she was released and came home in a taxi and hobbled into the house, using crutches the hospital had given her. 

Joanna was glad that she always wore dresses. If she had been wearing jeans or trousers, she wouldn't have been able to get them over the knee-to-toe cast she wore. She had not taken a change of underwear with her when the paramedics carted her off and was wondering how she would remove her soiled panties and take a shower without some help. She thought it made no difference, anyway. Lyssa would report her to the police for kidnapping and false imprisonment and some jail matron would assist her in taking a shower.

Brutus greeted her and walked with her to her favorite chair in the living room. He was so happy to see her that she thought his tail would wag off his body.

Lyssa came in to see her. She had already packed her suitcases and wheeled them to the front door. She went back to where Joanna was sitting and, tearfully, said goodbye.

"I love you, Joanna; please don't hate me for what I have to do." 

She kissed Joanna tenderly; then she pulled her suitcases to the car trunk, leaving the house door open. She went back into the house and, going into the bedroom, made a phone call. Then, she loaded the cases and went back for Brutus.

"Come, Brutus," she called.

The huge dog whimpered and looked back at Joanna who sniffled, "Go with Lyssa, boy. She'll look after you from now on. Lyssa, after you get home, think of me once in a while and not too unkindly, please. I did what I did out of love for you. I kept you a prisoner for love. The pain of going to jail won't even come close to that of losing you." Joanna wept, sobbing in her anguish at the prospect of never seeing Lyssa again.

Brutus followed Lyssa to the car and jumped onto the front seat. Lyssa, closed and locked the house door, closed the passenger car door, and entered the driver's side. She sat there for a few minutes almost overcome with emotion. She drove off, trying to steer through a curtain of tears.

After driving toward her hometown for several hours, the beautiful girl realized that she had been driving with her mind in a haze. Lyssa had been thinking of her two years as Joanna's captive. She was angry with herself. How could she possibly have allowed that status to exist without making a change?

She was only about thirty miles from her hometown when she pulled off the road onto the apron of a strip mall. She sat there for almost a half hour before going to a pay phone and calling the Coopers, her tenants. She got back into the car, reached over and hugged Brutus. She kissed the top of his head, started the car and, with a grim, angry scowl distorting her face, headed back in the direction she had come from. She made only one stop on the way back to get gas, use the restroom and let Brutus do his business. Hours later, she pulled up in front of Joanna's house and stomped to the house, leaving Brutus in the front seat with the door open. She was shaking with self-irritation.

Lyssa entered the house, stopped momentarily to look at Joanna who was still sitting in the living room looking beaten and waiting for the police to arrive. 

"Did you forget something, honey? You left many hours ago. Did you get home?" Joanna asked. 

"Yes, I forgot something," answered Lyssa as she proceeded to the kitchen. 

She returns to the living room, her blouse is unbuttoned and hanging loose; she's carrying a large butcher knife. She kneels in front of Joanna, pushes up the woman's dress and pulls the crotch of Joanna's panties away from her body. She raises the knife to Joanna's genitals.

"Oh dear God," thought Joanna, "she's going to stick that knife up inside me."

"Lys, Lyssa, what, what are you going to do?"

"Do? Repeated Lyssa. "Do? I'm going to cut those smelly panties that you've been wearing for the last two days. Then, I'm going to eat your pussy until you've had so many fucking orgasms that you'll plead with me to stop. Then, I'm going to lick and suck every last drop of cunt juice out of your twat. ------ I'm home, Joanna. I am home." 

Lyssa cuts the crotch of Joanna's panties and throws the knife to one side; she moves her face up between Joanna's soft thighs and reaches with her tongue. As she starts to lick, she shakes her shoulders back and forth making her braless breasts wobble and the chain between her pierced nipples jingle.

Epilogue:

Ten years have passed. Shortly after returning to Joanna, Lyssa had applied and been accepted at a prestigious engineering school in another state. That September, Joanna, Lyssa, and Brutus took up residency in a large apartment near the institute. While Lyssa was studying, Joanna took care of household and administrative chores, a new career for her. Their sex life kept Lyssa's stress level to a minimum. On long weekends and holidays, they would go back to their home in Mackey. 

Joanna insisted that Lyssa take off during summers instead of taking more classes. The summers were spent traveling through Europe and Asia where Lyssa was able to have educational experiences of a different nature. Lyssa has found her new life to be absolute heaven. She can't imagine a better one. Those summer trips went on for many years, whenever Lyssa could get away from her demanding job.

At thirty-five, Lyssa has completed an undergraduate degree and a PhD in engineering, has received an M.D. under a special plan for engineers, and, as a biological engineer, is working on specialized electronic medical equipment. In addition, she writes technical manuals covering that gear. She has reached all of her educational goals and has fulfilled her emotional needs. She no longer looks and acts like a child. She has matured into a sophisticated, beautiful woman who has her peers listening intently as she expounds on technology and more mundane subjects. She is taken very seriously.

She realizes that the three-second insertion of Robert's penis into her virgin vagina is all she will ever have from a man, and she has come to grips with that. However, she and Joanna have become as close as Celia and Karla. Strange, considering three of these women are straight. Lyssa feels that she is not a lesbian, but she has no qualms at fitting into that 'slot' with Joanna. She is in love with Joanna and lusts for her; however, she would not have sex with any other woman -- well, maybe with Karla, who is still sexy and lovely at sixty-five -- but Lyssa has kept those thoughts under wraps. There are times when Lyssa is doing medical research on the Internet, that she shifts to a site that features female models. She gazes at the lush, nude bodies, sighs and returns to her research. However, she still denies that she has moved into that gray bisexual area. She claims that she is highly heterosexual. Joanna has also caught Lyssa watching a round bottom as it happens to pass by, but she only smiles to herself and says nothing.

There have been no restrictions of Lyssa's movements since she returned to Joanna after that woman let Lyssa leave. She 'comes' and goes as she pleases. Occasionally, she wears the nipple and labia rings and the gold chains; however, they are strictly for pleasure now -- hers and Joanna's. 

Their wonderful dog, Brutus, has passed away quietly in his sleep at the age of sixteen; in his place, there is the sweetest, cutest, most adorable little Rottweiler puppy that loves to romp with Lyssa.

Lately, Lyssa has been planting flowerbeds in their front yard and has surrounded them with white picket fences.

***

Dear readers, I am spent. I am filled with emotion. Tears have been welling up in my eyes as I've been writing the ending to this last chapter. My throat hurts from constant swallowing.

Although I've done additional research, this story must have come from some deep-seated fantasy way back in my subconscious. It could have been the reason that I found it necessary to turn from writing nonfiction to suddenly needing to write this. It purged my 'system'. I have lived it as I've been writing it. To state a cliché, 'It has been a labor of love.' You can take that in any manner that you wish. I've been known to offer puns gratuitously.

I had left my Literotica biography deliberately devoid of information because I couldn't believe that a few word answers could tell who I am. I let this story do that. I hope you know me now. 
