 "Hi - do you mind if we jog together?"

The female voice took me by surprise - I had not noticed another runner coming up behind me. But my heart pounded when I saw who drew up alongside me.

"Why, no, not at all - but I'm near the end of my run," I replied, quickly drinking in this beautiful girl. Her blond hair pony was tailed through her college baseball hat, and she had the bluest, bluest eyes. I had seen her running before, and secretly fantasised about making out with her - the quality of guys where I'm finishing my Masters in the IT department of a mid-West university makes me glad I'm a happy bisexual. 

"Me too" she answered, picking up my pace. "I thought we could just do a lap of the track, and then finish. Okay with you?"

"Sure," I answered, trying to keep my breathing steady and not give myself away. We cut across the park and headed towards the athletics track, jogging easily together. "Had a good session?" I asked, pulling back to let her get through a gap in the wire fence ahead of me.

"Real good - I'm aiming to do a half-marathon in a couple of weeks, so I'm training quite hard." She pulled ahead; her tanned legs were topped by her black running shorts which clung perfectly to her neat bottom. Squeezing sideways through the opening in the fence, her small breasts were in beautiful silhouette. 

"You're hardly out of breath," I replied, following her, "You'll do fine." 

"Hey - thanks for the encouragement" she laughed, turning to face me. I had to force myself to begin running again: I could have swept her up right there and then, kissing her neck and cheeks and lips before hungrily opening her mouth with my tongue and savouring her taste. 

Somehow, I managed to look past her, and we headed for the track.

"I'm Miranda," I said, "and you?"

"Hi - I'm Bobbi, with an 'i'."

"Okay, I'll remember that" I laughed back. As we crossed the grass onto the dark red athletics track I wondered whether we might, just might, be running together into something wonderful.

"You name's unusual," she said, "how come?"

"My Dad teaches Eng. Lit. at State uni. - he's a Shakespeare fan. He identifies with all the characters, especially Prospero in The Tempest. In the play, Miranda was his daughter."

"Wow - that's really cool. I'm afraid my name -" 

"- with an 'i'" I interrupted, smiling,

"- isn't so literary. I'm not an arts student either. I'm doing business studies. Just one year to go."

So - she was enrolled in the business school, probably rooming on campus, maybe we could arrange to meet again somewhere...my thoughts raced ahead of me as we came round the track bend and finished the circuit.

"I've seen you in the library," Bobbi said, slowing down. "You're something to do with computers, aren't you?"

"Why, yes," I answered, caught off guard. "I'm doing a Masters in computer science. I guess I'm a geek!"

She laughed, and my blood raced. We had slowed to a walk, and headed off track towards some sports buildings.

"Wow - does that mean you could help me with my computer? It keeps crashing and it's driving me nuts."

I tried to keep my voice level, hoping she'd mistake any tremor for breathlessness. "Sure - I expect I could. I've had to sort out my machine enough times to have figured out almost every reason for it going wrong - but there's always a new one. Where's your dorm?" I asked, hoping my voice was neutral.

"Just over here - the Westgate building. Why not come up?"

*** *** *** ***

I followed Bobbi up the stairs and along to the end of the passage; she was slightly smaller than I; she wore a thin, silver, thumb ring; her room mate was on an extended field-trip, and wouldn't be back until the next semester; she hoped I wouldn't find the room too messed up; she was enjoying herself; work was going well - upper quartile grades; and she had lovely ears that I longed to nuzzle and kiss. She opened the door.

"Come on in, Miranda," she said cheerfully, gesturing towards the room. "Welcome to Xanadu!"

I stepped in, looked around quickly, and then laughed. "Bobbi - you're a real Heidi-Tidy. Everything is immaculate. You were setting me up for a really messy dump!"

"Okay - I confess. I did do a quick sweep round before I left. Look- there's the computer. See what you think." She grimaced, and arched her back. "Ouch. I've just got to do something about this new sports bra - it's been rubbing all afternoon." She pointed to her computer on the work desk, and moved through into the other room, leaving the door half open.

I tried to concentrate on booting the PC and noting the error messages without being distracted by my imagination of the lovely girl getting undressed only yards from me. But I needn't have bothered.

"Look - can you help with this?" 

Bobbi had come back, wearing only her dark shorts, white socks and sports bra. She looked stunning - toned arms and legs, a thin silvery chain around hr throat. 

"The bra's too tight and I can't adjust it properly when it's off. Can you just loosen the straps at the back for me?"

Her voice was so natural, so even. Her body was so attractive, so sexy. And I just knew that, as sure as a salmon understands water and an eagle rides the air, her life and mine were about to change irrevocably.

"Let me see," I answered coolly, pushing back my chair and moving behind her. She raised her arms and pulled up her ponytail so I could gently manoeuvre the bra straps. I slipped my fingers under the thin white material and felt the warmth of her back. "Hmmm - I don't think your boy friend would be able to fix this. Most guys are complete idiots when it comes to getting these off!"

"Miranda, honey," she answered quietly, half turning her head, "I don't have a boy friend. I'm not in a relationship at the moment. And, just so that you know," she continued without a break, " - I'm into girls." So saying, she leaned gently into me, so that my lips were only inches from the shallow valley nape of her neck, with just some light downy hairs shining in the sunlight.

I breathed slowly, and slid my fingers down the bra strap towards the clasp, pulling her towards me. I stepped off the edge of the cliff. "Bobbi," I whispered, breathing in her scent, "so am I." And then I kissed her neck, opening my lips so that I could taste her, so I could make the moment last as long as possible, force time and eternity to cease their action as I gently undid her bra strap to reached around under her arms and cup her small breasts in my hands.

For a moment I wondered it I'd blown it - Bobbi didn't move; it was as if she had frozen. Them with a slow, deep sigh, she lowered her arms and covered my hands with her fingers, so that her hard nipples where pressed against me. Then she slowly turned round in my embrace, reached up, and kissed me full on my lips.

It was as if we had been long-time lovers: we French kissed slowly and deeply, exploring each other's mouth, and teeth, and tongue, and taste. There was no haste, no speed, just growing mutual enjoyment and pleasure. Hesitantly, as if the bliss was too great, we had to stop to breathe, and pull away slightly, gazing into each others eye's with a mixture of joy and surprise. 

Neither of us spoke - Bobbi tilted her mouth to kiss me again, and I slid her bra off and gently squeezed her nipples. At the same time, I felt her cool hands slide under my t-shirt and stroke my back before reaching down to pull my butt towards her. Then I felt her hands fumble with the buttons on my shorts, and they slipped down my legs before I kicked them away from my ankles. As I did so, Bobbi slid her hand beneath my panties.

"Mmmmm - you are even nicer than I dreamed you would be," she murmured sexily, her blue eyes holding mine. Her hand caressed my mound, shyly, the way one does the first time with a new lover, feeling how the other moves. I shifted my balance so as to allow her into me, my senses reeling.

"Let me undress you," she whispered shyly. I lifted my arms willingly, and Bobbi pulled my shirt over my head. For a moment I was defenceless, my eyes covered by my running blouse, my breasts uplifted, as she undid my bra, and started kissing my breasts. She mouthed my nipples, closing around each one, and sucking gently. It was as if she knew intuitively how to turn me on. I could feel myself rising and filling her mouth. 

At the same time, I pushed her shorts down over the swell of her bottom and down her thighs. Bobbi was wearing nothing underneath. Cupping one cheek, I gently stroked her curly pubic hair before gently sliding my finger inside her. 

For a moment she lifted her head from my chest, "God - I'm so wet," she murmured. "Don't stop....."

There was no embarrassed fumbling and tangling of clothes - we were lovers of old. We kissed passionately and slowly, sensuously, while we stroked each other wetly, prising each other's sex apart and pushing harder and more insistently inside each other. 

I knew we would both come in seconds if we didn't give ourselves a pause, and I softly pulled back. We stood naked, save for our ankle running socks. Bobbi stepped back, and eyed me up and down, slowly and appreciatively. "Miranda, you've got a lovely, lovely body, "she said quietly. "You look as though you really keep yourself in trim."

She knelt down, and carefully pulled one of my socks off, and then the other. I gazed in wonder at her blond hair spilling over her tanned shoulders, the sexy curve of her back, and the firm feminine curves of her bottom. I leaned down to kiss her, but she cut me off, moving up past my knees, tracing a path with her tongue along the inside of my thigh before pausing for brief, tantalising seconds. Her tongue kissed and lipped my cunt insistently until I was almost faint with desire and wanton lust.

I reached down to kiss her again, but she turned and quickly stepped towards the door. "Time for security," she giggled. "I don't want any interruptions, do you?" She locked the door and I drank in the vision of her smooth back, her toned behind that I yearned to smother with kisses, and legs that called out to me to entwine myself around and bury my head between. She took my hand. "Let's go and lie down. I want to make love to you - I want to make you come."

We walked hand in hand into her bedroom; pulling me to her, Bobbi began kissing my lips, my neck, by shoulder, before moving to my breast and sucking my nipple. I could feel myself going as her tongue circled and licked and lipped before sucking hard so that I almost gasped out aloud at the hot pleasure that coursed through me. I could feel by body giving way, and I fell back onto the bed, pulling her onto me. 

"Move up the bed, honey, so that I can lick you all over" Bobbi whispered huskily.

I squirmed up towards the headboard, feeling that I was floating. Instinctively, I lifted by arms above my shoulders and spread my legs, the better for Bobbi to roam about my body, the better for me to renounce utterly any willpower other than naked desire.

My eyes were half closed, revelling in the delight of being pleasured as she moved down my stomach, lightly butterfly kissing around my navel, before sliding her arms under by butt and pulling my cunt to her hungry mouth.

I was beginning to murmur to myself, and buck my hips upwards and back, the better to move in tune with her powerful kisses that roved up and down my wetness, centering more and more insistently on my clitoris. 

"God - you're amazing..!" I moaned, lifting my legs right up so that I was fully exposed to her. 

Bobbi didn't answer - I could tell that she was as turned on as I was. Her tongue ran up and down, backwards and forward, just tantalisingly tipping my bottom before forcing powerfully deep into me. 

The wild fluttering in my stomach was becoming more and more insistent; I knew I was going to come quickly and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for much longer.

I reached down to Bobbi's shoulders and pulled her up to me, searching through closed eyelids to kiss her mouth and lips. I could feel her body sliding like an eel over my wetness before her warm mouth covered mine, filled with my scent and taste. Lasciviously, she pushed her tongue past my lips, entwining us together, barely satisfied by my own animal writhing.

Still tonguing me, drawing apart only to pant and gulp air together before luxuriating in our new found abandonment, I felt her hand seeking my cunt and stroking my clitoris while she kissed me. Incredibly, she knew exactly how to I liked to be touched, quickly and lightly stroking around me in small circles, gradually pressing harder and harder. I was so wet her finger slipped quickly and harder until I had to pull my mouth away and arch my back, panting with excitement and pleasure.

"Bobbi - aahhhhhhhh........."

I don't think I've ever had an orgasm that wracked my body with such infinite pleasure. My heart was pounding as Bobbi held me tight, kissing me gently back to awareness.

"My darlng," I whispered -

"Shhh - "she answered. 

"Let me - " I began, still quietly shaking with arousal

"- No-o; don't move. Here," she murmured into my ear, pulling a pillow under my head, just lie there, darling." 

At the same time, she knelt above me, straddling my head and leaning back so that her swollen lips were a breath away from my mouth. I began to kiss her hungrily, still glowing from my after-orgasm. My palms pressed against her smooth thighs as I ran my tongue up and around her cunt, thrusting as deep as I could before pushing hard against her clitoris.

I could tell that she was near to coming as she arched back, her flat stomach and tiny breasts curving away breathtakingly from me, her butt pushed forward, pressing her engorged lips into my tongue, as she began rocking and thrusting, balancing her body on one hand. She pushed up and down in synch with me so hard that I was pressed back into my pillow. 

I pulled her bottom towards me, the palms of my hand flat against her butt, pulling her cheeks apart, sometimes darting my tongue lightly around her secret darkness, revelling in her puckered sweetness. 

Eyes closed, bent so far back that her ponytail pranced against my legs, her mouth half opened in mounting ecstasy, Bobbi started to whimper uncontrollably.

"Yes..ye-es... don't stop.... Yes..... go on..... I'm so near...." she panted.

My mouth was coated with her wetness as we rocked and thrust together, my tongue forced against her clitoris which rose hard and erect in my mouth.

And then, as though a giant wave had lifted and then crashed over her, her body stiffened and thrust against me for an eternity, until she exhaled oh-so-deeply, leaned forward and slumped slowly across my face, her heart pounding against her ribcage, before sliding off and curling up beside me.

We lay together for what seemed an eternity, hardly moving, Perhaps we dozed. I know that it was dark when she stirred beside me, and reached across to pull the coverlet over us.

"Mmmmm...." Bobbi sighed happily, nuzzling against me.

I stroked her shoulders. "Don't let's talk now, my darling, " I murmured. Then, a few moments later, smiling into the warmth of her body, "Why don't we go jogging tomorrow?"

"You're on!" Bobbi whispered back. . "I've got some ideas for some special workouts we can try!"

(To be continued)