 When Elisa moved out two weeks ago neither of us shed a tear. It was inevitable. We made the fatal mistake of trying to turn lust into love and we never even came close. Then the lust was gone and there was nothing left. It was so promising in the beginning. 

We met at a party and immediately noticed how similar we looked. Both in our late twenties, both with long dark hair. Her boobs were bigger than mine, but other than that we were two peas in a pod. We looked at each other and both liked what we saw. I asked her to dance and our bodies seemed to fit like hand in glove. We breathed in the hot pheromones we were sending to each other and exchanged phone numbers. I called her the next day and I went to her the place the next night. It took us about ten seconds to rip off our clothes and jump into her large soft bed. The sexual chemistry was unbelievable. I let her start making love to me and it was a revelation. One of life's sure things is that if a woman does something to you in bed she will want it back. And she did absolutely everything that I liked the most.

She kissed me deeply and poured her saliva into my mouth. That is one of the biggest turn-ons for me and I greedily swallowed every drop. How could she have known I loved that? She sucked my nipples and then bit them hard enough to give me a rush of pain and pleasure. She spread me wide open, entered me quickly and fucked me with her long fingers. Then she started massaging my G-spot as she bent down and swirled my clit in her mouth. In just a few seconds I had an unbelievable head-to-toe orgasm and squirted my juices all over her. If I had handed her a written script she couldn't have done me better.

Then I started in on her and did exactly the same things she had done to me. My powerful climax had really turned her on and she came fast and hard, her strong contractions squeezing my fingers again and again. We both lay there amazed. Two days later she moved in with me. We desperately wanted the sex to ripen into love. Cuddle and fuck and cuddle and fuck and live happily ever after. Then we made the awful discovery that we had almost nothing else in common.

She was a neatnik and I was messy. I liked classical music and she liked classic rock. She was an activist and when she had her movement friends over I ground my teeth. We lasted for about a month and then one day we looked at each other... and knew. She moved out the next day and we haven't talked since. So I found myself in my empty apartment with an empty bed and a persistent ache between my legs. All the good sex had revved up my libido and my vibrator was only a partial help. I tried the bars, but didn't click with anyone. Then one day I was reading the Village Voice and took a look at Women Seeking Women. My eyes stopped on an ad which, translated out of personal-ese, said:

"Bi-Curious woman, inexperienced, desperately needs to know. Early thirties, non-smoker, small build. Looking for someone intelligent and kind who will help me find out. #6123."

I was horny as hell and decided to throw caution to the winds. I listened to her message and left her a message. The next day she called me. Her name was Julia and she suggested that we meet for coffee.

She had described herself over the phone to a T. She was small and nicely built with long natural blond hair. She was wearing a lovely print dress and her make-up accentuated her beautiful blue eyes. At least as far as looks was concerned, I knew I had hit the blind date jackpot. I sat down at her table and we introduced ourselves.

She said, "I must tell you that I am very nervous. I'm really scared to death."

"That's OK," I said, "I understand. Let me buy you another latte and we can talk."She was much more interesting than Elisa. She worked as a loan officer at a nearby bank and had taken the afternoon off. I was afraid that she would ask 

me questions about sex right off the bat, but she never brought it up. We talked about politics and city life and even men. She told me she was engaged to a lawyer named Mark and that their big church wedding was four months off."Why now?" I asked her with real concern. "You've lived this long without experimenting. It sounds like you and your fiancé are in love. Why rock the boat?" I didn't want to be a home wrecker before there even was a home. Suddenly her eyes became moist. "I have been fighting the feelings for years." She lowered her voice. "When I was in high school I would get funny feelings when I saw nude girls in the locker room. Lately, when I've been with Mark, I have been having fantasies about making love to women. I just need to know."

I wasn't too crazy about her answer. I still had that home wrecker feeling in my gut.She saw the look on my face and said "don't take this the wrong way, but if it isn't you it will be someone else. Please don't go away. I just need to know and I really like you a lot."

While we were talking a throbbing between my legs told me that my doubts were being overruled by my cunt. I nodded and she said "Thank you. You're wonderful. My apartment is three blocks from here. Please. Lets go." She stood up and we walked the three blocks.

She had a one bedroom apartment which looked out over several anonymous New York office buildings. She offered me a drink and I told her I was fine. There was a small table near the door and on it was the picture of a rather handsome blond man who looked to be around 40. "That's Mark," she said. I excused myself to go to the bathroom and saw the usual signs of male visitation. A second toothbrush. A razor. Shaving cream. A macho deodorant stick. When I came out she was sitting at one end of the couch. She looked very nervous.

I sat beside her but not too close and we made small talk. We both knew that we would have to start somewhere, but neither of us felt ready to break the ice. All of this hesitation, however, was making me very wet and I soon decided to make the first move.

I edged closer to her, reached over and turned her face toward me. I kissed her gently on the lips with my mouth closed. She didn't react for a second and then started to kiss back. Her lips parted and her tongue entered my mouth slowly and gently. We put our arms around each other and kissed for a long time. I then nuzzled her neck and her ears and could hear her breathing get faster. I took her hand and walked her into the bedroom.

There was a picture of Mark next to the bed and when she saw me looking at it she was embarrassed. She began to pick it up and put it away, but I said "it's OK leave it."

I undressed her slowly and when I removed her bra was surprised at how firm her tiny breasts were. Her small pink nipples were already hard. I quickly undressed and embraced her, pressing her small body against mine. In a moment she raised her face to me. Her eyes were closed and her lips were parted. I kissed her again. This time our tongues were urgent.

I sank to my knees and cupped one of her breasts in my hand and slowly licked around her nipple. She started to moan. I placed my mouth on her nipples, first one than the other, and sucked them gently, giving them tiny little bites. I could smell her pussy and it was sweet and pungent. I was soaking wet and aching to come.

I led her to the bed and she lay down with her legs together and her eyes closed. The poignancy of the moment overwhelmed me. She was excited and frightened at the same time. She knew that her life was about to change forever. I sensed her mixed emotions and knew that I would make slow gentle love to her and worry about myself after.

I leaned over and kissed her again. This time there was no urgency. We gently explored each others mouths and then I kissed her ears, her neck, her hair. I then moved down her body, licking her breasts and then gently sucking them and biting them again. I moved down further and began to kiss and lick her belly. I could see that she was squirming, but her legs were still closed.

I moved away from her. She opened her eyes and I could see in them a ferocious sexual hunger. I said with a note of formality in my voice "you will have to open your legs for me Julia."

She hesitated for a second and then closed her eyes and slowly spread her legs until they were wide open. Her mons was covered with fine blond hair and her cunt was wet and glistening. Her breasts were rising and falling as she breathed rapidly. She had a large clit and it was fully unsheathed and erect.I desperately wanted to touch myself or have her touch me, but I knew that would have to wait. I moved to the foot of the bed and began to lick her ankles and her calves and her knees. Then I moved up to her inner thighs and licked them slowly, first one side then the other. She started to moan. I moved to her cunt and slowly and gently licked her lips. She moved her hips and buried my face in it. Her sweet juices were all over me as I moved up and kissed her on the mons. Then I moved down and gently began to lick her hard clit. Her breathing was now rapid and shallow and her moaning excited me even more than before.

I slid my fingers into her cunt, first one then two then three and started to fuck her with slow strokes. She writhed and started to feel her excitement skyrocket. She pushed her pussy into my hand to get me even deeper. I then bent down and started to gently lick her clit again. She made an animal sound that told me she was right on the edge and I licked her more firmly and pushed my fingers in and out hard and fast.

She arched her back and exploded into a powerful climax. Her cunt squeezed my fingers hard and she cried "oh oh oh oh" with each contraction. Then she stopped her movements and I left my fingers resting inside her hot soaking cunt. After I while I slid them out and my mind suddenly turned to my own tremendous arousal.

I didn't want to ask her to do too much too soon so I opened my legs wide and began to masturbate. My fingers started rubbing my wet cunt faster and faster and I knew I would climax any instant. Then I suddenly felt her hand sliding into my cunt and that sent shock waves through me. She started fucking me the way I had fucked her and an indescribably powerful orgasm washed over me and went on and on and on as my fingers bore down on my clit and she thrust her hand in and out.

When it was finally over we lay in each other's arms for a long time. Then I finally broke the silence and asked "what will you do now?'

She said "I don't think I have to tell you that I now have my answer. I don't know what I am going to do, but I will remember you forever."

Soon we both dressed. Nothing was said about seeing each other again and I wasn't surprised. She had a lot of sorting out in front of her and none of it had anything to do with me. We gently kissed and then we parted. My body was tingling with satisfaction and, although my mind was still a little confused, I had to say that it had been a beautiful afternoon.

Two months later I visited a bar which had just opened near my apartment. I ordered a beer and then looked across the room and saw Julia. "My God, what have I done" I thought.

She stood up, walked over and sat down next to me. "You have worry written all over your face," she said. "That's because you are a real sweetheart."

"What about Mark?" I said.

"Oh, that was my brother in the pictures," she said. "The whole thing was a scam. I've been a lesbian since I was thirteen. I was just playing a role. I hope you're not mad at me. The sex sure was great."

I wanted to be mad at her, but I couldn't. There is no better way to role-play than to not know that you are playing a role and she was right on about the sex. "How many times have you done this?" I asked.

"That was the only time," she said. "I did it because my sex life was in a rut and my juices didn't seem to be flowing the way they used to. You made me come so hard that I have been working off that boost ever since. You were such a great fuck that I almost told you, but I decided not to spoil the moment." Hearing that, of course, instantly made me soaking wet. 

We quickly left the bar and returned to the scene of the crime. No pictures and no razors this time. And no shyness either. We fucked like bunnies and this time she had her legs wide open with her feet in the air the moment I came near her. We went to bed a few times after that, but I didn't make the mistake of asking her to move in with me. It was good to be reminded that sex isn't love and that you never know how a super fuck will come your way.