 Disclaimer: This story is 100% fiction and no money was made from the production of this story. Any likeness between any persons living or dead is accidental and not intended.

All characters within this fiction are 18+ years or older.

Claimer: Lizzy and Angel are mine

Part 02

"A surprise?" Angel asked as she followed Lizzy across the spacious living room of the Smith home and towards the stairs.

"Yes," Lizzy replied as they walked up the stairs and turned right when they reached the top.

"Where are we going?"

"In here," the brunette beauty replied, pushing open the door they'd stopped in front of.

"Your parents room?" Angel asked as she followed her lover into the huge room, eying the king sized canopy bed.

"Hot, huh?" Lizzy asked, moving to stand behind her lover, putting her arms around the taller girl, left hand cupping one heavy breast while her right cradled a still damp pussy. "Us fucking in their bed every night?"

"Fuck Lizzy, that is hot," the blonde moaned, leaning back against her lover.

"Then get up on the bed, with your eyes closed while I go and get your surprise."

Smiling, Angel did as she was told, hurrying over to the bed and climbing up onto it, laying down against the pillows and spreading her legs slightly, giving Lizzy a teasing view before demurely pressing her thighs back together as she closed her eyes.

"Keep them closed, love," the shorter girl said as she left the room.

While she waited for her girlfriend to return with her surprise, Angel smiled as she thought back to the week before when they'd cut class and hid out at her older step-sister's apartment, spending the entire day playing with Aloyisa's collection of toys. 

Moaning softly, she slipped her right hand between her thighs to rub her clit as she picture Lizzy spread out on the living room floor, dark hair mussed up, back arched as she was impaled with a ten inch vibrating dildo.

"What're you thinking about?"

She smiled when she heard Lizzy's question, but didn't open her eyes or stop touching herself as she felt the bed dip when her lover joined her on it.

"Last week at Aloyisa's," she replied.

"That was a fun day, too bad she had to work."

"I know, but we had fun by ourselves."

Lizzy only hummed as she moved between her lovers spread thighs, reaching down and gently stroking her hips and stomach.

Angel sighed.

"Ca...ahhhh," the blonde moaned when she felt something longer, harder and thicker then Lizzy's fingers enter her pussy for a brief moment before slipping away.

"Open your eyes, baby."

Blue eyes opened and lips curved into a smile when she found Lizzy sitting on her knees before her, wearing the strap on dildo they'd used at her step-sisters home the week before.

"Spread'em, Angel."

Without hesitation, the blonde spread her legs wider as Lizzy leaned over her, taking the faux cock in her hand and rubbing its head against Angel's clit.

The blonde moaned, lifting her hips.

"You want this?" she asked.

"Yes."

"You want it bad?"

Angel moaned again as the head slipped between her lips and into her slit only to be pulled out.

"Lizzy, please," she whined, lifting her hips again and trying to find the toy. "Don't tease me. I need it!"

Smirking, the brunette moved away from her lover and sat back on the foot of the bed, legs spread and slowly running her right hand up and down the dildo.

"Then come and get it," she said.

Without second thought, the blonde sat up and crawled over to her lover, quickly getting onto her knees and straddling the other girl, lowering herself onto the toy.

She moaned loudly, back arching, as she was penetrated.

"Feels so good," she groaned as she started to slowly grind her hips. "Mmmm....Lizzy...love you."

"Love you too, Angel," Lizzy cooed, lifting her hips, pushing the dildo deeper into her girlfriend.

"Fuck...mmm...ahhh, so good," the blonde moaned as she picked up her pace, breasts bouncing as she thrust herself harder onto the rubber cock. "Touch me, Lizzy, please!"

Granting her lovers wish, Lizzy pressed her left thumb against her clit, not moving her hand but letting Angel simply rub against it.

"Ohhh...fuck! I'm gonna cum!" she cried.

Without warning, Lizzy sat up, pushing Angel onto her back, the change in angle pushing the dildo further into the blonde.

She screamed in pleasure as her lover began to pump the toy in and out of her dripping pussy at a fast rate.

"Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" she cried, back arching.

"Cum for me, Angel," Lizzy panted as she slowed the cadence of her thrusts until she was rubbing the base of the strap on against Angel's clit.

"Fuck..Lizzy....ohhh...yes! Yesss!!

Angel's back arched up off the bed as her orgasm slammed into her, a low moan coming from the back of her throat, her body trembling as she came until it passed and she fell limply to the bed but Lizzy kept slamming the dildo into her lovers still rippling snatch.

"Ahhh...right there! Right there!!" Angel cried as a second orgasm washed over her, this time ending with a sharp scream as she came for a second time, her entire body going rigid.

Only when she finally collapsed back onto the bed did Lizzy slowly bring her movements to a stop, eventually pulling the cock from her lovers slick insides as she gazed down at the beauty beneath her.

Face flush, breathing heavily, Angel had never looked more beautiful.

Leaning down, she placed a gentle kiss on the others lips before moving off of the bed and removing the strap on, letting it drop to floor before rejoining her lover.

Angel sighed as she curled up next to Lizzy, draping her left leg across both of the brunettes as they placed gentle kisses and nuzzles upon each other before drifting off to sleep.