 Copyright © July 2018 by CiaoSteve

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work.

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Author's Notes

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.

Foreword #3: Thank you so much to a fellow story lover, Renate, for the inspiration behind this tale. I do hope she enjoys it and relates to my interpretation of her ideas.

Foreword #4: This is a second chapter in the "When the cat's away . . . " series. Although there is a little recap at the start, you may want to read the first chapter to get up to speed with the story so far.

Foreword #5: Thank you so much to mbrow for being kind enough to read the draft story and provide his edits. Very much appreciated.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Claudia Leber was happily married—actually still is happily married. Steffen was the love of her life, a giant of a man in all respects. For all Claudia was petite, Steffen was huge; in stature and in endowment. What's more, when Steffen decided he wanted something he usually got it, and whether she wanted to or not Claudia always came to enjoy it. The only problem though was that Steffen traveled. It wasn't just a little traveling. Steffen would go often and be away for weeks. Claudia though, the doting wife, just got on with life, disappointed yet waiting in anticipation for his return.

It was on one such occasion that a casual invite to a Friday night drink introduced Claudia to Natalia, or Naty to her friends. It was just a chance encounter, or at least Claudia imagined it was just a chance encounter. It was though an encounter full of surprise, temptation, passion and satisfaction. Naty, the boss' wife, had touched all the right buttons and that chance encounter had become a night of wanton lesbian lust.

For days afterwards, Claudia was trying hard to convince herself that it shouldn't have happened and won't happen again.

She had just about returned to her normal life, waiting for Hubby to return, when an e-mail set her heart pounding once more. What was she to do?

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I sat there, dressed in nothing more than a yellow negligee, staring at the screen. That one mail was jumping out at me, the bold letters seemingly ten feet tall. Over and over in my head I replayed those words . . .

"Our next time, my little Claudia!"

. . . my mind flicking from the screen to that hotel bedroom and back again.

My heart was pounding ten to the dozen and deep inside I was scared . . . scared to open that mail. It had taken almost the full two weeks to finally convince myself that the night of passion, alone with another woman in the hotel room, was nothing more than a mistake. An exciting mistake, but a mistake nonetheless. It was confined to some dark corner of my inner most conscience, locked inside with the keys thrown away, never to come out once more. After all, Steffen would be back in just over a week

So, there I sat, with my finger hovering over the delete key, trembling but unable to apply any pressure. It was only an e-mail. An e-mail in my personal mailbox. That in itself should have been ringing alarm bells. Had I really told Naty my home mail address? Maybe I should have thought a bit more about that, as the answer would have been a resounding no. That in itself would have begged another question. If I hadn't given her my personal mail address, then how had she gotten hold of it? Instead though I sat and stared at the words on the screen. It was a simple choice, but a choice which seemed the most difficult to make.

"Delete it" my conscience screamed at me.

"Read it" came the pull from somewhere deep inside.

Finally, after an eternity of staring at the screen and with those words now etched onto the back of my eyes, I hit the delete key. In an instant it was gone and with it I once again became the loving wife. Little Claudia waiting for her Steffen to return. That was that, my secret encounter would remain locked away in the darkest corners of my mind. I switched the laptop off, closed the lid, and settled down for the night. It was strange. Usually, with Steffen away, it was me and my trusty dildo which snuck under the covers. Tonight though, there was just something on my mind. Instead of the two of us, it was just little old me who tucked up under the cool cotton duvet.

It took a while but finally I dozed off.

I wasn't one for deep meaningful dreams. Usually I would sleep and wake the next morning with barely any recollection of my nocturnal escapades. Every now and again though, something seemed to trigger a more vivid, almost realistic, vision in my mind. I couldn't tell you what the trigger was, but when it happened, I was simply immersed into a virtual world. Tonight, was one of those nights. I tossed and turned as the scenes played out in my subconscious as, once more, I relived that encounter or at least a surreal version of the events of that night.

It was a glow in the darkness which heralded the most bizarre of dreams. A pinprick glow in the distance, slowly growing in size and squaring out as it went. A bluish tinge to the glow reminded me of something, what I couldn't quite put my finger on but there was definitely something familiar. It was about the size of a . . . yes . . . that was it . . . about the size of a laptop screen. My reaction was one of relief. I must have left the screen on when I turned in for the night. It wouldn't have been the first time. It was nothing more than that, nothing at all to be worried about. At least, that was, until the glow took on a life of its own.

Slowly, and in a most ghostly manner, squares of light exuded out from the screen, bending one way and another as they rose towards the ceiling. I felt myself jumping with shock as the first one swooped down low over my head before heading back upwards once more. A second and third light joined the first, dancing around the room in a strange three-way tango. I was scared. Yes, I knew it was just a dream, but still I was scared. A hand over my eyes provided protection, under the premise that what I couldn't see couldn't harm me. Pulses of dark and light started to slow, and I peered out from between my fingers, glancing up at the three lights there in front of me.

Three became one, as they gently merged together, squares becoming more amorphous as they lost definition before finally reforming. I could almost hear myself gasp out loud as the shape appeared. It was a most familiar shape, a shape I had seen many times before, a stylised envelope emblazoned with three little words.

"You Have Mail"

There it hung, a couple of feet above my dreaming mind, a clear message. Before long, those words dissolved away, new ones taking their place.

"Click to Open"

I watched, mouth aghast, as the enveloped pulsed in intensity before slowly opening, a ghost like animation in front of my eyes. No sooner had the envelope opened than the shape morphed once more, back into an amorphous blob, before reforming as a face. I gasped once more. Here, in my dream, in my own bedroom, was a recognisable image of an older woman. I knew immediately, even in its pale ghostly form, who was looking down at me. Did she just smile? I wasn't sure but before I had the chance to check the vision faded away into nothingness, a pale trace of light being the only reminder of what had just happened. Then, just as I was falling back into drowsiness, the dream turned even more surreal.

"Mmmm," I moaned, as imaginary fingers teased my puffy nipples, stroking and massaging them into hard little nubs. There was nothing I could do to prevent myself from the onslaught, the hidden fiend pulling at me, stretching my nubs out before releasing their grip. One after the other, I felt those invisible fingers torment my sensitive nipples. Before long I wanted to shout out, to beg for the torment to stop. As soon as that thought had lodged itself in my mind, it did stop. For a moment I lay there, my rapid breathing slowly recovering as I waited, hoping through hope that the dream was over. I didn't have long to wait.

"Aghhh," came my next uttered sound, an imaginary tongue now probing deep into my pussy lips, easing its way inside. I tossed my head around as it lapped over my surprisingly sensitive clit, shockwaves of excitement radiating out in all directions. Again, the invisible tormenter pushed me just to the point of no return then vanished once more.

My back arched as I felt a touch around my love canal, rimming the opening then dipping just inside. Time after time the action was repeated, my body tensing as the heat inside reached boiling point. Boiling point but never any more. I was taken to the edge, shown the view of nirvana, then brought back once more.

"Why?" I moaned, this time seemingly in real life as well as in the dream.

I could feel fingers, invisible fingers, up inside, ramming into my sodden pussy. It felt so real as my walls stretched tight around the invaders. Once more I rode, higher and higher, towards the point of no return. Once more though it was not quite enough. Just as I felt the first twinge of orgasm nibble away inside, my tormentor vanished, as if into thin air.

Then it happened. That tongue returned, this time down below, the tip lapping over my tight rosebud.

It was too much to take in, even in my imagination. In that instant the dream was broken. I woke with a jolt, eyes suddenly wide open as I gasped for breath. You know how it is, how some dreams just seem real whereas others can barely be remembered. Well this one was one of the former. It felt real. I sat up in bed, the soft duvet falling into a heap in front of me. I was hot, a slight sheen of perspiration covering my skin, and a tender sensitivity lingering inside. Glancing down at my body, I noticed how my rock-hard nipples stood to attention under the sheer fabric of my negligee. I didn't have to look, but I could almost imagine the dampness down below.

Really? Could a dream have such an effect? And why? Why did I now have a vision of Naty filling my mind? She was everywhere, as if somebody had surreptitiously opened the door where I had locked away the memories of than night together. I was hot. I was excited. I didn't know why, but all I could think about now were those images, the image of Naty and that of the opened mail. No matter how hard I tried, I was not going back to sleep. Every time I closed my eyes those images played over and over in my mind; that mail morphing into Naty's face, the sly smile and then the face morphing back to where it started.

After an hour or so, and still in the middle of the night, I powered up my laptop. There was one thing I just had to do, one thing I just had to know. Why had Naty sent me a mail and what did she want? I scrabbled around, impatiently searching for that mail, cursing myself as to why I had hit the delete key. Any other time I would have headed straight for my deleted items, but here in the middle of the night and half asleep all common sense had left me. Finally, I gave up, switched the machine off and once again turned in for the night.

This time around the dream didn't reappear.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I woke late, sun seeping in through the curtains. I wouldn't say it was quality sleep but at least I had slept. It was just as well that the weekend was upon me or my habit of turning up late for work would have another notch on the walking stick. However much I tried though, I still couldn't shake off the images of the night before. Even my usual power shower didn't help and before long I found myself sitting in front of the laptop once more. This time around I headed straight for my deleted items and there, staring back at me, was that mail. I double clicked and watched nervously as the mail opened in front of me.

Staring almost deep into the screen, I read the words over and over in my mind. Six little words. That's all there was, but what a set of words they were. Naty didn't seem to one for waxing lyrical. She was direct, to the point, and as I already knew she got what she wanted. Six little words repeated out loud in my mind.

"Same place, Same time, Saturday night"

That was it, no more, just enough to make it clear what was being asked of me. My mind went off on one.

"What the fuck was she doing? Didn't she realise it was a one off, something which shouldn't have happened but did? What the hell was she playing at? Steffen was the only love of my life, and now this."

From somewhere deep inside came a whispered voice.

"But it was good."

I shook my head as if trying to throw out such thoughts.

"No way, it cannot happen. I can't let it happen. Even if it was good, I mustn't let it happen. How could I explain to Steffen?"

Then that voice, almost subliminal, butted in once more.

"When the cat's away, the mice will play. What he doesn't know can't hurt him, and boy did you have fun? Fun, that's all it is, just a bit of harmless fun."

Had I suddenly become Jekyll and Hyde, my mind ruled by conflicting voices, conflicting emotions? It had taken this long to get that first encounter out of my mind. I sure wasn't going to risk a second one. Grabbing the keyboard, I bashed out a response.

"Sorry Naty. I cannot meet you again. What we did wasn't right."

I hit send and watched the response disappear into the screen. It didn't take long for a response to appear in my mailbox. Nervously—why, I don't know given that my mind was already set—I opened the mail and read out loud to myself.

"Oh Claudia. I guessed you might say that, so I thought you might need a quick reminder of how much you enjoyed yourself last time. Maybe these will help you reconsider."

Confused, I ran my eyes over the screen. It was only then that I noticed the attachments, three simple image files. My fingers trembled as I clicked on the first one. It opened, slowly appearing line by line down the screen. I stared in disbelief at a picture of two women embracing (snogging would be a better word) in a lift. I didn't need to see faces to know that the redhead was me. The second photo was even more revealing, me in my birthday suit hurriedly undressing another woman. I could barely bring myself to open the third, but when I did, I practically shook my head in disbelief. Here I was, in almost HD clarity, lying naked on a bed, my eyes half closed and my mouth open in the apparent throes of orgasm. What made the image even more shocking though was the out of focus view of a woman's head nestled deep between my legs.

"How could she?" I thought to myself, now wondering just what I had gotten myself into. It was just as I pondered that thought, when a third e-mail arrived, almost as if Naty had been waiting for me to open the previous one. I clicked, and it opened in front of my disbelieving eyes.

"So, what do you say? Saturday night, same place, same time? I've got some fun ideas which I'm sure you'll enjoy. What do you say Claudia? Oh, and by the way, I'm not used to being disappointed. Who knows what I might do if you say no again. Would be a shame if these photos got out, wouldn't it? And before you say it, it isn't really blackmail as my only intention is that you continue having the time of your life. You know you want it, but you just don't want to admit it. So, Claudia . . . What do you say?"

She had me. I didn't really have a choice. Well, yes I did, but what choice was it? Stick to my guns and keep looking over my shoulder wondering just who had seen those photos; her husband, my office colleagues or even my beloved Steffen, the thought scared me. So, the alternative was to meet again. My response said it all. The latter was the only option. I hit send and immediately slumped down, my head in my hands. How could I have let this happen and what was I going to do now?

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Saturday came quicker than ever and with it came the night out with Naty. I really wasn't up for it. After all, Steffen was due back the next morning and boy was I longing to see him once more. Naty had just been a distraction, an opportunity to enjoy myself whilst he had been gone, of that I had convinced myself. There was only one dissenting voice, deep in the back if my mind which kept whispering into my subconscious. For all my efforts to lock that voice away, it was becoming harder and harder.

"You know you want this. She takes you to places you only dream of. Do it my girl. You know you'll only regret it if not. It's your little secret."

Over and over I heard the voice whispering, no . . . nagging, at the back of my mind. There was no option, the door slammed shut and I headed off for the evening, wondering just what was in store.

If anyone had been watching, they would have seen a young redheaded woman heading off into town for a night out, nothing more. I'd dressed just like I would have done on any other Saturday. Gone was the frumpiness of my normal work attire, replaced by a mid-thigh length black shift dress, opaque black over the knee length socks and a scarf come shawl around my shoulders. My hair was down, flowing freely in the breeze, the red locks standing out against the black fabric of my dress. Here was any young woman out for a night on the town. And, to be honest, I'd almost bought into the same idea, that was until the train slowed down and I disembarked.

It was only then, that it dawned on me. Same time, same place. What had she meant? The pub or the hotel? I'd been so wrapped up in myself that I hadn't even bothered to ask. It was a case of heads or tails. One would be right and the other wrong. No big deal, after all they were not so far apart. I hit the pub first. If Friday night had been packed, then Saturday was most definitely rammed. I fought my way through the crowds, heading for that doorway which led downstairs. There was something different tonight, something slightly uncomfortable. Was it more than just a feeling? I didn't know, but it seemed that eyes were following me as I walked through the packed pub.

Finally, I made it, leaving the crowded bar area for the tranquility of the stairwell. I wandered down into the basement level. Even down here was busier than last time. I glanced around, peering through the shadows. Naty was nowhere to be seen, so I headed off deeper into the basement. Unbeknown to me, a pair of eyes was still watching my every movement from the foot of the stairs. I never saw him, never that was, until I had finished my meander around the basement. This was definitely the wrong place, I thought to myself. It was as I turned to head up the stairs that I heard a voice call out.

"Shame to be all alone on Saturday night. What do you say I buy you a drink?"

I turned to see what I could only call a lout standing by the stairs. He must have been late twenties, crew cut hair, ripped jeans, most definitely not my type.

"It's OK, my friend must be upstairs. I'll just go look"

"Sure, if that's what you wanna do, but I'd say you've been stood up. So, what do ya say. How about a quick one and then you go look for your friend?"

I took a step back as he approached me. There was alcohol already on his breath, so I knew he'd had a few already. My heart pumped fast as I made a beeline for the stairs, only to find my way quickly cut off.

"It would be a real shame for a pretty young thing to be left all alone on a Saturday night. Let me guess . . . dry white wine."
