 "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Eliza exclaimed in frustration as her character died again on the video game. "Screw this." She threw down the remote and picked at the chocolate doughnut in front of her. Beside her, Caroline was still going strong, an easy three lives to go. "This isn't fun anymore." Eliza drawled, leaning back on the bed. 

"Okay." Caroline replied, pausing the game. "So what do you want to do?"

"Hmm. I don't know." It was difficult to decide, considering the girls had just officially met that day. Sure, they'd been talking online for weeks, and sending snapchats back and forth. But this was the first time they were face to face. "Do you want the rest of my doughnut?" Caroline shook her head, her fiery red curls swinging. 

"Let me know when you decide what you want to do." 

"Okay." Eliza watched as Caroline pressed the bong to her lips and inhaled deeply. Her eyes fell shut as she blew the smoke out, and Eliza's pussy tingled. "I've decided."

"Alright. So what is it?"

"Well you remember how I told you I'm bisexual?" Caroline's eyes widened a bit, but she nodded.

"Yeah."

"Well your boyfriend's at work. And mine isn't here. And they would never have to know. I know that we just met today, but we could just play a little bit, and if you don't like it, we don't have to keep going." Caroline shook her head.

"I'm sorry; I'm just not into that."

"Have you ever even tried it?"

"No. And I don't plan to."

"Then you don't know if you're into it or not." And Eliza leaned into Caroline and kissed her softly. Caroline pulled away immediately.

"Dude, that's not cool. I said no, and we barely even know each other."

"Just try it. I bet you'll really like it." Without waiting for a response, Eliza kissed her again, harder this time, and Caroline tentatively kissed her back. "That's it." she purred, tilting her head to take the kiss deeper, sweeping her hot tongue into Caroline's mouth. Caroline started pulling back again, and Eliza tangled her fingers in her curls to hold her in place, moaning when Caroline gently sucked her tongue. 

As they kissed, she pushed Caroline down fully on the bed and climbed on top of her. Caroline twisted her own fingers into Eliza's thick dark hair and sucked her tongue harder. Eliza pulled away with a smirk.

"Not so bad, is it?" Caroline rolled her eyes and yanked Eliza's head back down, claiming her mouth again. Her lips traveled down Eliza's jawline to her neck, nipping and licking and Eliza groaned. "How about we get rid of this shirt?" 

"Yours or mine?" Caroline panted and Eliza laughed.

"Both." She pulled Caroline up and kissed her hard, before tugging her shirt up and over her head, her hands immediately cupping Caroline's creamy-white tits. She bent her head to kiss them softly, sucking her nipples through her bra, making Caroline moan out loud. 

"My turn." she insisted breathlessly, yanking Eliza's shirt over her head, and getting rid of her bra too. 

"Ooh. A little overeager, are we?" Eliza's smugness was cut off by Caroline's hot mouth on her nipples, nibbling and sucking. She threw her head back and held Caroline's head in place, biting her lip. As Caroline sucked her, Eliza unclasped her bra and removed it, brushing her thumbs over, and pinching Caroline's nipples, which earned her a hard bite, making her cry out. 

"Don't like it rough, baby?" Caroline asked innocently, a wicked glint in her eyes. 

"I'll show you rough, sweetheart." Eliza promised, pulling Caroline's head back up and crushing her mouth. She shoved Caroline back down and went to work on her jeans, getting them undone and getting rid of them, until all that was left were her soaking wet panties. "I thought you weren't into this, sweetheart." Caroline had her eyes closed, mouth slightly open, hair askew. "This pussy," Eliza murmured, cupping it through her panties, rubbing it and sliding a finger beneath the material, "says otherwise." Caroline opened her eyes and they were dark with lust, her chest heaving with it. "Do you want me to stop? If you're really not into it, we can just watch another movie, or play another video game," Caroline cut her off.

"Don't you dare fucking stop." Eliza grinned.

"What do you want me to do to you, sweetheart?"

"Touch me, lick me, suck me, I don't care, just do something, please." Caroline begged.

"Touch you where?" 

"You know where!"

"I'm afraid I don't."

"You want me to say it, don't you?"

"Yes sweetheart. I want you to say it." Caroline blushed. "If you really want it, you'll do as you're told." Caroline shivered in pleasure at Eliza's firm tone. 

"Touch my pussy, please, Eliza, please." Without another word, Eliza quickly rolled Caroline's panties down her legs.

"Spread them for me, sweetheart." Caroline did as commanded and Eliza stroked up her slick folds, eliciting a hiss. "Mmm, I wanna taste you." She didn't wait for Caroline's permission; just dipped her head and let the tip of her tongue follow the same path her fingers had taken. 

Caroline hissed again and Eliza licked her harder, using her fingers to spread Caroline's pussy lips. She licked her long and hard, finding her clit and sucking it into her mouth, making Caroline cry out. As she sucked her clit, she slid her fingers down to Caroline's dripping wet opening, and slowly slipped one inside her. Caroline moaned loudly and grabbed hold of Eliza's head, pushing her face down on her pussy. 

"You taste good. Almost better than me." Eliza crooned, going back to sucking Caroline's clit. She pushed another finger inside her, then pulled them out and slid them back in, fucking her with her fingers, while she lightly nibbled her clit. Caroline was going crazy, moaning, thrashing, squeezing her legs together even though Eliza was using her arms to hold them apart. "Come for me, sweetheart. You know you want to." Caroline couldn't even speak, she only moaned in response. Eliza bit her clit hard and that was it. Caroline came harder than she ever had in her life, completely blacking out for a few seconds. Eliza greedily sucked her cum down, licking her pussy for more. 

When Caroline stopped shaking, Eliza slid up her body and kissed her hard, dipping her tongue into Caroline's mouth and letting her taste herself. Caroline sucked her taste off, and rolled them until she was on top. Eliza's eyes widened in anticipation. Caroline didn't say a word, just started kissing down Eliza's body, running her tongue over Eliza's tits and briefly sucking her nipples, but it was clear that that wasn't her main focus. She pulled off Eliza's yoga pants, and panties and spread Eliza's legs, immediately pressing her face to Eliza's pussy. 

"Yes, fuck yes, just like that." Eliza moaned as Caroline slid her tongue inside her, then back out, fucking her with her tongue. "Faster, oh god." She arched her back, her eyes squeezed shut, utterly lost in pleasure. Caroline kissed and licked her way up to Eliza's clit, sucking it hard. Eliza grabbed her by her red hair, raising her pussy to meet Caroline's mouth. "Don't stop; I'm gonna come!" Caroline didn't stop; only sucked harder and faster, and gently grazed Eliza's clit with her teeth. Eliza came with a loud moan, and didn't wait for the orgasm to finish before she yanked Caroline's face up to hers and kissed her harder than before. Their tongues danced, their tastes mingling, their pussies together, both dripping wet. 

"Bet I can make you come again," Eliza sang and Caroline smiled. 

"Prove it." 

"Alright. Lay on your back and don't move until I tell you to." Caroline obeyed, watching excitedly. Eliza climbed over her body, only she was facing the other way. And as she pressed her mouth to Caroline's pussy, and settled her own pussy on Caroline's mouth, Caroline understood and took a big lick. "Atta girl. Just like that." Words were lost after that, the only sound loud licking, sucking and slurping, moans and whimpers.

Two hours later, they were fully clothed, finally sated and cuddled up together in Caroline's bed. 

"I bet your boyfriend couldn't satisfy you like that." Caroline just shook her head. "Didn't think so." Eliza's phone chimed and she picked it up and sighed. "I've got to go now. But if you ever want to hang out again, just let me know. You've got my number, or you could send me a snapchat." She winked. 

"I'll see you here, same time next week." Caroline said simply. Eliza laughed.

"I think I can squeeze you in."

"The only thing you'll be squeezing in is your tongue. Wherever I want it." Eliza bit her lip, her eyes roaming Caroline's body. 

"I'm never going to get enough of you," she said slowly, bending to kiss Caroline one last time.

"See you next week."