 Sannie swung her car into a parking space outside Laura's home. It had been a while since she had seen Laura, mainly as a result of a slight argument they'd had the last time they'd met. Laura had accused Sannie of only coming to see her when things went wrong or when she'd had a fall out with her latest boyfriend. The worst thing was, Sannie had come to realise, was that Laura was right. She hadn't seen Laura or Mark or their kids for about three months and now that Chris had left her and moved out, here she was running to Laura for sympathy and understanding. 

Sannie looked around the car park. Odd, Mark's TVR was there, but Laura's car wasn't. Maybe Laura had gone out with the kids and left Mark at home. Maybe that would be better. Mark would be as understanding, but without any of the fallout from the past argument. Mark had always been like a big brother to her in the past and the thought of his huge arms wrapped around her, making everything better, passed through her mind she made her way to the house. 

Mark & Laura had always insisted that she used the house as her own and just let herself in, so she did, removing her heels at the door in deference to their polished wooden floor. Poking her head into the living room there was no one to be seen. Hearing something from upstairs, Sannie presumed Mark was on his golf simulator and set off to find him.

As she neared the top, she heard the unmistakeable sound of a woman's moan. It can't be thought Sannie. She knew Mark was the most faithful husband in the world; they'd spent numerous times under a blanket watching a film whilst Laura had gone to bed, yet Mark had never tried anything. But with Laura out, who could it be?

Taking another few steps enabled Sannie to see into the bedroom though the slightly open door. There, facing the end of the bed was a naked, dark haired woman, who looked as if she was, well, fucking someone silly. As Sannie watched, the woman raised her head up and let out another long moan. It was Laura! With her arms braced against what could only be Marks legs, she was grinding her hips up and down against his cock getting the kind of fucking Sannie had only recently only been dreaming of. 

Sannie knew she should go back down stairs and knock on the door, pretending she'd only just arrived, but she couldn't. Her eyes were riveted on the scene in front of her and the longer she watched the hornier she was getting! She could feel her nipples pushing against her bra cups, her pussy beginning to soak her panties. She always thought Laura was pretty, but right now she looked about the sexiest thing Sannie had seen.

Laura's moans were increasing, her hips pounding faster as she neared her orgasm. Sannie's mind was screaming at her to move before she was seen but she couldn't. She wanted to see Laura come, wanted to know if Mark would at the same time, so she stayed and watched as with a crescendo of noise Laura climaxed, collapsing down against Mark's legs, a huge shiver coursing through her body. Sannie was about to turn to leave as Laura pushed herself up onto her knees, still astride Marks hips, arching, leaning back to accept a kiss, her breasts thrust out as he did. Sannie waited to see Mark's thickly muscled torso as he too rose to meet his wife's kiss.

But instead she saw another pair of large breasts and a mane of brunette hair as the smiling face of Petra, another of Laura's friends, met Laura's kiss, their tongue's slipping, entwining together. Sannie let out a gasp at the unexpected sight. Immediately both women's heads snapped up and saw her. 

"Sannie!" squealed Laura as she leapt from the bed, fumbling for her robe, but Sannie was already on her way down the stairs, mumbling apologies. "Sannie! Wait! Let me explain!" called Laura as she chased after her. Sannie had reached the back door and was pulling her shoes on reaching for the handle when she felt Laura's hand close over her wrist. "Please, let me explain." said Laura in a soft, almost pleading voice. 

"It's not me you have to explain to," replied Sannie "it's Mark. And your kids, when they're old enough."

"Mark knows." said Laura. 

"What?" 

"He knows about me and Petra. And so does Ewan. We're not hurting anyone Sannie, we're all honest about it. Please come back and I'll explain everything." Sannie could only nod and still holding Laura's hand, allow herself to be led back to the living room. Laura sat her in the centre of the corner couch and standing in front of the fireplace called upstairs "Pet, come down so we can explain." Petra must have been waiting to see if Laura had managed to stop Sannie, as almost immediately she came down the stairs in Laura's spare robe and sat on the couch, curling her legs underneath her.

Laura made some drinks and began by telling how the guy's business had kept them so busy that they were rarely home and as an apology they'd bought a villa for them to stay in, but being the way they where, hadn't checked if the Laura and Petra had had any plans for the week they'd decided on revealing it. As Petra had a hockey tour that weekend Laura suggested the men take the kids and that she and Petra would follow on the Tuesday. The guys agreed and took the kids. It was only late that Friday that Petra's tour got cancelled and she turned up at Laura's. Laura went on to explain what a combination of a bit too much alcohol, a foot massage and horny film led to. All the time Laura was explaining, Petra was watching Sannie. As Laura got to the good part Petra could see signs that Sannie was getting excited. She was squirming slightly in her seat and Petra was sure she could see her nipples growing in her bra. Laura told of the two days she & Pet had spent together and the foursome that had happened when they told their husbands.

"So that's it. The guys know and approve. Everyone enjoys it and no ones leaving anyone." she said "So, do what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?"

Still digesting what Laura had said Sannie came straight out with it. "Chris has gone. Moved out about two weeks ago."

"Oh right," said Laura, her temper flaring "I don't see you for months, then as soon as you get man trouble your right back!"

Sannie's eyes moistened "I'm sorry I shouldn't have come," she said rising. Laura looked away as she walked past. 

Petra raised an eyebrow at Laura, then rose and followed Sannie to the kitchen. She caught her as she put her glass in the sink "She doesn't want you to leave, she's just a bit angry. She's told me how much she misses your company." Petra said softly "She really wants things to be the way they used to between you, without the long periods of you being in touch."

"I don't mean to. It's just that my boyfriends don't seem to last very long and I always get caught up in that new relationship bit." said Sannie, choking back tears "And I forget. Laura's been with Mark that long I get jealous that mine don't work out and I don't know why."

"What's missing from your relationships then?"

"I don't know, something. At first they are great, but after a while they go stale. The sex never lasts, never seems to be as good as what Laura says hers is like. It's as if I'm always trying to teach them things and I never seem to teach them right." answered Sannie, the colour rising in her cheeks.

"How about you kiss me," offered Petra pouting her lips "And I'll tell you if your doing anything wrong?" Sannie felt drawn to the beautiful brunette as Petra placed her glass on the worktop and stepped closer to her. Sannie saw Petra close in on her and watched as her lips grew nearer, then felt the soft moist touch of her lips. Petra broke the soft kiss almost immediately and smiled at Sannie. "That wasn't so bad was it?"

"No," trembled Sannie as she placed her glass down as well and dropped her hands to her side, which was all the permission Petra needed to return. Again Sannie was exhilarated by the gentle caress of Petra's warm lips, the two holding the kiss for a moment and then breaking apart.

"You're a pretty good kisser," offered Petra, she grinned and then looked over Sannie's shoulder into the living room. Sannie turned, remembering that Laura was only in the next room while she had been kissing Petra. Petra just smiled and turned her attention back to Sannie. Sannie wasn't sure if Laura had seen the two of them or noticed Petra's gaze, but forgot as soon as Petra looked back into her eyes. 

Petra pushed up against Sannie's warm body, placing her hands on Sannie's hips, just touching her tanned skin, the two kissed again for a little longer. Sannie wrapped her arms around Petra's waist and felt her sides as the kiss escalated.

Petra slipped her tongue between Sannie's lips, finding little resistance and soon their tongues were intermingled and the two were in a full French kiss, their breathing becoming deeper and more laboured trying to keep in contact with each other as long as possible. 

"Ummm," murmured Petra as she looked intently into Sannie's eyes, "that was nice." Sannie could feel the passion in her own body, and could sense Petra's. She felt guilty for a moment, unsure exactly of the relationship between the two friends, but then again Petra had initiated the contact. 

Petra took a sip from her drink, never breaking eye contact with Sannie. Sannie leaned over to Petra and this time planted a firm wet kiss on her moistened lips, both Sannie and Petra's hands searched each others hips, waist and back as they held together in the moment. 

"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" Laura's voice startling both girls, they broke apart instantaneously and turned to face Laura. "What were you two girls getting up to then?" 

"Ahhh, I'm sorry, I didn't want to ... I hope I haven't caused any ..." stumbled the confused and slightly scared Sannie. 

"Trouble?" said Laura in a dismissive tone. She left Petra's side and stepped over into Sannie's face. "That depends on whether you want a second opinion on your kissing skills or not." The question almost knocked Sannie over as Laura's face broke into a smile and she pulled Sannie to her own body and kissed her firmly, her tongue burrowing deep into Sannie's mouth as if trying to entangle them both and her hands squeezing Sannie's ass.

Petra stepped up next to them two as Laura broke their kiss. "Well Sannie, why don't we go through and make up properly?" purred Petra, her smile broken only to peck Laura on the cheek. 

"What do you say?" offered Laura with a glimmer in her eye and a raised eyebrow. Petra wrapped her arms around Laura and kissed her from over Laura's shoulder putting on a little display for Sannie as Laura continued to hold her. Laura looked back at Sannie, "Now that we are all friends again, maybe we should get started." 

Laura took Sannie by both hands and led her into the living room, followed closely by Petra. All three stood in front of the couch, Laura planted another kiss on Sannie's lips then let Petra follow her. When Petra finished Laura positioned Sannie in the centre of the couch, kneeling towards Laura who climbed in with her. Laura kissed her again.

Sannie felt Petra's soft hands run over her midriff as she climbed onto the couch, also kneeling, behind Sannie. Sannie was pinned between the two hot bodies of her friends as they both took turns running their hands over Sannie's body. Sannie concentrated on Laura as she alternated between kissing and murmuring in her ear. 

Petra reached under Sannie's shirt, grabbing the hem on each side she began to tug it up giving her just enough time to raise her arms and let the shirt slide over her head. Laura buried her head between Sannie's C cup cleavage; all the time reaching around her back to unfasten her bra. Before she knew it Sannie's bra was being flung onto the floor with her discarded shirt. 

Sannie felt a tug on the jeans as both Laura and Petra gave her the signal so that they could remove them. Laura plucked her button and flies open just as she thrust her rear back into Petra who yanked the tight fitting jeans down to her knees. Sannie then lifted her knees so that Petra could pull them the rest of the way off and dump them on to the floor with the rest of her clothing, leaving her wearing her small lacy g-string.

Petra hugged up against Sannie's bare shoulder and kissed her on the cheek, giving Sannie enough time to turn her head and meet her warm embrace as their tongues danced together. Laura kissed Sannie's chest gently sending shivers up her spine and causing her nipples to harden ever more. Sannie felt the seams of Laura's dressing gown blindly in front of her as she continued to kiss Petra. 

"Let me get that for you," said Laura with a smile as Sannie turned to see why she had withdrawn. Laura's breasts had grown to a D cup after her second child and had retained that size. Her nipples stood on end and were visible through her gown; they drew Sannie's momentary attention as Laura slipped off her dressing gown. A devilish grin crossed her face as she pushed her body back up against Sannie's. Sannie jumped as Laura's nipples brushed against her own, a low groan escaping from her lips as Laura pulled her closer, their breasts squeezing together.

Sannie felt a breeze at her back and turned her head to see Petra peeling her gown off and tossing it to the floor. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Petra's huge E cup breasts bounce free, then she felt the soft flesh and heat of Petra's breasts they dragged up and down her back. 

Everything was moving a million miles an hour in Sannie's mind. Laura's body pushed up against her from the front, matched by Petra's soft curves almost cushioning her from behind. Both women's mouths and hands searching all over her hot flesh trying to elicit the smallest amount of pleasure. 

Petra reached around and cupped Sannie's breasts, Sannie leaned back into her as Petra planted a sloppy kiss on her neck and shoulder. Sannie could feel Laura disappear from her neck then a sudden rush hit Sannie as Laura flicked her tongue over Sannie's erect nipples, lashing them with copious amounts of saliva. Sannie moaned as Laura sucked first on one of her nipples, then the second. 

Sannie could feel Petra run up her back and then peer down from almost above her as both girls watched Laura do her thing. Laura nursed each of Sannie's sensitive nipples in her mouth and hands, Petra breathing hard as she watched, no doubt wishing it was her tits that Laura was playing with. 

Petra reached down Sannie's side and took hold of one of her hands, pulling it back behind her body and ran it up her side, giving Sannie the okay to touch her. Sannie was hesitant at first but then began to search out the contours of Petra's body. Noticing that Petra was also totally naked and she averted touching Petra's most intimate place.

Laura broke away from Sannie's tits and saw what Petra had done. She grabbed Sannie's other hand leading it down her shoulder and over her pert breasts, gasping as she crossed her hard nipple. "Just like that." purred Laura as she kissed Sannie. Sannie's hand gently squeezed Laura's breast, her thumb sliding back and forth over the nipple, yet reluctant not to wander to far from where Laura had left it. Laura ran her body over Sannie's stationary hand.

"How do you feel?" asked Petra from behind, not stopping to wait for an answer before lightly nibbling on Sannie's neck. Sannie broke away from Laura's kiss and sighed as both girls nibbled at opposing sides of her neck.

"I feel great, mmm, don't stop doing that," moaned Sannie. Laura broke away after lashing Sannie's neck with her wet tongue.

"If you think that feels good, wait a moment and then tell me what you think," said Laura as she proceeded to kiss Sannie's shoulder on the opposite side to Petra who was now tonguing Sannie, her hands again cupping her breasts.

Sannie didn't take any notice of Laura; she was too caught up in her embrace with Petra as the two brunettes exploring one another's mouths. Suddenly Sannie's body froze, she could feel the presence of Laura's fingers as they ran over the scrap of lace clothing her pussy. Sannie's breathing became shallower as the cool air hit her as Laura slid her panties down to her knees in one swoop. Sannie looked up at the ceiling as Petra gently ground her breasts into her back as she reached down and pulled her panties off her legs and out of the way. 

It was obvious what Laura intended to do, although Sannie didn't know if she could go through with it, hence her nervous reaction. Laura began to nuzzle and kiss Sannie's breasts again, her inviting mouth working wonders on Sannie's body causing her to forget her worries for the moment.

Petra led Sannie's hand down her stomach and over her mound. Sannie's fingers slid over Petra's smooth mound to the top of her sex, causing her to stop in her tracks. Petra could feel Sannie's hesitation and nervousness and she broke away from Sannie's neck to whisper in her ear.

"What's wrong?" asked Petra in a genuine tone. 

"Nothing," whispered Sannie, but Petra could feel her reaction.

"Just forget what you're doing and go with the flow."

Petra grabbed Sannie's wrist and guided it down over her engorged pussy lips, Sannie feeling the soft wetness of Petra's pussy. For all her attempts Sannie just couldn't do it, she couldn't explore another girl's crotch. Petra began to rub her dripping cunt over the flat of Sannie's hand trying to get her to join in to no avail.

Sannie's nervousness over what was happening with Petra increased tenfold with the sudden touch of Laura's fingertips on the outer reaches of Sannie's folds. Sannie's body went immediately stiff as she felt every detail of Laura's probing of her pussy. Sannie again looked into vacant space, her breathing quickening again, reaching a crescendo as Laura partially plunged a finger into her pussy entrance. 

"What's up?" whispered Petra as she felt Sannie's body tighten up. Sannie couldn't respond at the moment, she just stared straight ahead. "Hey c'mon," beckoned Petra. 

Laura was oblivious to everything going on, she was totally focused on Sannie's body, kissing and kneading all over her shoulders and chest, her fingers sliding in and around Sannie's pussy. 

Sannie leant back against Petra, half turning her head, stuttering over her words "I don't know if I can ... if I can do ...follow through with ... ahhh." 

Laura's tongue swirled around Sannie's nipple as her fingers prodded, looking for that special place. Laura's fingers found Sannie's clit again she heard Sannie's cry as she did so. Suddenly she felt Sannie's hand run down the back of her head and around her ear, prompting Laura to remove her head from Sannie's breast and look up.

"What's going on?" said Laura. Petra conveyed a look of concern through her eyes which Laura understood, Sannie had frozen up.

"I'm really sorry guys. I am, it's just ..." Sannie said, "it's just that I don't know if I'm quite ready for that, I mean I liked it when we were all kissing and fondling but I just can't do the rest of it," 

"It's alright Sannie," said Petra. "If you want us to stop then we will." 

"Speak for yourself," interrupted a bemused Laura, "I don't know about you Pet, but I am well and truly horny now." 

"C'mon Laura! I'm horny too, but we can't force it on her if she doesn't feel comfortable with it," responded Petra. Sannie could tell that an argument was on the verge of breaking out.

"Look guys, I didn't want you two to stop, I was enjoying it. It's just I was a little uncomfortable with the last little bit, I'm just not ready for that. Look let's carry on, just leave me out of that bit." Sannie's suggestion brought a smile back to both Laura and Petra's faces and the three each exchanged a brief kiss. Petra wrapped her arms around Sannie again and the two began to kiss each other.
