 Late, late, late -- I am going to be late. I muttered this mantra to myself as I ran to my car. It was 7:32 and I was supposed to check in by 8:15 at the seminar. I was headed to a teacher's seminar at a hotel about forty-five minutes from my house. The day was already hot and humid. I needed to pick up a few extra classes so I would have a better chance at getting a substitute teaching job at one of the schools close by. I had just graduated and thought these classes over the summer could help me with the job hunt. I wanted a job at one of the suburban schools instead of one of the inner city schools. Driving would be a nightmare if I had to commute to the city everyday. 

I threw my purse, wedge shoes and backpack onto the passenger seat of my slightly used, two-door Ford Taurus. It was an ugly green color -- it did not reflect anything about my true personality -- other than I was poor and frugal and now running late.

I wound down my windows as the air conditioning was on the fritz. The air cooled the perspiration on my forehead and neck. I hiked my skirt up and spread my legs, trying to get as much air flow around my body as possible. My short blonde bob was blowing and I was sure I would look like I had slept on it by the time I got there. 

I hadn't been sure what the dress code was, so I had thrown on a light, summer cotton skirt. It was white with pink stripes. I put a pink cami on under a short sleeved, white blazer. I tried to wriggle out of the blazer while I entered the stream of traffic onto the expressway. "Damn!!' I yelled as I saw the line of traffic -- going the same direction as me -- all shimmering in the July summer heat. I threw my blazer on top of my purse and backpack.

The backpack reminded me of something else I had neglected to do -- buy a briefcase. How was I supposed to look professional when I still carried my backpack from college? My first paycheck I would buy one -- mental note.

Me and the rest of the mad rush crept along at a snail's pace. I was sweating again. I could feel it trickle down my back, right down the crack of my ass. Great, now I would look like I had sat in a puddle on the way here. Mental note #2 -- second paycheck I was getting my air conditioning fixed -- then again by that time of year I would no longer need it.

The traffic's pace quickened as I took the exit to the hotel. I held my arms up so the air could dry me. My car clock read 8:09 -- I just might make it!! I pulled into a space and hurriedly slid into my shoes as I threw my blazer on and swung both my purse and backpack over the same arm. I hopped towards the door, tugging at my blazer and running a hand threw my hair. 

I passed between the doors of the hotel and stopped at the information board to see where I needed to go. I found my meeting room number and ran down the stairs to the registration area. I signed my name and picked my power point slide packet. Thank God there was air!!! I had begun to cool down and feel a little more confidant of myself as I entered the room and took a seat towards the back, on the other side of the room.

I set my packet down on the table and began to get my self organized. I turned my cell phone off and grabbed a pencil and note pad out of my backpack. I looked around the room, it looked like there was about 50-60 seats and most of them were already occupied. I spied the ice water and coffee machines at the very back of the room. The class would start at any minute -- I jumped up and got both a glass of ice cold water and a cup of luke-warm coffee. As I turned to make my way back to my seat I saw a woman enter the room. 

She walked towards my seat. I watched her calf muscles flexing in her high heeled pumps as she walked across the room, with me trailing behind her. She looked older than me, had long brunette hair, was tall and slim and was pulling the chair out next to mine. It was at that moment I felt the luke-warm coffee as it spilled down my leg and formed a puddle in my shoe. 

"Shit." I muttered to myself

"Excuse me?" The brunette said.

"Oh, sorry. I thought I whispered. Ummm, I spilled my coffee." I stumbled through my explanation as I took my shoe off and wiped my leg with a napkin.

"Here, you can use mine too." She offered as she bent down and wiped my ankle.

I jumped at her touch. Her hair spilled over her shoulders and brushed against my knee. Her shirt hung open as she bent over my leg. I could see right down her chest, her push up black lace bra held her smallish breasts beautifully. Her perfume tickled the inside of my nostrils. Her black skirt had ridden up her thighs a little as she was stooped over. I was very surprised to see the tops of black lace thigh high stockings -- even in the summer!!! 

She was beautiful. 

"Oh, thank you." I managed to say.

"Not a problem. You would be shivering in here with the air if you stayed damp!!" She laughed as she tossed her hair back behind her shoulders and re-adjusted her skirt.

I got myself situated and got ready for the seminar. I couldn't help but steal looks at her. I could hardly pay attention to the seminar. There was something about her.

Lunch break consisted of the hotel setting up boxed lunches in the back of the room and then you ate at your table where you had just sat for the seminar. 

"I'm Kathy." I said as I held out my hand.

She took my hand, "Pam, I'm Pam."

We shook, her nails were painted a soft peach I noticed as she pulled her hand back and we stood.

"What school district are you from?" She asked as we took our place in line to get our lunch.

"I don't have a home district yet. I just graduated in June and I am hoping to either work in Easton School District or I guess my second choice would be Reeceville School District. Reeceville is further away for me and I really would prefer to not be driving to the city everyday. How about you?" I said as I grabbed my boxed lunch and a diet Pepsi.

She grabbed the same lunch and drink as I did and we walked back towards our table. "I teach at Easton School District now. I have been there for 8 years." I almost stubbed my toe on my chair as I was watching her lips with her sparkling peach lipstick, instead of where I was walking.

We sat and ate our lunch. Chatting about where we lived and our families. I learned she was married and her husband's name was John. He worked in sales and was away on business. She taught first grade -- which was exactly what my choice would be - if I got my first choice. We endured the rest of the afternoon listening to the speaker and earning our credits.

The seminar ended a little early -- at about 4:15. We gathered up our things and walked out of the building together. 

"It was nice to meet you." Pam said as she shook my hand again.

"You also -- I hope I will see you around school!" I said.

We parted ways and I peeled my blazer off as I threw my stuff back on the seat.

Lace thigh high stockings -- in the summer!! I was stuck on that one thought as I tried to start my car. I was happily entranced in the stockings until I realized the car was not turning over. Ok, so I hadn't had the car looked over by a mechanic like dad had said I should before I bought it! 

I tried it three or four more times just in case it was just hot and sweaty like I was becoming.

Click -- click -- click. Click -- click --click.

"Oh fuck it!!" I exclaimed loudly as I closed my eyes and threw my head back.

"Kathy?" A voice asked.

I turned my head to the voice. I opened my eyes and there was Pam in an older model, blue Cadillac Seville. She was a beautiful woman and with the sun glasses she was down right hot. What is with me today -- I know I haven't had a boyfriend in a while -- and I have never had a girlfriend. Sure I fooled around in college -- but didn't everyone?

"Hi, Pam." I said as I opened my car door and stood.

"Are you ok?" She asked as she put her car in park.

"My heap won't start. I guess I will be calling a tow truck." I said as I slapped the door of my car.

"Well, can I give you a ride somewhere?" Pam asked.

I laughed as I said, "I think I am ready for a drink!!"

We both just sort of looked at one another. "Your husband is out of town right?" I asked. "You drive and I will buy."

"Jump in." She replied as she leaned over the seat and opened the passenger side door.

I rolled my windows up and grabbed my stuff off the seat. Thought twice and then didn't lock the doors. I hoped and prayed someone would take it while we were gone.

I skipped to the passenger side and threw my stuff in the back seat as I climbed in the front and buckled my seat belt. I watched her peach colored fingernail push the window button as the window hummed shut. 

"Where to? Do you have any preferences?" Pam asked.

I hesitated. "I don't know a lot of places around here. Wherever you want to go is fine with me."

"Okay -- then my favorite hometown bar." She said with a laugh.

She pulled into a parking lot that was half filled with cars. We walked into the bar and turned several heads as we took a seat at the very end of the bar.

"Hey, Sam." Pam said with a smile.

"Pammy -- what'll it be tonight?" The older gentleman bartender said as he wiped the bar in front of us.

"Coronas?" She said as she looked at me.

"Sounds good to me -- but can we also get a couple Washington apple shots to get started?" I said as I stared at those lush lips. 

She raised her eyebrows at my request but didn't say anything. 

Our evening went on one drink after the other. We talked about how Pam had met John and she asked about my previous boyfriends. We had done several shots and had finished several beers each. 

"Kathy, I have to stop drinking if we are driving anywhere. Did you call the tow company?" She asked.

"Shit -- I completely forgot." I exclaimed as I pulled my cell phone out and dialed the number. I listened as the recorded lady on the phone told me they were all busy and to please leave a message and someone would return my call. I left a message for someone to call me as soon as they were free.

I asked for the bill for our tab. 

"Kathy -- let me pay, you don't even have a full-time job yet!!" Pam said trying to pull the bill from my hand. 

"Pam, I have a part-time job. I have the money, let me pay." I said laughing as I pulled the bill free of her fingers. My hand brushed her thigh as I grabbed my purse and pulled out my money.

"What job do you have?" Pam asked.

"Ummmmm we can talk about it later." I said as I stood and grabbed Pam's hand and pulled her off her bar stool.

We walked out of the bar; the night air was heavy with an approaching storm. We quickly got to Pam's car and got inside.

"Kathy - thanks for the drinks. Do you want to go back to my place for a few more? The tow truck company hasn't called back yet has it?" Pam asked.

I looked at my phone. "Nope. No call back yet."

"So, my husband is out of town and you have nothing else to do, so why don't you come to my place and we will have a few more drinks." Pam pleaded.

"I am up for it I think." I watched Pam's silhouette against the lightening outside the car. Big, fat rain drops began to hit the windshield as we pulled into Pam's driveway.

We ran from the car to the house as a large bolt of lightening, followed by a loud clap of thunder, hit. We stood in the kitchen, dripping on the floor, laughing.

"Come upstairs and we can dry off." Pam said as she grabbed two wine glasses and a bottle of wine from the fridge. The house was a very nice single family home. The kitchen opened up to a formal dining room and then the stairs separated the living room and dining room. I followed Pam up the stairs, watching the way her skirt clung to her hips and ass as she moved up the stairs. A thin stream of water ran down the back of her leg.

"This is our bedroom she said as she flicked on the light." She walked to the master bathroom off the bedroom and turned on the light there as well. She walked back in and threw me a towel.

"Your bedroom is beautiful." I said as I looked at the king size canopy bed with the peach satin cover. I wiped my face with the towel.

Pam opened the bottle of wine and poured us each a glass. "Here, a drink first and then we can get situated. Do you just want to stay the night here? I mean its getting late and with the storm and they haven't called you back yet." She trailed off.

Just then another bolt of lightening and the lights went off. I froze, not knowing where I was in a strange house.

Pam had let out a yelp. "Give me a second Kathy, I have matches somewhere." A few minutes later a candle flickered on her dresser. As she lit a few more candles, I noticed light bouncing off the mirrors in the ceiling of the bed. 

"I guess that was my answer. Yes, I will stay as long as I am not inconveniencing you." I said as I toweled off my damp hair. I brought my head up and stared as Pam unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.

"I will get cleaned up and then the bathroom is all yours. Help yourself to whatever clothes you want. We are about the same size so I think it will all fit you." Pam told me as I watched her peel her black, wet stockings down her legs. Her matching black lace panties clung to her pussy lips, taunting me. She unbuttoned her shirt and it joined her skirt in a wet pile on the floor. She unhooked her black lace bra and let it fall on top of the clothes. She walked to the bathroom, unaware of my stare as I watched her lace panties plastered to her taut ass. 

I stripped off all my wet clothes and dried off. I pulled open the drawer Pam told me to get clothes out of. It was an entire drawer full of lingerie. Lace and silk and satin. I fingered the items in her drawer, lifted out a silk and lace nightgown and held it to my face. Smelling her and feeling the silk on my skin. As I went to close the drawer, I had to rearrange the lingerie. I heard something shift in the bottom as I tucked Pam's lingerie back in. I ran my hand under her clothes and hit something hard. I lifted up the lingerie and realized I had discovered her sex toys as well.

A rather large vibrator, as well as two smaller dildos were nestled in the pile of lingerie. I slipped Pam's silk lingerie over my head, liking the way it hugged my body. I ran my hands over myself enjoying the feeling under my fingers. 

I looked at myself in her mirror and then noticed Pam standing in the doorway, watching me.

"Nice choice." She said as she walked towards me, wearing only a white bath towel.

I ran my hands in her hair, pulling her towards me. I kissed her. Tasting her lip gloss and mouthwash. I kissed her again and she started to kiss me back. As we stood their exploring each other with our tongues and lips I ran my hands down her shoulders and along the top of the towel and finding the place where she had it tucked against her body.

With one tug her towel opened and I let it fall to the floor, still kissing her.

"Oh, Kathy." She said surprised as she tried to pull back a little. I leaned in and kissed her harder. Feeling her relax against me, she began kissing me back.

I so wanted this woman. I backed up a step and sat on the bed. I just stared at her gorgeous body. She was so beautiful. She blushed as she felt my gaze on her. She shifted her weight from one foot to another, unsure what we were doing.

I held out my hand and pulled her to me on the bed. I kissed her again, my hands running over her body. She began responding to my touch, her hands sliding on the silk. She played with the lace at the top of the lingerie. As my hands played with her breasts she began to make little moaning noises against my mouth, turning me on even more, letting me know that she was into this. 

I flicked my tongue against her nipple which made her inhale sharply. I did the same to her other breast, cupping both breasts. I pushed her on her back on the bed, kissing her ribs and between her breasts. I kissed her mouth again, desperately wanting to hear her tell me what she wants. "Tell me Pam. What do you want me to lick?" I whispered in her ear as I bit gently on her ear lobe. "Say it. Say it out loud and I will do it."

"Me. Lick me." She said hesitantly, her eyes closed.

"No. Louder than that and be specific. Tell me exactly what I am supposed to lick." I said a little more forcefully as I squeezed her small, beautiful breasts. Her nipples were hard, pressing against the palms of my hands. "Open your eyes, and tell me."

She opened her brown eyes and held my gaze as she said, "Lick my nipples, Kathy, suck my nipples." Her cheeks flushed as the words left her lips.

I lowered my mouth to her nipple on her left breast. I clamped my lips on her, sucking her nipple into my mouth, its hardness on my tongue. She cried out and tangled her hands in my hair. I rolled her right nipple between my thumb and forefinger, slowly, pacing it with my sucking motion on her other breast. 

"Oh, oh, Kathy." She squirmed beneath me.

I switched my hand and mouth, taking my time, licking her nipples. Pulling them between my fingers, and watching them grow harder and longer with my touch. Her face reddened as I looked from her breasts to her face. I kissed her hot mouth. My tongue exploring her mouth as I licked at her lips.

"Say it again Pam. Tell me again where you want me to lick and suck next." I teased her, but I really wanted to just hear her newly lesbian, virgin mouth utter those words.

She turned redder, the tip of my nose touching hers. I kissed her gently as she said, "Suck my pussy" against my mouth.

I moved down her body and sat back. Her legs were closed, her knees together. I bent and kissed her smooth stomach moving my hands under her legs to her thighs. I pulled them open and quickly slid between them, forcing them to stay open. She held her breath as I kissed her outer pussy lips. I drank her in with my eyes. Her trim, neat pussy. Her lips peaking from underneath a short haired, brunette thatch, as I kissed her again. She moaned as I stroked the place where her legs and hips met, kissing there, flicking my tongue over her hip bone, and then kissing her clit. I licked her open with my tongue, pressing her thighs open further as I spread her lips with my tongue. 

She tasted incredible, sweet and tangy. I lapped at her slit, sucked her clit between my lips. She was thrashing beneath me. "Is this what you want me to do?" I teased, wanting her to talk to me.

"Yes, oh God yes. Suck my pussy." She said breathlessly.

I smiled to myself, extremely aroused as I rammed my tongue into her; she put her legs over my shoulders, keeping me locked in her wonderful, erotic smell. I ate her and she was soon so wet I was slurping her, fucking her pussy with my face. She pressed into my face, her heels pressing into my back as she came in my mouth. I loved to feel her shuddering under me, her thighs quivering against my face. 

I let her rest for a moment and then kissed her on the mouth. Her musky scent began to dry on my face. "Taste yourself. Doesn't it taste good?" I said as I tongue kissed her.

"Kathy, let me lick your pussy." Pam said to me as she kissed me in return. Her tongue licked at mine. "I have never done it before, but I want to taste you." She said as she pushed me back.

I lay back on the bed, wearing Pam's silk lingerie. My nipples were aching to be touched after feeling Pam's orgasm. Pam leaned over and kissed me, her hands caressing my breasts through the silk, hesitantly. She gently pinched my nipples between her fingers, the material caressing where her fingers were. She kissed me gently over and over as she squeezed my breasts.

She hesitated, not completely sure what to do. "Taste me Pam. Taste me." She bunched the lingerie up over my thighs. I spread my legs as she looked at my almost completely shaved pussy. I had a small patch of blonde hair left. She stroked me there. Her fingers lingered at the moistness, at my arousal being with her.
