 Copyright © December 2018 by CiaoSteve

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work.

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Author's Notes

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.

Foreword #3: Thank you so much to a fellow story lover, Renate, for the inspiration behind this tale. I do hope she enjoys it and relates to my interpretation of her ideas.

Foreword #4: This is a fifth chapter in the "When the cat's away . . . " series. Although there is a little recap at the start, you may want to read the previous chapters to get up to speed with the story so far.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Claudia Leber was happily married, actually she still is happily married. Steffen was the love of her life, a giant of a man in all respects. For all Claudia was petite, Steffen was huge; in stature and in endowment. What's more, when Steffen decided he wanted something he usually got it, and whether she wanted to or not Claudia always came to enjoy it. The only problem though was that Steffen traveled. It wasn't just a little traveling. Steffen would go often and be away for weeks. Claudia though, the doting wife, just got on with life, disappointed yet waiting in anticipation for his return.

It was on one such occasion that a casual invite to a Friday night drink introduced Claudia to Natalia, or Naty to her friends. It was just a chance encounter, or at least Claudia imagined it was just a chance encounter. It was though an encounter full of surprise, temptation, passion and satisfaction. Naty, the boss' wife, had touched all the right buttons and that chance encounter had become a night of wanton lesbian lust.

For days afterwards, Claudia was trying hard to convince herself that it shouldn't have happened and wouldn't happen again. By now though it had happened twice more, once with a strap-on at the same hotel and then that day in the office. Okay, so that day hadn't exactly been a day of wanton lesbian lust, but it had been just as exciting and probably had much more of an impact on Claudia's life. She got the exposure that had been promised, and with it came a new role in the business and a sumptuous black leather collar.

She was no longer Claudia Leber, Accounts Controller.

She was now Claudia Leber, Mistress Natalia's secret little slut.

Having pleasured hubby Steffen for the last few nights, all to the order of Mistress Natalia, Claudia had packed and was ready for a weekend of excitement. What Steffen didn't know about couldn't hurt him.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was a strange sort of day. I'd gone to work as normal, but with a travel bag in hand. It was hardly full, but I didn't have anything more suitable. I'd been so careful in checking, several times, that I had everything; the outfit from that Friday at the office, a little personal washbag and, of course, that thin black collar.

I'd dumped the bag almost as soon as I'd arrived in the office, placing it under my desk as far out of eyeshot as possible. There was no need to advertise that I wasn't going home that night. Even so, it seemed there were some who never missed a trick. The strange thing though is that it always seemed to be the same ones, I was just a little slow to recognise who they were.

"Off somewhere Claude?" came a familiar voice.

"Er, no," I replied. "Why do you ask?"

"Oh, just noticed the bag and put two and two together. Was thinking about going out for a drink again, but I guess you must . . ."

"I'd love to Jack, but could we make it next week? I've just got a lot on today."

"Yes, of course. Hope you get everything done that you planned to. I'd hate to end up seeing you around over the weekend, still working."

With that, Jack turned and left. He seemed so happy with his last retort. I just sat there, wondering. Why did Jack always seem to know when something was going on? Was he just gifted in that way or was it just a case of getting lucky with his guesses? I really wasn't sure, but he always seemed to know a little more than he should, albeit he never let on as to his source. Today though there was just something which nagged at the back of my mind. I really couldn't put my finger on it, but it was there. Was it something he said? Was it something he did? Was it something he was wearing? Was it the black leather bracelet around his wrist, decorated with just a small gold heart shaped ring? I couldn't put my finger on it, but I knew there was something.

The rest of the morning was rather run of the mill. I got on with things, one eye on my work and one eye on any indication from Naty that she was ready to leave. Eventually I got the nod, a quick email suggesting I got changed and met her upstairs. I guess I should have thought about it a little more. Why didn't I meet her upstairs and then get changed? At the time though I was just excited that our adventure was getting that little bit closer. I picked up my bag and headed off towards the ladies. Fingers crossed it would be empty.

It was . . . at least, it was when I entered.

I'd jumped in a cubicle, quickly changed from boring office admin to sexy office slut and was just about to leave when the door opened and in walked a young woman. Immediately I recognised her, and from her smile she recognised me too. Why did I never put two and two together?

"Looking good again," she commented.

I stood and stared.

"I'm Gemma," she continued. "We must stop meeting like this, but I did want to tell you that you looked fantastic and I'll have nothing on later if you're looking for some fun."

I laughed. She had some cheek, but she was sweet at the same time. It never really passed my mind to wonder why she just happened to be in the toilets at the same moment as myself, for the second time.

"Good to meet you again Gemma, but I really must be going. And by the way, I guess you meant that you don't have anywhere to be later, rather than having nothing on."

She winked at me.

"Or, maybe I meant both, there's only one way to find out. Anyway, I guess you've got another hot date?"

"No, no, nothing like that. Just meeting a friend."

"Of course," came a rather sceptical reply. "Well, have a good time."

I grabbed my bag, now filled with normal office attire, and was almost to the door when Gemma spoke once more.

"Love the choker, I've got one very similar. Maybe I'll show you it one day, see what you think."

Strange, I thought as I exited the toilets and headed for the lift. What did she mean when she said she had one similar? I was still pondering that very question when the bell rang, and the doors opened onto the executive floor. There, waiting just outside was Naty. I practically jumped into her arms.

"I've missed you so much Naty," I whispered.

"Forgotten already?" came a chastising reply.

"Forgotten? No, I haven't forgotten. I'm wearing the outfit, including my collar."

"I see," came the reply. "Well, I'll just add that to the bit of disobedience from yesterday. I can see that Mistress Natalia will have to put things to right when we get to the cabin. Anyway, we need to get on the road soon, but I wanted to show you your new office first. It's still being decorated but you'll get a feel for how it will look when it's finished."

There was a way in which she stressed the word "Mistress" which should have told me just what I had forgotten.

Naty led the way down the corridor, past the entrance to the board room, before stopping at the next doorway. She opened the door and walked inside. I followed, entering a surprisingly large room. It had a similar vintage look and feel as the board room, and just like the former there was a second doorway off to one side. If this was all for me then it was a pretty impressive office. I could make myself at home there and really enjoy my work. Little did I know that Naty had the same idea, especially when it came to me enjoying my work in that private office.

To be honest, there wasn't a more lot to see. What furniture was there had been covered with dust sheets, the smell of fresh paint telling its own story. The room though was a decent size. I couldn't hide my inquisitive side and lifted the corner on one dustsheet. Underneath was a desk, a large traditional wooden desk decorated rather unexpectedly with metal rings around the edge. I replaced the dust sheet before Naty noticed and turned my attention to the walls and ceiling. There were several metal rings dotted around the room, some dangling from the ceiling and others affixed to the walls. I could only assume that they were in readiness for adding lights and the like. Even in this state of disarray, I was impressed with the size of the room and the apparent luxury of how it was to be furnished.

"Happy?" enquired Naty.

"Yes, but is it really for me?"

"Oh, yes. Your own private room. A perfect place to carry out your most personal work. Now, if you are ready, we must get going as we've got a couple of hours drive to the cabin."

I followed Naty as she headed back towards the door. On the way, I couldn't help but peer through that second door. My heart jumped when I realised where I was. Next door was the boardroom, where only a week earlier I had accepted my new role. It dawned on me that, other than working for Naty, I really didn't know too much about what the role entailed. Naty though had promised to teach me the ropes over the weekend. I really couldn't wait to find out more.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Despite leaving so early, the traffic was already building which was probably to be expected on a Friday afternoon. We'd had some good weather recently, so it was not a great surprise if a few more than normal were heading off for the coast or country. To be honest, I wasn't so concerned as it gave us lots of time to talk, and boy did I have lots of questions.

Did I learn much though? I'm not so sure. For every question I asked, it seemed that there was a standard answer or two. "Wait until we get there" was one and "don't worry, the best way to learn is on the job" was the other. It really didn't make things that much clearer. I sat back, as we continued down the highway and reflected on what I already knew, casting my mind back to that other Friday in the boardroom. I couldn't remember everything which was said, but there were some snippets of conversation which stuck like glue.

"I couldn't think of anyone more suitable . . . extra exposure is just what she's been lacking . . . opportunity to showcase her every talent . . . she won't let you down . . . go the extra mile to keep you happy . . . flexible . . . accommodating . . . obedient . . . loyal . . . enjoys everything she does. Is that you my little Claudia?"

I'd managed to add a little meat on the bones, so to say. It seemed that the role was a bit of a mixture. For sure I would act almost like a personal assistant to Naty and her husband Richard. It did catch me as strange though quite how much emphasis Naty had put on the word personal. I expected it, hoped for it, when it came to Naty but Richard as well? I assumed that Naty was just being a tease. The rest of the role seemed to centre around hospitality and entertainment.

It was when I probed deeper that I sort of got the cold shoulder, Naty insistent that we had a whole weekend ahead of us. The only thing she did promise was that it would be down to me as to how much exposure I gained and how much enjoyment the role provided. The world was my oyster, and I could achieve as much as I desired.

I reached up at the collar, remembering Naty's additional comment.

"I think it is better we be a little more formal now you are moving up in the world. You can call me Mistress Natalia."

By the time we pulled off the motorway the sun was already starting to drop behind the tree line, light becoming a little hazy as we drove through endless woods. It had taken a good two hours, most likely heading towards three, to get out of the city and into the wilderness. I was never good on directions, so really didn't know where we were, other than the fact that numerous road signs had indicated "The North" and then the final sign when we pulled off onto country roads suggested a place called "Pinewood Lake". If nothing else, I guessed that I could Google it. I grabbed for my phone and switched it on.

"Oh, didn't I tell you?" came Naty's rather sarcastic voice.

"Tell me what?"

"Well, I did say we would be away from all civilisation, didn't I? Well, that includes phone networks. You won't get any signal out here, so you might as well save your battery and turn it off for the weekend."

"Oh," I replied. "I hadn't thought about that. Are we so far of the beaten track? I promised I would give Steffen a call. I always do at the weekend when he is away. Call it the doting wife if you want, but he'll know something is up if I don't."

"Well, I guess you could say that our nearest neighbours are a car ride away, unless you count the wildlife."

"Wildlife? Is it dangerous out here?"

There was laughter before Naty finally replied.

"Oh, you are so sweet Claudia. The only wildlife that you'll get to see is the wild life that we're going to have over our weekend together. I'm sure there'll be sheep, boar and the like, but I've never seen them up at the cabin. Look, there, ahead of us. That's our home for the next two nights. Are you excited?"

"Oh yes, I can't wait."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, Mistress Natalia," I replied, remembering the collar around my neck and how she had already ticked me off earlier.

"That's better. Whenever you wear the collar you need to use the correct address. Earlier, in the office, you seemed to forget this, so maybe I need to give you a reminder later. Anyway, for now, we can unpack and settle in."

There was laughter once more.

"Oh, I almost forgot, my little Claudia doesn't have anything to unpack so we'd better just make sure you are settled in. And don't worry, we'll find a way for you to get hold of your darling husband. We have a land line in the cabin, or even wi-fi, so we're not totally out of the dark ages."

As we drove closer, the beauty of this place was there for all to see. The road had long since become a dirt path, winding between the trees and now opening out to the side of a lake. Even in this evening sunshine, there was a blueness to the tranquil waters. I wondered just how warm it would be. After a long ride then a quick dip in the lake could be just what the doctor ordered.

Ahead of us was the cabin itself. I stared in awe at the building rising out from between the trees. At the back of my mind I had the image of a small log cabin, maybe two or three rooms in size and very rustic in character. This though—yes you could call it a log cabin as there was a timber frame dominating the structure—was certainly not small and certainly not rustic. It couldn't have been more than a couple of years old, a picture of contemporary modernism yet still able to blend in with the natural beauty of this lakeside setting. It must have been two stories high, possibly three if there was a basement. I couldn't wait to look inside.

The car came to a halt and we got out. After the length of the drive there was a little stiffness in the legs. I guessed I looked like I'd ridden miles on the back of a horse, or maybe having done a different type of riding, with the way I was almost hobbling across the beautifully landscaped gardens. A mixture of grass and shrubs blended back into the open woodland whilst, at the front, a wooden jetty merged house into open water. I really would hate to think how much this place had cost. It was no wonder that Naty's husband went by the nickname "Rich".

"Come on my little slut, don't lag behind," came a teasing call from somewhere around the front door.

I glanced, just as Naty disappeared inside. I couldn't wait any more and inelegantly bounded after her. I just had to see what this place was like inside. I had only just walked through the door when I stopped and stood in awe. The inside was just as impressive as the outside. There was a large open living area, huge windows flooding it with natural daylight. A wooden staircase led to the second floor, where I guessed were the private quarters. I glanced around downstairs. Everything was there; a kitchen, a dining area, sofas and the like. It was like home from home, only better. Even down here, there were doors off to other rooms, and what looked like a spiral staircase heading down to some sort of basement, maybe even a wine cellar.

"Come on then," called Naty, already half way up the main staircase.

I followed quickly behind, catching her up just as she opened the door to one of the upper rooms.

"So, this one will be yours for the weekend."

I glanced inside. It was perfect, everything I would have imagined from a lakeside cabin, including a small window with a side view towards the lake.

"I guess you won't spend much time in it though. I'm down at the end. Now, why don't you change, and we'll take a little dip whilst the sun's still shining."

I looked at her, slightly confused.

"But, Mistress Natalia, I didn't bring a costume."

"You've heard of skinny dipping, haven't you? And it's not like we're in the public baths is it. Now, come on, I'll see you down there in a few minutes."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, heading into my room.

It took no time to unpack. After all there was just one outfit in my bag and then the one I was wearing. Somehow though I managed to spend close on ten minutes achieving the task. I wasn't sure why I felt this way. All week I'd looked forward to spending this weekend with Naty, and now I was here I was suddenly hesitant. Was it the stark reality of having to strip naked almost the minute I had walked in through the door or was there something else? I could hear footsteps outside, and I knew that Naty was already on her way down. There was no option and I stripped off, blouse, skirt, heels and collar all removed and placed neatly in a drawer. I was about to leave when I remembered Naty's words about wearing the collar at all times when I was with her. Quickly I fastened it back around my neck. The last thing I wanted was a little more disobedience and the need for it to be added to the list of things to be reminded of.

Dressed in nothing more than nature intended, and that little black collar, I took myself downstairs and out onto the wooden decking at the front of the cabin. There was a little chill in the air compared to the warmth of inside, and I wondered just how warm the lake would be. Was I going to regret this little bit of skinny dipping? I bounded down the jetty, my nipples hardening as I went, cooled by the evening air. Where was Naty though? She came down a long time before me, so should be in the water by now. I stood on the end of the jetty and was about to dip a toe into the water when a familiar voice called out from the side.

"What are you doing my little slut? It will be much warmer in here."

I span around, trying to find where the voice had come from. Then I noticed them, the wisps of light steam coming from the side of the cabin. I ran back up the jetty. To the side of the house was a hot tub come jacuzzi and there, slumped down into the water with a glass in her hand, was Naty. She stood up, water running over her ample breasts and down her naked body, smiled and handed me a glass.
