 Disclaimer: This story is 100% fiction and no money was made from the production of this story. Any likeness between any persons living or dead is accidental and not intended.

All characters within this fiction are 18+ years or older.

Claimer: Lizzy and Angel are mine

Part Three

Lizzy moaned softly and tried to raise her hips from the bed, but felt them being pushed back down.

Opening her eyes, she found herself in the dark, wondering where she was but then another throb of pleasure from between her thighs had her remembering what was going.

Sighing, she reached down and felt soft hair.

Stroking Angel's hair with her left hand, she reached up with her right to tease her nipples.

"Such a good girl," she cooed, shivering when Angel's tongue dipped into her snatch before moving to circle her throbbing nub. "Mmmm.....my good girl...ohhh."

Angel continued to suck and tongue Lizzy until the other girl came with a low groan, her juices eagerly lapped up by the blonde.

"Good evening," the taller girl said, hands curling around the brunettes thighs, smiling.

"A very good evening," Lizzy said, reaching over to turn on the bed side lamp as Angel crawled up her body, pressing their breasts together as she kissed her lover, moaning softly when she felt her lovers left hand stroking her buttocks. "How about something to eat?"

"I already ate," Angel replied, smirking.

"Not each other, silly girl, I meant real food."

"Oh, yeah, I could go for a snack. I think I saw a fruit tray in your fridge."

"Yeah, Mom bought it for my "healthy" snack," Lizzy said.

"You know, there's a lot of fun things to do with fruit," Angel said, smiling seductively as she moved away from her lover.

"Baby, you know I don't like food play," the brunette said, leaving the bed. "But nice try."

"Fine, ruin my fun," the blonde said, following the other from the room, neither of them bothering to get dressed.

"So what do you want to do now?"

"I don't know, whatever you want," Angel said as she followed Lizzy into the kitchen. "If I know you like I do, we'll never be bored."

Lizzy only smiled as she opened the fridge, pulling out the small tray of fruit.

"How could I ever be bored with you?" she asked, handing the tray to her girlfriend before grabbing a bottle of water.

"It might happen some day," Angel said as they made their way into the living room, picking up a piece of cantaloupe from the tray, sitting down on the couch. "You might find someone else."

"Angel, don't say that," Lizzy said, frowning as she sat down next to her lover, handing her a bottled water. "You know I love you and will never, ever get tired of you."

"I know, I just like hearing you say that."

"Bitch."

"That's what you love about me, Lizzy," the blonde said, holding the cantaloupe slice to her lovers lips and pulling it away before the shorter girl could bite into it, moaning as she bit into herself. "It's sooo good."

Lizzy watched as her lover leaned back against the arm of the couch, circling her peaked nipples with the fruit slice, making them shine slightly in the dim light. "Come and try it, baby."

Dropping the water onto the floor, the brunette leaned forward, taking Angel's left nipple into her mouth, sucking it and circling it with her tongue before moving to the right, cleaning the sticky juice from them.

"Mmmm, that was good," Lizzy said, looking up at her lover before giving her a chaste kiss. "How about a movie to go with our...snack?"

"Sounds good," Angel said, smiling as she watched her lover stand up.

"Be right back," the brunette said, leaving the room.

When the shorter girl was gone, the blonde stretched out on the couch, draping her right leg over the back of the couch and resting her left foot on the floor as her hand drifted down to her wet snatch but before she could touch herself, the door bell rang.

Ignoring the door bell, Angel sighed as she began to tease herself.

I think Angel will like this one, Lizzy thought as she came down the stairs, looking at the black DVD case she held in her right hand while a pink silk bag was clutched in her left, but she stopped at the foot of the stairs when she heard her lover moaning and crying out. She started with me. I'm going to have to punish her.

Entering the living room, she smiled when she found her lover sitting in the big leather recliner that faced the stairs, left leg draped over the chairs left arm, her right leg draped over the shoulder of the woman between her thighs, hands clenched tightly in bobbed purple hair.

"Oh, shit, right there, Ally! Right there," Angel groaned, lifting her hips. "Fuck, yes. Ahhhh...harder, sis, harder!"

Lizzy felt herself grow wetter as she walked into the room, watching the two.

"Give it up, Angel, cum for me," the purple haired woman said, briefly looking up at the eighteen year old girl before leaning in again and flicking the girls clit with her tongue.

Angel screamed as she came, her back arching up from the chair, pressing herself closer to the woman's face.

"Fuck, I love watching you too," Lizzy said, making her presence known.

The purple haired woman smiled as she kissed her step-sisters still dripping pussy before turning around to sit on the floor, looking at the nude girl before her.

Twenty two year old Aloyisa Johnson smiled as she stroked Angel's calf.

"And I love being with you two," she said. "Angel said you guys have the house to yourself for two weeks."

"Maybe two weeks," Lizzy replied. "My mother's supposed to call me in the morning to tell me their plans."

"Well, we'll have to make the most of our time, won't we?" the older woman asked, then she nodded to the stuff Lizzy held. "What'cha got there?"

"Oh, just a movie."

"How about instead of watching one, we make a new one?"

"Mom and Dad took the camera."

"And I forgot mine," Angel panted.

Aloysia smiled, kissing her step-sisters leg.

"Silly girls, you forget I always come prepared," she said.

"Well you two go ahead," the blonde in the chair said, yawning. "Between the two of you, I'm worn out."

"Aww, my poor baby's worn out," Lizzy said, moving over to the chair and leaning over her lover to kiss her, moaning when Angel reached up to teak one of her nipples. "Not too tired, though."

"Too tired to play anymore."

"Go on up to bed, sis," Alyosia said, standing up. "We'll visit some more in the morning."

Angel only nodded as she stood with help from her lovers, kissing them both before leaving the room, disappearing up the stairs.

"You get your stuff," Lizzy said to Aloyisa, sharing another brief kiss with her older lover before pushing her back towards the front door. "I'll get things ready."