 Laura slowly came awake, her pussy still dripping from the night before. Although she had no regrets, she still found it hard to believe what she and Petra had got up to. Although she'd thought other women were attractive, she'd never actually have thought of making love to one. T he thought of Pet's tongue between her legs was getting her all worked up again.....as she came more awake she realised that she wasn't just remembering the feel of Pet's tongue, that was Pet's tongue. Laura almost came as she looked down over her tits into Pet's smiling eyes.

"Morning" said Petra between licks "I figure I still owe you one from last night. I'm just evening up the score"

"Oh God, don't stop," moaned Laura "Put your fingers in me, please! I'm going to cum! Please!"

"Oh I can do better than that!" said Petra with a grin as she got to her knees over Laura and slid into Laura with her own strap on. "What was it you said last night? 'You love being on your back getting fucked'? Well here goes!"

Laura could only moan into Pet's mouth as Petra's lips closed over her own, the fake cock got buried to the hilt in her pussy and Petra's tits squashed down onto hers. Laura rolled her head to one side and whispered into Pet's ear "Oh yeah, fuck me! Ram that cock into me! Please!" she pleaded as she lifted her legs up around Pet's waist, her arms pulling Pet tighter to her. Petra responded by grabbing Laura's arms and pinning them over her head, again covering Laura's mouth with her own she concentrated on doing exactly what Laura asked for. With her arms pinned above her head all Laura could do was lift her legs higher around Petra's waist and moan as Pet's mouth found her nipples. "Oh God Pet that's good!" She moaned "Fuck me! Please fuck me! Harder! Please!" Responding to Laura's entreaties Petra did everything she could to pound the fake cock harder into Laura's now dripping wet cunt. Laura could only lie there and moan in ecstasy as her orgasm crashed down through her, causing her pussy to spasm so hard that Petra had difficulty thrusting into her.

Petra let go of Laura's hands and lay down on top of her, their breasts squashing together as their lips met and tongues slowly and gently entwined as Laura recovered. 

"Mmmm, that's a nice way to wake up," murmured Laura. 

"Like I said, I figured I owed you one from last night," smiled Petra. 

"Who's keeping count?" asked Laura as, keeping the dildo inside her, she rolled Petra over and sat astride her. Gently rocking back and forth Laura pushed the base of the strap on against Petra's clit.

"Hey I'm supposed to use this on you." said Petra as her arousal began to build. 

"In which case, let's take this off then" said Laura as she slid the dildo from her pussy, bent down and unfastened the strap on from around Petra's waist and dropped it on the floor.

She slid a finger along Petra's wet pussy. "I think I have just the thing for this," she said as she reached down and opened the drawer under her bed. "This," said Laura, holding up a largish pink, trident-shaped vibrator "is a Rampant Rabbit Deluxe and is my favourite toy in the world. This bit, well it's obvious isn't it? This goes into your pussy and when it's all the way in this bit vibrates against you clit and this bit vibrates against that sensitive spot between the back of your pussy and your arse. So lie back and open your legs whilst I show you how good it really is."

Petra did as she was told, staring mesmerized at the toy in Laura's hand as Laura bent her head down and slowly licked Pet's cunt from top to bottom, her saliva mixing with Pet's slick juices leaving her dripping wet. "Christ, if you're going to use that thing, then hurry up otherwise I'm gonna cream all over your face!" she panted. Laura smiled as she moved her face slightly to the side and began to slide the fake cock up and down Petra's pussy, coating it with her juices. 

"Ready?" she asked as she flicked the switch to start it vibrating. 

"Ooooohhhhhh" moaned Pet as Laura continued to slide the toy around Pet's cunt, deliberately avoiding her clit and cunt hole. "Please put it in me." Laura did as she was asked and slowly slid the toy into Pet's cunt, stopping it so as the clit and arse ticklers weren't quite making contact. As Pet's hips began to rise off the bed trying to ride the fake cock, Laura held her down keeping the toy in place. "For Christ's sake please fuck me with it!" Pet pleaded as Laura began to slide it in and out, making sure to keep the ticklers away. As she felt Pets pussy beginning to tighten as her orgasm began to build, Laura picked up the pace, ensuring that both ticklers made contact. "FUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKK!" wailed Petra as Laura rammed the toy home, keeping it deep inside her, the clit ticker spread either side of Petra's clitoris, almost surrounding it, as the arse tickler fluttered around her puckered rosebud. Finally Laura added her tongue to mix lashing around Pet's clit as Pet bucked wildly around as her orgasm crashed through her.

As she finally began to calm down, Laura withdrew the toy and lay on top of her, holding her as she gently kissed her face. "Wow!" giggled Petra "No wonder that's your favourite. I'd have never thought getting your arsehole played with would be such a turn on." 

"You've never let Ewan fuck you up the arse?" asked Laura "I love letting Mark do it every now and again. Jesus it makes me come like a crazy woman, it feels so dirty, you know?" 

"After that, I can certainly imagine, although I'll take your word for it and just settle for buying one of them toys for now." Replied Pet. "Anyway, what are we going to do about the boys, the kids and this mini-break?" 

"Lets work that out after we've cleaned up and had something to eat" laughed Laura as she got up and pulled Petra to her feet, propelling her towards the bathroom with a playful slap on the arse.

After a slow, soapy, sexy shower both girls headed downstairs and as Laura started breakfast, Petra rang Ewan to tell them her tour was cancelled. Ten minutes later he rang back. "I've got you both new flights. Tomorrow morning at 6.45, as it's within Europe you only need to be there and hour before. I've rang your brother and he'll be at Mark & Laura's place at 5 to pick you up. 'Plane should land about 11 o'clock. You'll have to get a cab when you get here though as we'll be at the beach. Mark says there should be about 500 Euros in their safe so you'll be ok for cash and this place is so quiet that you don't have to lock the villa." 

"Oh marvelous" said Petra in a mock tone of outrage "You haven't seen your wife for two days, but she has to make her own way to an empty villa!" 

"Ha! Ha!" came Ewan's reply "Can you imagine leaving either one of us alone with all 5 kids for several hours? No me neither and anyway you're big girls, I'm sure you can look after yourselves." 

"Fine," pouted Petra "but just so you know, I need a few new bikini's and what not so we're going shopping this... afternoon? Christ is that the time already? As soon as we've had breakfast, well brunch anyway." 

"I'm not even going to ask why you've only just got up and don't bother to tell me how much you spend, I won't want to know. Anyway I'll see you both tomorrow about 4ish. I've got to go as the kids look like about to drown Mark. Bye" 

"Did I hear a 5 o'clock start?" asked Laura as she sat down next Petra at the table. 

"More like 4.30" replied Petra "My brother will be here at 5." 

"Oh well, we'll just have to go to bed early" said Laura with a smile. 

"Yeah, for some sleep you dirty minx" smiled Petra as she leant forward for a kiss "anyway eat up, we need to go shopping."

*****

After their early start the girls were shocked when the taxi dropped them off outside the villa. "Are you sure these are the right ones?" asked Petra.

"Sure, is only new ones in village. Big guy, smaller guy, lots of childrens staying here." Replied the taxi driver depositing the bags on the driveway "I see them walking to beach this morning." 

Laura paid him and turned to Petra as he left, "How well is their business going again?"

"Better than they've been letting on obviously." came the reply "Shall we explore?" 

"Why ever not, but first I want to get changed. I didn't realize it would be this hot." said Laura as they grabbed their bags and went inside. 

After dumping their bags in their rooms and changing into bikini's and sarongs, the girls wandered around the villa. Two large double bedrooms on the first floor, both with their own bathrooms and balconies looking out over the sea with steps leading to a roof terrace, two further double bedrooms on the ground floor, along with a large kitchen and huge open plan lounge/dining room leading to the pool area with a 10mx5m pool, plus hot tub, barbecue area and tucked away around the side of the villa, a sauna. "If they built them this big, you've got to wonder why they built two." said Petra. 

"You know men" answered Laura laughing "always trying to make up for something. I'll go fetch the suntan lotions whilst you fix us some drinks. Shall we use the roof terrace or the poolside?" 

"Upstairs I think, there may be a bit more of a breeze up there."

Five minutes later, with a Margeherita in each hand Petra stepped onto the roof terrace where Laura was sat on one of the loungers rubbing suntan oil onto her legs. "Here you go honey, a true taste of being away" she said handing the drink over. 

"mmm" said Laura, "you know I don't think I've had one of these since our honeymoon nearly nine years ago." 

"Me neither" replied Petra as she sat on her sunbed "but I thought they'd be just the thing. You know what else I haven't done since my honeymoon? Gone topless. And since there is only me and you here and we can't be seen from ground level that's what I'm going to do!" and with that Petra undid the strings on her bikini top and dropped it to the floor before reaching for the suntan oil, her breasts hanging deliciously as she bent over. 

Laura's eyes were glued to Petra's hands as the rubbed the oil over her body and she almost began to pant as Petra started massaging it into those amazing tits, her hands slowly sliding over them, her nipples slick with oil, slipping through her fingers as she did. Laura tore her gaze away and caught a faint smile on Petra's lips as she turned her head. "Tease!" she said with a pout. 

"What?" came Petra's reply "I was only making sure I don't get burnt. Just 'cos you don't have the bottle to go topless any more.." 

"Say's who? Here catch!" said Laura flinging her top at Petra before lying back on her lounger with studied indifference.

A few minutes later Laura began to regret her impulsive action as the sun beat down on her. Glancing across at Petra and seeing her eyes closed, Laura reached for her own suntan oil and began to surreptitiously applying it to her own breasts. Opening one eye Petra watched Laura sliding her hands over her breasts, taking rather longer than was strictly needed. Truth be known Laura was already feeling slightly horny from watching Petra do the same and was using the suntan oil on her breasts to add to the moistness growing between her legs. "Need a hand?" Petra asked with a grin. 

Laura stuck out her tongue and lay back with her eyes closed. "After your show I need more than hand trust me."

Petra waited for a minute or two before quietly standing and crossing to Laura's lounger. Kneeling next to her, she leant forward to cast a shadow over Laura's face as her hands reached out to caress her breasts. Laura started at the touch, but smiled at her friend when she opened her eyes. "You took long enough." She said. 

"You know what they say," answered Petra sliding her hands over Laura's tits and lightly pinching her nipples "anticipation is as good as the actual event." Laura writhed under Petra's touch, reaching up and pulling her face down into a long passionate kiss, their tongues wrestling as they did. 

Breaking the kiss Laura stared into Petra's eyes, "Whoever said that obviously hasn't anticipated being kissed by you." 

Stepping over the sunbed and sitting astride Laura, Petra bent her head to Laura's breasts, kneading them together, sucking first one then the other nipple. Lifting her head smiled an impish smile "Just kissed by me?" she asked. Pulling Petra's head back into her tits Laura moaned as Petra's mouth found her nipple again, "I never said where I was anticipating being kissed."

Petra continued her assault on Laura's tits, lightly pinching the nipple that wasn't in her mouth, then swapping over, her tongue leaving a trail of saliva from peak to peak as she did. Laura was getting more and more aroused, she could feel the wetness growing between her legs and she began to hump upwards trying to get her sex to make contact with Petra's. Felling her friend arousal Petra slid down the sunbed, dragging one of her breasts over Laura's mound before stopping with her mouth an inch away from Laura's bikini covered cunt. 

She reached for the ties at the side of Laura's bikini only for Laura to put her hand over hers stopping her. "What if the boys and the kids come back?" she asked. 

"Doesn't matter," replied Petra "for one they don't know we are here yet, two I've locked the door and three I've left the key in the lock so they'll have to knock, giving us time to make ourselves decent." 

"Seems you've thought of everything you naughty little minx" said Laura releasing Petra's hand. Petra wasted no time in untying Laura's bikini and throwing it aside. Bringing her face to Laura's now dripping wet pussy she extended her tongue and licked slowly from bottom to top, swirling her tongue around Laura's clit. "I try" she said as Laura's back arched in pleasure. Burying her tongue back in Laura's cunt Petra began to eat her friend out in earnest, lashing her clit, taking long licks from top to bottom, extending her tongue as far as she could and fucking Laura's hole with it, trying everything she could to get her friend off. Laura could feel herself on the edge of cumming and began to buck against Petra's face. 

"Fuuuck! Pet, please put your fingers in me! Please!" Petra, now herself fully aroused, was only too happy to oblige. Taking her fingers from her own cunt which she had been fingering and covering Laura's clit with her mouth she slid first two, then three fingers into Laura's cunt, curling them upwards and pistoning them in and out. "Oh God that's it! There! Don't stop! I'm cumming!" cried Laura as her orgasm crashed through her, her hips grinding her cunt against Petra's face.

As she felt Laura come down Petra quickly stood up and lowered her cunt over Laura's face, pulling her bikini bottoms to one side. "Quickly Laura, put your tongue in me, I'm so fucking horny!" Reaching up Laura pulled Petra closer, sliding her tongue deep into Petra's pussy, licking and sucking the juices that where flowing freely from it. Petra's fingers quickly found her own clit and she began strumming it quickly as Laura's hand reached up to her nipples. "Yes! Yes! Fucking hell yes! Laura I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she cried as she gushed all over Laura's face.

Unable to stand anymore Petra lay down on top of Laura and the two girls lay there kissing and licking their own juices off each other before lying entwined, dozing in the sun. After a while opened her eyes "Do you think we'd better put some more lotion on? I know I didn't put any around my cunny, I didn't see you put any on your arse and I'm pretty certain you'll have washed it all off my face!" Petra laughed and stood up to get the bottle.

Looking over the parapet of the roof terrace towards the sea, she saw a group of people walking up the road towards the villas. Ducking back down she reached for and quickly put back on her bikini. "What's up?" asked Laura." 

"Take a look" replied Petra "but first put your top on to be on the safe side." Puzzled Laura did as Petra said and looked down the street. There walking towards them was her husband Mark, with all five kids in tow. It did make a odd sight. All 240lbs of muscle walking down the street, with a gaggle of children around him, the youngest on his massive shoulders and two holding hands on either side. There was no sign of Petra's husband Ewan. Seeing two figures on the roof of his villa he stopped in his tracks before recognizing them and pointing them out to the kids. Faint cries of "mummy!" reached the girls as the three eldest ran off towards the front door.

Waving at Mark, they both turned to go and open the door. "That was close." giggled Laura bending over to get her bikini bottoms, her bare backside sticking up as she did. 

"Sure was." agreed Petra, running her hand over Laura's arse, dipping a finger into her still wet sex. "Better get cleaned up as well" she added as Laura shooed her hand away. 

They went downstairs had time to quickly wipe their faces before the kids were hammering on the door. They let them in to an excited clammering of what they had been up to over the last couple of days, each kid trying to talk over the other, whilst the two youngest crawled onto their respective mothers knee for a cuddle. Mark followed a minute later looking like a pack horse, having collected each dropped bag along the way. "Hi honey" he said bending over to kiss Laura. 

"Hi you" she responded "where's Ewan?" 

"Gone into town to get some more beer & stuff. We figured we'd go out for dinner tonight. We have a surprise to tell you later. Anyway I'm going for a shower to wash the salt, sand and suntan lotion off." And with that he ambled upstairs leaving the puzzled girls to the children.

It turned out that the surprise was that Mark's parents had also bought a villa on the other side of the island. Not only that but they were staying the weekend and returning home Monday evening. Not only that they were taking the kids with them. Laura & Mark's kids would stay for half term at there house and Petra's parents would be meeting them at the airport for Petra & Ewan's kids to stay with them. Laura and Petra decided to leave telling the boys until they were alone the following evening and concentrate on having a fun day as families.