 The last thing that Laura had wanted this weekend was a guest. Not that she had anything important planned. In fact, it was quite the opposite. She had absolutely nothing planned for the entire weekend. Her husband Mark had taken the kids away to their villa for the week and Laura was going out to meet them after the weekend. For the first time in almost a year she was going to have a weekend to herself, just to be alone in peace and quiet and one of her best friends had to go and ruin it because her hockey tour had been cancelled.

Not that it was really Petra's fault. Her team was always short of players and trying to go on tour with only 9 was pointless. But it was too late to complain now. Petra was here and that was that. And since her husband was Mark's business partner and he and Pet's children were at Laura & Mark's villa as well (theirs wasn't yet finished yet), there really wasn't anywhere else for her to go except to an empty house.


So here they were sitting on the couch knocking back a few drinks from the bottle Pet had brought, marvelling at how fast the boys business had taken off in eighteen months. The one downer was that both men put in 80 hour weeks and generally only took a half day off a week, meaning that their kids hardly saw them. Hence this weekend. Neither of them knew of the Greek villa's the boys had bought off plan until they had announced a week ago that they were all to go away. Being typically work focused both men had forgot Pet's hockey tour. The fact that the men had decided to take the kids anyway and leave the girls showed how guilty they felt about the last year. 

Laura realized that she actually missed just hanging out like this. Nowadays if she had the time to relax it was a soak in the bath and an early night. She knew Petra was the same and it was amazing that out of all of Laura's friends, even with three kids and a husband working every hour, Petra was the most laid back.

She was also one of the prettiest with her shoulder length black hair usually kept tied back in a ponytail or a messy bun or something atop of a pretty face. Nothing spectacular, but alluring just the same. Even Mark commented that Pet was sexy and to him, friend's wives were so off the market that he never mentioned it. Her body was nothing to be ashamed of either. Not exactly the body that every girl died for, but eighteen months hard works after her last child had brought about a body better than before she was married. Even 5 sessions a week at the gym couldn't shrink her E cup breasts, although her hips had come right down.

Laura was actually pretty similar in build, except for her tighter hips and ass and her slightly smaller D cup breasts. Her skin was paler than Petra's and her hair was a shade or two lighter. Her cheekbones were a little sharper and her lips a bit less pronounced. 

Looking at both women together you would never believe they had five kids between them, nor they were both in their mid 30s. Of course, Laura would never admit to Petra that she thought she was attractive. Not that she was ashamed or anything it was just, well they were friends that's all.


Both women were sat on the couch, dressed in their pyjamas, with snacks and chocolate laid out on the coffee table. With not a lot on TV, they were talking about nothing in particular just bouncing from topic to topic. "So what did you have planned for the weekend?" asked Petra.

"Nothing much, A long soak in the bath, a bit of pampering. It would have been nice to have spent some time with Mark and no kids though." Said Laura. 

"Oh yes?" responded Petra with a raised eyebrow. 

"Oh come on don't look at me like that! When was the last time you had a really good session with Ewan, without the worry of the kids coming in?" Laura asked.


"Hey we had it twice last week!" retorted Petra.

"I don't mean an eleven at night, half hour job." Said Laura, "I mean a proper, anywhere, anyway all night fucking?"

"Well, when you put it that way," replied Petra, "probably before our first."

"Exactly! Six, nearly seven years ago! We're the same. When we do do it, we both just do what we know will get the other going. I wanna explore him again. I want to be able to spend the time for him to try new things, whether they work or not." Laura replied.

"You sound almost like you're bored with him." said Petra, giving Laura a look.

"No I'm not! Don't get me wrong Mark is great in bed. Christ he's so good with his tongue that I'm almost certain he must have been lesbian in a former life."

"What on earth makes you say that?" 

"Well you know they say that only a woman knows what a woman wants in bed? Mark knows. When his heads between my legs the house could blow up and I don't think I'd realise."

"Oh come on! He can't be that good surely! What does he do?

"Oh he is, trust me. He does this long lick, from the bottom of my pussy all the way to my clit and back again, getting me dripping, then he'll literally bury his face in me, his tongue pushing in and out whilst his nose rubs my clit."

"Mmmmm. Ewan likes to concentrate on lapping my clit whilst he pumps his fingers in and out to get me wet. The he'll let me ride him for ages until he's ready to come." Said Petra, pressing her thighs together, feeling the wetness growing there. "I like facing his feet and grinding myself down on him."

"That's Marks weak point. Even though he's quite big, he can't hold back very long. Possibly because he's still got a foreskin."

"Really? Ewan's cut so maybe that's why he can. I mean he can fuck for at least an hour without cumming. I love being on my knees whilst he pumps me from behind. How big is big?"

"Over 7, but he's really thick about a quarter of the way down. I love it when he goes down on until I'm on the verge of cumming, then he'll quickly pull himself up and ram his cock home and nail me 'till I do. Usually quite quickly. I love being on my back with my legs wrapped around him getting fucked silly."

Both women drifted off into their own thoughts, Petra had an image of Laura on her back as she described, with Mark's big dick pounding her, but pushed it to one side. Hell they were sharing a bed later, so she'd have to sneak off to the bathroom before hand and relieve herself beforehand. Laura was wondering what it would be like to have a cock buried in her for ages. Mark's best time was about 10 minutes, could a smaller one for longer be better? Especially as she found Mark a little big when fucking doggy style. She found herself wondering what Ewan's looked like.

"Hello? Laura? Anyone home?" Petra said waving her hand in front of her. Laura shook her head a little as if shaking away a fog as she realized she'd been caught miles away.

"Sorry, did you ask me something?" Laura said as she smiled sheepishly at Petra's slightly mocking look.

"Yeah," Petra said as she scooted into the corner of the couch as she pointed to the television with her thumb, "Want to watch a film?" she said, deciding to change the subject.

"Um, sure what's on Sky?"

"Dunno, where's the remote?" said Petra as she rolled over and got on her knees as she reached over the edge of the couch to searching for it, giving Laura a perfect view of her butt. Dirty thoughts suddenly sprang to the surface that in Laura's half-cut state she was both unable and unwilling to suppress.

"Like the view?" Petra said catching Laura off guard as she smiled at her over her shoulder. Laura had the decency to blush as she attempted to splutter out an excuse. Petra just laughed her off as she spied the remote atop the tv. Laura took a swig of her drink as she tried to regain control of her libido.

As she looked up Petra walked back to her and smiled wickedly. Laura returned the smile weakly still feeling a little embarrassed. They were both straight. While Laura was happy that Petra obviously wasn't offended by her lapse, she had to wonder why.

"Cruel Intentions do?" Pet asked as Laura's head spun. "Fine" said Laura, groaning internally. Ryan Phillipe looked good enough to eat in the film and Sarah Michelle Gellar playing tonsil hockey with Selma Blair always got her horny and that was the last thing she needed. Her mind was spinning so much she didn't even notice the film, she was totally lost in her thoughts. She almost didn't hear Petra ask her if what was okay if she stretched out a bit.

"Hey!" Petra said as she snapped her fingers playfully trying to get Laura off of her cloud.

"Oh, yeah, go ahead, sorry," Laura responded as she broke away from her thoughts enough to turn and answer with a smile.

"Ta hun," Petra replied as she stretched out and placed her feet on Laura's lap with a giggle. Laura giggled herself as she pushed Petra's feet away only to find them instantly replaced. They playfully fought for a few minutes until Laura finally threw up your hands in defeat.

"Don't sulk, it's not like they smell or anything" Petra teased. Laura bent her head down as if to smell Petra's feet but then rang her tongue up Petra's instep. " Stop it that tickles dammit!" Petra cried. "Sorry," replied Laura pulling Petra's feet back onto her lap "here you go, I won't do it again." 


After a little more teasing the girls seemed to settle back and watch the movie, but as the film progressed Laura felt herself getting turned on more and more. In an attempt to divert her attention away from the film, Laura reached down and ran her finger along the bottom of Petra's foot. "Don't" said Petra giving Laura a dirty look. In return Laura grabbed Petra's foot and started tickling it. "No fair " cried Petra as she wriggled trying to get away. Laura just laughed and carried on. "Alright! Alright! I submit! Just stop!" Petra moaned between giggles. Laura finally relented and released her hold on Petra's feet. "What did you do that for?" asked Petra "I was enjoying the film". "Yeah I bet you were" retorted Laura, "The same way I was no doubt". Petra gave Laura a sly smile "Probably. I was trying not to squirm too obviously. Right now it's too bad you aren't Ewan. I'd totally fuck you."

"Well, I've a vibrator in my room," Laura said without thinking, then froze once she realized what she'd said. She almost apologized until Petra laughed softly

"I may have to borrow it later," Petra said with her eyes closed and big smile on her face. In her horny, tipsy state Laura couldn't help what came out next.

"I also have strap-on," she said with a smile. Petra's eyes flicked open and stared quizzically at Laura.

"Why on earth do you have a strap-on?" she asked. "Oh it came free with some other toys we bought" said Laura quickly "It's never been used". For a moment she considered running into her room and hiding until Petra surprised her yet again.

"It's not nice to tease, Laura," Petra said the smile returning to her face. Laura smiled "Who said I was teasing?" She said in a low voice as she guided Petra's foot up to her mouth and kissed on the sole of Petra's foot. Petra's eyes shot open in an instant, but Laura didn't notice. Her eyes were closed as she placed yet another kiss a little higher on Petra's sole.

Petra was shocked, but said nothing as Laura's tongue gently licked the bottom of her foot. She only shuffled closer to make it easier for Laura to continue. Laura's eyes opened slowly as she felt Petra shift. Petra simply smiled at her a little apprehensively until Laura took her big toe in her warm, wet mouth.


"God, that feels good," Petra said as she squirmed under Laura's attentions. Laura just moaned in response as Petra's hands began squeezing her own breasts through her pajama top.

She worked her back down Petra's foot kissing, sucking and licking every inch of it. Both women's eyes were locked on each other as they got hotter and hotter. To Petra the thought of Laura's tongue in her mouth, on her breasts and in her pussy made her wetter than she'd been in months.

Laura moved away from Petra's foot, down her ankle to her calf, sliding the pant leg of her pajamas up as she did. Petra was couldn't believe how good it felt to have Laura kissing her legs. Her hands were quickly moving downward away from her breasts down past her belly button. As Petra's hands slid under the waistband of her pajamas Laura switched her attention to Petra's other foot. As Petra's fingers found their way to her throbbing clit, Laura sucked Petra's other toes into her mouth. "God," Petra grunted when she slid her fingers inside herself, "What are you doing to me?" Laura's eyes smiled as her tongue swirled around Petra's toes she could smell Petra's arousal and it only made her want Petra more. Her own pussy was beginning to soak her pajama bottoms as she got more and more aroused. The sight of Petra bringing herself to orgasm was one of the hottest things she had ever seen. The way her face contorted and the sound of her pants was so alluring Laura had to know what she looked like as she came.

"Scoot up," She said as she guided Petra's leg to her side and reached up to grab the sides of Petra's pajamas. As Petra scooted one way Laura pulled the other and Petra was quickly naked from the waist down.

"God you're so wet," Laura whispered as she reached out and touched Petra's swollen pussy with her hand. 

Petra just squirmed and groaned while Laura gently explored her slick folds avoiding her friend's clit. She whimpered again when Laura stopped.

"Don't worry," Laura chuckled as she stood and slid her own pajama pants down allowing them to fall to the floor before quickly removing her top, "I just need to get out of these. Sit up and reach up."

Petra did as she was asked and Laura slid her top off allowing Petra's breasts to hang free as she pulled Petra to her feet and guided her Laura's bedroom upstairs. When they reached the bed Laura sat down and smiled in invitation. Suddenly nervous, Petra stood there for a second. Laura couldn't believe it, she'd never seen Petra nervous or unsure before.

"It's okay," said Laura, "I won't bite, unless you want me to." Petra laughed despite herself, but she was still feeling nervous about going further. Fooling around on the couch was somehow different and She'd already gone farther than she'd ever thought possible with another girl, let alone Laura. 

"Have you ever done this before?" She asked in a quiet voice.

"Well, no" Laura said kind of thrown back by Petra's sudden change of mood, "Have you?"

"No," Petra said in the same quiet voice. 

"Do you want to?" Laura asked hoping she knew the answer already. When Petra nodded Laura got back to her feet and stood in front of her. "Then let's do it." With that she leant forward and softly kissed Petra's neck.

Looking Petra in the eyes she saw desire again. Slowly she kissed her again this time on her lips. Petra responded instantly, her hands finding their way around Laura's body pulling her closer. Laura's lips parted and her tongue came out to ease its way between Petra's. Petra's lips parted as she accepted Laura's kiss.


Tongue slid against tongue as their hands explored each others skin. The kiss deepened and soft moans filled the room.

Petra's doubts disappeared as quickly as they'd appeared. Laura broke the kiss and guided her onto to the bed. Petra lay on her side as Laura joined her and they were instantly locked in another embrace, laying face to face on their sides on Laura's king-sized bed.

The kiss progressed as Laura's free hand caressed Petra's hip down to her thigh. With a gentle shove Laura pushed Petra onto her back and got on her knees above her. Without breaking the kiss she brought her hands to Petra's breasts to play with the soft mounds of flesh and the hard nipples at their centre.

As she squirmed under Laura's fondling, Petra reached up to touch Laura's breasts. At first her touch was light, but Laura's groans gave her courage. Her fingers found their way quickly to Laura's hard nipples, pinching and pulling on the turgid peaks of flesh.

"God," Laura whispered as she broke away from Petra's lips to kiss her ear, "You're making me horny."

"I'm making you horny?," Petra responded between gasps, "You're driving me crazy." Laura as her kisses migrated down the side of Petra's face to her neck and back up to her chin to Pet's lips. Petra gladly accepted her kiss while she felt Laura's hands begin to move down her body to between Petra's legs.

As Laura's kisses moved back to Petra's ear Petra felt Laura's hand hovering above her mound. When they finally reached her swollen lips Petra's back arched involuntarily as her friend's fingers slid into her with ease and her palm rubbed hard against her clit.

Laura fucked Petra's pussy slowly, but deliberately and Petra could only pant in return. Then Laura bent down and took one of Petra's swollen nipples into of her mouth. The pressure had become too much and finally she came with a scream. Her body stiffened, bright lights flashed behind her eyes and the world went black and silent. All she could feel was Laura's fingers on her pussy and mouth on her breasts and the waves of pleasure that they were bringing her.

Laura refused to show Petra any mercy, keeping her fingers and mouth at work through the whole ordeal until Petra placed her hands around Laura's face and guided her into another kiss. Laura allowed her to, but the desire to get a taste of Petra's pussy was overwhelming. Petra grunted in protest as Laura broke the kiss again and started to kiss her way down Petra's body.

Petra gasped when Laura's hands pushed her breasts together and once again took her nipple into her mouth, lashing it with her tongue before trailing her way across Petra's chest to her other nipple to repeat the tongue lashing before she began down to Petra's pussy. 


"Oh god," Petra groaned as Laura paused at the top of her mound. Laura was about to kiss another woman's pussy for the first time ever. Petra's breath caught in her throat as she waited for Laura's mouth to finally make contact with her other set of lips, then she released it as one long moan as Laura's tongue slid along her folds.

Petra's fingers quickly became intertwined with Laura's hair as Laura's tongue and lips explored her lips, her clit and her dripping wet hole. Laura's hands pushed Petra's thighs up and apart making easier access for her tongue while Petra squirmed and screamed.

"Oh God, Laura. Make me come. Oh God! Oh yeah!" and on and on. Petra didn't even know what she was saying, but it didn't matter. All that mattered was that tongue that was now curling up inside her as Laura's nose rubbed back and forth across her clit. Petra's gripped on Laura's hair tightened forcing her face hard against her cunt. Laura didn't mind. Only one thing mattered at the moment and that was making Petra come around her face.

"Oh Fuck!, Oh Fuck! Fucking eat my pussy!" Petra managed to grunt out as she ground her crotch against Laura in an almost violent manner. Hearing Petra swear didn't happen very often and the sound of it turned Laura on even more as she brought her hand off of Petra's thighs and slid two fingers into Petra's pussy as she shifted her mouth upward to Petra's clit.

The constant pressure lips and tongue on her clit, the fingers continually pounding in and out of her hole soon had Petra thrashing around on the bed and her legs flailing about as she arched and bucked her back and hips as she came and came and came.

She was almost sad when she came back around and realized that instead of crawling back on top of her for another kiss, Laura was at the side of the bed, rifling through the drawer.


"What are you doing?" Petra asked as she rolled over onto her side and looked at Laura. "We aren't done are we?"

"God no," Laura said, "Not by a long ...Aha! Found it!" With that she turned towards Petra with a big smile on her face and a strap-on dildo. Petra's eyes grew as wide as saucers as she remembered Laura's comment about having the strap-on. "Ready to be fucked then?" asked Laura with a smile. "Not yet," said Petra, her usual self confidence returning "It's my turn first." With that she pulled Laura back onto the bed and took the strap-on from her hand, depositing it on the bedside cabinet.
