 If he noticed it, he didn't consider it noteworthy. Truth to tell I really didn't care. I decided to be nice spending some time, doing it, well at least one of us did. My hand, actually, to be more specific. 

He groped and squeezed my breasts while I stroked him to orgasm. I listened to his moans and gasps as he kissed my face. He was kissing and inhaling another Woman's scent. 

Oh well, she was in my mind anyway and there was no way he was going to, 'get it,' before she did. She was to be in my dreams tonight. I'm sure she would be in most of the morrow's daydreams.

As I have said I do have responsibilities. As the hours passed I was ambivalent; torn between anticipation of the soon to be known, and what I considered comfort. At 6:00 PM though, I was ready. Yes, I went.

"Uh." I obtained the attention of the desk clerk, (at exactly 6:30 PM,) "I'm supposed to meet," 

"Yes, hold one," she smiled at me and reached for the phone. 

"Ma'am?" her voice paused, "Unh uhhh. Yes she is prompt." her head nodded, "Yes Ma'am." 

She then smiled at me and replaced the phone receiver, "She'll be right with you. Soon." 

"Thank you." I replied. 

I stood in silence and marvelled about the quality of communication and the efficiency present in her operation. I wondered though, if my secret was common knowledge. 

She rustled some papers on the desk, "She is quite nice isn't she?" 

I looked at her, "Uh, yes," then turned to hide a blush, " ... but, I just met her though." I realized I didn't even know her name. 

"Oh? Well," she batted both her eyelids in a bright quick wink, "don't worry she doesn't uh, Oh! Here she is."

"Hello Dear." she reached for my hand, 

"Nicole," she addressed the clerk, "this is," she looked at me for a prompt. 

I immediately responded, "Deanna." 

"Deanna, my new ... 'Ingénue,' " 

"Hello Deanna." Nicole acknowledged me. 

" ... we're going out. No calls. Ta ta." 

Nicole nodded and bowed her head as, 'She,' draped my arm on hers and turned us towards the entrance to leave. 

"Ingénue?" I said to her at the door and smiled quizzically. 

"Yes," her voice underscored the finality of her word. "I think it is quite, 'apropos.' " she continued, " 'Ingénue, a young or naïve woman.' Are you not this?" 

I stopped, "Well," 

"Deanna," she turned to me, "last night." She placed her fingertips under my chin and tilted my head upwards. I looked into her eyes. 

Her words conjured the memory. Her scent and the atmosphere of our time was nearly tangible. I wanted her to embrace and kiss me right there in front of everyone. 

She did just that. "I told you to stop acting." 

I felt a gentle warmth suffuse my body as I acknowledged to myself that I did not care about this public display. "I promise." I whispered after her soft kiss left its' imprint on my trembling lips. 

"Silly girl." she opened the door for me. 

I would no longer, 'act.' I finally decided it was time to respond. 

"We're going somewhere very exclusive." 

"Oh,'' I said, "where?" 

"Soon sweetheart, we'll be there soon." 

As we rounded the first corner's block intersection she gently guided me further down the sidewalk as we talked about me, my career, my desires, my husband. 

"Oh, I don't know,'' I replied to her pointed question, ''he's ok I guess, for a man.'' 

"Are you not satisfied?" 

Her frankness lengthened my pause.

"Well, I don't know. Isn't satisfaction a time related event?" I replied, "I can't know what's not there yet. Besides, I'm to do what I am to do." 

"Last night you made love to me. Believe me, I was satisfied." she said quietly. 

I did not answer. 

She stopped, "We are here."

It was a very old Victorian style house, no more than 1 ½ block from the spa. It was three stories high. It commanded the space on the lot much more than the store fronts and shops abutting it. Just like her. 

Stone steps lead the way to a huge wrap around porch with wicker chairs on the sides and a hanging rocker for two on the other side of an imposing ornately carved wooden door. 

"This is my world." She said as we walked to the door, "I own the entire block."

She placed her palm on an indented carving identical to the icon at her spa. An ultra violet light beam scanned her palm. "No man has ever entered here. Welcome." 

What a world! The entry was a foyer that stretched out before us at least 10 feet, panelled with a very blondish style of wood I had never seen before. (It almost seemed to radiate a pinkish hue.) Doors, (leading into rooms?) on both sides with mirrors interspersed. 

There were pictures of women, all approximately her age, garbed in clothing appropriate for the era in which that particular woman, 'reigned,' over this house. 

There is no other word to describe the, 'atmosphere,' of the pictures. Every thing that I could see inside this house designated that Royalty lived here. 

At the end of the foyer we were met by a red haired green eyed young woman approximately 25 or 26. 

"This is my, attendant, Nancy." 

Nancy nodded to me as she reached for my things, 

"Nancy. We will have tea in the front room." she took my arm and escorted me into her house. 

"Yes Ma'am." Nancy nodded as she placed my things in a closet.

"Come." she escorted me to a sitting room. We sat on the most comfortable over stuffed floral patterned love seat I had ever seen. 

"So!" she turned and looked at me. 

I knew she was expecting an answer to her question regarding satisfaction. "No I am not satisfied." 

She nodded her head, "To achieve satisfaction?" She leaned towards me and kissed me. Her tongue slid effortlessly in and claimed everything. It seemed to pulse with its own rhythm as it filled the empty of my mouth.

She broke the kiss. As the sensuality of her kiss slowly evaporated, allowing a tiny glimmer of, satisfaction, to feel its life, I noticed Nancy had quietly entered the room with the tea set. She was standing there quietly.

She continued and answered her question, "All you need to do, is attend to her needs." 

"Thank you Nancy," she turned to her, "you may leave us." 

"Yes Ma'am." she nodded, turned and walked away from us, leaving us alone.

"So, we shall attend to her." she said. 

"I'd like that." I murmured quietly. 

"Do you trust me?" 

"What? I'm here." I answered. 

"No!" she moved her head side to side and interrupted, "Just schuss a minute before you answer. Do...you..." She moved her fingertips to under my chin and lightly lifted my face to look from her eyes to mine, "trust me?" 

"Well," I deliberately answered, "I guess I'm not sure what you mean." 

"You are about to be immersed into the ways of Lesbian sexuality. Do you know that if you say, 'no,' " her words were endearing and suggested heart to heart intimacy, "I will ensure that your, 'no,' is honored?" 

'Forever?' I facetiously thought. I realized though, this was an important question and my answer was needed to acknowledge my desire. "I trust you.'" 

"Ok." she nodded her head and laid her hand on mine, "Then tell me what you want."

I took a deep breath, "I want a new perspective to my sexuality." 

I turned my hand and held hers. I placed her hand on my cheek, "I want to lay in front of a woman and smell nothing but her. I want to taste her, I want her to taste me. I want to lay on her, feel her lay on me." I continued, "I want some wonderful woman to teach me how to be with a woman."

"You have come to the right place. Now, go upstairs Jasmine will attend to you, wash the scent of your husband's hands from your body." she said and gently stroked my cheek. 

"Yes Ma'am." I stood. 

"Oh, by the way, thank you for not spoiling your scent with panties." 

I didn't have to look. I knew my blush was accompanied with hardened nipples. 

"I caught your scent at the counter in the spa. What a wonderful aphrodisiac Dear." 

"To honor you." 

"No, to excite me," she laughed knowingly, "I'm positive that Nicole caught it too. She has a nose for that. She will be joining us." 

She swatted my butt, "Maybe I will have her punish you for being such a naughty girl. Now go before I devour you right now."

"Yes Ma'am." 

She reached to my arm stopping me, "By the way, Jasmine just can't help herself. Remember, 'No,' Dear. I give you your first!" 

I walked up the stairs, a stairway that could have inspired some of the most lavish of Hollywood sets, and headed upwards to the next level. I glanced back to her seated in the room, she was on the phone. I turned my head back and looked up the ascending stairway, Jasmine was there. 

She had the blackest hair I had ever seen, black eyes, a red dot on her forehead. She was dressed in a diaphanous Sari, her dark nipples and dark patch clearly evident. 

"I am Jasmine," her melodious voice said, (a soft, crisp, clear, Hindi accented voice,) "I am to ... attend to you ... yes?" 

"Uh. yes I'm," 

"Yes! Yes, you to come with me." she gestured down the hallway, "Yes." 

I followed her. 

She stopped at a door. "Here." she gestured for me to precede her into a room.

Candles were everywhere, on every available shelf, at every available spot. Steam was rising from a free standing bath tub in the middle of the room. Scented oils and soaps were sitting on a table beside the tub. Lilacs, tulips, 

irises, roses, blooming in their vases everywhere in the room. 

"Here," Jasmine escorted me to the tub, Rose petals were scattered on on the water's surface. "for you." 

I reached for the top button on my dress. 

"No, no," she said, " ... I am," and moved my hands beside my hips, "to, how you say?" 

"Undress?" 

"Yes." she quietly giggled and nodded her head, "Undress you." 

I remained still as her hands unsnapped the first button, then the second. I felt a delightful tremor in me as her fingers brushed my skin; a shivery sensation that continued until every button was unloosed. 

The dress fell to the floor. She held my hand and helped me step into the tub. I needed her help. She gathered my hair on top of my head after I sat in the perfectly heated water. 

I closed my eyes and breathed deeply to capture the smell of the water and the room. I felt water being poured gently on my body. I opened my eyes. Jasmine was kneeling beside the tub. 

She reached for the soap then dipped the bar into the water and lathered it. "You shall," She gently helped me lay back against the back of the tub, "Yes?" 

"Oh!" she accidentally pushed the scrubbie into the tub. She giggled as Her hand moved in the water trying to find it. She abandoned the search for the scrubbie, after spending a delightful amount of time searching for it between my legs. 

She lathered her hands and washed my shoulders. She lathered them again and washed downwards to my breasts. 

She washed my breasts with her hands. Which is to say she caressed me. I didn't want her to stop. 

She reached for my hand, tapped on it and held it as if I were a goddess. "You stand ... yes?" 

She, 'washed,' every remaining inch of my body as I looked down. She was kneeling there beside me. 

When her fingers washed, there, I closed my eyes and softly moaned. I lowered a tiny bit, my legs opened slightly. Her fingers moved deftly cleaning me. I knew what I wanted. 

"You want..." she looked up at me and smiled. "I should," her eyes were eager, " ... like Mistress? Yes? Bare, like Mistress?" 

I wondered how my Husband would react to that. I knew this would make me feel Virginal. I answered clearly, "Yes." 

She helped me sit then used her hands to rinse all the soap from my body. Again, I was being caressed. 

I felt as if I was floating, my eyes closed as I luxuriated in the softness of her touch. I felt the water level receding, opened my eyes and watched as she poured a measure of lotion unto her hand to moisten my skin there. 

I thought, 'I don't want to tell her no.' I closed my eyes and felt her fingers rubbing the lotion into my skin. 

She was soooo expert. I sighed and opened my eyes to watch her hold the tips of my pubic hair gently pulling them upwards. I heard the sound of scissors as she trimmed the excess then watched her drop the follicles into the tub's basin. 

She used her fingertips to slather more lotion there. I was shamelessly wet, lotion and me mingled. With deliberate sureness she shaved every inch of my Mons. Her expert hand never even coming close to nicking me. 

She reached under the bath tub and produced a jar of hot wax, coated one side of my vulva, waited, removed the hairs then did the same to the other side. She towelled my skin gently then poured a generous amount of lotion there and massaged it into my skin. 

I had never felt such exquisite sensations. Her fingers moved on me, in me, delightfully mingled the lotion and my wet. She rubbed me, her fingertips moved on my clitoris. I sat up quickly, removed her hand and cried out, "No!" 

Jasmine moved back from the tub's edge, "As you wish ma'am." 

She sat back on her haunches beside the tub as all the sensations cried out their disappointment to my fevered brain. 

My lungs exhaled the groan and I felt nothing else. I almost, knew, what I wanted. Straight girls dream what they have to, but I never would.

"Well, well." she was at the doorway to the room, "As always dear one, you have prepared her well. Did she?" 

"No Mistress." Jasmine answered then rushed out of the room after standing and bowing to her. 

She walked to the tub and said, "Very good little one." She knelt level to the tub's rim. She reached her arms under my body and lifted me. She spoke quietly, मेरा नाम योनि है ।. (Meera naam vooni hai.)

"Pardon?" I said and shook my head side to side, "I don't,"

"My name is Yoni." she said.

"That's the Sanskrit word for,"

"I am Yoni." she interrupted. 

As she carried me down the stairs I said to her, "This is a very special place isn't it?" 

"Yes Dear, it is. Very." she said. 

My arm was draped around her shoulder, my face nuzzled in the hollow of her chin and neck. 

"Very special, did you notice that your, 'no,' was honored?" she whispered. 

I sighed and nodded. 

We were back in her sitting room. Oversized pillows however, had been scattered about the room to designate places to recline upon. The floor was covered with a satin sheet. 

Jasmine, Nancy and Nicole dressed in lace that complimented their skin and hair color, were reclined together. Their murmuring and giggling stopped after we entered. 

Each stood and waited as She took me to the center of the area. She laid me down gently. 

They encircled her. Jasmine was unpinning and detangling her hair as Nancy unbuttoned her blouse. Nicole knelt to unfasten her skirt. After Nicole and Nancy reverently removed her underthings she walked to me and laid beside me. 

"These," she moved her hand and referred to them, "are some of my Ladies. Ladies?" she spoke to them. 

She directed her attention to me again, "All Ladies belong to me, whether they know it or not." She moved her hand in a circle, then lowered her hand. 

All three of them reached to a clasp at their shoulder and released it. The lace fell to the floor. "Lovely aren't they?" she said to me. 

Jasmine; her long black hair hanging in lovely long thick strands beside her breasts, which were so beautiful with the very dark nipples. Her breasts were very firm and very large. Her body was voluptuous with a wonderful forest of ebony on her mound. 

Nancy; pale skin, pinkish hue, her hair like a mane, naturally curled, rested above her beautiful breasts. Her Coral hued nipples appearing as if ready to blossom; full, turgid, ripe. A natural red head. 

Nicole; very black hair long and straight, small breasts with pert little nipples her skin almost ivory hued, natural gothic pale. 

"Let's watch." she said to me, "Ladies?" she waggled her fingers at them and indicated they should play.

The three of them laid on the sheet together. I watched them kiss each other; all three tongues moving on lips, all lips sharing first one, then another and another kiss, hungry kisses. Their hands, each caressing a breast, pinching a nipple. 

Their hands moved on each other in shared knowing embraces. Their fingers and hands moved everywhere. The passion grew by itself. 

Nancy's fingers between Jasmine's opened legs, so dark, mysterious, her scent everywhere. Nicole explored from the other side. Nicole was being caressed and petted by Jasmine as Nicole caressed Nancy. 

I felt Yoni's fingers moving on my arm to my shoulder, "My Ladies are such a pretty sight when they play." Her fingers traced a line down to the swell of my breast. "Did your husband like my scent on your lips?" 

I moved my head side to side, then up and down. I was unable to speak as her fingertips moved across my nipple then trapped it between them. The throb passed directly to my pussy. 

I watched Nancy trail kisses on Nicole's body. She stopped to suck her nipple into her mouth. Nicole groaned loudly as Jasmine's finger entered her. 

Yoni moved her hand to my other breast caressed it and whispered, "Did you fuck him?" 

I murmured negatively as Jasmine slid over Nicole's face then lowered her hips. 

"You've told him no all these years." Yoni whispered in my ear. 

I watched Jasmine raise and lower herself there. Nicole moved her tongue into Jasmine as her lips kissed and munched at her labia. 

"You won't tell me no will you?" She spoke the question as a statement as she helped me get on my hands and knees.

"No Ma'am." I murmured as she moved to my side. 

She traced a line down my spine, between my cheeks, then between the labia. All of her fingertips caressed me like I had caressed her last night. She opened me like a dew soaked blossom. 

She pushed me gently to the Ladies, scooted me closer to them, "Join them." 

Jasmine reached out her hand to me from where she was seated on Nicole. Nancy lifted her head from Nicole's pussy and offered me the feast that had been at her lips. 

I took Jasmines' hand. She brought me close. 

All I wanted to do was taste Nicole, Nancy reached to the back of my head and pushed my face down to Nicole's pussy. She moved my face there, made it mesh, find spots of conformity. 

My tongue tasted. My lips were sealed. Her wet was being smeared on her pussy and all upon my face. 

Yoni was behind me leaning on my back her arm around me. Her hand held my breast in a caress, "You will let me have you." 

I moaned my answer and moved my tongue around Nicole's pussy. I felt a finger move into me. 

I had never felt a finger move inside me like hers, to the side, the other side, deep into me then curling down the knuckle pressing up as if opening me for more. 

Nancy held my head down on Nicole's pussy as Nicole began to be elemental in her taking of my adoration. Her hips moved up and down with determination, intent, hungry for satiation. 

Jasmine was beginning to cum. Her moans and cries mingled with her heavy breath and the tiny jerking movements of her pussy grinding on Nicole's mouth. 

I felt orgasm passing through Nicole with the contractions of her clitoris. A wonderful counter melody to her breath, as her wet saturated my face.

"Jasmine, here." Yoni said as she kept moving her fingers in me. 

Jasmine moved from her place on Nicole's face to my side.

I felt Yoni move to behind me. All of her fingers moved into me. I felt her knuckles moving against my pussy opening me for more. She said, "Look at me." 

I turned my head and looked at her. 

"Now Jasmine." Yoni said. 

Jasmine pushed gently on my shoulders and lowered my upper body to the pillow. She reached under me and began to move her fingers on my clitoris as Yoni moved her hand into me. 

I needed to do nothing else.
