 I never expected this. I am a straight girl who has all the proper fantasies. I soak nightly in my luxurious bath, eyes covered with a damp wash cloth, as the lavender scented water soaks my body. Sometimes I even imagine attendants, as many as three of them, pouring water from their hands onto me. 

I know, Queen of the Nile, type dreams. 

I'm sure you have those dreams when you feel a soap soaked scrubbie moving across your breasts. How easy is it to imagine an attendant coaxing you to sit up so she can wash your back? 

Yes, then someone gently picks you up to carry... Oh, sorry, got caught up in the dream there. You have to admit though, it is a wonderful dream. 

I am well adjusted. My daddy adored me, men I work with and see through the course of my day flirt with me. I even have a husband. It's not like I'm not desired.

Ok, even if we hadn't done it in over two years the evidence is as obvious as the ring on my finger. I know the lack of a, 'love life,' per se could indicate a serious problem but my career is important. Sometimes I am just too tired. 

I know, the old headache excuse is very lame. Just because we haven't, doesn't mean I don't,'wanna.' 

Anyway, I was at a new work out spa that evening, योनि. I've heard somewhere that it is a Hindi word. Basically it is a work out spa for women only. I'm not quite sure why it is, women only, but it sure is nice not being ogled by horny men while you work out. It was a very quiet night, very few women there.

My mile swim was quite invigorating. My thoughts were neither weighty that night nor trivial. After the swim I was sitting on the edge of the pool my legs dangled in the water, gently paddling under the surface. 

'Hmmm, I could stay right here, just like this,' I mused. I watched the water eddy and peered into the bluish tinted depths. 

The lights were dimmed. "We have been closed for awhile young lady." a disembodied voice announced. 

"Oh." I stood up, a bit surprised by that. I walked alongside the pool. The darkened exterior room on the other side of the windows allowed them to act as mirrors. 

I stopped and looked,(figuring that I had already broke protocol with nothing to lose,) "Not bad for a 23 year old wife," I mumbled quietly. 

5 feet, 4 inches, 125 lb., strawberry blonde, I considered my,'laugh lines,' how they become more obvious every year, in spite of the lack of laughter in my life. 

I ended the musing, "Not as,perky." and remembered how much I hate that word. My face reflected back to me my scowl as I turned slightly and looked at my big butt. 

"Oh well," I walked to the shower with the thought, 'how female, affirmation mingled with self-doubt.' 

I looked through the colonnade into the shower room. It was empty, "Nice." I said aloud. 

I removed my suit and grabbed my toiletries from the locker. The last shower head, (being the one giving the most amount of body space, since there are no more,) waited for me. 

The water was perfect and pelted my body, I felt wonderfully alive. I savored that feeling, turned my back to the wall and closed my eyes. 

I could not help myself. I have seen that commercial with a young woman arched backwards under a waterfall. 

My head was back, my spine was bowed slightly, and my legs were opened a bit wider than normal, (making a body part very obvious,) the water was saturating my hair, the excess running in rivulets down my body. I moved my head side to side slowly. 

A woman spoke as she entered the shower bay, "After enhancing her beauty, she displays herself." 

I snapped out of my fantasy, "Oh!" I thought, 'Talk about a free show.' 

"No, uh, just stretching my muscles." I turned to the right, my back to her and laughed lightly. 

"Oh, if you choose to deny?", her voice moved from the distance towards my turned back, "Who am I to contradict?"

The distance between her and my shower space became frightfully close. 

"Why are those things so, close!" I mumbled. 

"Pardon me dear?" she said.

"Yes." I faced the shower head and angled myself towards the wall. "Right." 

My space had been invaded by an army of one. 

"Don't stop on my account Dear." she said quietly. 

Out of the side of my eye I watched her reach to adjust the spray and the temperature of the water. She turned her face to me. 

Her arresting emerald green eyes, that had seen every thing, seemed to be trying to see the rest of 'every thing,' inside me. 

She continued knowingly, "There is nothing more delightful than a beautiful young woman displaying her naked body to me."

I was stunned by her words, "Pardon?" I quickly turned my body to the right and faced her. "What?" 

I noticed her body was toned, not 'body builder,' style either. 

I continued my interjection, " 'Displaying?' " She was much taller than me also. 

As she continued, uh, 'scanning,' me I noticed her hair was very auburn, very long and wavy suggesting a cascade. Definitely not, 'L`oreal Auburn color #5!' I continued staring at her. 

She turned away and reached into the spray cupping water to splash on her body, "Almost, perfect." 

I watched the water splashing and dripping from her breasts. 

She feinted her shoulder towards me and stepped around to face me. "You. Not the water." 

She was bare. As obvious as I had been. 

"Oh!" I faked a cough, "Excuse me!" I turned quickly to the container of soap, which I fumbled and dropped. 

"Oh, I'm... clumsy." I giggled like a school girl and backed up against the wall. 

"It's all right," she bent to retrieve it then looked up at me, "stop acting dear." 

I watched her silently as she arose and held it out to me. 

"Hello?" she spoke quietly and placed the soap on the dish. 

"Uh... " that word was near breathless and whispered as I looked about the room then at her. 

She walked towards me, "We are two women." (she enunciated the word, 'women,' clearly,) "I am not attracted to giggling coeds." 

"Oh... " I stammered, "uh... " 

"I see you here three times a week, you work out very intensely." she complimented me gently. 

"Yes," I replied turning back to the shower, "yes, oh... " I wrung the scrubbie in the water to wet it, "where's...?" I nervously looked around the shower room then glanced to the floor. 

"Here, remember?" she reached and moved my hand gently to the soap dish, "You dropped it." She turned my hand so my palm was up.

"Oh!" I thought about her words regarding, 'acting,' and the concept, 'maturity.' 

She placed the container there. She then stroked her fingertips lightly upwards from my wrist to my elbow. 

I felt a flush of heat flow throughout my body as her fingernails trailed afterwards to the hollow of my elbow. I was instantly and obviously aroused. Breathing deeply 3 or 4 times only increased it. My moan was almost silent, almost.

"You have lovely breasts dear," she said

quietly, "and a lovely body as well, I'm sorry that my honest sexuality frightens you." 

With a very nervous laugh I interrupted, "No, no, that's not," Peripherally I saw a measure of soap drizzle from the scrubbie to the floor, 

"... really! I just don't understand," I looked down and watched the water eddying the soap into the drain. 

I looked up at her, "I mean, my god, I'm acting like," 

"That is correct." she interrupted me, "You are acting." She turned back to the shower and channelled some water onto her face. "You know what this is. Fright is natural." 

"Fright?" I said. 

"Yes!" 

She turned. She coaxed me to turn and face her. Her eyes remained looking at where mine were to be, (as I looked everywhere but at her.) I eventually looked in her eyes. 

She then referred to what I had been staring at earlier, by moving hers downward. She moved her eyes upwards again leading mine. 

It seemed as if a spot light had been shined inside me. "Many women are," she paused, 

"... the first time." 

I thought about those 3 words, silently mouthing them. 

"Fear is a doorway, come through it and find out what awaits you." She moved closer to me. 

"I own this place." she said. 

I nodded at her. 

"I closed it to be alone with you." 

I considered her words. 

"I hope you appreciate that. Would you wash me?" 

She joined me under the spray from my shower head and turned her back to me, "I appreciate you." 

She turned her head to look at me again,

"Please?" 

I moved the scrubbie to her back thinking of all of this. I placed her long hair over her shoulder and gazed at her neck and shoulders. 

I heard her soft sigh as my hands squeezed the scrubbie allowing the suds to run in minute rivulets down her back. 

I gathered the eddies lazily into swirls as I gently scrubbed. My eyes followed the criss crossing path on her soft skin. I watched the spray rinsing her skin leaving a sheen after my scrubbing. 

I lowered to my haunches to wash more of her. 

"Hmmm." she turned her head and looked over her shoulder at me. 

She then turned towards the wall and braced herself against it, "This is an invitation Dear." 

I mused, 'First time. I've waited for this, why not?' I placed the scrubbie on the floor. I moved my hand between her legs and touched her softly with the underside of my fingertips. 

She murmured quietly and shut off the shower. She stepped backwards, her legs opened more. Her back bowed slightly, head lowered. 

I folded my middle finger between her and my palm, and moved my palm. 

She moved on my hand slowly, sensually. 

I was captivated and watched her labia move. I listened to her quiet moans.

I reached around her hip to coax her body to face me then reached for her hand. 

"Just a tad bit forward aren't you dear?" she said looking down at me.

"I want to... uh... I mean, may I?" I said to her as I knelt like a supplicant in front of her.

She smiled at me, "You may." She offered her hand to me, "Please help me sit." 

I helped her. I sat beside her legs. I looked directly at her Mons Veneris. I stared at it wanting to memorize its every fold. I then looked in her eyes, with a full blush.

"Do not be ashamed by your desire young lady." 

Not sure whether or not I was hearing her or a projection of her thoughts, I reached to caress her full breasts; the softened lines, the curves, the swells. I then traced over her nipples with my fingers. 

I lowered my face to her breast, the tip of my tongue eager to lick. 

I anticipated this more than I had ever anticipated anything. "May I?"

She placed her hand on the back of my head and lowered my face to her nipple. Her other hand took my hand and placed it directly on her mound. 

Again I felt the heat of her smooth hairless skin. 

I then moved my fingers in tiny tentative circles above her vulva as I kissed her nipple. 

Her hand held my head as her breathing became deeper and more vocal accompanied with tiny whimpers of pleasure. My fingers moved over and down between her legs. 

I moved around on my knees in front of her turned my hand so my fingers pressed upon her vulva. 

I moved them slowly to savor the feeling of the bare skin of my hand, contrasted, by the wonderful difference created by her wet puffy labia and the heat of her deep desire on my knuckles. 

She moaned quietly and reached under my arms, brushing the sides of my breasts, as she clutched my back pulling me towards her. 

I laid there moving my breasts slightly side to side while kissing hers. I then licked a nipple feeling it harden. I closed my lips around it and licked all the way around it feeling it soften as my tongue moved naturally over it. 

I pressed it into the soft surrounding flesh, munched at it with my lips. Her nipple came out into my mouth demanding I suck it as her voice murmured sweet coos and whispered encouragement to me. 

She held my head moving it from one breast to the other while my breasts smeared the wet between her legs. 

I kissed and licked her nipple. She gently raised my head as I breathed in deep and caught her scent. She moved my face down, moved my hand to caress her breast, my palm over the nipple.

She knew what she wanted. She guided my head there. She raised and lowered her hips showing my tongue how to lick her, down and up. 

She pushed gently on the back of my head to help me seal my lips taking my kisses. I moved my tongue into her then up and back in a languorous manner lapping, tasting her as her wet seeped into my mouth. 

The first full taste of another woman, tangy. Then as if the source had been tapped, the next seepage immense, thick, newly textured, abundant, so sweet, so freely given. 

She held my face there dropped her hips and cried out. 

I realized I couldn't breathe and remembered to open my mouth. I gasped, inhaled her atmosphere. 

I moved my tongue into her lapping her wet into my mouth my senses being overwhelmed by the scent and taste. 

She began to move her hips wanting what I gave; my hands caressed her breasts as my tongue licked in her then on the hood of her clitoris. I licked around it, my tongue swirling and darting as she began to gasp elementally taking my shameless worship. 

Suddenly she moved forward in need clutching my head. 

Her moans and gasps became the accompaniment to her moving my face, using my tongue and mouth. 

She gasped, her voice tightened with desire, as her orgasm blessed my worship. 

Opening my eyes, (I looked up at her and saw a sight I never thought I'd see,) I felt the spasms and throbs as her moan became one long drawn out counter melody to her orgasm's pulsations. I watched the rolling movements of her body as the orgasm flowed through her. 

My mouth remained there suckling and licking. I heard delighted coos and murmurs. 

Finally after the longest time she lifted my face, "That, was your first?" 

I laid next to her, my face above her breast nuzzled there, "Yes." 

"Hmmm," she looked at me for the longest time. "there is no way I am going to take someone as delightful as you in a shower room." 

"Uh." 

"Shh!" she admonished me. "Meet me at the information desk tomorrow, 6:30 PM sharp!" 

She stood slowly so I would not plop onto the floor, then reached for my hand, "Please?" 

I stood. 

She pulled me close to her and reached to the back of my head. She kissed me on my forehead then kissed me fully on my lips, "Hmmmm, you taste sexy." 

I laughed embarrassed. 

She continued, "You're going to be very tasty and sexy tomorrow night for me. I am going to enjoy your virginity, and give you, your first. Personally." 

"Yes." I said. 

She turned and walked out in the same manner that she had entered the shower room; which is to say, like a Goddess. 

I took her scent on my lips and body home to my Husband.