 The woman was swimming in the sea again.

Rose had seen her so many times over the last few weeks that she'd lost count. Her work brought her along this quiet stretch of the beach around the same time every day, and more often that not, it was the same time the mystery woman was out there swimming. Rose had got used to seeing her and welcomed the sight. Not just because she was good to look at, but because it marked that she was almost midway through her work, about to turn around and head back down the long beach towards the town.

Rose wondered what it was that drew the woman out to this empty stretch of beach. Even on the hottest and sunniest days it was almost ethereally quiet. The holidaymakers stayed close to the town, not wanting to come down the battered old road – little more than a footpath, really - that led here, but it didn't deter the swimmer. Rose had worked out that battered old red Beetle that rested on the verge by the road was hers, and she'd pieced together her routine from the fractions she'd witnessed on her repeated passes through. She'd park the car, get out already clad in the tight black swimsuit that accentuated her curves and walk quickly down to the water's edge. There'd she crouch down and splash water over herself to acclimatise, before strolling forward into the waves for a long swim before heading quickly back to the car and towelling down, then driving away.

On days like this, Rose really wanted to join her. The sun was beating down hard and a thick patch of humidity had rolled in from inland, making the air thick and sticky, sapping energy from her. Rose's job was a simple one – she'd soon discovered that Field Research Assistant for the Marine Lab meant little more than Sample Collector – but she had to walk the length of the long beach, to the end and back, every day. Several weeks of doing that had soon worn away the initial buzz she'd had at the prospect of spending the entire summer by the seaside.

Whoever the woman was and whatever her reasons for swimming at this point every day were, she'd become one of the highlights of Rose's day. They'd only ever exchanged a few words in coincidental passings – and most of them just variants of 'hello' – but a series of casual glances had helped Rose pick up a detailed picture of her body. A swimmer's body, made of supple curves concealing powerful muscles beneath. Long dark hair that she kept loose, even in the sea, shot through with blonde streaks from the sun, and all of that framing a heart shaped face centred around gorgeous full lips. Rose guessed she was in somewhere around her mid-twenties, a few years older than her.

God, I need to get laid. Rose told herself as she caught herself daydreaming. She'd thought there'd be lots of sex by the sea, but had discovered herself caught at just the wrong age for it. At twenty-two, she was too old to play cradle snatcher and hang out with hormone-addled teenage boys and girls, but too young to find much interest in their parents, especially when they were usually lobster-red from long days in the sun with no protection. Anyone she might have been able to make a connection with obviously had better things to do than hang out in a seaside resort for the summer.

She'd had a variety of lovers in the past, both male and female, but no one in this town had caused her any excitement except for the swimming woman. And she's probably completely straight. Rose had got attention when she'd gone out on the evenings – the sun had coloured her skin a deep brown while the constant walking had burnt off the fat from her winter temp jobs and revealed her slim figure again – but not from anyone she'd even remotely considered inviting back to the poky flat the Lab had rented for her.

She squatted down on the wet sand at the edge of the sea and got ready to take another sample. It was all routine for her now. Slide the corer into the ground, rotate it around, pull out a thin tower of sand, place that in a canister, seal it, take a GPS reading and write it on the canister before stowing it in her backpack. It was another routine sample, until she realised she was in shadow and someone was standing over her.

"Hi." The swimming woman said. Rose turned her head to see she was standing right next to her, droplets of water clinging to her body, hair gripping wetly along her shoulders.

"Hi." She replied. "Nice swim?"

"Lovely. We seem to keep passing each other here, so I thought it was time I said hello properly. I'm Shauna, by the way."

"Rose." She replied, quickly stowing away the thin canister and rising up to her feet. "Nice to meet you."

"You too. I've got to admit my curiosity finally got the better of me. I keep seeing you here digging up stuff at the water's edge and can't help but wonder what you're doing."

She noticed me? Rose had always thought she looked pretty anonymous and forgettable while she was at work. "It's pretty dull, really. I'm collecting soil samples. They're all part of a study into how tides affect organisms in the beach."

"Really? You're researching that?"

"Not me personally. Well, not yet, anyway. I just collect the samples and then they get taken off to the lab. Maybe I'll get a promotion to doing some actual science if I stick at it, though. There are a lot worse jobs I could be doing."

"Definitely. So are you going to be doing this for a while?"

"I've got a three month contract, so still two months or so to go. What about you? What brings you down here so often?"

"I've been coming here for years. I live in town, and swimming in the sea's my favourite exercise, but when all the tourists are here, it's hard to find any space, so I come where they aren't."

"And what do you do when you're not swimming?"

"Well...when I asked what you were doing, it wasn't just idle curiosity. I run a restaurant down by the harbour. Well, my family owns it, but I'm the manager."

"Which one?" Rose asked. There were several around there, and she'd been in a few, but it was hard to remember their names or the differences between them.

"Metcalfe's Catch. We specialise in fresh local seafood, so I was worried you might be checking pollution levels, about to shut us down."

"Nothing to worry about there." Rose smiled. "At least not from me." She was thinking about the places she'd been in, and didn't remember any of them offering much beyond several varieties of fish and chips. She was sure she'd never seen Shauna anywhere but here too. Rose was glad she had her sunglasses on, hoping that they were obscuring her eyes enough to stop Shauna noticing how her gaze kept flicking downward to where the swimsuit gripped her large round breasts.

"That's good. Why don't you stop in the restaurant some time?"

"I'd love to. What's fresh at the moment?"

"Let me think – we've got some great lobster, all sorts of crab, gorgeous prawns..."

Rose had definitely never been there in her stay and wondered how she'd missed it, now Shauna was listing things she loved to try. "Do you have oysters?" She asked. "I love them."

"Do you now?" Shauna asked, smiling. "We do, but not in the summer. It's traditional."

"What? Aren't tourists allowed them?"

"No, not that. You've never heard that you shouldn't eat oysters when there's not an 'r' in the month?" Rose shook her head. "It's when they're meant to be bad for you, so you'll have to hang around till September if you want some."

"But what if I can't wait till then?" Rose pouted a little, then grinned.

"I'm sure I can find you a suitable alternative." Shauna said, leaning slightly forward. "I'm a fan of them too."

Oh hell, why not? Rose told herself. Shauna was the first person she'd properly fancied since she'd come to this town. Might as well take the chance after that flirtation.

Rose echoed Shauna's movement, moving herself forward so their lips met. She could feel her heart jumping as she did it, that sudden panic that she might have misread the signals, that Shauna was just someone who really like seafood, but then she felt the other woman's lips yield to hers, parting slightly. Rose felt herself relax and let herself enjoy the moment, tasting the sea salt on Shauna's lips, letting her hands briefly stroke over the other woman's body before they pulled apart, both smiling at the other.

"I knew you were checking me out." Shauna said. "I should have come and said hello a lot sooner. Tell me you'll be free soon."

"I've got to get some more samples on the way back." Rose said. "Then meet the guy who picks them up. But I can be at the harbour by five."

"Five it is, then. And we can have a proper feast together."

#

At five o'clock, she'd normally be heading back to her little flat, wondering what meagre meal for one she might feel like eating. It felt much better to be heading towards the harbour, wondering which of the buildings there was Metcalfe's Catch and why she hadn't noticed it before. She soon discovered why. It was right on the edge of the harbour - way past all the more obvious tourist traps she'd been in - a long and low wooden building, painted in a red that had likely been bright once but was now weathered by the sun and sea. It didn't look like much from a distance, but as she closed on it, she realised there was a lot of noise coming from within, and a lot of other people, many of them locals rather than tourists, heading the same way.

Rose had worried for a moment about whether she'd be dressed suitably for the place, feeling too excited at the prospect of seeing Shauna again to go home and change, but then she saw the crowds heading into it still clad in their beach wear and realised she'd likely be overdressed if anything. As she walked down towards the building, she took off her cap and sunglasses, untying her dark hair and letting it fall loosely down her back.

The place was already buzzing as she walked in, all the tables looking full with families, couples and groups of friends talking and laughing over menus or big plates of food. A rich smell of fish and seafood permeated the air, reminding Rose how hungry she could get after a day walking to and fro in the sun. She looked around for a moment, her eyes adjusting to the dimmer indoor light, trying to spot Shauna.

"Hi." A familiar voice came, and Rose smiled as Shauna walked over from a table where she'd just been seating a family group. Her hair was dry now, and Rose could see it was wavy and naturally dark, but had been streaked blonde by the sun. The long halter-neck black dress she wore revealed enough of her curves to whet Rose's appetite without revealing too much for her to look unprofessional. "So glad you could make it." She lent in to kiss Rose's cheek like they were old friends, then murmured into her ear. "I hope you're as hungry as I am."

"Definitely." Rose said, enjoying the faint citrus smell of Shauna's perfume. "Are you sure you don't need to work? You look pretty busy."

"Don't worry about that, I've got us a very nice private table, and they can manage fine without me unless there's an absolute catastrophe. Follow me."

They skirted around the edge of the restaurant, Rose wondering where there might be a private table in the open-plan space, but then realised that Shauna's destination was a discreet staircase in the corner. It led up to a small landing with two doorways marked Private and Staff Only, and Shauna casually led them through the one marked Private.

Rose smiled as she walked into the apartment that was concealed behind the door. It was a converted attic, wide-open with a kitchen in one corner, a living area in another and a large bed taking up most of a third. There was a small round table set up in the centre of the room, all the space on it filled with a selection of plates from the restaurant, along with a bottle of white wine chilling in a bucket of ice.

"Wow." Was all Rose could think to say, looking around then smiling at Shauna.

"It's my apartment." Shauna said. "But sometimes, it's nice to invite someone up for a meal where we can be alone together."

The food looked very tempting, but there was something Rose needed to do first. She moved over to Shauna, wrapping her arms around her and feeling Shauna's hands slide around her back at the same time. This time the kiss they shared was longer and more passionate, their bodies pressed together as their hands explored each other.

"So are you hungry?" Shauna asked.

"That depends what there is to eat."

"Everything nice from the menu, all freshly caught today."

"As freshly caught as me?"

Shauna laughed. "Yes, and maybe even as tasty."

"You know what?" Rose asked, her grin matching Shauna's. "I'm really hungry for oysters right now. How about you?"

"I am too."

Shauna's hands had been on Rose's hips and now her fingers started to move, sliding under her loose shirt and skittering over the small of her back. Rose purred in response, kissing Shauna harder, her own hands moving down to grip the soft curves of Shauna's rear. She could feel the material of the dress sliding up and down as they moved, but nothing else appeared to be between it and the other woman's skin, a thought that got Rose even more aroused.

She could feel Shauna tugging at her shirt, drawing it up, and she reluctantly moved her hands away, holding her arms in the air to let the shirt be pulled off and discarded. Almost before it hit the floor, Shauna's hands were on Rose's back, her fingers deftly undoing her plain white bra and sliding it off, smiling as Rose's pert breasts were exposed, the dark nipples already hardening.

Shauna's hands cupped underneath Rose's breasts as Rose moved her hands back to Shauna's body. As they kissed again, their tongues almost fighting each other in their urgency, she shuddered as Shauna's thumbs glanced over her nipples, each sending tiny sparks of pleasure through her. Her hands rested on Shauna's hips, her fingers steadily working to draw up the soft cotton of the long black dress, feeling it bunch against her palms as she strived to see what, if anything, Shauna was wearing beneath it.

Rose still felt hungry, but that was being masked by the butterflies of desire that were swarming in her stomach. Shauna was still using just her thumbs to brush the exposed nipples, but each glancing touch, every time she circled the areola with the tip of her perfect nail, sent more messengers of pleasure running through her body. She moaned into the kiss they shared, desperate for more.

More and more of the dress was gathering in her hands as her fingers pulled it up. Then, Rose felt her fingers grabbing at nothing for a brief moment, then they were gliding over the soft warm skin of Shauna's hips. Gripping it tightly, she pulled away from the kiss, tongues and lips still lingering on each other for a brief moment before she started kissing down along Shauna's exposed neck and shoulders. She responded by rubbing harder with her thumbs, fingers dancing under the curve of Rose's breasts, her nipples now standing proudly erect, each touch the centre of a gorgeous wave of pleasure that rippled through her body.

The dress supported Shauna's ample breasts with no need for a bra, and Rose happily kissed over them, her tongue tickling the low valley between them before she pulled back and smiled.

"Time for an oyster." She said huskily, letting her legs gently buckle beneath her as she fell to her knees, balancing herself on Shauna's hips, still holding the dress in place there.

As Rose had suspected, she had worn nothing underneath it. She could see the same curvy and lightly tanned legs she'd ogled before, smiling and licking her lips as Shauna slowly parted them. There was a V of lighter flesh above them, like an arrow pointing Rose to her destination. She could feel Shauna's hands on her head, not pulling her in, but instead merely gently stroking her fingers through her hair. Rose let herself fall slightly forward, tilting on her knees so that her lips landed on Shauna's soft mound, kissing her way slowly down through her neatly trimmed bush.

Shauna's fingers flowed along Rose's bare shoulders, then drew little patterns on her toned arms. As her hands came to rest on top of Rose's, taking up the gathered hem of the dress, her legs parted more, like an oyster shell being cracked open, ready to be eaten.

Rose moved down, breathing softly on Shauna's pearl, but not touching it with any part of her just yet. Her tongue slipped between her lips and she heard Shauna echo her own moan as it ran softly along her already moist lips. Rose let go of the dress as Shauna pulled it upwards, letting her hands go back to roaming over her new lover's body, her fingers caressing the ridge of Shauna's spine as they traversed her back.

Rose glanced upwards as her tongue trailed back and forth along the sensuous lips. Shauna was carefully pulling the dress up over her breasts, freeing them from its support as she tugged it up and over her head, casting it away in the same direction as Rose's shirt and bra. Rose growled with delight as she saw saw Shauna's full, round breasts hanging above her, her large nipples already swelling with pleasure.

"Eat me." Shauna said, her hands moving to those gorgeous breasts, and Rose didn't need another invitation to dine. Her hands moved to the bare cheeks of Shauna's behind, gripping the perfect rounds and pulling them closer together, her tongue slipping deep into the soft folds, her senses filling with Shauna's rich and sensual aroma.

Shauna's moans urged Rose on, and she lapped with her tongue, her mouth filling with Shauna's taste. She moved her lips as well as her tongue as though she were deep kissing Shauna's gorgeous pussy and feeding on her wetness.

Shauna was rocking with the pleasure, and Rose could hear her moans and cries echoing around the apartment. For a brief moment she wondered if they could be heard downstairs, or if anyone passing along the harbour could see the two of them. What would they think of her, kneeling between the legs of a woman she'd only met a few hours ago? Then Shauna moaned again, an echo of the way her body quaked with pleasure from Rose's tongue, and she forgot about anything outside of the room.

Her tongue kept moving inside Shauna as Rose moved her right hand around over the other woman's hip, her fingers tracing over the downy mound to find her clit, gently stroking and teasing it, drawing it out of hiding like a fabulous pearl drawn from an oyster shell. Shauna's moans got louder, the gaps between them shorter, and Rose could tell she was close.

"Yes!" Shauna cried out, the final 's' drawn out into a long crying hiss as her pleasure rocketed through her. Her hands moved down to grip Rose's shoulders as she attempted to keep her balance. Rose kept her tongue and fingers moving in unison, knowing it would send wave after wave of pleasure through Shauna.

Eventually, Shauna could take no more, and she staggered backwards from Rose, bending over and gulping in air, her body flushed with effort. "Oh wow, you're amazing." Rose just smiled and remained kneeling, slowly licking her lips, feeling the coolness on her face as the remnants of Shauna's wetness dried.

Shauna held her hands out, and Rose took them, letting herself be gently pulled up to her feet and then into Shauna's arms. She felt Shauna's breasts push against her chest, the soft flesh pressing behind the stiff nipples, as they kissed.

"I'm hungry for you now." Shauna said, directing Rose towards the bed as they embraced. Rose didn't resist, eagerly pulling Shauna along with her, and then falling backwards onto it, feeling it yield softly to her. As soon as she fell, Shauna was leaning over her, hands down at Rose's waist, undoing her shorts and sliding them down, while Rose kicked off her sandals. As Shauna tugged at her shorts, Rose pulled herself further up the bed, letting them slide quickly off and away from her, now clad solely in her plain white panties.
