 I wake very early in the morning shivering slightly and find myself almost naked. My top is pulled underneath my breasts and my pyjama bottoms are around my knees. My lips taste strange and my mouth is dry.

I look at Iris sleeping, her face turned towards me. Her hair falls over the pillows. She looks pretty when she sleeps. She's pretty anyway, but sleeping, she's like an angel. 

I smile and rest my hand on my breast, I tweak my nipple and bite my bottom lip. I had such a strange dream last night, maybe I made myself naked.

I think back to my dream, to Iris playing with my clit, her fingers slipping inside of me. Finger fucking me. Yes. I probably did this to myself.

I slide a finger between my lips and feel how wet I am, then casually slide my finger up and down while thinking about my dream. I glance towards the sleeping beauty and feel myself get wetter. I dip a finger into my pussy and work it around inside of me. Rolling onto my stomach I place my clit against my palm and slide a second finger into myself, I push against my palm. Ohhh. 

My clit rubs against my palm and I shudder each time, enjoying the shiver that it gives me. My movements get faster and I remind myself that I need to be-careful. I don't want to wake her. I look at her again and imagine her fingers in me. I peek under the covers and moan quietly as I devour her with my eyes. Her pyjamas are tiny, they barely cover her gorgeous body. I wiggle my fingers inside of me and I want more. I need more.

"Oh!" I gasp, suddenly remembering the dildo that's sat in my nightbag, just in case I got horny and needed a release.

I slide myself out of bed and quietly unzip my bag I pop the dildo in my mouth and roll my tongue around it, lubing it up with my saliva. 

I glance around the room and spot a stool, that'll do. I pull the stool to the end of the bed and strap the dildo to it so that the head is pointing skywards. 

Biting my lip, I spread my legs and use the edge of the bed to hold me up. My back is turned to Iris. I don't want to watch her sleep while I do this. She's too tempting.

I settle my pussy at the tip of the dildo and gasp as I slide myself down onto it. I don't want to cause too much movement on the bed so I start slowly, sliding myself up and don on the shaft, moving quietly as I push it further into me.

I take one hand off the bed and use my fingers to rub my clit. I start with a feathery touch until my cunt feels like it's on fire then I start to rub at it furiously. I pick up the pace, moving myself up and down on the dildo faster, harder. I slam myself onto the dildo, until I feel the stool touch my skin and I grunt as I feel a shiver take over my body. I moan, quite loudly, then remembering where I am, I spin my head to check on Iris.

Good. She's still asleep, but she has moved slightly. Her top has moved down slightly, revealing the curve of her breasts, one of her nipples peaks out. I moan at the sight of her and find myself more turned on then before. Far too much. 

I pull myself off the dildo and walk towards her. I lower my head and pull her top further down. I run a finger over her nipple until it hardens then I place my lips around it and suck it hard. 

It looks like she'll be the one dreaming tonight.

I smile as I nip her erect nipple with my teeth. I pull the covers down and gently remove her pyjama shorts. I'm not thinking straight. But I don't care.

I have to do this.

My pussy tingles more, urging me on. 

I walk back to the stool and unstrap the dildo. Placing it on myself, I smile and place myself between her legs.

I press the head of the dildo against her shaved pussy. Her clit winks at me with each movement, teasing me so I cover it with a finger and begin to play. I lower my head to her breasts and clamp my mouth around the one nipple that's out. Pushing against her slightly harder, I feel the tip of the dildo hit her entrance, but it doesn't slide in.

I rub at her clit harder and press my full body against hers. Her skin feels good underneath me. My breasts and pushed against hers, my stomach on hers, my cock on her pussy.

I bury my head into her neck and lick just below her earlobe.

I force the dildo against her cunt and with a harder thrust it slips inside her and I sigh with happiness. I place a hand on her breast, my head pushed against the pillows and I move myself in and out of her. 

She moans slightly and I feel her try to shift underneath me. I freeze. She breathes deeply then settles back down, her body still again.

I pick up the pace. I want to cum, but I can't wake her. Dammit, I want to make her cum.

I push the dildo into her harder and harder until I feel her pussy touch my thigh. I've pushed my artificial cock deep into her cunt. I moan.

I thrust against her, not bringing any of my cock out of her pussy , and I groan as each thrust puts pressure on my clit. I place a hand underneath me and rest a finger on my clit, increasing the pressure.

I bite her neck gently as I feel my orgasm coming. I shiver and grunt into the pillow as I ram myself into her harder and harder. I squeeze her breast viciously, kneading it for all I can. I moan out loudly and thrust myself into her once more before my orgasm runs through my whole body and I collapse on top of her.

I breathe deeply and try to catch my breath. My dildo still insider her, my hand still on her breast. 

I lay there for almost a minute, breathing deeply before I rise and begin to slowly pull the dildo out of her.

"Fuck" She whispers.