 The plans for us four to spend a long weekend at Jim and Bonnie's cabin kept changing. First Bonnie and I ended up going in to work Friday, so Jim and my husband Bob went up early Friday morning without us and we were to come up after work. Next Jim called to tell us a blizzard was hitting the cabin and that we shouldn't come up Until Saturday. I told Bonnie that we should just spend the night together and then leave early in the morning. Bonnie loved this idea, saying it'll be like a slumber party except this time we'll have wine.

We got to my place around five, had a nice dinner and a lot of wine. After dinner, we changed into nighties to go to bed early and then we sat watching some old movie while we finished the wine. I knew we had drunk too much from the way we were laughing so much but by then I didn't care. 

"You know Donna we have so much more fun when the boys aren't around, I swear if it wasn't for the sex and to take out the trash I wouldn't miss Jim a bit."

"Long as I got fresh batteries I don't even need Bob for sex and to tell the truth he's not too good at emptying trash either."

I meant it as a joke by when Bonnie agreed with me it got us talking about the shortcomings of married life.

"Bobby's got such a little wiener it's not worth the effort or the cleanup after. I find it so much easier to just give him a bj and then when he rolls over to fall asleep I pull out Tyrone to satisfy me."

"Your hubby's size challenged too? I keep kidding Jim by asking if it's in yet, but honey I'm not kidding. So I'm guessing by the name you vibe is black."

"Oh yeah he black and big and always gets me off, unlike some people who live in this house. Ya wanna see it, come on in the bed room; I keep it tucked under my pillow."

I felt a little self-conscious; when she took it from my hand to inspect it, and I embarrassingly told her I hadn't cleaned it since the last time I used it. What she did next not only changed our weekend it changed my life. Bonnie put my dildo to her lips and licked it, I'm sure my mouth fell open as I watched her lick my toy. I felt a jolt go right to my groin and I felt her action gave me the freedom to do something I had wanted to do for a long time. I leaned over and kissed her, she responded by holding my kiss as we pulled close in an embrace. It's not as if I've never kissed a girl before but this felt so good, her lips were full and sensuous, plus no scratchy beard like Bob. I could feel Bonnie's aroused nipples up against my own and it made me wonder if her panties were getting as wet as mine were. I pushed her down on my bed, she laid there smiling, and then she pulled her nighty up to expose those luscious boobs. I crawled on the bed then straddled her and as she offered her breast to me, I hungrily put my lips to it. She ran her fingers through my hair as she told me how wondrous it felt, as for me I hadn't felt this sexed up in years.

I took off my top so we could be breast to breast and we began kissing again. Bonnie begged me to take my panties off so she could taste me but I insisted in taking hers off first. Then as I took mine off, I watched her put her hand between her legs, and it made my pussy gush more. I pried her legs apart and started to put my face in the middle of her but she stopped me to ask that I turn around and we ended up in the classic sixty-nine position. 

Like I stated before I have been with a woman before but as I found myself enjoying the scents and tastes of Bonnie I began to wonder why I had stopped doing this. I felt Bonnie's mouth on my clit and shuddered in orgasm. It is so true that a woman can pleasure you so much more than a man can. I then felt something against my arm and recognized it as my dildo; I picked it up and began to work it into her pussy. Slowly at first and as I heard her moan I increased my movement and then I turned it on to give her a gigantic orgasm.

I couldn't even count the number of orgasms I had before we finally quit, due to exhaustion more than anything else, and we slept the rest of the night naked, curled up in each other's arms. When I awoke, I was concerned that Bonnie might feel a little uncomfortable with what we did the night before but when she woke, the first thing she did was kiss my breast. It didn't take us long to start up right where we left off the night before. As Bonnie lie between my legs making love to me with her tongue I stroked her hair and told her how much I loved the way she made me feel. After I came for about the third time, she lay down beside me and we kissed and let our nipples rub against each other. I told her how much I enjoyed tasting me on her lips. She hugged me again then said,

"Donna we should be getting ready to go but I just can't seem to get enough of your pussy." 

"Come on Bonnie what's your hurry the boys can wait let's do it one more time." 

Even making love again, we managed to leave early enough to get to the cabin by late morning. Bobby looked at me strangely after I kissed him and I wondered if he could taste Bonnie's sweet pussy on my lips but if he did, he said nothing. It was a strange weekend as if we were all hiding something and I even wondered to myself if maybe the boys had some women up but then I realized that with the blizzard that was impossible.

Maybe I hadn't noticed it before but our husbands seem to do a lot of things together, which made it great for Bonnie and me for as soon as they went off, we would get together to get off. How long can we keep up this charade? Forever I hope and even when Bonnie suggested we include the boys in our lovemaking, I told her I didn't want to share her with Bob.