 I don't always have any such thoughts of being with another female, but when I do, it's like an inferno. Today just may be a new lustful thermometer one only reads about In Fiction. Only this day was real!

I saw from my window, Sandy, walking up the steps to my Gold Coast Home. Sandy is my morning study partner in Homeopathy. I still hadn't brushed up on any of that week's homework - maybe Sandy can catch me up.

The door bell rings. I rush down the stairs to greet my brand new visitor. "Hi Sandy, come on in", I say with a grin from cheek to cheek as she passes right through my open and marbled passageway. "Oh My God! - What a wonderful home you have Miss Saunders." 

"Call me Jennifer, please", we walked right on through and into the kitchen area. "What can I get you Sandy?" I heard no response, only the view of Sandy standing at the kitchen window staring out the window with the widest and most precious innocence of wonder."

Sandy was lost in the view and mesmerised by the reality of the most beautiful outdoor area she has ever laid eyes upon. The fresh lush greenery meandering over a yellow brick pathway down to the most gorgeous swimming pool she has ever seen. A swimming pool of rock and a waterfall that gently wetted the rocky outer skirts of a swimming pool one could only dream of.

"Oh My", Sandy could eventually muster into words, "I've never seen such a..." - I interrupted, "Such a beautiful day it would be a crime not to be out there not enjoying, and studying our notes together with a Splash Of iced strawberry and lime to boot?". As I passed the glass to her our fingers gently met and our eyes locked properly for the first time.

Sandy took the glass and sipped as she turned again her eyes of wonder at the paradise outside. I sipped as well as I joined her standing there in enchantment. Seeing this world through Sandy's Eyes was wonderful - I needed this glimpse of such innocence and wonder. I needed this presence and openness more than I ever thought I did. 

We both stood there maybe a touch longer than I normally would with a visitor - without even saying a word. The sudden ease I felt and shared of just saying nothing. No need for small talk, talk that was only unnatural, awkward - we slowly just sipped as we both looked over the whole yard but especially the mesmerising rock pool below.

Sandy's Eyes were hazel and her cheeks were full, full of softness that only a woman as myself could notice as from one woman to another could appreciate the wondrous female standing only two feet away. Somehow, for some strange reason I could see myself in her. She brought me back, back to a time when all was new. 

I turned and smiled to her and soothingly said, "How about we dangle our legs in the pool, it just may help us concentrate a touch more?". Right then I saw a new fresh look on her eyes, cheeks and lips. She involuntarily swallowed as she was taken aback by my soft generosity and unabashed forwardness only a woman could trace.

Sitting as we did, by the idyllic and soft-felt splash and spray of a palm-shaded pool area I was so blessed and touched that I could share. A moment with her. A young twenties woman that sat only inches away. I couldn't believe how close we sat. We were literally touching as we took in the splash and spray. 

I've never been this close to another woman let alone one that was so attractive and inviting as she gently grinned at the view and energy we undoubtedly shared. It was clear. I was in another world. She was in another world. Together we even breathed in together. I turned to her - she was already turned slightly and smiling at me with a new look - a look of something only I understood.

"Sandy, I really appreciate you coming ov...", she broke my sentence and held my hand. My heart beat of new tremor skipped as I held her hand back. So naturally we held hands. We were both reasonably comfortable in our shorts and tank tops - coincidental enough our tank tops were both white. I could feel her gaze on my boobs as I felt a new pulse from the grip of her hand. For some strange reason I was not at all shocked or nervous as she brought her other hand up and touched my boob.

Sandy ever so softly cupped my motherly boob. My boobs being in such good shape for a woman in her mid forties and having the luxury of time and money to pamper myself as I did, none of this was lost on this young twenties and beautiful woman. My breathing quickened as we just sat there. She cupped my boob and slowly fiddled with my nipple.

I had to kiss. I so needed to kiss. As I was even just thinking these sentences she brought her lips to mine. Our mouths opened as we perfectly kissed. I've never kissed another woman before. I never even imagined such a perfect kiss could exist. Our legs were still dangling in the water as we tongue kissed each other for the longest time.

The splash and spray from the waterfall only added to such magic of our wet mouths and tongues slipping over one another. Our mouths were becoming so wet and messy with each other's wetness she then lifted my tank top to expose my boobs. My boobs became hers as we tongue pash kissed again. My mouth felt like it was home as I explored her entire mouth.

Both her hands now were on my both boobs. I stared into her eyes as I felt for the first time another woman's young boobs. Her boobs were a lot smaller than mine, a lot firmer than mine. Her boobs belonged to ME! I tenderly held both of them, I needed both of them between my thumb and fingers, her nipples were so hard - I knew what I wanted next.

Our mouths slopped against one another. I so much had to have the rest of her but I still needed her mouth as much and even more so than ever. I needed to make her boobs soaking wet. We rearranged ourselves by the pool in such a way that we could in effect sixty nine each other's boobs at the same time.

I was above her, my boob I lowered into her mouth. She took my boob ever so naturally into her young and hungry mouth, I reciprocated lovingly and took as much of her small boob into my mouth as I could take. I moved to her other boob and she did the same. I moved my hand slowly down and into her shorts. 

Oh My Gosh, my boobs were getting the best sucking I have ever experienced and even ever imagined. My big breasts hung down and fed her. I felt I was even lactating and dribbling into her mouth - I think I was - I know I was. Such electricity I have never experienced before nor even dreamed of. Such a tort body that lay right beneath me, offering herself up to me.

I had to now explore further. I had to now ever so slowly go to her shorts and her underpants. I needed to be one with what was inside her underpants. I could tell. I could feel in the air that she needed to share with me what was inside her underpants. I unbuttoned her shorts top button and then her fly. She wriggled a touch in anticipation of a more mature woman accessing her most intimate area.

Down came her shorts. Only as far as a few inches though. This somehow felt far sexier and kinkier to have her somehow still dressed as I drank in the view of her beautiful and freshly shaved vagina. With her legs together I admired her partly showing vagina. I wanted more. I needed more. "Let's turn you around dear". I let slip out quite naturally.

Sandy was now on her knees with her bottom presented to me. I couldn't take my eyes off this incredible and delicious sight. I had my hands on each side of her shorts and underpants, keeping her sexy shorts at the perfect height. Her bottom seemed to be even a little more spread now than usual. 

All this taboo of a lusty and lesbian morning under a humid and electric-filled juncture. Any woman with as little lesbian experience as mine wouldn't quite know what to do next. This morning was obviously an exception to the rule. I made myself as comfortable as possible as I enjoyed this little ass pointed right at me.

An extra confidence and power just came over me now, I caressed her buttocks ever so gently and lowered my mouth to her bottom. I lick up and down. I heard her moan. I kept on licking - making her so wet between her ass cheeks. My tongue for some reason now roamed and kept coming back to rest right on her naughty and welcoming asshole.

I gently pushed my tongue against that glorious hole and she eventually relaxed her ass muscles for me to enter. A little touch by a little touch I was pushing my tongue inside this beautiful young woman. The more I pushed the more she relaxed. I caress all the way down her back, then around to her little hard boobs, and then back around to her whole beautiful frame of a woman.

I now held my tongue inside her as now she gently pushed back on my tongue as we fucked. Her ass was fucking me in the most dirty way. Nothing in the world has ever lured me onto this type of sexual activity as this lesbian ass that was fucking my mature and loving tongue. Now was the time I remove her shorts and underpants completely. Now was the time I tongue fuck a cunt, or more precisely - time for a cunt to fuck my tongue.

Off came her shorts and underpants. I turn her around onto her back and spread her legs wide. I observe her welcoming cunt. I lower myself now onto this perfect cunt and my mouth takes in as much of her cunt as I could muster. I gently massage her belly as I can now taste her whole vagina. Her whole vagina is seeping wet into my mouth

She is so delicious. I now lower my mouth all the way down to her asshole again and tongue her hole a little more, then back to her wet and wonderful cunt. She is feeding me her cunt. She is leaking into my mouth and I'm loving her every drop. 

Sandy, my lover, now starts to quiver and shake as I now have my tongue right against her G-Spot. I gently fondle the entrance to her asshole with my index finger and thumb - this makes her go wild, an inferno opens in her. I massage her boob now as I own her whole ass and cunt. She is surrendering her whole womanhood to me. Feeding me. I'm drinking her. 

She is exploding now as she squirts now around my tongue and down my throat. Shaking and shivering for a long while and eventually she goes weak. Her hands now slowly embrace my cheeks as she lovingly - with no words - suggest to me it is my turn. Before I knew it I was slowly lowering myself over this incredibly beautiful face. 

I look down and we have complete eye contact. I love her wonderful eyes. Her mouth makes me weak at the knees as she now explores my womanhood, enters my womanhood with her wettest of wet mouths and tongues. I want this moment to last forever as we stop for a moment in time - her finger against my anus, her tongue up inside my cunt as I can feel my early threshold of orgasm is racing in my direction.