 The first time I met her she wasn't even trying. Jeans, old trainers and a black vest top. Her messed-up pink hair almost made her glow. She was by far the most beautiful woman in the room. I stood across the room from her, leaning against a wall with my beer in hand. Losing the thread of the conversation I was having as I watched her. She finished her drink and leaned over to place her empty glass on a table, giving me a great view of her ample cleavage in the low-cut top.

Our eyes met for a second before she turned back to her friends, a hand in each of her back pockets. Her forearms forming an arrow pointing to her round, perfect arse. I imagined moving up behind her, cupping my hands round those perfect cheeks, pressing myself against her. I tore my gaze away, forcing myself to concentrate on the conversation happening around me. I drank, and tried to listen to my friends, but my mind kept wandering back to the way the fabric of her jeans hugged her flesh, how her hands in her back pockets emphasised her breasts, how she exuded an air of confidence most of us could only dream of.

I needed to distract myself, so I strode over to the window and began rolling a cigarette. Perching awkwardly on the windowsill as I lit up, I sensed someone standing behind me. I turned and saw her, smiling at me as she licked the paper to finish her own cigarette. Placing the tip in the corner of her mouth, she patted her pockets before grinning apologetically at me.

"Can I borrow your lighter?" she asked, taking the cigarette between two fingers. I held it out to her and she leaned over towards the flame, closing her eyes as she inhaled. The tip of her cigarette glowed into life and she leaned back, holding the smoke in her lungs for a moment before blowing it towards me. She settled herself next to me on the windowsill, the bare flesh of her arms goosepimpled from the cold breeze. She shifted slightly so that our arms pressed against each other and I turned to look into her bright, blue eyes. She smiled, and took another drag on her cigarette.

"Enjoying the party?" I asked, trying to sound as confident as she looked. She gazed around the room for a moment before answering.

"It's ok," she said. "I'm Kirsten, by the way."

"Hannah," I replied, holding out my hand. She shook it, locking her eyes onto mine, holding on just a fraction too long. She smiled and raised the cigarette to her lips again. I was mesmerised by the way she flicked her lip ring with her tongue whenever she took a drink. I wanted to lean over and kiss her, to taste the smoke on her lips and the whisky on her tongue. 

We talked idly as we smoked, I laughed at her jokes, she commiserated with me on my recent breakup. She looked straight into my eyes as we chatted, so that I was almost lost in those deep orbs of blue.

She leaned over me to flick her spent cigarette out of the window. I felt her breasts press against my mine and glimpsed the top of her smooth, pale buttocks as her jeans slid down slightly. I smelled the intoxicating mixture of whisky and smoke combined with her natural, earthy, musky scent. 

I couldn't help but notice how much closer to me she positioned herself when she straightened up. She looked into my eyes and I could feel her warm, whisky-scented breath on my face. She moved her hand to the small of my back and applied just enough pressure to give me the courage to move my lips the two short inches to hers. She tasted even better than she smelled. I pulled her closer to me and sucked her lip ring, biting playfully. She flicked her tongue against mine and twirled her fingers in my hair, tugging gently until I broke off the kiss.

"Wait five minutes then come upstairs. Second door on the left." She looked back coyly over her shoulder as she walked away from me, grinning as she caught me staring at her arse.

I stood up and walked to the kitchen as casually as I could. Finding two glasses and a bottle of whisky I'd stashed earlier, I headed for the stairs, full of anticipation about what awaited me behind the second door on the left.

It was dark in the upstairs hallway. With the whisky bottle and glasses clutched precariously in my right hand, I ran my left along the rough wall until I reached the second door. Knocking softly, I entered and closed the door quietly behind me. I turned to face the dimly lit room. There were mirrored wardrobes to my right, and the bed straight ahead of me. To my left was a desk and I placed the drinks there before turning my attention to the woman lounging seductively on the bed.

I couldn't help but return her cool, confident grin as she patted the bed beside her. I carefully poured a generous measure of whisky into each glass, handing one to her as I perched awkwardly next to her. 

"This is good", she said, sipping the whisky.

"It's Talisker," I replied. "It was a birthday present. From my ex. Bastard."

A few months before that party, the man I had planned to spend the rest of my life with had decided he didn't feel the same way about me anymore. I was still bitter but in the last few weeks I'd finally gained the presence of mind to realise that I hadn't been happy with him. He was tall, dark, handsome and boring. And I didn't want that. 

So far, Kirsten was far from boring. Her eyes met mine as she took another sip. I watched as she set her glass down on the bedside table and opened a drawer to retrieve tobacco and cigarette papers. I was transfixed by her fingers as they deftly rolled the cigarette into a thin, white tube. I was mesmerised by her wet, pink tongue as she licked the edge of the paper. She never broke eye contact as her tongue ran along the length of the cigarette. I imagined how that tongue might feel tracing around my nipples, over my breasts, down over my stomach...

My imagination was running riot just watching her perform this simple task. She held the cigarette out to me as she made a second for herself, and reached back into the drawer for a lighter. I leaned towards her and she lit my cigarette. I inhaled deeply as she tucked a strand of my long, dark hair behind my ear. Her touch was like electricity on my skin.

We sat in silence for a time, watching each other smoking, sipping our whisky. I loved the way her lips puckered around her cigarette as she inhaled, revealing a small dimple in her left cheek. I couldn't get over how effortlessly beautiful she was. From the curve of her hips to her round, full breasts, from her everyday clothing to her flawless face, free of make-up, she was perfect. 

I finished my cigarette and kicked my boots off for something to do while she finished hers. When I arose I found her gazing intently at me.

"I love your earrings", she said, reaching out to touch one of the silver lego blocks dangling from my ears. Her face was inches from mine and I held still as she examined my earring, heart racing at the thought of her so close to me. Her hand moved from my ear down the side of my cheek to my chin, lifting my mouth towards her. And then she was kissing me. Her lips were soft and perfect on mine and I returned the kiss with relish. Her tongue darted into my mouth and her arms wrapped around me, pulling me on top of her as she lay back on the bed. My hands found her breasts, much larger than my own, and squeezed them gently as her hands caressed my back, my ass, my thighs. 

I was already wet between my legs when her hand reached my crotch, rubbing back and forth over my jeans. My hips ground into her in response, craving more of her touch. She bit my lip and tugged it playfully, smiling that seductive smile as her other hand slid up underneath my top, pushing my bra up over my small, pert breasts, flicking and twirling my nipple between her fingers. My mouth moved away from hers, tracing circles across her skin with my tongue, until I was close enough to lick and nibble her earlobe. I gasped and ground my hips harder into her hand as she pinched my nipple between her fingers, the sudden jolt of pain sending a hot, tingling sensation to my dripping pussy.

"You're wearing too many clothes," I whispered in her ear. My earlier nervousness had evaporated as my arousal increased. 

She laughed. "I'm not the only one."

We sat up and I wrapped my legs around so that I was sitting in her lap. Her breasts bounced free as I pulled her top over her head and unclipped her red, lacy bra. My own was already on the floor. Her tits were exquisite - full, round, suckable perfection. Her small pink nipples stood erect on her porcelain skin. I bent down and lightly flicked my tongue across one as I felt her hands slide down my flat stomach. Her fingers deftly unbuttoned my jeans, sliding inside the waistband of my black lace underwear. My teeth grazed one nipple as I circled my tongue around it, my hand reached up to cup her other breast, squeezing its fullness and eliciting a deliciously soft moan of pleasure just as she slid her middle finger through my wet slit. I shuddered as the tip of her finger came to rest on my clit. Slowly, her finger rubbed back and forth across it, and I sucked harder and faster on her nipple, willing her to match my pace as the sensations spread from my pussy, heat radiating across my whole body. 

She pulled her nipple from my mouth so that she could tug my jeans and panties over my hips to join the growing pile of discarded clothing next to the bed. She undid her own jeans and I cupped her perfect ass in my hands as she pulled them off. We knelt facing each other on the bed as she pulled me in to another deep, passionate kiss. My hands kneaded her firm ass as she slid one knee forward, forcing her thigh between my legs, grinding it into my pussy. I rocked my hips in rhythm, feeling my clit rubbing into her thigh, thrusting harder and faster as the heat built inside me. I was already close to cumming when she reached around behind me to slide two fingers into my waiting vagina. I moaned into her mouth as her fingers curled forwards to find my g-spot. I ground harder into her as her fingers moved faster and faster. I broke away from the kiss, digging my fingers into her ass and breathing hard as I started to cum. My muscles contracted, squeezing her fingers inside me and she put her other hand over my mouth to muffle my involuntary scream. She withdrew her fingers as I collapsed back onto the bed, eyes closed and panting in the aftermath of the orgasm. I opened my eyes when she thrust her fingers into my mouth, forcing me to lick my own juices off them. 

"That's one," she said, grinning seductively at me. "Stay where you are," she added as she got up to retrieve the whisky from across the room. I couldn't have moved if I'd wanted to. She handed me the glass and I sat up, gazing at her in all her naked glory as I sipped the sweet, smoky liquid. I watched as she set her own drink down and began moving around the room, retrieving items I couldn't see from various drawers and cupboards. She deliberately angled her body to hide them from view as she placed them on a low table at the foot of the bed, out of my eyeline. 

Puzzled, I caught her eye, raising one eyebrow quizzically. She only smirked in response.

"Finish your whisky," she told me, holding out her hand for the empty glass. I knocked it back in one, savouring the burn as it trickled down my throat. She took the glass and set it aside, by her own. She picked something up from the table and held it in her closed fist as she crawled across the bed towards me, her breasts swinging as she moved.

"Lie down," her voice had become soft, husky and dangerous. I did as she said. She crawled over me, pinning my legs together with one knee either side of my thighs. She sat up and revealed the red, silky blindfold in her hand.

"Do you trust me?" she asked in that same seductive, almost threatening voice. I nodded, mutely.

"Say it."

"I trust you."

She smiled reassuringly as she leaned forward to tie the blindfold over my eyes.

"From now on, you do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you." her lips were millimetres from my ear as she whispered the words, "Do you understand?"

I shivered in anticipation as I replied, "yes."