 I threw the last forkful of wood-shavings and old straw onto the bonfire and flicked a droplet of sweat from my eyebrow before turning to my long time friend.

"Thea. Whatever gave you the notion that a day in the middle of August when there isn't a cloud in the sky would be a good time to clean out your old chicken shed?"

Thea (Dorothea to her mother) smiled ruefully and leaned her rake on the shed door. "It seemed like a good idea at the time?"

"Sitting on the lawn with a nice cool white wine and lemonade seems a better one."

"But not half as satisfying. I've been meaning to do it ever since we moved in. Now Barry can start turning it into a studio."

"So, for the sake of your amateur daubs, I've had to get dried chicken shit in my hair, get covered in muck and dust, and ruin a perfectly good top?"

"Lucy, in answer to your list of complaints, I'll wash your tee-shirt myself and lend you one of mine for tonight, and the shower works just fine so you can decontaminate yourself as soon as we put the tools away. Now quit whinging!"

Thea and I are not the same size, she is shorter and proportionately just a little slimmer. But where we really differ is in the chest department. I'm blessed with full breasts - too heavy in my mind although Phil likes them - and Thea is almost flat-chested. It's been a standing joke between us that I got her share as well as my own, so how I would fit into one of her tops was a mystery. But we'd worry about that when the time came.

"And to top it off I expect you'll want a hand preparing dinner?"

"No, that was all prepared this morning. It just wants cooking."

"Which slave did you get to help you with that?"

Thea took a playful swipe at my backside and set off for the house. 

"Come on, let's get cleaned up. We've no dinner to cook so we'll still get time for that wine if we don't stand here gabbing."

Stripping in front of Thea is no problem, we'd met at college some ten or twelve years ago and over the years we'd seen each other naked many times.

"How about you soap my back and I'll do yours, so long as you don't mind?"

It sounded fine to me; I didn't mind someone touching my back, though my front might be another matter. Thea adjusted the shower and we stood together under the warm cascade, smiling quietly at each other as the water flushed away the loose dirt from our bodies.

"That feels better." She said, squeezing shower gel into her hand before passing it to me.

As I filled my own palm with gel I watched Thea begin to soap herself up, noticing that her little breasts were so firm that they didn't seem to move at all even when she lifted her arms to soap her armpits. If only I could keep my over generous bosom but have it as firm as that. Then I noticed that she was watching me looking at her.

"It's alright for you." She told me. "At least you've got a good figure. I have to keep walking when I'm in a timber-yard, because if I stood still they'd sell me as a board."

"Sorry Thea, I was staring, wasn't I?"

"No problem. At least you don't look and laugh like most women would."

"Hey." I told her, trying to sound open-minded. "If men or women were all made to the same plan, wouldn't life be boring?"

She smiled cheerfully and ran soapy hands over her breasts, watching me do the same to mine. There isn't a lot of room in Thea's shower and it was strange but pleasantly intimate to be showering in such close proximity to another woman. We found ourselves looking directly into each other's eyes as we worked our way down and half smiling in conspiratorial pleasure.

"This is a nice way to finish off a hard days work." She remarked suddenly as she lathered her stomach, suds running into her bush.

I just smiled silently and nodded, relaxing under the warm water and my own soapy massage. But then she reached down between her legs to wash her pussy and I noticed her eyes close just for a moment in pleasure at her own touch, and I realised she was feeling randy.

"Hot weather having an effect is it?" I asked her, smiling innocently.

She looked at me curiously, then blushed as she realised what I meant.

"Always does, doesn't it get to you sometimes?"

"Regularly." I told her, abruptly feeling that today no exception. "Though I've no idea why. Maybe it's because we all wear fewer clothes."

"Maybe. Whatever it is perhaps the menfolk will oblige us when they finally get home?" Our respective husbands were out fishing for the day and not expected back until evening.

"What! Both together?" I deliberately misconstrued her remark and feigned bewildered surprise.

"Don't worry, you're safe. I can't see those two going for same room sex even if we would." She answered as if she'd taken me seriously and now I was genuinely bewildered.

"You never know your luck." I told her, still teasing.

"One day." She sighed, and I looked at her in amazement, understanding suddenly that she really was serious. I wondered briefly what had started that off for her, but then pushed the thought to one side before we talked ourselves into trouble, but it had sort of set the tone for the day.

We let it go at that, standing facing each other and stooping slightly with our hands between our legs supposedly washing ourselves but taking far too long over that one little bit.

"There isn't room in here for us both to bend down, so how about we do each other's legs as well as our backs?" Thea asked eventually, breathing just that little bit heavier.

"Yes, fine." I could see what she meant; we'd probably bang our heads together if we both tried to reach our legs.

Thea squeezed more shower gel into her palms and then half crouched, half squatted in front of me, looking strangely defenceless with the shower water cascading over her head and shoulders. She soaped up my calves, then my knees and worked her way up my thighs, just once brushing the side of her hand against my pubic hair as she reached the top of my leg. It was only a very brief touch, but I was incredibly conscious of it. She gave no sign of noticing and I didn't say anything, but afterwards it was as if I could still feel that tantalizing touch.

"Turn around."

I did as I was asked, presenting my back to her and folding my arms away on top of my head. She began at my feet and worked her way up to the back of my thighs, stopping at the top of my legs to begin again at my shoulders. It is a lovely sensuous feeling to have someone's soapy hands massaging your back and I was feeling really warm and relaxed by the time she reached the base of my spine, so much so that it didn't even occur to me how intimate it was to have someone rubbing soap all over my naked bottom. I just enjoyed the sensation, only really becoming aware when her fingers delved between my cheeks into my crack, and then only to notice how nice it felt.

Thea unhooked the shower head and rinsed me off, making me feel good as she looked me over at the same time. The water felt so relaxing, sluicing over my skin and directed by someone else's hand for a change and I didn't care that she was looking at me. It was nice to be so uninhibited with somebody, normally I only feel that free with my partner and I'd never felt so easy in the presence of another woman.

"My turn." She announced, handing me the shower gel.

It wasn't until I squatted in front of her and noticed her pussy was literally inches from my face that I became aware that just like Thea I was more than slightly turned on, although whether that was from the mention of exhibitionistic sex, or from our showering together, or just the hot weather, I wasn't sure. However, as she planted her feet a little way apart for me to begin, I did notice, somewhat irrelevantly, that she had neat inner lips, like tiny little wings around her clitoris, and I surprised myself by wondering what they would be like to touch.

Thea has lovely long slim legs tapering to very trim ankles, and the feel of them under my hands was marvellous. There was no superfluous flesh on her at all, but she wasn't over muscular either, just nice and firm and toned. I took my time running my hands up and down, taking pleasure in my task, especially when it came to her gorgeous thighs.

I did each thigh separately, running a palm up both the inside and outside at the same time so that I could do it a little firmer without pushing at her, and just like Thea, I continued up until the side of my hand just touched her pubic hair. Unlike Thea I did it on each leg and more than once, getting a surreptitious buzz from being as bold as I dare. Even so, I wasn't trying to touch her any sexual sense, it was just pushing at the conventional boundaries of a bit.

"Okay, now you turn around."

Thea took up a very different position to the one I'd adopted, standing almost like a suspect waiting to be frisked, leaning on her hands placed against the wall with her legs a couple of feet apart. I must have looked puzzled, because she grinned at my expression.

"If I stand upright, you'll push me over." She joked.

"Ha - bloody - ha!" I told her, grinning myself in acknowledgement of my comparative stature.

Now I washed the backs of her legs much as I had the front, encircling each one in wet soapy hands and watching my fingers slide over her skin. I'd done most of her legs from the front, and so it took only a minute or so before I reached the tops of her legs and began to work on her bottom, only to realise that I would be able to do it better standing up.

I left her bottom for the moment and went to work soaping her back, beginning by lathering her from shoulders to waist in long sweeping movements, feeling her beautifully smooth wet skin slide under my hands. She felt soft and silky, completely unlike the hirsute hide that Phil boasted. It made a very pleasant change to wash a feminine back.

Her back done, I squeezed more gel into my palms and started once again on her bottom, standing almost directly behind her and placing one hand on each of her cheeks. That didn't work too well, so I moved to one side, holding her hip with one hand to steady myself and massaged her behind with the other. That worked fine, and felt nice too, because her bottom was firm and smooth, the flesh moving under my touch but without any sign of flabbiness.

It felt so nice that I spent more time there than was strictly necessary and only moved on when I got worried that Thea might notice and get the wrong idea. Still holding on to her hip I let my hand slide sideways into her crack, slipping easily between her cheeks on the coating of suds that had fund their way there. That felt nice and I felt Thea adjust her stance to give me more room, so she obviously didn't mind either. My hand automatically turned over so that my fingers could explore her properly and I suddenly found myself with the tip of my forefinger sliding back and forth over her anus as I rubbed her.

It was one of those excruciatingly embarrassing moments during which you panic, try to rectify a mistake and only succeed in making matters worse. I jumped in alarm, and my hand, which was moving forward at the time, slid onward, thrusting my two longest fingers straight into Thea's vagina. She let out a gasp of surprise and I yanked my hand away yelping as if I'd been stung.

"Oh Thea, I'm so sorry, I didn't intend to do that." I babbled. "So sorry, Thea, it was accidental, I don't know how that happened."

"It's alright." She said, turning round to face me and breaking into a huge grin at my crimson face. "It doesn't matter."

"But what must you think? Please don't think I did it on purpose. I'm truly sorry."

"I've said, it doesn't matter. I didn't mind."

I still babbled apologies.

"Thea. Please forgive me. I wasn't trying to take advantage, honestly, I'm so, so sorry."

"For God's sake, Lucy, don't worry about it, I'm not. If I hadn't been feeling randy it wouldn't have been so easy, so blame me."

"But Thea, I know I shouldn't have done that. I'm really sorry and it was an accident."

Thea was smiling at my embarrassment by this time. "I know you didn't do it on purpose, and I'm not bothered about it. Now for crying out loud forget it and rinse me off."

Still feeling foolish I took the shower head, adjusted the water and sluiced the suds from her body, starting at the top and working my way down. I must admit that when I got to her middle I felt a bit hesitant about directing the flow onto her pussy, but she didn't seem worried and in fact had parted her legs ready. I just washed her down and said nothing; the humiliation of accidentally touching her was still at the forefront of my mind. When I'd done and she was clean of soap I turned to turn off the shower, but she stopped me, taking the shower and readjusting the water.

"Just a minute Lucy, you've got some soap in your bush."

I looked down, but couldn't see any soap.

"Open your legs a bit; it's just around your pussy lips."

I did as I was told quite innocently, believing all that she said until she turned the shower onto my pussy and I immediately jumped back to be trapped by the shower wall. It was lovely and warm, but she'd turned the pressure up so that it was like little needles playing over my labia and clitoris. It felt fantastic.

"Now I get my own back." She giggled. "Now stand still and let me do it, `cos if you try and stop me I'll tell the men what you did."

She was joking - I think - or at least she wasn't meaning it nastily, but I was already embarrassed and I didn't like the thought of Barry or Phil knowing I'd fingered Thea, no matter how accidental it had been. I stood still, opening my legs a bit further, glad in a way, I suppose, of the excuse to let her continue.

Now, I don't know if you've ever done that, played a power shower over yourself, but take my word for it, the sensations are exquisite. It is so nice, so stimulating, that it verges on being painful. Several times as she did it I had to stop my hands from covering myself up and getting a little relief from that wonderful feeling. Before long I could feel myself climbing towards an orgasm.

"For Gods sake Thea, stop it. I can't stand it; it's so fucking good it hurts."

She laughed and concentrated the water onto my clit and the entrance to my vagina. I was squirming with the intense sensation of it and at times it was so strong that I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out at the exquisite torment. A few seconds later my orgasm overwhelmed me and I leaned against the wall as wave after wave of pure ecstasy surged through me.

"You bastard." I told her through the rolling power of my climax, making her giggle once more.

"Well, now you know. Touch me again and I'll make you cum again. It's only fair isn't it?"

My orgasm began to decline and I shook my head, smiling inside at her revenge. "You're still a bastard, but a nice bastard." I gasped.

Thea turned off the water, still laughing at the sight of me leaning on the wall, head hanging, fighting for breath, legs trembling and chest heaving, my body still quivering from the last pulses of orgasm.

"You bastard." I told her again, unable to prevent a wry grin from tugging at my mouth. "You complete bastard."

"Seemed fair to me." She told me, grabbing for a towel and trying to look innocent. "You touch me and I touch you."

"But I did apologise." I protested. "And it really was an accident."

"I know it was, but you got so flustered and embarrassed that I couldn't resist teasing you."

"That's why you're a bastard."

She was busy coiling a second towel around her head, while I was still naked and leaning against the back wall of the shower stall, water still running off me.

"I must admit though." She had that mischievous twinkle in her eye again. "I didn't expect you to cum that easily. Feeling randy are we?"

I was beginning to get my breath back now, so I squeezed the water from my hair and stepped out of the shower to wag a mocking finger in her face.

"You can talk." I told her. "You must have been fucking horny for my fingers to have slid in that easily."

"I've already admitted that I was, and for that matter I still am." She giggled again. "But I didn't expect you to try and help me out. Why didn't you tell me you'd turned gay?"

We're both straight, so it's a good job I know her warped sense of humour.

It didn't take us long to dry off and very soon we were both relaxing in a couple of Thea's big armchairs and sipping on the wine that we'd been promising ourselves. She had found me a top that I could get into, a loose baggy green affair that made me look like my granny, but at least it fitted.

"Do you know?" She remarked suddenly. "You're the first woman I've ever seen having an orgasm, apart from myself that is."

"Shut up Thea. You're embarrassing me." She was the first woman ever to see me cum, and I felt very red faced about it.

"No, you shouldn't be embarrassed." She assured me. "It looked pretty damn good to me."

"How else should I feel? I touched you where I shouldn't and then orgasmed in front of you."

"What would you have done if I'd have returned the favour instead of just turning the spray on you?" She asked me abruptly.

"You mean, if you'd have touched me?" Her question had caught me unawares.

"Yes. If I'd done to you what you did to me?" Although the words sounded reproachful, there was a strange mixture of lust and curiosity in her tone of voice.

"You mean, on purpose?"

It was a silly question, but I didn't really quite know how to handle this conversation. I could see that Thea was very turned on, and that was generating a strange and unexpected excitement in me, so much so that I was beginning to lubricate again.

"Yes. Would you have stopped me?"

I could see now where this might lead us, but I was curious enough to let things go on a bit longer.

"I don't know." I thought about it for a moment. "Possibly not."

"Only possibly?"

"Well, alright, probably not." The way I felt right then that was closer to the real truth.

"How would you feel if we'd touched each other?"

This was getting a bit heavy for me, but the trouble was I was feeling as randy as hell and this sort of talk was only making me hotter. I tried to stop it escalating any further.

"But we didn't."

"Shame." Said Thea quietly.

"Yes, shame." I echoed before I'd realised what I'd said.

We sat gazing at each other, stunned into silence by our own admissions, knowing that we couldn't leave it there but not daring to take things any further. It was Thea who eventually broke out of the embarrassing cul-de-sac that we'd talked ourselves into.

"Stand up and kiss me." She demanded softly. It was as if she'd come to a sudden decision.

Now I looked confused. "What?"

"Kiss me, and let's see how we feel then. Because if we don't do something we're going to wonder about this forever."

She was right of course.

I stood up and went towards her, and she stood to greet me. It's a romantic novel cliché‚ to say we melted into each others arms, but we did. It was as if our bodies wanted to meet, each wanting to accommodate the other so that we fitted together perfectly in a tight embrace.

Even so, the kiss was a bit tentative at first from both sides, our lips just softly brushing together. But then we gained in confidence, knowing that there was no real reluctance from either one, and we came together fully, lips and tongues meeting passionately. We clung together like that for several minutes, exploring each other's mouths and luxuriating in the feel of two bodies pressed close. The fact that nothing, except a kiss or two, was going to happen, made all my inbuilt misgiving about being in the arms of a woman disappear. This was just a try out, I told myself.

"Wow!" Thea exclaimed when we finally retreated to arms length. "That was definitely worth waiting for."
