 Author's notes: long has it been since I have written any short stories. I've been so caught up in my personal life, my website, and work that my motivation to write has been slim to none. Thankfully my wild imagination has had no shortage of ideas, and being the smart cookie that I can be 5% of the time I decided to jot down some of the ideas that I had (this story being one of them). Enjoy the story, writers love feedback so if you feel so inclined feel free to write :) maybe I'll even get a little lucky and this story won't be shot down in a fiery pyro spectacle!

Brenna stood in the middle of the room, her hands bound gently with satin, arms extended above her head. She glanced nervously around the room, but her anxiousness was born less of fear than of anticipation. The room was clad all in black; black walls, black ceiling, black floor. The lighting was abundant, but not harsh and bright, but soft and relaxing, giving the room a physical look of silence and splendor. Directly under her feet she stood upon a soft, satin sheet, underneath which was a soft, downy pad. She noted the contrast of such a dark, forbidding room that held such a soft, comforting atmosphere. 

Presently her thoughts drifted to two days earlier, when her fiancé Nick had asked her what she thought of finally living out the fantasy they had many times spoken candidly about during sex. "One of the guys at work mentioned this place he went to once with his ex-wife, and when he told us all about it I couldn't help but think of all the times we've discussed exploring your sexuality," he said, giving that little smirk of a smile that had attracted her to him five years ago when they had met at a bookstore.

"Oh yeah? Ok, you've peaked my interests. Lets hear it." She thought for sure this was going to be some devious way for him to bring up having a threesome with another woman. Although he never had done so before, since they'd began talking about their fantasies during sex, Brenna figured it would be any day now that he'd bring it up. She couldn't have been more far from the truth.

"The place is called Whispers and Fantasy, and they cater to women only. Basically, you go there and tell these consultants what you're looking for. You know, a certain scenario or situation, and the arrange it. Anyways, I was thinking that since I'm not really into strip clubs and you don't like the idea of me going to one for my bachelor party, you could go there, live out the fantasy you've talked about, and since they offer a service to film the experience this could be your gift to me, and could serve as your 'bachelorette party'", Nick explained.

Brenna instantly felt the heat within her rise. Her fantasy of being taken by two women had been something she had been fantasizing about for almost a year now, but she never actually thought about going through with it, as she knew no one to do such things with. She dare not risk complicating things with a trusted friend, and she dared even less to pick up a strange girl she did not know.

And so, after a night of particularly great love-making with her soon-to-be husband she had agreed, and two days later she found herself in her present situation, hands bound with care and secured above her head, clad only in black thong and bra waiting for the next step of her fantasy.

She was brought out of her thoughts as two women, both of similar height and weight, came to stand before her. She gazed at them with amazement. To the left stood Alexis, her lithe figure, supple breasts, and long straight, blonde hair on display for Brenna to admire. To Alexis' right stood Danielle, an equally petite beauty, but with hair as black as a ravens soft feathers, also stretching straight down her back.

They were visions of perfection; Danielle wearing black panties (a thong too, as Brenna would soon see when the beauty turned to show off her outfit), a black garter with black stockings, and black see-through bra. She was in direct contrast to Alexis, who's blonde hair and exact same outfit mirrored in white made them out to be polar opposites, as if Alexis was a goddess from some unknown isle, and Danielle a she-devil from the darkest, most animalistic part of desire, sent to tempt and sway those who were faint of heart. Brenna could not decide which of the two she wanted more.

Brenna spoke not a word, as was part of the fantasy. Alexis strode over to her, and with a voice as soft and pure as virgin snow told her, "Remember, this is all set up for you. If at any time you feel uncomfortable and want to stop, or slow down, or change the pace otherwise just let us know. We're here to please you." Brenna nodded her approval, yet knew these two would give her no such reason to cry stop.

Danielle walked over to a far corner to the right, and as she did Alexis moved over to a small table (also clad in black, making it hard to see at all) and grabbed a small pitcher. Danielle momentarily fumbled with a small camera held on a tripod, and a small red light blinked on. Both sauntered back to her, and with care Alexis set down the pitcher. Inside was a slightly cloudy liquid.

First Danielle, then Alexis dipped their hands in, taking generous portions of the liquid, which flowed from between their fingers in thick globs rather than thin wisps, such as water would. Alexis positioned herself behind Brenna and began applying the liquid to her body, sliding her hands along her lower back, stopping momentarily to unclasp and remove her bra, which was strapless so as not to interfere with its removal.

She felt the vixen's hands all about her, felt the eyes of Danielle roam over her body, over her small, firm breasts. Already she was feeling extremely aroused, both from the gaze of Danielle watching and Alexis sliding her hands over her back.

Alexis kneeled down, still behind Brenna, and when she did so Danielle also kneeled, and both began applying the sticky liquid to her body. Starting at her legs they moved up slowly, both doing the same leg. She could feel their hands sliding up her freshly waxed legs, could feel their hands touching the others as they applied their concoction. She could feel their hands sliding up her thighs, the touch to her inner thighs almost unbearable. Alexis let her hands trail up farther, near Brenna's aroused sex.


As she did so Danielle ceased to help and, still kneeling, backed up a few paces and allowed Brenna to watch her spread her legs lewdly. She watched Alexis touch the helpless woman with a wicked gleam in her eyes, and as she watched Brenna saw Danielle start to work a hand down her body. Watching the she-devil near touching herself was almost as much a turn on as Alexis' soft touch, which was now intently massaging her pussy through the thin material of her panties.

Her knees began to quiver slightly, and at that Alexis stopped massaging, Danielle closed her legs, and Brenna almost came unglued with passion, having practiced great self-control in crying out her protest to the women stopping. It was truly torture, but just as quickly as the two women stopped their game they moved in close and began working their magic liquid on Brenna's other leg. In similar fashion they treated Brenna's leg with a massage, both pairs of hands moving in close on her inner thighs, dancing just above her sex.

Brenna began to move her body this way and that in an attempt to get the women to touch where she wanted them to, but their hands danced over her body like a wild fire, moving from this place to that in a nigh unpredictable fashion. Danielle's hand came finally to rest on Brenna's pussy, massaging deeply, rubbing her clit through the thin material. Brenna sucked her breath in through clenched teeth, her breathing coming in ragged gasps. 

It was Alexis' turn to display some talent to the bound woman. However, she chose to show her talents in the way of the physical, moving onto her knees behind Brenna and sliding her tongue softly up the woman's backside. Brenna could feel her tongue sliding over her skin, rounding the gentle curves of her ass, to her inner back where Alexis kissed and sucked softly on the small of her back. Danielle's hand worked Brenna's pussy with an expertise that only a woman with a genuine love for the female form could do. Her touch electrified Brenna, and combined with the oral play on her body she was again beginning to lose control of the strength in her legs.

Alexis brought her tongue to the feminine crease in Brenna's backside, her tongue sliding its way in between the curvy flesh, finally coming to rest against the thin material that barely covered her anus. Her tongue moved about the cloth in gentle strokes, as Danielle's hand still continued to massage and kneed at her pussy. Brenna moaned out in ecstasy at the feel of such a soft, caressing touch to her anus. 

The playing continued on for a span of only a few minutes, then once again the two temptresses stopped their play and continued their application of the oil, which Brenna noticed was now beginning to heat her skin, but not in an uncomfortable way. The two women applied the liquid to her sides and front, running soft hands up her slim stomach, to her breasts, where Danielle paid special attention to, and Alexis reached around to also fondle and admire Brenna's breasts with the skilled touch of her silken hands.

They finally stopped at her neck, and backing away Danielle moved mere feet away from Brenna. Alexis came to the front to gaze upon her body. Brenna felt an almost desperate cry stuck in her throat at the realization that possibly the two most beautiful women in the world were within arms reach of her, yet so unattainable. It felt to her a lifetime before the two sisters of lust finally moved. But it was not to her they moved to, they turned to face each other, and as she watched they began kissing passionately. Danielle let her tongue slide far out from her mouth for Alexis to suck on, all for show for the girl bound in front of them.

Alexis sucked hungrily on Danielle's tongue, occasionally moving in close to bury her tongue deep in the mouth of the black clad raveness. As they kissed their hands roamed the others body, Danielle cupping Alexis' breasts and slowly pulling down her bra, as Alexis' hands found their way to Danielle's panties. With one fluent motion borne of practiced perfection her panties were removed, and once again they stood to face Brenna. Alexis stood proud with natural, well rounded breasts standing defiantly from her chest; Danielle showing her own pride in the evident great job she did in either shaving or waxing all traces of hair from her perfect sex.

Little time did Brenna have to admire their bodies, as they moved in close and without word or warning the tie binding her arms above her head was released and Danielle grabbed Brenna by the hair in mock dominance and forced her to her knees. From behind Alexis pushed Brenna gently so that she was on all four's, and as Danielle stepped closer to her Alexis quickly removed Brenna's panties in the same practiced motion that had helped the raven haired woman's own panties come off not a minute earlier. Immediately Brenna felt the tongue of Alexis upon her again, this time at her engorged pussy.

Brenna sought to moan aloud, but before she could follow through Danielle's hand was once again in her hair, this time pulling her head into the woman's freshly shaved sex. This was her first taste of another woman, and Brenna had not been eased into it as many women might seek to be. This was her fantasy; to be dominated and sexually ravaged by two women, and here in the small confines of the dark room she was feeling emotions and desires she never knew existed within her. 

She licked rough and hard at Danielle's sex, her efforts doubled, then tripled as she heard the instant affect her cunnilingus was having on her partner. Behind her, Brenna felt the expert tongue of Alexis playing at her own entrance, and for a brief moment she felt like the white princess was being neglected. But there was more fun to be had.

Brenna continued to roam her tongue all about the woman's pussy, exploring with her tongue the differences between her own sex and the woman in front of her. Brenna found concentrating hard as Alexis continue to feast from her sex, dipping her tongue deep inside her, then withdrawing it to trail up her backside, then down to her clit where she sucked it with care, holding it between her teeth and battering it with the tip of her tongue.

The stimulation was becoming too much for Brenna, and as the passions of orgasm began to wash over her she dropped her head and forgot the task which Danielle had given her mouth. Danielle sensed her nearing orgasm, having seen such reactions from women many times before, and scooted in closer to lay her fingers upon the girl's backside. Her fingers gently rubbed, caressed, and tentatively penetrated Brenna's anus, and when she felt a finger slowly slide inside her anus along with the mouth that so skillfully worked over her pussy she let go, and with a cry of animal passion she orgasmed with great force.

For a moment she lost all vision, and everything was forgotten, all she felt was the crushing blow of climax, and the stars spilled out before her vision for what seemed to be an eternity. Slowly her breathing relaxed and her vision returned, and when at length she was able to see she took note that she was no longer on all four's but huddled on the ground in a fetal position, with both Danielle and Alexis cuddled up close to her, both having known the exact moment in which to cease their stimulating assault as to create the most intense and satisfying orgasm for their play thing. She also noticed both women had removed the remaining articles of clothing that had previously binded them from total nudity. Both women's bodies were works of art.

She came close to speaking, but stopped as she saw that Danielle's hand was absent-mindedly lingering between Alexis' thighs. Brenna looked at Alexis thoughtfully, watching the expression of satisfaction in her eyes. Brenna always felt that if everyone could walk around in a post orgasmic joy there would be no war, violence, or crime. 

Danielle's hand remained between Alexis' leg for the entire time Brenna took to come down off her orgasmic high, and at such a time Brenna stretched out with her face near the lovely white vixen's legs to watch Danielle at play. Danielle definitely seemed the dominant one.

Alexis spread her legs to give Brenna a better view, and as two of Danielle's fingers slid slowly in and out of her pussy Brenna scooted closer still and outstretched her tongue to taste from Alexis' sex-which was also completely shaved. Alexis moved her head back and let out a satisfying sigh, beginning to rock her hips slowly towards Danielle's fingers and Brenna's tongue. They lay and slowly played for several minutes, until Danielle stood and strolled over to a table placed at the opposite of the other, and removed from it an item which Brenna instantly recognized from adult movies and adult stores as a strap-on. 

Stepping through the appropriate places Danielle donned the black strap-on of respectable size, which protruded from her midsection like a horizontal relic of Sapphic delight. While Danielle got herself situated in the device Brenna's hand had found it's way over to Alexis' sex to take up the vacancy left by Danielle's fingers. She continued to watch Danielle with curious anticipation while her fingers worked slowly in an out of Alexis, whose pussy was flowing a steady stream of liquid.

Again, with no words, Danielle this time took Alexis by the hair, moving her onto her back where she positioned herself between her legs and sat the large tool between Alexis' legs, resting the tip against her pussy. At this Alexis smiled, and Danielle moved her hand to Alexis' mouth where she was supplied a generous amount of saliva from the girls tongue. Danielle applied this to the shaft of the dildo, and in one fluent motion slid the entire length into Alexis.

Her eyes rolled back and she stiffened, Brenna gave a small smile as she remembered countless times that Nick had made her feel that very same way. But she gave him no further thought, and instead watched as the raven haired beauty began to make love to the pure angel to which she was penetrating.

Alexis made little moaning sounds with each thrust, and it took Brenna only one fluid glance from Danielle to realize she had a purpose for her. After glancing to Brenna she moved her gaze south along her body, to rest on her pussy, then a quick glance over to Alexis' face told her exactly what she should do.

Brenna got up onto her knees-which she noted were still a bit weak-and parted her legs to rest just over Alexis' face. Her pussy gleamed over the woman's mouth like a piece of food waiting to be devoured-and Alexis' treated it as if she had not eaten in a week.

And there the three women remained for a long length; Danielle thrusting the large phallic device in and out of Alexis'; Alexis' stealing long, deliberate licks along the length of Brenna's pussy. Once again Brenna's pussy flowed with liquid, and Alexis' licked her in an ever-increasing effort to get at it all. What Brenna did next Danielle had not expected, had not ordered, but certainly enjoyed.

Brenna bent down and began licking and sucking at Alexis' clit, her hands curling around the woman's ass and finding the same spot Danielle had stimulated on her own body earlier. Her fingers played at her anal entrance, slowly testing the limits of the tight skin, all the time her tongue dancing all around her pussy and dildo which slid in and out of her with ever increasing fervor.

Alexis' began to moan louder, but even as she did an animal instinct overtook Brenna and she lowered her pussy more over her mouth to stifle her moans. Danielle watched on with great satisfaction, her thrusts going ever fast into Alexis' sex. Brenna allowed her saliva to drip down the girl's pussy, till it ran to where her fingers played at the woman's other entrance. Providing a slight lubrication Brenna slid a slim finger into the woman's anus, slowly sliding it in and out at a slower pace than the dildo which invaded her.

Alexis' was licking at Brenna's pussy at a fevered pace now, partly from enjoyment of the act, but more so from the vaginal and anal assault on her body. She was nearing orgasm and desperately wanted Brenna to feel a second orgasm. Once again her hands came to either side of Brenna's ass, but this time she did not seek anal play, but this time used her hands to spread the woman slightly, and forcing her face up as far as possible buried her tongue inside her sex.

Brenna let out a gasp of sexual energy, passion driving her to do things which tested the limits of her imagination. She sank her finger deep inside Alexis' back entrance, and with an act of carnal pleasure clamped her mouth down upon her clit, biting hard and sucking as best she could despite the awkward angle of Danielle's strap-on which continued to hammer at the woman's pussy.

Their stamina only lasted a few minutes in this situation. At once Alexis' moaned loudly, which grew to a guttural growl of extreme pleasure, even as Brenna reached orgasm of her own, to which she buried her face into the woman's sex. All three women collapsed in a tangle of arms, legs, and disheveled hair, having been worn out physically, emotionally, and sexually.

***

Nick sat in the plush office of the downtown L.A. office of Whisper's and Fantasy. It had been nearly a full day since he had dropped Brenna off at one of their shooting locations, but was informed to pick her up from the main office because there was post paperwork to be filled out and various other business end finalities.

He sat looking at the deep brown oak desk in front of him, at which sat several pictures of various people of various ages-from small children to elderly folk. He glanced about the walls, which hung several diplomas, awards, and certifications. As he stood to look at them more closely the office door opened and in stepped a ravishingly attractive woman in a business suit, her long black hair done up in a bun, brown eyes showing a glint of happiness through sophisticated glasses. She was a true fantasy of men, the equivocal businesswoman.
