 Author's note: This story is total fiction and any resemblance to real people, imagined or virtual is a coincidence. 

The story is told through Jessica's perspective.

cast of characters:

Lauri 27, 5ft 7brunette, with an hourglass figure, 36DD breasts with dark wide nipples. She's the youngest of 4 children, the product of second-generation Italian and Jewish parents. Her olive skin and smooth complexion always made her popular with the guys but she had recently all but given up on relationships with men. Lauri works as physical therapist in a sports medicine clinic.

Jessica 32, 5 ft 5 dark brunette with a svelte, hard body from years of training as swimmer.

Dark protruding large nipples highlight her 33 B cup breasts. She has a coffee colored complexion and loves to wear tight jeans and blouses with push up bras. A Latina born in America, but her Dad was from Taipei City in Taiwan and her Mom grew up in Mexico. Her dad used to work for the military and she moved around a lot as a kid. She has beautiful Asian eyes with the high cheekbones of a Mexican woman. Jessica owns a niche catering company that services the entertainment industry.

Sharon: 31, A 5ft 6 dark brunette, with dark olive brown skin, hourglass figure with a robust 36 -26- 36 figure. Sharon has a medium frame body with a lovely pear shaped ass She always loved athletics and dancing but extremely insecure of herself and very intelligent with a Masters in Forensic Pathology and working on her Doctorate. Sharon still lives with her widowed mother but has been looking for a serious job in her new profession for months.

Lisa: 40, 5 ft 6 , 48DD 24 34 measurements Lisa has strong legs and good upper body muscle tone. A natural blonde with a seductive smile and good clear skin. Lisa's huge tits are the result of a very successful surgery which saved her left breast from a tumor. Lisa has an affinity for rescuing animals and has a few dogs who live with her. Since her amazing recovery she has found a very unique way of helping women achieve incredibly huge wet orgasms. She's considering writing a book or making a video to help other women enjoy their natural gifts of sexual enjoyment.

Story is told from the pov of Jessica.

_________________________

After Lauri left for her appointment, I was feeling quite rejected. She disappeared after breakfast together and it seemed as if she just wanted to spend time with Lisa today. Although she talked me into taking the trip, and I was aware that I was a bit jealous of this "life coach," I was still very curious to meet Lisa who seemed such a different influence in my friend's life. I didn't want to just be lug an wait by the phone for her to call me, and I didn't want to just go off and be my independent self either. 

Finally, after watching TV for over an hour, I headed to the pool and sauna to get my mind off these women. The luxury pool and sauna room were as expected very opulent and filled with all the amenities like bidets to wash your pussy and lots of space to dress. I brought my Purple European bikini to the locker room without giving it a thought. It has a nice ring on both sides of the bottom which made my ass really show and highlights the tummy more too. I wore my denim cut offs and a ribbed tank top to the pool area too, just in case Lauri called me then I could just go directly to their room. The pool had windows high up on the walls, which made the swimmers visible to folks passing through the lobby and restaurant areas of the luxury spa. I did my 10 laps in their pool and and headed for the shower to rinse the chlorine out of my hair. The showers were very empty as was the pool, on this late winter Saturday. I quickly showered and went back to the locker where I noticed another very attractive woman undressing. We were probably the only ones in the locker room. We didn't acknowledge each other at first, but I couldn't keep my eyes from gazing at her perfect shape, her dark olive skin with a perfect complexion. I watched her slowly take off her t -shirt and reveal a pair of perfect breasts I noticed how her arms were also well toned too. Her ample breasts were much fuller than my 33Bs had nice wide aureoles and very perky dark nipples. She tied her shoulder length hair back with a band and as she did, she caught me looking at her. I smiled and she returned the smile. She had a wonderful face, with beautiful eyes and some dimples that made her appear so innocent. I was instantly taken with her presence. 

Suddenly I hear this voice asking me,

"I'm heading to the sauna, do you want to join me?" She said, I don't know why but I was stunned.

"I hate being in those rooms alone. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm Sharon," She smiled and offered her hand.

"I reciprocated, and told her my name. There was an air of peace and serenity about her that I picked up immediately. I couldn't explain it any other way, but I knew I was attracted to her. I didn't even think about my tentative plans to meet up with Lauri and Lisa. Sharon had a glow about her, and I instantly found myself so drawn to her entire person not just her fantastic body.

"That's a great bikini you're wearing, I love the colors and the tiny sequins," Sharon said, as she looked down at my body.

"Oh, thanks Sharon, lets go to the sauna!"

We headed to the small out of the way sauna room and chatted about the amenities and the absence of other patrons. Sharon had driven out from the city by herself and said she told me this was the third time she'd come out to this spa to give herself some much needed R and R. We stripped our towels off and sat there naked next to one another enjoying the heat when she opened her legs and began to play with herself. She'd brought a small bag which I thought had a bottle of water but she actually had a battery powered vibrator and some lotion. She began masturbating right there and smiled at me as she placed her hand on my leg.

"I noticed you looking at me first, when I was undressing. I actually happened to see you from above first through the glass windows in the lobby as you swam those laps," She said smiling at me.

"Jess you've got a fantastic body," Sharon whispered. This lovely woman was almost swooning for me to embrace her. Instead, I placed my finger over her mouth and kissed her. We held our tongues together for what seemed like minutes as our hands groped and explored each other in the dry heat of the room. I licked the nape of her neck and kissed her bare shoulder. The sweet taste of her sweat in the sauna made us both even more aroused. We were all over each other and needed to get more comfortable.

"I love your Asian eyes, where are you from?" Sharon asked me. She fondled my jet black hair and caressed my face with her soft hands.

I couldn't stop fondling her abundant tits and those nipples were so enticing!

"I'm American but my Dad was from Tai Pei and my mom is Mexican originally we lived in Nogales and moved to Dallas for a while. Ive moved around a bit in my life already," I told her.

I leaned over and kissed her once again on the lips, savoring her taste as we got closer. I watched her as she fingered her own wetness. I placed my hand on her breast and licked her nipple into an aroused state of hardness in a few seconds. 

" Oh Jesse, that feels SO good! Mnnnnnn ohh, ohhh, ummmnnn," Sharon purred while I licked on her stiff nipples.

"Oh Jesse, lick my pussy too, will you?"

"Oh Sharon, I'd love to!" I really wanted to but I didn't think we'd have much privacy there.

"I know we don't have much time before someone sees us Jess, I want you to feel your tongue on my hot clit, please baby!" She pleaded.

I knelt down on the warm teak wood floor and spread her smooth thighs. Sharon kept her pussy very neat with just a small section of pubic hair above her lovely vagina. 

"Oh you're so wet already, Ummmngggh," I said as my tongue tasted her salty cunt for the first time. Sharon trembled as my hands wandered up from her thighs to those stiff nipples. I pinched her right one with my two fingers as my tongue explored her inner regions of her womanhood. My experienced tongue jazzed her clit, and my left finger found a very wet and warm spot to massage. Sharon's legs tightened and she lifted her butt off of the wood seat and thrust her lovely wet mound into my face.

"Ungghhhhmmmmnn, oh suck me good babe," Sharon whined.

Just then we heard some voices approaching, two older women coming toward the sauna. I got up quickly and covered myself before they entered.

Luckily they were both Asian and didnt really understand English so we kept on whispering back and forth.

"Sharon, I really want to make love to you, can we go back to your room?" I asked softly in her ear.

Sharon seemed torn, but I tried to reassure her I was not in a hurry. 

"I do want to make love with you, but I just remembered I have an appointment with this person at 1 and its already past noon, but I don't want to put this off," she said, in a worried, almost apologetic tone.

"Are you seeing Lisa the life coach by some chance?" I asked innocently.

"Why Yes, do you know her also?" 

"Well not exactly, but my girlfriend is seeing her now and was supposed to call me to let me know if she has a free appointment later to meet me," I said.

A few minutes into our conversation as if on cue, I received a text from Lauri. She wanted me to meet Lisa in the late afternoon around 5pm. Lisa had an early afternoon appointment, and I was betting it was with Sharon. I quickly texted her back that I was with someone in the sauna and would love to meet Lisa at 5pm. Lauri texted me back with her room number and I thought about all of this for a moment, then I took a leap of faith here and asked my new friend Sharon,

"Do you think we could show up for your appointment together?" The answer I got surprised me a bit, but I listened attentively.

"Is your girlfriend your lover or are you just_?" Sharon seemed uncomfortable asking me about Lauri, I think she'd been rejected for some strange reason more often than I suspected. I really couldn't understand any woman rejecting this hot woman, she's so attractive and seems very smart.

"We're just friends really. I think she knows I'm lesbian and I'm actually not sure where she's at sexually. But we know each other for a few years now.

"You won't believe this, but I think I have something wrong with me," Sharon confided. This beautiful young woman seemed really troubled and worried about something involving her near perfect body.

"No matter how many times I've tried, I seem to be incapable of having a good orgasm. My mind must be really messed up. So I'm seeing this woman Lisa to see if I can actually find a solution or somehow get passed what is blocking me from having more pleasure in my life. I've heard from other acquaintances that she is the real deal and knows how to stimulate a woman to have prolonged wet orgasms!"

"I don't think you're messed up at all, in fact I think you're a beautiful woman and I spotted you immediately and wanted to be with you!

"You're so kind Jess, really." 

We were still in the locker room and fully dressed again, but Sharon put her arms around my head and kissed me passionately. Our tongues danced together for a few moments as our hands groped and squeezed each other. My fingers found my way down her jeans and landed on her clit, still wet from my attempt at making her cum fast in the sauna. We separated but held onto each other's arms and I let my guard down. I told her about some of my fears about being in an intimate relationship.

"I've some issues of my own and I bet Lisa can help me out also. But I 'll leave you alone if she feels overburdened, but something is telling me she will let us both come in. 

Sharon blushed and looked away. I detected a tear forming. I put my arm around her shoulder and held her for a few seconds. She looked up at me and kissed me softly. A few silent moments went by and then she told me, "I want so much to be able to make passionate love to you without worrying about performance, about whether I'm going to come and satisfy your desires, and I think you gave me my answer." 

This trip was getting more interesting by the minute. We dressed and headed to Lisa's room with out having a clue as to how intense the rest of our day was going to be.

On the short walk over to Lisa's room Sharon decided to call Lisa's cell and make sure it would be ok if I joined them, and Lisa was absolutely fine with it.

"Hi Sharon, and you must be Jessica, welcome please come in, take off your shoes and make yourself at home," Lisa said to us. This sultry woman didn't look her age and had the high cheekbones and beautiful skin of a few movie stars I could remember. Although she was wearing

a flowing cotton one piece outfit that seemed very much like an Indian Sari which had a nice deep V cut to the top part of it. I could tell she kept herself in great shape physically.

"Thanks for letting me sit in on this session Lisa, I'm actually a good friend of Lauri's. 

"Oh my, really, she just left here about 20 minutes ago. We had a marvelous session together. I do believe she said she was coming back at 5p to bring you, so I m a bit confused, how do you know Sharon?

"Lisa we actually just met, but hit it off really well," Sharon chimed in. 

"I really like Jess and want to continue to see her, right?" Sharon said gesturing to me for approval. 

I felt so weird but knew that I did in fact want to continue to see Sharon if I could.

"Absolutely, Sharon," We've just met but there's some good chemistry here between us, so we want to explore that and see where it leads us," I told Lisa and noticed that she was listening to both of us quite intently which made me feel very comfortable.

"Well, this is a first for me too," Lisa said motioning us to sit in her small dining area of her luxury suite. 

"I've never done a session where two of the women weren't lovers or at least close friends, but this can definitely work out so let's try it!"

"Ok so here's how I work this, normally I charge $200. for the 2-3hr session which includes a starter bottle of the special herb I administer for increased orgasmic pleasure. Usually I listen to you share about your life for awhile, and may make some suggestions and can do this for both of you but I really need to collect the same amount from both of you, is that okay?"

"I'm okay with that," I said.

"Sure," Sharon added. 

"I'm curious, What experience do you have doing therapy Lisa?" Sharon asked innocently.

"Well, Im not a trained psychotherapist, but I have been working with various ages of women discussing informally all aspects of sexuality. Many of my

friends wanted me to counsel them after we'd have these large meetings. They encouraged me to seek out all ages of women just to talk about seeking greater pleasures with our partners whether they're husbands, boyfriends or lesbian lovers," Lisa said.

"Oh that sounds fine. I just wanted to know what your training and experience was in this field. I think I'm ready and into really trying this out to see how it works! What's the next step?" Sharon asked with some verve, finally losing her cynical attitude.

"Ok, are you sure you want to try this Sharon?"

"Yes, I 'm certain, sorry for the indecision on my part,"

"Okay, since this was originally just Sharon's session she will start sharing first and I don't want you to interrupt her or offer any advice for until she's finished telling me why she's here. Then we'll get to you Jessica and then Sharon you will obey the same restriction on giving any advice or interrupting her share for any reason. Those are my simple ground rules," Lisa said to us with some authority.

"And after you both share, we'll do some isometric exercises that help the entire process," Lisa said getting comfortable on her couch.

Sharon moved over to a large comfortable cushy chair and began telling her story to Lisa while I just laid back and listened. This sultry attractive woman I just met started talking about her early life and her immediate attractions to girls instead of boys. She knew as early as her last grade of middle school that she was lesbian, and embraced it as much as she could. Her mother was more domineering than mine but accepted her and helped guide her and let her have appropriate friends and later on, sexual relations. Later on in her early years of college, Sharon had been acosted by a woman who basically raped her and caused some serious emotional pain. She has transcended the physical repercussions of that event but her mind still shuts off her ability to accept real pleasure and joy in her life as she put it. 

I was holding onto my knees almost rolled up in a fetal position listening to her talk about all this, and finally she looked over at me and said that so many of her current friends were so apathetic or so lost in their own lives, she didn't feel as if she had any serious friends until today when she noticed me and we began sharing from our heart.

After she was done, Sharon got up from her chair and walked over to me and pulled me into her arms and we kissed passionately right in front of Lisa who was taking all this in very intently. We wrapped our legs around one another and I wanted to feel her warm skin on mine again. I noticed Lisa hand delve down to her huge mounds as she fondled herself as we kissed.

"I know I've just met you and we hardly know each other, but I really want to explore this with you, do you want the same Jess?"

"Yes, I do want the same Sharon, I do want us to be together more for sure," I said, as our tongues engaged once more.

"Is there anything else you want to talk about Sharon?" Lisa asked.

"No, not really,"

I think it would be good for me to hear Jessica tell me about her life now,"

"Sure," I said as I sat down and faced Lisa. Sharon was off to my right side, and was curious to hear about my life.

I told Lisa and Sharon about being raised by a mixed couple and the traditional differences in lifestyle took hold I was confused sometimes about how to interact with my girlfriends. I had this terrible crush on one of my female instructors in my first years at college. I doubt she ever knew how attracted I was to her, but after that I constantly sought out older more experienced women to take the place of her in my fantasy life. I couldn't get into all aspects of my past but I concentrated on the parts I wanted Sharon to hear about, like men abusing me and my rejection of the typical crap that we see on TV and in the press about finding and keeping a man. I mentioned how I wanted my femininity throughout. I didn't want to look like a biker dyke or a lost Goth geek with sunken eyes who never got outdoors. I told Lisa I haven't been lucky meeting any women lately and I've had problems satisfying my female lovers, Although I love wearing strap- ons and fucking them all night, I think that I'm not that good at sucking pussy and prefer to fuck to get my lover off. Sometimes I use a huge dildo to put in my ass while I finger myself or use another hard phallus in my pussy.

"I'm certain I can help you improve your cunninglingus skills today, Jessica. I also have an ample assortment of strap ons for you to use later too!

Lisa stood up and walked into the other room and returned with a small bottle in her hand.

"Ok so here is the herbal supplement I was talking to you about on the phone Sharon. 

Sharon held the bottle and smelled the dark fluid in the eyedropper.

"I do this in two parts, Sharon. First, I usually examine your pussy and try to see if I can see any physical reasons why you're having problems. In your case, as many others, it sounds as if its all in your mind. You're not letting yourself enjoy the sex and thus your release is stifled or blocked. Then I usually ask you do learn some isometric exercises which can enhance your orgasm once its been released. Are you up for trying this or do you want me to answer more questions? Lisa looked at me with a slight sense of exasperation, but it passed quickly. I smiled back at Lisa and looked at Sharon who was looking at the bottle's contents printed on with a homemade label.
