 My name is Clara Bedford and I'm as white bread as they come. My parents were born into money - old money - and lots of it. I grew up in a big white house in Westchester County. When I was a little girl I played with my little white friends. When I got older I went to private schools where almost everyone was white. Then I went to college and it was more of the same.

I have blond hair, blue eyes and fine features. I guess back then I was what you would call a WASP thoroughbred because I was very very thin. Girls from old money were supposed to be thin and I dieted and exercised to stay that way. I went to all the debutante balls in slim expensive white gowns. Eventually one of the boys at one of the balls started taking me out and soon he proposed to me. His family's money was even older than mine. We were married in a big white church in front of our beaming white families and then moved into a big white house of our own.

We never had much of a sex life and I never had any children. My husband stopped making love to me after a few years and I didn't mind a bit. I had heard about orgasms, but never had one and didn't miss it. I just spent year after year going to meetings of all the best white clubs and doing work for all the best white charities. And I stayed very very thin. My parents passed away and left me with more money than God, but that didn't affect my white life even a bit. My twentieth wedding anniversary came and went and my life never changed.

Then one day I came home from one of my clubs and found a letter from my husband on the table in the foyer. It said that he had moved out and wanted a divorce. There was this other woman. I cried a little, but not a lot, and went to see a lawyer.

I asked my lawyer to find out who the other women was. Her name, it seems, was Debbie and she was twenty years younger than me. I saw her picture and she had curves and big breasts. I was a little angry, but not a lot, and told my lawyer I wanted to take my husband for every penny I could. I didn't get much satisfaction from that, however, because my husband wrote me a gigantic check and that still left him with more money than God.

My life then went on pretty much as before. The clubs. The charities. The big white house. Then one day I needed to go into New York City. I had been given the task of researching some local history and found out that the book I needed was located in the New York Public Library. I felt adventurous and told the chauffeur to drop me off at the railroad station and I took the train to Grand Central Station.

I walked west on 42nd street in my white summer dress, crossed 5th avenue and walked between the famous lions and up the many steps. I went to the cavernous main reading room, requested my book, and then sat at one of the heavy wooden tables and started to read it.

In a few minutes I sensed that someone was sitting across from me. I looked up and saw it was a woman who was very very black. She was wearing African clothing and her skin was the deep deep chocolate color which told the world that there were no Caucasians in her family tree. Her hair was short and fuzzy and her face was magnificent. She had thick lips and a broad nose and piercing brown eyes that were staring right back into mine. And then she smiled at me and her smile was sunshine.

I was disturbed and embarrassed and self-conscious. I lowered my eyes back to my book and read the same page about fifteen times. I didn't want to look up, but I finally did and she looked right into my heart with her beautiful eyes. And then again she gave me her beautiful smile. I felt something new and scary stirring in me. I lowered my eyes again and read the same page a few more times.

When I looked up again she reached into her briefcase and pulled out a piece of white paper. She took out a large black fountain pen and wrote something in black ink She folded the paper and slid it across the table. I unfolded it and it said "please come home with me."

I can't even imagine the look on my face because it made her laugh so hard that she had to put her hands over her mouth to keep from disturbing the other readers. I looked at her again and surprised myself by nodding yes. We stood up and walked out of the reading room and down the steps past the lions.

The traffic was very noisy so she put her mouth close to my ear and said in a charming African accent "My name is Shibola" I told her my name and she gave me her sunshine smile again. She motioned for me to walk with her and we got on the subway. I had only been on the subway a few times in my life and had no idea where we were going. We took the train on the Uptown side and got off at 125th Street.

Every person who got off the train was Black except me. We walked up the steps into the daylight and soon came to her building. She unlocked the front door and we walked up four flights of stairs and she let us in. It was a studio apartment with African art on the walls.

She asked me if I wanted anything to drink. My throat was as dry as sandpaper. I asked for a glass of water and gulped it down. She poured herself a beer and we both sat down on two kitchen chairs on opposite sides of her kitchen table. I suddenly noticed that her body was large and lush with big breasts and big hips. I was surprised I hadn't noticed that before.

"I didn't think you'd come" she said in her lilting African accent "but I'm very happy that you did. You are so beautiful."

My face became flushed and I had a feeling between my legs that I had never felt before.

I said to her "you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. I feel so skinny and plain." Then I started to cry and tears poured down my face. I took out my handkerchief and wiped my eyes. Then I said to her "I think I love you."

She could tell that I had uttered those words without fear or shame and tears now welled up in her eyes. She stood up, came around the table, put her arms around me and kissed me. I felt her large beautiful lips on mine and yielded as I never had before. Her tongue hungrily probed my mouth. There was a throbbing between my legs and I could feel that my panties were wet.

We walked over to the bed. She undressed herself and then undressed me. I was overwhelmed by her fullness and roundness and blackness. Her breasts were firm and her large nipples were black and hard. We embraced and I could smell the cunty perfume of our arousal. I rested my head on her shoulder for a moment and felt as if my life was just now beginning.

She pulled off the cover and we lay on the bed. She started to make love to me very slowly. She kissed my ears and neck. She gently sucked the tiny hard nipples on my tiny breasts and a rush of sensation flooded my entire body. I explored her large breasts with my tongue and licked all around her bumpy nipples and then sucked them. She then kissed me deeply again and I felt her saliva pouring into my mouth and I greedily swallowed it. 

Shibola had me lie on my back. She kissed my mouth again and then kissed my ears and neck and my breasts. Then she moved down and licked my feet and my ankles and my calves. Overwhelmed by a surge of excitement, I spread my legs without any conscious act of will.

Shibola licked and kissed my inner thighs and then lovingly nuzzled my blond public hair. She then moved to my pussy and slowly licked my inner lips and thrust her tongue into my vagina. I couldn't control myself any longer and through shallow breaths could only whisper "please, please, please."

She moved her tongue to my clitoris and licked it gently and slowly. A surge of electricity shot through my body and I knew I was going to find a place inside me that I never knew was there. She increased the speed and power of her licking and my hips started to move up and down by themselves.

Then she stopped. She leaned over and opened the drawer of her night stand and took out a long thick black dildo. I must have looked afraid because she said "it's OK baby. I won't hurt you."

She slid the dildo into me slowly. It gave me a feeling of fullness that was unlike anything I had ever felt in my life. Then she fucked me with it, first slowly and then faster and faster pushing it in deep. She then knelt down and again started to lick my clit hard and fast as she slid the dildo in and out of my soaking wet cunt.

I began to lose all reason. The dildo fucked all the whiteness out of me and flooded me with all of the colors of the rainbow. When my excitement reached an indescribable pinnacle, I utterly surrendered to the feelings and climaxed for the first time in my life. Waves of indescribable pleasure surged throughout my body and I could feel my cunt squeezing the dildo with powerful hard rhythmic contractions.

Soon it subsided and Shibola took me in her arms and I cried as I had never cried before. Sobs of joy and wonder wracked my body and I held her tightly as if to never let her go. Then the crying ended and I was bathed in a glow of contentment and utter relaxation.

After a few minutes I looked over at Shibola and saw the profound joy on her face and could tell from her breathing that she was very aroused. I started kissing her entire body slowly and lovingly as she groaned with pleasure and anticipation. I knelt between her wide open legs and looked with wonder at the collage of ebony and pink below the thick curly black hair of her mons. I put my mouth on her pussy and slowly licked it, drinking in her delicious juices and savoring her funky hot odor.

My tongue soon touched her clit and she knew that I needed to be told what to do. "That's it, baby" she said "just keep licking me there." I licked her clit and her excitement grew as I licked it harder and harder. She gasped "fingers inside me -- fuck me, please." I slipped my fingers into her hot slippery cunt and fucked her hard as I licked her clit with a steady rhythm.

She moaned loudly, thrust her hips in the air and experienced a shattering orgasm. My fingers could feel her cunt squeeze them again and again and again as she cried out in pure ecstasy. I felt excitement and amazement that I had given this beautiful women so much pleasure. She soon embraced my thin body in her loving arms and I lost myself in her softness and roundness.

We lay silently for a long time and then we talked. She told me that she was studying International Relations at Columbia University and would be receiving her degree in three months. Then she would be going home. I told her about my little white life and we cried and kissed.

Over the next three months we saw each other many many times. I would visit her place in Harlem, proudly navigating the subway by myself. She would visit my big white house. I even started to put on weight and soon had breasts and hips and actually looked like a woman. And finally having some fat cells to store my female hormones, I became lustier and lustier and my orgasms became bigger and more wonderful.

Finally, she visited my house the day before she was going to leave for home. We made love slowly and gently and joyously. After we climaxed and lay in each other's arms for a while, I rolled over and reached into the drawer of my night stand.

She looked on curiously as I took out the longest thickest whitest dildo in the world. "I call it Moby Dick," I said as I waved it at her like a sword. We laughed so hard we fell on the floor.