 There was a little lesbian inside me trying to get out, who knew... not me. There was no high school crush on my math teacher or a drunken kiss with some strange girl at a club. All it took was a chance meeting with the most beautiful woman in the world but I should start at the beginning of my story.

My name is Jacinta, I am 5 foot 10 with long black hair and brown eyes. I have a pretty face and a nice body but my best asset are my 32F boobs, the boobs my BFF's call my porn star boobs. 

I started to date T... Well he does not deserve to have his name in my story about love so i'll call him by my family nick name Mr Crazy Pants. I started to date Crazy Pants in high school. Kath and Cathy have been my BFF's since the first grade and they could not understand when I had the choice of any guy why I picked Mr Pants. He was not the best looking or anything like that but he was a great talker. Mr Pants was very charming, witty different than the other guys. In the early days he always made me laugh and I guess he charmed his way into my heart.

Looking back now I could not tell you when things changed but they did. After school we both got apprenticeships and his parents let us move into a unit they owned rent free. That's when he started to get controlling, where I went, who I saw, what I spent MY money on and most of all my clothes. He would have dressed my in an old sack if he thought he could get away with it but with my boobs even an old sack can't hid how big they are.

There's a winery near where we live and they have amazing bands come to play. One of those bands were my favorites and I was begging Pants to go for the longest time. I was so excited when he said yes but as always he ruined the day. We went and spread a blanket on the grass to settle in for the late afternoon / evening. Pants mood just got darker and darker all afternoon until I got angry with him too. I told him he had ruined the day so let's go home. He was quite all the way to the car but once we got there he started yelling at me. Some guy had been checking me out and he had the shits. I had no idea, i was watching the show. For the first time I yelled back telling him to go and yell at the guy if he was brave enough. Faster than I could have thought he slapped my face and then drove home. I was so angry but awake to what an tosser Pants was, I made up my mind to leave him.

Monday came and I went to work but when I knew he had left I went back and packed my things. I left a note telling him it's over and don't come looking for me. Of course he came to my parents place. My Father and Brother were very angry that he had hit me and went out to have a word with him. Like all bullies he was a coward and he run after my Brother told him he was going to break his arms and legs. He did turn up at my work but my boss is also my Cousin and she told him my Brother was on his way over, he run again.

At first I just only went work / home work / home but after a month I have cabin fever. My parents worried about Mr Pants let me go out but only with someone. I went out and bought a whole new lot of clothes. Low cut tops, tight pants, sexy stuff. After 3 months I had to do something so Kath and Cathy said we should go clubbing. I had to beg my parents like a teenager not a twenty 23 year old but it worked, finally we were going clubbing.

I thought it would do my ego a world of good to have some guys drool over me, I would not let them buy me drinks because it was too soon to go home with anyone. I picked my new black bra and matching G string, poured myself into my black pants the tightest pants i have ever had and topped it off with a blue top that might have been even tighter. We met at Kath's place for early drinks because it was closer to the city, it was not until we were in the taxi that I asked.

What club are we going to girls?

Well um The Beat.

That's a gay club right?

Um yes but we go there all the time don't we Cathy.

Yes, there all types at The Beat not just gay.

And there's no chance that Crazy Pants will be there.

(I laughed) No there's no chance he will be there.

You'll love the music so good to dance to.

Okay the Beat it is then.

We went inside, it was divided into three rooms. The first room had a bar and table and chairs with soft music so you could talk. To the left and right were two different rooms with louder music to dance too. As we approached a group got up to free up a table. I was left on table guard duty while Kath went to get a round of drinks and Cathy went to the toilet. The girls had only just left went I noticed a beautiful girl coming my way. She was tall with black hair pulled back into a pony tail. She had tight white pants on they looked like they were painted on and a pink sleeveless top. I could not look past her huge boobs, bigger than mine. I thought she must be a super model by how hot she looked. She was smiling at me and the smile reached her hazel eyes making them sparkle, the kind of smile that would melt hearts. I thought she must want the table seeing only me at it.

Hi I am Amber.

Hi Jacinta.

Are you alone?

No my friends are just getting drinks.

Well I guess there's no point asking about buying you a drink.

(She laughed and so did I but I did not know why .) 

Are you alone?

You ask the one question that makes me look like a real idiot, yes i am alone.

Would you like to join us then?

Oh you are so sweet, thank you so much but i would not dream of pushing in on your girls night out.

Well if you change your mind we'll be here.

Thanks, there is one thing you could do for me... save a dance for me please?

Sure of course it will be fun.

See you later then.

As Amber left Cathy turned up .

Shit can't leave you alone for 1 second without someone trying to pick you up!

What? Amber was not picking me up.

Are you stupid or something she's a lesbian.

No she's too beautiful to be a lesbian.

Fuck J look around half of the women here are beautiful and their all lesbians.

( Kath arrived with our drinks. )

What's happening?

Porn star tits just got picked up in 1 second!

I did not know she was gay... maybe she won't be back.

Oh sweetie your beautiful she 'll be back.

And you'll have to tell her you're not gay okay! 

Lighten up Cathy, give J a brake.

Cathy and I gave each other bad looks the rest of the night. I love both of these girls like Sisters but Cathy's tough love feels like bitchiness. I know I sound dumb but I forgot where we were and might have drunk too much too soon. No more drinks for me I thought and no sign of Amber. We moved to one of the dance rooms and i started to relax. I needed to toilet and the line up was too long so I went out to the quite room where there was no line. On the way back there was Amber.

Hi Jacinta.

Hi Amber.

Can I buy you that drink now?

I have to be totally honest Amber, I am not gay and letting you buy me a drink feels like I would be taking advantage of you.

Well to be totally honest I am gay and if we buy each other a drink we both will be taking advantage or neither of us will be.

I had to laugh at her crazy logic.

Okay lets get a drink.

We found a table and sat down to talk.

Have you had a good night? I bet lots of girls offered to buy you a drink.

Well maybe a couple have offered but i already have my heart set on someone else and it would not be right to take the drink.

So why did you pick me of all the girls here?

Easy you're the most beautiful girl here and it's not often I meet a girl with bigger boobs than me.

Thank you but I could never be the most beautiful girl in any room that you're in and your boobs are bigger.

Thank you and lets just call the boob thing a draw okay?

Okay, so are you a super model or something?

No a flight attendant.

Same thing never see an ugly flight attendant do you?

I was amazed how easy Amber was to talk to, like we had known each other for years. We talked about work and life. I shocked to find out her ex cheated on her and I might have told her she was the most beautiful girl I have ever seen before I could stop myself. I was surprised to find myself leaning across the table while we talked, she was leaning to and our faces were close. Suddenly someone yelled and we both jumped. Cathy was there.

Here you are we were worried about you, did she tell you she's not gay?

Yes.

But you still think you can get her into bed though!

Actually I think you'll find it's Jacinta trying to get me into bed.

That's not what Cathy thought Amber would say and for the first time in her life she had nothing to say, just standing there mouth open. I laughed and Cathy spat back.

You know you two look alike almost identical.

She turned and stormed off as we laughed again.

Do you really think I am trying to get you into bed? 

Well you know what I am and you know what I want but you're still here. I think you want me as much as I want you but you won't admit it... yet.

I asked myself for the first time could I go home with this incredible woman?

I wonder if nothing happens with us tonight which one will be more disappointed tomorrow? Right now we both think the other one but maybe tomorrow it will be us. 

She gave me something to think about, how many opportunities will Amber have to go home with a nice looking girl? Every time she goes out. How many opportunities will I have to go home with the most beautiful girl in the world? One is the answer. I was not ready to let Amber go yet so i decided to change the pace.

Let's dance.

How far can I push it?

Um as far as you like (I had no idea want she meant)

We went to the dance floor and she pulled me in tight so we were glued together. Forehead to forehead, our big boobs squashed together, crutch to crutch, pressed together from foreheads to knees. She slipped her hands on my butt and pulled my crutch into hers, I had nowhere for my hands so I grabbed her butt and pulled her crutch to mine. Both of our pants were tight and i felt our pussies touch through our pants or maybe i wanted to feel them touch. I was intoxicated by her natural scent, the smell of the shampoo in her hair all made me dizzy. The music and all the other people seemed to disappear until it was only the two of us. Our noses slipped to the side of each other and then again until our noses touched each others cheeks, our lips brushed. We both opened our mouths and just touched lips again. I wanted to kiss her so badly it hurt, we both closed to tiny gap. I felt tingly all over as her soft lips touched mine, then a little lick of tongues. 

Let's not both wake up disappointed tomorrow let's wake up with each other.

YES!

Yes?

Lets go right now.

We almost run out the club to a taxi, I had to ring my friends from the car to tell them where I was. Funny enough they knew I would go home with Amber before I did and even had a bet between them.

Are you nervous?

Yes but it has nothing to do with you being a girl, are you?

Yes but it has nothing to do with you being a girl (we both laughed) We can go as fast or slow as you want to Jacinta.

What i want is for us to fuck each others brains out to be honest.

That's what i want too but

No buts it's what will be happening!

We had to keep our hands off each other because the taxi driver spent more time looking at us then the road. I knew it was a big night for both of us not just me. Amber had been single for 6 months and no sex in that time so i wanted to be a good lover for her. I knew how to please a woman but she could show me the finer points of lesbian lovemaking. I lent over and whispered into Amber's ear.

When we get to your place i'll show you what it would be like when you came home after a few days away.

She turned to face me and we rubbed the tips of our noses together and were about to kiss when the drive coughed.

We are here ladies.

Once again we almost run up to Amber's place. She took off her shoes outside the door so i did the same but when she opened the door i jumped at her with an open mouth. She returned the heat of my kiss two hot hungry open mouths trying to swallow each other and tongues twisting and wrapping around each other. We staggered inside and some how managed to close and lock the door while kissing. Our bodies came a part so we could put two hands on each other big boobs but our lips never parted. As tangled as we were we slowly staggered into the next room and both reached a hand down to rubbed the others pussy. I push her off me and pull off her top, she did the same. Amber pulled me back in and we rubbed her white bra against my black one while we kissed some more. Both reaching around and undoing the others bra, we stepped backwards letting the bras slid down our arms until the cups meet and the straps past though each other into a knot. We dropped the tangled bras and admired the naked boobs in front of us. They were both huge but Amber's were a little bigger, she grabbed my arms and slowly pulled me into her. If my pussy was damp before it was a flood now. I have never felt anything to match the first time our naked boobs touched. I was tingly all over as we rubbed backwards and forwards and my nipples became hard. Taking the lead i bent down and licked and sucked her erect nipples doing what i loved being done to me. By her sharp intake of breath i knew she loved it as i suck one boob and fondled the other with my spare hand rubbing her pussy. It had been 6 months since someone had touched Amber so i was n't surprised how quickly she came, weak legged she sat down on the arm of the couch to recover. Quickly she reversed our roles with her tongue and hands roaming my nipples and pussy. I know i came quicker than she did as it was my turn to be weak legged.

Where's the bedroom? 

She pointed up the stairs, we started to kiss and stagger again but this time she stopped me.

We will fall and kill ourselves if we do this up the stairs.

She held my hand and started to show me the way but i pulled away and started to tug on her pants.

Pants come off on the stairs first.

Okay but you too.

We took turns pull off the others pants then G strings. I playfully tired our G strings in a knot wet crutch to wet crutch. Now a moment to let our eyes drink in the others naked body for the first time, i liked what i saw and her smile told me she did too. Amber beckoned me over and pulled me into another hug. This time one bobbed up while the other bobbed down. I loved to feel of her soft hairless crutch rubbing on my crutch and stomach. Our boobs were too big to slide easily with the bottom pair bumping into the top pair and struggling until they popped free of each other and jiggled only the start back the other way. It did not last long enough for me, soon we continued our staggering kissing journey to the bedroom bumping into many walls on the way but we finally made it.

When Amber's legs bumped the unmade bed i pushed her down spread her legs and lowered my face down. I had tasted my own pussy before but i liked hers better. My fingers rubbed the top of her pussy looking for her clit while my tongue worked it's magic. When her breathing quickened and her back arched i doubled my speed to match. For the second time i brought her to orgasm quickly but i did not stop and soon another one followed. Between gasps for breath she flipped me over and it was my turn. I would have loved to 69 and hoped we could get back to it somewhere in the night. Talk about over confident i thought i was good at eating pussy but Amber showed me what a real lesbian can do. She barely touched me and i was squirming with her fingers and tongue going everywhere. Every time i felt close to cumming she stopped, laughing after i called her all sorts of names. Finally her tongue found my clit and i exploded. She looked up at me and i saw my cum on her face, i would have loved to lick it off but she rubbed it into her own pussy.

Have you ever rubbed pussies together?

No show me.

You'll love it, we move our legs like this and rub pussy to pussy.

She showed me spreading her fingers into a V and pushing them together. I imagined us doing it and wondered how we would pleasure each other tangled like this, boy i was so wrong. She climbed onto the bed leaning back on her arms and spread her legs. I have often heard pussies described like flowers and now i knew why. As Amber spread her legs her pussy opened like a flower bud opens to the sun, one of the most amazingly erotic things i have ever seen. I did the same and hoped my pussy looked as good and hers did. Amber beckoned me to come closer and while we scooted toward each other she moved our legs into the right positions. There was something so hot about how our legs slid up each others until two hot wet pussies meet. I could talk about how the nerve endings of my pussy were screaming with more pleasure than i have every felt before or how Amber would slowly pull her wet pussy off mine and our lips would stick together until they slowly peeled apart but the thing that surprised me the most is the noises our pussies made. Wet sucking sounds like as if our pussies were talking to each other.

Both leaning back on our hands she began to buck her hips rubbing her pussy up mine. When she was sliding back i bucked my hips to rub forward. It was amazing we could quicken or slow the pace of our rubbing. We started out slow enjoying the feeling but soon the pace quicken as we draw each other to an orgasm.

This position is called cowgirl, you can guess why. 

Amber moved up while i stayed on my back and she rode me like a cowgirl, after we both had an orgasm it was my turn to ride her. Each time we made the other cum we changed positions and more and more we mixed our cum. I felt cum going down my thighs and the cum going down Amber's thighs was all over my stomach and butt. I had no idea lesbian sex was so messy but i loved every minute of it. Amber had me lay on my back with my legs spread as far as i could and she squatted on me. I thought it was not the best position we had tried because the contact was not great until our clits touched. I had an electric shock course though my body as our clits bumped and circled. Just when i thought i had no more cum to give i start to build again. Seeing this Amber quickened her pace and we had our first simultaneous orgasm. Exhausted we collapsed onto the bed and realized how wet it was. We grabbed the top sheet and tossed it on the floor, cuddled up and fell asleep in each others arms.

Now i could tell the story about how Amber's Mother let herself in the next morning and found us still tangled up and how i had to do the walk of shame naked in front of her that's when i realized knotting our g strings together was not a great idea but maybe i'll leave that one to your imagination.