 All characters are of legal age. Now, saying this is 100% fictional isn't quite right as a large part of my life is portrayed here, the only difference is that the details are more in my favor. There won't be any sex for this chapter, be warned. The build-up is fairly long and if you're looking for quickies then this is not the place for you. I'm new at this, so please comment and let me know how I can make it better in the future.

*****

I don't know about you but high school has always been tedious for me. The socializing, academic studies or even the extra curricular activities always seem like a waste of time to me, not that I'm anti-social or slacking off at school by any means. I'm not extra-terrestrially smart but I do well enough to stay at the top of the class. Getting good grades was not and has never been difficult for me, I do particularly well under pressure and I excel in English and Chemistry. Now, I know I sound snobby but it's the truth, believe it or not. Because I've always done well whether I paid attention in class or not, I tend to tune teachers out, okay, so I don't give a shit about what they have to say. More than often, I would get on their nerves and that automatically puts me on their black list. Still, they can't "give me a hard time" and all I do is make them sweat trying to keep up with me.

Well, let's give you a vision of what I look like: I'm 5'6 - quite tall for Asian girls - with shoulder-length black hair but I recently dyed it to give it a light brown look. I have tan skin and eyes so dark you can't make out my pupils. I'm a B-cup, I know I know I almost fit the tomboy/butch category, almost. I like to wear my hair down so as to look girlier. Oval-faced, small lips and a pert nose, I don't look too bad although I wish my complexion was brighter. I'm quite athletic as I enjoy all kinds of sports: foosball (it's called table football in some countries, I think), badminton, basketball, swimming even. I have a four-pack approaching six and the infamous abdominal v-line. I have 2 piercings on my right ear and one on my left. All in all, you will likely remember my face if you were ever to see me in a crowd.

Life has never been easy for me as it is for my peers; my mom and dad aren't on good terms, to say the least. Hell, I caught him trying to make a move on our housekeeper one night when I was just 8 years old. Long story short, I made no effort to forgive him even now that 10 years have passed and I generally tried to stay away from him most of the time albeit we live under the same roof. My mom tried her best to help me where my dad couldn't but I don't know if it was just me being selfish at the time, but it was never enough, I was young and I demanded attention from people, blame me. Having had to go through such an event at a young age, I willed myself from crying over petty things and built a wall of defense that I was so proud of all my life (not that I've lived that long, lol). 

I think that's where my attitude problem came in, I had trust issues and I took joy in getting under those who think they're so high and mighty with all their credentials' skin, my dad was a great part of the forming of the latter, so to speak. My reputation preceded me and soon teachers all over the school knew about me. Even the new ones held prejudice against me, funny how people believed things before they even saw it for themselves if the information was true or not. Those were the ones I enjoyed ticking off the most. I was never a bully but my classmates knew better than to rat me out to the teachers whenever I pulled a prank on them. One time I made a teacher so mad she cried and ran out of class. Oh well, not my fault she wanted to make jokes about me not being all that good at school and that I'd never get anywhere in the near future with that attitude of mine. I told her getting a job here wasn't where I'd like to "get" in the future and that teachers here were a bunch of losers who couldn't make it to the nice private schools and ass-kissers for that matter, they kissed the Dean's and parents' ass more than Cathy the slut ever did anyone. Oops.

Unlike most girls, I tended to stay away from drama as much as possible even though I was a notorious troublemaker. I was civil to everyone I came across but I had a tight circle and I never considered expanding it. I also liked playing tricks with other people's minds. You see, I had a knack for reading them, I still do. Players weren't even close to my level. I didn't know how, I just did. I was able to do things to them that made them fall in love with me, then I just dumped them like nothing ever happened. People now knew better than to get in a relationship with me but some dude would still try "winning my heart" every now and then, but they never succeeded. I was bad both inside and out. I had never actually loved anyone or fell in love with any, mostly because I had trust issues I think. That was working wonders for me until something happened that fateful year. Two weeks in my senior year, my class got split and merged with another one because my class at the time had a low number of students with only 16, so half my class (thankfully it was the half that had my clique and I) merged with a class that had 16 also, making it a total of 22 students. As I mentioned earlier, I was popular and well-connected so the people in the new class weren't total strangers. In fact, all of us had been friends at some point in the pass but no where pass the point of politeness. I was making rounds with my clique when I finally saw her, my my did puberty do her justice... 

This isn't one of those stories where you see a pretty girl that makes you go gay, no, I knew I was bisexual a long time ago and I had had my fair share of girlfriends and boyfriends but I swing harder towards girls. Now that we got that out of the way, let me tell you a thing or two about Chloe. Chloe was an exotic looking Asian girl that looked like she was of mixed race but in truth not. A couple inches shorter than me but that never stopped her from seizing attention whenever she entered the room. Eyebrows almost perfect as Cara Delevingne's, big brown eyes and long, luscious hair that got most of the girls at our school jealous, myself included. She was lean with a little baby fat here and there but no less feminine. Her breasts were a full C-cup, no sagging whatsoever. 

She was certainly one of the better looking girls and she knew it. A lot of guys couldn't get enough of her and they practically threw themselves at her most of the time. She knew she looked good but she was never arrogant and she would always turn them down nice and easy, unlike some of the more popular girls. That made me liked her even more, I like my girls feminine, confident but never pompous. I figured, since we're already gonna see each other for a long period of time, why not mess with the cutest girl in school? 

To start off, Chloe and I weren't total strangers; we knew each other a few years back but we didn't run in the same circles, and she most definitely looked a lot better now than when we first got to know each other. We were always polite to each other but never actually friendly. It had been a year or two since we last talked to each other and now one simple glance her way wasn't enough for me anymore. I got to stare at her on a regular basis so I guess having my class split in two wasn't so bad after all.

Our classroom was divided into small groups of tables and unfortunately I didn't sit in her group as I had a circle of my own and she had hers. But thankfully my good friend Katrina sat with Chloe and I pretended to come over at recess to talk to her but actually I was trying to get closer to Chloe. I kept dropping innuendos from time to time and if Chloe had taken any interest in that, she didn't show any of it although she would also flirt back occasionally.

Chloe and I had a lot in common, we lived in the same neighborhood, we shared the same horoscope sign (we're both Taurus, and she was born two weeks after me), we both knew a lot of people even though I didn't enjoy socializing as much as her. My taste in fashion was a lot like hers too, we had a thing for Marc Jacobs wrist watches and Christian Louboutin lipsticks. She wasn't as good as I was academically but generally very perceptive. She could hold a conversation on just about every topic: fashion, make up, sports, celebrities, you name it. She might look fragile, but she certainly can bite. One guy tried flirting with her shamelessly once only to be put down in front of his football teammates. He was so embarrassed that he never tried that again.

As the semester flew by, Chloe and I got closer than just being civilized; we'd text and talk to each other a lot. I generally don't get infatuated with anyone no matter how good looking they are because I think it's childish and like I said before, I had trust issues. I always thought girls who looked that good were trouble, they'd try and be nice to you only to spread rumors about you afterwards. Chloe was never fake and she wasn't shy about speaking up her opinions, there was so much to like about her that I almost considered not messing with her, almost.

But there was one teeny-tiny little problem in my master plan of messing with Chloe. A part of it was because she had been nothing but nice and sweet towards others and I thought she didn't deserve this. Sill, I liked playing games and that was exactly I was going to do. 

But the other part of the problem was life. You see, life likes hitting you like a bus when you least expect it. I was out playing pools with my friends and when I got home, the motherfucking place was on fire. My dad, being the bastard that he was, got so drunk he lit the damn house on fire. I wouldn't really give a shit about things like this since my family is very much well off, but this time the bastard really outdid himself, he scorched everything with everyone still inside, including my mother, the house maids and him. So the Cliff's notes version was that I had to find a new place to stay and I was doing all that on my own, taking care of the funerals, contacting relatives, you know the drill.

The passing of my mother seemed to have a bigger blow on me than I thought; my anger management issues got worse, I practically lived on one night stands; hell, one time I got so wasted I almost had an orgy. 

Months flew and I began to skip class and slack off, just a bit, I could still get good grades whenever I felt like it. I hung out with the people your parents warned you against, the ones that roamed the streets with their gangs, rich kids that had nothing better to do than waste their parents' money on drugs and fancy stuff. I indulged myself in some of those luxuries but I never did drugs, guess there was still some good left in me. Since I was skipping school, I didn't see Chloe that often anymore and I partied every night now that I had my own place and a lot of money at my disposal to do as I please, I met pretty girls and cute guys all the time so that kind of took my mind of Chloe for a bit.

My attention turned fully to Chloe after that one night. I was at an alley near the pub downtown planning a hit on this kid who was new in the area and thought he could mess with me since everyone knew of me as "the bitch in charge" and they made sure new-comers knew that as well. I was talking to some dude, Marco or Matthew, couldn't remember, couldn't care less:

"What are you going to do about the new kid? Want me to teach him a lesson or two?" Marco/Matther asked me.

"Ooh I'd love to fuck him till he drops and get my boys to beat the crap out of him" some girl chimed.

"Nah, I'm actually feeling merciful today. Let's just slip some laxatives into his drink and wait till he rushes to the bathroom then stop him and beat the crap out of him. He might carry some kind of STDs already for all I know and the first thing you thought of was fucking him?" I glared at the girl who made that idiotic suggestion. She immediately shrunk behind some dude next to Marco/Matthew.

"You're being so nice today, who are you and what did you do to Vanessa?" My best friend of 10 years Katherine asked me.

"Hardy har har, very funny. I'm sure that's good enough for chicken shits like him. If he is ever to try and mess with me again, well then let's just say he'll be packing soon enough." I smirked.

"What, are you gonna have Thadeus hit him or what?" David, the guy who I could then recognized standing next to Marco/Matthew asked.

"Well, not just him, I'm going to skewer his entire fucking family myself and make it look like an accident." I replied, still looking smug.

"Shit, what if you got caught?" Marco/Matthew chuckled, wagging his eyebrows playfully at me.

"As if, the police still owes my family big time for funding that stupid project of theirs. They wouldn't want me to stop "cooperating" with them now would we?" I finally said and we all laughed. Just right then, I saw a girl-ish figure lurking in the dark on the other end of the alley so I excused myself and went to find out who it was:

"I'm gonna go get a drink, you bitches make sure not to have too much fun without me aight?" I didn't wait for their response as I stealthily went the opposite direction so that I could sneak up on this little spy. She was still looking at my gang when I was behind her back. Then it hit me; this wasn't some spy, it was Chloe! I forcefully pulled her to the side, out of ear shot:

"What the fuck do you think you're doing Chloe?" I hissed, looking at her dead in the eyes.

"I-I was just looking for a bathroom, I wasn-wasn't snooping or anything." She stammered, breathing heavily, apparently I had just scared the shit out of her. Damn, she still looked good enough to eat, scared and nervous. 

I took a step back, finally taking her in. She was wearing a tight-fitting laced black top with Calvin Klein ripped jean shorts and a pair of Air Jordan 1 "Chicago", typical Chloe- fashionable and oozed money head to toe. Still, I managed to keep a cool face and ask her:

"Boheme's (the name of the pub) bathroom is in the basement, not out in a corner. So I'm giving you one last chance to tell truth Chloe, what the fuck do you think you're doing?" I asked, getting awfully distracted by the minute because that lace top of hers showed off the top of her boobs.

"Like I said, I was looking for a bathroom and I got lost. What I do is none of your business, Vanessa. I can't believe you're skipping school to hang with those losers. What changed you anyway?" She said, looking feistier now.

"So you really were snooping," I paused, waiting for recognition to hit her and continued "What I do is not your business either. How much of it have you heard already?" I asked her, still looking into her eyes the whole time.

"I-I.." She sighed, "I heard all of it, Vanessa. Did you really mean that?" She looked down, shyly whispered. If she looked hot all confident she sure looked a lot cuter now that she was nervous. 

"I don't know, would you like to find out, liar?" I snickered, half-serious half-playing intimidating her.

"I-I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. It's just that it's been so long since we last met and I was worried about you, you know, after the accident." She stammered again, but lifted her gaze to meet mine. The mentioning of that eventful night seemed to have put me back on auto pilot again and I returned to my cold demeanor.

"As you can see, I'm still alive and well. Don't let me catch you snooping around again or you can find out if I can actually skewer you or anyone for that matter." I said, turning to walk away. She was fully behind my back when I felt a soft, delicate hand on my left wrist:

"Please Vanessa, don't be mad. I didn't mean to bring that up. Katrina left me and I was just trying to find someone to help me call a cab because my phone died when I caught the sight of you." She looked at me, and I could see she was telling the truth. She looked like she was about to cry. Who was I to make such an exquisite creature cry?

"Fine, don't mention it. Still need help calling a cab or something?" I asked, surprised that she hadn't let go now that I stopped.

"Actually, can you let me stay at your place tonight? I told my mom I was sleeping at Katrina's and now she took off. If I come home now my mom's gonna smell the booze on me and probably never let me out of the house again." She pleaded, those big brown eyes were still glistening and looking a lot like puppy-dog eyes by the second.

I groaned, it was still early and I wanted to drink some more. "Can I just call you a cab to Katrina's? It's too early to go home now." I said, looking like an irritated child who just had its play time cut short.

"Forget it, sorry for bothering you anyway." With that, she turned in the opposite direction and headed inside. I shrugged, admiring her ass from behind and went to the bar. I was on my 5th shot when I finally caught the sight of her sitting near the entrance, still looking pissed that Katrina bailed on her. Hell, how is this girl so hot even when she's mad? I closed the 3 foot distance between us and got into her booth:

"Hey, still need a ride?" I grinned, taking a sip from her drink. It was some pink-ish concoction and too sweet for my liking.

"Why now? Got bored playing kissy-face with little miss blondie over there?" She hissed, looking away when she finished asking. Was that a hint of jealousy I detected? This is gonna be fun, I thought.

"Aww sorry baby, you know you're the only one that keeps me up all night." I told her, still wearing that shit-eating grin on my face, wagging my eyebrows dramatically for effect.

"I didn't mean it like that!" She smirked, "I thought you wanted to hang with your friends?" Her gaze seemed cold now, air quoting "friends". I dropped the innuendo and told her coolly:

"Fine, stay here till Katrina comes back for you then. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going back to my friends." I stepped out of the booth, already making my way back to the bar. She got up promptly and said:

"Vanessa, I'm sorry, okay? I'm not judging, and I most definitely mean no harm. Can you take me home now?" Chloe said, lacing her fingers with mine now. I looked down at our joined hands and back at her.

"Wait here." I said, and went to tell Marco/Matthew I was leaving and left a huge tip for the bartender. She winked at me after seeing Chloe immediately holding my hand when I got back to her. I chuckled softly and shook my head at her. She shrugged, but was still smiling at me.

"Wait a minute, you drove here?" She asked, looking stunned, whether at the fact that I was going to drive after drinking so much or that I had such a sweet ride (it was a black Mercedes Benz SLS AMG), I didn't know.

"Relax, sweet cheeks, I have a driver." I opened the door for her and waited for her to get in first. John, a man in his mid fifties greeted me:

"Good evening, Ms. Le. Where are we heading?" He inquired, already starting up the engine. I looked at Chloe to see if she wanted to grab something to eat, she said nothing, still holding my hand the entire time and looked out the window.

"Hey John. Let's just head home for now. I'll figure out where to next later." Chloe turned to me, looking at me dead in the eyes again. God, I can really get lost in them, I thought.

"You're leaving again?" Her face showed no emotions. I was surprised that she thought I'd actually be going home this early:

"Well yeah, I'll drop you off at my place and maybe come back here or somewhere else later." I said, still looking surprised. She tightened the grip on my hand and looked out the window again. This time, she looked pissed again but I still couldn't wrap my head around as to why. 

She was silent all the way home and stormed inside my house. She had been here numerous times before and knew that she could walk in anytime without having to knock. That girl was going to be the death of me, even if I didn't realize it then.
