 After saying good-night to her husband and 3 kids, Hayley trotted to the end of the drive where her friend Victoria was waiting in her minivan. As she ran, Victoria couldn't help but notice Hayley's full breasts bounce with each step and be a little envious. It was girls night out, another product party at their friend Cara's, at least tonight would be a little more interesting since it wasn't jewelry, food or purses it was a party for sex toys.

On the way to the party they picked up the third in their trio of friends, Natalie. All three were transplants to the area and over the past year had become great friends. Once the three of them were in the van cheerful chatter filled the air which passed the time to Cara's house miles from town down a series of long gravel roads. 

Cara was a great hostess and was prepared with a wide variety of brightly colored alcoholic drinks to help relax her guests. After an hour of pre-party social mixers and several drinks, Cara called for the party to begin. She announced that all the guests would be playing a game called "Who's turning me on?" during the party and explained the rules. 

Each guest would choose a small remote from one bag and from a second separate bag they would select a small wireless vibrator. Then each guest was to put the vibrator in their panties. Each remote controlled an unknown vibrator. Throughout the night guests would turn on and off their remote control. The object of the game was two-fold. First, to correctly guess who was controlling your vibrator and second determining who's vibrator you controlled by the end of the night. The small party of women laughed at the game, but one by one they visited the bathroom and slipped their vibrator into their panties. 

The party consultant got the party going and by showing a wide variety of dildos, vibrators, creams and gels which caused giggles from many of the guests. Drinks and merriment continued as they passed around the props of many sizes, shapes, colors and vibration speeds. 

Hayley, along with most of the other women, was having a hard time focusing on the party. Whomever was controlling the vibrator in her panties was relentless. She would leave it on for a long time before shutting it off again. Hayley was being teased, with each alternating on and off bringing her closer to climax. She could hardly think about who's vibrator she was controlling. 

Victoria knew that her remote controlled Hayley's vibrator within the first few minutes. Hayley is naturally pretty jumpy and let out a squeak the first couple times she hit the on button. For Victoria, that's when the fun really began. She was stealthy about activating the buzzing in Hayley's panties and was really enjoying controlling her friend. It wasn't long before Victoria could see Hayley showing signs that she was getting turned on. What a fun game. 

Initially Victoria's vibrator was only getting buzzed in short bursts which was enough to have her want more, but it made it really hard to guess who was controlling her. Then, instead of a short pulse, the vibrator stayed on. Victoria kept waiting for it to stop, but it didn't. Minutes passed and Victoria had checked out of the conversations and had started to concentrate on the gentle hum of vibrations between her legs. Her competitive nature drove her to hide her excitement from her controller, but she found herself on the brink of orgasm. She finally admitted to herself that she was going to cum, but believing she could do so without anyone else noticing. Closing her eyes she set back in her chair as the waves of delight quietly rocked over her body. Then the vibrating stopped.

"I've got Victoria!" exclaimed Cara holding the remote in the air like a trophy. Victoria opened her eyes to see everyone staring at her in awe and immediately realized they all had watched her climax. She was too buzzed to be more than moderately embarrassed, especially among friends. They all giggled about it and the game. Once you learned who was "turning you on" you got to keep the remote and the set became your take home gift. 

The young women continued to drink, fill out orders, chat and play "who's turning me on." Hayley figured it was probably a pretty good sales night for the consultant given the heightened state of arousal of her customers. 

Natalie had about had enough. During the main part of the party her buzzing had really excited her and when Victoria had climaxed she watched her in envy. Natalie snuck one of the larger vibrating dildos into her purse and slipped off to the bathroom for relief. The door was barely closed before she had removed her panties and opened her legs. She had forgotten about the vibrator in her panties until it fell to the floor with a thump. With her panties removed, she had the necessary access to the pussy hidden by her dress. Pulling the dildo from her purse she used its tip to trace up and down the opening to her pussy. It reacted to the stimulation by opening like a flower before engulfing the gel member. Natalie plunged the dildo ever deeper into her wanting love hole, in and out at increasing speed. With the push of a button at its base the dildo sprang into life sending vibrations throughout her body. With each stroke, her excitement grew.

A knock on the door shocked Natalie from her build up. It was Victoria and Hayley -- they said a storm was coming and they needed to get going ASAP. Disappointed and still sexually unsatisfied, Natalie picked up her soaked panties and dropped them and the Dildo in her purse, still exited.

The three girls said their goodbyes to everyone and thanked Cara for an exciting night out of the house. It had already started raining heavily when the girls trotted out to Victoria's van. The rain was cold, but it was a nice relief compared to the 90 degree weather they had been having lately. 

Victoria headed out of Cara's long country drive and turned onto the first gravel road. Soon they were going only 10 mph and couldn't see past the hood of the van. The girls were discussing pulling off the road when the van jerked and came to an abrupt halt. Hayley, who was sitting in the passenger's seat, got out of the van into the pouring rain to assess their situation only to determine they had gone off the road and were hung up. By the time she got back into the van, she was soaked from head to toe. After consulting with their husbands via phone they agreed to wait out the storm in the van and then Austin (Hayley's husband) would come pull them out.

With nothing else to do, the girls folded down the seats in the back of the van (thank goodness for stow away seating, cracked open some of the alcohol Cara had sent home with them and kept the party going. 

Hayley was feeling rather restricted by her wet blouse, so she peeled it off and threw it in a corner of the van. This time it was Natalie who noticed Hayley's full breasts bulging from beneath her lacy black bra. 

The girls talked about the party and the conversation turned to Victoria's public orgasm. Victoria shared that in her state not only was she not embarrassed, but having an orgasm in the open had been erotic.

Natalie was quick to respond saying she was envious that Victoria got to have an orgasm at all, because her pussy was wet and still unfulfilled. Hayley agreed and was so bold to share that she was turned on when she watched Victoria climax, but quickly added that her panties were buzzing at the time so she may have found baking a cake erotic.

"Speaking of buzzing," Natalie said. "We all know who was turning Victoria on, but did either of you find out who was buzzing you or who you were buzzing?" A sly smile crossed Victoria's face and she reached into her pocket and hit the switch. After a gasp and a jump, Hayley exclaimed, "It was you, you sultry little temptress. " 

Victoria responded, "Guilty," and made a spectacle of leaving the remote in the on position and tossing it into the front of the van. 

Hayley moved to retrieve the remote only to be mocked by Natalie, "Chicken." 

"What???" 

"Chicken," Natalie repeated. Victoria was able to climax in front of a whole room of people, you admitted that a public orgasm turned you on, are you afraid?"

Hayley decided that rather than meet further ridicule she could control her excitement. The drinking continued, but it wasn't long before Haley was leaning back on her hands, eyes closed, slowly rocking her hips.

"Haley... Haley.." cood Victoria. "What!" exhaled an obviously excited Haley. "I just wanted you to know that we are going to watch you cum, so make a show of it."

Her pussy tingled with warm tempting vibrations. She felt the muscles in her body begin to tense. It was true, Victoria had managed to have a public orgasm and at the time she was envious, what was stopping her. It may have been the alcohol or the aching between her legs, but there was no chance of turning back now so why not go with it? Hayley wasn't going to hold back.

First she unclasp her bra to free her breasts. Hayley's pink, stiff nipples made it obvious to both Victoria and Natalie she was very aroused. She began to gently squeeze each of her large breasts which rose and fell with each deep breath. 

Hayley noticed Natalie's open her legs and watched her hand disappear beneath her dress. Her friend had become aroused watching her and was now masterbating. Their eyes met burning with a fire of carnal pleasure. It turned her on even more knowing that another woman was being turned watching her. 

Gently, Hayley, pinched and rolled her stiffened nipples between her fingers, lightly moaning in her excitement. She could feel the orgasm beginning to build throughout her body. 

Victoria too was wet from Hayley's show and reached out to caress her breast. Her lean continued until her warm lips met Hayleys with a series of gentle kisses all the while knowingly rubbing her breast. At first Hayley resisted, but with each gentle kiss her lips parted more until her mouth was open, kissing back, their tongues tangled in a warm wet dance. The tenderness of her kiss and growing ache between her legs had removed any inhibitions behind by the drinking. 

Natalie couldn't believe she was masterbating watching her two closest friends make out with a tenderness only women could share. She wanted to share their passions and slowly pulled her finger from the folds of her pussy and then pulled her dress over her head. Since she had not put her panties back on and wasn't wearing a bra, she crawled to her friends wearing only heels. 

Hayley watched Natalie move toward them. Her petite body and dark complexion gave her an exotic beauty. Natalie's breasts were small, but very perky with dark, quarter sized areolas and hard matching nipples. Their eyes were locked until Natalie's warm mouth engulfed one of Hayley's very sensitive nipples. She hadn't meant to moan when her friend sucked her nipple into her mouth, but she did. A long, erotic moan her husband had never heard. 

Victoria was tugging at Haley's shorts, pulling them over her curvy hips and down her legs before throwing them into a corner of the van, revealing black, see-through lace boy short panties. Victoria's hand reached between her legs and applied gentle pressure to the vibrating egg in Hayley's panties.

The buzzing waves of pleasure intensified and Hayley could feel the orgasm building more quickly. With one hand she reached out to caress Natalie's free hanging breasts and with the other fumbled under Victoria's dress and beneath her soaked panties. Victoria spread her legs giving Hayley's finger the freedom to explore the warm wetness on its grand opening for another woman.

Victoria had often fantasized about other woman, especially Hayley. Hayley was the boldest of the friends and enjoyed flirting and wearing clothing which caused men's trousers to bulge and in her case women's pussies to moisten. She broke from her duties only long enough to remove both her dress and her panties. 

The moans of both Victoria and Hayley were filling the van, rising above the sound of the pouring rain. Natalie felt her friends growing build up and increased the intensity of her mouth and tongue on her nipple, circling, flicking, darting, sucking hard and event gently biting down. 

Listening to the gentle pleasures coming from her friend at the touch of her hand, and the added attention spent on her nipple, pushed Hayley over the edge, and wave after wave of shuddering orgasm swept over her body. She lost focus on fingering Victoria, her fingers plunging deeply inside forcefully holding her wet pussy. Victoria adjusted and started to grind her hips into Hayley's convulsing fingers, fucking them more than being fingered.

Hayley slumped back temporarily spent from pleasure.

Feeling Hayley's release and relax Natalie and Victoria turned their attention to each other. Their lips locked and wild tongues battled while wandering hands gently caressed and teased erogenous zones. In their tender embrace they managed to sit scissor style, and slowly began to grind pussy against pussy. It started with slow long strokes, but quickly advanced.

The continued buzz in Hayley's panties had helped her recover from orgasm fairly quickly, watching in envy the wet pussies of her friends locked in the same erotic dance as their mouths. She peeled off her panties letting the egg fall to the floor and crawled to her friends who welcomed her.

The Three women were locked in a purely instinctual act of passion. They were each intent on pleasing the others. 

Natalie found the dildo from her purse and stood it between Hayley's legs. Hayley mounted the silicone cock and began to ride it, each time taking it deeper inside until her pussy rested on Natalie's hand. At the end of each thrust, Natalie felt Hayley's warm wetness. 

Victoria and Natalie had broken their kiss and were concentrating on grinding against each other. The three climaxed together with loud moans, screams and debilitating shudders. 

When the orgasms finally subsided, the women's eyes met, knowing this was the beginning of a deeper friendship.