 This is a continuation of Whom You Least Expect, I strongly suggest you read that story first then read this one (it's edited in American English finally). This is one of the hardest things I had ever done; trying to give a second part to what I believed was a finished story. All around I tried to maintain the same light mood from the original, and keep the story fresh at the same time. It has more explicit situations that the last one. This story contains a mild D/s theme. I want to thank WaxPhilosophic for helping me portray this story in American English. Thanks to Axelotto for pointing some holes in the flow. Everyone involved is considered to be 18 years old or more.

Whom You Least Expect Ch.2: Messy Interlude

"Miss Martinez, do you suspect anyone?"

The man who was talking to me was tall and disheveled, with purple bags under his eyes and shaggy brown hair. His face was covered in an array of band aids.

My living room was a mix of broken furniture and shards of glass. Violet was sobbing on one of the few undamaged chairs.

"No Detective... Thomas." I read his ID badge. This felt uncannily familiar.

"Does your...," he paused.

"Girlfriend."

"Does your girlfriend suspect anyone?" he was professional with these things, he must had memorized these stupid questions.

"No," Violet said in a low nervous voice.

"Is anything missing?"

"No Detective Thomas, everything is in here.... BROKEN." 

"We need some fingerprints from you and your girlfriend to compare with the ones we're collecting now."

"Of course detective," I tried not to sound too sarcastic.

"Do you have insurance?"

"Not for this," Violet confirmed between sobs, "I already called them and they told me I wasn't covered against vandalism".

Our front door was open. There were knife marks on the wooden frame, and a piece of the frame was missing. A small center table lay in pieces, its glass top shattered. A CSI dressed in white was collecting shards one by one and checking for fingerprints, his ID badge read 'Perez'. One of our two dining chairs had a missing leg, our breakfast table was covered in scratches, our only couch had been gutted and its filling was scattered outside. Only the living room was affected, the rest of the apartment was untouched. Thank God we hadn't put our pictures on the wall.

"They broke the door frame," an officer in uniform commented, "it was rotten, but filled with plaster to hide it."

"Cheap landlord. Remind me to check on my door when I finish here." Detective Thomas grunted.

The CSI picked a piece of paper, it was crumpled in the middle of some glass shards. He opened it and handled it to Detective Thomas.

He took it with his gloved hands and read it aloud, "Give back what's mine." He put the paper in a transparent plastic bag, I could see the letters were cut from a magazine or newspaper. "Does this 'ring a bell' Miss Martinez?"

*****

"Elsa. Honey. Are you awake?" Violet's voice whispered in my ear.

"Yes Baby."

"I think your mother is calling us for breakfast."

I opened my eyes. Violet was snuggled up against me and tracing small circles on my left breast. We had been sleeping together since we were officially a couple.

I had been thinking about the chain of events that lead me to my current state. It had been a roller coaster of emotions that tossed me from left to right and upside down. Some things I had figured out already. First, I like women. Second, I was already out of the closet to my parents. Third, I'm now in love with Violet, my high school nemesis. 

Why did I fall in love with Violet?! Could it be the six months without any interaction with her? That helped me forget some of her evil deeds but not the whole lot. What about Violet's new behavior? She hadn`t reverted to her bitchy attitude yet, and she was as sweet as a candy now. I guess the combination of time away and her new attitude were enough to superimpose a new image of her over the old one. Does that mean that if she ever becomes a nasty bitch again I'll stop loving her? I don't know. I hope I'll never have to find out.

Today was the big day. Today we were going to move to a new city, college life awaits us next Monday. Violet's parents rented an apartment for the both of us. We had already packed our things in my red Volkswagen, and were ready to go.

Mom greeted us downstairs; a big breakfast was served on the kitchen table. Cereal, milk, orange juice, coffee, two rolls of bread for each of us, butter, Cheddar cheese, bacon and boiled eggs. There were even some slices of pineapple and melon; apples and bananas were there for each of us too.

"Mom, isn't this a little too much?" 

"Nonsense! You two will need a lot of energy today," mom squinted her eyes, "After last night you must be severely drained, that bed was squeaking for two hours non-stop." 

Violet's face was bright crimson. 

"Thanks Ana for such a delicious and nourishing breakfast," Violet said to my mom before anything else could be revealed.

"Finally! Someone with kind words for this old woman," Mom joked then looked at me longingly, "How the years have passed, you are now ready to spread your wings, I miss my little girl sometimes."

"Mom, I'm not a kid anymore," I hugged her, "but I'll always be your little girl."

"Aww, so cute...," Mom kissed my cheek sporting a radiant smile, two seconds later she had changed it to a worried look, "You're going to be late, sit and eat. When you finish hit the road, you've got a difficult seven-hour drive ahead of you."

"Yes Mom," I was amazed how my mother accepted Violet. I thought maybe it was because I was so happy when I was with her.

I ate my breakfast ravenously, I didn't expect to be this hungry (Mom you are the best). When we finished Violet and I said goodbye to Mom (Dad was at work as always) and went to my car. We were on the road soon after.

We were leaving the suburbs when Violet's cell phone surprised us with 'Toccata and Fugue in D Minor' from Johann Sebastian Bach, one of my favorite pieces in horror movies.

"Who's got that creepy ringtone?" my girlfriend fished her phone from her purse, gave me a hasty smile, and answered.

"Mom, we're already on the road..." Oops! It seems she really likes her mother. "No, it's fine, we know you couldn't make it... Yes mom, we know it was a last-minute thing... I have the keys, yes... Don't ask that...! Okay, okay, we brought our toys and have plenty of lube... She's driving mom, she can`t be on the phone... Stop threatening me that you will take her for yourself if I don't behave! You can't, she is mine... Bye mom. Kisses." She hung up, gave me a bright smile, and said "Mom says hi." 

I was stuck in the driver seat, my eyes fixed on the road, but my mind was in awe. What kind of conversation was that?

Ten minutes later the notes of "Irreplaceable" from Beyonce reached my ears. Violet picked again her cell phone and answered.

"What...? I told you not to call me anymore... We are over. What part of 'we are over' you don't understand...? The moment you fucked Theresa was the moment we were done. I don't want to talk to you anymore. Stop calling me!" she hung up.

"Todd still thinks I am his girlfriend," she seemed deep in thoughts after that statement.

"You told me you dumped Todd for having a big ego. What did I miss?" I didn't want to mention the part of 'lousy fuck' from our past conversation.

"I gave you the censored version. He was cheating on me with Theresa Hartman."

"The head cheerleader? The girlfriend of Tony Ferro, the swim team medalist?"

"Yes, that WHORE." 

"Did he tell you?"

"No. I found them fucking on his couch," Violet said as if it was nothing, "She threatened to cut off my head if I ever opened my mouth."

"And what did you do?"

"Do you remember when I told you I had tried two men at once? Well, I fucked her boyfriend and his best friend at the same night she was furtively fucking my ex."

"You're quite the bitch!"

"I was quite the bitch," I caught she had said it in past tense, "I gave that bastard of Todd my hopes and dreams. He was supposed to be my way to what I thought was normal. And he crushed everything by sleeping with that whore. Elsa when you found me I was desperate, empty, and lonely. You were like an angel to me," she held my hand and our fingers entwined. 

That moment I knew the depths of her feelings, she was giving herself to me, in body and soul.

"Why didn't you block his phone number?" I asked after a while.

"He had started calling me using other people numbers, this way I can control his calls."

I looked at her and shifted uneasily in my seat. 

"You are keeping him tied to you, and in doing so you have a feeling of superiority. That's revenge Violet, and it can bring problems in the long run. It's better to cut it off, and fast. You are giving him a false hope, this is unfair to him and dangerous for you. Don't answer his calls. He needs to understand it's over."

I saw her picking her phone, she opened 'contacts', and blocked Todd's number. 

"You are right. It's better let the past go."

*****

Four hours later my back muscles were as tense as a bowstring.

"We need to stop, I need to rest. Mom was right, this road is Hell."

Violet was checking her phone; I could see she was looking at Google Maps. 

"There's a gas station close by, maybe you can rest there," Violet told me, worry in her voice.

We soon found the station. I parked my car and entered the little side store, Violet was a few steps behind. The store was small; it was mainly snacks, candies, soda pops, bottles of water, even some beer. I tried to search for a sandwich or something but found nothing of the sort. Everything in here was factory packed. I ended up buying two bottles of water. The woman behind the counter, a goth girl with piercings in her nose and lower lips, was looking at my girlfriend with amused eyes.

"I wish I could look like her," she mumbled as she handled me my change. I did a double take on her, maybe three inches shorter than my 5'6", white makeup and dark lips on a heart shaped face. Her shoulder length black hair was dyed, I knew it because the dark makeup of her eyebrows was falling and revealing she was really a blonde. She was maybe about fifteen pounds overweight. I guessed she was jealous.

My strawberry blond girlfriend was wearing her wavy hair in a ponytail, had very little makeup, and was dressed on a red t-shirt and blue jeans that hugged her curves. Violet was eyeing the sweets when another person entered the store.

"Violet Beringer!" a high-pitched voice pierced my ears, a hearty brunette was closing on Violet with arms outstretched, "Long time no see."

"Sandra Walters! How you doin' slut?" she answered in the same tone. Was this irreverent woman my sweet girlfriend?

"You know me well, always chasing a good lay. You are not that far yourself, I heard about Tony and Jake," she winked at Violet.

Sandra Walters was about the same size as Violet at 5'8". She had big round breasts, brown eyes and her light brown hair was styled in a half crown. She was dressed in a yellow sundress and white sandals.

"They couldn't satisfy my needs," Violet snarled.

"Oh you poor thing, still looking for the big 'O' then?" she let out a hearty laugh. I wanted to hit her on the nose.

"Not anymore, I found someone who turned my world upside down," Violet beamed that same false smile from before.

"Really? Who's the unlucky guy?" Where these two friends, or was this one of those social backstabbing conversations?

"A guy? I found myself a girl!"

"Huh?" Sandra was speechless. Amusement and disbelieve plastered over her face. A nervous laugh escaped her lips and commented, "A girl, I would never have guess that..., you were so into guys."

"I wish I could be like her!" the goth girl murmured again, I turned my head and saw she had a dreamy expression

"Stop the 'mumbo jumbo', I know you go both ways," Violet made a pause and added "I heard you were very good with your mouth."

Sandra was flustered. I could detect anger rising. I walked to them quickly and gave Violet one bottle of water. I slipped one arm around her waist and pulled her tight against me.

"I hope you're not trying to be unfaithful to me Baby. Aren't you going to introduce us?" Sandra was eyeing me from head to toe. She first laid her eyes on my black hair and pixie haircut. I was wearing no makeup that day, had no earrings or any jewelry on my body; I was dressed in a white t-shirt and black jeans. Her eyes made a double check on my toned arms and shoulder.

"Sandra this is my girlfriend Elsa, Elsa this 'was' my party buddy Sandra," she said that naturally, but I could feel her body was as stiff as a pole.

"Nice to meet you Elsa," her anger was noticeably diminishing, "I haven't the slightest clue how you could tame this wildcat."

"Just gave her love, that was all she needed," then added, "And a big 'O'."

"You lucky bitch, I had been trying to find a way to get inside her panties since day one." 

Sandra and I were laughing while Violet was staring at us with a blank expression.

"I should have tried the butch look; it seems it worked to get her attention."

Huh? My confusion was evident. Violet was smiling now.

"I wish I could be her...," the goth girl let out a barely audible sigh behind me. What's wrong with this girl? 

"Excuse me I need to use the bathroom," I apologized to Sandra and asked the goth girl for the bathroom keys, she gave them to me, lost in her own world. 

Inside the bathroom I faced myself in the mirror; my hair cut short, toned arms and a fit body, no makeup on my olive skin, no mascara for my olive eyes, no earrings or jewelry. My only feminine attributes were my breasts and my hips. I looked androgynous. Why hadn't I seen this before?

The outside door opened and Violet entered. She hugged me from behind, her arms around my waist.

"Did I just let myself fall into a stereotype?" I asked her.

"I don't think that's important." 

"Most girls find a butch woman irresistible you know?" 

"And you?"

"I find you irresistible as a femme or as a butch."

"You flatterer!"

"You know, I think being butch is more about being yourself that being a stereotype." Violet said while moving her fingers up and down against my tummy.

"Maybe you are right," it made sense; you are who you want to be.

Violet stared at me using the mirror, "Do you feel ashamed of your body right now?" I nodded, "Look at me!" Violet said and I did it, "That toned body of yours helped three people when that thief tried to rob them at the shoe store. And that body helped me at the club that night. Don't feel ashamed of it."

She was making me melt in her arms. She started to kiss my neck and earlobes, her hand caressing and pulling at my t-shirt.

"Elsa. Just say what you want, and I'll do it. Anything to make my girl feel better," she kissed my shoulders and one of her hands was inside my t-shirt caressing my breasts.

There was a good chance we could get caught, but she was pushing all the right buttons. My skin was hot and her warm breath was exciting me. I turned around and pushed her against the wall, my mouth trapping hers, my hands on her hips. Her right hand was holding my head and her left caressed my back. Our tongues fought with each other in desperation. Usually she was not like this.

I was starting to suspect something.

"Did your friend got you hot?" I asked her between kisses.

"That slut? Please! She fucks everything that moves!"

I slid my fingers inside the front part of her jeans and felt her panties. They were completely soaked.

"Violet, you wanted to fuck her at those parties. You just never let yourself go because you were afraid of 'turning gay'," I kept rubbing her through the panties.

"Damn you Elsa! Why you have to know me so well?"

I separated from her and gave her a stern look. Violet's face was like a deer caught in the headlights.

"Remove your jeans and panties, you're going to hop up over that countertop and then hold your legs open for me. I'm going to mark what's mine," I instructed her in an icy tone. She was quickly out of her clothes in no time her legs were spread with her hands holding the back of her knees. Well, maybe she was more afraid of my anger than being caught fucking in a public bathroom.

I started by kissing her inner legs and around her tummy. Her pungent and musky smell was telling me how aroused she was.

"Why were you a bitch to her?" I asked.

"Who...? Oh! She started by calling me frigid and then laughed at me!"

"Violet, you almost got in trouble again! I had forgotten how easy it was for you to hurt others..." She was silent, "Your friend didn't like to be reminded, in public, of her sexual expertise," she chuckled at that.

I licked her taint with the tip of my tongue and she let out a soft whimper, I touched my nose to her hairless vulva and it felt as wet as a sponge. I inserted my tongue inside her folds and an even greater wetness welcomed me. I kept licking and sucking her nether lips, my hands took hold of her buttocks and pushed her up a little; my mouth was now at level with her ass. 

I let my tongue roam around her little hole. She gasped at the contact. I licked her sweet ass a few times before inserting my tongue inside, her approval came in the form of a guttural noise. A copious amount of her nectar covered my nose and by her smell I knew she was enjoying my efforts.

She told me her arms were tired and I told her to rest her legs on my shoulders. When she closed her legs around my neck her pussy was at level with my mouth. I tenderly kissed her inner thighs and pussy lips, she was breathing hard and uncoordinated. I passed my nose all over her pussy and tickled her clit. I heard a low sexy moan. Slowly my tongue circled her clit, and surely enough, it was erect and full of blood. Her nether lips were wide open, and I started to move my tongue faster and faster around her pearl.

Violet was making delightful sounds of pure lust. Her passion was rising, a fire that could not be quenched. With my own libido growing, I attacked her pussy with a speed and fervor I didn't know I had. 

My tongue licked her labia at a fast pace, I then used my lips and teeth to graze the area around her clit, then back to lick her beautiful cunt. She was moaning my name when I slid my tongue inside her folds and started to fuck her. The fingers of my right hand rubbed her clitoris; the circular motion was making her mad. 

Violet's moans were louder, she did try to keep her voice low, but her mouth had other ideas. She was close, just waiting for a single push. I gave it to her when I put two fingers from my other hand inside her and massaged the spot that made her quiver.

When I felt her release she was wildly buckling her pelvis against my face while calling my name. I had to use my hands to keep her still, only my mouth continued the assault. Her vaginal juices were drowning me, but I kept sucking her and drinking from her nectar. When her orgasm subsided I continued rubbing her clit, and while at it was rewarded with another discharge of her delicious girlcum.

When I finally released her she had a vacant gaze and a really content smile.

I opened my mouth, closed it around her inner thigh, and made a hickey there. A sexy whimper escaped her lips.

A sound made me turn back. Sandra and the goth girl were standing at the door with their jaws on the floor.

"W-We're sorry! We heard s-someone screaming and t-thought...," Sandra was stuttering. The goth chick was in silence, but her eyes were fixed on my girlfriends pussy, a look of longing on her face.

"Violet, go get dress right now! We're leaving," I closed the distance toward Sandra, "Too bad you couldn't tame her. She's mine now."
