 This is a edited version of 'Whom You Least Expect'. My thanks go to Axelotto for editing my work and embellish it (I did so many mistakes, you must appreciate an editor when you find one) and KillerMuffin for her article 'Punctuating like a pro' on this site, it was very helpful and made me wonder about what I learned at school. This is a story of discovery and acceptance. This story contains references to drug use. All people involved are considered to be over 18.

Whom You Least Expect

"Miss Martinez, are you hurt?"

I had to lean back to see his face, the massive officer dwarfed my 5' 6", 136 pound frame. (I'm nearly 19, by now it is clear I got my height from my short (5'5") Hispanic dad's side of the family, rather from my statuesque (5'10") mom.) Meanwhile, his young Asian partner was handcuffing a beaten-up young man, about 25 years old.

"We're taking you first to the hospital then to the station," the rookie said to the young man, and then proceeded to read his rights.

"Look Officer LeBroc," I said reading the big officer name tag, "I am fine, he did not hurt me. Are you taking me into custody too?"

The African American officer picked a plastic bag with a rusty knife in it, shaking his head.

"No. You got witnesses and the store dependent is about to show us the video. We only need you to fill out this form."

I was looking for new shoes when the scumbag decided a shoe store was the best place to steal from customers. Two old ladies, the saleslady and I were the only ones at the store. He came inside waving that big commando knife; the ladies quickly gave up their purses with him, but when he tried to get at me pointing that ugly thing at my face I just lost it. He never saw it coming.

Years of having been bullied during my high school years had made me stronger. I devoted myself to a self-defense course for the last six months; a heavy protein diet, and a muscle building and tone up program at the gym had paid dividends today.

The saleslady showed Officer LeBroc the video. His eyes wide in amazement, he turned to look at me with incredulity.

"Miss Martinez, are you sure you are not hurt? That last kick to the head should have surely sprained an ankle." 

"Now that you mention it, I think my heel broke," I said kicking off my right sandal. I saw the heel pivoting from left to right.

"Miss Martinez, we will be in contact," Officer LeBroc said sporting a big grin. I noticed the two old ladies talking with the saleslady as he left.

I was still standing there, sandal in hand, pondering the circumstances that made me face this robber, when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and saw the saleslady smiling at me.

"Those ladies and I have decided to replace your shoes, pick one pair, it is on us."

I felt as a politician running for president. Yes, I was that elated.

