 Sorry to keep you guys waiting, I was caught up in school stuff and had something called "a writer's block". I'm not entirely sure where this story will go from here but feel free to make suggestions as I am, after all doing this for you guys. Thanks for reading and don't forget to make constructive comments, whether you enjoyed it or not!

*****

What is this? I thought to myself. So soft and so full. Hmmm. I was still in deep sleep when I felt that weird something in my right palm. Ooh is that a nipple I just touched? Damn it's so hard. I was rolling that nipple between my thumb and forefinger when my brain started working again. Shit, I didn't bring anyone home last night did I? Who is this? 

My eyes popped open and I sat up straight, only to see the sight of Chloe's, or should I say my fluffy shirt riding half way up her abdomen. Oh that's right, Chloe. I took her home with me last night. I glanced at the clock sitting on the bedside table and I groaned silently, it was only three in the morning and it was still dark outside. 

I turned to look at Chloe, and thanks to the little sleeping lamp on the table, I could clearly make out that her cheeks were flushed and her breathing was quite heavy. Huh, this should be interesting. I smirked to myself and settled back to my previous position with my right arm draped across her midsection. She stirred a bit, but she didn't wake. I lay motionless for a while, still holding her with my arm. Her breathing returned to normal and I decided to commence operation "wet dream". 

I stealthily slipped my right leg in between her thighs and pulled on her right hip gently until her bubble butt was up against my groin area. I waited to see if that had wakened her, and fortunately it didn't. I grinned, this was all too easy. 

I then began to slide her PJ-covered pussy up and down my bare leg. Her breathing got more ragged by the minute and finally it happened, the one thing I was looking for: she moaned, and quite sensually for that matter. Fuck, I can actually cum from hearing her moan like this. I thought, as I felt a familiar wetness inside my shorts. She moaned louder now, but her eyes were still shut. She didn't seem to know what was happening:

"Ah, ahh..yes, oh..oh," She whispered, breathing shallowly. Chloe wasn't fully awake yet but I could tell she was loving this. If this girl is already this fuckable half asleep, what would she even be like awake? She was grinding enthusiastically on my thigh and I don't think she even knew what she was doing. I didn't get to feel her against my bare skin but at least the view was hot, lol.

And then my baby girl came. Hard. Wait, my? She whimpered loudly and went limp. I was tempted to scoot down and have a taste of this exquisite creature but I was afraid that it would freak her out. I lay in silence for what seemed like forever and finally asked her:

"Chloe, you okay?" No reply, just her now steady breathing and mine. I asked again, still nothing but silence. I shifted down slowly so that my face was hovering above her pussy. I noticed a change in her breathing so I looked up at her face to see if she wanted to stop, but her eyes were still closed. Maybe I was too horny to know better but I thought I saw her open her legs, just a little bit.

I slowly, and gently pulled her pants down, the scent of her arousal was filling the room now. I hope she tastes as good as she smells. I thought. I nudged my nose at the thong-clatted crotch, trying to stimulate some kind of response from her. Her pelvis jerked upwards ever so slightly, but her eyes were still tightly closed. Now normally, I would find girls who pretend they're innocent and have zero clue of what's going on rather fake, but when Chloe did it, I just found her even sexier. Let's see how long you can keep those eyes of your closed, sexy. I thought, gazing hungrily at her pussy. 

I licked my lips and took one slow and long ice cream lick at her still thong-clatted pussy. She whimpered and somehow managed to still her breathing, as if not intending for me to hear her. Too bad, I already did. I smirked and took another lick at her pussy, firmer this time. She tasted divine and I sucked in her thong in desperate attempt to have more of that sweet nectar. She whimpered more loudly this time, exciting me even more.

"Ah, ah, that feels so good..don't stop, oh God," I had been with other girls in the past but no one came even close to making sounds as erotic as hers. It should have been illegal to make sounds like that..

I grew impatient, one more second away from that honey pot and I was gonna lose my god damn mind. I swiftly got rid of her thong, her pussy was bald and the lips were so plump and juicy, I almost lost control of myself when that magnificent pussy of hers was on full display. 

I took one final glance at her face to see if there was any rejection from her side and quickly settled my face in between her folds when found none. I lapped hungrily at her clit like a cat lapping a bowl of milk. Her back was arched, and when I finally took her clit into my mouth, she screamed, God I love the sound of that, and both of her hands were entwined in my hair, pushing my head deeper into her sex. I licked up and down her pussy a few more times until she came. Again.

Do you know what's even better than a woman in the throes of passion? A sexy, good-enough to eat woman in the throes of passion, that's what. Had she been a porn star, dudes all over the world would have been more than grateful to jerk off just from the sounds she makes during awesome sex. I might be flattering myself a bit too much calling it awesome sex, but I did make her cum, twice, and hard. My thigh was soaking wet the first time she came and my nose and chin were pretty much the same after the second time. Chloe eventually came down from her high and she opened her lazy eyes at me, her shirt was still on the whole time:

"So what they say about you and your tongue is true after all." She smiled sheepishly, her face got 'I just got laid' written all over it.

"Oh really? Do enlighten me," I scooted up, my face was on the same level as hers now. She wrapped her arms behind my neck, like it was the most natural thing in world, and pulled me closer to her:

"They said that tongue of yours is magic, and that you're a great kisser. I am yet to figure out the latter." She mused, looking intently into my eyes, those big brown eyes were so innocent yet sexy. My nose was touching hers, and I said, still keeping eye contact with her:

"Well then why don't you see it for yourself?" I lowered my head and kissed her fully on the lips. She seemed to like the taste of herself on my lips as she licked hungrily at them and kissed me back with matching intensity. Chloe proved to be an excellent partner as her kisses were to die for and they did keep me wanting more. Our tongues dueled for what seemed like an eternity but in truth might have been five minutes, more or less. The passion was ignited again and I started kissing down her neck.

She automatically turned her head to the side, exposing her neck to me. A sign of submission, or whatever they call it. I planted wet kisses along her neck and collarbones, causing her to gasp for air. I tugged at the hem of her shirt and she complied, letting me finish undressing her. Her skin was perfect, with zero tan lines. Could this girl get any more perfect? I was at her full breasts now and I teased her right nipple with the tip of my tongue. Her hand came up in my hair pushing it harder towards her breast. I bit down on the rock hard nipple ever so gently only to find her moaning even louder. So her big tits are sensitive, I thought, 

"I wonder if you can actually cum from having your nipples played with like this, Chloe" I said, her nipple was still in between my teeth. She whimpered and squirmed under my touch, I was almost tempted to fuck her hard and fast until we both drop from exhaustion. But this was Chloe, and I'd be damned if I didn't give her the attention that she deserved. Still, I couldn't help but tease her a little: 

"You like that baby?" I teased, sucking her left nipple as we spoke, my deft fingers were massaging her right breast. English language seemed to be out of her grasp as her vocabulary narrowed down to:

"Uh huh. Don't stop." She said it again and again, breathlessly. It was all too good to be true, I couldn't believe Chloe was here, in my bed, and I was actually making love to her. Hold on, where did that thought come from? I don't make love, I fuck, hard, and what the fuck is love? I thought to myself and dismissed the thought as quickly as it was formed as her moaning was becoming louder and sexier. Self-discovery could wait, not this beautiful thing here.

I kissed down her taut stomach and she had the faint lines of a four pack, so utterly sexy. Chloe was the manifestation of perfection, and what ever happens after tonight, I was determined to make her time with me unforgettable. I was down to her navel when my finger probed gently at her opening. She was soaking wet and I knew she was going to love being fucked by me.

Unfortunately, that thought short-lived as she sat up quickly and captured my right hand in both of hers. I looked at her quizzically, waiting for an explanation. She caught my stare and lowered hers, her cheeks were bright red when she spoke:

"I uh..can we actually skip that and just go with what you did earlier?" She stammered, that nervous, fuckable demeanor was back again and although I didn't particularly enjoy being denied like that, it was Chloe and I couldn't bring myself to be angry at her. So I asked her, surprisingly calmly instead:

"What's wrong babe? You seem to love what I'm doing to you up until now. You already got a man or something?"

"No, it's not that. It's just..um" she was flustered, and if this was one of her schemes of provoking the wild beast in me, it was certainly not working in her favor as I was very, very horny at the time. My brows furrowed and I took a deep breath in order to stay calm and ask her:

"Then what is it, Chloe? Did you change your mind about this? Because we can stop if you did." I said, rather agitated and immediately regretted doing that as I saw the hurt in her eyes:

"It's not that either, Vanessa." She said, still not looking at me.

"Then what is it? Are you a virgin or something?" I was growing more and more impatient by the minute and realization finally hit me when she sat there fidgeting with the covers and not answering my question. Shit. This is not good. Awkward silence continued and I just had to break the ice:

"So.. You're a virgin?" I asked incredulously. 

"Why do you sound so surprised? Do I look like a slut that much to you?" She hissed, still not looking at me. She seemed really appalled by the fact that I couldn't bring myself to believe that she was a virgin. I told myself to slow down a bit, choosing my words carefully:

"No, it's not that. I just didn't see this coming, just you. Hint hint." I wagged my eyebrows, trying to lighten up the situation. Of course that attempt was futile as she remained silent. I looked at her, my ministrations ground to a halt now. She was in deep thoughts of her own as I was mine.

This girl oozed sex basically from every pore of her body and she was a virgin? Shit, does this mean I'm going to be the one to pop Chloe's cherry? Bet the guys at school are gonna be sooo jealous, I thought, thinking about all sorts of ways to pop it, hold on a sec, I don't even know if she's gonna let me or not, I quietly chastised myself for having such thoughts about her as she had just said she wasn't like that. Now her actions from earlier made sense, she really didn't know what was being done to her. The sound of sobbing snapped me out of my daze and when I looked at her face again, it was wet with tears. I sighed inwardly, this is really not good, I thought. I took a long breath to calm down a bit:

"Do you want me to stop Chloe? Don't cry baby," I said quickly, hugging her to me now. I was never one for sentiments and here I was saying sweet nothings to the prettiest girl I had ever laid eyes on just so she would stop crying. Hell, had it been some other chick I picked up at the bar, I would have cared less even if she was a virgin. I would still fuck her until my heart's content and give zero fucks about the chick. 

Chloe didn't answer me, just sat there sobbing into my shoulders. I kept rocking her back and forth and gradually she stopped sobbing. I pulled back slowly and held her face in my palms:

"Hey, you okay?" I looked into her eyes, those big brown eyes were the only ones in the world where I would have done everything just so they wouldn't shed even one tear. She smiled, leaning her face on my palm:

"I'm fine now. You look cute when you get all worked up Vanessa." She mused, settling into my lap and burying her face in the crook of my neck. I held her tight against me, loving the warmth that we shared. Right then I knew nothing else mattered. I had to see her smile, whatever it took. I placed her back on her side of the bed, still holding her:

"I just don't like cry babies that's all." I mused and was rewarded with a sharp poke from her. 

"Am not" she said, sticking her tongue out at me. I laughed throatily and held her even tighter to me.

"I even thought you were straight, Chloe. That is, until tonight." I said slowly, being careful not to provoke her. She pulled back, just a little, and told me:

"I don't know, maybe I went gay for you." She tilted her head for effect, her cheeks still wet with tears. I smiled, pulling her closer to me:

"Well I'll just have to do my best to live up to your expectations then. But seriously though, it's almost sunrise already and I really want to get some sleep. What do you think Chloe?" I asked her, brushing a stray strand of hair away from her face. She smiled so sweetly, that smile of hers was going to be the death of me:

"Okay. But only if you promise not to tease me again," she said, with a lilt to her voice, looking right into my eyes. I knew what she meant by 'not to tease her again' but I still wanted to feign innocence:

"Nah I didn't do anything. You did all the hard work baby." I winked, immensely enjoying the playful banter between us. She poked my ribs playfully and yawned, snuggling deeper into me, breathing in my scent:

"Sure you didn't. Goodnight Vanessa, sweet dreams." With that she fell asleep. I chuckled softly, one minute she was full on sexy, and the next she was like a little girl. I pulled the covers up, making sure to keep Chloe warm. 

Then it hit me. I was growing soft for her, and I didn't like that thought one bit. I don't let anyone close enough to make me actually feel anything, ever. Me falling in love was a big no-no, even if the one I was falling in love with was Chloe. Love to me at the time was a piece of shit for amateurs, it was never real and losers fell in love just so they could trick themselves into thinking that something like that still existed in this cruel world. 

I closed my eyes to clear my thoughts. When I was calm again, I was determined to make this girl fall in love with me, then drop her like she's nothing, like I always do. I make people fall in love with me or at least make them think they're head over heels for me and then drop them, making them feel like their whole world ended. That was not going to change anytime soon and Chloe was just going to be another notch on my belt. The best part about all this, was that I was gonna be the first to fuck that sweet pussy of hers. I smirked, already loving that thought. Oh the things I'd do to you, dear Chloe. She should have known better, playing with fire like this. I took one last look at her and whispered:

"Sleep tight princess. You're going to need it."

And boy did I dream sweetly.

*****

You guys don't seem to like lengthy build-ups that much anymore so should I cut it short or keep the pace like this? And also if anyone is interested in being an editor for the story feel free to contact me. Make sure to take a minute or two to comment and rate the story. Thanks for reading.