 Earlier I wrote a story about an HM in the Navy that I had fooled around with in the bathroom. We hadn't seen each other at all after that until last night, when I was at a bar with a group of friends just talking and drinking and having a good time. This girl that everyone was friends with was visiting for a while so we all wanted to take her out to the bars and strip clubs and stuff like that. Anyway, while I was in the middle of telling this story that had everybody cracking up, I was looking at someone and as they bent over laughing, I saw the HM, who was sitting at the bar and also staring at me. I lost my train of thought for a second, just staring at her because she was the last person I'd been thinking about right then. I looked away and finished the story, saying that I wanted to get another drink at the bar. I went up and ordered a Corona with lemon, then said to her, "I haven't seen you in a long time. How are you?"

She said, "I'm good." After we completed the required niceties, she glanced at the girl she was with and introduced us. Her name was Sam. At first I was worried that they were going out, but after a while I figured out that there was nothing going on between those two because Sam was totally checking out this guy that was throwing darts, who I thought was pretty ugly but I was still hoping she'd go for him so we could be alone. Eventually Sam joined their dart game, leaving me and the HM, whose name I had found out earlier was Veronica, sitting together at the bar. I had gotten my drink a long time ago, and my friends called to me to join them again, but I told them that I knew this girl and I wanted to talk to her so they left me alone. 

Our conversation was very easy and open and we laughed a lot, but we both wanted something else. We managed to sit so that our arms and thighs were pressed up against each other, and once when I was talking I put my hand on her thigh. She looked down and looked back at me with an amused expression on her face. I left my hand there and slowly inched it up, rubbing my fingertips lightly over the inside of her thigh. She spread her legs slightly, inviting me to go even higher. Then abruptly she took my hand and put it on my lap, saying that she didn't want people to see her with another girl like this since they don't allow that in the military. I still made it a point to touch her every once in a while when we talked, heightening the tension.

We'd finished our drinks and she suggested that we check out a popular band that was playing in a different bar. I didn't want to ditch my friends, but there were enough of them so that it wouldn't really matter if I left. Some of them didn't know I'm a lesbian, but the ones who did looked Veronica up and down, then smiled at me knowingly. One guy whispered to me, "Break me off a piece of that!" 

I replied, "I thought you were gay." 

"I don't care! Hell, I'd do her just to say I did," he replied, then said, "Nah I'm just joking. Pussy's not for me, not even hers. But tomorrow I'm taking you out to lunch, and you better spill. And I want all the details. Have fun, doll." He slapped me on the ass and I smiled at him and gave him the finger as I led Veronica out the door. I hadn't driven, but she had her car so we got into that and tried to find the bar. After driving around for 20 minutes, we decided that we weren't going to find it. She said that we could listen to music in her car instead, so we drove to a park and sat in the car, listening to music and talking. I began to see her as a person, a person with dreams and ambitions and hopes, instead of just seeing her sexual side. I actually like her a lot, but I don't really want to get involved with someone in the military. They move too much.

It started to rain pretty hard. I could hear the sound of raindrops splattering on the windows underneath the music. I said, "You know, I've always had this fantasy of making out in a car while it's raining."

She looked at me again with that amused expression. She does that a lot. She even did that before we ever talked to each other. Smiling slightly, she said, "Really? I guess I could help you with that." She leaned over and kissed me. I could feel her lips still curved into a smile, but it quickly disappeared as I started feeling that pulsing in my groin. My tongue slipped into her mouth and I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her so she was on my side of the car. Still kissing me, she reached down and pushed the lever that made the back of the seat go down. It was one of those that you push, and the seat will electronically go down. It takes a while, and while the seat was going down she straddled me and kept kissing me, sliding one hand under my purplish red spaghetti strap top. She rubbed my stomach for a while, then she started massaging my left breast gently. I was so turned on at the thought of her touching me, and I arched my back up so my breast pressed into her hand more. Her thumb passed over my nipple, making it harden. I sighed into her mouth then frantically pulled her top off. She abandoned my breast and took off my top, then pressed her whole body into me and kissed me deeply, both of us too turned on to care if it was wet and messy. I don't know why, but I was more aroused than I've been in a really long time. I wanted her more than anybody at that moment.

As I slid her skirt down, I started kissing her neck and licking it lightly. She moaned and put her hand on the side of my face, turning her head so I could have better access. I discovered that her neck was a major erogenous zone for her. I ran my tongue just under her jaw line, making her shiver. I made sure she could feel my hot breath on her skin as I kissed down to her collarbone, licking the hollow right above it. She was breathing heavily and she started grinding herself into me. I pulled her up so her breasts were hanging right above my face. I took one of her nipples in my mouth, sucking on it while I massaged the other breast with my hand. She moaned again, leaning on her forearms to support her weight. I ran my tongue over her nipple while it was still in my mouth, making her start trying to grind into my stomach. I could feel her wetness through the lacy panties she was wearing, getting a little of the juices on my stomach.

I pulled her body up more until her pussy was inches away from my face. I could see that the entire crotch was soaking wet, so I took them in my mouth and started sucking on them, drawing the juices out. My lips brushed against her pussy through the panties, making her give a quick, high-pitched sigh. I licked along her slit, still through the panties, until she reached down and pulled them to the side. I continued what I was doing, except directly on her pussy. Her juices spread quickly over my face, which got me even hotter. I stuck my tongue in her pussy, wiggling it around then French kissing it as if it was her mouth. She started grinding her hips on my face, riding my tongue. I reached up and rubbed her clit in circles with two fingers, making her buck against my fingers and tongue. Her thighs started trembling on either side of my face and suddenly, a rush of liquid squirted out of her pussy and directly into my mouth, some of it leaking onto my face. 

I had forgotten that she was a squirter, so I was surprised when it started squirting into my mouth, but I quickly recovered. I kind of opened my throat and let it flow down without having to swallow. It was the first time that somebody had squirted into my mouth, and it didn't taste like I thought it would. It didn't really taste like anything, actually. It wasn't unpleasant but what got really turned me on was that I could feel her muscles clenching and spasming around my tongue. She seemed to be having a very intense orgasm, since she was rocking her hips wildly and screaming. Eventually her body stopped shaking and she laid down on top of me, licking everything off my face. She sucked on my lips and tongue, tasting herself. 

I was so turned on at this point I took her hand and pressed it against my pussy over my skirt. I almost came right then. She squeezed it, then pushed the seat all the way back and knelt in front of the seat. I moved farther up on the seat so my head was resting right behind the back window. She slid my skirt down over my legs and pulled it off, revealing that I hadn't been wearing any underwear. She slipped her middle finger inside me and curled it forward, massaging my g spot. I moaned, "Fuck me with your finger," and she looked up at me and started thrusting her finger in and out at a steady pace, her finger rubbing up against my g spot each thrust. By now the windows were completely fogged up and I was making smeared handprints on the back window as I pressed my hands against it. 

I could feel my orgasm building up very quickly as I started thrusting my hips against her finger. She slid one more in, then stopped moving her hand. I was too crazy with lust at this point and I just kept fucking her fingers as an orgasm started washing through me. When I started coming, she stuck her tongue out so every time my hips moved, my clit rubbed against her tongue. The pleasure I was feeling increased exponentially and I screamed, grabbing onto the little grip thing above the side window. 

As I was coming down, she took out her fingers and licked them clean, then I moved down lower and she slid up my body and kissed me again. We shared a soft but deep kiss as we rubbed our legs together, feeling how smooth they were. I love how smooth legs feel when you just shave them. Her whole body was smooth and I couldn't stop running my hands over her back and ass, occasionally reaching down to the backs of her thighs. There was sweat all over both our bodies, which is also really sexy to me. The slow, deep kiss turned into kisses on the lips, then to rubbing our cheeks together. We laid like that for a long time, until I noticed that it was 3:30 am. She kissed me lightly on the lips, then put on her top and got back to her side of the car. I found my clothes and put them on as she asked me where I lived. 

She drove me home like that, the bottom half of her naked. I kept looking over at her creamy white thighs as she pressed on the accelerator and the brakes. She caught me looking and once again got that amused expression on her face. She said, "Don't get me started again. I have to wake up in three and a half hours." I reluctantly agreed and kept the good night kiss PG rated. Or ok, maybe PG-13, but you can't blame me. She told me that she might stop by tonight since she knows where I live now, but she'll probably be asleep by like 8 pm so not to expect her. I hope that we can become friends at least, instead of just fuck buddies since I really do like her personality. A relationship isn't possible though, since she's in her 30's and I'm 18, and she's in the military and she'll be moving soon and it just wouldn't work. But there's nothing wrong with being friends and lovers.