 At around 7:45pm that evening, I am sitting on my bed, drying my hair, and trying to decide what to wear when I meet Rhonda, who with her late husband, were companions when I was married. We ad run into each other at the gym earlier on the day. We were chatting while winding down and had agreed to meet for dinner. Although not close friends, my husband and I had attended some neighborhood parties and barbecues with Rhonda and her husband Tom. I was very shocked seven months ago to learn that Tom had died from a massive heart attack at age 44. I attended the funeral, but left soon after as I felt a bit awkward as I was very unsure of where I stood with our mutual friends. 

It is still very hot outside, so whatever I decide to wear, it won't be much. As I turn the hair dryer off, I light a cigarette and pick out a green, frill, half cup bra and a matching pair of bikini panties, a pair of nude stockings, and a light green print dress that shows enough cleavage let you know my 36ds are there, but leaving enough to the imagination. The dress comes down to just above my knees, and as I look in the mirror, I feel assured I will be turning heads wherever I go. I top of the ensemble with a pair of 4 inch spiked stiletto heels.

As I head out the door, I grab a bottle of cold water, light a cigarette and head for the car. It is a 20 minute drive to the bistro. As I drive along listening to my favorite rock station, I think over the past year since I have split from my husband. I have a wonderful grown son, am financially independent, so I do not have to work and can live comfortably. Not bad for a girl from a family where both parents had to work hard every day just to make ends meet. I have had sexual experiences with several younger men, a transsexual, and two women. I am very discreet and certainly not a slut , but am enjoying the variety I have sampled. I think of the years of being a monogamous stay at home wife, although while not quite regretting it, I am very thankful for my newfound freedom, and renew my resolution to explore new things discreetly in all phases of my life. 

As I near the restaurant, I pull over and quickly refresh my makeup, making sure nothing has melted in this heat. I pull up to the front of the bistro, stop and get out of the car to hand my keys to the valet, I see the young valet heading toward my car stop dead in his tracks as I slide out of the car, with lots of legs displayed, and adjust my dress. I head inside in a hurry to get out of the heat. I slide my driving glasses up on top of my head. The hostess looks at me with a smile and asks if she can help me. I tell her I am meeting a friend and she asks me if it is her friend Rhonda. I smile, and she leads me through the back to a shaded patio area with fans gently circulating the air, making being outside pleasant. I slowly walk over to Rhonda's table. She stands up, grabs my hands, gives me a peck on the cheek and we sit down opposite each other. 

Rhonda is about 5'10" tall with no apparent extra weight. She is wearing scoop neck print blouse, with her 34bs encased in a red frilly bra, a pair of skin tight designer jeans with a pair of two inch open toed heels. She has jet black hair, which hangs to her shoulders.

I ordered a margarita, Rhonda a martini and we both light cigarettes when our drinks arrive. Rhonda tells me that she is slowly starting to recover from Tom's death, has even gone out on a couple of dates, but found herself comparing everything to Tom, and of course no one or anything could measure up. I told her about my "mourning" period when I first split from my husband. Though not as serious as being separated from one you love, I still remember the empty feeling. We talked about our kids, as Rhonda has two girls and boy, all still living at home. As we chatted, I felt myself being emotionally drawn to this gorgeous raven haired beauty. We continued our casual conversation and we eat dinner. When we are done, we each order a brandy, sit back and relax. Rhonda brings up the subject of sex. She says she has been celibate since Tom's death, masturbating occasionally, but again, nothing comes close to the real thing. I told her about a couple of my early flings, and how it had taken time to adjust to not being monogamous, but that I was really enjoying myself now.

As we were getting our dinner check, Rhonda said she did not feel like being alone. I asked her what she would like to do. She asked if she could grab a bottle of brandy and just come over to my place and we could relax and talk. I told her I had an unopened bottle of cognac just waiting for such an occasion. She said she found me very easy to talk to and she had been feeling very lonely lately. Rhonda had taken a cab to the restaurant, as her son was using her car. As the valet brought my car around, she reached over, squeezed my hand, thanking me for being a confidant. We made the drive to my home in 20 minutes. I knew she wouldn't be at my house long before I tried to seduce her. As we were walking to the door, Rhonda commented that her jeans felt too tight for comfort, and she asked if I had something she could lounge in. When got in the house, I found an old pair of shorts in the downstairs laundry room. She excused herself, and headed for the bathroom, as I grabbed a couple of glasses and poured some cognac, setting both glasses down on the coffee table, and situated myself at one end of the couch. Rhonda soon reappeared, and I giggled at the way she looked with a beautiful, obviously expensive blouse, with gym shorts and no shoes. As she leaned over to pick up her drink, I noticed she had also removed her bra.

I reached over and grabbed her hand, giving her a gentle tug to move closer. As she scooted over, I put my arms around her, pulling her even closer. Our lips met, gently at first, but it quickly turned into a very long, passionate, tongue probing kiss. My left hand explored up and down her back, the right hand tracing circles around her nipples. Rhonda had her arms around me like an infant holding her mother. As we continued to kiss, I slowly unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her pert tits, but with eraser sized nipples that seemed to be begging to the licked. I licked her neck and began making my way down to her breasts. I kissed and licked between her breasts while tweaking her nipples. As one hand began its downward journey, I began playfully biting, sucking, nipping and licking first one nipple and then the other, meanwhile rubbing her pussy through her shorts and panties. Rhonda seemed to be in another world, as I slipped my hand into her gym shorts, again gently rubbing her pussy through her panties. Rhonda let out a low moan a she helped me remove the shorts and her panties. I resumed by gently tracing circles from above her clit, the top of her thighs and that special area between her pussy and her asshole. Rhonda continued moaning as I teased around her pussy. Then I began earnestly rubbing her pussy, and inserting first one then two fingers into her very wet pussy. I stopped working over her breasts, and began licking her navel and then moved farther down as I continued to finger fuck her. 

As soon as my lips found her clit, Rhonda seemed to explode, writhing and moaning while pushing her clit farther onto my tongue. She kept pushing her pussy onto my mouth and fingers. She seemed to be in a trance, twisting, and letting out loud moans. I continued to lick and kiss her pussy and lips as I withdrew my fingers from her hot, moist cunthole. My hand slowly moved down and I began rubbing her anal opening, teasing and toying her tight asshole. Her moans changed to a loud gasp as I slipped my middle finger up her asshole, first one knuckle then two, pushing until it was all the way in, at which time Rhonda let out a scream, followed by a huge sigh as she went limp when I pulled my finger all the way out, and paused to catch a breath. 

Rhonda just laid there in the sheets wet from sweat and love juices. I too, was trying to get my breath, and realizing I still had my clothes on. After a few moments, we both returned to normal breathing, both smiling. I asked her if she would like to continue in the bedroom when she was ready. I got up, grabbed my cigarettes and drink and headed back to my bedroom. I lit a cigarette and started taking my clothes off. I was in my panties, taking a sip from my drink when Rhonda walked in, also smoking and grinning like the cat that swallowed the canary. As we finished smoking while sitting on the edge of the bed, she slipped her hand into my panties and began playing with my pussy. I stood up and pulled my panties down amazed at how soaked y panties were. I had been so turned on doing her that my cunt was oozing juices and with Rhonda toying with my my pussy, I could feel juices seeping down my leg as she put her hand on my ass, pulled me closer and began to eat my pussy. She was sucking and slurping, licking and swallowing all my juices. I collapsed on the bed, and Rhonda did not miss a beat, licking my pussy and fingering me. I had been so turned on earlier, it did not take long for me to get that delicious feeling of a huge orgasm building. Moments later, I explode with a gut wrenching orgasm of my own. 

As we laid there coming down, Rhonda tried to convince me that not only was this her first lesbian encounter, but that she had nothing in mind until the ride to my house, when she decided "Why not?"