 Penny lay in the bathtub with the warm, soapy water caressing her body and soothing away the tightness in her muscles. For months now she had been in a state of inner frustration and turmoil about her sensual desires to make love with a woman, desires that had been building and becoming stronger with each passing day.

"I've been happily married for six years and have a three-year old daughter," Penny thought to herself, "and my husband and I have a very good sex life. Mark and I are even swingers who have enjoyed exchanging partners, so why have I been so disoriented about my sexuality and sexual desires? Why have I now at the age of thirty-seven become so bi-curious even beyond my encounters with women at swinger parties?"

Penny had no answers to her own questions. She was perplexed and anxious by it all, but as hard as she tried she just couldn't get the thought of making love with other women out of her mind. She was fixated on the very idea. The feelings and images played in her head over and over again. She often found herslf lookikng at women on the street and daydreaming about them. Penny even had dreams about other women and often awakened in the middle of the night feeling very wet between her legs. Sometimes she was so wet she had to get up and change her nightclothes that usually consisted of lightweight cotton pajamas that came to the middle of her thighs and a loose fitting, short sleeve top.

However, Penny's having very large breasts, 36 DD, made sleeping difficult without some kind of support, and yet she did not enjoy being encumbered by anything constricting or constraining on her breasts. In fact, during nights that were hot, she often preferred to sleep nude and enjoy total freedom. She did, however, often use a small pillow to support the weight of her large breasts while sleeping. This was Penny's one concession.

Penny's having very large breasts often had her admiring women having smaller breasts than she, not really small breasts but breasts around 34 C...a good hand and mouthful she often thought to herself. She thought these women looked so sexy, and they really turned her on in a most erotic way. She imagined touching their breasts, caressing them with her hands, tweaking their nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, licking their hard nipples with her tongue, and sucking on their nipples hungrily.

That was just the beginning of her growing lust for other women. Not only did Penny want to caress and suck on a woman's breasts, but she also thought how it might be to go down on a woman and taste pussy for the first time, really taste it. Up until then the only pussy she had tasted was her own that she often did when she masturbated during those times she was so horny she couldn't wait to make love with her husband Mark. She was very multi-orgasmic, so even if she did have several orgasms during the day, she could still be passionate in the evening if her husband wanted to make love, and she could still have orgasms. She didn't have to fake it simply because she had brought herself to orgasm during the day.

This day while she was soaking in the tub was just like other days when she thought of making love with a woman and have her teach her the art of Sapphic love. It seemed such a natural thing to Penny, and yet even though she was curious about having sex with another woman, she felt guilty when she thought of her husband. She thought he would feel as if he weren't man enough to satisfy her sexual needs if she turned to women for sexual satisfaction and enjoyment outside their swinging experiences. Going it on her own without him. She just didn't know.

Those were exactly the thoughts racing through Penny's mind while she drifted in and out of her dreamy water world as she soaked in her bubble bath. And even then Penny felt herself becoming hot between her legs, and she saw beneath the water line and soapy bubbles the outline of her upper breasts with her nipples semi-erect resting on top of her large, dark areolas that already had gooseflesh puckering round them.

"Oh, god," Penny sighed in a half-whisper. "What am I going to do? I'm so horny, horny enough to need to get myself off right now. To feel the power of my orgasms. The power of self love. Woman love."

Penny bit down gently on her lower lip as if to squelch the desire within herself, the burning desire she felt rising in her wet pussy. But by now it was too late to stop herself.

She brought her arms up to her full breasts and cupped them in her soapy hands, feeling their shape and weight and then sliding them forward until she had her hands around her hardenning, stiffening nipples that were beginning to rise up from her crimson areolas. Penny massaged herself with her slick, soapy hands, moving her fingers around the globes and pinching her nipples.

"Damn, that feels so bloody good," Penny said to herself. "So damn bloody good."

Penny softly rubbed the very tips of her anxious nipples with the pads of her fingertips, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body, and she felt them pucker to her touch. She felt this tingling all the way down between her legs, and in response, Penny slid her hands from her anxious breasts, down her full abdomen, and between her round thighs to her very thick, dark, hairy bush that she owed to her Greek heritage of which she was very proud. In fact, Penny's pubic mound was so covered with black hair she kept it trimmed on the sides where her creases between thighs and abdomen met, forming the erotic "V" of her womanhood.

Having reached her pubic forest, Penny slid her fingers thorugh it and touched her clit ever so gently with her fingertips, running circles around it and flicking her index finger back and forth over it, as one might strum a string on a guitar. And as a string on a guitar vibrates to the strumming of it by the finger or thumb, so, too, did Penny's clit vibrate with mounting sexual sensations.

"Ohhhhhhhh! That's divine. A gift from Aphrodite," sighed Penny. "How I love touching myself and making love to my pussy. Self love can be very fulfilling," she continued softly as if she were telling someone who was with her in the bathroom.

Penny even took her clit between her thumb and forefinger and rolled it softly, increasing the powerful sensatiions that now were demanding fulfillment from her. However, not wanting to cum just yet and end the passion she was feeling, Penny released her throbbing clit and slid her fingers down between her pussy lips that, too, were covered with heavy, black hair, separating them as she went towards her goal. She took her time. Penny was in no hurry just then. She wanted to tease and prolong her masturbating until she couldn't take any more of it and just had to get herself off.

The soapy water added to the silkiness of her flesh that released her own creamy lubricant from her pussy, and it felt heavenly. Therefore, Penny slowly moved her fingers closer and closer to her vagina until they came to the upper side of it. When she felt her fingers touch her sweet spot, she bent her knees and brought them up towards her breasts while at the same time she put her feet on the bottom of the bathtub. Penny then spread her long legs wide, thus exposing her womanhood to her searching fingers. This also spread the lips of her cunt and opened the portal to her vagina.

"Oh, yes. That's it," she sighed. "Open up for Mamma."

Penny slid her hand down until her fingertips were at the very centre of her womanhood, and with one smooth shove, she opened up her vagina and pushed in her index and middle fingers as far as they would go, leaving her thumb pointing up to her clit and her other two fingers resting on the outside of her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh. Yessssssssss. I love that," Penny sighed. "I love feeling my fingers inside me. I love feeling how creamy my love canal is when I am so sexually aroused and working to get myself off." 

Penny closed her eyes. She wanted to shut out the world around her. She wanted to concentrate on only one thing. Her pussy. How good it felt to have her fingers inside herself.

With her head resting on the back of the bathtub, her arse cheeks and feet sitting on the bottom of the tub, her knees bent, and her legs spread wide, Penny begain to finger-fuck her pussy, sliding her fingers in and out, starting slowly at first. Penny wanted to savour every emotion and every thrilling sensation of her masturbating. She felt how creamy she felt inside. She felt the little ridges on top of her love canal just inside it. She felt an especially sensitive area just beyond expanding to her touch in an area she knew was supposed to be her G-Spot within her vaginal sheath, but up until then any fluid it was supposed to produce from the glands around her urethra had not become of her orgasms. Nevertheless, the sheath of her pussy became tighter and tighter around her working fingers, and it felt as if it were trying to trap her fingers so she couldn't pull them out.

"Oh, yesssssssss. That's it. I can tell I'm getting close. It won't be too long now," Penny thought to herself at a high point in her erotic state.

Speeding up the pace of her finger-fucking, thrusting her fingers in and out, and collecting more and more of her pussy cream, Penny knew it was time to get back to her anxiouos, throbbing clit that was needing her attention, so she slid her index finger out just enough so she could move it and her thumb up to her clit while still being able to fuck herself with her middle finger. When Penny got to her clit with her thumb and finger, she placed the pad of her thumb on top of her clit. She gave a jump upon first contact on her sensitive nub, and her thighs began to tremble with sexual excitement.

Penny rolled her clit between her thumb and index finger as if she were rolling a cigarette all the while continuing to use her middle finger inside her creamy pussy. She made concentric circles starting just beyond her clit that included her pussy lips where they come together at the hood of her love pearl, and she made the circle where they come together at the hood of her love pearl, and she made the circles smaller and smaller until her thumb brushed over the very tip of her vibrating clit.

Penny moaned softly that came from the very depths of her being as she rubbed her clit and felt the tingling getting stronger and stronger. It was as if her clit had a life of its own, and it was telling Penny now was the time. It wasn't going to wait much longer.

"Oh, yessss. Oh, yesssssss. This is it," Penny screamed inside herself. "I'm going to cum." 

And just as Penny had that thought course through her mind, she felt the volcano of her orgasm begin deep within herself, flowing up like hot magma to her womanhood that she was still fucking with her finger and moving it around just inside the fluted opening.

Penny's orgasm came in stages at first until she went over the edge, and her vibrating clit erupted beneath her thumb into a myriad of erotic and ecstatic sensations that ripped throughout her body.

"Unggggggg! Yesssssssssss!" With tightly closed eyes Penny cried out breathily between her gritted teeth as the first assult wave of her orgasm hit her.

"I'm cummiiiinnnggg! Oh, god! I'm cunnnnggggg!"

Penny's clit was now so over-sensitive to her touch she removed her thumb to let it on its own orgasmic eruption, and she rejoined her index finger with the middle one and shoved them as far up into her love canal as she could, only this time she added her other two fingers so now she had, not two, but four of her fingers inside her creamsy pussy. This spread her vagina wide, very wide.

Her pussy flesh closed tightly around Penny's four fingers as if it were elastic, and she thrust them in and out as quickly as she was able, and in no time her second orgasm came, only this one was deeper, stronger, and longer.

"Oh, my gooodddddd! I'm cummmiiinnngggg again! Unnngggg! Oh, shit!" Penny cried out. "I can't believe it! This is so bloody good," she gasped as she snapped her thighs together from the sheer and overwhelming sensations running rampant throughout her body, and she reached up and pressed her left hand onto her right breast, feeling the expanded hardness of her tingling nipple. It felt as if here whole insides were exploding and coming together at the apex of her womanhood.

All Penny could do was lie back against the tub and ride out her ecstatic storm. Her orgasmic storm. The sheer magnitude of it was so intense.

After what seemed like a very long time, Penny felt the power of her orgasm subsiding. She had her breath under control, and the pounding in her heart and temples was now a mere throbbing.

In time Penny breathed in deeply and slowly opened her eyes that were still slits of desire. She looked down at herself in the water. Her hand was still on her breast, and she could feel her fingers inside her now very, very wet pussy not on just the outside but on the inside, too.

"Oooohhhhh. What an experience that was," Penny sighed to herself, letting air flow slowly through partially-closed lips as she took her hand off her breast whose nipple was still sensitive and firm.

She slowly opened her legs and slid her once-trapped, cream-covered fingers out of her love canal. Penny brought her hand out of the water and was surprised to see her fingers were glistening still with her pussy cream even though they had come through the bath water.

Penny brought her hand up to her face and inhaled deeply. She still smelled the aroma of her womanly musk, too. It was so erotic. Chills went up and down Penny's back, and she felt a slight shiver run through her body.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm. My pussy cream smells so good," Penny thought to herself. "It even smells much different after sexual arousal. And it tastes better, too. Sweeter and not so salty.

And having said that and never minding what little soap there was on them, Penny brought her cum-covered fingers to her mouth and slipped them into it, closing her lips around them. She loved the taste of her own pussy cream, so Penny sucked on her fingers slowly, putting them into her mouth one at a time. 

"My, that tastes so bloody good. I have to admit," Penny thought to herself.

Penny sucked on her fingers for a long time while she still waited for her body to come down from its orgasmic trip, but when the water started to feel cool, Penny decided it was time to get out. She slowly stood up on trembling legs, the water running down her body. There were still some soap bubbles on her, so she bent down to lift the handle to start the water going down the drain while at the same time she turned the water back on and put on the shower to rinse off her body.

By the time she was finished rinsing, the last of the bath water was swirling down the drain, and after Penny watched the last of the water disappear, she stepped out of the bathtub onto the bathmat and grabbed a fluffy, white bath towel she had laid on a stand next to the tub. She dried her shoulder-length dark hair with the towel as best she could, shaking her head gently after doing so, and then proceeded to dry herself off.

When she got to her breasts, she felt her hands rise up to meet them, and saw her nipples were still somewhet stiff, and when she rubbed the soft towel against them, they still tingled with sexual excitement. Penny moved from her breasts and put the towel behind her so she could dry her back, and then she dried down her body to her round hips.

First, she dried the outside of her thighs and feet and then brought the towel up the inside of her legs, calves first, and then between her thighs, and onto her hairy bush. Penny spread her legs so she could dry herself well and reached back to dry her arse, but oh when her towel-covered hand swiped between her legs, making contact with her pussy, she gave a slight jump and felt an electric touch course through her body.

"Oh, god, even after those two massive orgasms, my pussy is still not satisfied," she smiled to herself, "but I can't take anymore time. Mark will be home anytime now, and he is going to take me out to dinner."

Therefore, Penny reluctantly finished drying herseslf so she could get dressed. First she blow dried her hair and brushed it until it shined with her natural oils. She parted it in the middle and it fell to her shoulders, framing her lovely face.

Having done that, Penny sat down in front of the mirror at her vanity to apply what little make up she wore. Most of the time she didn't wear make up, preferring the natural look, but on special occasions such as this when Mark is going to take her out to dinner, Penny decided to put on some make up. 

She began with a neutral base. Again, her Greek ethnic origin made the hair on her body naturally dark, so she didn't have to use an eyebrow pencil to darken her eyebrows nor mascara on her long, curved eyelashes. She did, however, look through her eyeliner selection and chose a very dark brown to outline her eyes to highlight her dark eyes and a light pink eyelid blush that she blended into a light brown to make her eyes stand out and look dramatic. To finish things off, she applied a lip lacquer that gave her lips a natural, pouty look of sensuality.

Once having the basics finished, Penny walked into the master bedroom and over to her dresser. She opened the drawers that had her panties, bras, and nylons in them. Penny selected a full strapless, sheer, black bustier that had supports that lifted and accentuated her full breasts. It also brought the two together that made her cleavage closer and deeper. The bustier had long straps at the bottom that snapped into the wide, solid black top on a pair of very sheer black nylons. Penny had just bought the ensemble earlier that day in one of the exclusive fashion boutiques in the "Queen Victoria Building" in Sydney's city centre.

For panties? Well, Penny wasn't going to wear panties this evening which is something she often did when going out on special occasions as on this particular evening. Not wearing panties made it seem more exciting to Penny. 

With her undergarments in place, Penny went to her closet and chose a pair of black, leather shoes with four inch heels. Now she was ready to take a look at herself before selecting and putting on her dress.

Penny stepped sideways to the full-length mirror panel on her closet. She looked at herself, taking in every feature she had to offer. She was tall, about five feet ten inches, but her body was well-proportioned for her heighth with hips and large breastss.

Her hair a was soft black that had a gentle sheen to it, especially when first washed and brushed. This colour matched her thick, black, pubic hair that set off her womanhood in a most pleasing way. Very erotic. Very enticing. Again, Penny's breasts were large, having big, dark nipples, and very big areolas.

So Penny had a body that was admired by both women and men even though she often didn't think of herself in that way, but then, one often doesn't appreciate what one has or is. That's human nature.

Having given herself a going over and satisfied with what she saw, Penny went back to her closet and started going through her dresses, finally choosing one of her favourites, a black one with narrow straps that cut low in front down to her cleavage as well as a rounded "V" in the back. It fit snugly in the top but hung more loosely below her waist, coming just above her knees.

Penny slid the dress from its hanger, stepped into it, and pulled it up her body, putting it in place so she was comfortable. Once in her dress Penney looked at herself in the mirror, turned her body sideways both ways to look at it from the back. She slid her hands down both sides and turned her head over her right shoulder and looked into the mirror. 

"Not bad if I do say so myself," Penny said. "For a thirty-seven old mother of one I look pretty damn good. Even sexy I might add," she smiled at herself in the mirror and saw herself smiling back.
