 My physical description is in the story "I thought she was straight". 

There is something about the Navy and lesbians. I don't know what it is, maybe the appeal of being stuck with hundreds of other horny girls on a ship for months at a time, but damn there are a lot of lesbians in the Navy. Or bi girls, I don't know. All I know is that every time I go to the Naval Hospital, there are several girls that check me out. A few are local, but most are from somewhere else in the United States that are touring here or something. 

There's this one HM. The first time I saw her, I was in the cafeteria type place buying some food. I walked in and I noticed a tall woman staring at me. I liked what I saw, her honey colored hair, blue eyes, tastefully applied makeup, and gorgeous legs. Her body itself seemed to be pretty normal, not too fat and not too thin (just the way I like it), but her legs were outstanding. Holy shit. Anyway, the point is, I was very attracted to her. I grabbed a sandwich and stood next to her in line. We kept glancing at each other every once in a while, but neither of us spoke. She paid and left, leaving me slightly disappointed and irritated at myself for not having said something to her. I should have found something witty to say about my sandwich or her chicken or something. I ignored the overweight girl behind the register who had been staring at me nonstop the entire time I was there and didn't meet her eyes as she held my hand while she gave me my change. 

I saw the HM again a couple weeks later. I'm at the hospital a lot because my dad has a lot of medical problems due to chronic alcohol and drug abuse. He has appointments with the doctor all the time, and he usually asks me to drive him. The second time I saw her, I was sitting in the pharmacy waiting room area when she came to pick up something. I didn't notice her because I was watching a basketball game on TV, but for some reason I glanced to the side and I caught her staring at me over her shoulder. She smiled at me and I smiled back, then she returned to whatever she was doing. 

This continued for a very long time, over a year until last week. We saw each other all the time but never talked to each other. Sometimes I would look at her and see pure desire in her eyes, and I'm sure she could see the same in mine. Last Thursday, I was actually at the hospital because my grandmother tripped and fell while I was visiting her, so she asked me to drive her to the ER. I had been sitting in the waiting room for over an hour when I saw her again. It was 7 in the morning so as she walked by she did a double take, obviously surprised to see me there at that time. Finally, for the first time in over a year, she spoke.

"You're here early." 

"Yeah, my grandma fell so I took her here. They haven't told me anything about how she is or when they'll release her. They were just like, 'Thanks for your cooperation' and gave me her stuff. For all I know she could be dying, or they could be letting her go right now. Should I stay here or what?" I was bored anxious and unsure of what to do.

"They'll probably want to keep her overnight, you know, just for observations and that kind of thing. She's probably fine. So how long have you been waiting here?"

"Over an hour. This place is kind of creepy when it's this early, there's nobody here."

She got this intense look on her face and said that if I wanted, she could keep me company since there was nothing for her to do until 8:30. We sat down and talked, just about random stuff, and thankfully she didn't even mention my unusual choice of clothing. About 15 minutes later I started feeling pressure in my bladder.

"I gotta pee," I announced. She said that she did too, so we went together.

After we both relieved our bladders, one of the sinks in the bathroom wasn't working so we had to share one to wash our hands. Our hands kept bumping into each other and washing our hands was taking much longer than usual. I caught her eye in the mirror and she was looking at me in the mirror with pure animal lust. I quickly felt heat spreading through my body and settling in my crotch. I turned to look at her directly and she also turned, and I leaned in and kissed her. I felt her tongue opening my mouth and running over my own tongue and my teeth. It was so electric, it was our first kiss after over a year of wanting each other but never getting what we wanted. I'd spent so many hours imagining her taste, her feel, her smell, everything and I was finally experiencing it. Our kiss became very passionate, and we both pulled back panting. 

She led me into a stall and locked it, then pushed me up against the wall and started grinding her whole body into mine. I unbuttoned her top, and as I pulled her bra up I went at her nipples like I'd die if I stopped. It seems she felt that way too since her whole body started shaking and it became hard for her to stifle her moans. She kept whispering, "Oh, oh, oh" and while I still sucked her nipples I put my hand up her skirt, cupping her already extremely wet mound. She jerked her hips forward and I squeezed. She made a choking sound and I looked up to see if she was ok. She told me to keep going, don't stop, so I ran one finger up and down her slit. I rubbed around her hole for a while, slipping my finger in a fraction of an inch then pulling it out and rubbing again. I kept this up for maybe 30 seconds before she started begging me to rub her clit. I took my well moistened finger and started rubbing her clit in circles, starting out slow but building speed fairly quickly. Soon she was exploding all over my hand, her body trembling and little animal sounds coming out of her. I felt a gush of liquid on my hand, which made me stop for a second in surprise. This was the first, and only time so far, that I'd ever been with a squirter, and I have to say that it was pretty hot. Under different circumstances, it would have been really hot. Luckily for her she was wearing the white dress uniform instead of the khaki (unbelievably ugly) uniform. If she had been wearing the khaki one, the wet spots would have been obvious to anybody a mile away. 

Not only were her juices getting on her clothes, but so were mine. In the rush to leave the house, I'd put on the first things I'd seen: a red halter top and a black miniskirt left over from the night before, no panties and obviously no bra. I must have looked pretty stupid wearing that with flip flops, and at a hospital for god's sake, but nobody was around so I didn't care. Anyway, I had been rubbing myself against her thigh while I'd been fingering her, so her thigh was pretty much coated with my juices. I got down on my knees and licked her thigh until it was clean, then she said that she wanted to taste me.

I was more than happy to oblige, and we traded positions, her kneeling in front of me and me standing up bracing myself against the railing. You know how they have that railing in the handicapped stall. She pulled my skirt up so it was higher up around my waist, not that she needed to pull it up too high. It almost showed my butt cheeks as it was. She didn't seem to have any self control as she licked at my pussy with wild abandon. She licked everything, leaving nothing untouched. She turned me around and licked my asshole for a while, which surprised me since that's not really the kind of thing you do the first time you're with someone. It was a very pleasant surprise, though.

Right when she started really paying attention to my clit and I was getting close to the edge, we heard someone enter the bathroom. I swear, the timing couldn't have been worse. If whoever that was had looked under the stall, she would have seen the lower bodies of one person kneeling in front of the other. You could smell the sex in the air. It would have been pretty obvious what was going on. I very quietly and slowly got up onto the toilet seat and balanced there so whoever it was couldn't see my feet, and the girl I was with hastily buttoned her shirt and pretended she was looking for something she dropped on the floor. The mystery woman either didn't notice anything or didn't react, all she did was go into the only other stall in the bathroom and start to pee. 

I was standing balanced on a toilet seat, but I was still incredibly turned on. I remember feeling a trickling down my thigh but being unable to move for fear of being heard. My special friend also noticed this, and she apparently thought that the other woman hadn't noticed us at all because she very quietly moved over to where I was and continued where she'd left off with my pussy, but a lot slower and quieter. I couldn't believe she was taking a risk like this since if she got caught, it would ruin her career. She'd be dishonorably discharged from the Navy, which is not good to have on your resume. I quickly lost all train of thought as her tongue worked her magic. She knew exactly what she was doing, running her tongue slowly in circles around my clit with just enough pressure to keep me on the verge of coming but not over the edge. I was having a lot of trouble not making any noise, since the other girl was about a foot away and would be able to hear everything.

I don't know what that girl drank, but finally she flushed the toilet, washed her hands and left. I got down off the toilet seat and she really went to work on me this time, licking my clit with the flat of her tongue and I came, grabbing her head and rubbing myself against her face as my moans echoed in the bathroom. I was still feeling small aftershocks through my body when she slipped a finger in and started thrusting them in and out. This in itself can cause me to come and that's just what I did, again. I bucked my hips against her hand and grabbed her head so I could kiss her as hard as I'd ever kissed anyone. Having someone's tongue in your mouth while you're having an orgasm is pretty awesome. 

I leaned back against the stall door and let my breathing come back to normal. We just looked at each other for a while and finally I said, "That was great. I wish we had more privacy so I could really show you a good time though."