 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Recap: This set of short stories are sequels to the "Wife Bang in the Stables" series, which should be read first for full context. That is, if you're into context. 

These are things I have learned since the day my wife, Lisa, showed me the videos chronicling her sudden slide from loving and faithful wife, into full wantonness with my daughter's male friends and other men in the neighborhood. Her final confession of the day was that she had been the neighborhood slut for the months between the video recordings and her subsequent confession to me.

From the initial series, you the reader are already aware that while I found it all humiliating, it also awakened a horny, voyeuristic demon in me. In truth, I got caught up in the videos and found myself eagerly traveling with my wife down her new path. Moreover, we fucked almost nonstop throughout that evening and the entire night of the confession. Fortunately, the kids were away for the weekend, so they were not privy to the antics of their mom and dad.

The morning after my wife's revelation to me, I awoke from an exhausted sleep and pondered everything that had happened. 

That is when several questions began to clarify in my now-rested mind: 1) What did the term "neighborhood slut" mean? 2) With whom in the neighborhood had she done it? 3) When and how?

I quickly learned the answer to question 1 and over the following hours and days, I asked questions 2 and 3 over and over again. To her credit, Lisa provided honest, detailed accounts of each encounter. Admittedly, I was simultaneously surprised and embarrassed at each revelation as many of them happened right under my nose. Nevertheless, my cock always responded the same way, with resounding approval and the desire for more.

These snippets are some of the more memorable events that she has told me about to date. 

Finally, all participants in this disclosure are of the legal age to have all the sex they want, with whomever they want without breaking any laws.

*******

Wife Learns About the Girls in Her House

This is a continuation of the pool party story. Lisa didn't tell it that same night, because let's face it, we were both spent. However, after a fitful night of dreams about bikini-clad young adult women, I was ready to hear the tale. 

Unfortunately, we couldn't do it first thing, because our daughters were home. However, after a nice family breakfast, Jamie headed off for a friend's house and one of the local soccer moms with carpool duty, picked up our youngest for practice.

I admit, I had some weird things going on, as it had been made blatantly obvious to me that my daughter was sexually active with her boyfriend, Ben. I saw her with a new set of eyes that morning at breakfast and realized that she was legally an adult and as long as she's being careful, that I should stay out of it. Her mom seemed to have a handle on it, though I almost spit out my coffee when I had that thought and recalled that her mom was the neighborhood fuck-toy.

I got three sets of eyes on me as I choked on the hot liquid in my throat, but just nodded and said, "Sorry, went down the wrong pipe."

Everyone now appeased, we had a normal breakfast and then the girls went about their business for the day.

As soon as the youngest was out the door, I picked Lisa up and threw her over my shoulder. 

She laughed and playfully fought against me as I carried her to our room and dropped her on the bed.

She was only wearing an oversized t-shirt and skimpy panties from bed, so I gripped the panties by the waistband and deftly pulled them off her body before burying my face into her pussy.

She moaned immediately and began to grind against my face, as I nibbled at her lips before licking downward to her taint and farther to her rosebud asshole.

She moaned, "Oh fuck yes baby, yes!"

I gave her a thorough licking before breaking off and moving up her body to kiss her. 

We kissed breathlessly as I was positioned over her. 

Between kisses, she managed to get out, "You want to hear about the girls, don't you?"

My reply was a simple growl, before rolling over and taking her with me. 

Giggling again, she said, "Calm down big boy, let me get situated here."

With that she positioned her body beside me and hooked a knee over my legs, before placing her right hand on my inner thigh and caressing the sensitive skin in that area. "What do you want to know?"

A mixed growl and groan rumbled from my chest as I hissed, "You said you learned things about the girls. I want to know what you learned."

Maintaining her teasing caress, she asked, "I can and will tell you everything, my love, but you should know that it involves Jamie too. I cannot tell you some of it without telling it all and then there are other things that I will need to tell you. Are you ready for this? It could blow your mind."

Taking her words as more of a challenge than anything, I replied without hesitation, "I'm ready to hear it all. Every bit of it."

With hindsight being what it is, I sometimes wonder if I would have answered differently, had I known what she was about to tell. When I do wonder it though, the answer is always a resounding, "No, fuck you hindsight."

She moved her hand to the zipper of the shorts I was wearing and began to playfully unzip and rezip them before starting. "Okay baby, if you say so. As you know, I had finally gotten the fuck and orgasms I needed from the boys that day. Shortly afterward, the boys headed out for some sporting event they were going to while Jessica, Helen, Grace and Becky were staying to spend the night. 

"I didn't really give it much thought, because one or more of them is constantly over here, so it was just back to being a normal evening.

"In fact, I was exhausted from all my, ummm... exercise, and took a long hot bath before retiring to our bedroom early with a glass of wine. It wasn't long before I was asleep.

"It was a few hours later when I awoke again. About 1:00AM or so, I think.

"I sipped some wine and decided that I needed a snack. With everything that had happened, I had not really eaten much of anything all day, so I headed into the kitchen.

"I wasn't surprised when I passed Jamie's room and I heard the girls laughing behind the closed door. I didn't interrupt them as I went through and made myself a quick sandwich.

"I headed back to our room and this time when I passed Jamie's door, it was very quiet inside of there. I didn't think much of it and dropped the snack off in our room before heading back. 

"My intention was to check on them and tell them good night, but I stopped short of opening the door by what I thought was a buzzing sound followed by a very quiet moaning sound. A couple nervous sounding giggles accompanied them."

I spoke for the first time since she started, "Buzzing, moaning and giggles?"

"Uh-huh, exactly."

"Do tell more baby."

"Well, I knew that I should just leave it alone and walk away, but I couldn't stand not knowing what was happening. 

"I fought the desire to stay for a few moments, but then curiosity got the best of me, so I... ummmm... sorta eavesdropped." She finished this last with a bashful giggle of her own.

"You are soooo naughty. What did you hear spy-girl?"

"Well, I didn't hear much else by the door, but I did remember how the girls are always complaining that they hear everything that happens in the other's room. Jamie keeps talking about sound-proofing her wall, so she doesn't hear Ann screaming at her video games.

"So, I decided to go into Ann's room and see if I could hear. I had to try a couple different spots on the wall but found one where it was pretty clear. Of course, I made a quick trip to the kitchen and got a glass first."

I was getting very curious myself, but was trying to play it cool, so I laughed and said, "You've seen too many movies."

She just winked and quipped, "Seriously, it worked."

My cock twitched at the realization that I was about to hear intimate details of these girls' lives that no one was supposed to be privy too. Especially, with me being the dad of one of them.

However, to hide it I kept my silly commentary going, "Okay then, what did you hear double-O 69."

With mock seriousness, she shushed me. "About the time I got settled, the buzzing and moaning stopped, and they started talking again. Babe, I could hear them almost as good as being there. That's when I learned they were playing truth and dare."

"Truth and dare," I responded, "that could be anything, right?"

"Hush and listen mister. I'm sure the game started out innocent enough, but by the time I got around to listening, it was turning another direction."

She had a gleam in her eye now, so I replied quickly, "Okay, okay. I'm shutting up."

With a huff of faux impatience, Lisa said, "Thanks," and continued.

"It turned out that Jessica had just performed some kind of dare with one of Jamie's sex toys, because she sounded flustered when asked how she liked it."

My wife's smile turned wicked when she said, "From her tone, I think she liked it a lot."

This was sexy to hear about Jessica, but I was sidetracked and injected. "How many sex toys does our daughter have?"

Lisa huffed again and shrugged before saying, "A few..."

Moving on, she continued. "Anyway, I made myself comfortable and listened to the girls take turns with truth and dare. More so, than not, they moved from truth and started taking more dares. I think they were all a bit excited over Jessica's positive experience with the toy.

"Though, I did learn some eye-opening truths from the truth portions. For instance, Mike has fucked both Becky and Jessica. Gill had sex with our Jamie once, and all the girls agree that Clint is a pervert, but they like him for it.

"It actually got a little out of control in there and I wished I could've seen it, but honey, I'm going to admit something to you. I did cum listening to them.

I stuttered, "You... you came? How out of control did it get?"

"Mmmm, full on girl orgy, the best I could tell."

I was excited and pissed at the same time. I just couldn't believe this all happened while I was gone camping. Fuck that shit, I'm never going camping again. "Seriously?"

"Yes baby, I'm not sure when it got there, but soon each turn was a dare followed by buzzing and moans. 

"The previous giggles stopped happening after a couple more dares and I could almost feel the sexual tension through the wall.

"Things got even more serious when Grace was dared to eat Jessica's pussy.

"There was a little fussing, but I could tell that it was half-hearted at best. Then, there was a reminder from Becky that they had all agreed not to wuss out of any dares."

"Hold fuck..." was all I could say. My cock straining against my shorts.

Ignoring my words, she carried on. "I then heard Jessica squeal and everything went quiet for a few seconds, until she began to moan softly. My fingers were in my panties at that point and I was rubbing myself at the visions in my head.

"After a few minutes, Jessica's moans were getting louder and Grace was told that time was up. 

"I think both girls wanted to keep going, because it continued on. It was long seconds later when the moaning finally stopped, and I heard Jessica let out a disappointed sounding sigh.

"One of the girls, I believe Becky was concerned they were being too loud, but Jamie told them not to worry because I slept like a stone. 

"I laughed to myself at that, but then got startled when I heard Jamie's door open. 

"I almost freaked out because I thought they were going to check our bedroom and find me missing. I was so relieved when the door closed again, and I heard Jamie ensure them that the coast was clear.

"After my heart started again, I continued listening as there were several more pussy eating and toy dares. There was no more pretending to complain and multiple moans during each dare. I'm pretty sure they were all masturbating and watching each other perform."

The visions in my head were nothing short of delicious and I just murmured, "Oh my fucking god."

"That's when the biggest surprise of the night was revealed."

I was so eager to hear it that I didn't bother to interrupt, but I was in heaven imagining these lovely girls pleasuring themselves just down the hall from where I sat right now. 

Admittedly, I wasn't prepared for the huge surprise I got.

"It was during another round. All the girls had either had to play with themselves or lick a pussy. I could tell they were all horny as fuck by this time. 

"You know what I mean, right baby? Not just any kind of horny, but that kind of horny where you will say or do anything to get what you want?"

I just nodded, excited to hear more. I knew what she was talking about very clearly.

"The game came back around to Jamie and she chose truth. 

"I was both surprised and disappointed. I could hear a few of them panting from what they had been doing and this was going to put a pause on it or break it up entirely. There was really no need to be worried.

"It was Becky who asked the question and let me tell you baby, the following few minutes are burned into my memory forever. I will always hear them as vividly as when they first entered my ears.

"Becky asked Jamie who her dream fuck would be, Ben or someone else?"

At this point, I was thinking, "Okay, big deal. This must be a woman thing." However, I smartly kept my comments to myself.

I focused back in on Lisa as she said, "I held my breath to ensure I didn't miss her answer. I wanted to know if she was in love with Ben, or whether she was interested in one of the other boys at school."

She stopped speaking then and looked at me seriously. "Baby, are you truly ready for this? I nearly fell out of my chair when I heard her speak the truth."

My mind was reeling, I truly had no idea what name could impact her so much, so I just blurted out, "I'm ready, tell me."

"Well, she didn't answer right away. Instead, I heard a buzzing sound begin and distinctly recognized our daughter's moans. I was confused, because she hadn't taken a dare, but she was using a toy. 

"I know now that she was working herself up to tell the truth... the real truth."

I prodded, "Okay, go on."

"I sat motionless and listened to her as she obviously masturbated with her vibrator while the other girls waited for her answer. Finally, Becky prompted her again to answer the question.

"Jamie's moaning just got louder, and she began to mutter a name that I couldn't understand.

"I focused as much as possible for fear I'd miss it, but it was unnecessary. You see, her voice got louder as she continually chanted the truth. Apparently, while bringing herself to a huge orgasm."

Lisa gave me one last, resigned look. "I listened to our daughter pleasure herself and chant the name of the person she wants to fuck more than anyone and do you know what she said? She vocalized, 'Daddy, daddy, fuck me daddy, fuck your little girl so good!'"

My mouth fell open. I was speechless. I never expected to hear this. I couldn't process it.

Lisa was again caught in her memory and didn't notice me as she continued, "I heard the other girls make comments like, 'oh my god,' 'you're so bad,' and even 'I'd bang your dad too, he's hot.'

"I don't know why baby, but when I heard Jamie chant your name as she masturbated, I slipped my hand back into my panties and masturbated along with her."

Then with emphasis, she said, "That is when the girl orgy really began. 

"I heard multiple moans and another buzzing sound, as they began to do all kinds of nasty things to each other, but none were louder than Jamie as she begged you to fuck her. 

"She was lost in her fantasy and I learned the others were helping her, because Becky kept encouraging Helen to fuck Jamie with that vibrator like it was her daddy's cock. 

"I couldn't believe it, and I couldn't stop it. I played with myself and listened as our daughter was fake-fucked by her friends while imagining it was you.

"It continued for five or more minutes and I believe the girls took turns ramming our daughter's cunt with her vibrator and pretending it was you. Finally, she screamed and I could tell she was having one of the best orgasms of her life as her friends played with her body."

Lisa blushed bright red and continued, "I'm ashamed to admit that I came at the same time as her. There was something about the sexual need that your daughter felt for you that made my slut side react in kind.

"Breathlessly, I rested for a few moments before focusing in again on the activities in the bedroom. For at least 30 minutes or so, I participated on the other side of the wall and came at least 3 more times. 

"I know all the girls had fun and came at least once each, because I heard it all clearly. 

"I didn't go back to our room, until it had quieted down almost completely. The final sounds I heard were some mildly embarrassed giggles as the girls finished and realized what they'd done. Of course, I also heard some quiet sweet talking and kissing, but couldn't tell who was involved."

I had not spoken for a long time; such was the state of my shock. I had heard everything she said but was in no way prepared for this revelation. My own daughter wanted to have sex with me, her father. 

As my mind started working over-time to make connections, I realized that it made sense in a way. 

Jamie was always very affectionate toward me and even at 18 years-old, she'd still choose to sit in my lap and give me quick kisses on the mouth instead of my cheek. Her outfits were often scandalous, and I'd constantly be seeing more barely covered tits and ass than a father should, but it was her house too. She should be comfortable.

Also, how the hell would I know what any of it meant? She's my first and oldest daughter. I don't know what's normal and what's not.

I was broken out of my thoughts by Lisa's next words.

"Well, someone liked it."

I was perplexed. "What, who liked what?"

She didn't say anything. Instead, she pointed at my lap. I followed her gaze and saw for myself. 

I had exploded inside of my shorts. I didn't even know when it happened, but there was a huge wet spot from the cum I'd released.

"It's okay baby, seriously, it's okay. I have more to tell you."

I stammered, "Okay, how can it be okay?"

"Let me tell you. There is more. You know that Jamie and I went through a rough spell, right? Where we couldn't be in the same room without arguing?"

Numbly, I nodded. I had noticed, but didn't really address it, because I figured it was mommy and daughter business.

"Well, it turns out she's been jealous of me and that's why she was lashing out. I know this now, because the next day after the girls were gone, I approached her and told her what I heard the previous evening."

"What? You confronted her? How did she take that?"

"She denied it at first and then got mad, but then she broke down crying and admitted it.

"Honestly, it was a breakthrough for the both of us. We both cried a lot and talked a lot. We really came through our hard time and have come closer together over it. We have no secrets now."

"No secrets? You mean, she knows about you being a... ummmm. Fuck it. You being a slut?"

Her beautiful eyes glistened as they bore into my soul. "Yes love, she knows it all. I confessed to her and we're okay with each other."

I was dubious. "Seriously, she's okay with it?"

"Well, she was worried about you, but when she found out you knew, she was more accepting."

"But Lisa, damn, what are we going to do? Jamie, my flesh and blood daughter, wants to have sex with me."

Lisa's eyes took on a thoughtful haze before clearing. She lifted her shoulders in a shrug and said. "Honestly, love, what kind of moral compass am I? Also, I hate to point out the obvious, but your body's reaction doesn't match the words coming out of your mouth."
