 I had a feeling about her the instant I saw her. She had just moved in and was busy directing the gorillas the moving company hired. She looked to be about fifty, but only if you're a woman. Most guys would probably peg her at no more than late thirty-something. I'm a woman; guessing another woman's age is a genetic thing. They'll never get it right.

My family didn't have enough cash to send me away to college, so I wound up going to the local community college. Which turned out to be a smart move. It gave me an entire year to get to know our new neighbor. And I know every inch of her, too.

It was right after my last exam for the fall semester when things got really interesting. Mom and dad were going off to Aunt Rose's place in Canada. Knowing dad, I'll bet he spends the entire two weeks next to a heater and wrapped up like a burrito. They had enough confidence in me to allow me to stay home solo. I found out later that dad apparently decided to stack the deck in his favor, but that one will have to wait a bit.

Brenda Dobeson was her name. I actually went over to introduce myself. She was wearing a long black dress. It hid her body well. Too well; I couldn't even tell if she was wearing a bra or panties. And I looked; trust me. The weekend they left I was busy trying to figure out how I was going to seduce her. I was coming up lank when I ran in to a friend from college.

Kevin Miller should have been in Virginia Tech, but the dolts decided he didn't fit their standards. He's a wiz at computers and electronics. And actually a fairly cool guy. So what if he's black and doesn't act the part? Who the fuck cares?

He came by on Saturday to deliver a disk copy of our group project. I was busy thinking about Brenda when he shook me. I snapped back into the present, blushing like mad.

"Ok, Queen. Spill it. You've looked like a zombie since..." His eyes narrowed slightly, but the look was comical.

"Well?" I said.

"And you're trying to hit on her. Ok. Try this one. You're solo for two weeks, right? You think you hear something. Maybe you just need to feel like someone's in the house with you. Someone you trust. You pop over and ask to stay with her. She'll probably put you in a spare room, which nixes that. You can't play but so innocent; she'll see that."

"Hold up, James Bond! How about I just go over there and get her drunk? I know she drinks."

"Too complicated. She might have a guilt trip or something. You could just knock on her door and ask her to fuck you." He didn't smile when he said that. He couldn't...

"Hey. Bull in a China shop, but you never know. Otherwise you'll be stuck with your favorite plaything and dreams."

"You're Ok with this? I thought..."

"That I was a homophobe? Hell no. Got no prob with gay men and lesbians. Flaming queers and bull dykes... that's a whole 'nother bucket 'o shit." He always let his Southern accent slip when he gets pissed off. I smiled and thanked him. I offered to square things with him properly.

"Afraid not, Queen. Don't think I don't want to, but right now I value our friendship too much. It would be dishonorable." I silenced him the instant he said that word. I'd spent two weeks learning how much honor meant to him. I should have remembered.

Just a word to the wise, ladies. When someone with his sense of honor and justice and loyalty says they love you, you're in it for life. Even if you slit their throats, they will not dishonor you or the memory of you. The concept chills me even now, and I'm married to Kevin.

* * * *

I knocked on Brenda's door, still wondering what I was going to do. When she opened the door, I tried to speak. But the sight of her in a pink teddy... satin and lace no less... and a bright smile totally choked me.

"Care to come in?" she asked. I walked inside, dazed beyond belief. Or so I thought. One look around the livingroom and I was dead to the world.

I had seen the place before. Not like this, however. The lights were off, replaced by dozens of candles. White candles. The sofa was covered in a thick white fur blanket. The floor sported an Asian rug. Incense filled the air. But it was the armor rack of sex toys and accessories that caught my attention.

And it was an armor rack. It could have easily held three complete sets of English medieval armor. With room for spare equipment... like lances. It held so many toys it would take ten pages to describe them all! In the interest of time, I'll relay the toys we wound up using. Sit back; this might take some time.

She locked the door and walked up behind me. When she wrapped her hands around my hips, I shuddered and backed up into her. This could have technically been rape... if I wasn't so damned hot to fuck this older woman. She released me, then walked over to the toy store, letting her teddy fall to the ground as she did. Her body was very well curved. She turned to one side, giving me a good view of her gracefully sloped breasts.

"Choose." Her voice sent electricity through my nipples.

"Only one?" She smiled. Her hands dropped to a cabinet draw and opened it. I watched as she strapped on the mother of all dildos. Blacker than night and easily a foot long and four inches thick! There was no way I was going to be able to take that monster, and told her so.

"Before your parents come back, you will, little one."

She was on me in seconds. Fear gripped me briefly, then the sensation of her hot lips on my clit crushed those thoughts in an instant. I grabbed her head and held on for dear life and she tore an orgasm from my body. It nearly blacked me out. I managed to regain just enough mind power to pull away from her and fall to my knees.

Brenda looked so perverted with that fake dick sticking up from her crotch. Perverted... and delicious. I crawled forward and plastered my mouth to her drooling cunt. She hissed, grabbing me by the hair and pulling me into her cunt.

"Eat me. Suck out my slit, you fuckin' dyke whore. You're gonna love getting this hard dick in your holes. All of 'em." Christ! Where did she learn those lines? Did they teach Female Porno Speak at a school and forget to tell me which one?

Despite sounding like a porno flick bimbo, her words were tuning me on again. I rammed two fingers into her asshole. When she started up again, I felt myself climbing higher and higher... well past the power of that last one.

"Oh yes! Finger my asshole. You're a dirty little dyke slut! You'd like to be sucking many cunts right now, wouldn't you? I'll bet you'd like them to fuck your rancid lezzie slit. WOULDN'T YOU!!!" She came hard and loud, shouting profanities at the top of her lungs. She thrashed about like someone had hit her with a live wire.

When she finally calmed down, I pulled away from her and headed to the rack. Without thinking I grabbed two double headed dildos and a small bottle of love lube. I turned around, grinning like a fiend.

"Time to fuck, Brenda."

She raised her eyebrows. I knew what she was asking, but actions speak much louder. I joined her on the floor, but sat on my haunches. I lubed up one dildo and slid it deep into my ass. My former boyfriend introduced me to anal sex by accident. Or so he says. HE slipped... I'll just bet. I'll also bet he didn't expect me to fuck him like there was no tomorrow when he did it. Seeing my actions, Brenda rose to her haunches, grabbing the other end of my anal probe. Pretty soon we were connected in a most peculiar way. When I slid the other two-banger into my cunt, she joined me again.

I'll bet we looked funny. We tried to find a position that would allow one of us to fuck the other. We failed a few times, and laughed ourselves silly. When we finally reached a good position (we had to take off her strapon before getting to this point,) we were off and fucking. We ground out cunts onto those fake dicks, also filling our assholes with latex monsters. I don't know how many times I came. Once Brenda began stroking my clit like she was jacking off a guy, it was like one massive, never-ending orgasm.

* * * *

I awoke to the sensation of being stretched by a bull. My eyes snapped open and I tried to move. Tried... Brenda has tied me down to the table. Its cloth was covered in a soft fur, rubbing my nipples and arousing me. I tried to speak, but the ball-gag prevented that. She was raping me!

And I liked it. So help me God I liked it. There I was, getting raped by a dyke, and loving every stroke! I felt my cunt grab the invading monstrosity. Apparently she felt it.

"Grip that cock, you slut. Bet you'll never find a guy built like me." She was wrong; Kevin topped her in both length and girth. But that is for another day.

I fucked back as much as I could. Which turned out to really send my nipples into orbit. The heat they generated really got my cunt oozing. I knew I was going to cum big. SO did Brenda.

"Oh yeah! Fuck me back you slut. That's it. That's it; fuck me. Fuck me. Oh... shhh... nnnnn... IiiiiiiiiiiIIiiiieeeeeeeeeeee!!!!" Her orgasm triggered mine. She whipped my nectar into a froth. I could feel it creeping down my legs. Never before had I been so well and truly fucked!! She fell onto my back and began removing that huge thing from my cunt. It gaped open, almost as if it were begging for its return.

"Next time, I get to be the victim," she whispered into my ear. I couldn't wait for her to fall asleep!!

* * * *

When she finally crashed, I waited until I knew she wouldn't wake up. I made my way to the rack and selected a small dildo to replace the monster in the holder. Strapping myself in, I returned to Brenda. She was a heavy sleeper. I was about to get the things to tie her to the bed when I got another idea. I was fairly fit, I wonder if she could fight me off? I grinned from ear to ear and jumped onto the bed. Literally.

She started to wake up, but was still groggy. I easily flipped her onto her stomach. Ramming the dildo up her asshole was a bit tougher. She quickly realized what was happening and tried to fight back. That's when I spoke.

"You'd better not so much as peep, bitch. This is payback. Now it IS your turn, you sick fuckin' slut. You're nothing but a common slut. Now lay there and be a good one for once in your miserable excuse for a life." She came during the middle of my speech, her hips betraying her by whipping back onto my fake dick, jamming another two inches deep into her rear.

"You can't.."

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, SLUT!" I growled, punctuating each with by ramming that dildo into her asshole. She was dry, so I knew it had to hurt like Hell. Good. Maybe she'd ask next time before she went and tied someone else up.

I fucked her for about ten minutes. She came twice. When I finally came, it was more like a pitiful whimper. I worked too damned hard for that to be it. Whipping off the strapon, I turned Brenda over and sat my cunt down on her face.

"Bitch! You're gonna eat me 'til I cream all over your face. You're also gonna lick my asshole. Now get started before I spank that useless cunt of yours!" Those last words got her attention, and she closed her mouth. I was really beginning to like her.

I spun around on her face and began whipping her cunt with my bare hand. She yelped into my cunt and began eating me out. I got close to cumming, but decided to keep it up.

"BITCH! Didn't I tell you? My asshole!! Do my asshole you twat!" I pinched her clit real hard. Probably harder than I should have. She hunched her hips and came, actually squirting her juice well into the air. I came, but I was not done.

"I came! God it was good. But you didn't do my asshole. And I'm not leaving until you do!" I spent the next two hours coming like all get out. When she finally did tongue my asshole, I came so hard that I blacked out. So did she.

* * * *

I awoke next morning to find myself alone. The smell of fresh coffee, bacon and eggs brought me out of my morning haze quickly. I found my way to the kitchen easy enough. Brenda was there, cooking us breakfast in the nude.

"Morning! What time is it?"

"It's nine, Little One. Hungry?"

"Starved."

We ate breakfast in silence. Not a strained silence; this was one of those comfortable moments in time when everything makes sense. I was just finishing up my cup of coffee when she spoke.

"I was worried that you would never drop by here, Little One"

"I almost didn't. A friend convinced me to give it a try."

"A friend? Who?"

"Kevin Miller. He's in a few of my classes here at college. Real nice guy. Flaky about this honor thing, though."

We talked like a mother and daughter would talk if they were best friends. While I still remembered the night before, this was totally refreshing. It also bothered me slightly. So I asked her about it.

"This may sound strange, but..."

"Honey, I'm about as liberal as they come. What happens at night ONLY happens at night. During the day, I'm just a fifty-two year old woman living out her dying days in relative peace and quiet. Hell... I even have three beautiful children walking around this planet.

"If it bothers you, don't let it. Just consider me one of the girls during the day..."

"And my own personal slut at night?"

"That depends on who wakes up first, Little One." The glint in her eye told me I had better wake up first. Then again... no one really lost in that race.