 My gentle reader: Parts of this may seem, to some, a bit rough. Please know, it never gets rougher than this...and doesn't rise to level of "rough sex", which Blue and I are not into.

Need I say, this is not erotica, it's porn? I probably don't need to say that. As with everything I write, this actually happened...it was a few weeks ago.

I want to thank all of you who have commented and favorited my writing and me! I WANT to be able to click a reply button right there and reply to you, but they don't have that, so I reply there, on the story, hoping the commenter will come back and see it. I would gladly thank you for every favorite if I knew how. Yes, there are PMs, but I've found not everyone likes to receive PMs. I do reply to every email I receive, without fail. 

*****

Blue loves it when I pounce on her. She says I get "this look" in my eyes...alert...watching for any chance to make my move...my pussy already dripping down my inner thighs, my smooth, tanned skin glistening.

About to pounce, I crouch way down on my feet...Blue sees it and squeals with utter delight...she watches me with an excited look on her face.

I just watch her. My eyes follow her every move...my pussy throbs, my outer lips swelling. With nothing even touching my pussy, I will cum when my body lands on her. That's just the way I am.

Oh yes...I shall claim her as mine...the entire jungle shall know to whom she belongs.

Blue is teasing me with her finger inside her delicious pussy...the pussy I will devour and fuck mercilessly with my tongue. She leans back on one hand and raises her ass...she removes her finger and and spreads her juices on her inner thighs with more of her juices flowing from her hot pussy, down to her ass. 

She hotly looks into my eyes. "I know you want my pussy don't you? Baby needs Sunny to eat her real hard." 

My urge to have her is now savage...primal...beyond my control. My large, open outer lips quiver with anticipation...every nerve in my body is ultrahot...waiting...watching.

Blue knows what to look for and she saw it...one heel of one of my feet shifted ever so slightly. She screams joyfully and dives onto her tummy, her arms and legs and spread out, knowing happily, there's no stopping me. 

She has her ass in the air for me. It says to me, "Go ahead...gimme what ya got!"

Mere seconds passed, then I push off my feet with my strong legs and fly through the air, landing on top of her.

My hips land on her upraised and beckoning ass at the same time my open mouth lands on the back of her neck, my teeth against her skin. 

Fuck, she loves this...she spreads her legs wider under me and grabs handfuls of my hair, pulling it hard...I raise my mouth from her neck and yell for the jungle to hear...

"BLUE IS MINE! BLUE BELONGS TO SUNNY! NO ONE ELSE MAY HAVE HER!"

My mouth pounces back onto her neck...I bite down a little harder...I let her feel my teeth as I suck her skin HARD...she screams and fucks at my hips with her ass...I scream back at her and cum so fucking hard, my body shudders from deep within...my hot woman-cum flows heavily between her ass cheeks and burns her opening before flowing down to her pussy...Blue fucks her cum-soaked ass against me harder now, causing my hips to wetly spank her...

It makes her even hotter when I give it back to her. I raised my hips off her hot, wet ass and slammed down onto her, my cum splattering all over us...

The jungle heard me loud and clear...

"BLUE IS ALL MINE!! BLONGS TO SUNNY!! MINE!!"

"FUCK YES!! I'M ALL YOURS! TAKE ME SUNNY!!"

Under my body, I allowed her to struggle onto her back...she's whimpering for me now and immediately drapes her legs on my shoulders and her back arched, pulling my hair to get my mouth to her pussy...

"PLEEEEEEEEEEEEASE SUNNY...PLEEEEEEASE!!"

I held her ass and roughly pounced my mouth on her pussy, soaked with my cum and her juices. I sucked her into my mouth making hot, noisy, wet sounds and swallowing her sweet juices mixed with my cum that had flowed into her...

When I fucked her with my tongue, her hard orgasm rocked her body with quaking spasms...she screamed out loud, her body a shuddering mass of raw abandon...she dug her nails into my shoulders...

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!! FUCK YES!! YESYESYESYES!!

Her orgasm lasted forever! Then she collapsed to the mattress, completely spent, her muscles quivering...I kissed her inner thighs, then wetly kissed her pussy...a promise to it that I will always return.

I gently slid my body onto hers...she was breathing hard and I could feel her heart beating against mine. I turned us onto our sides and lovingly wrapped my body around her, kissing her with all the love in the world...we purred contentedly into each others mouths and I caressed her down her back, over and over.

I gave her lots of soft little kisses on her lips while she still caught her breath...

"I love you so much, my precious Blue...till the end of time and beyond."

"I love YOU, my dear Sunny...always...forever...without end."

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2016 Sunny Johansen