 I sat back in the big leather chair in my new office thinking over the changes that had happened in my life in just the last few days. I had been working in the marketing department of an advertising company here in Colorado for almost ten years now. I'm 39 years old and happily married, I keep myself in good physical condition, and I love my job and the people I work with. All in all, I was pretty much content with my life the way it was. Then last week, Martin, the marketing director, dropped dead of a heart attack at the young age of 42. Late last night, Joe, the company CEO, called me into his office and offered me Martin's job, and here I was, sitting in my new office with the opportunity of a life time.

My husband, Chuck, stopped by to see my new office this morning, beaming with pride. He had taken me to dinner last Friday to celebrate and we spent the weekend relaxing and making love. Life couldn't get any better.

I was just getting settled in when Joe called me on the intercom.

"Chantee, come on in here, will you? I want to discuss the Viking account," he said.

I didn't answer. I just got up and entered his office through he door that adjoined our offices.

"Listen. Martin's been negotiating with this company for about four months now and Walker's been a real pain in the ass. I want you to fly to New York and wrap this up for me. I've asked Donna to get the tickets for this afternoon, so you better head home and pack."

"And what should I expect from Walker," I asked.

"It won't be easy. Just make sure that you come home with a contract signed. Donna has a draft ready for you to negotiate from…..and Chantee, just get this done. This could be an important client for our future in NYC, understand," he asked.

"Got it," I said as I got up and headed for the door. Donna handed me a file and tickets as I walked out the door. She said that she had made reservations at the Hampshire in Central Park and everything was set. I had some information from meetings about the account but I had never talked directly to anyone there, so this was sure to be an experience.

I called Chuck on the way home and told him what had happened. He understood completely, since the same thing usually happened to him. Before I had time to sit and think, I was packed, on the plane and on my way to New York City. The flight was uneventful, thankfully, and when I arrived, I took a taxi to the hotel.  It was late in the afternoon so I placed a call to Walker to let him know I was in town and that I would meet him the next morning.

When the call went through, I asked to speak to Mr. Walker. The receptionist politely informed me that I probably meant Ms. Walker. 

"Of course, I'm sorry," I said as she put the call through. 

"Hi, this is Melissa," the voice at the other end of the line answered. I introduced myself and told Melissa that I was in town and would be there first thing in the morning to meet her.

"Nonsense," she said. "You can't spend your first night in New York by yourself in the hotel. Why don't I pick you up in the lobby of the hotel around seven for dinner?"

So we agreed on the time and hung up. I sat there a little surprised.  Joe didn't tell me "Walker" was a woman. Just that she had been an asshole to negotiate with. I just assumed Walker was a man. I unpacked and took a long soak in the tub, trying to figure out how I was going to proceed with the negotiations tomorrow. Expecting to work with a man, I had brought along a number of sexy dresses, figuring that dinner would be included, and if I could get "Mr. Walker" to hit on me, I could easily close the deal. Now I was really going to have to negotiate. Fortunately Melissa sounded quite pleasant on the phone, and I began to suspect that Martin was the real asshole.

I finished my bath and picked out a dress for dinner. I chose my long black dress because, even though it was sexy, it was the most conservative dress I had, if you could call it that. The front showed off a little cleavage but the back plunged to the small of my back and there was a slit up the left side of the dress that went to about mid thigh. I finished with my hair, put on my makeup and headed for the lobby. It was now 6:55pm on Tuesday evening.

When I walked off the elevator, I saw a woman who was probably in her early thirties sitting in the lobby dressed in a long white dress. She stood as I approached and offered me her hand saying, "Chantee, I presume." She had long blond hair and when she stood I could see that she was quite attractive. Her body was slim and healthy and she had a perfect smile on her beautiful face. It was then that I guessed that the problem was Martin hitting on Melissa.

"Yes, you must be Melissa," I said as I took her hand. "Very nice to meet you. Thank you for the dinner invitation. It really wasn't necessary though," I said honestly. 

"Well I thought this would be a good chance to get to know each other before we had to start talking business. Have you ever been to New York before," she asked. 

"No this is my first trip here." She seemed quite friendly and we quickly hit it off. 

"So, I've made reservations at this little Italian restaurant that I know…..I hope you don't mind," she said as she headed for the door.

"No, not at all. I'm in your hands," I said laughing.

We went out into the street and I was surprised to see that Melissa had a personal limousine waiting for us. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised since she owned her own company and was obviously successful. I could see why Martin would have trouble with her. He thought that men were the only good business people. 

We proceeded to the restaurant and had a delightful meal with a bottle of Cabernet that was out of this world. We talked til about ten and I realized that I had made a real friend. We finished with coffee and Melissa just told them to put it on her tab.


"Why thank you Melissa. You really didn't have to…."

"Nonsense," she cut me off. "My pleasure." We climbed into the limo and she asked if I would like to join her for a nightcap. I said sure since it was only a little after ten. 

"Johnny, take us to the club please," she said to her driver.

"Yes maam." 

I settled back and made casual conversation as we drove. I didn't want to make the mistake of rushing into discussions about work. Besides, the evening had been so pleasant and Melissa so warm, I really didn't want it to end on a business note. There would be more than enough time tomorrow.

When we arrived at the club about forty-five minutes later, the chauffer opened the door and let us out. I was really mellow from all the food and wine. We went in and Melissa ordered more wine as we went into a private room settled on the big, overstuffed couch.  I made the mistake of crossing my legs, which made my dress ride up to the tops of my stockings where the dress split. Damn, I should have brought another dress. Next time I'll know better, I thought to myself.

The waiter came into the room and handed us glasses of wine before leaving and closing the door. This was obviously a very private club for the well to do. 

"To a very successful business relationship," she said as she offered her glass in a toast. "So, what did Joe tell you about me," she asked as we sipped my wine.

"Very little, actually," I replied. "In fact, they didn't even tell me you were a woman. You were just Walker," I laughed as I took another sip of wine. "Well also that you've been a little hard to negotiate with," I laughed again as our eyes met. "I guess you've been getting the best of him."

She laughed at that. "Anything else," she inquired.

"Not really. I guess I'm sort of flying blind here."

"Good. I was afraid when I saw how attractive you were that you dressed to seduce me," she said in a very casual tone.

"Seduce you………." I exclaimed.

"Sure. Even though Martin never let it interfere with his advances, he knew I was a lesbian. So I thought Joe sent you in order to take advantage my weakness."

"No……..I'm a happily married woman who just happened to get promoted after Martin's sudden death," I said a little nervously.

"I'm glad because I really enjoyed being with you tonight."

I shuffled in my seat a little and told her I enjoyed myself too. Then the bomb dropped.

"Tell me Chantee, have you ever made love to a woman," she asked as she looked away shyly.

"N..n..no," I stuttered. I've never really found myself in that position before," I answered honestly.

Melissa just got up and took my glass, going over to the private bar and pouring us another drink.  She handed it to me and sat down, this time a little closer. As I took the glass, she leaned towards me slowly until our lips were just inches apart. I could smell her sweet perfume and felt her hot breath on my face. I froze in that position with my eyes locked with hers. She leaned in further until our lips barely touched. I swear I felt a little shock of electricity pass between us. She backed up a couple of inches and said in a husky voice," You really are very beautiful."

"I…I…I never……," I stuttered, but she just touched her finger to my lips.

"Shhhhhhhhh………It's all right," she whispered. Our lips touched again but this time with a little more contact. Maybe it was the wine or maybe it was Melissa, but my body started to react to her. I didn't move away so I guess she took that as a good sign. She took my glass from my hand and reached across me to put it on the table next to hers. As she did, her breasts passed within a fraction of an inch of my face. I just sat there as still as I could.

Melissa sat back and reached out with her right hand and gently brushed it against the side of my face. Then she leaned towards me as she pulled my lips to hers. This time when she kissed me, I returned her kiss. It was the first time I had ever been kissed by a woman, but it was the most erotic thing I had ever experienced. We sat there for about a half an hour making out like two high school kids before I got my composure back.

"I told you I was married, right" I asked her, our faces just inches from each other.

"I know………..do you want to leave. It is getting late," she asked. I couldn't believe it. Here she was seducing me in her private club and yet she was giving me an excuse to escape.

"I don't want you to think I kissed you just because of our negotiations," I said as I looked her right in the eye.

We were both having a little trouble breathing at this point and she asked me again. "Do you want to leave?"

"No," was all I could say. Now it was my turn to kiss her. As our tongues danced with each other, I felt her hand touch my side for the first time. I had never felt anything like this before but I knew I wanted her to continue. It moved slowly up my side until it brushed the side of my breast. My dress was doing very little to cover me up at this point and I could feel my nipples pressing through the silky material. Now she cupped my breast in her hand and moaned into my mouth. That was it…….I knew I was lost. Our breasts pressed up against each other and I felt a longing between my thighs. I was confused. I knew this was wrong but it felt sooooooooo right.

I now felt her other hand on my thigh as we continued to kiss. It slowly moved up until she slipped it under my dress at the split. I reached out and cupped her breast as her hand reached the top of my stockings. My legs parted involuntarily. I was no longer in control and there was no thought of Chuck at this point. She held it there, giving me time to resist before moving it further between my legs. She moved it a little more, and as her finger tips brushed against my lace panties, I pulled away from her kiss.

"Oohhhhhhhhhhhh Melissa," I moaned softly. 

She took my hand and helped me stand where she faced me and again kissed my lips, this time slipping the thin straps off my shoulders and letting me dress fall to the floor.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, beautiful," she cooed as she cupped my breasts lightly, moving her palms over my hard nipples lightly. They felt like they were were going to explode in her hands. 

"What about the waiter," I whispered. "Relax and let me make love to you tonight," she said with her lips just inches from mine. I guess she had her answer when she looked in my eyes. She leaned over and her lips found my neck. She kissed me lightly all over my neck as my head fell backwards and my breasts were being massaged by her strong hands. Finally, she stood up straight and reached behind her. I heard her unzip her dress and let it fall to the floor, joining my own at our feet. She stood there completely naked except for her stockings, pushing me back onto the couch and sat beside me like a lioness on the hunt. She took my hips in her hands and grabbed the edge of my panties with her teeth, slowly pulling them down my legs until I was also naked.

As she pushed my legs apart and knelt between them, I was deeply aware that for the first time in my life, my legs were spread wide exposing my neatly trimmed pussy to the view of another woman. Melissa's long beautiful tongue slithered out from between her lips and lightly parted my lips.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god," I groaned. "You're killing meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee," I cried out softly. But Melissa had been here before and she wasn't about to rush things. Her left hand was on my thigh holding my one leg up and away from her while her other hand caressed my flat stomach just above the small patch of pubic hair that pointed the way to my pussy. Her tongue was long and pointed, and needless to say, very talented.

I looked down between my legs and watched as her tongue expertly licked the inside of my lips. I suddenly had a massive orgasm; my body thrashing around the couch like it had a mind of its own.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god. I'mmmmmmmmmmmmm cuuuummmmmmmmmmmming," I growled out in a voice that I didn't even recognize. Melissa held me down as best she could as her tongue continued to lash out at my swollen clit. I knew that I was drenching her face with my juices as I continued to cum. When it was over, she crawled up next to me and lightly kissed my lips.

"You're beautiful," she exclaimed as she laid her head on my shoulder and wrapped her arms around me. No demands, no sex in return, just pure unadulterated love at that moment. We lay like that for at least an hour before she got up and called her limo driver. 

"We'll be out front in fifteen minutes. Chantee has a busy schedule ahead of her tomorrow," she said with authority. She helped me with my dress and then put her own back on, and kissing softly.

It seemed a short trip back to my hotel as I lay with my head on Melissa's shoulder and my one arm wrapped around her. I felt like I was in heaven.

"Sleep well, sweetheart. We'll sign the deal in the morning," she said as I left her arms and headed for my hotel. I spent the night lying in bed remembering what had transpired that evening. For the first time in my life I think I was in love with someone other than my husband, and it was a woman named Melissa.

Bright and early the next morning, I checked out of the hotel and, leaving my luggage with the concierge, headed for Melissa's office. When I arrived, she seemed to be all business. She asked for the contract to sign, so I pulled it out and as I was handing it to her, I made up my mind. 

"I don't think we should be so hasty," I said as I pulled the contract back before she could take it.

"Why. What's the matter with it," she asked a little confused.

"Well, I just don't think we shouldn't rush into this and end up with a contract that we're not happy with…….besides, I haven't had a chance to see the city yet," I said boldly.

Melissa smiled at me at said, "And what would you like to see in our great city."

"You," was all I said. 

Melissa looked at me with a big smile on her face as she picked up her phone. "Deb, clear my calendar for the rest of the week, will you? And have the limo brought around front please." 

She came around her desk and we embraced for the first time today. I wrapped my arms around her neck and kissed her deeply as I felt that longing deep in my gut.

"I'll have to call my husband and tell him the negotiations have stalled," I said wickedly.

"Have you checked out of the hotel yet.," she asked.

"Yes, but my bags are still there."

"We'll stop by on the way to my place and pick them up. You're staying with me."

"Funny, I was hoping you would say that……we've got a lot of negotiating to do before the end of the week," I laughed. "I'll have to leave a number where my husband can reach me though. I'll just tell him that I'm staying with you so we can negotiate without being interrupted at the office."

"Will he be suspicious," she asked with concern in her voice.

"No. The last thing he would suspect is that I've fallen for another woman," I laughed. I knew I couldn't wait to get her in my arms again. I was on fire. As soon as we were in the limo, I moved next to her and wrapped my arms around her. 

"You made me feel like a special woman last night for the first time in a long time………..now I'd like to do the same for you," I said as I reached forward and unbuttoned her blouse. As I kissed her brazenly, I unclasped the front of her bra and pushed it gently aside, making sure I made contact with her nipples. She groaned softly at the feel of my hands on her flesh. I couldn't be as patient as Melissa was the night before. My lips found her neck on their way down to her beautiful tits.

"God you're so beautiful," I gasped as I took in the sight of her body. My tongue lashed out and licked her right nipple; then her left. My hands roamed freely over her body until I found her skirt zipper. It wasn't long before I peeled off her skirt and then her blue panties. I was breathless as I gazed at her shaven pussy. Her lips were well defined and were beginning to swell in anticipation. 

"I want to make you feel as good as you made me feel last night," I said as my tongue slithered out of my mouth and tasted another woman's pussy for the first. I lightly licked full length of one of her lips and then back down the other until she was squirming in her seat. This was really crazy. Here I was, a happily married woman, riding through New York City in a big black limo while making love to the most beautiful woman I had ever laid eyes on.

I could tell I was getting to her when I felt her body twitching. All of a sudden she started to convulse. "Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhh god, Chantee. You do that sooooooooo well, baby. Make me cum for you. Ohhhhhh yeesssssssssss, yeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssss," she screamed out.

I was a little nervous about the limo driver but I'm sure he's heard this before. Melissa continued to cum as I greedily lapped up her sweet juices. I ate her until she came four times. Then I moved up between her legs and kissed her on the lips, knowing that she was tasting her own juices from my lips.

Then I just sat back across from her and smiled, proud that I could make another woman cum like that. She just laid there with her legs spread wide and her juices running down her legs onto the leather seat, smiling at me.

"We're going to have one hell of a week; you and me," she laughed.

"I've never felt like this about anyone," I cooed. "I want to make love with you until I have to leave on Sunday."

"After what you just made me feel, you won't get any argument from me," she laughed. She pulled on her skit and picked up her panties. "A little souvenir," she said handing them to me. I just smiled and took the panties and tucked them into my pocket. 


"You know what this means though, don't you," I asked.

"What?"

"You're going to have to demand that I come here twice a month to service you……err I mean the account," I laughed.

"Done," was all she said.
