 My husband has always been fascinated by my desire to make love to a woman. I am relationship straight, but sexually bi-curious. I've always wanted to feel the soft lips of a woman against mine, the feel of smooth skin caressing my body, making her way to my soaking wet pussy. My husband fully supports my desires. He likes watching me make myself cum to videos of lesbians sliding their pussies across each other, fucking myself with my rabbit on full speed, cuming in time with them. We came up with sexual bucket lists a while back and my list, of course, included my ultimate fantasy of being with another woman. Being the amazing husband he is, he wanted to make this happen for me. After some research, he determined the best, and safest way to accomplish my goal of fucking another woman, was to head to Las Vegas. 

For our anniversary, he surprised me the day before with plane tickets to Las Vegas, leaving the following day on our anniversary. He had cleared the anniversary trip with my job and everything. The only bits of info he let me know were first class plane tickets and to make sure I brought sexy lingerie. The next morning, our flight left and a mere 4 hours later we were in the city of sin. We grabbed a cab and headed toward our hotel which I found out to be the luxurious Wynn with a room on the 52nd floor overlooking the strip. 

We changed clothes and headed out to our anniversary dinner and to try our luck on the craps table. We dined at the Eiffel Tower restaurant and watched the Bellagio fountains. His hand continually made its way to my inner thigh, stroking upwards toward my pussy until he eventually was fingering me at the dinner table, bringing me close to the edge. He leaned in to kiss my neck and whispered softly that the real gift he was going to give me for our anniversary was the gift of pussy. He had arranged a visit to the Bunny Ranch a short drive away from Las Vegas that evening. We were no longer going out to gamble. My pussy was instantly craving my mysterious female lover's touch and my husband's fingers brought me to orgasm right there in the restaurant, biting my lip to stifle my pleasure. 

We immediately grabbed the check and set out for my date with a high class hooker, my pussy juices dripping the whole way. We pulled up to the Ranch and checked in with the lovely hostess and notified her that we were there for the "Couples Experience" with Tanya. The lovely hostess suggested we grab a drink at the bar and make ourselves at home, so we did just that. After two drinks each, Tanya greeted us with a friendly, welcoming smile. She was around the same height as me, but her caramel colored skin and dark brown hair contrasted with my fair skin and blond hair. She was extremely curvaceous with an amazingly perfect heart shaped ass, tiny waist, and large breasts. She grabbed my hand and led us back to her room. 

The room was cozy, with black and purple satin sheets, large bathroom and shower, with dimming lights. She began by asking us what we were wanting to get out of the experience and my husband advised that all he wants is to watch his wife pleasured by a woman and check one item off her sexual bucket list. He cozied up in a large arm chair in the corner, unzipping his pants, waiting to stroke his cock to the view. Tanya grabbed the back of my head, pulling me into a deep kiss, her tongue exploring mine, her hands starting to explore my body, rubbing my nipples over my dress, sliding down to my ass and thighs, sliding to my aching pussy that was by this point soaking my thong and dripping down my thighs. Her fingers found my clit and gently made circles around it bringing me close to orgasm before we even started really getting into it. She pulled my dress over my head leaving me standing in my pink bra and thong. She took it upon herself to take those off and left me standing naked, dripping, and aching on display. 

I looked at my husband, who was desperately trying to not cum this early into the evening. Tanya's tongue found my nipples licking them lightly, slightly nibbling on them, making sure I got every penny's worth of my husband's well spent money. She asked if I was ready to move to the bed, as if my juices streaming down my legs wasn't signal enough. As I laid down, Tanya stripped down to nothing. She straddled me and kissed me deeply. I wrapped my arms around her, allowing my hands to roam, finding her ass, pinching her nipples, sliding down her stomach and finding her equally as turned on as I was. I circled her clit as she had done mine a few minutes prior. Her juices coated my fingers as I tried to please her as much as she was pleasing me. I slid two fingers in her pussy and she moaned as if she was truly enjoying and not just being paid to fuck me. 

Tanya asked what I wanted most. I wanted her pussy against mine, clit to clit, for both of us to experience immense pleasure. She slid down a few inches to where our clits lined up. Her pussy was soaked, as was mine so there was little resistance. Her body, her slit, easily glided against mine, bringing me closer to orgasm with each pass over mine. Her dripping pussy coated mine, I was pleased to see the woman my husband paid to fuck me was equally as into it as I was, and he was, having already cum all over himself in the corner, working on another orgasm. As she pinched my nipples I could feel the orgasm building in my pussy, in my hips and my ass, until all of my muscles were engaged in the most intense cum of my life. I grabbed her hips and pushed her hard onto my clit while she rocked her hips back and forward while I rode out my orgasm. She kept up her motion until she began to cum and flood me with her juices. 

She lay down next to me recovering as I stroked her pussy, feeling how swollen and wet she was. I knew I had to taste her, and I wanted her to taste me. I had already recovered and was ready to fully utilize the time we had left in my husband's original payment. Feeling quite bold I straddled her face and leaned forward to taste my first pussy, fully ready to engage in a lesbian 69. I could smell her wetness and arousal, mixed with mine. Her tongue began to lap at my pussy trying to get all of my juices as my tongue touched my first pussy. I tried to copy everything she did to me, sucking her clit while fingering her, then playing with her ass as I tongued her pussy hole. She tasted similar to what I've tasted from my own pussy on my fingers, maybe a bit saltier, but I couldn't get enough. I wanted my whole face covered in her wetness. She focused on my clit with two fingers in my pussy so I did the same to her, falling in love with the taste of pussy. I couldn't get enough. I felt an even bigger cum growing and as she fingered me and continued her assault on my clit, I squirted all over forehead and hair and she rubbed her face even more in my pussy making sure I rode out my cum. I put 3 fingers in her pussy and quickened my pace feeling her juices begin to flow more. I knew she was close to another orgasm so I sucked on her clit, swirling my tongue around and around. She cried out in ecstasy as I could hear my husband in the corner cuming all over himself for a second time. 

Our time was up and Tanya had another appointment. She kissed me goodbye and my husband tipped her another hundred. We loaded our exhausted selves into the cab and headed back to our hotel and I thanked him for a wonderful anniversary gift. We passed out the second we hit the bed and slept deeply that night. We awoke late that morning to a new day, with one of the bucket list items crossed off, deciding we should make an anniversary trip to see Tanya every year.