 **Note** This is the first story I have submitted under this name... if you would like to read part one of the story, look under the name "Sas It Up" and you can find other work I have done, and the start of Monica's tale... Feel free to comment and send me any feedback. 

* * * * *

Monica decided it was time for her favorite mailman to come around again and deliver her a package. She smiled to herself as she placed another order with her favorite adult toy website, Romantic Adventures. As she waited for confirmation of her order, she reflected on what had occurred the last time the mailman had brought his package out for her. 

Ring Ring 

Leaving the computer to finish updating and confirming her order she swiped the phone from its cradle and walked towards her kitchen. As she answered the phone with a cheery "Hello" she looked to the clock above her microwave and noted the dinner hour approaching. 

"Hey Monica, its Karen" there was a long pause and a subtle sigh before Karen continued, "Would it be all right if I came by? Maybe we could order a pizza and watch a movie, or just talk about your day." 

Monica turned to put the food she had pulled from her refrigerator back as she answered, "Well sure you can come over, do you want to go out or just stay in? Is everything all right? Can you talk?" 

"Everything will be fine as soon as I can get out of this house," replied Karen in a hushed tone. 

"Come on over, I will leave the door open," Monica quickly replied before dropping the phone to the kitchen table. As she ran down the stairs to the front door she shook her head. She was amazed that Karen could stay with her husband after the past few years. Karen was married to a guy named Robert, but he went strictly by Rob. Rob was a dick plain and simple, but Karen liked him and stayed with him, even though she knew he cheated on her occasionally.

Karen jogged down the street trying to make sure she would look flush and not pale like her mirror had reflected after her fight with Rob. As she walked up the few steps to Monica's door she wondered if she could do this much more, what has possessed her to get married? "Hey I'm here!" she yelled as she kicked off her sneakers near the front entryway. 

Monica looked over her couch and down at Karen as she spoke, "Hey Girly, I was just checking the TV Guide, we have exactly two choices tonight, we can see 'Lord of the Rings' and not the cock rings. Or we can see One Hour Photo. Your pick but either way I am warning you I will most likely crash and burn within ten seconds of both." 

"Hmmm... Decisions decisions... what do you have on video, knowing you I bet you have something a lot better. Karen smiled as she walked up the stairs and felt the tension leaving her body. Monica decorated her house in such a neutral color scheme that anyone who walked in felt relief the instant they stepped on the thick plush carpets. 

"Well I do have something kind of interesting, but it wont be here for a few days and I wont need it for a few days after that either," Monica giggled softly at the last remark. 

"Ooooo you have got to tell me, I hear a story coming on here" Let me order some food and then we can talk, because I did notice your favorite fantasy was parked outside your house for a good time the other day. 

"I tell you way too much" replied Monica, "So what's up with Rob?" 

"Same shit different day, he comes home late and wants to know if I plan on cooking him dinner, I told him to make his secretary do it since she does everything else for him." she shook her head and continued "Of course he comes back with 'what's that supposed to mean," like I don't know that he is cheating. I have totally given up on him. " 

"He is such a bastard, I have just the perfect present for you, Actually it came in the mail the other day, it was a free with purchase gift.," Monica continued to speak as she walked down the hall to her office, " I ordered a toy for myself and they gave me this free" as she walked out she held up a no nonsense white vibrator. "You said you wanted to try one of these, but would never buy one, so I thought maybe you would like to test this baby out. 

Karen took the vibrator into her hand and smiled like a child at Christmas, "This is so great, I have always been so embarrassed, but what if Rob finds it?" 

"Hide it from him, and if he does snoop you can bitch about his snooping, if you want you can always leave it here."

"Well I guess I could leave it here, would you mind if I came over here to use it? I just worry that he might catch me doing it and tell people... " 

"What is he going to say, that he cant keep his wife happy so she needs to find battery operated toys," Monica laughed. "Seriously its his problem not yours, I mean your nipples are already hard and all your doing is holding a vibrator, that tells me something significant, he isn't keeping you satisfied at all is he?" Monica gazed openly at Karen's breasts, the nipples erect under the smooth cotton of her shirt. 

"If you only knew, I bet you get more action from Jerry then I get from him, I know he is giving it to his secretary still, I just don't know what to do anymore, it kills me that I have raised his ass up in the ranks at work, and sat by his side through it all, and yet I can't find any satisfaction in any part of our marriage, especially in bed." Karen continued, "I actually was thinking, maybe I should just move out." 

Fucking Bastard, Monica thought as she got up to hug Karen. "He does not deserve you, and you better not move, if you need to get away you can always move in here and stay with me. Lets not talk about him, it just pisses me off and hurts you more, let me find a movie... " smiling Monica rose from the couch and headed to the television and the dvd rack next to it, carefully she selected the title she wanted and slid it into the dvd player. Grinning widely she picked up the remote and returned to the sofa, "I hope you like this, you may want to keep your new toy near by." 

Karen's eyes grew large as the screen opened with a shot of a cock so big she couldn't even imagine the pleasures it gave her. Her husband had always told her he was large, but the guy on the screen had to beat Robs dick by at least five inches. Amazed she continued to watch as the man slide his hand up and down his thick cock, roughly around 10 inches she would guess... mmmm her pussy ached for that kind of pleasure. She missed being filled by a cock, then again had she really ever been filled? 

Monica laid back on the sofa, next to Karen and watched both Karen and the movie, this movie was one of her favorites, with all the action being centered on three people, wait until Karen got a load of what the guy was watching... 

The room filled with sounds of women breathing heavy as the picture focused on a woman's head buried between to silky smooth pale white thighs, a face soaked in pussy juice looked up to the man watching and slid her tongue out over her wet lips, beneath her head was a shaved, wet pussy that was swollen from the attention she had obviously given it. The woman in the picture had long blonde hair flowing down her back, beautiful hazel eyes that looked so innocent, as she moved her mouth back over the pussy she was enjoying. The camera panned out to show those silky thighs wrap tightly around the blonde head and slowly you saw the heaving chest of the woman, her screams of orgasm filling the air. Her face came into view, another beautiful blonde with her face strained as she came all over her friends face. 

Karen let out a soft moan as her legs fell open on the sofa, her body tingled all over, she was soaking wet and the movie had only been going for a few minutes. All she could picture was a woman's mouth on her pussy, she looked over at Monica who was watching her with a knowing grin. "Oh my, I think I'm going to cum... " 

"Why don't you lean back and let me help you?" Monica crawled over to Karen and slowly pressed her body up against Karen's, she pushed Karen back against the cushions as she ran her tongue over Karen's dry lips. Her body moving slowly on top of Karen as she pulled Karen's lower lip into her mouth, suckling on it as she wiggled her body between her thighs. 

Karen could not believe what she was feeling, Monica's soft curves pressing into her body has her on fire, she wanted to touch her all over, and yet she could not move a muscle, she watched as Monica moved down her body, she helped Monica tug her shirt off before she laid back to continue watching. "Ohhhhh... suck on them... please... mmmm I love that." Karen continued to moan low in her throat as Monica sucked and laved at her hard nipples. 

It was like dessert, that is all Monica kept thinking, two beautiful pink nipples just waiting for her attention. She sucked one between her wet lips... nipping at it before laving it with her tongue... she switched to the other nipple. Running her tongue just under the nipple itself, she watched in amazement as Karen's nipple hardened without any stimulation at all. Quickly she sucked the nipple into her mouth. Her hand snaked down, underneath the barrier of cotton, brushing her fingertips along Karen's panties. They already felt damp and hot; Monica slid her fingers up and down the wet cleft, pushing the fabric between Karen's moist folds. 

Moaning hard Karen through back her head at the first brush against her clit, "Oh god, I feel like such a slut, I want you to finger me... mmm fuck its been so long... please Monica... finger me" 

Smiling softly Monica felt bad for her friend, the woman had obviously not had relief in a long time, leaning down Monica kissed her softly on the lips as she used her free hand to tug Karen's pants off. 

Sliding her body against Karen's, Monica slowly slid to the plush carpet in front of the sofa. She shoved the pants under the sofa as she kneeled between her friend's legs. She could smell the heavy aroma of Karen's cunt. She looked down at her friend, her body flush with the pleasure she was feeling, her cheeks pink, nipples puckered, and her panties soaking wet between her folds, even her thigh seamed to glisten. Monica heard the heavy grunts of the guy on the television, glanced back to watch as he picked up the second blonde by her ankles and pulled her onto her cock. Karen moaned hard as her eyes closed. She obviously was imagining everything she saw. 

Karen shook as she came, she had never been this needy. She grabbed for Monica, and wound her fingers through her beautiful soft hair. Pulling Monica forward she raised her hips and ground her friends face into her pussy. 

Monica used her hand to pull aside Karen's panties as she let her tongue curl into her friends wet pussy, she knew release would come swiftly. Her friend was already trembling with need as she worked her tongue up and down her slit. She flicked her tongue along her clit, then ran it around in circles, brushing the sensitive hood over and over. She could feel Karen's thighs gripping her face, her hands pushing her deeper into this wonderful pussy. She slid two fingers to the wet cunt in front of her and started to finger fuck her friend. "MMm your pussy is so wet, so fucking wet, I want you to cum on my fingers sweetie, cum all over my face, show me what you need." 

"FUCKKKKKKK MEEEEEEEEEEE," Karen screamed as her body arched off the sofa into the air. Her pussy quivered hard as she felt her pussy leak juices all over Monica's face, her nose, her lips and especially that wonderful tongue that was still rubbing her clit. 

"Grab your nipples, tug on them," Monica instructed as she grabbed the brand-new dildo from the coffee table. Monica leaned back over her friends pussy as she slid the dildo up and down the wet slit, she knew her friends clit could take no more stimulation, but she intended to make her cum again. 

Karen looked down at Monica through heavy lidded eyes, she watched as Monica lifted her legs over her shoulders and settled closer. Reaching down with her fingers she gently plucked at her nipples, slowly pinching them as she watched Monica. 

Monica moved the dildo up and down Karen's slit, pushing just slightly between her lips, and then retreating. She knew the dildo would slide in easily in one hard thrust, but she wanted Karen to enjoy this toy, and the orgasm it would bring her. Rubbing the wetness of her cunt around and around, using the dildo to paint her pussy and thighs with wetness. 

Karen squeezed her breasts in her hands, holding them up in offering as she fondled herself. "Slide it in, I want to feel how full that thing will make me" 

Monica grinned as she continued to tease her friends cunt lips, "Your not ready for it yet" Monica sat the dildo down and moved away from her friend, "Turn over onto your tummy, I think you might like this even better" 

Karen groaned at the loss of the toy but did as she was told, she couldn't believe her friend was willing to fuck her with a toy, but she was so excited and happy she would do anything Monica asked of her. 

Monica stripped her own body and walked over to Karen, who was now on the couch in a position that would be great for doggy style sex. She couldn't wait to do that with Jerry. She wondered briefly if Jerry would like Karen. Dismissing the thought she rubbed her breasts, then leaned over Karen. 

The sensations of having another woman's naked body pressed up against her back was unbelievable. Karen cried out as she felt Monica's hard nipples brush up and down her back. Her pussy was gaping open and needing to be fucked, she begged her friend to fuck her. "Pleassssssssssssse... NOW" 

Monica reached for the dildo and ran it along her friends spine, then she turned her friends face to look at her and gave her a long deep kiss. Pressing the fake cock to her friends lips after the kiss, she waited for Karen to suck the cock. 

Karen slid the dildo into her mouth, running her tongue up and down the sides, making sure to get it nice and wet, she watched her naked girlfriend the whole time and could hear the moans of all three of the porn-stars on the television. She herself moaned around the thick dildo as she felt her body rock back against Monica's.

Monica slid the cock from her friends mouth and found her wet hole easily, she used her fingers to hold the swollen lips aside, moving the dildo up to her friends cunt, she pushed it in her friend with one hard thrust, filling her cunt completely. 

"MMmmmm Yesssssssssssssssss Fuck fill me with it... god yessssssssssss," Karen screamed as Monica thrust the cock in and out of her pussy. 

Monica could not believe the amount of pussy juice sliding down her friends thighs, she was fucking the dildo in and out of her friend as hard as she could, her wrist hurt from the amount of pressure she was using. 

Karen screamed harshly as she felt her orgasm approaching, god it couldn't be coming so quick, but she knew it was. Her hips and ass thrust back harder and harder against Monica's movements. Her nipples brushed the back of the couch and she rubbed them harder into the soft leather. Her hands gripped the back of the couch as she arched her back preparing to cum hard, "FUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS MORE... YESSSSSSSSSSS GIVE IT TO ME... HARDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR... MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" 

Monica leaned her body over her friends and held her as her body shook, the dildo trapped inside her pussy, which had clenched down on it so tightly that Monica couldn't even move it. She wrapped her arms around her friend and fondled her swaying breasts. The trembles slowly eased as her friends breathing slowed down. With a sudden "Plop" the dildo slid out of Karen and onto the floor. Karen herself collapsed against the sofa, totally spent. 

Monica picked up the dildo and licked her friends sweet cum off, as she finished sucking the toy off she looked at the couch. Her friend had fallen fast asleep. Sitting the dildo on the coffee table she grabbed a throw off the back of the sofa. She tucked the throw around her friends naked body and picked up all the clothing they had discarded. Walking to the laundry room she smiled, she couldn't believe her luck lately, all her fantasies were coming true... what could be next she thought... humming as she dumped the laundry into the washer. Her pussy was wet, but she could wait...