 Late one winter afternoon five months after we were married and had moved into our studio apartment in San Diego I came home to find Jean crying hysterically and very upset. Her mom had called to announce that they were coming for a visit. This out of control raging outburst was the first hint that Jean was troubled or unstable. The tantrum went on for three or four hours! 

While I was comforting and holding her I finally got her into the shower as was our usual drill. We 'cooled off.' She calmed down and told me that she was glad to be away from her mom always talking down about her and negatively to her. Her spineless father would not stand up to her mom about anything. She begged me to call and tell them that we were not available. 

I called her mom and was abruptly informed that they were going to come down anyway as they wanted to see San Diego.

They arrived.

From the Navy Special Services, we had checked out a double bed. I had set it up behind a portable screen that we had also checked out. We had to check out silverware, linen, and in general get hotel stuff for her parents. The two of them slept fine the first two nights. Jean and I were miserable both nights. 

However, over the five months, we were married their little girl had developed a case of sexual itch that we usually scratched four times a day. That third night she just had to scratch. She waited until her mom and dad were snoring. She then sucked me off and swallowed my quick load of come. She got on top as I had stayed hard enough for her to sit on me. She slow fucked me until I was iron-bar hard. When Jean was really going after it her mom pushed the screen aside, sat up and blatantly started watching us. 

My wife's climax exploded immediately when she saw that her mom was boldly watching (about 25-30 minutes quicker than usual). She collapsed on my chest and fell asleep immediately.

Her mom said quietly and simply, "I would have enjoyed that 30 years ago," as she rolled over and mumbled loudly about how, "I won't be able to sleep now, with your image in my mind, son-in-law." 

The next afternoon, our landlady offered to let them sleep in a spare room upstairs that she usually rented by the day or week. That saved Jean's mom's life. It also caused me to realize that the landlady was minding our business and probably had been since we first had moved-in, which meant that Merry and Jean were talking.

The dislike between Jean and her mom was escalating to a dangerous level when her sister rescued us by asking her parents to stay with her in Long Beach, California for the parents last three days in Southern California. The sister lived in Long Beach, which was far enough away that we were not going to be dropped in upon after they left. 

As soon as her folks were gone, about 10 am, we sat down at the table and talked about everything that had happened while her mom was there. 

What Jean and I figured out was that she was an exhibitionist, a nymphomaniac and bi-sexual. She wanted an open marriage now.

We figured out that I didn't feel jealousy. I was an exhibitionist, a voyeur and bi-sexual. I wanted an open marriage now.

We discussed getting divorced, separating for four months, or counseling. We decided to wait four months more to see if we could decide which choice we would choose by then.

The first thing that happened was her hot girlfriend Sandy had a fight with her stud boyfriend the next night around 10:30 when I had duty on the base. Jean told her to come over and spend the night at our house because I had to stand the watch and would not be home until the morning. Sandy accepted Jean's offer so Jean jumped in the shower.

I was in charge of the watch as the senior petty officer that night, so I expected to be home around 8:30 am in the morning. As happens in the Navy there was a SNAFU in which the WO in charge of the watch schedule had duplicated the petty officer of the watch, and since I was senior, I took the privilege and was in my car on my way home about the same time the ladies had decided to go to bed. I had last talked to Jean around 10 pm so didn't know that Sandy was spending the night.

It was about 1am when I quietly let myself in the back door. I had come home early a few times before and I always seemed to arrive while my wife was assaulting herself with a toy or her fingers. I expected to turn the corner and find her masturbating in the darkened house. I stripped my clothes off in the entry. I crept around the corner into the living-bedroom and saw this sun yellow hair bobbing up and down in what appeared to be my wife's spread wide open crotch area. 

At first, I was confused, and then I was erect because I recognized the hottest woman I had ever met. Sandy was face down in Jean's crotch with Jean's long legs pushed back over Jean's head with Jean's pussy filled with this gorgeous face that I had dreams about.

I wasn't going to just watch. I placed my face on Sandy's upraised ass and licked her starting above her asshole and stopped back on her asshole after tonguing her clit. She pushed back against my face and moaned into Jean's pussy. 

What happened then is yet another thing for me to explain about my wife.