 My dear reader, if soft, sweet erotica is what you seek, there are plenty of fine authors on this great site who'll give that to you.

I will not. I write porn. If you want two always-overheated women fucking like animals while the neighbors pound on the walls, (if we had neighbors) then, you have the right author.

- Please note: This is not fiction. As an incurable nympho slut with a woman hot enough to handle me, I don't have to make anything up.

Should you decide to continue reading, thank-you for that.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While Blue slept, I caressed her lower back and down to her ass. I was so fucking hot for her.

I placed my mouth on her neck, right under her ear, my breath hot on her skin. I slid my lips and tongue to her ear and took her earlobe with my lips...I let it slide around in my warm, wet mouth. 

Still asleep, her breathing quickened and I could feel her heart beat faster. I let her earlobe slide out of my mouth, gently pulling on it. I slid my lips down to her neck, opened my mouth, then closed my wet lips, sucking her skin...

While she slept, I slid my inner thigh higher on her body. My hot pussy was so sloppy-drippy, I could feel my juices pouring from me. With my lips very lightly touching her ear, I spoke softly, knowing she'd hear me in her sleep...

"This morning, I shall have you for breakfast, my sweet baby...but, I want you awake. I want you to completely enjoy my mouth fucking you, taking you, sucking you...my tongue hotly sliding in and out of you. I will not let go of you until I've had my fill of you."

In her sleep, she softly gasped, then whimpered for me...

I tried to fall back to sleep, but my pussy throbbed relentlessly, begging to be fucked. My whole body could feel it, and I wouldn't rest until I gave my pussy what it needed so desperately...I buried two fingers deep inside my wild pussy and fucked...fucked...fucked...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Closer to sunrise, I awoke with my thigh between my baby's legs...firmly against her soaking wet pussy. Baby was wriggling her hips, partly to rub her pussy on my strong thigh...and partly to wake me. That's fine! It makes me horny as fuck for her to wake me when she wants me! She spoke urgently against my neck...

"Sunny...I'm so fucking hot for you...make me cum, baby...real good."

I grabbed her hips and she squealed with delight...I shoved my thigh against her swollen pussy and she fucked hard, riding my thigh and screaming while her body rocked hard with a fantastic orgasm!

She relaxed against me, catching her breath, her hands holding my ass. I smothered her lips with kisses which she breathlessly returned, then I got up on my knees and roughly turned her on to her back and BURIED my face between her wet thighs, ravaging her sweet, hot pussy and eating her like I couldn't get enough!

Blue screamed non-stop, cumming and cumming for me, begging me to suck her harder and pulling my hair with each burning orgasm I gave her!

She finally sat up and scooched away from my mouth, then fell on her back...we were both breathing heavily. I crawled up and laid my head on her tummy...she wove her fingers through my hair and caressed my cheeks...

"Ooooohhhh...oh fuck..."

"Oh fuck, yes...thank-you for breakfast, my hot Blue!"

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh..."

We fell back to sleep just like that, both of us knowing we were not done with each other for the day.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We awoke later with our legs entwined...I slid my thigh against Blue's smooth pussy and caressed her ass, my face in her neck, my mouth close to her ear...

"Sunny wants Blue's pussy."

"Maybe Sunny needs her ass mercilessly FUCKED!"

"Yes yes yes! Real hard!"

Blue slid her hand down and played with my already-swollen butterfly pussy lips, looking in my eyes...

"Later, I will fuck your ass so deep, you'll feel it in your throat, Sunnybaby."

I was breathless...

"My ass belongs to you...you own all of me. Now, fucking take me."

Blue smiled at me and slid down between my legs, still looking in my eyes...I spread my legs wider for her and she sucked my large outer lips into her warm, wet mouth, making sweet, sexy noises while sucking on my pussy...

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhh...yeah baby..."

Blue purred for me and tongue-flicked my clit while sucking...hard shocks flew through my body...i jumped hard, but she held onto me...I screamed while she sucked my pussy, eager to have my cum flowing to her mouth...

"Fuck Blue! Make me cum for you!"

Baby held onto my ass and sucked my hot pussy relentlessly, my outer lips filling her mouth...she took control of my body and gave me a HUGE orgasm with her mouth, making my body rock uncontrollably! I could feel her swallow my cum, then suck me for more...I screamed nonstop with total pleasure while she fucking devoured me!

When my body finally gave out, I rolled onto my tummy, pulling her over on top of me...I spread my arms and legs and raised my ass in the air...she sat up with her pussy resting on one of my firm ass cheeks...

"Cum on your hot slut, baby...cum right between my ass cheeks..."

Baby grabbed my hair and fucked herself to DEATH on my ass...cumming immediately while she fucked REAL hard, her body bouncing on my ass cheek with her hard orgasm. Her cum felt so GOOD when it flowed between my cheeks and hit my opening!

Blue slid down between my legs and kissed my ass, rubbing her cum all over it...

I wanted more of her...and I would make her want more of me...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Later, around noon, the sky was a gorgeous blue without a single cloud...brilliant sunshine. 

It's also 20 fucking fahrenheit degrees outside.

No problem. Under the UV-transparent dome over the pool and surrounding deck, it's 90 degrees. The dome allows tanning rays to shine through, of course.

I'm lying on my tummy, typing on my computer. My legs are spread...the sun feels so hot on my ass and I'm covered in sweat. My smooth pussy throbs for attention when sweat runs down between my ass cheeks, hitting my opening.

I can't ignore that and I slide my computer aside. Raising my hips, my forehead resting on the towel, I reach under me and give my swollen butterfly the attention it soooooooooo badly needs...

Sweat and Sunnyjuices are pouring onto my hand...my hips are working my fingers, buried inside me.

Lips, now, on the back of my neck...hot breath...a lovely body draped over me with a silky-smooth thigh sliding over my ass. It's my forever love, Blue, and she speaks softly in my ear...

"Don't stop, my hot, sweet slut. Keep fucking that pretty pussy of yours."

"Baby...baby...oh fuck...take my ass."

Baby slid her hand along my body to my sweat-soaked ass, squeezed it hard, then rubbed it all over...

"Who does this ass belong to, my love?"

Belonging to Blue makes me breathless...I now used one finger and swirled it around the walls of my pussy...my body was trembling...

"You you you! Sunny's ass belongs to Blue!"

"Damn right, it does. Now, please spread your legs more and keep fucking your pussy."

I eagerly spread my legs wider and raised my ass to give it to my hot lover...she slid down over my ass and settled between my legs...holding my hand, she shoved my finger deeper inside me...I screamed, added a second finger and fucked myself harder while baby kissed and licked my ass, sucking my sweat from my skin...

"Oh fuck yes...own my ass, baby...it's all yours..."

She sucked my skin right between my ass cheeks...I screamed some more and she sucked real, real hard, driving me crazy!

I shoved my ass at her face, my fingers wiggling in my pussy...fuck...I was sooooooo close to cumming!

Baby licked and sucked my sweat off my ass, then...oh fuck...she slid her tongue down between my ass cheeks and licked my opening...shocks of hot pleasure flew through my body...

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh! Fuck my ass! Make me cum!"

Baby placed her tongue on my opening and purred for me...I fucked my ass at her, wanting her to ass-fuck me so damn bad!

"Mmmmmmmm...would Sunnybaby like her ass fucked real good?"

"FUCK YES! NOW!"

Baby lubed her finger with suntan oil and slid her finger waaaaaaaaaaaay inside me...

"BLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUE! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!"

I came SO...FUCKING...HARD!

Blue kept sliding her finger in and out of my ass...I screamed non-stop and fucked at her with my fingers riding my pussy...my body spasmed over and over and my cum filled my hand!

After...FOREVER...my body collapsed onto the towel. I just laid there on my tummy, catching my breath...Blue smothered my ass in more kisses, then poured suntan oil all over me...she slid onto my back and ass and used her body to rub the oil all over, then covered my legs and feet. 

She squirted the hot oil between my asscheeks, right AT my opening. I squealed and she slid her hand down between my cheeks, all over my pussy and back up again.

My body was all ready to do it again. She makes me want to be such a sweet whore for her! She leaned down to my ear and spoke softly...

"You owe me, hotstuff. I want my pussy sucked...I want my pussy licked...I want to be held down and strapon fucked out of my mind. After you take a nap out here and sun your buns, will you be up to that?"

Exhausted as I was, I smiled. She knew that meant "yes."

"Thought so! My pussy and I will be looking forward to it!"

"I love you so MUCH, my precious Blue!"

"I love YOU so much, my Sunnybuns!"

The End

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny