 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

I recall that for about 3-1/2 weeks each month I was the husband of a seemingly happy wife who was, in fact, eager to give me a blow job in the morning, then again in the afternoon as soon as I got home from the base before I changed my clothes. (She liked the 13 button front panel of the melton bell bottom winter uniform.) Most evenings she would walk naked into the area where I was studying straddle my lap then seduce me again. She would want to have sex at least once again as we went to bed. The rest of the month, she wanted to give me oral sex two or three times every night instead of me eating and sucking her pussy first. 

That meant that I was erect at least a minimum of four times a day to just keep up with Jean's sexual needs. She loved me to massage her after her shower, and apply skin softeners all over her skin. Frequently when she just wanted to come I would use a finger vibrator until she would pull that finger off of her clit. We often awoke in the middle of the night, and I would finger her with one finger without even touching her anywhere else. She liked that because she could imagine she was dreaming. 

Life was great. I was in my early twenties and in great, trim shape. I was afraid of nothing and quite capable as I had started PT training with the Navy's Seal Teams about a year earlier. I was attached to an ELINT support unit for Seal Teams and the Swift riverboat units. I was married to a sexual throbbing participating woman who had learned that she could enjoy sex all of the time.

Jean used to give me our daily welcome home from work blow job on our bed. She would kneel beside or hang her head over the edge of the bed while laying on her back. For a while, she would aim my cock across the room when I came. She measured how far it squirted for a few weeks. She made up a chart and had a graph also. 

Then, not now, I once squirted over six feet, while my average was about fifty-one inches. Jean also liked to have me come on her face. She even tried swimmers goggles for a while but didn't like me laughing and coming. She was fascinated with seeing the come as it squirted from my cock. The goggles that she had hoped would help, didn't. She said that come on her face was the most erotic of all sex. (Yes, she said even with the goggles.)

She used to get me to lay flat on the bed. She would tie my arms and legs to the bedposts then tease my cock in ways I can't tell you about because she preferred me to be blindfolded.

She would use me, abuse me, and one time she shared me with the college girl next door. She would go away for an hour or so, and then while gone have a neighbor woman or one of many other people come to make sure she hadn't left the window open, or the stove on or something else as lame. 

The neighbor lady didn't tell me she was there. She was quiet and slipped in and out of the apartment without a word. I spoke to a silent response. I could hear a rustling sound the whole time she was there. 

That night my wife told me that the neighbor didn't mention seeing me, only that the window was open, and that she had just closed it and left. She didn't say anything about seeing me on the bed. She didn't tell Jean about being in the room and standing around the bed for a few minutes. Jean was not told about her watching my erection seep pre-come as it flagged around signaling my heart beat. I could hear her breathing as she silently moved around the room near me. 

My wife got some secret or at least an intense thrill out of leaving me exposed and having someone see me. She particularly liked it when a few friends of ours heard about it. They were exhibitionists and wanted to see this example. They did come by, but I didn't know it was them.

About the third or fourth time when I told her what the neighbor woman hadn't told her, she decided that she wanted to see it. She called the neighbor from our house and asked her to check as soon as she could, as she was afraid she hadn't turned off the stove top burner. She then moved a chair into and hid in the closet by the bed and sat and watched what happened when the neighbor came to turn off the burner. 

The neighbor was there in two or three minutes. She first turned off the burner, then closed the bedroom window, and pulled the drapes. She removed just her panties, and without any caution for being noisy straddled my straight hard cock. At first, she just sat on it with it fully in her vagina. She then fucked herself riding hard and steady. She stopped just as she sounded like she was about to come. 

She then turned around, and placed her ass over my cock and slowly slid my cock into her ass until I was in all the way to my balls. She moaned and slid her ass up and down for 5 or 10 minutes, as I was restraining myself from coming. She seemed more than pleased and exploded in an orgasm which lasted for a couple of minutes. As soon as she recovered she wiped my cock with her panties, and remounted me with her vagina, then rode it hard and fast for only a couple of minutes until she just said, "OHH! OHH! Yum!" She then got off, licked me clean and dry and left the apartment. She was not there 25 minutes. As soon as she'd left, Jean came out of the closet.

Jean first asked me if I knew which neighbor that was. I, of course, did not know. She then opened the window and left again.

She called the young college student two houses away. He came over, closed the window and immediately mounted me and I fucked him for a long time it seemed. When I came, he quickly got off and sucked the rest of my come with his mouth. Then he just kept going until I was hard again and he stroked me by hand. It didn't take very long and he again swallowed my load. That was the fourth time in three or four hours.

When she got home, I told her all about it. She asked me if I knew who that was, and I said no because I had a shred of a doubt. She asked me who I would like to have suck me off and that she wanted to do it with someone. I mentioned her hottest friend, Sandy. She laughed and said that there was no chance that she would be invited. I gave her the name of one of the gals she worked with that we both knew. I asked that she not tell me if she arranged it until after it had happened. 

I had gotten to where I knew that the sex of a partner just absolutely didn't matter when it ended in an orgasm, because the orgasm was mental when blindfolded, not as much physical. I also learned that there were people who could fuck and people who didn't have a clue. My wife continued to watch from the closet. 

That evening, she called the neighbor to see what she found when she checked the burner. She told my wife that she had looked, and not touched. She added that she thought my penis was really beautiful. 

"It seemed to wave at me," she said, "as it throbbed to the beat of his heart and breathing." She told my wife, "I would be happy to come over and watch you getting him ready to leave like that." She continued, "I had been imagining how you (Jean) could talk him into such submission and what fun it would be to tie him, blindfold him and have my way with his cock."

After my wife asked her about it Jean told her that she was happy that the neighbor wanted to see me laying there helpless and exposed. From then on she was always eager to check the house for my wife at any time.

My wife called her again a day later. The woman came over and slipped her mouth over my cock and then jacked my cock until I came. She just kept right on jacking and I was ready in just a few minutes. She did it again until I came again. She never said a word or made a sound The silent swish of clothing was really loud to my ears. I have presumed it was the neighbor since my wife told me it was. It may not always have been the neighbor, however, as many times it felt different when someone gave me a blow job. 

My wife would talk to the neighbor afterward, and not once did my wife ever relate that she knew I was getting extra blow jobs and sex from the neighbor.

One time my wife was hidden in the closet while a mystery woman was there. I didn't know Jean hadn't left. The sex we had later that night was long and competitive. That was when I figured out that she may approve of more people in our sex lives. 

All of this time my wife was wanting to have a baby. She would cry once a month when she wasn't pregnant. We discussed children every month. We would get to the crying point in the discussion and then stop talking. When we went to bed, we would both pout for a few minutes and then hug and have heart-stopping, loving sex. 

She was particularly orally skilled. She was capable of holding both my testicles in her mouth at once and she was able to keep me from pulling free. She loved that she could do that. A best friend told her that her husbands balls were too small and just would collapse and pull right out. (I wonder about the subjects of conversations among young wives the first time they live with a man away from mom and dad.) 

Jean was capable of deep anal sex and liked to use a dildo in her butt and me in her pussy. I recall she had very intense orgasms that way. 

When I was reassigned to a Secret ELINT Group in the Navy, I told Jean that I was concerned about my security clearance so the extra sex while blindfolded needed to stop. She devised a way to put a mask over my eyes similar to swim goggles, and then I could see through a gauzy fuzzy screen. It wasn't obvious that I could now see my sex partners, but it wasn't a secret.

She had a variety of people who then participated. My biggest surprise was a woman who my wife worked for at the telephone company. She was black, stacked, slim and had the softest pillow-like lips that when she had blown me the first time I had come almost before she had started. She was the only one I could definitely identify. I also discovered that my wife had often participated in these sexcapades while I thought it was always one of her invited participants.

The one that was a shocker to me was her sister and her brother-in-law. He sucked me off, while she kissed me and then she and he kissed my cock and balls together until I was hard, and then she had me mount her doggie while he sucked my ass and balls. 

Now that I could see who was among the cocksuckers, I began to enjoy sex more physically. 'Pillow lips' was the only one who figured out I could see her, and she told my wife on break one time that she liked knowing that she was being watched. She was the best ass kisser for sure.

When I was able to talk with my wife after I could see. She began to realize I was having some great sex without her. Jean realized that rumors started at her job, she stopped calling work people. 

For about two weeks of using the new blindfold, the neighbor hinted to me what she had done before playing with me.

Eventually, she told me she had been the sex-partner-crew-member on a millionaire's yacht for three separate one-year-long cross-Pacific transits. She had enjoyed the variety of cocks and cunts she had eaten and fucked through the three cruises. The pay was outrageous, and the travel and experience in the world taught her to enjoy sex however it offered itself to her.

Each time we would see each other, she would hug me and rub her tits all over my arms, implying that, 'she had not been seeing enough of me lately' or, 'I(She) would like to be seeing more of you than I am.' One time, my wife said to the neighbor. "Wasn't his cock just like I said? Long, hard and fun?" 

The neighbor came over one night as the wife was getting out of the shower. It turned out that she and the wife were both the surest version of a nymphomaniac in my life. She realized the wife was in the bathroom. She went directly in and started to dry my wife with her towel.

I realized what was about to happen so I turned the bed down, set the lights down to soft and shadowy, turned the classic radio station on low in the bedroom, and placed a cushion on a stiff back chair beside the bed. I stripped, found the lube in the nightstand and perched myself on that chair.

I was sitting down when they came out of the bathroom, each with a pussy in one hand and a breast in the other, their faces were twisting, rubbing and licking seriously at each other's face. The neighbor dropped to her knees in front of me and kissed my erection as she pulled my wife down onto the bed where the neighbor moved on top. She had my wife moaning in five-seconds and then screaming in orgasmic delight. When my wife started screaming I was looking at the ass of the neighbor and could feel how wet her labia were against my nose and face as she leaned her crotch backward into my face as I leaned over her.

That night I was treated to one of them fucking me with a strap-on cock while the other sat on my face with the strap-on dildo for me to suck until they traded places. I was fucked, fucked-up, fucked-over, fucked-out and fucking fucked. I didn't have to say, "I submit," but only because they both fell asleep watching me eat their pussies while they were laying side-by-side with their strap-on dildos pointing at the ceiling above my face. 

I much preferred to not wear the blindfold.