 I awoke in complete and utter darkness, a strange tickling between my legs. As I ascended to the surface of consciousness from the depths of my deep sleep, I realized that someone - Virginia - was lying between my legs, her mouth on my pussy. Apparently she'd started without me, as my pussy was dripping wet, my clit was buzzing, and my entire vulva felt ready to explode with excitement.

"Unnh, uhh, Virginia, that feels so good....god, honey, you woke me with your licking....ohhhh," I muttered, groaning with unexpected pleasure, as my sweet, but apparently very horny, girlfriend continued eating me out. I had been dreaming that I was giving birth, while some man clanked a tin cup on jail bars outside my bedroom. I laughed to myself - my dream self had wondered why a baby coming out of my vagina had felt so good - now I knew!

"Good morning, baby," Virginia cooed, throwing the sheet off from over us, then returned to licking my swollen pussy lips, and lapping at my wet slit, and occasionally lightly kissing my clit. I lifted my hips up, stretching with pleasure, and loving the feel of her warm lips on me. My hands clenched the mattress on either side, twisting the sheet fiercely, as ecstasy coursed through me, spasms of pleasure wracking my body.

"Oh god, Virginia!" I yelped. "My clit's on fire, your wonderful tongue is driving me crazy!"

Virginia giggled, and reached up, over my stomach, to hold my breasts in her warm hands, caressing, massaging, squeezing my small breasts, flicking her thumbs over my nipples sharply, making me jerk as bullets of pain/pleasure tore through me, straight to my cunt. "Unnh!" I grunted, cumming over and over, my ass thrashing on the mattress. "Fuck me....fuck me," I moaned, as she fucked deep into my hot slit with her sweet tongue.

I felt overwhelming waves of love radiate through me, desire, lust and love for the sweet girl who was getting busy between my thighs. I wanted to reciprocate all the pleasure she was giving me. But she mock-slapped my hands when I tried to pull her up over me.

"No, no, no," she lectured me. "Mommy's gonna make you cum again....her own way." I moaned in frustration, but I was rewarded when Virginia finally moved up and lay on top of me, our breasts and stiff nipples pressing together, and then again when Virginia kissed me, her face and cheeks creamy with my cum, redolent with my own feminine smell....and taste.

I licked her, when she wasn't hotly kissing me, loving the feminine smells on her, from both of our hot bodies. I so wanted to lick every part of her sweet body, but it was clear that she wanted to fuck me, and wouldn't tolerate any nonsense. It was a pleasure to be dominated by her. 

"Now, baby, you're going to get a nice, hot and slow fuck from your lover girl," she whispered in my ear. Then she sat up, her warm, full breasts resplendent on her chest, and I ached not to be able to just kiss those cute hemispheres. She arranged herself so that our legs were scissored together.

She rested with her ass on my left leg, her left leg under my right leg, and her right leg along my side, then slid herself slowly into me, the heat and moisture of her pussy radiating over my thigh, then onto my own cunt - I imagine she felt the same. Soon our labia were nuzzling each other, then kissing wetly and hotly, our pussies sharing our heat and moisture, our clits trying to kiss too. I think we both knew that our clits rubbing together would make us explode unbelievably.

It's not as easy as you might think, both of us breathing heavily with excitement, and women aren't exactly built to match up pussy to pussy without doing a little bit of docking together. But when Virginia lay herself along my right leg, and began kissing my foot, and I did the same with her, then we started to sync, our pussies really coming together, and things got REALLY hot. I have NO idea where Virginia figured out the whole thing, it's not as though she were some super lez.

"Mmmm, this is different, baby," Virginia laughed, as she kissed the top of my foot, and humped her pussy slowly and softly into mine. Then I felt her lips close around my big toe - my baby girl was sucking on my toe, while she fucked her cunt into me.

"Ohh, nice," I moaned, then sucked her big toe into my mouth. It was weird, I'd never done anything quite like that. It tasted nice, after all, it was Virginia's - anything of hers would taste good to me, lol. Then I went from toe to toe on that foot, sucking each of them like little dicks, or more like big clits - a far nicer image for me!

We got into a rocking motion, sliding our wet pussies against each other's hole, enjoying the heat and wetness and excitement that we were feeling for each other, as we sucked on each other's toes, sweet little female toes sliding in and out of our mouths. The pleasure was building inside each of us, and anticipation of the ecstasy the other would feel was in turn making both of us hotter, and more sensitive to the stimulation at our pussies, and at our feet and mouths.

Eventually, both of our mons were smeared with a mixture of our clear female lubricants, slick fluid dripping all over our mounds, lips, clits and slits. The wetness was enabling our labia to mash more closely together, and soon our clits were brushing, then touching, then kissing together, erect, sensitive clit kissing erect, sensitive clit, thousands of nerve endings in each tiny, pink pearl massively stimulated with every movement of our bodies together.

"Unnh, unnh," Virginia moaned. "Oh, Linda, I'm cumming, I'm cumming.....I can't hold it off, ohhhh!!" Her body jerked and slammed into mine, figurative sparks flying from my clit as she crashed her crotch into mine, and we tried to join our pussies as one.

"Oh, yesss, I'm cumming toooo!" I moaned, as I experienced my second orgasm of the morning. "Oh, god, yesss baby," I sighed, as my body spasmed with pleasure, then collapsed, resting my head on her ankle. 'Great way to start the day,' I thought to myself, 'completely worn out from fucking my wife' (as I was now thinking of Virginia).

I crawled around to Virginia's recumbent form, and to my surprise, she was asleep! I looked at the clock on the night stand - we had another hour of sleep coming to us, thank goodness.

I lay with Virginia, fast asleep, pulled the sheet over us both, and suckled on one of her sweet breasts, softly tonguing and sucking her nipple, which became hard quickly in my mouth. It felt so comforting, I felt so loving and so loved, and quickly joined Virginia in sleep.

When I awoke to the sound of the clock-radio, I had Virginia in my arms and we were spooning, our usual sleep position. Her body was warm in my arms, her hair smelled of cum and shampoo, and I nuzzled her ear softly. "Time to get up, sweetie....again," I whispered.

"Mmmm, good morning....or night. Darn, it's still dark - do you ALWAYS have to wake up when it's dark? I can't even see you, baby," she complained. I heard her fumbling around, then the light snapped on as she found the lamp switch.

"Mmm, that's better," Virginia said, giving me a sleepy smile and kissing me, then snuggling her body into mine. "I feel so rested," she said.

"That's a bit of a surprise....you were a lovely little tiger," I said into her hair.

"Hmm....what do you mean?" she asked.

"You know....before," I said. Virginia lifted her head.

"Before?" She had a puzzled expression.

"Well, yeah," I said. "Umm, about an hour ago. You were all over me - it was wonderful. And then you tribbed me, both of us actually, til we came."

"'Tribbed?'" What's that?" she said, still puzzled.

"Like this," I showed her, putting the first two fingers of both hands in a 'V', and putting them together. "I didn't even know you knew about that."

"I didn't," she said. "Or at least, I've never done it, but I did read about it when I was on the Internet the other day - I wanted to be good for you." I laughed.

"Well, asleep or awake, you're the best lover I've ever had," I said. "Will you marry me?"

She smiled. "Of course, when we can some day, I'd love to marry you."

"No, I mean now. Or at least in the next month. We'll find some place where we CAN marry, so we have a legal certificate," I said. "Wedding dress, everything - at least, what we can afford."

She had a stunned look on her face. "You REALLY, REALLY mean it?" she said, her eyes searching mine. I nodded.

"You bet." 

"Oh, yes. Yes, YES, YES, YES!!!" She hugged me so hard I thought she'd crack my ribs. We kissed to seal the deal. 

Then I said, "You'd better shower. You've got my cum all over your face." Virginia looked blank. Then she touched her cheek with her fingertip, and found some.

"Where on earth did THAT come from?" she asked of no one in particular, smelling her finger.

After I turned on the water at the shower, I stepped over to Virginia, kissed her on the tip of her nose, grinned and said, "Clearly, it's a sign from heaven that you were meant to be married to me." I had never felt happier in my entire life. 

We shared the shower, which was becoming a habit - and a nice one, at that. I admired her sleekly wet body, as I soaped her down, cupping her full but firm breasts, her soft ass cheeks, and her beautiful pussy. She returned the favor, getting me clean, and re-stimulated, all over.

We dressed, then headed out on the road. 

 THE END

* * * * 


ONE YEAR LATER THE END

* * * * 