 "Hey, wake up honey, it's time to go," I gently nudged Virginia. As my pregnant, lesbian lover, I naturally wanted her to experience a gentle awakening on her first day as my 'trucker helper'. As you know (if you've read the previous chapters), everything that happened previously on the truck, occurred before we discovered that we were in love with each other.

"Huh," she mumbled. "What?" She stirred in the crumpled bed sheets, her body warm next to mine.

"It's time to hit the road, sweetheart," I said, sitting up in bed next to her delightfully naked body. "You remember, we talked about it." My fingers toyed with her wavy, brown hair.

"But, it's so dark!" she pleaded.

"Well, yeah....it's 2 AM," I said. "We've got a ten hour trip to Atlanta, and I want to miss the morning traffic here in Fort Smith, and the PM traffic in Atlanta." I hesitated. "You could stay here, if you'd like, this house is as much yours as it is mine as far as that goes." I hoped she'd say no. I didn't want to be separated from her, not even for a few minutes.

"No...no, I don't want to be away from you. And, my parents know I'm coming, and I don't want to disappoint them. I'm happy that you decided to rescue me, though, or I'd be forced to stay with them..." Virginia smiled a sleepy smile at me, and I kissed her warm, sweet lips.

"Okay," I said. "That's the choice I hoped you'd make, I don't want to be away from you, either...but it's business time now. So, let's shower." I gently patted her naked bottom as she was rising from the bed, and she wriggled it at me. Oh, how I wanted to pull her back into bed and make love to her, to hold her in my arms and never let her go. But, that don't butter the parsnips, as some writer from my high school English class said in some story.

We both stood in the hot water of the shower for a minute, clearing the cobwebs, then began soaping each other.

"Oooh," Virginia hissed, as she traced the purple bruises on my breast and under my ribs. "Does that hurt?" she said.

"Well, yeah, but probably not as much as your ex's leg, and pretty soon, his ass hole, feel," I said. He'd been shot after trying to get at Virginia to do something violent.

Virginia gave out a short laugh. "I'm sure his ass hole's gonna feel VERY sore over the next 30 years or so in - what did the deputy say?- oh, the Cummins Unit," (that being the Arkansas State Prison where he was likely to spend a deservedly long stretch for a lot of bad things he did, and for one bad thing he didn't actually do, that our sweet, elderly neighbor had framed him over.)

We were both rapidly coming awake, so we finished up our shower. I will admit that we did a little kissing and caressing during the shower, but nothing that would make either one of us cum. I try to be as professional as I can reasonably be, and I had to adhere to my schedule again, to get my load to a bunch of 'Starving Artists Sales' throughout North Carolina. We just didn't have enough time for fucking that morning, but I hoped that we would once we were in Atlanta for our layover.

We had packed our stuff the night before, and returned my two dogs and cat to Miz Smith, our neighbor, for safekeeping, so it was simply a matter of getting dressed and eating breakfast, and hitting the road.

Virginia had turned out to be an excellent cook, and she made a good, hearty trucker's breakfast of ham, eggs, hash browns, and lots and lots of coffee that I scarfed down. She ate too, but not very much.

"Feeling okay, babe?" I asked her, as she pushed a piece of potato around the plate.

"A little queasy," she said, but smiled anyway.

A light bulb went off in my head. "Your pregnancy..." I said.

"Yeah, I think so," she said. 

"I'm sorry....is there anything I can do?" I asked. Just because I'm a woman, doesn't mean I always know what to do about every women's issue. She smiled - how I LOVE her smile!

"Just be sweet to me, okay? And keep a trash can around....oops!" she exclaimed, heading for the downstairs bathroom. I pretended not to hear anything.

When she came out, I said, "If you want to stay home, it's okay, really. And I can stop at your parents' and explain things to them..."

She smiled, her brown eyes warm with love. "That sounds really nice, darling, calling this 'home,' and it really is now, for me, but I want to spend more time with YOU, and get to know you better. Besides, I should be fine in a couple of hours, plus I'm pretty sure I'd better be there to introduce my lesbian girlfriend to my ex-Marine dad."

"Former Marine," I corrected her. "There ARE no 'ex-Marines.'" I grinned at her.

"Then you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about," she said. 

"Okay....hey, I'll get the dishes done while you finish getting ready, okay?" I said. It doesn't do to leave dirty dishes around for a couple of days unless you like having all kinds of bugs around!

We finally got going, right around 2:45, and Virginia actually dozed off in the sleeper after a while, then rejoined me later in the morning, just in time to stop at a Burger King for lunch at a truck stop along Rte 78, west of Birmingham, Alabama.  

"Gosh, I'm famished," she said, a whole lot more awake this time, and with a lovely glow about her. I pulled the truck into a pull through slot.

As I set the brakes, I looked at her and said, "You know something? I think you're starting to get that 'mother-to-be' glow." I grinned at her. She looked like a work of art to me. Once in high school art class, we'd seen a series of paintings about 'Madonna and Child.' Without meaning to sound sacrilegious, Virginia had a lot of that Madonna in her - and I DON'T mean the one who was lucky enough to kiss Britney Spears!

"Do you think so?" she said, beaming. "I kind of feel like, well, like I have a purpose now. Like WE have a purpose. Y'know?"

"Yeah, I think I do," I said. I leaned over and kissed her as she was perched in the passenger's seat. She kissed me back warmly.

"I love you," she said, her brown eyes soft and beautiful, a wisp of her hair partially over her forehead and one eye. I reached over and brushed it from over her eye.

"I love you, too," I said. "And little Virginia...or whatever." She looked confused, then giggled.

"Oh, the baby....at first I thought you were talking about my pussy!" 

"I think only guys name their thing 'Little' whatever," I chuckled. "And don't get me started on thinking about your body until we get to Atlanta. Normally I'd overnight in the sleeper on that part of the trip, but how about we get a motel room - and maybe go out somewhere? It's just for the required layover, and we'll get into Greensboro first thing tomorrow. That way we can have a nice, romantic night on the road."

Virginia nodded, and we got down from the cab and walked to the BK. We both decided to have salads, hers was with the grilled chicken, mine with fried. As we were eating and talking, to my surprise, I saw one of my brother drivers from Arcturus walk in. "Hey, look, it's Sam Watson," I said to Virginia. "I'm gonna call him over."

"Hey, Sam," I said loudly. He looked over to see who was calling his name.

"Linda!" he exclaimed. He came over and eyed Virginia. As I said in the first part of my story, the boys know I'm a lesbian, but they're also smart enough to know that not every woman sitting next to me is automatically gonna be one, too.

"Virginia, this is Sam Watson, another driver at Arcturus," I said. "And Sam, this is Virginia, my girlfriend." His eyes brightened, I think for two reasons. One, he was happy for me, knowing that my love life hadn't exactly been busy over the last couple of years. Second, and more important, guys always seem to like looking at lesbians that are cute. I dunno why, lol.

"Pleased to meetcha," he said, taking her hand. Virginia returned his greeting.

"Hey, get your food and sit with us, okay?" I said. He nodded and went off to order. A few minutes later he came back with a tray holding two double Whoppers, a really large order of fries, a large chocolate milkshake and a small soda. He caught Virginia and I looking at his food.

"What?" he said defensively. We both looked at him, then his awesome pile of food, then back at him.

"Hey, I'm hungry," he said. "Besides, this is a diet Coke," he pointed at the cup. "And it's a small. Don't want to overdo things." Virginia looked at me in disbelief, her eyebrows raised.

"Hey Sam, have you seen the advertisements for that new gizmo that slows your truck down to a stop if you have a massive heart attack while you're driving?" I said with a straight face.

Sam looked at me, unaware. "No, where do you get it? How much does it go for?" he asked, as Virginia began giggling uncontrollably.

"Hey, is she okay?" he asked, looking at Virginia.

"I'm sorry," Virginia coughed out. "Something went down the wrong pipe."

"You be careful, young lady," Sam advised her gravely. "Eating can be very hazardous."

Virginia started laughing again, and covered up, getting up and choking out, 'Scuse me...gotta go to bathroom..." giggling the whole way. Sam, ever polite, halfway got up from his seat.

"I hope she'll be okay," Sam said, sitting back down.

"Yeah, I think she'll be okay," I said. Sam looked at me and then started grinning.

"Your GIRLFRIEND!" he exclaimed. "You did REAL well for yourself, Linda. She's a REAL looker. And she seems like a nice girl."

"Thanks, Sam," I said. "There's a story to go with it, maybe I'll tell you about it sometime." I paused. "You know me, Sam, I haven't exactly been burning up the bed sheets lately..."

"Lately?" he snorted. "Linda, I've known you for eight years, and I can count the number of real girlfriends you've had in that time on my old hunting dog's right front paw...and he ain't got one!" He slapped the table to emphasize his point, and his heap of fries collapsed, probably in fear.

"Well, anyway, what I wanted to say, Sam, is....I think she's the one." He looked confused, then he understood.

"This is your One True Love, Linda? Well, congratulations," he said. "I guess it was never fair that you escaped the torture us married men have to go through," he teased. "No, seriously, that's great news."

"Thanks," I said. "But I've been thinking, in the back of my mind, as soon as I realized Virginia was the woman I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, that being a trucker, at least a long haul trucker, was gonna create some problems. How do you handle it, with a wife and kids?" I asked him.

"Honestly?" he asked. I nodded.

He paused, then shook his head in disgust. "It's hell." 

I had never before seen the expression of sadness that passed over Sam's face. 

"I've been married twenty five years, got three fine kids, and I don't know any of them OR my wife. We tried having her come along with me on these trips, it didn't work, you can't build a life on a truck. And I COULD have cheated on her, you know how it is, but that wouldn't feed my hunger for real companionship. And besides, that's not the kind of person I am, or want to be." He paused again. 

"Truth to tell, Linda, if you want to have a life with this woman, get out of the long haul business, I can't say it any plainer and up front than that."

His words depressed the hell out of me. Long haul trucking was pretty much all I knew. But I DID want a life with Virginia....and little Virginia. And I still don't mean her pussy.

"But hey, I didn't come over here to bring you down, honey," he said. "I came here to EAT." And Sam then tucked into that meal, and I could see it didn't stand a chance against HIM. Just then, Virginia came back from the ladies room.

"Hey hon," I said. "Everything okay?" I was wondering if she'd had another bout of morning sickness. 

"Oh sure," she said. "So, what are you two talking about?" I looked at Sam, but he was busy inhaling half of a Double Whopper.

"Ahh, just the same old road stuff. Nothing important." Virginia snuggled next to me, and we finished our salads. We all finished our meals, and got ready to leave.

As we were walking out, Sam said, "By the way, Linda, Alex Arneson at Betelgeuse Trucking is opening up a division for truck rentals. It's supposed to compete with U-Haul, but for commercial use vehicles, not mom and pop rentals. He needs a general manager, and is looking for someone experienced with commercial trucking. It sounds like it would be perfect for you." He looked me in the eyes - I could see the conflict there. 

"I thought you should know, what with your situation," he finished. Alex Arneson was a long time competitor to Arcturus, based in the South, unlike Arcturus, which was based in Los Angeles. He was always on the lookout to steal people from Arcturus, usually by waving a lot more money at them. I looked at Sam.

"Thanks, Sam," I said, patting his solid shoulder. He smiled, a little sadly I thought, waved and walked away.

"What did he mean by telling you that?" Virginia asked.

"I think he gave me something that was very valuable to him. When he said that job would be perfect for me....that meant it was perfect for him, too. He just...handed it to me." I was troubled by the information Sam had given me. I didn't know what to do.

I explained to Virginia about my prior conversation with Sam, and what the information could mean to one of us. She looked anguished. "Oh, man, Linda, I would want that so much for you, but then that would mean it was for me, too, and against your friend......being grown up is tough."

"Yeah," I said. I sighed. "Why don't we get our asses to Atlanta, and see how things go." 

We walked back to the truck. I refilled our fuel tanks, then we headed up I-20 towards Atlanta. We had about a two and a half hour segment, and I figure we'd get to our motel by three PM, just missing the buildup of commuter traffic. Atlanta's probably the city I hate dealing with most because of its traffic, but that's made up for by its many gay and lesbian clubs. It's one of the most progressive cities I've run across for gay social life, and I did appreciate that.

I thought we'd go to Outwrite Bookstore and Coffee House in midtown Atlanta for dinner, rather than one of the bars or clubs. Virginia couldn't drink anyway, so bars lost a lot of their attraction, and neither of us obviously was looking to meet a hookup, plus we were leaving at two AM that night, to get to my first stop in Greensboro by eight AM. Virginia found us a Comfort Inn on I-20 in East Atlanta. It would cost us a bit to taxi to Outwrite, but that was easier than trying to find a clean motel with truck parking inside the metro Atlanta area. Being on the east side, we could get out of Atlanta without running into an unexpected late night accident causing traffic blockage.

Traffic was unexpectedly light in the Atlanta Metro area. I pulled in to the Comfort Inn's parking lot, found a satisfactory spot, then secured us a room. "Oh, this is nice!" Virginia exclaimed when we put our stuff in the room. "This is like our honeymoon cottage."

I was overcome with emotion on hearing her say that. "Oh, Virginia, I love you SO much," I whispered, as I took her in my arms. "You don't know what you mean to my life," I said, my eyes tearing up.

"I know, baby...I know," she said, patting my back as I engulfed her in my arms. I never wanted to let her go.

But then I did let her go. If this was like a honeymoon cottage, we'd damn well better treat it like one!

I slipped out of her arms, and put my hands on the brown leather belt at her waist.

"Mmmm, what are you doing?" Virginia giggled, though she made no effort to stop me.

"Unbuckling your belt," I murmured. My fingers felt clumsy in my haste.

"Why?" she asked, although I think she knew very well.

"So I can get your jeans off," I muttered as I pulled the belt end out of the buckle.

"Why would you want to get my jeans off?" she asked, teasingly.

"So you don't have anything between me and your pussy," I replied.

"Why would you want that?" she asked, as I unbuttoned her jeans and dropped them to the floor.

"Because I want to lick your sweet little cunny," I said, pulling her white cotton panties off her hips, taking them off each foot, and then throwing them in a corner.

"Why on earth would you want to do that?" Virginia whispered, wriggling her sweet ass and bare hips.

"Because you tell me it feels nice," I said, pushing her back on the bed. I noticed that her slim legs managed to spread a little wider when she got herself settled on the bed.

"Why would I think it feels nice?" she teased, a slightly more anxious edge to her teasing.

"Because you like feeling my rough tongue rub over your wet pussy lips, and fuck into your hot pussy, and scrape over your little pink pearl," I said, then got down to business.

"Why would I - ohhhhhhh," she said, then stopped using real words.

I lay on my stomach, my face at her sweet little hole, tonguing along her swelling, hot labia, sniffing the hot, sweet, musky smell of her slit, which was visibly moistening as her excitement grew. Virginia groaned, her hands in my hair, her hips thrashing as I moved on to slipping my tongue inside her glistening slit, a dark pink vertical opening between her legs.

"Unnngh," she said, as I fucked into her hot hole just a few times, then inched myself forward until my lips were above her light pink clit, erect and exposed. As she continued her running commentary, I fastened my lips around her little knob, squeezed on it, and then rasped my tongue over her clit, and she erupted with an orgasm that was both loud and active.

"Ohh god yeah baby lick my pussy so sweet that's it yeah lick my wet hole ooooh deeper deeper fuck ohhh FUCK inside me now oh deeper please god oh do me harder harder oh oh my clit's so wet and hard and ready put your mouth on her god yeah yeah YEAH ohmigod yes yes YESSS fuck me so goooooood!!!"

You see, Virginia and I had discovered that fucking each other all night long was a good thing, and that we were pretty good at it, but all night long fucking didn't mesh well with getting up early. So, we'd decided to make each other cum quickly, sort of to take the edge off, and take our time making love whenever we got the chance.

So after Virginia came, I let her catch her breath as I snuggled with her, then we kissed. "Mmm, I like your perfume, sweetie," she said, as her lips and tongue strayed from my mouth to my cum-wet cheeks and chin.

"Thanks, it's organic, and locally grown," I mumbled back, anxious to feel her hot lips on mine, and then her mouth on my own hungry pussy. It had been too, too long since we'd been getting busy making love, and while Virginia had at least one cum, I hadn't cum on her in some time. I quickly unbuttoned and pulled off her red check cotton blouse, my mouth watering at her perfectly shaped breasts and her erect nipples.

Then I lay on my back, and quickly unbuckled my own belt and shimmied off my jeans, as Virginia lay on her side grinning at me. "Whatcha lookin' at, Ace?" I growled.

"Oh, I just LOVE a butch dyke," she said in a little girl voice. I pulled down my panties, then sat up, and pulled off my golf shirt, so that I was fully naked too. Virginia jumped on me, and began kissing my breasts, then taking my nipples in her mouth, and softly sucking on them.

"Ahhh," I moaned. "That feels really nice." Virginia used a nice mixture of soft kisses and little nips with her teeth to make my nipples so hard that they nearly hurt. I massaged and caressed her upper back, warm and smooth, as she pleasured my breasts.

Finally, though, I growled, "Now it's MY turn to cum, bitch!" and rolled her onto her back. Sitting up, I straddled her warm, feminine body, my thighs on either side of her breast, and moved myself up so that my pussy was at her face. "Lick it, bitch!" I ordered her.
