 "Hey, maybe we could celebrate something or other on the town tonight? What about that bar you mentioned," Virginia said. I looked at her, thinking about my response.

Virginia and I had arrived at my house in Fort Smith, and had a couple of days free before we had to continue our trip: me to deliver "art" to several cities in North Carolina, and Virginia to return to her parents' home, pregnant and after being dumped by her semi-psychotic druggie boy friend. There had been a lot of sexual innuendo between us during the trip, but because of my fear of rejection, I had been reluctant to make a move on her.

I guess I was hoping that just, somehow, it would happen. Virginia seemed to be warming to me, but the magic moment just hadn't come along yet. There were still a few days before I would leave her with her parents...

"The Ace of Spades?" I said, referring to the girl bar that I visited, on the few occasions that I actually went out for company in Fort Smith.. "Honestly, I think you'd be bored there. I know I usually am. Think of a southern bar full of fat, redneck guys. Now replace them with fat, redneck girls, most of whom act like guys." 

"Uh, that's not the image I think of when I think of girl bars," Virginia said. She thought for a moment. "Can I use your computer?"

"Sure," I said. "It's in the office upstairs." I was a little puzzled. Virginia smiled at me, gave me another peck on the cheek, and rushed up the stairway. Her kiss burned on my cheek.

A few minutes later she came running down again. "There's a club in Fort Smith called Nouvelle Génération," she said excitedly. "It sounds like it's new, and it has a younger crowd, and it's definitely a girl bar. Can we go?" She sounded like an eager little girl.

"Umm, okay," I said. "But if we don't like it..."

"Sure, we can leave, no problem." Her eyes lit up. "But I get to dress you up. You need to get away from that trucker shtick."

"What, you don't like flannel?" I joked. Hey, it makes me feel secure. But it did start me thinking about appearances. Flannel was great for the truck, but maybe I didn't have to wear it at home.

"Huh, you can do better, sweetie," she said. It sounded real nice, coming from her.

"Well, before you dress me up, I need to take a shower. I didn't get a bath last night. Oh, how was yours, I heard the water run..."

"Heavenly!" she said, with a rapturous expression on her face. "I was SO tired, and that just turned my muscles to rubber bands." I smiled, replaying for a few seconds the mental video of her 'bating, that I watched last night.

"That's good," I said. I got up and headed upstairs. I ran the shower, stripped down and stepped in. It's a conventional bathtub-shower combination. I didn't have enough money after everything else I had done in the house, to do anything fancy, like a jacuzzi, unfortunately. The hot water and soap felt really, really nice, and it was nice to use a scented soap instead of the crap at truckstop showers. I was humming to myself, when I thought I heard Virginia calling.

I stuck my head out, around the edge of the shower curtain, to see Virginia standing hesitantly at the doorway. "Hi, sorry to bother you...do you have any throwaway razors? I really need to do my legs," she said. Her eyes seemed to be focused on the edge of the curtain. Could she be scoping me out?

"Uh, sure, you can find a pack of them in that drawer there." I pointed, and in so doing, "accidentally" lost my hold on the curtain, and it swung away, exposing my whole, naked and soap covered body to her. What the hell, I was getting tired of being a chicken with the girl who was so big a part of my current life.

Virginia's eyes widened, but she didn't look away. "Oops," I said. I moved to grab the curtain.

"You're pretty darned hot, Linda," she said, admiringly. Her eyes finally left my tits and the curve of my hips, and met mine. It was nice to be cruised by a beautiful girl for once.

"Not bad for an old lady, huh?" I said, smiling tentatively.

"I'm not taking you with me to the club if you're going to do that 'old lady' thing, Linda," she said, semi-seriously.

"Sorry," I said. "If I hang out with you, I imagine I'll feel a lot younger." Ha! Another double entendre from the hick.

"Yeah, it'd be good for both of us....well, gotta go," she said reluctantly. "Oh, before I forget, can I borrow a pair of panties? I feel so awkward asking that, but I don't have any choice, and I feel yucky wearing yesterday's."

"Yeah, I'll get you a pair after I dry off, okay?" She nodded, and left. I closed the curtain, then finished up my shower. I thought about those panties....so close to her skin....absorbing her smell and the cream from her many cums last night...I began to think it might be nice if I got my hands on them. I couldn't resist letting my hand drift down between my thighs, find my soapy slit.... of course I'd have to scrub myself there, a girl must have a clean pussy....especially when going on a date.

A date! Was that what it was? Why not, even if she didn't know it. Could I touch her hand while we walked, perhaps my hand on her shoulder as I pointed at a particularly attractive antique armoire...my face next to hers as we watched passersby at lunch. An appreciative kiss on her soft cheek, thanking her for her company, so pleasant and companionable. The smell of her, her warmth lingering on my lips...

My fingers worked to clean my cunt, two fingers on labia, one finger, the longest, penetrating me deep, deeper, thumb on my swollen clit, mustn't forget to clean that, and oh, it was too much, the gush of pleasure as I imagined taking Virginia in my arms, right there on Garrison Street, kissing her as she was born to be kissed. Her returning my kiss, hotly, gasping into my mouth, "Yes, Linda, yes, please, let's go, now, I can't stand not being naked in your arms!"

I shuddered there in the shower, hot water cascading down my body, sheets of soapy water turning to droplets of clear water beading on my skin, as intense tremors of pleasure coursed through me. Oh, Virginia, would it ever be? I felt a trepidation following my ecstasy.

Could I change my life, here with this beautiful girl, end my loneliness, give her my life in return? Would I dare to roll the dice? Would I dare NOT roll the dice? It seemed if I didn't, that I had no more excuses left...left only to join Katia on that dark highway.

ENOUGH! I shouted in my head. No more dark thoughts, 'do your best, God will take care of the rest,' Miz Smith often said. Time to take my girl to town.

I dried off, and got dressed in my femmiest clothes, a belted suede skirt that ended just above my knees, and a cream long-sleeve jersey top with button top, and Clarks Weave Strap sandals. I even dabbed on a touch of 'Insurrection,' somebody gave me once. I strolled down the hall to Virginia's room, holding a clean pair of panties.

"Hey, you decent? I'm coming in even if you're not..." I pushed open the door after a few seconds. Virginia was sitting on her bed, wrapped in a towel.. She gaped when she saw me.

"Holy shit, Linda. Umm, you ARE Linda, aren't you?"

"Don't be catty," I giggled.

"Well, you sure clean up good," she said, admiringly.

"Thank you, miss," I said. "How about you get these on and look through my closet to see if you can find anything to wear?" I held out the panties. She reached for them, but I pulled them back a little.

"Give me your others, I'll do a wash later," I said.

"Oh, okay, thanks," Virginia said. She gathered up her dirty stuff, all of it, not just the panties. As she was bending over, the bath towel came loose. "Whoops!" she said, grabbing for it.

It fell to the floor, and I frankly admired her shape.

"Don't look!" she said, scrambling to get it wrapped around her again.

"Why not, you're a beautiful girl....and I am the sort of girl who looks at other girls, you know."

"I know, but I want to be made up....besides, I'm getting fat."

"Fat? You're kidding, right?"

"Hold on," she said, slipping on the plain white panties, then dropping the towel. Her breasts were amazing, teardrop shaped, she could have modeled for any artist and driven him to tears over his inability to properly pay tribute. "See?" she said, her fingers gesturing to her slightly plump belly, like Vanna White pointing out the letters T, N, and S on a game show board.

"Um, you're pregnant, Virginia. That's not fat, that's a little person. Well, a little person and your body making a home for her...um, or him."

"You don't think I'm fat?" she asked. Typical woman.

"No, you're just beautiful, honey," I said, happy to slip the endearment into the conversation. "So, c'mon pick out something."

She looked through my stuff. I could tell she wasn't overly thrilled with the selection. I've certainly never been a clothes horse, and let's face it, I tend more to jeans and flannel, where Virginia is about the most feminine girl I've ever met. She cobbled together a jeans and tan blouse outfit, and made it look nice and girly, which pleased me no end. She wore her sneakers she'd worn the whole trip, as my feet are two sizes larger than hers.

The way she tsk'ed about the whole thing, though, I had a feeling we'd be buying her some clothes in Downtown, so I made sure I had enough cash, and a credit card, just in case.

We drove down to Downtown Fort Smith, and I pointed out places from my past, some of them, anyway. Virginia seemed really interested, and pretty soon I guess I let down my hair and talked more about my fears and my hopes. It felt good to confide in somebody. About the only people I could talk to, besides Miz Smith, were the boys at Arcturus. You can imagine what that's like, even though they're all really the salt of the earth.

We walked around the district for hours, pausing for lunch at Creative Kitchen, one of the small food places there.

"Linda!" Jami, one of the owners yelled when we got in the door. "Honey, what happened to you? You look like Glenda the Good Witch finally took pity on you! And who is this beautiful young lady you're squiring around? Would there be anything you want to tell your friends? Jennifer, come out of the kitchen, see who's here!" Jennifer was the other owner. Neither lady was a lesbian, as far as I knew, but they were two of the sweetest people I knew.

Both of them fussed over the two of us. When Virginia and I both assured them we were just friends, the two of them exchanged one of those looks. They obviously didn't believe our protestations. Ordinarily, Creative Kitchen doesn't serve meals, but the two ladies are always happy to make their specialty catering sandwiches for friends, served with the tap water of the South, sweet tea. We enjoyed their pleasant company and food, I caught up on the doings of a lot of people I don't know, and we generally had a good time. After a bit, we bid them farewell and continued shopping.

While we did look at a lot of antiques and crafts, honestly Virginia and I had no need for any of that, so we concentrated on clothes shopping for her, and a little for me. We ended up buying her a couple of tops and skirts, a pair of jeans, and a pair of sandals. I got two blouses and skirts.

"If you don't mind, could we stop at Walmart and I could pick up some panties and a bra, maybe some socks, and some personal hygiene stuff?" Virginia pleaded.

"You sure you wouldn't like some place nicer?" I asked.

"You mean, like 'Tarjhay'?" Virginia joked. "Sweetie, I'm just a down home girl, Walmart'll do me fine." I liked how she kept trying on different endearments. We made a quick stop at the Super Center on Rogers Avenue, and Virginia picked out what she needed. It felt so comfortable to do such humble things with her, and I could see that being something I'd want to do a lot more of.

Then we headed back to my house, and spent an hour playing with the two dogs in the yard. Bruiser and Polly were very definite about their liking for Virginia, and she seemed to feel the same about them. Sneezer alternated between the two of us, nestling in the lap of whoever sat down first.

"Honey, you play with these critters, I'm going to do a load of wash," I said.

"Can I help?" Virginia offered.

"No, you tire these three out...please. Otherwise they'll keep us up all night between them." I headed inside. The laundry area is on the other side of the kitchen from the staircase, so I went upstairs and bombed Virginia's dirty things and mine over the railing. It's a lot easier than carrying a laundry basket down a spiral staircase, but more than once I've heard an indignant 'YOWWLL!' when a pair of jeans landed on top of Sneezer getting snoopy. She's since learned to duck when she sees the panties flying.

I picked up Virginia's panties from last night, and I found the temptation to be too strong. I sat on her bed, and brought the crumpled panties to my nose. I inhaled deeply, and felt a rush of intense emotion and excitement, as her deepest, most intimate fragrances coursed through my olfactory system, setting marks in my memory that would never, ever erode. I would always know her smell - the richest, most wonderful feminine scent I have ever smelled.

I know it's bad, but I took that pair of panties and hid them in my dresser, then tossed the rest of our clothes downstairs. I started the wash, then went outside to rejoin Virginia and the animals. "Linda, do you hear that?" she asked me quietly. I listened.

"I don't hear anything?" I said.

"That's it, the sound of silence," she said, a content look on her face. "It's been a long time since I heard that," she said, a smile on her face.

"I never thought about that," I said. "I'm on the road so much, with the whine of the highway in my ears, I never thought about what it is that makes this place so welcoming to me. It's the...the 'nothing', the quiet, no horns, or neighbors, other than Miz Smith, and she keeps to herself. Did I tell you, the neighborhood rumor is she used to be a spy, kind of?" Virginia looked intrigued.

"No, do tell," she said. 

"I will, sometime. Right now, I guess we'd better get dressed, huh? Dinner, dancing, drinks?"

"Sounds like a date," Virginia teased. I felt my face color.

"Well, um," was about all I could manage. I tried to change the subject.

"You ever been to a girl bar?" I asked, curious.

"No," she said. "One time in high school, a bunch of us tried to get into one in Portsmouth, Virginia, we were just curious. Course, they threw us out before we got more than two feet inside the door. Honestly, some of those chicks were 'some tough lookin' hombres, pilgrim.'" The last she did in a horrible John Wayne voice.

I put on a serious expression. "You were lucky they didn't shoot you, though," I said. "Some dykes take the whole thing very seriously. They don't like to be made fun of."

"Seriously?" Virginia said, her eyes widening. "Shoot teenagers?"

"Oh, yes," I said. "Many lesbians have been threatened in general and learn to pack heat. Why, I know of many who sport ankle holsters as well as a gat in their purse. .357 Magnum Colt Pythons with six inch barrels are the weapon of choice among lezzies. You never know when you'll set an angry dyke off. If you do, it's best just to hit the floor and count the shots. Since they're revolvers they hold six shots. So, when you count six, you'll want to get up and bolt."

I sat back and looked blankly at Virginia. She just sat there, mouth open for a moment.

"You're....you're kidding, right?" she said. I grinned.

"Oh, you!" she squealed. 

"Careful, don't throw that cat," I warned her. "Sneezer's considered a dangerous weapon in Arkansas. You could be up for a long jail rap."

Virginia got up, walked over to my chair (without Sneezer) and leaned in and kissed me, hard on the lips. Well, I didn't have any answer for that, other than to kiss her back. I guess that's when the dams broke, and everything changed forever for the two of us.

I leaned forward, and put my arms around her. She casually brought her arms around my neck, neither of us breaking the kiss, or wanting to, and I sorta pulled her into my lap. She cooed as we embraced, our bodies warm against each other, our heart beats could be felt by the other, as our breasts mashed together.

Finally, I DID break the kiss.

The late afternoon sun broke from behind a cloud, rays of brilliant dying yellow behind her head making Virginia look like a silhouette, like you could buy at a state fair of your kids, her features indistinct, but the outline of her unmistakable.

I eased her forward off my lap, and she gave a little mew of disappointment. I smiled at her, and without a word, took her hand in mine, then led her into the house, through the back hallway to the great room, up the staircase, and into my room. There I embraced her, and we kissed again, lovingly and gently, our bodies in as close a contact as we could manage.

"You don't know how long I've been wanting this," I gasped into her hair, as I began unbuttoning her blouse, her sweet breasts spilling out against me, nipples already fiercely hard and erect.

"Oh yes I do," she muttered, her own fingers busy with the belt at my skirt. For a long while there were no words.

I felt my skirt slipping down when Virginia had undone the belt, and pulled the side zipper halfway down. I shimmied my hips a little to help it. It took a couple of shakes, and I thought my hips might be getting bigger. My own hands were cupping Virginia's boobs. Maybe it was my imagination, hell, I'm sure it was just my imagination, but they seemed bigger, Perfect handsful, impertinent nipples poking into my palms as I squeezed andheld her soft warmth.

Virginia moaned as I pressed her nipples. Her face lifted up a little, her lips brushed sideways over mine, her eyes closed. Her head dropped back, exposing her throat to me, a sign of submission or passion, I don't know. I kissed her there, I could feel her breathing, I could feel her pulse, hot and strong. I could hear the small murmurs in her throat, her nearly silent approval. I kissed her throat harder, and all over, on both sides. Her arms went around my neck.

Her hips pushed into mine, the rough denim of her jeans against my panties. I looked down, her butch crotch against my feminine mons. That was a real turnabout, I thought. I closed my eyes, I kissed her throat again. Her scent filled my nostrils pleasantly. She had tried on a perfume in one of the stores, 'Flora' I think it was called. She joked at the time that it was an 'asshole repellent.' It fit her perfectly, blending with her woman sweat, excited musk smell. I felt myself becoming very wet.

My hands went to her hips. She was wearing one of my belts. It felt strange to be unbuckling a familiar belt from the other side. She waited patiently while I fumbled, then murmured, "aahh" softly when she felt it loosen. I felt her face in my hair as she sought out my ear. I felt for the brass rivet, as she nosed closer, I thought she'd whisper something. But she knew we didn't need words just then.

I felt a warm, wet touch on the outside of my ear, and I giggled. Her tongue, curious to taste me there. I loosened the top button of the jeans, then the button below, and below that, and that was enough. She took her arms off my neck, all this time holding me close, and pushed the jeans off her hips, down to mid thigh. My hand went into the tangle of denim just below her panty-clad pussy, and cupped her vee, hot and moist. Her hips were rocking slightly from side to side, her hips moving up and down just a little.

Her teeth nipped at my ear as I pressed harder, feeling her heat and damp there, the slight bump of her swelling mons. She purred in my ear, approval. Her hands back on my neck. I felt as though we were dancing, but we weren't moving at all, and the only music was between us. 
