 There was a long silence in the cab when I finished my story about Katia and me, I guess my story brought us both down a little, I didn't mean it to, but there it was. Soon enough, though, Virginia and I began chatting again, about a ton of different things. I found myself liking the brown-haired, brown-eyed young girl. I had been put off by her earlier comment about trading sex for her room back in Bullhead City, but when I asked her about that, it seemed that it was more of a boyfriend/girlfriend thing, not the outright sex for money thing I'd first thought.

I know a girl with her looks would have to have a fair amount of experience with sex, at least in my experience. Her eyes were deep and dark, the kind of eyes that people get lost in. Her complexion was tan, and under the quick fix up of the bruise her boyfriend had laid on her, and her smeared tears, she had fine features. Her voice was melodic and pleasing, and she seemed very bright, and sharp, asking a lot of questions.

She was shorter than me, about 5' 3" and around 130 pounds, and shapely, with full breasts and a generous ass. Out of my league, that was for sure, but a girl can look, and dream, right?

"I thought I loved him," Virginia said, talking about her boyfriend, AKA 'Mike the Ass Hole.'

"At first he was sweet to me...the sex, well, I didn't really care about that so much." She hesitated. "Then he got into that whole crystal meth thing. I could see things going downhill rapidly. And now, now I've got to be more responsible. There's more than just me to think about." She was referring to her pregnancy, which had apparently brought about the abrupt breakup with 'Mike.'

As we pulled into a truck stop just on the far side of Albuquerque, I told Virginia that I had to take a ten hour break so that I didn't go over my hours of service "I'm not about to lie on my log book," I told her. "Trucking's my life, I don't want to lose my CDL.'

"Well, thanks for the lift all this way - I don't know what I would have done without you," she said. Her smile looked kind of too bright to me, y'know? Kind of a 'stiff upper lip' look?

"Umm, you still don't really have any prospects, do you?" I asked her. She looked apologetic.

"No, but I've imposed way too much," she said.

"Look, I don't want you to think I'm coming on to you, though you ARE really cute, but how about we finish this trip together? I can drop you off at your parents, I've got a pretty big cushion of time going this way, and I'd welcome the company..."

"Seriously?" she asked, her brown eyes on mine. "You REALLY wouldn't mind? Oh, but I'm costing you money..."

"Well, you can pay me back when you get to your parents. It's only meals and stuff anyway," I said. "You can sleep here in the back tonight, it's a little cozy for two, but I promise, I'll behave." I smiled, and she smiled back.

"I'd like that," she said.

"Oh, and my house is in Fort Smith - you know, in Arkansas - so we can overnight there tomorrow, okay?" 

"Sure," she said.

"Okay, since that's settled, let's go get sump'n to eat, and then a shower, okay?"

"Wow, a shower would be GREAT!" Virginia said. "I feel as grubby as hell."

We hoofed it over to the restaurant, which was fortunately set up as a diner rather than the usual brand name fast food place. It would be nice to have something closer to real food for a change. We both showered first, and when Virginia came out of her shower cubicle, I whistled.

"You sure clean up good," I said.

Virginia blushed. "Hey, speaking of looks, you said something earlier today.....is it okay if I mention it?"

"Umm, sure," I said, not knowing what she was talking about.

"Umm, you said that you had a face like shoe leather. You're a good looking woman, Linda, you shouldn't put yourself down like that. I'll admit you've got a pretty good tan, though..." she looked apologetic.

I remembered the brief frown that had passed over her face when I said that, in telling Katia's story.

"Well, I appreciate it, but this mug has been through a lot. It's okay that I'm a little weathered, I don't mind." I did mind, though, everyone wants to look good, and accepting age is kind of tough, at least for me. I'd gone through my life, and what did I have to show for it? 38 years old can be ancient, depending on where you've spent those years.

Virginia looked dubious. "If you don't mind, I could show you a few things you can do, I had a job at a spa for a year. How about when we get to your house, okay?" I shrugged. I'd never really gotten into lotions and such since entering the military. Travel light, or don't travel at all.

We finished up in the female trucker's locker room - and thank god for those, I remember the old days - and I put my arm around Virginia's back, she put her arm around my back and we stood looking at the mirror. "Looks like we BOTH clean up pretty good, huh?" She squeezed my hand.

"We sure do," she said. We headed down to the restaurant. It was a pleasure to tuck into their meatloaf. Virginia had the pan-fried chicken. We each had two beers, well, I had two Buds and she had two O'Doul's. As I said before, I don't drink much, and never before driving, but I had a mandated 10 hour break, so I didn't see much problem with it this time.

"Oh, this is GOOD!" she said, wolfing the meal down.

"Don't eat the bones, now," I kidded her. She pretended to throw the naked leg bone at me. It was nice to have somebody to kid with on the road.. I rarely ever have passengers. We finished up with 'pie alamo'.

"'Alamo?'" she asked.

"Just something from when I was a kid," I said. "I used to call pie with ice cream, 'pie alamo,' cuz I didn't know any better, and my parents thought it was cute."

"Tell me about your family," Virginia asked.

"Not much to tell, really," I said. "I grew up in Arkansas, my parents' house is about ten miles from mine."

"So, you see them all the time?" she asked.

"Well....no," I said. I felt a little pang at the memory of the last time I'd seen them.

"Why not?" she asked.

"Well, when my parents found out I liked girls, my father threw me out....I guess it was time I was goin' anyway, so I joined the Air Force."

"Why would your father throw you out?" she asked.

"It might have been the shock of it, more than anything else. Plus, he was a fundamentalist Baptist minister."

"Ouch," Virginia said. "So, how did it happen?"

So, I began my story.

"I was on the girls' track team, Northside Senior High in Fort Smith, the Lady Grizzlies - y' see, the Grizzly Bear's our mascot. Anyway, I ran the 400 meters and the 4x400, you know, the relay with the baton and all?" Virginia nodded.

"Well, unbeknownst to me, Celia Watkins, one of the cheerleaders had taken a shine to me. She was an 11th grader, and I was a senior, and I really hadn't noticed her, other than her humongous tits. She'd been held back at least once, I think she was older than me, and I was eighteen. Now, I was scared shitless that people would find out I even liked girls, much less that I LIKED GIRLS, y'know? So, it wasn't like every girl who had an urge that way knew they could look me up for some good times." I chuckled.

"She started coming up to me around the start of track season, spring of my senior year, and asking about stuff, totally random, and we'd have conversations, nothing special. I didn't think anything of it, other than that she was cute. She was a Catholic, anyway, so we didn't exactly run in the same social circles. I didn't really think anything of it, because to be honest, I was mooning over my English teacher, Miss Smith, who was about the prettiest woman I had EVER seen up until I left Arkansas.

"So, one day in April, we'd just half finished a joint boy-girl track meet at Southside - we won, by the way - and I was sitting in the girls' locker room. I'd pulled up after completing my part of the 4 x 400, with a cramp in my calf, so I left the meet early to get dressed. I was alone, not really thinking about anything, when Celia strolls in, dressed in her cheerleader outfit. The cheerleading squad would come to the close by events, mainly to cheer for the boys.

"Sounds like the beginning of a porno movie," Virginia said, grinning.

"Yeah, but I don't know about 'happy endings, exactly,'" I said, ruefully. "Anyway, what happened was a complete surprise to ME."

"Hey," said Celia, "that must have hurt." She was a cheerleader-cute blonde, short, maybe 5', kind of plump, and as I said, with big tits. I nodded. "Yeah, kinda."

"Can I rub your calf for you?" she asked. "I've had training in that kind of thing. Johnny (her brother, a shot putter) showed me how to do it."

"Okay," I said. She sat down on the floor in front of me, her knees bent, her feet pointing in the same direction under her ass. She put her hands around my leg, and started gently massaging my calf. I've gotta say, that girl DID know what she was doing, in several ways. I've never felt hurt go away so fast, nor pleasure come in to take its place. Not like that.

I couldn't help but notice that her skirt was pulling up towards her hips every time she changed position, and also that she was looking at the crotch and leg holes on my track shorts as often as she was looking at my face. God help me, once it began, I did NOT want it to stop!

I caught myself moaning once or twice, and she had this secret little grin that excited me more than it warned me what was up. Pretty soon, I could see the panties of her outfit - now, you know, those are the panties that all the guys, and more than a few gals, are lookin' at when the cheerleaders do flips and such. You don't see nothin', but it's surely pleasant to look at, and think about. And I WAS thinkin' about it.

I guess we woulda' both enjoyed a chaste little show, except that Celia's fingers began to move up my leg, massaging their way up to heaven, heh. I could feel myself getting wet, and when I found myself moving forward on the locker room bench to let her GET to heaven, well, we BOTH knew what was up then.

Celia leaned forward and kissed my knee, looking up at me, taking her cue from my reactions. Then she began kissing the inside of my thigh. I closed my eyes, figuring if I closed my eyes, whatever happened wouldn't be my fault. Then Celia brought her hands, and especially her fingers, onto my thighs on the inside of my legs, tracing her fingertips lightly on the sensitive skin there. I gasped, the pleasure was so intense, and let her go on. There was no doubt in my mind what she was doing, and surely no doubt in HER mind what I was going to let her do.

Then I felt her fingers go to the waistband of my white track shorts, and begin tugging them off my hips. I lifted up my ass, and the slick, satiny white material slipped right down my thighs to the floor. That left my thick white athletic panties, and to my shock and horror, and exquisite happiness, she pulled them off, too. My little pussy was exposed to her, and she smiled like it was Christmas morning, then leaned in and kissed me right on my clit. What a shock ran through me!

I knew what a clit was for, god knows I'd touched it and played it like a banjo enough times, but I'd figured I'd never actually have another girl touching it, much less kissing it. I came just like that, she'd done such a good job of building my anticipation, without me even realizing it. I suppose my moans further encouraged her.

Celia's mouth lingered over my cunt, and after a minute, she started lapping at my hole. Running her rough tongue up and down my swollen pussy lips, then thrusting it inside my hot, wet hole, she brought me to another peak quicker than anyone ever since. I was lying back on the bench, my legs spread wide, while her face got all wet and creamy with my cum juices. I had my arm over my face, like I could pretend it wasn't me enjoying another girl's mouth on my spasming hole, in case God was looking or something, lol. God, my hips were raising up and down like the elevator in a two story fat women's dress shop on sale day.

I guess I came a half dozen times, then begged her to stop. I raised myself weakly up on my elbow, to see that she'd pulled down those virginal cheerleader panties, AND the much cuter bikini panties underneath, and was finger fucking herself while she ate me out.

"Give me some of that!" I gasped, scrambling off the bench. Celia stood up and shimmied off her red skirt (Our school colors were red and white, y'see), both sets of panties already laying on the floor at her feet. After months of imagining my OWN face between Miss Smith's legs, here was the real thing just offering itself to me, and I wasn't gonna miss out!

Celia lay back where I'd been on the bench, and pulled her legs up towards her breasts, her sweet little pussy, all pink and wet and hot, and dripping her excitement, looked like a little orchid. Her ass hole below it, was all puckered, a nearly round little tan opening, but squeezed tight shut, then kind of winking. I hadn't thought about another girl's ass hole in my fantasizing before, but hers was awfully cute.

I brought my face close to her hole, as she urged me on. "Go ahead, Linda, lick my hole! I've been dreaming about us licking each other's cunts, and you sucking on my nipples, they're all fat and plump for you to suck on!" I did what she'd done, but I started with her hot little lips, first, the cream was just everywhere, and getting all over my face. God, it tasted so GOOD! Musky, creamy, hot, her little pussy was like manna from heaven. I could feel her hands on the back of my head, urging me deeper between her thighs.

It was kinda hard to breathe, but I wasn't complaining. I lapped at her pretty, pink slit for the longest time, then wrapped my lips over her swollen clit, which was exposed and reddish and gleaming wetly, showing her excitement. Celia moaned as she came, her hips bucking around and up and down, moaning, "Fuck me, Linda, make me cum!" over and over, until finally she slumped down, her sweet, plump ass flattening on the hard wood of the bench. I was just putting my finger on her tan, puckered ass hole, wanting to feel her heat and tightness inside there, when the locker room door slammed open!

It turned out, we were in the wrong locker room - we were in the home boys locker room, and those sweaty males came pouring in, stopping and gaping at us when they spotted us, Celia with her pussy wide open, and me with my face covered with her sex cream, my finger poised to slip inside her ass. Now, boys in Arkansas don't get exposed to a lot of the things that happen in the big city, but they're smart enough, and horny enough, to figure out two girls carpet munching when they see it.

In some ways, if we had to get caught, it was good and it was bad. If it had been our own locker room, either the boys OR the girls, everyone would have known exactly who it was, and what we were doing. Maybe they woulda kept it to themselves, maybe not. But since it was a bunch of Southside boys who didn't know us, and whose brains went into vapor lock when they got a good look at not just one, but TWO very wet pussies, we were able to escape in the confusion.

Sadly, while the details were a little fuzzy in the story that followed, Northside was able to figure out with near certainty who it was. So there wasn't enough 'evidence' to 'convict' us, but the rumors dogged the two of us until the end of that term. We were too embarrassed to ever get back together, sadly, and my dad was so disappointed in me that it just became easier for me to cut ties and join the military. 

I haven't talked to my dad since, and just cards to, and from my mom at Christmas and birthdays."

"You haven't seen them since?" Virginia asked.

"Nope," I said.

"Well, I'm sorry for that....but that's a helluva hot story."

I smiled. "Yeah, I really wish I coulda got together with Celia one more time, she was a pistol."

"Do you at least hear from HER?" Virginia asked.

"Yeah, she's a fat mom of seven, and has two grandkids." I laughed. "I wonder if she'd ever do THAT again?"

"Well, maybe not, with seven kids hangin' around," Virginia said.

"You'd be surprised," I said. "Lotsa women seem to figure out things a lot later in life."

"I suppose," she said. "Hey, I'm done," she said, looking at her plate, and thus reminding me that we had to figure out accommodations for the night. As we got up from the booth, the young mother in the next booth looked up at me curiously. I guess I'd been overheard - I probably was a little louder than I should have been. She smiled nervously, and I nodded at her. I suppose I'd given her something to think about. I paid our check at the cashier, putting the tip on the ticket. Virginia wrote the total down.

"I AM going to pay you back," she said. I nodded, and we walked out across the lot to the tractor trailer way in the back, behind a couple dozen others parked for the night. We saw a slim shape step down from one cab and walk over to the one next to it.

"Is that, um, a hooker?" Virginia asked.

"You mean a lot lizard? Yeah," I responded.

"Lot lizard? That's what hookers are called?" Virginia asked.

"At truck stops, yeah," I said. "It's pretty rough - for them."

"Have you ever..."

"God, no!" I said. "I'd sooner go through life alone than touch one o' them. Those poor skanks, nobody benefits from what they do except some truck driver's dick."

Virginia slipped stepping up on the climb to the passenger side. I caught her as she nearly fell, her body warm in my hands. She giggled.

"Oops, my bad," she said.

"Huh, no more beer for YOU," I said, mock sternly.

"Well, I'll sleep well," she said. I followed her in.

"Okay, through there," I said, pointing to the sleeper. Virginia crawled in, and I couldn't help but admire her ass. I followed.

"Now, this is a pretty small bed, it's a little smaller than a double, so it's sort of cozy for two - I hope you don't kick in your sleep." 

"No, I don't think so, leastwise I've never gotten any complaints. If you don't mind, I'm sleeping in my panties, okay?" She looked at me. 

"Works for me, that's how I sleep too, most times. Though in the winter, I'll wear a flannel nightgown." Virginia grinned at me.

"An old granny nightgown? You must look cute."

"Well, you're not gonna see it tonight, honey. It's too damned warm for that."

I had made a mental vow not to put Virginia in an awkward position. I am a lesbian, of that there can be no doubt, but I wasn't going to put the moves on a woman who was in my care. At least, not unless she asked for it first. Of necessity, we ended up with us spooning. Her body was warm and supple next to me, her back to me. I thanked god that I wasn't a guy, I'd hate to have a boner pushing into her butt. 

I pondered her situation, and something we hadn't talked about. She was pregnant, and I wondered how she was going to deal with it. I heard her snoring softly, then the next thing I knew, I was waking up, but it was still dark outside. I wasn't sure what had wakened me, until I felt it, a slight, rhythmic jiggling of our bodies. Virginia was in my arms, our bodies close together, my face in the warm hair at the back of her neck.

"What the fuck?" I wondered to myself, then I realized that Virginia had her fingers between her thighs, stroking herself lightly, so's I wouldn't notice. Once I realized what was happening, I smiled. Virginia was playin' with herself while I held her - man, that was somethin' I'd never experienced before.

I could feel myself wetting at the thought of a half-naked, beautiful woman masturbating while I hugged her - don't that beat all? But I was too scared to see what she'd do if my fingers joined hers at her hot little cavern. As close as we were, if she'd wanted me to join her, I figured she'd let me know. Eventually, I dozed back to sleep. I guess I dreamed her moans when she came, I don't know.
