 She sat there watching the clock.

Tic tic tic

Waiting for it to hit home time after another day behind the desk. Same routine everyday. Clock in, start to get ahead then the boss dumps another stack of work on her.

Tic tic tic

At least today was fairly uneventful. Nearly an empty office, all the guys were out seeing clients.

Being the only female in the office wasn't as good as it sounded at times. She loved men, but these guys were more like teenage boys then men most of the time.

She was looking forward to the afternoon, she'd won a free massage at the new spa place

She didn't even remember entering a competition but with the internet these days who knows what she clicked on. 'Enjoy a glass or two of champagne as our experience masseuses work away the stress and tension that has built up through your body' read the email. 'Sure sure', she thought, she'd heard such claims before.

Tic tic tic

Finally, time to go

She headed out to car, got and drove away from work. 'What a miserable night' as the first spots of rain hit the windscreen. A cold spell had come through, bringing winter with it

Pulling into the spa she was thankful they had undercover parking

She went inside, filled out the paperwork enjoying the warmth coming from the fireplace

'Go into room 3 and strip down to just your undies. Lay on the table and pull the towel over you. Your masseuse will be in shortly.'

'Oh no' she thought. 'Why did I wear a gstring today' she was body conscious at the best of times, let alone having to be in just a gstring in front of a complete stranger.

She entered the room, it was just as warm with a small fire in the corner. Incense was burning somewhere, filling the room a subtle aroma and gentle music played in the background.

She saw the chapgne and poured a glass, taking a long sip before taking her clothes off.

She finished the glass before laying on the leather table, thankful it was almost as warm as the room. She pulled the towel over her back and ass.

She heard soft footsteps enter the room. She hoped it was a female, she was body conscious at the best of times, and only her boyfriend had ever seen her naked.

'Hows the day been?' a soft female voiced asked, as she felt the towel coming off her shoulders and down her back.

'Long' she replied as she felt warm soft fingers run down her neck, over her shoulders and down her back, making her shudder a little, still nervous at being exposed.

Warm scented oil was drizzled over and worked into her back, neck and shoulders, gentle at first, with the fingers knowing exactly where her most tense spots were and expertly but almost lovingly working them into a relaxed state. She could feel the stress of the world melting away every second.

The towel was applied back and lifted off her ass and legs. She didn't care anymore that the only clothing she was wearing was a thin red lace around her hips and disappearing between her ass cheeks. The oil and fingers went to work down her legs, working away all the tension she didn't even know she had.

'Can you spread your legs a little please' she was asked, realising she had them pressed together. Without a word she moved them apart, feeling the warm oil run down her inner thighs, followed by the fingers of the masseuse.

The fingers seemed to move higher every time, and she thought she felt fingers brush her pussy. It sent a tingle up her body, but though it must have been an accident.

Then, she felt it again. Wondering just what sort of spa massage this really was she went to lift herself up as she felt fingers on her neck, stopping her from moving.

'Not yet' the masseuse told her, as she felt her kissing the back of her neck, pausing each time the lips touched her skin. 'You don't know how long I've been waiting for this moment' the masseuse said lovingly, continuing to kiss down her neck and back. She laid there enjoying the moment yet part of her mind was in shock. 'Waiting for what?' she thought to herself, not knowing what to do, then she felt something she hadn't felt in years. The masseuse had kissed her in a place only one person had ever before, suddenly she realised who was the person who had been lovingly massaging her.

She rolled over and saw the face she was expecting, albeit a few years older than last she saw her.

He once best friend from school and university. 'What? How?' was all she could blurt out, memories flooding back.'There's so much I want to say' the masseuse started, 'but all I can say for now is sorry, I'm so sorry.' Referring the night she had dropped out of uni and ran away.

'I wanted for so long to contact you, I just didn't know how.'

She listened as the masseuse explained to her why she dropped out of her life and off the radar. They had never been a couple in the true meaning, but had always been close and shared a few nights of 'experimenting', but whilst she enjoyed the attention of another female, her heart was always drawn to males, but it had still broken her heart when she left.

Not sure if it was the champagne or the situation as a whole, but she was not really paying complete attention to her words, instead she leaned forward and kissed her, not just a kiss, but held her close and with passion. 'I don't care right now' she stated, before kissing her again. 'just stop talking' as she returned the kisses down the masseuses neck. 

'No' the masseuse said 'you're the client here' pushing her down on the table. She laid back as the masseuse kissed down her neck, she could feel the tongue tickling her skin every kiss. 

She felt the kisses going down her body, her nipple being kissed before being taking completely in her mouth. 

She felt fingers moving up her leg, wanting them to go higher. 'Ahhhh' as the fingers touched her clit through the lace, rubbing it making her wet. 

She felt the kisses moving down her body getting closer and closer to her pussy. 

She could feel her friends breath on her pussy as her gstring was pulled away 

A tounge touched her clit, send waves of pleasure through her body. She laid back as the tongue moved around the outside her pussy, teasing her while still giving her what she wanted. 

'Mmmmmm' finally the tongue moved to her pussy, moving in and out, side to side. 

Each touch sending new waves through her. 

'Ahhhhh' she felt a finger moving inside her, as the tongue moved back to her clit. The finger moved around, rubbing the inside of her pussy, until, 'ughhhh' the fingers found the one spot her boyfriend never could. 

She came almost straight away as the finger kept rubbing, she barely noticed the second finger going inside, meeting the other one. 

She breathed heavily as the kissing off her pussy stopped, wondering why she felt lips pressed against hers, a sweetness on her lips that was her own cum. She got even more as her tongue touched her friends, playing with each other. 

She could feel the pressure in her pussy building as her orgasm grew, waiting to be released. 

'Aaagghhhhhh'

She couldn't contain it anymore, waves of ecstasy flowed down her body, her pussy tensing around the fingers that were still rubbing the inside of her. 

She moaned as her friend kissed her deeply. Cumming like she hadn't in years, she didn't want it to end. 

She felt the fingers coming slowly out of her pussy as she wrapped her arms around her friend. 

Sharing a kiss, the only thought running through her mind was hoping this would never end...