 I was officially horny and desperate. 

At twenty-seven, sex was already a thing of my past. Long since were the days of going out on the town with girl friends, taking shots and screwing anything with two legs. Now, I was too busy answering phones and being ogled at all day long by the asshat of a lawyer I worked for. 

It paid well, don't get me wrong. I scored myself a decent apartment in the nice part of town, and all of my clothes were designer. But the shitty long hours left me with no time for myself. 

So when I was on a rare coffee date with my best friend, I almost choked when she suggested I put an ad online looking for a good time. 

Sure, the lady downstairs was starting to develop some serious cobwebs. The most action she'd had in the last year was from a cheap electric toothbrush I'd bought at the drugstore on a Saturday night when I was out getting wine. But I wasn't crazy enough to go looking for a fuckbuddy online. 

Her logic? Dating apps were too mainstream. If I wanted a good, old fashioned, no-string-attached fuck session, I was better off putting word out on one of those personal ad websites. Because, apparently, that was still a thing. 

I told her she was crazy, of course. I told her I was never going to do that. 

But after my boss made a sidelong glance up my skirt and called me "hot stuff", I was texting her to ask what website she had been thinking of. 

And that was how I came to be sitting at work writing a "sex wanted" ad. I gave a brief description of myself, five foot seven, brown hair, hazel eyes, slim; and outlined what I was looking for. I kept it simple, essentially saying just about anyone with experience was good. I wasn't picky, and seeing as the only opportunity I had was that night, I figured it would get me the quickest deal. 

I had received thirty-seven replies by my lunch hour, and fifty-six by the time my lunch hour was over. 

Instead of doing work for the rest of my shift, I filtered through the emails, only paying attention when clients came in or the phone beside me rang. 

There were a lot of freaky people on the internet, as I suspected. After skimming through all of the messages, I was just about ready to call it quits and declare myself a spinster, closing down the browser and returning to real life, when a new message popped up with the subject line "I'LL BRING THE WINE." 

I couldn't help the warmth that pooled between my legs as I opened the email. It was from a young woman, a year younger than myself, by the name of Savannah. 

According to her short reply, she'd just returned from studying abroad, and was looking to spend the night out before starting her new career in the city. She'd even included a photo of herself, something I hadn't thought to do. 

When I opened the attachment, I was shocked to find a pretty blonde girl smiling back at me. She was petite and pixie-like, and just looking at her photo I started feeling all warm and tingly at the prospects of meeting her. 

It was almost too good to be true. Which is why I copied the image into a web search, just to be sure. 

To my surprise, it popped up an Instagram feed full of her photos. Apparently she's been studying in Australia, and from the looks of it, she spent a lot of time in a bikini. I browsed through her photos for a few more minutes, resisting the urge to dust off the lady downstairs when I came across one of her in a very short, very tight white dress. 

Exiting out of her feed before my boss could come out and see what I was getting myself all hot and bothered over, I returned to her email and sent her a reply, asking what she was doing at nine o'clock that night. 

Not five minutes later, she replied with a very suggestive, "With any luck? You."

I messaged her back with my address and favourite wine selection. 

*****

By the time nine o'clock rolled around, I was more anxious than a virgin at a strip club. 

I had dug out the hottest outfit I owned. Which said a lot, considering it consisted of a high waisted pencil skirt and an almost see-through white blouse. But I made the most of it, freshening up my makeup, letting my long wavy brown locks free from their pins, and deciding at the last minute braless was the way to go. 

I'd actually managed to convince myself I was being catfished, and that some old guy with a potbelly was going to show up at my doorstep by the time the doorbell rang. I even kept that thought in mind so that I wouldn't be disappointed when I opened the door. 

But imagine my surprise when I opened the door to my apartment to reveal a gorgeous blonde girl in a pair of skintight jeans and a flowery bodice, holding a bottle of my favourite white wine. 

"You're Brooke, right?" She asked in a silky voice. 

I almost came then and there. 

Nodding my head, I motioned for her to come in, closing and locking the door behind her. 

"You weren't kidding about the wine, huh?" I replied, my voice coming out breathier than I had wanted. 

Her tinkling laugh was music to my ears. "I never kid about wine. It makes everything better, if you ask me." 

"Can't argue," I said as I lead her in the direction of the kitchen. 

I pulled two glasses out of the cabinet, setting them down on the counter before grabbing my opener out of the drawer. 

Once we both had a drink in our hands, we turned towards one another. 

"You seem nervous," Savannah commented before we had even taken a sip. 

I let out a dry laugh. "You could say that." 

"Why?" She asked with a shrug. "You're hot and you seem nice. You have great taste in wine. I don't see what you have to be nervous about."

I couldn't help but laugh. "I just haven't done this in a while. Guess I'm just worried I'll be out of practice or something."

A grin spread across her lips. "Well then, I guess you'll just have to let me give you a refresher."

I blinked, before raising my glass to her. "I like the sound of that."

Our glasses clinked and we each downed our drinks in one big swig. Her cheery flirting had done plenty to lighten the mood, and the wine made quick work making me feel all tingly inside. 

With a seductive smile, Savannah handed me the open bottle. "Why don't you finish this up. I'm feeling a little hot."

I opened my mouth to tell her just how hot she was, but my mouth stopped working when she slowly began to undo the laces of her bodice. 

I managed to down the rest of the bottle in my hands before she finished unlacing herself, and looked up just in time to watch her drop the silky fabric to the floor, exposing her small round breasts and creamy skin. 

"Holy fuck," I breathed as I leaned back into the counter to enjoy the show. I'd nearly forgotten how beautiful a woman's body was, having not seen any but my own and those of the girls on my computer screen in nearly three years. 

I watched lustfully as she cupped and kneaded at her breasts, rolling her nipples between her fingers as she stared at me. With a flick of the fingers on her one hand, she unbuttoned her jeans, and with a few seductive wiggles of her hips, she pulled them off and stepped out of them, leaving her standing there in a lacy green thong. 

By now, my own panties were soaked as I watched her swing her hips and rub her hands over her curves. I wanted those hands on me, those fingers pleasing me. As the tip of her tongue darted out to wet her lips, I imagined that tongue licking at my cunt, those green eyes staring up at me, and I moaned loudly. 

"Like what you see, Brooke?" She asked with a seductive grin. 

I reached out and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her close to me. "I want to fuck what I see," I told her, before roughly pulling her against me and attacking her mouth with mine. 

Her tongue quickly found my lips, and I happily welcomed it into my mouth as she moved it against mine. A small smile crept onto my lips as I was given a little demonstration as to just how skilled she would be with her tongue. 

Savannah was the first to pull away from our hot kisses, a grin on her face. "I recall I'm supposed to give you a little refresher," she said as her hands played at the hem of my skirt. When one of her fingers brushed against my inner thigh, I groaned. 

"Don't worry," she whispered as she trailed her hands up my stomach. "I'm not much for foreplay." 

Without warning, her hands grabbed as the front of my blouse and ripped it open, the buttons audibly falling to the floor. 

My naked breasts were on display for but a moment before she latched on, swirling her tongue around them roughly. I moaned, throwing my head back as a knot of desire started forming low in my belly. As she pulled her mouth away, my now hardened nipples were assaulted by the cool air of the fan blowing in the kitchen, sending a shock of pleasure down deep into my core. 

Savannah ripped my shirt the rest of the way off of my shoulders, tossing it to the floor before grabbing me by the waist. "Do you remember what it feels like to have a woman's tongue fuck your pussy?" She asked as she took in the sight of my body before her. 

I shook my head, which only made her grin grow. 

"Good. It's much more fun that way. Now get on the counter and spread your legs."

I didn't have to be told twice. I quickly hopped up onto the granite counter, leaving one leg dangling over the edge and the other propped up on the counter. My skirt had rode up around my waist, revealing the black silk panties I wore. 

With one hand, Savannah traced the tips of her fingers up the inside of my thigh, sending shivers of anticipation through me. I wanted her to hurry up and have her way with me, so I could get my hands on her. 

Using one finger, she hooked it under the front of my panties and pulled them to the side to reveal my poor, underused slit. Her eyes flicked up to meet mine, the green glittering with desire. "This is how you make a girl scream."

And she wasn't kidding. Without another word she bent her head down and ran her tongue roughly all the way from my ass to my clit. I had to bite my tongue to keep from screaming. I wouldn't let myself come undone from one stroke of her tongue. I wasn't that out of practice. 

She circled her tongue around my clït a few times before proceeding to eat me out like a professional. The way she moved her tongue and her lips against my cunt with such confidence and skill made me question what exactly she had been studying down under. 

I was a shaking, moaning mess on the counter before she'd even gotten the chance to slip her expert fingers inside of me. She'd surprised me by thrusting two fingers into my dripping slit and began pumping and curling them in a way that did have me crying out at the waves of pleasure that racked my body. 

Between her skilled tongue and rough fingers inside of me, I found my climax quickly, screaming and cussing until I was quivering on the countertop. 

Savannah straightened up and brought her lips down on mine. They were wet with my own juices as she kissed me roughly. It was salty and sweet, and just the sight of her covered in my mess had me growing wet again. 

But it was her turn now. 

"Take off your panties," I demanded against her lips. "And bring that sweet little ass up here so I can fuck you myself." 

She leaned back with a grin, slowly sliding her panties down her legs and stepping out of them as she climbed up onto counter. As she straddled my waist, taking the time to swirl her tongue around my nipples, I could feel her wetness against my exposed stomach. Without warning, I grabbed onto her legs and pulled her forward until my tongue eagerly greeted her pussy lips. 

A loud moan escaped her lips as my tongue dipped into her slit. "Fuck me," she shuddered. 

"With pleasure," I murmured against her as my tongue circled her clït in quick succession. Savannah slowly began thrusting herself against my face, a sign I took as her encouraging to go harder. 

And I did, lapping roughly at her dripping pussy as she rubbed it desperately against my face. It was only a matter of moments after that before a hot wetness splashed over my face, a salty sweet wetness filling my mouth as Savannah began shuttering and screaming her way through her orgasm. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck," she cursed as she rode out the final waves of her climax. 

I laughed and placed a kiss on her still pulsing clit before sliding out from under her. Pushing off my skirt and panties, I stretched, my naked body on full display now as Savannah turned to face me. 

"Don't say you're tired already," she smirked, lazing back on her elbows and spreading her legs wide before me. 

"Fuck no," I laughed. "I just need to go get something. So make yourself comfortable." 

I left her there, puzzled as I made my way to my bedroom. Digging through my nightstand, I retrieved what I was looking for before returning to the gorgeous naked girl in my kitchen.

Savannah was still reclined on the countertop, her smooth, pretty pussy on full display for me to admire. When she saw me return, a wide grin spread over her lips. "Are you going to tell me what you went to get, or is it a surprise?" 

I stepped in front of her, reaching with one hand to tangle my fingers in her sweaty blonde locks. She gasped aloud when I used that grip to roughly yank her off the counter and into a standing position, only to be silenced when I attacked her mouth with my own. 

"It's no fun if I tell you," I said against her lips. "So why don't you be a good girl and turn around, and bend over the counter so I can see that sexy ass of your's." 

That toothy, Cheshire Cat grin returned as she obliged, spinning around and leaning over, pressing her perky breasts into the granite countertop and spreading her legs with a tantalizing shake of her ass. I crouched down behind her, licking my lips at the sight of Savannah's perfectly round ass in front of my face. With one hand, I slapped her cheeks, earning a couple of small cries of pleasure from her. 

I gave her no warning before I leaned forward and pressed my hot tongue against her hole, spreading her cheeks with my hands for better access. 

She cried out from above me again, a mixture of surprise and pleasure that turned into a girlish giggle. "Hell, for a shy girl you sure are good with that dirty tongue of yours, Brooke."

My lips curved into a smug smile as I flicked my tongue furiously against her puckering hole. 

The faster I went, the louder her moans grew, until I pulled away and she whimpered. "It's real cruel to leave a girl hanging, you know." 

"I know," I smirked, as I reached for the bottle I had retrieved from my bedroom. I squirted some of it's cool liquid contents onto my fingers as she groaned in frustration. "Which is why I'd never leave a gorgeous girl like you unfinished." 

Spreading her cheeks with one hand, I slowly teased her opening with one of my lubed fingers. Grinning as she moaned loudly, I continued to press the tip of my finger against the puckered hole there until I figured she was ready, and I allowed my finger to dip into her ass. 

Even from crouched behind her, I could see her arms working as she began to roughly massage her perky breasts. As I watched her, I pumped my finger in and out of her asshole, picking up the pace as she relaxed around me. 

It was only a few moments before she began quivering in front of me. "Fucking hell, Brooke. I'm gonna to cum again," she moaned lustfully, her hand coming down in front of her to rub her clit. 

"Not yet you're not," I grinned as I pulled my finger out of her in time to bat her hand away. 

Savannah cried out once again in frustration as I denied her orgasm. "Fuck you, Brooke," she whined. 

With a laugh, I picked up the empty wine bottle beside me. "But I'd much rather fuck you in your perfect ass," I said as I brought the opening of the wine bottle up behind and pushed the opening of it carefully past her entrance. 

She let out a strangled cry as I continued to push the neck of the bottle inside of her, stretching her tight hole until it disappeared. Slowly, I began to pull it back out, and her cries turned into screams of pleasure. 

"Harder," she panted as I thrust the bottle gently back into her. "Fuck me harder." 

I obliged, pumping the bottle into her harder and faster as she screamed my name at the top of her lungs. When her legs began to quiver and vibrate, I twisted around until I was crouched beneath her perfect dripping pussy. Keeping one hand on the wine bottle, I fucked her in the ass while my tongue lapped at her throbbing clit. 

Savannah screamed and her whole body shook as she rode through her second orgasm of the night. With a final, "I'm cumming," yelled so loud I'm certain my neighbours heard her, a gush of her juices flowed over my lips and down my small breasts. 

Licking her salty cum from my lips as I pulled the bottle one last time from her ass, I set it next to me on the floor just as Savannah yanked me to my feet. 

With hooded eyes, she took in my naked body in front of her, her gaze lingering on where her own sweet juices glistened on my tits. She leaned down then, circling my nipples with her hot tongue as she tasted herself before bringing her mouth to mine in a punishing, lust-filled kiss. 

When she pulled back, she was grinning lazily. "I taste so fucking good on your tits." 

I wrapped my arms around her and smiled back. "I'd forgotten how delicious a good pussy tastes." 

"Well, you call me the next time you crack a bottle of wine and I'll remind you all over again." 

And a week later, I did just that.