 I was reading a murder mystery I had already read twice before and was completely engrossed in every little detail written on the page before me when she walked in. At first, I didn't pay much mind to her. It was no different then any other day. She's my best friend and by far the most amazing person in the world. At least that's how I saw her up until a few months ago. Now I had to stop myself from just staring at her, taking in her smile and laugh, letting my eyes wander before I snapped back to reality. Yes I have been crushing on her for some time now but she is far from being into me like I am her. She has said on many occasions that she is not into women and I've tried many times to dig deeper into those words, wanting to find some deeper hidden meaning...some hidden message that I missed. As much as I wanted it to be true, it never seemed to be. She still acted the same way she had from the moment we met and she hadn't changed in the slightest in any area. 

Today was different however. She walked in while I was reading and after I had focused back on my book, I felt as if I had become an object on display. I glanced in her direction and was shocked to find that she was in fact staring at me. Not just any kind of staring either. She was actually looking me up and down, letting her eyes roam over my form. It sent shivers through me to think that she might actually like me. Never in my wildest dreams did I think that she would ever have a thing for me. I tried to put the feeling aside, ignore the shivers and butterflies and was doing a fairly good job. I didn't even notice when she had sat down next to me. 

I noticed, however, when her body grazed mine as she leaned over, seeming to be reading with me. I bit my lower lip, trying to keep my focus as best I could, not knowing what she was playing at and not wanting to get the wrong idea. I knew how much my mind liked to make things up. I didn't say anything but just continued to read, wanting it to be my imagination but also wishing it isn't because of how long I've wanted this. 

She leaned closer against me and I could feel her hair brushing against my shoulder and her warm breath hitting my face. I almost couldn't take it anymore and I knew just how much she was affecting me. She shifted slightly so that she could look up into my face and out of the corner of my eye I could see the smirk that had formed on her face. 

I went over all the possible actions I could take and her smirk just grew as she realized she had me wrapped around her finger. After what felt like hours, she took the book from my hands, tossing it to the floor while I just looked at her, not sure what to say or do at that moment. My brain seemed to completely shut down when I needed it the most and I think she knew because she didn't wait for me to say anything. She gently pushed me down and maneuvered so she was straddling my waist. 

She had my arms pinned over my head and she was leaning ever so slightly over me and all I could do was stare at her. My vocal cords were paralyzed by the shock of the situation and my brain was still trying to find a sane reason for all of this. The only coherent though running through my head was that this can't be happening because she has said that she's straight and that I've got to be imagining things again. That thought flew out the window as soon as her lips touched mine. It took me a few minutes to realize what was happening before my body started reacting of it's own accord. Our lips moved together so perfectly and I felt the air I didn't realize I had been holding come out in a soft sigh. Her lips curved into a small smile against mine upon hearing the sigh leave my lips and she took it one step further, letting her tongue trace my lower lip, asking for entry into my mouth which I quickly and eagerly granted her. 

As her tongue explored my mouth, one of her hands moved from my wrist, trailing down to the hem of my shirt, slipping just underneath the garment and resting on the smooth skin of my waist, causing me to shiver slightly at the new sensation. I kissed her back passionately, and moved my hand to thread my fingers through her hair. She pulled back, grinning down at me and shook her head.

"Did I say you could touch?" she said, looking at me with an arched eyebrow as I just shook my head, breathing slightly heavier than normal.

She just shook her head slightly, a smile working it's way onto her face and she leaned forward, pulling my cabinet open and as she pulled her hand back and dangled the handcuffs in front of me, I just gulped. How she even knew about them I would never know. 

While I was trying to figure out how she knew about the handcuffs, she had leaned over, grabbing my wrists and pinning them against the headboard before cuffing me to the bars before I realized what was happening. 

"Now...let's see what we can do about your clothes. You have far too many on."

I couldn't do anything but watch as she moved her hands to the hem of my shirt, pulling it up slowly, revealing more of my skin to her hungry eyes. I fought a laugh when she got it as far as it would go due to my hands being handcuffed. She just left it at my arms, moving back to looking over my body, her hands slowly working over my skin, pinching and twisting my nipples, eliciting a moan from me. She knew just how to work me up into a sweaty, panting mess and she was enjoying every second of it. 

"Fucking hell Jess. Stop teasing me please." I moaned, squirming and fighting against the cuffs. She just giggled quietly, moving a hand down my stomach, slowly inching under the waistband of my pants that she had unbuttoned and unzipped without my knowing. I bit my lower lip, my breath hitching as her hand slowly eased down further, slipping over the crotch of my thong with just enough pressure to hit my pleasure spot and causing me to arch up against her hand with a loud moan.

"Oh you like that huh." She grinned as she watched me writhe on the bed, rubbing my cunt through the thong. I was panting heavily, unable to breath properly at that point. I was relieved when she pulled her hand out of my pants but it was a short lived thing because all she did was pull my pants off my slim legs, tossing them to the floor before her hands moved to my thighs, spreading my legs for her before she continued her previous attacks and rubbed my cunt more furiously, stopping when she could feel my thong becoming soaked. 

She pulled back, grabbing the top of the small item of clothing, pulling it off of me and smirking when she saw just how wet I was. She moved down between my legs again and spread them wider so I was open before her, and she grinned, moving a hand to rub my clit slowly in a circular motion, causing me to spasm under her and arch off of the bed. She grinned and grabbed my calf's, keeping my legs spread wide and moved forward, flicking her tongue over my clit.

By that point, I was soaking wet and the blankets under me had a spot on them where my juices had soaked through. She had started thrusting three fingers into me, angling them, searching out my spot and she had searched around my room moments earlier, stopping once she found my stash of sex toys. She grabbed a vibe from the stash which she was currently using against my clit, making me writhe in pleasure, gasping with pleasure and lack of oxygen. She grinned when she finally found my spot and I arched up almost painfully, every muscle in my body tensing and my hot, tight cunt twitching around her fingers.

She was grinning like mad, knowing she had me in the palm of her hand, and she wanted to see just how far she could make me go just to get her to finish what she started so she pulled back, a smirk forming on her face as she moved back up and straddled my waist. I groaned and looked up at her, slowly getting my breath back. "Why'd you stop?"

She giggled quietly. "How badly do you want me to finish?" she asked, slowly, pulling her shirt off. I couldn't speak properly at that point because my wildest fantasies were coming true and I couldn't get my mind to work for me. She just continued to undress in front of me, leaning back to peel her pants down her legs, leaving her in just a thong before she resumed her position straddling my waist.

I bite my lower lip as I looked over her body, an almost inaudible moan leaving my lips at the sight before me. "I'll do anything."

I knew just how deep I was in when she stood up, a grin firmly planted on her face as she pulled her thong down her slim, tan legs, stepping out of them and moving over to the bed. "Just what I wanted to hear." After those words left her lips, she got back onto the bed but instead of straddling my waist, she lowered her hot, wet pussy over my face and her knees on either side of my head. I didn't waste any time and as soon as she was sat on my face, I thrust my tongue into her snatch, moaning at the taste of her sweet juices. 

I ate her out furiously and she was rocking her hips against me, grinding on my tongue. She was moaning so loudly that I was sure that people down the street could have heard her but I could've cared less. Just the fact that my fantasies were becoming a reality was just mind blowing for me and I didn't want anything to stop. She was panting heavily above me and she was getting wetter by the second. I just moaned louder, licking up everything I could before continue to eat her out, loving every clench of her around my tongue. 

It felt like forever before she tensed above me, arching as her juices squirted out onto my tongue and down my throat. I continued to thrust my tongue into her, licking up everything I could before she moved, panting heavily as she looked up at me. "Fuck you were good."

I just smiled massively, still slightly dazed at the events that were unfolding before me as she moved back down my body. I noticed however when I felt the vibe back on my clit and I really noticed as I felt her tongue trailing down from just under my clit, diving into my hot, wet pussy, tongue fucking me with increasing speed.

I knew I wasn't gonna last long due to all the teasing and I think she got the idea when I started moving my hips against her, trying to bring her further into me. She started eating me out more furiously, turning the vibe up as high as it would go and moaning as my muscles started to spasm around her tongue. She didn't let up one bit as I tensed under her, arching up off the bed and cumming with a loud moan of her name and even after I started to grow sensitive from the constant pleasure. It was growing slightly painful and she still hadn't stopped rubbing my clit and eating me out and I was squirming under her, hoping she'd get the idea and let up which she didn't.

I was really wishing now that I wasn't handcuffed and was fighting with them, not having any luck until I heard someone yelling my name. 

"Ash!!! Ash wake up!!!!" Jess said, shaking me slightly.

I sat bolt upright, almost hitting her when I did. Once I realized I was just dreaming, I relaxed, wrapping my arms around myself. It seemed so real. How could it have been nothing but my wishful thinking?