 "Wise up" my best friend Julie told me. "You're boyfriend is a cheat and liar." I didn't want to believe her, but Julie had a real knack for figuring people out. She is about six years older than me, has been happily married for five years but had gone through a whole series of guys that looked good on the surface but were really jerks, and has developed real "relationship radar."

Let me back up a little. My name is Ginger. I live in a conservative mid-sized Midwestern City in the U. S. [I'll call it "Midwestern City"]. Despite my young age (25) I'm City Comptroller. How I got the job is another story; I'll summarize it real quickly. I graduated from an out-of-state college by the time I was twenty, took to an Assistant Comptroller job in Midwestern City like a pig to mud, and when I exposed fraud by my boss the City Council gave me the job.

To be honest with you, the universe of men worthy of a relationship is not the best in Midwestern City. Lots of male chauvinist pigs, guys who contract with the City and think they can get a leg up by romancing me, and religious zealots who believe a woman should stay at home and be pregnant or barefoot depending upon the season. That's why I was pleased to find Greg.

As even Julie admits, Greg is very handsome and usually very charming too; we make a striking couple since he's 6' 2", long dark hair, brown eyes, and I'm 5' 2", short blond hair, blue eyes, both slim. He has a good job evaluating bond and related offerings by English speaking countries, particularly Australia and Canada, for an international hedge fund. He's not a male chauvinist or religious zealot but there is one thing about him that really bugs me. He is the biggest homophobe I have ever seen. The comments he makes when he sees two girls or two guys together are so disturbing it was the subject of our biggest fight – and he no longer makes comments when I'm around but I can still see his angst if, for example, two girls are holding hands!

Anyway, Julie can cite enough reasons why her radar is up with him that I've decided to "investigate" him. He often travels to Australia on business for two weeks at a time. He can never leave me a number to reach him at a hotel – he just gives me a business number with some lame excuse about the time difference. He never asks me to go with him, but swears there is no one there he is interested in and that I am his one and only and as soon as he is a little more established with the hedge fund he wants us to get together for good.

I had two weeks vacation coming, and I decided to go to Australia to shadow him since if he is a cheat and a liar like Julie says I wanted to know right away, then dump him. Julie's husband owns a private security company and gave me a high end GPS tracking device and taught me how to use it. It's very simple. I put a small emitter in Greg's wallet when I stayed over at his place one night, and if I am within three kilometers of its location I can pinpoint it to within five meters.

Greg always flies business class to Koala-land, so I bought a coach ticket on the same flight, invested in a long brunette wig, a large pair of sunglasses, and a new dress of a style and color much different than my normal wardrobe, and was ready to go. Even Julie didn't recognize me in my getup, and she is much more observant than Greg is so I was confident that he'd never notice me.

Everything worked according to plan and expectations – too good, damn it. I took a cab that I directed with the GPS locator to follow Greg's, and instead of going to a hotel he went to a residence on the outskirts of Sydney. A woman greeted him at the door – I couldn't see the greeting well. I saw the woman come out to get the mail – the name on the mailbox was Wylde – and then excitedly go back in. Wow, she was gorgeous. Much different than I was. About 5 ' 6 ", long brunette hair, voluptuous, sparkling! I knew in my heart this had to be the paramour Julie predicted, but I wanted to be sure and to see if he was misleading her the same way that he was misleading me.

I had the cabbie take me to the nearest hotel – less than three km away so I was still within GPS range – and rented a car. My plan was to follow them if they moved; unfortunately they didn't leave the house all day or night. I knew what that meant.

The next morning I showed up at the Wylde residence early and followed them in the woman's car as she dropped Greg off at his work place, saying goodbye with a passionate kiss. Then I followed her to her place of work, trying to find out as much about her as I could.

She went into the Sydney Tourist Bureau. I had to develop a plan on how to meet and pump her for information. I went in, made some inquiries, and found out that she was the Director of the Tourist Bureau. In one of the most definitive Eureka moments of my life I instantly formulated a fool proof plan.

I asked to see Ms. Wylde about the possibility of bringing my City's Government executives to Sydney for a Conference and working session. She came out to see me.

"Hi, I'm Linda Wylde, the Director. Pleased to meet you," she said, extending a strong but silky smooth hand. Seeing her up close, including the twinkle in her eye and perfectly chiseled facial features it was no wonder Greg was attracted to her – just touching her gave me a little shiver.

"Thank you so much for seeing me without an appointment. I'm Ginger Spice" [no, that's not my real name], "Comptroller of Midwestern City. I'm here on holiday but love your city so much I want to talk with you about arranging a trip here by our whole City Council."

"Wonderful, Ginger. I'm busy this morning but could we meet at 1 p.m. to talk about it?"

"Great, I'll be back then."

When we met at one I was as friendly as could be, and she was too. I almost forgot why I was there she was so pleasant – I guess that's why she's Director of Tourism. But I snapped out of it and used our quick bonding to ask about her love life.

"Actually, there's an American I've been seeing for some time – actually from the same city you're from, his name is Greg Gore, do you know him?"

"I think I might. Is it serious between you two?"

"Well he talks about getting married, but I don't know how it would work – who would move to a different continent."

"Does he have anyone in the U. S.?"

"He says I'm the only one. But it is a little funny because when I mentioned visiting him in the U. S. he found a number of reasons why that wouldn't work."

I decided to come clean and tell Linda why I was there. At first she was taken aback and defensive. But I made it clear to her that I was not in any way judging her; all I was interested in doing was seeing if Greg was the cheat and liar Julie said that he was, and that she should be interested too. I showed her photos of Greg and I together. Her attitude changed immediately – "You bet I would like to know," was her reply.

She didn't want to draw a conclusion without testing Greg – and I didn't blame her – so we devised a plan. I hand wrote a note that said "Have a great trip sexy – can't wait until you get back to Midwestern City. Love, Ginger Spice." Linda would tell Greg that night that she found it by his luggage, and ask him about it to see his response. We made arrangements to meet the next morning at a nearby restaurant for breakfast.

The next day when Linda came into the café, I could tell she was hopping mad. "I'm afraid you're friend is right. He is a cheat and liar."

"What did he say when you showed him my note."

"He said that Ginger was a mental patient in a hospital he did volunteer work in who fantasized she had a relationship with him, and must have snuck that note in when he was there the day before he left. I asked if he ever went out with her and he said 'God no, she weighs 300 pounds and has warts and sores all over the visible parts of her body, and halitosis to boot.' The worst part was that he said it totally deadpan without any emotion whatsoever – clearly he is a pathological liar."

I either had to laugh or cry. I started laughing. Linda's expression changed from stern to laughing too. After about two minutes of hysteria with all the other patrons looking at us we like we really were mental patients, we regained our composure. Once we did I said:

"If you want him, he's yours."

"If there is one thing I can't stand it is lying. I don't want anything to do with that ass. But just dumping him isn't enough. We have to make it painful for him" Linda replied.

"I'll give it some thought and we can meet later today to discuss it" I offered.

"Sounds good, but we have to do it today. I want that bastard out of my house by tonight. Come see me at my office about two p.m., OK?"

I went to a local park to think. I needed to come up with something good. As I was spinning my wheels without much luck a lesbian couple walked by. They were obviously happy and demonstrative. I had another Eureka moment. But would Linda go along with it?

When I showed up at Linda's office she hurried me inside, closed the door and said "I hope you've got something good; I've been too busy to think about it, just seethe."

"Tell me Linda, in your experience what is the thing that upsets Greg most?"

"That's easy, he's the biggest homophobe I've ever seen in my life. It makes me really angry some times. Once, as a joke, I told him I was bisexual and he went ballistic."

"Exactly. Now this is just an idea – I've never had a relationship with another woman – but what if he caught his two lovers making love to each other?"

Linda sat back totally startled. At first she frowned; then she smiled; then she furrowed her brow; then looked pensive. Finally her eyes sparkled as she said "I've never been with another women either, but it is the only thing that will completely humiliate him. If you're game, so am I. How will it work?"

That night Greg got to Linda's house about six p.m. Linda had a separate bathroom in her bedroom. Linda told Greg "Why don't you go shower and then we'll go out and get something to eat."

"Great" the unsuspecting dupe responded.

While he was in the bathroom Linda and I took all his clothes, put his briefcase and suitcase at her front door, and locked the bedroom door. When he came out of the shower I was laying naked on the bed with my legs spread widely apart while naked Linda was licking my pussy. As Greg exited the bathroom he said "Hon have you seen my.....What the FUCK?"

Linda turned to him and said "Look who showed up from the U. S. The 300 pound mental patient. We had a good laugh when we both found out the other was bisexual and you've been fucking people who are in your view homos for many months. Care to join us?"

With that she turned back to me and slurped up a storm as I oohed and aahed. Greg was cursing, calling us names, and trying to get out the locked door. Finally – just so he wouldn't break the door down, Linda got up, took the key off the nightstand, and as she was unlocking the door looked up at Greg and said "Give me a kiss goodbye will you, I'm sure you'd love to taste Ginger's pussy on my lips."

With a string of expletives, Greg was out of the bedroom door, stopped only long enough to put on pants, and with his stuff was gone – out of our lives for good!

Linda came back to the bed laughing. While I was sporting a smile it wasn't just because Greg was gone. I apparently had a dreamy look on my face because Linda stopped laughing and said "What's up?"

I suddenly realized why I felt like I did. I reached over to Linda, gently put my hand on one of her spectacular breasts, and essentially cooed "You really, really, really made me feel good. Would it be all right if we experiment a little more?"

It wasn't until the words came out of my mouth that I realized what I had said. I immediately prepared myself for rejection. Instead she said "I enjoyed it too. Why not?"

With that Linda pushed my shoulders back down on the mattress, got between my legs again and this time wasn't just slurping. She fingered a pussy lip with one hand, while sticking a finger of the other into my now soaking kitty, and found my clitoris with her mouth and started alternatively flicking it with her tongue and sucking it. She was a blur. 

Her penetrating finger found my G-spot and was caressing it feverishly. Her tongue and lips never gave my clit even a second's rest; and her simultaneous massaging of my pussy lips was driving me nuts. I grabbed her hair and shoulders as I literally sobbed with ecstasy. It wasn't long before I screamed with a powerful orgasm. However, rather than stopping her my orgasm apparently spurred Linda on even more

While I was still climaxing, she took the sopping wet fingers of one hand from my pussy lips and while still abusing my G-spot and clitoris stuck two fingers of that hand into my asshole and starting twisting them inside. I came again; and again; and again!

About my fifth orgasm I lost count. Soon thereafter I passed out from the pleasure overload. When I opened my eyes I saw Linda's smiling face just inches from mine. After she gently pushed her lips into mine she said. "Wow. You really liked that didn't you?"

"God, it was so over the top. I've never passed out from sex before. How long was I out?"

"Just a minute or two; but you looked so serene."

With that she kissed me again, longer, inserting her tongue into my mouth. After a minute of Frenching, I rallied. I'm rarely the aggressor during sex. I suddenly turned into a tiger.

I broke our kiss, mouthed "Your turn," rolled her off of me onto her back, and as she gave out a little squeal I started kneading her tits and sucking her nipples with alacrity. As I was doing so the thought ran through my brain that I had always been fascinated by tits, and often appreciated other girl's boobs in the locker rooms during high school, college, and at the local gym. Linda's were some of the nicest I had ever seen – and had a perfect combination of softness and firmness. Plus the nipples were enormous and I could tell extremely sensitive since as soon as I started kneading and sucking Linda moaned loudly.

I never knew that a woman could have an orgasm just from breast-play! I found out some women can, at least the seductive Linda could! Within about two minutes she was screaming and writhing around so much I almost couldn't continue sucking. When see stopped her screaming long enough to say "Oh my God, you've got to stop, that's too intense" I laughed and said to myself "I've just begun sweetie."

I went straight from her nipples to her pussy. I didn't even consider a lack of experience would be even a minor problem, rationalizing "I'll just do what I like done to me." It was so much fun! Her pussy looked a lot different than mine, delicious craggy edges and an extremely prominent clit, much larger than mine. At first I softly pinched her clit with the fingers of one hand while running the other hand vigorously up and down her slit. Then I started handling her clit with both hands while with my tongue I went over every inch of her craggy edges. I've always been told that I have an amazing lizard tongue by guys I have blown, but I was certain I was even better probing all the nooks and crannies of this delicious organ.

I was determined to make Linda as delirious as she made me. It took awhile, including pumping three fingers in each hole at warp speed at the same time, but I brought her over the edge, turning her into a little puddle of protoplasm at about the time of her sixth orgasm. I was so proud.

When she came back from the trance I had put her in, there I was, smiling at her. Still fuzzy she half-laughed "You little tart. God I hate you. Let's do it again."

We didn't get much sleep – hell probably only when we were passed out from our erotic pleasure – that night. When Linda dragged her stupefied ass out of the bed as her alarm rang the next morning, she went to shower to wake herself up. After her shower she returned to the bed and said:

"You don't have to leave anytime soon, do you?"

"I'm in Australia for ten more days," I smiled.

"Please check out of your hotel and come stay here. I'll take off work next week and we can tour during the day and have sex all night."

"How could I possibly turn that down?" I rhetorically asked with a grin bigger than Texas on my face!

After I checked out of the hotel, while Linda was at work, I went to a sex shop for the first time in my life. I was as embarrassed as hell. The saleswoman could tell and was great about it. As I, redder than a beet, was inspecting dildos and other sex toys she put me at ease:

"First time in a place like this, hey Sheila?"

"Yeah, I guess that's pretty obvious."

"No problem, that's what I'm here for. First female relationship too, I'll bet?"

"Am I really that obvious" I stuttered, blushing even more.

"No reason to blush. I want you to relax and just help you get what you want. Let me explain."

Pleasantly, light-heartedly, and expertly, she explained all the implements to me. I left with a purchase I was really happy with, and excited about. I wondered what Linda's reaction would be.

When Linda got home I had a light dinner already prepared. Sheepishly I said "I just made us some salads for dinner. I hope that's enough. I was, well, I guess, uh..."

"You are so transparent Ginger. You were hoping to get right back to sex weren't you, and didn't want a heavy meal taking blood away from where you wanted it, right?"

We laughed heartily, knowing that she hit the nail on the head.

After our meal, we took a shower together, delicately washing each other's body parts accompanied by many giggles, but trying not to be too erotic. Once we dried off, as we were hugging, I whispered in Linda's ear "I have a surprise for you."

We broke our hug and as she apprehensively stared at me I pulled an eighteen inch soft plastic double dildo with cork screw ends out from under the covers. I've never seen eyes that wide before in my life. "What the hell is that Ginger?" she blurted out.

"A new level of fun tonight," I laughed.

"Ha! Do you know how to use it?" she inquired.

"Well, we'll find out," I replied, "but the saleswoman was very helpful and I'm sure we're going to enjoy it."

I couldn't believe I was going to be the teacher since I was such a novice, but I certainly had a willing pupil. We started by taking turns getting on all fours and licking and fingering each other. After we did that about three times each, we were dripping wet. I took one corkscrew end and gently inserted it into my pussy until about five or six inches were in. It felt nice.

Linda backed her ass up to mine, and we both giggled as we took turns trying to insert the free end of the dildo into her anxious vagina. The giggling stopped once she had five-six inches up her cunt and we started wiggly. Then we moved back and forth, slowly at first, then more quickly. Finally, our butts were smacking into each other as we moved "to" in sync, and the dildo was almost popping out as we moved "fro." 

I climaxed first. It was intense – real intense. I no longer had the strength to reciprocate and just buried my head in the mattress while remaining on my knees. Linda continued pumping, and came about a minute later. She had an earth-shattering orgasm.; it would have been an 8 on the Richter scale if it were an earthquake! By the time that she had stopped moving and was moaning into the mattress, I had rallied slightly and wiggled my ass and gently moved it back and forth, each of my movements resulting in a pleasure groan from Linda. It was probably fifteen minutes more before we both withdrew from the dildo, which by then was as slick and slippery as black ice.

We snuggled together and promptly fell asleep, the combination of a sex all-nighter the previous evening, and this over-the-top experience, having drained every ounce of energy that we had. It was as smug and peaceful a sleep as I had ever experienced. 
