 After all the dreams, and daydreams, Ashley had involving Jess, she decided to put the effort into avoiding her friend. It wasn't easy, as the two lived together and were in some classes together, but Ashley found a way around spending a lot of time with the other girl. That even involved spending a lot of time in public places, where she thought she'd be safer from the thoughts. After all, it was far more difficult to drift off into her own thoughts when there were numerous people around.

That day was no exception, though it was harder to stay focused when there wasn't a lot of background noise to keep her from zoning out. Instead of spending a lot of time at home working on schoolwork, Ashley opted to hang out in the library and work on her school assignments there. It was going well, which was a surprise to Ashley. She only had a short paper to write and then she'd have finished every bit of schoolwork she had to do, but as she was pulling the requirements for the paper out of her bag, she noticed Jess standing nearby with her boyfriend.

When she noticed the other girl, Ashley tried to avoid meeting the other girls gaze. It was easy enough, as the paper she was working on was enough to maintain her interest. It was going fine until Jess laughed, and the sound sent chills up her spine. Letting a sigh out, Ashley left her things at the table, heading to the stairs that led up to a separate section of books.

Most of the books on this level were for majors like Psychology and Sociology, and most of the people majoring in those did most of their research online. Ashley always preferred being able to flip through the pages of a book, finding it was easier for her to focus that way. It was also nicer going through the books as hardly anyone went through these rows, so Ashley had quiet as she looked through the books, her fingers running over the spines of random books, reading the titles as she tried to find one that would help her with her paper. She didn't even hear the shuffling behind her until a hand was brushing hair off her shoulder and a soft pair of lips were pressed to the skin of her shoulder, making her close her eyes briefly, her grip on the book loosening and her hand falling to her side, the book falling to the floor next to her as she leaned into the figure, a small hum slipping out.

When the contact disappeared, Ashley turned around, raising an eyebrow when she saw it was Jess, finding herself backing up a bit, her back pressing against the bookshelf as she watched the other girl. "What're you doing up here? Would have expected you and..."

Before Ashley got a chance to finish, Jess had pressed a chaste kiss against the other girls' lips, stopping the thought process immediately. There were a few more chaste kisses, each kiss lasting longer, before Ashley threaded her fingers in her friends' hair, Jess pressing her body flush against Ashley's, a hand on her cheek and the other on her hip, bunching the dress up the longer they kissed. Ashley was the first to pull back, resting her head against the shelf behind her, eyes glazed over in pleasure, biting her lower lip as she felt Jess' fingers graze the skin of her thigh, her dress having been bunched up to her hips by the other girl.

Jess had Ashley pressed back against the bookshelf, minimizing the movement that the brunette could do, leaving Jess in total control of the situation. While Ashley was focused on the feeling of Jess' fingers against her skin, Jess started placing soft kisses down the side of her neck, occasionally biting the other girl gently, pulling quiet moans out of Ashley. Before Jess could place a mark on her neck, Ashley managed to push her back, though Jess kept her hold on the dress the other girl was wearing.

The dress was barely staying on though. The only reason it hadn't fallen off was because Ashley's arms hadn't straightened out, keeping the straps from falling down her arms. Jess couldn't help but take advantage of Ashley's decision to wear a dress. It gave her easier access, making it easier for her to do what she decided moments earlier.

Before Ashley had a moment to fully come to, Jess had knelt in front of her, the dress still hiked up around Ashley's hips, the other girl still leaning against the bookshelf. Glancing up at Ashley briefly, Jess pressed a small kiss to the other girls' hip, dragging her tongue down the crease of her leg when Ashley subtly spread her legs wider, sliding her free hand up the other girls' thigh, brushing her fingers against Ashley through her panties, rubbing a little harder, grinning against her skin as she heard her gasp.

Ashley could barely keep herself up as Jess pushed her panties to the side, slipping a finger into her as she licked her, pumping the single digit into her just enough to tease her, and Ashley couldn't help the whine that slipped at as she grinded against the finger and Jess' face, silently begging her to stop teasing. That just made Jess laugh as she stood back up, pulling Ashley into a heated kiss, pressing against her again, adding a second finger once Ashley was lost in the kiss, smiling her crooked smile as the brunette let her head fall back, her eyes shutting because of the new sensation.

Jess couldn't help how hot she was getting watching Ashley, her lower lip stuck between her teeth as she fucked her friend, fully aware that there was a chance they'd get caught. That's why, when Ashley started getting a little loud, Jess pressed a hand over her mouth, resting her forehead against the other girls' forehead, thrusting her fingers into Ashley faster, sensing the girl was close.

She was right, of course, and within minutes, Ashley was tensing under her, her walls spasming around her fingers as she went lax. Eventually, Jess pulled herself away, straightening Ashley's dress after she removed her fingers from her pussy, giving her a quick kiss, Ashley humming into Jess' mouth as she threaded a hand into her hair.

Seconds later, Ashley was back at the table, Jess standing next to her, wearing a concerned expression. "You okay?"

Looking between Jess and her boyfriend, Ashley shut the book in front of her, running a hand through her hair as she thought back to what she swore was reality. "I'll get back to you on that."