 The next time it happened, I was sitting in the lounge, working on some things for school. It'd been difficult trying to maintain a healthy balance with my school life, personal life, and work life. It didn't help matters that after the dream, I'd been on edge around Jess. She'd noticed a few times and asked if I was ok, but I skirted around the conversation, blaming it on school or work. Today was an especially difficult day. I'd had school and then work immediately after, and had only just gotten home and had to try to squeeze out two assignments before the next morning.

I was going through another moment of pure annoyance when Jess had walked in. Her mere presence changed the atmosphere completely, and I couldn't maintain my focus as she walked over, sitting down next to me, grabbing the remote, and turning on some random channel. I wasn't paying attention to that. My laptop was still on my lap, the page that contained my math assignments still open and waiting, but my focus was now on my best friend.

She'd only gotten more beautiful since the last dream I'd had of her, her hair an almost golden brown cascading past her shoulders in curly waves, and a small but very prominent crooked smile on her face as she watched the television with focus I only wished I could have.

She must have felt my eyes on her, because she turned towards me, a look of curiosity showing in her eyes. "What?" Shaking my head, I turned back to my computer, trying to focus again on my homework, knowing it was a moot point. My thoughts were already tainted by her: her face, her body, her very existence.

After a few moments of just staring at my screen, listening to Jess laughing at something on the television across the room, I decided I couldn't take it anymore. Setting my laptop on the table, I turned towards Jess, my hand going to the side of her face, quickly turning her face in my direction and kissing her, softly at first.

The feeling of her soft lips against mine brought a quiet hum from deep inside of me, and I couldn't help shifting, pulling Jess closer to me, a contented hum slipping out as she straddled my lap, her legs going around my waist as I shifted back further on the couch, my arms going around her waist, fingers slipping under her shirt and resting on her soft skin.

Within minutes, the kiss had grown heated, one of my hands having tangled itself in her hair, the other pushing her shirt up, letting out a frustrated moan as I had to separate myself from Jess long enough to pull the shirt up and over her head, tossing it to the side and quickly trailing soft kisses down the side of her neck, relishing in the quiet moans and sighs slipping past her lips. I knew better than to leave any marks. I knew Jess had a boyfriend, and he was a good friend of mine. I couldn't help it though, knowing how hot it would be to look back at her, seeing my mark on her skin, and it brought on a whole new wave of pleasure to course through my body as I started sucking a small bruise into her skin.

While doing that, I made quick work of removing her bra, tossing it to the side as well, my hands sliding up her back, fingers threading back into her hair while the other hand trailed back down, fingernails lightly trailing down her smooth skin, before resting around the middle of her back, shifting so she was laying down and I was hovering over her, drinking her in as I trailed my now free hands to the top of her shorts, my fingers just barely touching her skin as I did so.

I didn't want to rush the moment, wanting to just take in her beauty. Her eyes were just barely glazed over in pleasure, her lips parted and the most gorgeous shade of pink from moments earlier, but the moment she smiled that crooked smile at me, I was a goner. I couldn't do anything more than smile back at her, interlacing my fingers with hers when she reached up to me. "You're really fucking beautiful, you know."

The words had barely left my mouth when Jess had pulled me down to her, reacting by attaching her lips to mine in a brief kiss, attempting to distract me from the attempts she was making to remove my shirt. It was true that the playing field was far from fair, Jess being half naked by now while I'd not removed a single article of clothing, but that's exactly how I wanted it. After the dream I'd had of her, I wasn't about to let her take control. I was too worked up for that to happen, and I could only imagine the teasing that I was sure would happen if Jess managed to gain control. That was why, the moment I felt her hands tugging at my shirt, I pulled back with a small laugh, smiling down at her, shaking my head as I slipped down her legs, quickly undoing her shorts and tugging them down her slender legs, biting my lower lip as more of her skin was revealed to my hungry gaze.

After removing the last item of her clothing, and by far the most revealing, I grabbed her hand again, helping her up and back to our previous position, this time without the constrictions of clothing in my way. Within seconds, my lips were back on hers, my tongue exploring her mouth, a hand wrapped around her, palm flat against the skin of her lower back, while the other explored her body, trailing from her neck, down past her breasts, teasing her the way she'd teased me before, even if it had only been a dream.

Her body was shaking slightly as I worked her up, my fingers tweaking her nipples, palms massaging her breasts. She was already a mess long before my fingers ever touched her pussy, and I couldn't help but let out a groan at how wet she'd become just from the previous ministrations on her body.

It was a little difficult, with our current position, for me to move my hand the way I needed to please her, but I wasn't planning on letting her get away from me. Jess didn't seem to complain, her body complacent above me, arching as I slipped a finger inside her, using the palm of my hand to rub her clit as I pumped the digit inside of her, easily adding one, then two more fingers, groaning at how good she felt around them.

It didn't take long for Jess to reach her high, and I relished every sigh, gasp, and moan that slipped past her soft lips, groaning quietly to myself as her body tensed, her walls tightening around my fingers, a drawn-out moan echoing in my ears as she went lax in my arms, a contented hum and that damn crooked smile burning themselves into my mind.

That was, until I heard the door open and I jumped, my computer nearly falling of my lap as I looked over and saw Jess's boyfriend walk in.