 Alison Pope sat on her bed and looked across the room at her friend, Tibah Alfarsi. She could feel the butterflies in her tummy, they were alone in a safe and private place for the first time,ever.

"It was really lucky, your friend Phil having this room to let," she said to Tibah, "and at such a low rent."

"He says that if he looks after me now I will look after him when I am a partner in the firm and Debby wants to get rid of him," laughed Tibah.

"Will that ever happen?" asked Alison, suddenly feeling sad.

"Phil told me not to give up hope, Ali," Tibah replied.

"Yes, let's not think about that now."

Tibah picked up her voluminous bag and dipped into it, she pulled out a bottle of Champagne and held it up to show her friend.

"I bought this to toast your new home."

"Oh Tibby, that is so kind!" 

"Glasses?"

"Mugs?"

"O.k."

Alison got up from her bed, went over to the chest of drawers at the side of her room and opened the top drawer. She took out two mugs and placed them on her bedside cabinet. Tibah carefully popped the cork on the fizzy wine and gently poured it into the mugs. 

Tibah sat on the bed next to her friend and smiled at her, Alison smiled back.The two girls picked up the mugs of Champagne chinked them together and sipped it.

"Oh Tibby, this is so nice, having you all to myself in this lovely big house."

"Yes, no-one at home but us."

"You know I love you, don't you," Alison said to her friend.

"Yes, and I love you too," Tibah replied.

"I mean I love you completely, not like a sister but like a lover would."

"I know my darling, I feel exactly the same way. I have longed for this moment, when we would be alone together in a safe place, all alone with no-one to disturb us."

Alison took the mug of Champagne from Tibah and set it down next to hers on the cabinet. Alison stared into her friend's eyes as she leaned closer to her. Tibah responded by opening her mouth slightly and showing Alison the tip of her tongue.

The two eighteen year olds kissed properly for the first time, not just a peck, not just a lingering smooch, but full-on bruise-your-lips snogging with a passion.

They both let out little mewing sounds as they aroused each other with their kissing. They put their hands on each other and rubbed up and down.

Tibah leaned into Alison and she fell back onto the bed. Tibah swivelled round and leaned over her, keeping the pressure on her mouth, her tongue exploring Alison's mouth and Alison's tongue dancing with it.

Alison put her hands on Tibah's arms and pushed her up and off of her. She stared into Tibah's eyes.

"Undress for me," she said imploringly.

The young Iraqi stood up and took her clothes off. She did not do it hurriedly, nor did she try and 'tease' her lover, he just undressed in a normal fashion. Alison watched, a look of desire on her face.

Tibah stood, naked, in front of Alison, her hands at her sides.

"You are so beautiful," Alison told her, "I don't know what you see in me."

"Don't be silly," Tibah replied, "you are the beautiful one, just ask anyone who was at school with us."

Alison sat up on the bed and began to undress, Tibah stood and watched as she removed her clothes. Alison got up from the bed to take off her jeans and panties and Tibah climbed into bed and pulled the duvet over herself.

Alison turned to get back into bed but Tibah held the duvet down.

"Let me look at you," she said, "I want to look at you."

Alison stood in front of her, smiling self-consciously, her hands covering her small firm boobs. Tibah pulled back the duvet and Alison climbed into bed beside her. The kissing started again.

Tibah put her right hand on Alison's left breast and began to rub it with a circular motion. Alison fell back, breaking the kiss and Tibah leaned down and put her mouth to Alison's right breast. Alison sighed as she felt her lover's hand and mouth on her body.

Having made Alison's nipples stiff, Tibah took her mouth away and began to kiss her way down Alison's flat tummy. Alison put her hands on Tibah's back and caressed her.

As Tibah's kisses got to Alison's blonde bush she opened her legs and sighed longingly. Tibah put her tongue to Alison's labia and began to lick.

"Oh Tibby," she sighed, "I have dreamed about this for ages."

Tibah got her tongue in between Alison's inner lips and lapped up the juice that was flowing from her.

"Oh God Tibby," she sighed again, "I am so in love with you."

Tibah's tongue found it's way to Alison's clitoris and she let out a little squeak as she felt herself being brought off.

"Oh yes!" she cried, "oh Tibby!"

Tibah did not have any experience of cunnilingus, but Alison was so excited by their first time that she came as if she was being serviced by an expert.

"Oh my! Oh MY! OH MY!" she shouted aloud as she experienced an earth shattering climax.

Tibah surfaced from under the duvet, her face driping with Alison's ejaculate. She looked into her lover's eyes and smiled.

"Nice?"

"Oh Tibby, it was just perfect."

"Will you do it to me now?"

"Of course, but I don't know if I will be any good."

Tibah lay on her back and opened her legs, Alison threw back the duvet and took a long look at her lover. She ran her hand over Tibah's boobs, pausing to rub her nipples. She stroked Tibah's ribcage and her flanks and ran her hand along her hip.

Tibah took hold of her hand and held it to her jet black pubic bush. Alison stroked the wiry hair and then leaned over and kissed it.

"I love you Ali," Tibah said softly, "I love you so much."

Alison slid down the bed and positioned her head between Tibah's thighs, then she poked out her tongue and began to lick, just like Tibah had done to her.

"Mmmm,Yes," murmured Tibah as Alison's tongue explored her cunt.

"Yes, just there," she said as Alison's tongue found her clitoris.

"Oh yes!" she exclaimed as, after a couple of minutes she felt her insides start to burn.

"OH YES, YES,YES!!" she squealed as her body was wracked with convulsions and she sprayed her lover's face with ejaculate.

"Oh wow!" said Alison, "that seemed to work, didn't it."

Tibah lay panting, her body exhausted by the strength of the orgasm she had just experienced.

"Goodness Ali," she said, between pants, "how did you learn to do that?"

"I just did what came naturally Tibby," she replied.

Alison wriggled back up the bed and took Tibah in her arms. She gave Tibah a big hug.

"Everything is going to be alright, Tibby," she said, reassuringly, "it just has to be."

"Please don't lose me this time Ali, please don't lose me," said Tibah.

Neither of them realised what Tibah had said then, they just lay there together, both of them the happiest they had been in their lives.