 Janet

I was nervous as a schoolgirl anticipating her first real date as I sat waiting for April to arrive. Having to do an open house, I was dressed in my customary realtor uniform; black suit with a tight pencil skirt that hugged my hips and thighs. However in anticipation of our rendezvous I'm going commando. 

When Nicole first mentioned that the young woman who was interested in dating me was a stripper I was more than a little nervous. But my worries about entering a relationship with an exotic dancer quickly turned to lust as Nicole took me to the club and I saw the seductive creature on stage. Every male was captivated by her beauty yet none could have her, the young sirens interests were with me.

After our introductions we spent some time together as any new couple would. My admirer was relentless in her pursuit going to great lengths to prove her desire for a relationship. It was during this courtship that I got my first experience with sexting. Every day April would send me a picture showing she was thinking of me and telling me what she was going to do on our date. I even sexted back a few times at the advice and insistence of Nicole, my daughter's girlfriend and my secret partner.

Taking a drink, I quickly returned the glass to the table as I saw my paramour enter. She was dressed in the same tight fitting sweater, mini skirt and heels she wore in the photo she sent me this morning. I could not help think of the picture of her holding up the front of the skirt showing she was going commando. The caption "Cannot wait for lunch, I'll bring dessert," still burning in my memory.

Standing up I grabbed both of her hands before attempting to kiss her cheek. A slight giggle escaping her lips as she maneuvered to make contact with my mouth.

"Hello, Janet," stated April as she sat across from me. "Did you get my text this morning?"

"Yes, I did," I replied excited to see the image I was lusting after all morning come to life before me. "I have to say it inspired me to do the same."

"Really, I'm glad I was able to inspire you," cooed April, the smile on her lips more from the secret that the photo was taken by my daughter Alice after she spent the night. 

The conversation continued as we ate. April being very interested in even the most boring parts of my life. However I was still coming to grips with everything that had changed. At the insistence of my daughters girlfriend I had brought another woman into my marriage, a woman very interested in talking my place in my husbands bed. As an award for this betrayal Nicole seized his place as my mate and declared me a lesbian. Her thirst for carnal adventure placing me in this relationship with April. A very sexual girl looking for an older someone, a woman, to have an affair with. 

"So tell me, inquired April, "why do I make you so nervous?" 

"It's not you really," I responded looking around the room, "it's us". I mean people seeing us, me. I'm married and old enough to be your mother. I guess I'm nervous about the attention and what they think."

"I can understand that," replied April. "My last lover was caught by his wife, and she was not happy. Are you worried about your partner finding out about us?"

"What! No," I responded comfortable in the knowledge that Nicole was very agreeable to this relationship, not even thinking about Peter. "That is not an issue, it's more people assuming why someone so young and beautiful is with someone as old as me." 

"Don't be," stated April. "In fact we can have some fun with it. We can play mommy daughter! We do look alike and you did say you are old enough to me my mother. I will call you mom and you can call me sweety. That way everyone will think we are just a close family." 

"All of the other woman will be jealous of our close relationship," whispered April as she leaned in. "In fact I kind of like the mommy fantasy." 

So that's her kink, and looking across the table April did look like she could be my daughter, I fact with her auburn hair almost matching mine she looked more like me than Alice. "Yes it does sound like fun," I replied thinking of the two of us walking around in public and people thinking nothing of it. 

"Sorry about your last relationship," I continued. I hope it was not too bad.

"Oh it wasn't," laughed April. "I was only in it for the gifts and was kind of glad it's over, men are so boring. A bit of a shame though. Here he paid to have a stage and stipper pole built into the living room of the condo he bought me and never got to see me use it. Would you like to see it?"

I could only nod as I watched her playfully suck on her straw.

_______

Alice

"Wow! We look so hot," exclaimed Vicky as she ran her hands over her hips. 

Part of Nicole's demands for allowing Vicky to take me as her wedding date was Nicole got to pick our dresses. Given her perverted nature Nicole had decided to dress us both similarly and different. Similar in that both dresses were made of the same purple metallic shimmery material. Different in the cut of the dresses. Vicky's had a neckline that plunged into a deep V that bared the milky valley of her busem and continued to just above her pubic bone while completely covering her back. Mine was the exact opposite, with a high neckline that completely covered my chest but left my back completely exposed plunging so deep that you could see ass cleavage in a sexy play on plumber's butt. The skirts for each dress were floor length sheaths that would have been impossible to walk in if not for the slits. For Vicky running up the back to just under her ass, and mine running up the front and ending within inches of my crotch. 

Already caught by Vicky looking at her chest, I focused my attention on my own image in the mirror. I nervously bit my glossy pink lips, done up to match Vicky's, as I held my hands in front of my crotch knowing that any move threatened exposure. Nicole had forbidden us from wearing underwear adding to my humiliation. Even though this dress had more material than anything I had worn since I started dating Nicole I never felt more naked. There is something about revealing clothes that makes you feel more exposed than if you were wearing nothing at all. Forcing you to remain on the fence. Not quite exposed but leaving you feeling that any moment some part of your body can be inadvertently displayed only to begin all over again. With the top of my ass exposed it was obvious that I was not wearing panties and with the slit of the dress cut so high, leaving a band of material of only five inches running completely around my hips, flashing my crotch was inevitable. 

"Yes, the two of you are going to be the toast of the party," added Nicole. Now hold hands and look straight into the eyes of each other's reflection. I want to make sure I can get a photo showing both the fronts and backs of those exquisite dresses. 

____

Janet

I leaned back into the leather recliner placed before the stage in April's condo, my eyes focused on my young siren spinning around the chrome pole to the beat of the music. For me it was all so surreal. Here I was, a married woman, now a cougar, sitting in the living room of what would be considered my kept woman and kitten as she, a professional stripper, danced for me. The scenery was a melding of the intimacy of one's home and the carnal nature of a den of ill repute. The backdrop was a stage set for an erotic performance yet for an audience of one, a private dance by an artist for her lover.

Even the characters seemed unusual as I stared at my seducer, a young woman dressed to please as she danced before me, her intent clear. I sat mesmerized, my shirt unbuttoned exposing my bra, and my skirt discarded as I gently caressed the dildo strapped to my hips and sticking up obscenely as its concealed end buried within my pussy slowly stirred my juices. 

As the song ended April stood naked, her attention now focused on me. With the start of a more upbeat song April stepped towards me and began dancing mere feet from my chair. Her hairless crotch, now within arm's reach, glistened from her secretions evidencing she was just as aroused from her performance as I was. Tentatively I reach out and let her rub herself on my extended fingers. With a naughty smirk she took hold of my hand and pushed my fingers deep within her as she released a lust filled moan. Pulling back, my fingers slid out covered in her juices. Bending forward she once again took my hand in hers and slipped my fingers into her mouth it suck off the sweet nectar. 

With our eyes locked it seemed as though time had stopped as she dropped between my legs and pulled my hips to the edge of the chair. The purple phallus rising from my groin between us as she reached up and place her hand over mine and we slowly stroked its length like some magical idol. Releasing her grasp April stood up and pushed my legs together forcing my vaginal walls to tighten around the shaft embedded within me. It felt so unnatural to press my thighs together in anticipation of sex. As a woman I'm used to opening myself up the be entered by my lover. However this time my lover was straddling my closed legs, her sex open and positioned above my penis. With one hand on my shoulder and the other on the dildo she slowly began to lower her body. A sharp gasp escaped from her mouth as her slit came in contact with the appendage and turned into a low moan as it sunk deeper into her passageway. 

As her pelvis reached the base of the dildo, April kept her hands on my shoulders as she rested, allowing her body to accommodate to the appendage now linking us. We stared into each other's eyes as April leaned in for a kiss. It wasn't long before the passionate embrace turned into a heated free for all as our tongues danced in each others mouths. Stepping up her game April started oscillating her hips causing the appendage held firmly within us to slowly stroke our desires.

Breaking from my embrace April carefully lifted herself several inches, her pussy making a slurping sound as air tried to fill the void vacated by the dildo only to be replace by a hard grunt as April impaled herself once again. Now accustomed to the size and shape Alice entered a steady rhythm bouncing up and down, the slurping sound now accompanied by our moans. 

As April quickened her pace she released her firm grip on my shoulders to grab my wrists and push my hands against her breasts. Understanding her message I began to pinch and need her luscious mounds as the bounced before me. Happy with my actions April hands released mine and worked their way under my bra to grope my own swollen breasts. 

With each piston like stroke April drove the dildo deep into her passageway causing our clits to be crushed between our pelvic bones. The movement of her hips causing the member embedded within me to rock stirring my juices and the harness to rub against my stimulated clit. This was repeated over and over until I felt her body tense up. Arching her back April let out a deep moan as the intense orgasim ripped through her body. Grabbing me tightly I felt her whole body shiver as she came triggering my own climax. 

_____

Alice

"Hay are you okay?" inquired Vicky as we walked towards the door of the reception hall. 

"Yes, I'm fine," I replied, "just a little nervous."

"Well I hope it is not because of me," stated Vicky taking hold of my hand.

"What! No!," I answered. "It's just this is my first wedding and I'm a little scared about this dress."

I have to agree," laughed Vicky. "These are not the dresses I would have picked for the event. I feel more like a model at an auto show than a guest at a wedding. But don't worry, after our initial entrance all the attention will go back to the bride and groom and we can fade into the background."

Stopping Vicky turned towards me and held both my hands. "Look I know you jumped into the lesbian thing and your unique relationship with Nicole at the same time. That can be pretty overwhelming, especially for a teenager. But you came to terms with who you are and accepted it no regrets, that can make anyone nervous. I'm just glad I get to share you."

"Thank you", I responded. More to the comment about fading into the background than Vicky's acceptance of me. I could not tell her the real reason I was nervous. That I was heterosexual and not the least bit gay. That my whole perverted relationship with Nicole was forced on me by her cousin Susan, who was threatening to tip the feds that it was my parents who blew the whistle on the university's military research. That if anyone found out I was not 100% into my relationship with Nicole, my girlfriend and my mistress my parents would go to jail. If I told Vicky I was not interested in her or anything we did would she help me keep up the charade? 

"Happy to have you by my side," she responded leaning in to give me a soft kiss. "How lets go in there and get this party started."

Vicky's assessment of the bride was right, she was not happy to see her especially the way we were dressed. In fact she pushed us off the receiving line before Vicky could say hello to the groom or even introduce me. Fortunately, for me least, she placed us in one of the back tables away from prying eyes with only three other guests, two of which could not make it due to illness. I was just happy to be sitting, my exposed back pressed against the chair and my exposed thighs and crotch covered by my napkin and the tablecloth. That was until I heard her voice.

"Nicole!?!"

Looking up I saw Holly, dressed as one of the bride's maids. Holly the sister of the bride. Holly the teacher Nicole and I met at the adult store when Nicole was picking out the dildo that was to take my virginity. Holly the woman Nicole talked into buying a beltless strap-on as a gift for her sister's bachelorette party. 

"No Alice," I was finally able to squeek.

"You two know each other," inquired Vicky.

"In a way," responded Holly. "Alice and Nicole talked me into buying a rather intimate gift for my sister".

"Yeh that sounds like Nicole," laughed Vicky.

"Well my sister did not like it," growled Holly. "It was the first gift she opened at the party and made a big issue that she did not need such a thing as she had Tom for that. And as I currently did not have a boyfriend that I should keep it so it could be of some use."

"That bitch!" shot Vicky. 

After that Vicky and Holly talked and drank as they bonded over the their stories about the bride. It seems that Holly was anxious for some form of release. The breakup with her boyfriend just as the wedding planning went into high gear and all the stress her sister but on her was finally over and she was able to breath and enjoy herself again. It was only by chance that this happened while she was sitting with two leabians. I was delighted to be able to fall into the background only participating occasionally in their conversation. How good the groom was in bed from Vicky and how Carmon, Holly's fellow teacher and mentor, who accompanied her to the adult store had been flirting and coming on to her ever since. It seems that Carmon was bi herself and had a thing for Holly. I wanted to warn her against ignoring her behavior. However being forced to project an aggressive lesbian persona I simply supported Vicky's position that a little office romance could be just what she needed.

______

Janet

Standing before the mirror I nervously checked my appearance wanting to make sure everything was perfect for Nicole's arrival. Before Nicole, I was never one to be overly concerned with my appearance however now I lived for the girls approval. As instructed I wore a black with red polka dot nylon vintage housewife dress. The halter neck showing off my shoulders and bust, the tight bodice holding up my breasts without the need of a bra. The A line skirt ending a bit above the knee, held out by a petticoat. A wide leather belt clinching my waist, red four inch heels and a red half apron completed the look of a 1950s pin up girl/housewife. My hair and makeup done with a high bun and red lipstick to match the dress and shoes.

I have come to learn that not only does Nicole like to be in charge, but she has a flair for theatrics and likes erotic role play. My character is that of the obedient housewife, not to my husband but to my 'stage' spouse Nicole. She went to far as to have me dress in my original bridal gown and conduct a ceremony nullifying my marriage and pledging myself to her as her mate. Nicole even endowed me with a new set of wedding bands to symbolize our union. Bands only she is allowed to remove, like a collar secured around my neck identifying me as hers. My old rings locked away in a steel box buried deep in the basement.

Nicole's arrival for dinner is just another scene of our performance. Nicole was very explicit in what she wanted. A dinner and spouse that would fit right into the plot of Madmen and I was to play the part of the doting wife. Even with the absurdity of a 45 year old married woman playing the wife to the 18 year old girl that is dating her daughter could not stop my portrayal, I craved a dom/sub relationship too much. I loved how Nicole had taken total control of my life, in effect becoming the matriarch. She writes the script for my performance. Any illusion of choice or free will on my part is simply what is written into my character. Nicole decides when and where we have sex and I simply comply with her wishes, it is my duty as a spouse to never refuse or disobey her.

The opening of the front door was like the opening of the curtain. Show time.

______

Alice

I was able to convince Vicky to let me stay seated during the bucay toss. When it was over Holly returned to the table flowers in hand, followed by the photographer, who no doubt wanted more pictures of Vicky in her dress.

"So why didn't you come up with us Alice," asked Holly taking another drink of wine. "Afraid Nicole would be mad? Or afraid of what Vicky might do if you caught it?"

I cringed at the thought of marrying Nicole. "Nicole would probably be laugh if I did, but we have agreed our relationship will end when we go our separate ways to college and Vicky and I are just friends," I quickly replied. "It's just I was worried about my dress and what I would show reaching for the bucay."

"You're dressed like that and worried about flashing your panties," laughed Holly.

"Not her panties," injected Vicky, "neither of us are wearing any."

"What! No," responded Holly and in her drunken state reached down to pull the napkin from my lap exposing my crotch. 

"You're not wearing underwear in that dress," continued Holly unaware of my embarrassment. "You are one audacious woman!"

"Yes it seems you are the only one wearing underwear at the table," purred Vicky as she started to become bolder. "And what are your plans, as you are the one who caught the bucay? Are you interested in our sexy little Alice, hummm? Or are you excited about what I might do."

"What! Do here," exclaimed Holly, the confidence she had while teasing me now gone.

"Does the idea arouse you?" breathed Vicky as she ran her hand down Holly's thigh. Holly remained quiet as she focused on Vicky's actions doing nothing to stop the advance. 

My attention was so focused on what was happening before me that I completely forgot about my own exposure, the napkin that protected my modesty laying on the floor. Twisting to get a better view, I unconsciously opened my thighs giving a better view of my now moist pussy. Out of habit my body started to become flush with arousal as I watched the lesbian seduction before me. 

Reaching her knee Vicky slowly began pulling up the hem of Holly's dress exposing more and more of the legs. "You know it doesn't seem fair that you are not participating in our tables little secret," whispered Vicky. "Something I think we need to correct."
