 As I reach the door I let out a sigh as I prepared to enter a new chapter of depravity in what my life had become. It all started a few months ago when Susan, the friend of my then best friends boyfriend, invited us to a party. The only catch, I had to be the date for Susan's cousin Nicole. I never really liked David and not just because he came between me and Kim, my only real friend, he also had a very weird vibe to him. Susan was even worse giving me the feeling she was truly evil and I made sure Kim knew my feelings. If I only knew then how right I was. It was during that charade that Susan told me that Kim had told her my secret, that my parents were the ones who broke into the lab and exposed the government's research and she would tell the police if I did not play the part of Nicole's love sick girlfriend, a lesbian with a desire for BDSM and voyeurism. 

Thanks to Nicole's cunning manipulation, my parents and everyone else now thinks I'm a full fledged lesbian with only my tormentor knowing I'm a heterosexual. At the time I was a virgin in every sense of the word, a complete novice when it came to sex never having dated or even kissed a boy. The most ironic thing is I still haven't, but I've given in to the realization that doing anything with a boy is my only first left. Nicole claimed my first kiss and my virginity, leaving virtually nothing in the way of sexual milestones. She had even made me become sexually active with other women, most notability Vicky a hooters waitress, a stripper named April who likes to pretend we are sisters, and Annette a costume and latex loving MILF.

It was when I accompanied Annette to her office that I first met Lisa, her secretary. I was nervous from being in a strange place with the woman I was having a secret sexual relationship with and when Annette introduced us I subconsciously started to assess her sexually, a habit Nicole had instilled on me. I lingered too long on her breasts and Annette noticed my exploring eyes. Believing I was a young lesbian coming out of her shell, Annette interpreted my stare as lust and wanted to see if Lisa would be interested in me as well. Sitting with Lisa I had no intention of starting anything but having been told been told I was a lesbian and my embarrassing infatuation with her breasts the conversation quickly turned to sex. Before I was able to change the subject Lisa saw rope marks on my wrist and believing I was not seeing anyone assumed it was from self bondage. She then admitted her own fascination with the kinky behavior and her desire to try it with a partner, even if it was with another woman. 

My hope of turning her down before Nicole found out was dashed when she sent me a short text. "I cannot wait until we get together and share our hobby, I'll bring the rope :)." With that one text I lost. Deep down I knew I would not be able to keep her a secret. With the control Nicole had over my life and the monitoring Susan did of my cell phone there was no way I could not reveal Lisa to them. 

As usual Nicole had taken control, interrogating me about our interaction and directing things to fulfill her own perverted lust. So after a round of texts between Nicole, under my name, and Lisa I'm now at the door of Lisa's apartment, with a gym bags of tricks, where she should have tied herself to her bed. 

Knowing how important that first wow factor is, Nicole made sure I looked perfect. Spending the morning at the salon my makeup was done in a very sultry style and my hair fluffed and teased. Nicole had also chosen a black leather sleeveless dress that zipped up the front and while snug at the hem and shoulders was tight and unyielding throughout making it hard to breath. While uncomfortable, I looked like a tigress stalking her prey, a fitting image of a sexy young dom. 

With a shaking hand I reached into the side pocket of the gym bag and pulled out the small earpiece. Tucking it in my ear and hidden under my hair I open my phone and dial the number. Given everything I had to do today this was by far the worst.

"Hello my lesbian slut," purred Susan. Are you ready for your little adventure?" The sound from the ear piece making Susan sound almost god like.

"As ready as I'll ever be," I snapped back.

"Now that is not a very nice way to respond to your betters," shot Susan, "especially ones who can destroy your life. You should be excited to get your mouth on another delicious pussy. Remember you are a lesbian slut. Now! Are you ready for your lesbian adventure?"

"Yes miss Susan," I responded with a fake level of excitement knowing what she could do.

"Good," continued Susan. "Are you at her door?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Open it," she commanded.

Reaching out I carefully turn the knob. I had never been to Lisa's apartment and was not very comfortable about walking into a strange home. Especially not being completely sure it was Lisa's.

"Lisa?" I squeaked out.

"Alice? Finally, I'm in the bedroom." responded Lisa, the sexual arousal clear in her voice.

"Mmmm, she sounds like she is very anxious," laughed Susan. "Now take it slowly. After all this is technically your first date. Let her wait before you make your grand entrance. Start the video so your accommodating girlfriend can watch your performance."

Susan's statement felt like a knife. If you enter the apartment of a woman who was tied naked to a bed with the expectation of having sex it is not just a first date. Taking my phone I activated the video link to Nicole. She insisted on watching my whole seduction and requested I broadcast it over video chat. With access to my phone it also meant Susan would be able to see everything as well. Neither Lisa nor Nicole would know Susan was directing me through the hidden earpiece. To both it would look like like I was the one in charge.

"Ok slut, remember you're an evil lesbian. I want to see you playing the part of an experienced lesbian dom with a sweet straight girl in your clutches. You do have experience right?" laughed Susan. "If you are not convincing or do not get your target pledging her soul to you before you bring her to the greatest orgasm of her life I have some photos your future college classmates will be very interested in seeing."

The idea of Susan sending erotic photos of me to my future college terrified me. As much as I disliked being intimate with women I had become almost numb to it, making me feel more like an undercover agent than myself. Making sure the camera of my phone stuck out of the side pouch of the gym bag I put a smirk on my face and strutted into the bedroom. My facade cracked the moment I approached the bedroom. "Wow," escaped my lips as I saw Lisa naked and tied spread eagle just as Nicole had requested.

"Wow indeed," laughed Susan. "How many guys would kill to be in your place? I mean having a woman you just met tied naked to a bed waiting for you to do with her what you will. How do you find them? Now place the camera so we get a good view of the show."

'Yes,' I thought to myself. 'How did I get into this mess?' Looking around I spot a dresser to the left of the bed and place the bag on top.

"Perfect," stated Susan confirming my placement of the camera. "Now strut like a streetwalker to the far side of the bed and say hello to your newest lover."

Knowing what Susan wanted, I slowly move to the other side of the bed, never letting my eyes leave Lisa's body. I scanned her carefully, knowing Nicole could ask me almost anything about her. Naked and tied spread eagle she was completely exposed, her body glistening with sweat. While a little heavyset, Lisa had amazing curves with a shapely hip to ass ratio. A curly bush covered her pubic area with a thick pink string sticking out, hinting something mechanical was adding to her arousal. But what held my attention were her breasts, most likely a large D cup with light pink areolas. They looked amazing as they rose up from her chest and even laying down seemed to defy gravity. 

"Well, it looks like you did a very good job tying yourself," I purred leaning over the bed and caressing the leather restraint securing Lisa's wrist to the bed. "Can you get out on your own?"

"No, I'm trapped until you release me," gasped Lisa, her eyes were focused on mine and I could see the lust in them. She was desperate for release and she didn't care from who or what, she just needed to cum. 

"Show time," barked Susan. "Give her a compliment."

"You look sexy naked," I stated knowing her weight was probably making her nervous about being naked, as my fingers danced down her arm. I watched as my bright red nails traced there way to Lisa's chest and scratched around the base of her breast. Her deep gasp masking my own as my hands slid around her breasts. 

I was still getting used to my preferences in women. Being small chested I was always envious and fascinated by larger breasts. Now I got the explore them in all their forms. However it was still the big ones that seemed to hold my curiosity. I wanted to pull my hands away, but I knew that was not an option. Instead I mentally made the most of it as I cupped them and pushed them around. They were so different from my own; soft, round and fleshy. You could feel their weight, almost like gel filled pillows. Lisa let out a gasp when my fingers circled her nipples and she quivered from my touch. I imagined my lips around her nipples, sucking and licking them.

"These are incredible," I absentmindedly whispered

"I'm so close, please...," begged Lisa as she arched her back attempting to press her breasts into my hands.

I shook my head clearing out the thought as I pulled my hands away from her breasts. I did not want to fantasize about other women. I'm not a lesbian, no matter what everyone else thought. I like boys, not girls. This is all just an act. However the wetness in my own crotch was hard to reconcile with my proclamation. The months of conditioning was making my body react to other women just as if I was attracted to them.

"NO... PLEASE..." whimpered Lisa as she struggled against her bindings. "I was so close!"

"I knew you were a breast girl but wow," stated Susan. "Any guy who could do that would never be single again."

I didn't need Susan to point it out. Even being forced, I was still embarrassed by my infatuation with women's breasts. And this time I had almost made Lisa orgasm by just playing with hers. The poor girl must have been close to cumming for a long time and just needed a little push. Not good, as Nicole said I needed to keep her on edge for at least 30 minutes. Knowing I needed to slow her down I turned my attention to the pink object sticking out of her pussy. 

"You seem to be a little too revved up," I stated to my captive. "It won't be much fun if you cum too soon."

Even with everything I have done, physical contact with another woman's pussy was still something my mind couldn't accept. In a way it pushed my fascination with tits and asses. A large amount of female clothing is designed to display a woman's breasts and the main purpose of a tight pair of pants is to showcase her ass and hips. These were both physical attributes that make women attractive and can be admired by straight women. 

But a woman's vagina is her secret garden. It is the organ that represents sex and is usually hidden from view to all but her lovers. Even in the skimpiest of bikinis a womans tits and ass will be on display but her crotch will still be covered. In the minds of young boys everywhere putting your hand on a woman's vagina is considered 3rd base and sexual intercourse a homerun. There is no way around it, when I have my mouth on another woman's pussy we are having sex, scoring a run for the home team.

"What is this little toy," I enquire as my finger touches the tip of the pink wand. 

"It's called a pleasure mouse," breathed Lisa, trying to regain her composure. "It's a vribrator controlled by my cell phone."

"Very interesting," chirped Susan. "Have her tell you more."

"What a fascinating little toy," I responded. "You have a little mouse to play in your pussy."

"Oh I love that," echoed Susan in my head. "Tell her she is your pet pussy cat."

"So if you enjoy playing with a mouse that makes you a pussy cat. Are you willing to be my pet kitty," I stated following Susan's directive as I twisted the little stem around. 

"Yes," moaned Lisa as she tried to move her hips to enhance the movement of the mouse. "I'll be your pet kitty, just please let me cum."

"All in good time my pet," I continued as I grabbed the end of the vibrator's tail with the intent of pulling it out.

"Ask her to give you her phone and passcode," shot through my head as Susan gave me another order. "I have already started downloading the app to your phone. It seems that a pleasure mouse can be remotely controlled and the user can surrender the ability to control it." 

"Kitty," I said in a nervous voice. "Where is your phone."

"On my nightstand next to the bed," replied Lisa.

Looking to my left I spotted the phone laying in front of the clutter covering the top. Reaching out I picked up the phone. "What is your passcode?" I inquired, my hands now completely off of her body.

"What are you planning to do?" asked Lisa nervously.

"Tell her it's none of her business," ordered Susan.

"It should be obvious kitty," I purred thinking Susans order was a bit to harsh. "Now your passcode please".

"225467," replied Lisa.

Once in I went to the app and added my phone number to the mouses access list as Susan directed. I then transferred primary control to me and removed Lisa's. For all intents and purposes Lisa no longer had any control over her sex toy. As I watched I could see Susan manipulating my phone and taking control of the pleasure mouse as the unexpected reving up caused Lisa to moan.

"Tell her she is not allowed to change her passcode," barked Susan and she continued to play with the settings.

Wanting to keep the fact that there was another woman controlling our intimate liaison and at least one more watching, I kept Lisa's phone in my hand as I started to caress the side of her breasts once again. "You do know you are not allowed to change your passcode," I softly stated as I was drawn into playing with her breasts yet again. It was an old nervous reaction I had since a kid. If I had to do something I truly did not want to do I would always focus on the least negative part and build it into something I enjoyed. In Susans and Nicole's little games it had become breasts and added to my infatuation with them. 

"Okay," responded Lisa as she too was becoming lost in my playing with her breasts.

"Now I think it's time your new lover gets to see the whole you," giggled Susan. "Stand up and drop the dress." 

For once today the playful smirk on my face was not acting. I spent most of my childhood getting undressed in front of girls, changing for ballet. And thanks to the public places Nicole had me naked, removing my dress in Lisa's bedroom was not as humiliating as Susan thought it was. If anything I would be happy to get it off as Nicole's desire for it to be tight fitting made the fou leather dress very snug.

Making a show for the camara I slide my hand up the front of my dress and grasp the chrome ring attached to the zipper and give it a tug. The high neck collar releases its tight grip of my throat as I take an unrestricted breath. The gentle sound could easily be heard in the quiet room as the zipper made its way down causing the dress to pull apart revealing my naked body.

Now it was Lisa's turn to assess me. I could see her eyes scanning my body, studying me like a piece of art standing before her. I wondered if she was attracted by my A cup breasts and petite body for the same reason I was attracted to hers, you like what you don't have. I knew large breasts made it hard to do a number of things and society adores skinny women. Would Lisa like to give up her curves for my body? Did she find me attractive? 

Not wanting to dwell on the fact that two heterosexual woman were sexually assessing each other I moved back towards the bed, knowing this time we were both naked. As I opened my legs to straddle Lisa's hips I could feel her flesh below, the softness of her skin against the sides of my legs. Looking down I could see the nervousness and lust on her face. She was scared too but did not want to turn back.

"Ask her if she has ever kissed a woman," ordered Susan, shattering the quietness in my head. 

"Have you ever kissed a woman before?" I ask as my hands caress her sides.

"No," whispered Lisa in reply, "you will be my first."

'You will be my first' a statement that has come to define my life. Since this whole sexual adventure started I have done almost every first imaginable and have been a number of first experiences for more woman than I can track. No longer wanting to think about it I lean forward letting my hair fall around her face giving us at least a bit of privacy as I give Lisa a soft tender kiss. 

"Mmmmm, your lips are soft," giggled Lisa as I pulled back. 

For a girl's first time I found a simple tender kiss was best. It's quick, innocent, and shatters the taboo of kissing another girl. Nicole's lessons in the art of kissing had been quite extensive. For women the kiss starts long before their lips meet. It begins with the image we build in the minds of our partner through their senses of touch, sight, scent and sound. Which is why Nicole spends so much time crafting my image. Once you have won the mental battle the kiss is just crossing the finish line.

Our second kiss is far more passionate, lasting longer as our tongues swirled in each others mouths mixing our saliva. After what seemed like an eternity I straighten up and we look into each other eyes and catch our breath. As I contemplate what was next I realized that my palms were resting on her breasts. Nervous and not knowing what to do it took me a few moments to move my hands away and rub the sides of her torso. 

"It looks like you are really into her," purred Susan, "and cannot keep your hands off of her huge titties so why don't you go back to playing with them."

I shifted my body down so I was straddling Lisa's hips as I brought my hands back to her breasts. Having to open my legs to accommodate Lisa's spread thighs my crotch settles over her pubic mound. A deep gasp escapes my lips as I feel the vibrations from the mouse enter my body. 

"Yes, you like them don't you," hissed Susan. "You like playing with big titties. Now pinch them I want to hear her moan.

Yes, that's it," continued Susan as I took her nipples between my fingers and Lisa let out a deep groan. "Look at those luscious mounds. You like the fact that they are yours now don't you? An ample set of breasts for you to play with, so much bigger than your own."

'I'm not a lesbian, I'm not a lesbian,' I kept repeating in my head as my hands continued to play with anothers womans breasts. My breathing quickened as I continued play with her soft flesh as my own nipples hardened. My crotch was getting moist from the vibrations emanating from Lisa's groin. When did my mind shift from admiration of other women to lust and homosexuality? Here I was getting aroused from fondling and kissing another woman even as I knew I did not have any interest sexually. Would I ever fully break this conditioning?

"Tell her you love her breasts," commanded Susan breaking my inner reflection.

"I love your breasts," I repeated.

"Mmmmm, I can tell," cooed Lisa as she pressed her chest into my hands.

"Tell her you cannot wait to taste her delicious pussy," continued Susan.

"I cannot wait to taste you," I stated not willing to use Susan crude language.

"I cannot wait either," moaned Lisa as she tried grinding her hips into mine. "I so need to cum."
