 Alice - Friday, late evening

As I sat on the back of the motorcycle alone with my thoughts I could not help ponder the mess I was in. My parents, discovering the military research the university my father worked for was doing took it upon themselves to steal and release evidence forcing an embarrassing shutdown of the program. The one catch was the police had my moms fingerprints and a simple tip would put them away for a long time. Needing to talk to someone I told my best and only friend Kim. At the time she was dating David who I felt was a bad influence on her and I made sure she knew it. However before I was able to convince her to break up with him his friend Susan blackmailed me into dating her lesbian cousin Nicole. Now if I did not pretend that I was a submissive exhibitionist lesbian my parents would go to jail.

It was Nicole who playfully thought it would be entertaining if Kathy, her ex girlfriend, and I dressed ourselves as the pro cheerleaders for her lesbian biker big game watching party and sell football pool squares. The prizes were a weekend with the cheerleader selling the chances. Susan, wanting to make sure I did my best, threatened to release several naked photos of me if I did not outsell Kathy so to sweeten the pot I offered to spend Memorial Day weekend with the winner. 

Trish, the winner, decided to take advantage of the extra day with a road trip and I spent what felt like hours riding bitch on the back of her Harley. With my head confined in the helmet and the visor blacked out my only source of input is her body and the vibration of the powerful machine between my legs. 

When the motorcycle finally came to a stop Trish had to help me off, being effectively blindfolded and riding for so long I needed her assistance. Balancing on one leg my tight latex pants stretched as I was pulled my leg over the large bike. Standing firmly I let my leg muscles relax and worked the remove the helmet. As my eyes became used to the bright lights I gasped, "We're in Vegas!"

"That's right my pet," replied Trish in a sultry tone. "I cannot think of a better place to spend time with a sex slave then sin city."

I bit my lip as my body shivered from the statement. With no phone or money I was effectively trapped 

"Come my sweet," purred Trish "Lets get settled in." 

Moving towards the lobby I slowly regained feeling in my legs and the ben wa balls become noticeable again. Nicole dropped me off at Trish's house right from school so I met my 'owner' for the weekend wearing my school uniform. Trish slowly walked around me like a cat toying with her prey, her hand playfully gliding across my body. Stopping before me she gave me a mischievous smile as she moved her hand below my skirt and I felt the tip of her finger make contact with my uncovered vagina. 

On instinct I spread my legs and let out a sharp yelp that was quickly silenced when her mouth covered mine in a deep kiss. Our lips molded together as I gave in to her aggressive advance and my yelp turned into a muffled whimper as her finger pressed into my cavity. Trish pressed her advantage and slid her tongue deep into my mouth taking ownership. As she broke away we both gasped for breath, my body craving her touch.

She then commanded me to strip handing me a black leather bra and a pair of black latex pants. As I struggled to pull the tight garment up my legs Trish once again pulled me close, still wet from her finger she pushed the two ben wa balls easily into me before pulling the pants over my hips trapping them inside. A pair of knee high black leather boots and a tight fitting black leather jacket completed my ensemble. 

I looked out over the colorful casino floor as I waited for Trish to get the room, my hips swaying back and forth to keep ben wa balls moving. After so many hours without my sight and hearing the stimulation was overwhelming. As I looked over the waitresses in there erotic uniforms I realized that Trisha had successfully kept me on edge for the last five hours and now like a bitch in heat I wanted release.

With a flick of her finger I followed Trish towards the elevator, the ben wa balls continuing to do their magic. Dressed in a pair of black combat boots, a pair of stone washed jeans and a black biker jacket over a white tank top she still held that tomboy look and my mind tried to picture what she looked like without clothes.

I had to shake my head to get the thought out of my mind. I did not want to think about what she looked like naked. I would find that out soon enough. For now I just followed her into the elevator.

As we entered the room I noticed it only contained a single king sized bed and given the nature of the weekend it wasn't a surprise. Not knowing what to do I simply stood in place as I watched Trish shed her leather jacket. Being in her mid twenties Trish was beautiful, in a tomboy/rocker sort of way. She was thin and athletic, toned not but not muscular. She had a youthful face and her short black hair gave her a feminine boy butch sort of look that I was starting to find attractive. The tattoos on her exposed arms and chest gave her a bit of a dangerous vibe, while not overly appealing to me the the exquisite artwork fit her personality. Taking a seat in the chair by the window her eyes locked with mine as she crossed her legs. 

"Take off your jacket," ordered Trish as she started to undo the laces of her boot.

Nervously I removed the jacket exposing the soft black leather bra. While wearing more clothes than usual the fact that I was being appraised like some erotic work of art made me feel vulnerable. Uncomfortable, and not knowing what to do, I reach up and ran may hands though my hair in an attempt to straighten and fluff it out after being pinned in the helmet for so long not realizing the visual I was giving Trish.

"You have a very sexy body," purred Trish. "Beautiful skin, a gorgeous figure, and the most amazing hair. Now turn around and let me look at that butt of yours."

I slowly turn around stopping once my back is to her so she could get a good look at the twin polished curves of my ass separated and held by the tight latex. 

Feeling nervous I simply stood there as I let a lesbian who obviously found me attractive ogle my body. Being petite with no hips and shy of a B cup I never believed I could match up to the male ideal of big breasts, full hips and sexy curves but have come to believe I have the body and waist envied by most women.

"Lovely," commented Trish. "Now take off that bra and show me those beautiful breasts."

I reach behind my back and undo the clasp revealing my creamy mounds capped by my erect nipples. Taking a deep breath I turn around to face my newest lover. Trish licked her lips in approval as she took in the site of my naked chest. 

"Beautiful," growled Trish. "Now play with your breasts. Show me what a naughty girl you are.

There is a huge power differential when you are exposed and the other is fully clothed so I nervously obeyed and moved my hands up towards my chest. I let out a gasp as my cold palms slid over my breasts making my nipples hard. My hands coming in contact with my sensitive breasts sent shock waves into my chest and to my groin causing my arousal, already heightened from the motorcycle ride, to jump. 

Yes, very good," hissed Trish her own hand playfully dancing over the tops of her breasts. "You like that don't you? 

"Yes," I whimper answering for my body as my brain was shutting down at this point. The long ride and constant stimulation from the ben wa balls and now the stimulation of my breasts allowed my body craving relief to take over. 

"Now I want you to pull and pinch your nipples for me," ordered Trish.

Aware that I was half naked and fondling myself in front of a fully clothed woman I rake my nails over my nipples while releasing a soft moan that turned into a hiss as I pinch and twist each nipple. My legs squeezed together in an attempt to get more stimulation from the ben wa balls embedded within me.

"Now the only rule Nicole gave me is that you are not allowed to interact with males whatsoever. Is that correct?" Inquired Trish.

"Yes that's correct," I respond. 

"Why?" Asked Trish.

I hesitated while I tried to think how to respond. Nicole created the rule when she found out I had so little contact with boys. She thought it would be good for me to explore my lesbianism without any conflicting influences. "I go to an all girls high school and have had very limited interaction with boys over the years," I state.

"So you have not talked to any boys over the last four years," pressed Trisha with a little sharpness in her tone.

"No I have talked with boys, just not many," I quickly respond.

"How many over the last year?" Asked Trish.

"Two, my dad and my ex friend Kim's boyfriend David," I answer no longer trying to filter my answers.

"Two! You have only talked with two males all year," laughed Trish.

I was now too ashamed to answer. Until I was forced to date Nicole I did not see this as an issue. It was just how things were.

"And over the last four years how many males have you talked to?" Inquired Trish further.

"I don't know dozens, hundreds," I shyly respond believing I had to interface with boys occasionally.

I don't mean at the store or in line, I mean real conversations," pushed Trish.

"I've had four males teachers and then there's Kim's dad," I stated defensively before I had to stop and think if there where any others.

"So I take it you have never kissed a boy?" Trish interjected breaking my train of thought and switching the direction of questioning.

"Correct," I stated as I remembered this exact line of questioning from Susan on New Year's Eve.

"Have you ever seen a boy naked?" Asked Trish.

"No," I repeated, knowing a defense was useless.

"Ever hold hands?" Trish continued.

I thought back to the seventh grade when Michael wanted to hold my hand but I refused. Was that my last romantic opportunity with a boy? Was it over five years ago? Thinking back I could not remember any other. Unable to talk I just shook my head no.

"So basically for your entire sexual maturing you have not had any real contact with males," thought Trish out loud.

I could not answer. My scorecard had been enormously skewed while dating Nicole. A heterosexual girl with no male experience but extremely high in the lesbian category.

"That's okay I discovered who I was at a young age too," stated Trish softly.

I simply bit my lip as I continued to play with my breasts and looked at the floor. I was not a lesbian and did not even like girls but thanks to Susan's blackmail and Nicole's conditioning my body had come to associate women with sex and my arousal prevented my mind from winning the argument.

"Is Nicole your first girlfriend?" Asked Trish.

"Yes," I mermer in response.

"But you have kissed other girls?" Inquired Trish.

Like the first line of questions I had to think for a moment, but unlike earlier I had to mentally count the number of women. "A couple hundred," I finally respond thinking of my 'kiss me' button over spring break.

"A couple hundred," laughed Trish. "Wow! And how may have you made love to?" 

I stumbled as I thought about how was I supposed to answer as it was apparent Trish was just looking for a yes no answer and not a number in the hundreds. Now to flustered to think I did not want to mentally count the number of women I had sex with.

"That many huh," teased Trish as she saw the look of torment on my face. "And here I thought I was special."

With that statement I dropped my hands from my breasts and wrapped them around my waist. Was sex no longer special for me? With me? I had been with so many woman? Done so much? I have had sex with strangers. I had a multiple threesomes, some with women I did not even know. Here I was a heterosexual and nothing with boys but very few boxes left with women.

"Come here my pet," purred Trish as she saw my distress.

Feeling I had no choice but to obey I walk over to Trish and stand between her open legs.

"It's nothing to be ashamed about," whispered Trish as she wrapped her hands around waist and caressed my ass. "You are just exploring who you are and what you like. And we are here to have fun nothing more. Now I promise to keep the boys away from you and we can explore some more of your sexuality."

Relieved the situation is over and not wanting to argue about my sexuality I smile and nod.

Trish smiled back as she brought her hand up and raked her nails over my exposed breast grazing my nipple. Goosebumps rolled over my skin as I let out a soft moan. 

"What a delicious body you have," professed Trish, "and it is mine for the weekend."

Feeling a little pressure, I drop to my knees as Trish moves her hands to caress my face. "And now for a little fun," stated Trish as she moved to unzip her pants.

Knowing what is expected I assist her in removing her pants leaving her naked from the waist down, the exact opposite of myself. I could smell her deep musty aroma as it must have been trapped in her jeans for much of the long ride. Leaning forward I place a kiss on each of Trish's thighs before her hands pull my head forward and I felt the matted hair of her pussy.

"I want you to kiss it," growled Trish. "Put those pretty lips of yours to work on mine."

Obeying my newest lover I gently kiss her lower lips before teasing her clit and running my tongue the length of her slit before drilling it into her. Trish's soft moans filled my ears as fresh nectar flowed over my tongue. Soon my face is covered with her secretions as I worked to bring her off. Wanting to complete the task I pinched her clit while wiggling my tongue causing her to scream loudly as her pussy spasmed. 

With my boots and latex pants finally off Trish guides me to the foot of the bed and once my knees make contact bends me over. With her hand guiding me lower until my cheek is pressed into the the mattress and my ass high in the air.

"Yes. A very lovely ass," purred Trish as her hands caressed my back side. "Nice and firm."

"I used to dance ballet," I mumbled nervously.

"Well it shows, laughed Trish as she gave my ass a hard smack.

The resulting sting causing me the yelp and jerk my body against the bed.

"Now, now my little pet," soothed Trish as her hand rubbed my exposed ass cheeks. "I want you to stay still while I enjoy this lovely ass of yours." 

Trish squeezes my ass before giving it another hard slap. This time I held firm.

"Good girl", cooed Trish as she moved her hand between my thighs pushing my labia apart. 

I let out a soft moan as the two ben wa balls that have been tormenting me for the past several hours fall to the floor making a deep thud. I clench my muscles getting used to their absence. 

"Who owns this ass," asked Trish as she worked her hand into my mound sinking her fingers deeper and deeper.

"You do," I gasp as I start to move my ass against the rhythm of Trisha fingers to enhance the stimulation. The constant teasing of the ben wa balls replaced with the more effective fingers.

"That's right," growled Trish as she spanked my ass again with her free hand. 

The sharp sting mixing and enhancing the pleasure she was giving me. It was quickly followed by a second slap and another shot of pleasure. I was totally aroused now and the fact that yet another woman was bringing me off or that the pain was registering as pleasure no longer mattered to my shy heterosexual brain. 

"There's a fine line between pleasure and pain," stated Trish, "and when one is aroused the brain cannot process the difference and registers both as pleasure. A trait we are going to explore tonight." 

Another wimper escapes my mouth as she slaps my ass again. I notice the normally burning sensation registering as a tingly pleasurable feel melding with the sexual pleasure emanating from my pussy. Nicole has experimented a little with this and Jaclyn loved it. While Jacklyn was unskilled and unable to link the two emotions and Nicole was mildly successful Trish was a true master and my body registered the slaps as pleasure instead of pain. I unconsciously spread my legs wider so she would have better access to my pussy.

"You're really enjoying it aren't you my little pet," purred Trish her finger sliding in and out of my wet hole faster due to my wider stance.

I thought about speaking out, but I didn't know what to say. My body encouraged Trish's assault without my minds consent, actively participating in my lesbian seduction. I simply bit my lip and whimpered knowing it would satisfy both urges. My brain knew it was not attracted to women and was being forced to accept it but this is what my body now expected and was conditioned to respond to and now Trish was adding a new fetish to my list of vices: Pain. 

My traitorous pussy was getting wetter and wetter from Trish's finger, I could feel my orgasm building but still couldn't cum. She just kept pumping in and out of me keeping me at the edge in exquisite torment. With a mind of its own my hand moved up to my breast to pinch my nipple.

"Hands on the bed," barked Trish.

I immediately obeyed leaving her as the sole source of my pleasure. My brain surrendering to my bodies needs began working on the puzzle of how to climax. Knowing I needed Trish to do it I began to move my hips putting on a show for my tormentor.

"Yes you are enjoying it my freaky pet," laughed Trish. "Move that ass for me make me want it more." 

My hips continued to sway and I began to grind against her hand debasing myself to entice the woman who now controlled my body. Trish resumed the spanking of my ass as her fingers continued sliding in and out with increased force. 

"What do you want my dirty little pet," growled Trish as her fingers continued to stroke my inner flames. "Tell me what you want!"

I wanted to cum but my mind did not want to admit I it was willing to allow another woman to make it happen. If it was not my choice then I would be free of the guilt. If Trish just forced it on me I would not be an active participant.

"You have to tell me," commanded Trish another hard slap hitting my ass cheek making me moan again.

"I...I...want to cum," I whimper my mind surrendering to my bodies desires.

"How do you want to cum," asked Trish her fingers keeping me so close to the edge.

My eyes were closed and my fingers were clutching the bed spread in both shame and desire. My thoughts ran unorganized though my head trying desperately to figure out the answer that would grant me release.

"I...I ... need you to spank me and make me cum!" I shout as I push my ass towards my tormentor. 

A quick hard slap and a firm push of her fingers was all it took. "Your ass is mine now my freaky little whore," proclaimed Trish, "and I intend to enjoy it all weekend. Do you understand my pet."

"Yes," I scream my orgasm was finally released by the hard slap and waves of pleasure flowed through my body.

Janet 12:00 AM

I let out a little squeal when Nicole pinched my ass. We just walked out of the hotel on our way to one of Vegas's many strip clubs. With Paul spending the weekend with Professor Kalmer and Alice at a school getaway I was excited at what surprises my husband Nicole had for me. The title still made me shiver a little each time I thought of it. Nicole, the 18 year old girlfriend of Alice, had in effect made me her wife usurping the position once held my my husband. Not only that but she had also arranged an amorous relationship with a young stripper named April who not only got me to pretend she is my daughter but now had my office believing she was my real daughter Alice. For me the whole thing is making my life feel like an allusion. My marriage to Paul and my marriage to Nicole. My affair with a stripper pretending to be my daughter and my daughter who is the girlfriend of my husband/wife. 
