 I heard the sound of her heels as they circled around me once, twice, three times before stopping in front of me. I was kneeling there on the carpet just as I'd been taught: my legs spread, palms face up, head bowed, and eyes downcast. I knew how disappointed she was with me as I was disappointed in myself for failing her.

My mistress, my beloved, had caught me in the act of pleasuring myself earlier today. As a rule, I'm allowed to pleasure myself after all my household chores are done or when I have a free moment. However, it is absolutely forbidden for me to go over the edge and orgasm without express permission. Today, while my Mistress was out, I started reading one of my favorite stories that never fails to get me horny as hell, but when I came closer and closer to orgasm, I could not stop myself. That is when Mistress Tiffany decided to walk back into the house. 

"What do you think you are doing slave?" she screamed at me from across the room. Still in the after-shock of my orgasm, I was not fully coherent and failed to produce an actual answer. Which made my Mistress even angrier. 

Mistress Tiffany quickly yanked me up from the ground where I had collapsed and dragged me over to the couch. She proceeded to bend me over her knee and roughly pulled down my panties. Then she started spanking me very quickly on my bare butt. After about fifty swats, I was crying and begging for mercy. My pleas fell on deaf ears. Mistress Tiffany ordered me to leave my panties around my ankles and stand in the corner, informing me that she would deal with me later. 

As I stood in the corner reflecting on what just happened, the phrase "Why did you make such a stupid mistake?" kept coming into mind. Mistress Tiffany had trained me very well and one of the three cardinal rules was to never orgasm without permission. I'd been with Mistress Tiffany for almost two years and had only made this transgression twice before. No matter how much I wanted to put the blame on something else, I couldn't. I knew from the very start the story would get me very horny, and I also knew that I was playing with myself. Even at the end, right before the orgasm, somewhere in my mind, I knew what would happen if I got caught. 

"Turn around girl." Mistress Tiffany's voice pulls me back from my thoughts. "I am very disappointed in you. You know you are never allowed to cum without my permission yet you did it anyway." 

I see the disappointment in her eyes and start crying. "I am very sorry I disappointed you Mistress. Please punish me so that this slave may learn from her mistakes and be a better slave for your future use," I said between sobs. To see my beloved Mistress look at me with such disappointment made my heart hurt. All I wanted was for her to punish me quickly so that I could see her smile at me again. But then, if she gave into my wants, it wouldn't be a punishment and I would not have learned anything. 

Mistress Tiffany shushed, me wiping away my tears. "Shhhhhhh...Don't cry," She said, "Now, I want you to turn around and think about what you did. I will be back soon to start your punishment." I heard the clicking of her heels on the floor as she left me in the corner, my reddened butt a constant reminder of my failure.

Time passed very slowly and, as I thought about what I'd done, I got very frightened about my punishment. I must have stood there for hours, imagining all types of horrors, as day turned to night.

Very quietly, Mistress Tiffany sneaked upon me and deftly attached a leash onto my collar. It was all so sudden that, despite my tired legs, I jumped into the air and squealed in surprise. That act caused her to laugh a little, which immediately had a calming effect on my racing heart. She took me by the leash to our underground dungeon and led me to the only carpet in the middle of the room. "Kneel!" was her one-word command. I knelt, legs spread, palms face up, head bowed, and eyes downcast, trembling under her gaze. 

Mistress Tiffany circled three times around my kneeling form. Once she was pleased with my appearance, she said "Stay," and once again leave me with the thoughts in my mind.

She was not gone very long and when she returned, Mistress Tiffany quickly attached cuffs to my wrists and ankles. Then, after pulling me up by the leash, she led me to the spreader bar hanging from the ceiling and attached my wrists then attached my ankles to the ring bolts on the floor. I was now in an "X" shaped position.

Mistress Tiffany moved so that she was facing me and lifted my downcast head up with the point of her fingernail. "Do you know why you are here slave?" she asked. 

I nodded and replied "Yes Mistress, I am here because I came without your permission and deserved to be punished." 

"That indeed you do girl." WHACK! Mistress Tiffany brought the riding crop she was carrying quickly on my already sore backside.

"AHHHHH... one!" Th...Thank you, Mistress," I stammered out. It was a light swing, but the suddenness of it took me by surprise.

"Good girl, you remembered to count." Mistress Tiffany said as she rubbed her hand on my reddened ass. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

"Two, three, four. Thank you, Mistress." Tears were streaming down my face now but I knew better than ask for mercy. 

WHACK!

"Five, thank you Mistress. The cycle continued for thirty more strokes, each one increasing in severity. 

"Thirty-five, thank you Mistress." Tears are freely flowing from my eyes as the final blow fell. The pain and the knowledge of how I disappointed my mistress mades me feel absolutely worthless; a feeling that would continue until Mistress Tiffany forgave me.

"Your welcome, kiss the crop," Mistress Tiffany ordered, holding the instrument that had administered so much pain upon me. Slowly, my head leaned forward to kiss the riding crop. Mistress then walked out of view and I hear her opening and closing drawers.

After a few moments, Mistress Tiffany walked back in front of me and started licking my left nipple to get it erect. A moan escaped my lips, causing her to let out a giggle. Once she felt that my nipple was perky enough, she attached a clamp to my it, causing me to scream in pain.

"Silence," Mistress Tiffany said sternly. She then repeated the same process with my other nipple and this time, I managed to stifle my scream. She tugged on the chain that connected them together a few times and then walked out of view once again. 

When she returned, Mistress Tiffany was carrying a thin, rattan cane. "We're going to play a little game," she said, a wicked smile on her painted lips. "I am going to hit you with the cane eight times. You are not to make a single sound. Every time something louder than a breath leaves your mouth, we start again from one. Am I clear?" 

"Yes Mistress," I reply, inwardly wincing.

SWISH, SMACK! The cane came down hard on my right breast.

"AHHHHH!" I yelled out, unable to contain it.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk. I guess that one won't count," Mistress Tiffany said, the same evil grin on her face. "Let's start again."

SWISH, SMACK! SWISH, SMACK! SWISH, SMACK!

"AHHHHHHH!" I screamed again, wondering if I would ever be able to withstand this this.

"Oh, you're not making this easy on yourself dear," Mistress Tiffany said with mock concern in her voice. "Once again, from one."

The cane swished down eight times quickly. I bit my lip and screwed my eyes shut but when the final blow fell, I couldn't help but scream again for the third time, then started sobbing. 

"There, there," Mistress Tiffany said, trying to comfort me., "Easy there, sweetheart." She uncuffed me from the chains and lead me by my leash upstairs and into her bedroom, over to the four-post bed. She then quickly unclamped my nipples; the feeling of the blood rushing back made me yelp in pain.

Mistress Tiffany then ordered me to get on the bed, onto my elbows and knees with my ass high in the air. She walked away for a minute or so and then I felt the bed shift as she climbed on. I felt the tip of strap-on dildo dip into entrance of my pussy. I knew it was her favorite because of the large size of the head. 

Mistress Tiffany told me to brace myself and then started fucking me. Hard. In and out, in and out the speed becoming faster and faster with each thrust. She started pinching and squeezing my abused tits. However, through the pain and relentless fucking, I could feel myself edging closer to the precipice of an orgasm. 

"May I cum please, Mistress?" I asked through gritted teeth, my breathing becoming shallow.

"No," was her reply. I heard her panting mixed with moans and I knew she was close to achieving an orgasm herself. In and out, in and out, the relentless fucking continued. As Mistress Tiffany was reaching climax, the speed got faster and faster. She squeezed my tits harder for balance. 

"ARRGHHHHHHH!" Mistress Tiffany screamed out as she climaxed. She pulled the dildo out of my pussy and collapsed next to me, panting. I crawled between her legs and cleaned up my juices from the strap-on, disappointed that I didn't get to cum. Then I realized that was the whole reason for the punishment so I staid quiet and laid still like a good girl. 

After a few minutes, Mistress Tiffany rose up, got off the bed and remove the strap-on, then grabbed a few of the padded handcuffs that were stored in the drawer next to the bed. Within the next minute or so, I was cuffed to the bed in a spread-eagled position. Then, Mistress Tiffany climbed back onto the bed once and sat on my face, pressing her sopping wet vagina onto my lips.

"Lick," was the only word Mistress Tiffany said and that's what I did. Starting at the outer edge, I worked my tongue up and down her entire pussy, being careful to not touch the clit until I was told to. She started rubbing my pussy after about four minutes into the ordeal, causing me to speed up my efforts. After about another two minutes. she yelled "Clit slave!" and I doubled my efforts to bring my mistress to another orgasm. Once she got close to cumming, Mistress Tiffany clamped down on my head, cutting off my oxygen supply, causing me to lick even harder and faster in my efforts to make her orgasm. 

"ARRGHHHHH!" I heard Mistress Tiffany scream again and her juices began to flow freely onto my face. She rolled off of me, letting me take in a huge lung full of air as she laid down beside me, panting. 

Finally, when she came down from her orgasm, she rolled over and rose up on one elbow, then planted a kiss on my cum-stained face and whispered "All is forgiven." I could feel my face glowing with those words, realizing I'd survived my punishment and with that wonderful feeling, I drifted off to sleep, still cuffed to the bed and my beloved mistress beside me.