 Bernie's voice tickled my ear, his loud breathing, his moans and filthy encouragement were having their usual effect. He always knew the right things to say. I was very conscious of my own moans and escalating breathing.

But then I became aware of a presence behind me; someone standing on the stairs, watching through the bannisters. I yanked my hand out of my panties and and my mobile went clattering across the polished wooden floorboards of the gallery. I hastily got up off of my knees and stood there motionless, except for my heart thumping away and my cunt on fire. The latest member of the Board of Trustees had climbed the last few stairs and was looking at me quizzically. My hand was frozen in mid-air, as if offering to shake the intruder's hand. I was just about to withdraw it when she grabbed hold of me by the wrist, pulling me to her. She examined my hot hand closely and I was horrified to see it glisten with my juices. 

I tried to ignore the insistent buzzing of a concerned voice from the phone where it lay. I was in trouble and couldn't think of a way out of it. A sweet smile was probably not going to be sufficient this time. She glanced at my phone on the floor and, pulling me closer so that our bodies were only centimetres apart, held my hand to her face and inhaled deeply. As if this wasn't shocking enough, she took my thumb into her mouth, the thumb that only moments before had been buried deep in my cunt, and sucked on it hard. I felt her lips grip the base and the flat of her tongue lapping against the ball of my thumb. My knees felt weak and my body responded to this attention despite my panic.

She slowly released my thumb from her dark plum lipsticked lips and released my hand. I took a wobbly step backwards, heart and mind both racing. She stepped past me and picked up my phone.

'Tell me. A cheesy chat line or a real person?' I was affronted that she thought I would use a chat line and indignantly I told her of course it was a real person.

'Your husband?' she asked slyly, already guessing my answer.

'A friend,' I replied, trying not to look guilty, but I could feel my already flushed face turn a another shade closer to crimson. I watched her face, desperately trying to see where this was going.

'Take your clothes off. All of them,' She commanded. Expecting no argument. And getting none. Now I had a clue as to what was going to happen. Rather a large clue. I took off my clothes rather self consciously, putting them in a pile. I watched in horror as she spoke to Bernie on the phone in that same no nonsense voice. He was instructed not to go anywhere but to wait. She unfolded the dust sheet that I had been kneeling on previously. (Wooden floors look very nice but are murder on the knees). 

'Lie down. On your back. And take this,' she gave me back my phone. 'We're going to give your "friend" something to really listen to.' She said it just like that. I could hear the inverted commas. Such a bitch. I was beginning to get over my fright and shock at being discovered and was now getting angry. Mainly because I had no choice. I didn't want to lose my job. She knelt on the dust sheet between my thighs, which she roughly pushed apart. She tied back her long chestnut hair and took her jumper off. As it went over her head I gasped. Whilst not really attracted to women I had, along with the rest of the staff, male or female I imagine, admired her magnificent cleavage. Her breasts were huge, contained in a very well fitting black lacy bra. 

I held my mobile to my ear, as directed, and allayed Bernie's fears with a couple of reassuring words. I told him he was to stay on the phone and keep listening. He didn't know quite what was going on, but I heard an edge of excitement in his voice. He certainly was in for an unexpected treat.

I felt her push my legs up, bending my knees. I was extremely conscious of how my cunt must have appeared. I had been so close to cumming after a morning's foreplay of texting. I could feel the cool air on me as she exposed me to her gaze. I knew I was so wet and could feel how swollen my cunt was; how much it still ached to be satisfied. She pursed her lips and then hungrily licked them, causing my cunt to quiver and a little groan escape me. I heard Bernie's answering groan in my ear. I lay back and relaxed. I loved to be eaten out and whilst I'd never had sex with a woman before -- a mouth was a mouth after all and it looked like it wasn't her first time she'd had her head between a woman's thighs.

She lowered her head and I shuddered as I felt her tongue cover the length of me, from my clit to my ass hole in one continuous powerful lick, her tongue sliding momentarily and deliciously into my eager cunt, as it travelled along. I was surprised to hear the low, guttural sound that I made as I felt her touch and this in turn caused a soft 'Oh fuck!' from Bernie. I heard his breathing increase in both volume and speed as he was obviously enjoying himself and my insides lurched.

She started to suck noisily and I felt her mouth pull on my lips as she tasted the results of my phone conversation. She certainly knew how to make me moan. She lapped gently at my clit, sucking it too and licked up and down my lips, stopping to chew gently on them. I wanted her tongue inside me and I tried to lift my hips but she rested heavily on my thighs, pinning me down. I could hear the moans I was making, no chance of stifling them, of hiding my pleasure from her. I felt her teeth nibble on my clit, just hard enough to cause a little pain and I yelped. I heard Bernie's appreciation of that as a deep low, groan filled my ear. 

And then she slid her tongue into me. Long and hard, she slid in deep, her teeth bumping against me. I felt one of her arms move on my thigh and she slid her hand across and pressed her thumb against my clit. I could hold back no longer and took a tell tale noisy deep breath. Bernie recognised the sound and started to cum. I heard him groaning in that familiar way and my own orgasm shuddered through me. The sound of him cumming was always such a strong trigger for my own and this time the intensity was multiplied over and over. If she hadn't been holding my thighs in such a strong grip I would have been thrashing about under her. 

As Bernie's breathing decreased and his sounds became more coherent, the tremors in my body subsided. She still lapped at my cunt, more gently now, but I could feel her tongue working away diligently, making sure she didn't miss a drop of my precious nectar. I lay there in a dazed state and was dimly aware of Bernie enthusing and then saying goodbye. 

I felt her mouth leave me. Momentarily bereft I lifted my head up to see her wipe her glistening face with a tissue. Her face was red and shiny and I saw her hard dark nipples through her lacy bra. She slapped my trembling thigh and stood up, putting her jumper back on. It was one of her usual V necked ones and I was gratified to see the skin flushed red across the top of her breasts.

'Well that was fun! It's not everyday I catch an employee misbehaving. I hope I'm not going to need to report your little "indiscretion" to the Board. I think I can probably count on your co-operation. It didn't seem like too much of a chore for you.' I looked her in the eye, the now silent phone still clasped to my ear, wondering. She towered above me and lifting one leg she poked my very wet, swollen cunt with the toe of her black shiny boot. She pushed with the sole of it on my clit, hard enough to make me flinch. She turned away and went down the stairs.

I got dressed, replaying all the while in my head, the expert way she had fucked me with her tongue. I reached up into the corner of the room and switched off the video camera. I'd decided to record myself this morning whilst on the phone, as a surprise for Bernie. How convenient, as it happened. I couldn't wait to show Bernie the video. And I couldn't wait to show her either. And I couldn't wait to take full advantage of the situation. I carried on with my work, all the while wondering what her large nipples would feel like in my mouth. And what a woman tastes like. And what fun Bernie would have as I found out.