 A story with a slightly rough edge involving a natural woman and a younger female. Sensitive readers should consult the story tags if in doubt.

*****

Ruth Maxwell turned the key in the lock of her mailbox, aware of the presence of a kid in the apartment building lobby watching her. While the area she lived in was rather sketchy as far as crime went, at 5'8" and 180 pounds Ruth was quite capable of taking care of herself, and as she glanced over at the skinny blonde over by the wall wearing what looked like a track uniform, it was certain that with the reed thin arms and legs on the girl she posed no threat.

"Am I in your way sweetie?" Ruth asked as she extracted a stubborn flyer that seemed determined to stay in the mailbox.

"Me. Uh no," the lanky young lady mumbled. "I was just wondering. Are you a policewoman?"

Ruth straightened up as she closed and locked the box, prepared to offer a caustic reply to a remark similar to what she endured from jerks on a daily basis, but when she saw the sincere look on the kid's face she changed her mind.

"No sweetie," Ruth said with a hint of a grin as she tilted her badge towards her and said, "Parking authority."

"Oh. I'm sorry. When we were running earlier I saw you in an argument with a guy over on Madison Avenue. I thought there was going to be a fight."

"Nope, not this time," Ruth said as she moved towards the elevator, with what seemed like an admirer tracking her every step of the way.

"You moved in a couple of weeks ago didn't you? In Mrs. Quayle's old place? 321?'

"Don't know who was there before me, besides a cat that is, but that's me. 321," Ruth replied as she stepped into the elevator and pushed 3.

"I'm in 317," the girl responded as she timidly stuck out a hand. "Um. My name is Bethany Worth."

"Ruth Maxwell," she countered and took the moist hand in hers, making it disappear.

"I was kind of hoping you were a policewoman, because this building is getting bad. We had two break-ins last month, so I thought maybe if they thought there was a police officer living here that might make crooks think twice," Bethany said hopefully. "Took a few self defense classes last year but..."

"Couldn't hurt," Ruth offered, stifling a smirk at the thought of some junior high school kid trying to deal with a stoked up crackhead twice her size, because while Bethany was almost Ruth's height she must weigh next to nothing.

"You know Ms. Maxwell, if you ever need anything, I live at..."

"317. I remember," Ruth told the girl as she reached her door.

"It was nice meeting you Ms. Maxwell," Bethany said as Ruth stepped inside her apartment.

"I thought the landlord said this place was mostly adults," Ruth muttered to no one as she closed the door.

***

A couple of days later Ruth was writing up a car in a loading zone when a herd of girls ran past her, and she noticed a girl in the middle of the pack grin widely and wave to her. All long arms and legs like a group of preying mantis, they made quick time on their way down Washington Avenue.

This brief passing of ships in the night was the topic of conversation when Ruth ran into the kid down the hall once again when she arrived home, and they shared the elevator as Ruth's neighbor spoke of seeing her earlier that day.

"It's a small world, but you wouldn't want to paint it," Ruth quipped, and after the kid laughed like there was no tomorrow she noted, "Not mine. It's one of Steven Wright's."

"It was funny the way you said it Ms. Maxwell."

"Ruth is the name. If we're going to elevator pool regularly you might as well not make me feel ancient," Ruth explained, and as she watched the girl pull her golden brown hair back behind her shoulders she had to admit that the kid was cute and was going to be a heart breaker when she got older.

"Okay. Thank you Ruth," Bethany said excitedly. "Omigod. I'm a sweaty mess. Have you had to deal with maintanence here yet?"

"Nope."

"They're so slow. I put in a request for them to change this light bulb for me - not the light bulb because I can do that - but the little thing you unscrew to get the glass bowl cover part off? It's impossible to unscrew." 

"Can't your folks do it?"

"Dad wouldn't drive up from Reading, Pennsylvania to change my light bulb," Bethany said. "Probably wouldn't even walk across the street to do it. Not on the best terms these days."

"Oh, I thought you lived with your folks," Ruth said.

"No. Just me."

"You live alone?" Ruth asked, finding herself getting familiar with someone despite herself, wondering how a kid could live by themselves.

"I am now," Bethany related, answering the question Ruth hadn't asked. "Me and Jill - well, Jill moved out."

"What school do you go to?" Ruth asked.

"SUNY."

"SUNY?" Ruth repeated. "I thought you had on a jersey from a high school when I saw you running?"

"Old stuff I wear sometimes. No, I'm a sophomore at SUNY."

"How old are you?"

"20. Well, 20 next month, and yes, I know I don't look it. That's why I never even try to get into bars."

"Live and learn," Ruth noted, and as she looked at her neighbor this time it was with different eyes. "Say, if you want I can take a look at that fixture if you want."

"Would you Ruth? Oh that would be great," Bethany gushed as she practically skipped down the hall and opened her door. 

"I'll be right back down," Ruth said, wanting to drop off her mail and take her uniform shirt off.

After peeling off the top she checked her messages and was about to shed the wife beater t-shirt she wore under her uniform until she noticed her hyped up neighbor standing in the doorway staring at her.

"Be right with you," Ruth said as the girl gawked. "What's wrong?"

"Awesome tattoo," the girl said of the flaming red dragon which adorned her bicep.

"You like?" Ruth replied, deciding that she would go down to the kid's apartment as she was even though her nipples were clearly visible through the ribbed white cotton of the tank top, and the two of them went back down the hall.

"I'll hold you to make sure you don't fall," Bethany said as Ruth stepped onto the chair, the teen's hands going to her solidly thick waist as she looked up at Ruth.

Ruth reached up and held the globe with one hand while giving the screw collar a twist that didn't work, so she tried harder, all the while Bethany looked upward in awe as it finally came free.

"Must be nice to have muscles," Bethany said as Ruth handed her the globe and the pieces needed to secure it. 

"Did you know there are 2 bulbs?" Ruth asked as she started to unscrew one.

"Oh darn, Wait, I have another bulb," Bethany said as she started running around manically, trying to find more light bulbs and then wiping the dead bugs out of the globe.

"Take your time," Ruth told her as she held the two dead light bulbs and waited.

"Here you go," Bethany said as she handed Ruth one bulb, her hand resting on the older woman's hip, and then the other.

"I can't believe how nice you are," Bethany chirped as she watched intensely as the second bulb went in before handing Ruth the glass cover.

"Can't believe how easy it was for you Ruth," the teen declared as Ruth held the slightly slippery globe in place while juggling the other pieces to get them on the spindle.

Ruth glanced down, noticing with amusement that while her neighbor was looking at her biceps before, now the blonde's eyes were fixed on the bushy black tuft of hair that filled her armpit, and Ruth stifled a grin when she realized this wasn't something she saw in the locker room these days.

"There," Ruth said as she climbed down to the floor, with the girl's hands as help.

"Thank you so much," Bethany chirped, giving her a hug and kiss on the cheek before stepping back. "Sorry. Just nice to have light in here again. I don't really have any money but I could make you dinner sometime to repay you for being so nice."

"We'll see sweetie," Ruth responded, and she was about to ask the kid how she could go to school and pay for an apartment, even a dump like these were, but the blue shirt draped over a chair with the Best Buy logo on it answered that. "Good night."

"That was worth it," Ruth mumbled to herself as she went down the hall, the harmless kiss and hug more affection that she had gotten in months, and that night Ruth thought about the girl's offer of dinner.

"How about instead of dinner," Ruth mused over her Lean Cuisine dinner as she imagined a conversation with the almost 20 girl, "How about if I tie those tiny wrists and skinny ankles to the bedposts instead..."

***

Ruth Maxwell was staring at the coffee pot waiting for enough to drip down so she could capture a cup when there was a timid knock at the door. Peeking through the peephole she saw the kid from down the hall dressed in her Best Buy shirt and holding something. Dressed only in her trademark wife beater and white panties, Ruth was going to throw something on over it but, remembering how nervous and jerky the kid got seeing her half dressed Ruth changed her mind and opened the door.

"Hi. Uh. Good morning Ruth," the girl stammered, not really sure where to look. "I heard music playing so I knew you were up, and I have to go to work but..."

"Well come in so I'm not standing here putting on a show if anybody walks past," Ruth said in cutting off her babbling, so after she nervously stepped inside she handed Ruth a plate covered with aluminum foil. "What's up?"

"I have to go to work but I wanted to give you these because of you helping me. Made them last night," the girl said, and as Ruth peeked under the wrap she saw about a dozen chocolate chip cookies.

"Well, these look like they're capable of making me fatter," Ruth opined, taking the opportunity to look at the name tag perched on in diminutive bulge in her shirt because she had forgotten her name.

"You're not fat Ruth. You have an awesome body," Bethany said, her eyes going from Ruth's eyes to her smallish breasts, and then to her full cut panties where the pubic hair was peeking out from everywhere.

"Thank you Bethany," Ruth said. "That was unnecessary but nice of you. Got time for a cup of coffee?"

"No I wish," Bethany replied as Ruth turned towards the coffee pot. "Oh wow. You have a tattoo on your back too."

"I'm full of surprises," Ruth quipped. "Well, you're welcome to stop by after work for a drink if you'd like."

"Really? Sure. That would be awesome - really got to go though because the bus goes by in few minutes," Bethany answered, backing into the almost closed door and then opening it up. "Bye Ruth!"

With that Bethany ran down the hall, either to catch her bus or to run away from what she just saw, or so Ruth thought. Still, the girl seemed interested in her, and the more she saw the girl the more she liked her.

"Not bad," Ruth told the coffee cup as she took a bite of the cookie. "Not bad at all."

***

"Am I too early?" Bethany asked after Ruth answered her knock, but Ruth shook her head and stepped aside to let her in. "Would have brought a bottle of something but..."

"Oh yeah. Not old enough are we?" Ruth said. "Does that mean if I give you a drink I'm corrupting you?"

"Too late for that," Bethany said as she let her host herd her over to the kitchen counter, the scent of whatever the teen girl perfume du jour was following her along.

"Not much of a selection yet," Ruth explained. "Still living out of boxes so it'll either be vodka and whatever or rum and coke."

"Rum. Yum," was the answer, and after Ruth made her the cocktail the teen didn't wince and proclaimed it perfect.

"There was no need to dress up for this little social gala," Ruth said as she admired the girl's skimpy lime green top and shorts.

"Didn't want to wear my work uniform."

"I didn't want you to think I sat around her in my underwear all day," Ruth noted as she brought the girl into the living room and sat on the love seat opposite her, although her dusty rose tank top and shorts were rather skimpy too, the lower back allowing Bethany to see the ink on her back.

"No, you look cool. Is that a mad bull?" 

"This?" Ruth said, turning so Bethany could see it.

"Awesome," the teen said as she shyly reached over and touched it before pulling back and apologizing.

"It's alright. He don't mind being petted," Ruth chuckled as she relaxed by putting her arm on the back of the couch and turning to face the girl, lifting her knee up to the cushion.

The older woman was amused when Bethany assumed the very same position, their knees grazing as the girl lifted her rail thin leg up to join Ruth's.

"Oops. Sorry. I know you must think I'm a klutz, or just a goofy kid," Bethany declared as she looked at the hair on the inside of the meter maid's muscular calf. "Guess I am, but I guess I try to hard to please people. That's what my Mom always said."

"Mothers aren't always right," Ruth opined as she watched Bethany reached over and set her glass on a coaster, the movement causing her top to bow open briefly and inadvertently showing her host how undeveloped her breasts were.

"So I learned. Anyway, I wanted to ask you Ruth - does your job pay a lot? Not being nosy but with classes ending I'm going to need a job with more hours than Best Buy gives me, or maybe I could work both jobs. Do they hire people in the summer?"

"I dunno. Just started there but no, the pay is shit," Ruth revealed. "It's just a job for now. Had a good job at a warehouse. Ran the damn place but the owner got pissed off when he found out I was doing his daughter so he canned me."

"Oh." 

"You can always apply I guess. Tell them you're smart, hard working and learn fast," Ruth suggested. "Feel free to add that you've been following one of their ticket writers around studying while she's working if you want."

"I - uh - it's not that big a city so you run into people all the time," Bethany offered, but wilted when she realized Ruth was aware of her frequent habit of looking at her neighbor from a distance. "Sorry. Something about a woman in uniform. Always thought a woman in a uniform was awesome."

"That so?"

"When I would see you walking down the street like you owned it, arguing back when people got nasty? That was awesome, and I loved it when you would issue the tickets and crush their attitude," Bethany revealed. "Your uniform top is kind of baggy but when you would bend your arm while you typed on your hand held, your bicep would swell so much I thought the fabric might rip open. I used to think of that as the tattoo of the dragon trying to escape."

"I don't know if I would tell them all that if you go apply for a job," Ruth replied

"My aunt Phyllis, she's a policewoman and she wears uniforms too," Bethany mentioned, pausing before continuing. "I used to be kind of rebellious, believe it or not. My parents got frustrated and had my father's sister sort of mentor me. I spent weekends with her and most of a summer. She taught me discipline and stuff like that. She was cruel but fair. That was what she used to say when she was correcting me."

"That so? What was this correcting?"

"Boy, your apartment is as hot as mine is," Bethany said in changing the subject as she pulled the top of her blouse out a few times to get some air moving under it. "Wish they would put air conditioning in here, or at least let us buy our own so we don't sweat our brains out."

"A little sweat is alright," Ruth suggested, reaching her hand over and running her index finger along the damp armhole of Bethany's blouse exposed by her arm on top of the couch, with the teen watching the stubby digit tracing the darker part of the lime green fabric.

"Don't want to get smelly."

"I wouldn't worry about that sweetie," Ruth assured her as she let her finger slide upwards, the back of her index finger slowly sliding over the tiny cluster of short blonde hairs nestled in the center of her otherwise creamy white armpit, and when Bethany's eyes widened and she shivered the older woman noted, "Someone walking on your grave?"

Ruth watched Bethany's face grow red and her breathing increase as she brought her finger up to her nose so she could inhale whatever floral deodorant the teen used.

"You remind me of my Aunt Phyllis," Bethany finally said to break the awkward silence. "She's blunt too. Really in your face kind of. You don't really look like her much, but you're both really muscular and kind of - I don't know."

"Butch looking?" Ruth asked, and when Bethany said nothing she added, "Masculine?Hairy?"

"Uh."

"You never did tell me about this correction you said Aunt Phyllis gave you?" Ruth pressed, and after not getting an answer from the now petrified girl she continued. "Let's see. I don't think she put you in the corner. Can't see her making you do a 'time out' either. A spanking perhaps?"

"Ahh!" Ruth sighed when Bethany's eyes widened even more at that. "That's a proper correction. Pulling down your panties and putting you over her lap so she could smack you bony little butt until it was red and raw? Something tells me I'm on the right track."

"I deserved it," the teen croaked, her voice barely audible.

"Perhaps tying you to some device, or maybe securing you to the bedposts so she could try and make you act right, and make you a woman in the process?"

"Handcuffs," Bethany said in a quivering voice.

"And you liked it?" Ruth asked, and after getting a tepid nod continued. "So what became of Aunt Phyllis?"

"My father's other sister," Bethany whispered. "She came by my Aunt Phyllis's house and caught her... disciplining me. Aunt Rhonda told my father, and the shit hit the fan. The whole family hated us but I got the blame because Aunt Phyllis was a respected policewoman and I was just a kid with a bad attitude, so they said they wouldn't tell on my Aunt as long as she stayed away from me. As for me, I was free to leave home and change my name if I wanted too."

"Then you ended up with the girl who just dumped you. She wasn't a cop."

"ROTC," Bethany said sheepishly. "She wasn't anything - I mean she was somebody to share the rent. Nothing like Aunt Phyllis - or you."

"Me?"

"You can give me the - I don't know - the direction I need maybe?" Bethany asked hopefully.

"Interesting," Ruth wondered aloud as she rose up to make herself another drink, with Bethany hot on her heels, and after making her own cocktail tilted the bottle of Captain Morgan at the teen.

"Please. No ice, or coke please," she asked, getting an amused reaction from her host after Ruth poured it, and the teen downed it without blinking.

"Let's see what's hidden here," Ruth mused before suddenly sticking her hand into Bethany's shorts, causing the girl to flinch but otherwise remain as poker faced as possible. "Soggy in here. Did you piss your panties? No? Hmmm..."

"No hair down here?" Ruth asked as her hand explored further, making a face to show her disgust. "Do you shave your pussy? What is it with this generation and the fascination with having a bald cunt? Please don't tell me you shave this thing."

"Oh, you do have a little fuzz down there," Ruth said as Bethany started to answer no, her fingers toying with the hairs that framed her opening before pushing a finger inside the tight opening.

"OH!" Bethany moaned, grabbing the kitchen counter as she was roughly probed, thrusting into the older woman's hand until Ruth removed the hand just as suddenly.

"Want to leave?" Ruth asked while the scent of pussy filled the room, and the teen didn't hesitate, briskly shaking her head in response.

"Then lock the door," Ruth ordered as she downed the rest of her drink before going towards her bedroom.

***

Bethany hurried into Ruth's bedroom and paused as she looked at the bed that Ruth had left unmade, a gigantic bed for a big woman. Her host came up to her and brought her hand up to Bethany's long blonde hair, pulling it back and running her grip down until Ruth had a handful before pulling down on it and kissing the girl's neck.
