 All characters are over 18.

*****

Marsha and Lynn were wondering what might next occur in Prof. Kate Sullivan's Women's Studies 201 class. They joined the large class made up entirely of women in one of the college's largest lecture halls that afternoon with much anticipation. Both were still getting over having served as subjects for Prof. Sullivan's demonstration of different forms of physical discipline last time. 

Other girls in the class had been asked to demonstrate their menstrual protection and to discuss their experience with anal intercourse. This time would be different, however.

Prof. Sullivan, an attractive tall blonde woman in her late 30s, stood at the podium and told the assemblage that today they would discuss lesbians. There was a slight sound of surprise, although now all knew that one-third of the class had identified as lesbian (and one-sixth as bi).

"While lesbians have been with us since, well, certainly since Sappho wrote her poetry on the Isle of Lesbos in the Aegean many centuries ago," she began, "lesbians as with homosexual men have been shunted off from the mainstream of society in terms of history.

"There are many misconceptions having to do with everything about lesbians," she continued, "and we need to dispel them." She then called on the tall Kate Andrews, who had identified herself as lesbian in a previous session.

"Kate," Prof. Kate asked her, "would you like to describe the various ways lesbians make love to one another?"

"Not sure I'd like to, Professor," Kate replied with a grin, "but in the interest of spreading knowledge as opposed to fantasy, I'll be happy to proceed."

"Some lesbians like to be filled the way straight women may want to have a penis in their vagina," Kate started out. "For these women, one partner may wear a harness with a dildo attached to simulate heterosexual intercourse. They may also choose instead to use a double dildo which is simultaneously inserted in each of their vaginas."

"But most lesbians I have known and had sex with," she went on, "oral stimulation of the genitals and anus are the favorite means of having sex. Some who have sex with multiple partners may use dental dams much as men use condoms and they are about as satisfying," she smiled.

"But it is important to emphasize that oral sex is by far the principal form of sex preferred by at least the greater number of lesbians I have known," she stressed.

"I also think that lesbians are more open to variations of sex, things and practices that sometimes are labelled as kinky," she said coolly. "I did mention earlier in this class that I spank my partner, for example. But there is more openness to things like sex during periods, urination, and yes, anal sex of all kinds."

"These variations of course include bondage, all kinds of role play, use of all kinds of toys and devices, and sometimes serious disciplinary behavior, resulting from real or imagined offenses," she explained. "In general, I will suggest that lesbians tend to be quite creative in their sexual practices. This is largely because we choose to get beyond the wham, bam, thank-you-ma'am model."

Prof. Sullivan now came back to the podium and thanked Kate Andrews for her contribution. 

She then invited two women to come to the front. They were both good-looking, one a short sandy-blondish girl and the other a bit taller and raven-haired. Both had nice figures and average-sized busts.

"These two women have volunteered to show you how two lesbians get it on," Prof. Sullivan announced. "They are not enrolled in this class but all the rules about confidentiality apply with even more force here. If you happen to know them, please keep that knowledge to yourself. I do not want their privacy invaded by anyone."

The two women then proceeded to slowly and with obvious gentleness, disrobe each other. They softly unbuttoned each other's blouses, removed them, and then unzipped skirts and slipped those off. Appearing now in matching red bras and hicut panties, they seemed to enjoy the contact involved in unhooking the other's bra, rolling down hose, and then finally placing their thumbs in the waistbands of each other's undies and slipping those down and off.

Both women had shaved their genital area and it was interesting to the class to get a close look at their vulvas, because the sandy-blonde woman had a tight, slit-like opening while her lover had wider, fuller, darker-colored labia that protruded from the vulval area.

Now the blonde lay back on the couch and spread her legs widely so that her lover could move her head between them and begin lavishing her companion's pussy with soft kisses and licks. She had actually first played with her companion's feet, dabbing her nicely-colored toes with kisses and then moving up her legs to her inner thighs which spread when they became the object of her affection.

The kissing and licking became more pronounced as her tongue invaded the vulva and entered the vagina. The blonde lifted her legs to allow full access to both vagina and anus. It was clear that the oral attentions resulted in the blonde's experiencing what appeared to be powerful orgasms. 

Now the class was treated to her continuing to apply her oral talents but this time to the other woman's anal area and opening. It was harder to observe but she clearly had managed to insert her tongue as deeply as possible into the blonde's cute anal rosette.

Another round of orgasms resulted and now the blonde started crawling between the raven-haired partner's legs and savoring her broad labia and insinuating her tongue into her partner's open vagina. It seemed to take the raven-haired woman longer to warm up but she began to writhe under the attentions and it appeared she was in orgasm.

Lastly, perhaps as a lagniappe, the blonde picked up a small, very soft felt whip and ordered the black-haired woman to hold herself open for its "kiss." The sight of her holding her labia open, putting her dark-colored labia as well as her purplish inner lips and vagina on full view seemed to arouse the class as well as the participants.

Then she placed the whip on her partner's mons, drew it up, and gave it a seemingly careless flick that snapped right down the middle of the open vulva. The dark-haired woman gasped, let out a small scream that was more of a moan, and grasped her partner in her arms, holding on tight as she went through what must have been an extremely powerful orgasm.

"Thank you both," Prof. Sullivan said, as the class time drew to a close. "Now for next time, I'd like all of you to consider experimenting with your friend, your roommate, or another woman with whom you feel comfortable. Try out some of what you saw here today."

****

Marsha Jaspers and Lynn Owens emerged from the class amazed at the demonstration.

"Those two women were incredible," Marsha said to Lynn. "And I suspect that they did not use everything in their bag of tricks."

"Yes," Lynn agreed. "You know, Marsh, Prof. Sullivan seemed a bit edgy when she suggested that we try some of those things out as our assignment for the next class."

"I know, Lynnie," Marsha answered slowly. "I guess I hadn't realized that this class would actually having us do some of the things that...I suppose I hadn't wanted to try right now."

"I'm not all that wild about it, either," Lynn said with a sincere open look. "But would it hurt us to give it a whirl? We both have had boyfriends and we can see how far we would enjoy expanding our sexuality."

"No time like the present, roomie," Marsha giggled with a bright expression. "Don't get me wrong, Lynn darling: I've never had real feelings for another woman. Have you?"

"Sometimes, Marsh," Lynn replied with a pause. "I see a woman with whom I feel the possibility of some warmth without her insisting on moving along the way men seem to do."

"I suppose what I think might work is for you to seduce then, sweetie," Marsha answered. 

Lynn moved from where she sat to be next to her roommate on their couch. She put her arm around Marsha and softly began to rub Marsha's breasts through her top and her bra, without making any effort to take off any clothing or reach under it.

"Ooh, that does feel nice, Lynnie," Marsha said in a low voice. "You pushing the right buttons."

"Wait until we get to those little buttons down youknowhere," Lynn grinned.

Now Lynn let herself calmly unbutton Marcia's blouse and when she had carefully removed it without any pulling or tugging, she slipped a finger or two under Marsha's black bra and began to fondle her roommate's pleasantly-sized breasts.

Marcia found this incredibly stimulating. "Oh Lynnie, you won't believe how this is turning me on," she gushed, "and I'm going to be quite embarrassed when you see how wet I'm getting."

"Girls do know something about what turns girls on," Lynn responded, as if she were reciting from Prof. Sullivan's syllabus. Then she slipped her hand down to unzip Marsha's skirt. She tapped Marsha on the bottom to lift herself up enough for Lynn to remove her skirt.

Marsha responded and felt herself getting more and more aroused. Now she was in her black bra and matching panties. She felt vulnerable but trusted Lynn as they had known each other since both were put together as roommates last year.

"Wow," Lynn exclaimed. "In that black lingerie, darling, you could be one of Prof. Sullivan's demonstrating dommes!"

"I don't feel very dominant right now, Lynnie," Marsha said quietly. "Please hold me and make me feel warm and happy."

Lynn responded by taking her roommate in her arms. They were similar in size, although Marsha had a curvier frame and dark hair while Lynn was a slimmer blonde.

Lynn felt it was time for her to join Marsha in disrobing so she efficiently unbuttoned her top and unhooked and removed her bra and her blouse. Now it was time for her skirt to come off too and when it did, Marsha was staring at a cute little pink and gray bikini that displayed tell-tale patches of obvious wetness that had emanated from her quim.

"Aren't you the naughty one?" Marsha chuckled as she stared at Lynn's big wet patches on the tiny panties. 

Lynn laughed in response and put her fingers in the waistband of Marsha's more conservative panties and slowly slipped them down over her roommate's hips. This exposed Marsha's very full dark-colored bush and Lynn couldn't resist just bending over and nuzzling her mouth into the hair and starting to lick her roommate's sopping vulva.

Marsha lay back and found herself incredibly aroused, more than she could ever remember being charged, even when she had allowed her boyfriend to do the nasty with her.

She pointed to Lynn's very soaked bikini panties and motioned to her that they needed to come off. Lynn quickly yanked her undies down and off, which presented her light pubes to Marcia's admiring eyes.

"I'm so self-conscious about my hair down there, Lynn," she confessed, "but I don't like being bare like some teenybopper either."

Lynn lovingly licked Marsha's split under the bush hair and insinuated her tongue into Marsha, which impelled Marsha to start moving her hips as this was just as much a turn-on as if some guy were plunging his tool into her warm hole.

Now Lynn took one hand and placed it under Marsha's bottom and let her index finger start to tease Marsha's anal ring. The finger kept probing and soon, the ring loosened so that Lynn's finger could penetrate the anal rosette and stimulate the sensitive nerve endings right inside her anus.

Between Lynn's tongue in her coochie and her finger in her ass, Marsha was now flying toward a major orgasm of the likes she knew she had never experienced. She was way beyond being embarrassed in any way about her body. She didn't think she was in love with Lynn, but she loved the way her roommate was making her feel. They had become incredibly intimate and it was owing to the Women's Studies 201 course.

After all, Prof. Sullivan had had them experiment with watching each other excrete, and using disciplinary implements, and now seduction. Marsha didn't linger long in thought because the constant stimulation soon brought her to the brink and she felt herself totally give way to the delight of a powerful cum, or a series of cums. She was almost in a trance.

Lynn slowly stopped her ministrations and sat back and held her roommate softly as the orgasms exploded. When Marsha seemed to emerge from her reverie, Lynn positioned herself brazenly with her crotch over Marsha's face.

"Wow," Marsha said as she recovered, "that was really something, darling, and yes, I do love seeing you in all your glory looming over my face!"

She only had to lean up a tiny bit to begin to lick Lynn's lovely gash—the blonde hairs framing a tight, attractive feminine presence. Marsha could even see Lynn's sweet-looking little anal opening beneath the vulva. And she couldn't resist using her finger to graze the very tip of Lynn's now very engorged pink clit.

Lynn was very happy to be on the receiving end now and she too felt that this was an amazing experience of the kind she had never known. She had never played around in high school, even with the senior cheerleaders on whom she had the normal crushes. Seeing the two attractive and self-declared lesbians go at it in Prof. Sullivan's class made her think that she might have been excessively judgmental in the past.

She had enjoyed bringing Marsha off and it was wonderfully exciting to feel Marsha's tongue on her cunt and now her roommate's finger entering her rear hole. She somehow thought about how she brought herself off when she was alone with the little bullet vibe. That was fine but this was something more than terrific.

She felt herself getting woozy being atop and had trouble leaning on her arms to support herself. Marsha realized that her roommate was closing to cumming so she held her elbows on her shoulders. Lynn was waiting to feel Marsha's tongue in her quim at the same instant as the index finger re-entered her anus and that was all that was needed to bring her off with a prolonged deep-inside explosion.

****

The girls rested contentedly in each other's arms after their "experiment" had resulted in such happy conclusions. 

"I don't think I'll ever feel funny about anything to do with lesbians and girls loving girls any more," Lynn exulted.

"Yes," Marsha agreed. "I confess that I like feeling filled down there but sweetie, next time, maybe we'll use that little monster of yours, and who knows, if I cum like you just succeeded in bringing me off, this could be a game-changer for real."

Then they agreed that before the glow of their love-making wore off, they would sit down, each at her desk, and write up their immediate feelings for a paper due in Prof. Sullivan's next class.