 Author's Note. This story is the first instalment of a series. As always, voting and commenting are much appreciated. The series is dedicated to A. who's making her first steps into the world of women. Last but not least, I want to thank the girl who did all the editing. 

*

Last September, I felt it was time for me to start exercising a sport. Due to the fact I was raised in Germany, I'd played football as a kid and unlike most women in my country, I was interested in the sport; not as much as a man but still, I knew what's happening in the world of football. When I had to choose the sport I would be practising, football was a no-brainer. The local team was well organised and they offered me a trial period in which I didn't have to pay any money upfront. Needless to say, I was excited about that new chapter. Playing football became a regular part of my life. We trained thrice a week and during the weekends we played matches, at first some friendlies and then we entered the national women's division.

A WNBA player recently claimed that eighty-percent of the league's players are lesbian and she's facing bullying due to her preference to men. I thought she was hyperbolic and she was exaggerating some random incident she might have faced. When I befriended my teammates though, I had a change of mind. The team consisted of twenty-five women; most of us were either in our twenties or our early-to-mid thirties. Around twenty of those players were at least bi-sexual. I had never witnessed such a gathering of lesbians and truth be told, some of them were smoking hot.

I was included in this list. The first time I thought I would be interested in girls was back in high-school. You get to explore the new world that has opened in front of you and you think of what you find appealing and what you find appalling. Sleeping with a woman sounded good to me but thinking about something to actually making it happen is a whole other thing. I had dated some boys, some relationships went good, others went south and the sole lesbian experience I had was a kiss with my roommate one night we were so drunk that we thought we would end up to a hospital.

Martha was one of the first people I met in the team. We were around the same age, studying at the same university and we lived a block apart so we quickly became friends. Martha was strictly lesbian, she had only slept once with a boy while in high school and since then, all her partners were female. We had talked about it and I had expressed my views so she thought it would be safe for her to introduce me to her girlfriend, Amelia. Amelia was a twenty-eight years old flight attendant and Martha had met her during a flight; she said she had slipped a piece of paper with her phone in Amelia's apron pocket when nobody was looking. After meeting with Amelia, and I guess after her approval, Martha became more revealing about her sex life. Her purpose was not as innocent as it seemed; she didn't want to tell me what she was doing with her girlfriend. She wanted to make my lesbian side resurface. And it worked. Many nights I fingered myself while thinking about sleeping with a woman.

I thought Tinder was a safe option to find a partner; your sexual preferences define you when you register on that application. Soon, I was disappointed. Although I lived in a city with nearly four million people, the available women interested in other women were sparse. I gave up and waited for a miracle. And a miracle came. There was a player who hadn't started the season with us; she was in an Erasmus exchange programme in Hungary and she joined us mid-February. You wouldn't guess she was playing football when you saw her; she was curvy with big breasts. She didn't look the athletic type but she was a hell of a goalkeeper. Her name was Jenny and we were introduced by common friends. She wasn't very warm towards me but that was understandable, the other girls knew each other for years. I fell in love with her but we weren't even friends. And I was such a coward that I wouldn't dare admitting it straight to her face. I made an effort to befriend her but after a month, the results were far from impressive; every time I asked her out for coffee she was busy and even when we did hang out together, we were just part of a bigger group of friends. Martha on the other hand was close with Jenny and she was trying to make me part of their gang. It wasn't satisfying enough though. Every time I saw Jenny, I melted. I wanted her to be mine and even the thought of sleeping together with that gorgeous woman made me wet.

A friend of mine, with whom I was involved back in the day, was insisting that keeping that to myself won't solve my problem. I had to be more active and seek what I wanted. He was right but it was easier said than done. He made considerable efforts to help me understand how hunting a woman worked and he claimed that failure is part of the game. At least I had to play against my chances and let the catastrophe hit me in the face. The first move was to spit it out to Martha. She was surprised by my admission but not by the fact I was in love with Jenny; her green eyes, her dark blonde hair and her bright smile were more than enough reason to like this girl. Her advice was to put my interest on hold; Jenny had an on and off relationship with a man and she wasn't really single.

Summer came and still no good news. Jenny hadn't dumped the idiot yet; my advisor was urging me to either go on a faster pace or look elsewhere and I was spending the hot nights of summer drinking with friends and fantasising what sleeping with Jenny might be like. Jenny went on holidays abroad and we lost touch but all of a sudden, Martha informed me in the last days of July that Jenny broke up for good. I got a morale boost and promised myself that this time, I would hunt her down until I make made her mine. Martha offered me her help, after Jenny had gotten over splitting with her boyfriend she was promoting me to her. We knew that Jenny was interested in girls too but Martha wasn't certain that she was ready for the big step; on the other hand, I was as ready as ever.

Jenny spent the weekend with her grandparents in her hometown and the rest of the people had gone out for a night of drinking. I made a move to leave when I felt I had drunk enough but Martha stopped me; "You're driving me home, I have to talk to you," she explained and despite the drinks I had consumed, I felt fresh again hoping she had news about the hot matter.

"What's the matter?" I asked her as we walked to the car.

"I'll explain. In private though," Martha assured me and we stayed silent until we were in the car, "I'm afraid I have some good news and some bad news."

"How's that?"

"Jenny spent two nights at my place as she was doing some renovating. We talked about what's troubling you."

"And?" I said with anticipation growing inside me.

"Jenny likes you and she thinks you're a nice person and potentially, a lover."

"I sense there is a but."

"There is. Thing is, you can't be together with Jenny."

"Why not?"

"Do you know the reason Jenny broke up with her boyfriend?"

"Not a clue."

"They had been together for two years. Since Jenny graduated high school. And he was one of a kind. A special person who treated Jenny superbly."

"Then why did they break up?"

"Let me put it this way. Jenny doesn't like vanilla ice cream."

"You mean she's kinky?"

"Exactly."

"And that's the reason they broke up?"

"Mark was dominant. And Jenny is dominant as well. They tried to make it work but not only were they not a match in that aspect but Jenny wanted to explore her lesbian side more."

"And now?"

"Now Jenny is looking for a submissive girl. She wants near complete control over her lover. And from what I'm getting, you're not that kind of girl."

"I am sort of submissive."

"Yeah, you want your partner to lead the way. I'm not talking about that though, I'm talking about having a dominant lover, someone who orders you and you obey her wishes. Who would punish you if you don't. That kind of thing."

"Let me try it," I offered.

"Are you out of your mind?" Martha shouted.

"Why not?"

"Kate, listen up. She won't tie your hands with a scarf and make love to you. She will fuck you, hard, and she will whip your ass until it gets red if you come without her permission and then she will sit on your bloody face for half an hour. That sort of thing."

"I insist."

"Are you blinded by love? Why do you keep pushing it?" Martha wondered.

"Martha, I hear what you say. I'm not saying I'll be able to pull this through. But it looks promising. Jenny likes me, I like her and I have fantasised about being the sub in more than one occasions. Will it be harder? Yes, no doubt about that. Will I regret it? Maybe, I don't know. But let me try it."

"I won't change your mind, will I?"

"Hell no."

"I've already told Jenny you're not interested."

"Why the hell did you do that?" I erupted.

"Because I thought, and I still think, she's not what you're looking for."

"Let me fail," I said angrily.

"That's what I'm going to do. But listen to me, don't come to me with a bruised arse and whine about her domination over you," she warned me.

"I won't."

"You drive me home and then you go to sleep too. Maybe tomorrow you'll think again about what you're about to do."

Her house was less than ten minutes away and we didn't exchange another word except for "good night". I was very angry at her, although I appreciated her efforts thus far, her job was to make the connection and not the decisions on my behalf. She was just a friend, not my mother. Obviously, her words made sense and she could easily be right about me heading towards a mistake but no matter if it's failing or succeeding, I always want to be the one making the call.

The next day, I texted Martha as soon as I woke up. I urged her to contact Jenny so she would reconsider, the alternative plan was me making a move directly to Jenny. Martha did a last hopeless attempt to change my mind and then admitted her defeat. She said she would talk to Jenny and she would arrange everything for me. I was relieved but one thing was rather strange; if Martha was so against my move, why did she insist on being the one talking to Jenny and negotiating the deal for me?

I let the thought slide and moved on with my day. I had a hectic schedule so my mind was carried away for long periods of time. Not that I didn't look at my phone every five seconds though. Finally, at around four o'clock, I received a message from Martha. She informed me that Jenny had agreed on giving me a trial period, at the end of which I could walk out without damaging any friendships. Moreover, she had arranged a date with Jenny and I was about to be at the city centre at nine o'clock sharp and I had to wear a dress.

I didn't like the tone of the message, I would rather arrange a date myself. And it was the very first time I had a date with a dress code, and it was a dress code that made me uncomfortable. I had never been happy with my body and my few extra pounds made me avoid skirts and dresses although everyone said they looked good on me. I then realised this date might be a test from Jenny to check my willingness to submit and although I was far from happy, I obliged. At ten minutes to nine, I was waiting for the blonde goddess wearing a blue dress and a pair of flats. Despite the rather warm September night, I put on tights so my legs would look better.

Jenny was dressed in a floral dress and she was wearing heels so I looked a bit shorter than her. She gave me a pretty big smile as she was walking towards me and whilst all I expected was a cold hand shake, she grabbed my hair and gave me a wet kiss, in front of everybody.

"I'm so happy to see you," she added afterwards.

"Likewise."

"Blue looks good on you. You should wear it more often."

"I'll keep that in mind."

"I know a place with a great roof garden and my cousin works there so he'll get us a table. Are you in?"

"September night and a roof garden? Who would turn it down?"

She took my hand and we walked to the bar. We talked mostly for the weather and the delays on public transportation; not a kinky conversation. Her cousin did find us a perfect table which was a bit private despite the fact that the place was packed. We ordered drinks and understandably, it was time for some serious talk.

"Look, Jenny, I'm sorry for talking to you indirectly. I shouldn't have been such a coward."

"No worries you fool. What mattered was your interest, not the way you approached me. And although it wasn't very straightforward, I think it worked; we're on a date," she assured me and smiled.

"True that."

"Well, you're nervous as fuck. Relax. I don't bite. Most of the time," Jenny laughed.

"I'll keep that in mind."

My first time on a lesbian date was strange on paper and I was always thinking about the kinky side of Jenny. But apart from that, it looked like a normal date. It felt like a normal date. We talked, we laughed and we flirted. I knew that I had agreed to submit to the woman I had in front of me but truth be told, it wasn't terrifying and Jenny didn't look that dangerous. Quite the contrary actually, she was a romantic girl.

She paid for the drinks and on our way to the tube, she found a remote spot and kissed me again, "Trust me and I'll make sure you'll enjoy it," she whispered and as I was frozen by her kiss, I just nodded in agreement.

Normally, taking the tube for five stops is no big deal. But when you're overwhelmed with anticipation about what's coming, the short trip makes you feel it lasts an eternity. Jenny lived in a small flat near the university campus; her parents had rented her the place so she wouldn't need too much time getting to class every day. It was simple and modern although a bit cramped. "Make yourself at home," Jenny told me but I was way too nervous for that, "I said relax," Jenny said in a demanding tone and grabbed my arse under my dress.

"Easier said than done."

"I didn't say it was easy, I said do it."

"Yes Ma'am," I said sarcastically.

"It's too early for that. Go take a seat in the living room. Do you want a drink?"

"Whatever is strongest."

I sat carefully on the couch waiting for her to return. My heart was throbbing and I had trouble breathing. I felt sixteen years old again when you don't know how to deal with your emotions.

Jenny brought a gin tonic for each of us and sat next to me, "You can take off your tights, it's warm in here," she proposed and I silently did what I was told. Now that we were sitting next to each other, her intoxicating scent had covered my nostrils and I was paralyzed. The moment my legs were free, she put her hands on my thighs and caressed them, "Mm, smooth legs, I love it," she said and kissed me again. I put my drink aside and kissed her back. Our tongues were "fighting" with each other and her left hand was exploring my body, "Spread," she commanded and kissed me again. Obviously, I obliged and her fingers travelled on my crotch. "My girl is wet, is that for me?" she teased me and again I was only able to nod.

Her mouth moved to my neck and I had trouble keeping myself quiet. Suddenly, I felt her middle finger entering me and I gasped. A few seconds later, she retrieved it and licked it, "You taste lovely," was her comment before fingering me again, "But you already know that, don't you?". I failed to say any words and she noticed it, "You have tasted yourself, haven't you?". I nodded no and she pulled her finger out again, "Clean it," she ordered and brought her finger inches from my face. I was horny and she was in control so I opened my mouth and tasted my salty juice on her finger; I expected it to be worse, "Good girl," I was praised for my efforts.

Thinking that submitting meant waiting for your partner to order you around, I had stayed still and silent. She didn't like that so she took action. Her hands found the zipper of my dress and in a few seconds, I was wearing only my underwear. "Turn around and lie on my lap," she barked another order and I positioned myself accordingly. Her left hand was now cupping my boobs and her right one found its way in my knickers. She almost removed my bra so she could play with my nipples while finger-fucking me. "Don't move," she said in a strict tone and I just spread my legs as much as I could. She was fed up with my anxiety so she found the cure; an orgasm. And what an orgasm it was. Her fingers fucked me at a fast pace and in the meantime, she was pinching my nipples making me scream from pain and pleasure at the same time. She hadn't told me anything about asking her permission to come so I just let the beast free. I had been fantasising of having sex with her for months and now I could come on her fingers; it was a special feeling.

It took me a couple of moments to catch my breath; her soaked fingers were waiting for me and I didn't disappoint her; I was more than happy to clean them thoroughly. She kissed me again and the excitement was growing again, "Thank you," were my first words in almost half an hour.

"You're welcome babe but we have to move to the bedroom for the main course."

We emptied our glasses and she led me inside by hand. "You're a shy girl but I like it," she said and I smiled, "Now undress me." I had never laid hands on a woman in such an intimate way but when I removed her dress, I couldn't resist anymore. Her breasts were huge compared to mine and her nipples were erect already. I helped her out of her bra and took one in my mouth. She hadn't told me to do so but it was a thing of the moment; I just wanted to do it. Over the years, I had never completely understood men's obsession with boobs; I thought they were just oversexualising another part of the female body but I couldn't have been more wrong. When I was the one playing with them, I realised they talked absolute sense. I licked her nipples like a toddler and the more she moaned, the more I tried to satisfy her. "You have made me very horny, Kate," Jenny announced and although I didn't show a thing, I was very proud of myself.

It was time to move southwards. She lied back and bent her knees. I kissed her belly and went even lower. I was as nervous as someone ready to give her first kiss. I didn't bother removing her thong, it was small so I could move it aside. She had also shaven her pubic hair and her skin was hairless and smooth. And needless to say, she was wet as fuck. A finger of mine explored her wet lips and I tasted her; I liked it more than myself. I was a bit reluctant to start licking her but frankly, there wasn't anything I wanted to do more. I took a deep breath and buried my face between her legs. As a newbie, I was unbelievably clumsy but at least I had some experience on the receiving end. I sucked her sweet pussy hungrily and my face became a mess. But I loved it. And Jenny did too; after a while her hand was on the back of my head keeping me in place and her legs were crossed behind my back. I was kept "hostage" in a prison I didn't want to escape from. Sooner than I expected, she was getting close to climax. Her groans became louder, her body was flinching and her grip became stronger. She came on my face and I tried to get as much of her juices as possible. I didn't stop; not before she made me when she pulled me up again and gave me the best kiss of my life up until that moment.

"You did a great job Katie," Jenny praised me and shyly I lowered my eyes; she placed her hand under my chin and lifted it; "Don't look down babe, you should be proud."

"I am."

"Would you let me make love to you before we go to sleep?" she asked and I moved my head up and down with a smile on my face, "That's my girl," Jenny kissed me.

My heart was pounding hard when she stood up and opened the drawer where she supposedly kept her toys. She picked a medium sized dildo which strongly resembled a man's penis; the shape was exactly the same. The toy had an odd maroon colour which I liked.
