 The New York subway system can be a royal pain in the ass. It seems that every time I'm in any kind of rush the damn thing breaks down. No problem, I'll just go up and grab a cab. The problem with that is that it is raining and trying to catch a cab in midtown in midday is bad enough but in the rain it is near impossible. Aw screw it. I'll get there when I get there and they go stuff themselves. 

I'm Judy, a twenty six-year-old junior marketing manager for one of the Fortune 500 computer companies. I've been with his company ever since college and really love the job; and the money. Lately I've been getting more than my share of travel so I'm building a nice bank of frequent flyer miles but so far my travel has all been within the US but there is a good possibility I'll be off on a Paris/London trip a month from now. That's down the road, I have to make this meeting in the next half-hour or as the saying goes, my ass is grass. Subway failure is not an acceptable excuse with this crowd. "Anticipate" is the key word in the office. 'Think of what can occur that can negatively impact your plans and then take precautions to prevent that from happening." I waited too long to head for the meeting and that's my fault ... not the subways'.

I climbed the steps from the subway platform to see a cab letting a guy out right in front of me. WOW, I jumped in and pulled the door shut and pushed down the lock button. There were two or three others standing at the curb shaking their fists at me for being so forward but screw it, this is life in the big city. I gave the cab driver my destination but it always surprises me when they can understand instructions for, as any of you who have taken a cab in NYC know, the cab drivers are every nationality, except USA. 

Traffic wasn't as bad as I thought it might and I made it to the conference room with plenty of time to spare. As I walked in the door there were ten to fifteen people already gathered in little chat groups waiting for the meeting to start. I didn't know anyone and was standing there like the proverbial bump on a log when a gorgeous looking gal about my own age came over and introduced herself.

She had her hand out while saying with a big smile, "Hi, I'm Ann and am with the company you guys are trying to sell."

"Hi Ann, I'm Judy and if our top guys don't get here soon I wouldn't blame if all of you left. The meeting is supposed to start in five minutes."

"Oh don't blame anyone. They were all here a half hour ago and took our top guys for a tour of the building."

"OK, I won't fire them." I laughed. 

We stood there chatting about everything but computers and found we had tons in common. We both rented apartments down in lower Manhattan and we had both graduated from Colgate. My folks live up in northeastern Pennsylvania and hers are up in New York State about thirty miles from mine. I have a younger brother and older sister and so does she. The similarities were almost uncanny. In addition to all of that I had the instant hots for her. She appeared to have a great shape and she had super smooth facial skin with an absolutely gorgeous head of brunette hair. This was going to be a tough assignment for me for I damn sure didn't want to blow the corporate deal just because I wanted to jump into the sack with her. Now I'm wondering if I can do anything with her that would move the deal along in our favor by getting closer to her in every way.

The business meeting went pretty well and Ann and I exchanged both business and home phone numbers promising to call one another after all of the business stuff died down. 

She called several weeks later asking if I would like to get together for a movie or just a simple dinner in a small little family owned restaurant she had recently discovered. It was close to the theater and it wasn't expensive. Ooops, she said the magic words ... good food at a reasonable price. I agreed and we met and enjoyed the movie and food and our conversation. She was a technical analyst at her company and I am responsible for presenting the technical advantages our company's products offers over that of our competitors. Ann and I agreed we would leave all talk of that kind for our workdays and never mention a word of it during our off hours. Both of us were between boyfriends and cursed men in general over dinner. We agreed most men only thought with their little heads rather than their big ones and also agreed that a man's stiff dick has no conscience. They will fuck anything and everything and never think twice about it. As I was looking at her over the dinner table I could just picture her shapely tits on each side of my face as I moved my mouth kissed her rock hard nipples. Now, the question was how was I going to get from here to there. I also wanted to tickle her pussy with a giant dildo/vibrator I have. It is a solid twelve inches and has a strap on feature I could use to fuck her with. Would this ever happen? I could only wish.

During the spring and summer we went to a gazillion things around the city with Central Park, during daylight hours, being one of our favorites. There was always something going on in it. We hit every offering of the Museum of Art and also found a couple of neat little clubs offering fantastic music. They gave some aspiring musicians a chance to play in public and the only money they received were the tips the audience contributed after their performance. The clubs had a two-dollar cover charge and didn't rip the customers off over the price of drinks! We would sometimes rub against one another climbing in and out of those places and I didn't know if she felt anything but I sure did. One night she was wearing a pair of white shorts and a teal blouse and when she bent over to dig some money out of her purse for a tip for the musicians my mind went wild. I could just picture my hands reaching under that blouse and fondling her breasts. I almost let myself go and did it but came to my senses in time. Oh I would have liked that to happen.

Ann seemed to be a far more sensitive person than I am. She would cry at almost any slight or offensive remark anyone ever made. I would just as soon tell the person making it to go fuck him or herself; she would sulk and be wiping her eyes within minutes of the hurt. I don't know how many times I had to put my arms around her to comfort her and bring her out of her blue state. She had had a difficult childhood and that may have been the cause of her sensitivity.

Sometime in the fall she called asking me if I would like to join her for a night at the Metropolitan. She had latched onto tickets for a pair of great aisle seats and remembered that she and I had talked about liking opera. I said yes almost before she had finished her offer.

It was going to be on a Friday night a week away so I had a little time to get a decent dress for the occasion. My business suits were fine for everyday wear but I didn't think they would do for a night at the "Met". I'm five four and weigh in at 119 pounds. Folks tell me I have a nice figure but sometimes I wish my breasts weren't as full as they are. It frequently makes picking out clothing more difficult. I finally found a dress I fell in love with and after wiping out my meager checking account had it boxed. 

We had agreed to meet right inside of the main door and I was there right on time. When a woman tugged on my arm asking "Judy?" I was floored. She didn't look anything at all like the Ann I had been paling around with. I was so taken aback I was actually stuttering. 

"Ann? ...You are stunning."

"Never mind me, everyone in this lobby has their eyes on you. Where in the world did you find that magnificent dress?"

"Oh it's nothing. I picked it up on the main floor of the Fort Knox Gold exchange," and we both roared and nodded knowingly.

As we were being led to our seats I let her go first with the usher guiding us. When we got to our row he stood aside and let Ann go in first. I almost died laughing at what happened next. Just as she had bent down to lower herself into her seat the man in the row in front of her turned to see someone in a few rows behind us. Ann's lovely breasts that were partly out of her dress anyway were bulging even more as she had bent to take her seat and the guys face wasn't more than four or five inches from her cleavage and I could actually hear his gulp. "On my God, Oh my God, I'm so sorry."

We didn't know what he was apologizing about. He hadn't touched her at all. It was just one of those weird positions we sometimes get ourselves into but this was one he wouldn't forget in a long time. He acted as if we weren't even in the hall during the Intermission.

The opera was one of my favorites and as a payback for the fantastic center- aisle-ten-rows back seats she had gotten, I had made a reservation to treat her to a late supper at one of my favorites, La Cote Basque. I fell in love with the place when I first came to the city and have loved it ever since. The food was superb as usual, it should be for the price they charge, and the wine was acceptable. I, big shot that I am, went against the sommeliers recommendation and we paid the price for it. Ah, it wasn't too bad but not as nice as I would have liked.

We hit a couple of late drinking spots and danced at one of them. The guys seemed to like the looks of our breasts bulging from our new evening dresses. No problem, none of them turned us on and we were soon grabbing a cab for the ride back down to Battery Park. Ann had been far less than her normal jovial self and I couldn't get out of her what was wrong. "Nothing, everything's fine," was all she would say. And her face would light up into a huge but what appeared to me to be a forced smile.

The cab ride back only took twenty minutes or so and since my place was first along the route I invited her up for a nightcap. She accepted but wasn't real enthusiastic about it. 

"Ann, will it be wine, whisky, gin or vodka?" I asked, sounding very much like a bartender.

"A glass of any red wine you have will be fine."

She was halfway between the kitchen and the living room when she said that and I turned to see a very long face on her. I put everything down and went over and put my arms around her saying, "Ann, let it out. You have been miserable most of the night. You can't go on like this."

The tears were flowing like Niagara and she started to sob. I put one hand behind her head and pulled her to my shoulder and had the other hand patting the middle of her back. 

"Ann, what is it? Tell me, perhaps I can help."

"You can't Judy, it's something that happened back up at my parents house."

"Well, I certainly can't force you to tell me but I'm right here if you think I might be able to help."

I removed my arms from around her and grabbed the two glasses and ushered her out to the living room. She was sitting on the sofa and I had an easy chair facing her. We started some small conversation about nothing very important when she put the glass down on the end table and began crying as loud as I had ever heard. Her sobs were heart wrenching. I went over and sat besides her holding her the way I had before and she soon had her head buried in the crook of my neck.

"It's about my father. He drinks too much and had a car accident last night. His car is totaled and he doesn't have the money to get another one. His insurance company dropped him a month ago and he's in big trouble with the state for driving without insurance. 

"Can you loan him some money for another car? It doesn't have to be a Rolls Royce but just something for him to get around in. He can go into the uninsured motorists' pool for his insurance. It will cost him a lot more but at least he will be able to drive."

"I don't know. I have been giving him money for the last year or so for all kinds of things and I'm almost broke." She answered.

"Hell, maybe I can help out for a little. It won't be enough for a Cadillac but it will get him to and from the grocery store and the doctors."

"Judy, I couldn't do that. We are just friends, you don't have to loan me what little you have just because my father is a drunk. I'll take the money out of my 401K Plan." Her sobbing began again as she said those words.

I lifted her face off my neck up so she was facing me and dropped my mouth close to hers. She was staring at me every inch that I moved my face and when our lips touched I could feel her shudder. My arms went around her as I pulled her to me. When our long kiss ended all I could say was, "Hush honey. We'll work it out." 

My Fort Knox Dress was getting a little crushed and tear stained so I said, "Let me up a minute."

I dropped the dress to the floor immediately picking it up and draping it carefully over a nearby chair. I was now in my bra and panties. "Ann, you might want to do the same as long we are just hanging around and lets go back to my bedroom while we are up and about anyway." 

She did and I was floored. She too was now in bra and panties and she had the loveliest shape of any I had ever seen.

I pulled her down on the bed and she sat with her face nuzzled against my neck again and her sobs were tearing me up as well as her. Patting her back helped her a little but she moved right to me when I pulled her up again so our mouths were facing each other's. Once again when our lips touched she threw her arms behind my neck and pulled me to her so hard I could barely breathe. 

Her tongue was deep inside of my mouth and I let my hand drop to her breasts and lifted her bra up and over them so they were standing free with no encumbrance. They were firm as could be with large rock hard nipples. Damn they felt nice. I used the same hand to unhook my own bra and let my breasts free to rub against hers. I spent a second or two lining them up so when I pulled myself against her again our breasts were touching nipples to nipples. This got to me big time and I could feel her starting to breathe faster and harder.

This time it was her hand that was doing the wandering and it crept down my chest and then abdomen and slid under the rim of my panties. She kept it going so she had a couple of fingers spreading my pussy lips and then she was very busy sliding back the covering on my clit. When my hood slides back the clit is huge and protrudes at least an inch.

I gently pushed her on her back, pulled down both of our panties and slid over on top of her with our lips locked in place and just let out clits touch ever so lightly. I continued with the huge kiss and then did something I did a long time ago with another woman. I started to clit fuck her. My hard and protruding clit was aimed right at hers and I pushed my hips forward so it was just lightly touching hers. Hers is more like a normal clit in that it doesn't really protrude much when it is aroused so it was hard for mine to touch it. I then thought it would be best if we assumed the 'scissors' position to get around that difficulty. We lay with one leg in front of each other's chest and the other leg up behind her back. This put our pussies, and more importantly our clits, close enough so they were almost in direct contact. When my clit hit hers she jumped as if she had been hit with an electric cattle prod. She screamed so loudly I honestly thought the people in the next apartment would be knocking on the door. They must have been out for nothing happened. 

I was grinding mine around hers and she was pushing hers against mine as hard as she could. I could hear her breathing harder and faster and it wasn't going to be long before both of us were exploding. She came first and was pulling against my leg that was up on her chest while she was still grinding her pussy hard against mine. That made me even more aroused and I had my orgasm right behind her. Whew, it was awesome.

"Judy, I have wanted to be close to you since the first time we met but I had no idea it would ever happen like this. I have only ever been with one other gal and we just did the normal girl-girl things but this was unbelievable. Where did you ever learn it?"

"I too have only been with very few other gals and one woman, a good few years older than me, taught it to me. I hadn't done it in years but am I ever glad I remembered it now with you." 

We slid around so we were facing and just held each other tightly. 

"Ann, it's a Friday night and neither of us have to go to work in the morning. How about staying for the night. You can use some of my clothes if that would worry you. We are basically the same size with the exception of those beautiful tits of yours?" With that I slid my hand over to them and just began to slowly caress her nipples. They must be a full 34 C and she has the largest and darkest areolas I ever saw. Damn, they turned me on by just looking at them, never mind caressing them, 

"Ann, do you just go with women or do you like to fuck men as well?"

"Judy, I love to suck a cock and have one pounding deep inside of me but I haven't met any guys here that I feel comfortable with. How about you?" 

"I go out with a guy every now and then whenever I get so horny I can't stand not being near a stiff cock any longer but I haven't seen him in a long while." 

She moved away a little and then slid down in front of me.

When her face was level with my crotch she let her hand reach out and used a couple of fingers to spread my pussy lips wide. She moved her face in closer so my clit was n reach of her tongue. She soon had her lips sort of squeezing the hood around my clit doing her best to encourage my clit to come out and play again. Sure enough she was able to get it out and then she just slipped her lips in closer and was sucking my clit as if it were a drinking straw. Whew, it felt terrific. She did that for a few minutes and then, while still holding my pussy lips open with her fingers, explored and licked every little fold in the inner and outer lips of my pussy. She finally squished her face deep against my vagina and just moved her face around and around my now soaked pussy lips. "Oh Judy, I have wanted to do that for so long." She sighed.

Well honey keep going for you will soon have me having another orgasm with the way you are treating it. She dove right back to the task at hand and sure enough I was soon throwing my self from side to side of the bed as her mouth kept up its action. It wasn't another minute later that I was exploding, She lapped up every drop of my juices and finally finished me off by finger fucking me with a couple of her long thin fingers. "Ann, I don't know where you learned to eat pussy but you are something else again." 

We finally got to sleep but awoke a lot earlier than either of would have normally on a Saturday morning and I was looking straight at the loveliest pussy imaginable and the lips of it weren't more than three inches from my mouth. What was I to do? It didn't take me a nanosecond to decide. I raised a hand and let two of my fingers spread her puffy lips to make room for my face in to search out her clit. I could feel the hood covering it but for some reason it was hiding and didn't seem to want to some out to play. I curled my tongue lengthwise in sort of a drinking straw fashion and went after it that way. I was actually using my tongue as a straw and was soon able to unsheathe the missing clit. As soon as it popped out Ann went a little nuts again. She rolled over so her pussy was holding my face to the bed and she started to grind it against me. I let my hand wander around to her ass and soon had a couple of my fingers soaked with her juices and slipped first one and then both up her ass to my first knuckles. She went absolutely bananas. She lifted her ass in the air and was twirling her hips with my fingers still inside of her tight little asshole while she was howling, not just whimpering but making a very loud noise best described as a howl. I had surely discovered a very erotic spot on my little Ann. Her orgasm was right there and she threw herself back down on the bed, as she was dry fucking the mattress with my two fingers still probing her ass.
