 Chapter 03: At Lucy's house

"How long was I asleep for?" I sat up on the bed and saw Lucy was sitting on the only other piece of furniture in the room -- a reclining chair in the corner. 

"Long enough, Sleeping Beauty. How do you feel?" 

"Oh I feel amazing," I said, arching my back a little. "That was so good -- thank you so much."

"You don't have to thank me -- believe me it was a pleasure. Your body is gorgeous. You taste delicious too." 

I noticed that she was still fully dressed. "Why am I in the nude while you've still got all your clothes on?" I said in a cutesy voice. 

She smiled. "If you're feeling up to it, we can change that." 

I smiled. "Ohh, yes please."

Lucy stood up and came to the side of the bed. She stood far enough away that I could see almost all her body from where I lay. 

"You know ... I caught you a few times taking a look at me while I was getting changed at the gym. You were sly about but I knew you were doing it. Sometimes I stayed undressed longer than I needed to, just so you could have a better look." She chuckled.

"Hmmmm, I think you'll enjoy this. Put a pillow behind your head and make yourself comfortable." I propped myself up and gazed at her. 

Slowly Lucy lifted her shirt over her head and for the first time I got a good look at her pits. Her underarm hairs were long and thick and dark. S

She moved her hands behind her back and undid her bra. She let it fall off her front and I looked at her tits. They were big and full. She had large aeolos and her nipples were slightly puffy. She began to play with them, teasing the nipples out, making them hard. She was licking her fingers and rubbing the saliva into her nipples and I thought I could see a small ring of soft dark hairs around them. 

"God, she's hot," I thought.

She slowly lifted her left arm into the air and I gazed at her pit. She took her other hand and ran her fingers through the hairs. Then she trapped the hairs between her fingers and pulled them - I could see tiny beads of sweat coming off the hairs and onto her fingertips. She slowly sucked her fingers. 

She then raised her right arm but she turned her body so she was side-on, with her right side towards me. To look at me she had to look past her armpit. She turned her face towards me and stuck out her tongue. She began to lick the skin of her armpit, just touching the hairs with each stroke. She started at the bottom of her pit and worked her way up. Then she used her other hand and took a clump of her hairs and pushed them into her mouth. I let out a cry of desire and watched as Lucy casually sucked the hairs, letting them slowly slip out of her mouth. She repeated this action again and again. 

Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion, with Lucy revelling in the knowledge that I could not take my eyes off her.

Then she turned to face me again and leaned forward, taking her big tits in her hands. He squeezed them and played with the nipples again before she stood up and directed my vision to her belly. There under her belly button I could see a line of criss-crossed dark hairs that led from her belly button down, disappearing into the top of her gym shorts. 

She played with her treasure trail, pulling the hairs away from the skin. Then she slid her finger up and down -- each time getting closer to the top of her shorts. When her finger did go under the cloth she then whipped her shorts down and kicked them away. She stood there with her legs apart, now only wearing white underwear. 

I stared at her mound, which seemed to be trying to push out from under the panties. At the top of her thighs, outside the white cloth, were little patches of curly black hairs. Lucy put her hands behind her head again and I looked up and down her body.  

She turned around and I admired her wide shoulders and strong back. I found out later she was a champion field athlete in high school and a competitive swimmer, too. She began to pull her panties down slowly, revealing her round, defined butt cheeks. Her underwear was at her knees now and she let them drop to the floor. She bent over to remove them and my eyes followed the line of her ass crack down. 

I could see dark hairs in her ass and as she bent over further I could see the thick layer of hair on the back of her vag. She straightened and turned around but she had her hands together across the front of her crotch. "Enjoying it so far?" she said. 

"Oh God, yes. I love looking at you ... I can't wait until you move your hands," I said. 

"It looks like you enjoying it," she replied, smiling, looking at my bush. I hadn't taken my eyes off Lucy and without realising it my hand had gone to my inner thighs and I had been rubbing my clit.

I looked back at Lucy and she took her hands away, revealing her beautiful, thick bush. I was like a triangle of dark curly hairs, that got thicker the closer you went to the middle. Lucy began to play with the hairs at the edges -- they were dark but not as thick and I could see skin underneath. 

She pulled them out, revealing their length. Then she put all her fingers together in the middle of her bush and dragged them through her hairs, outwards towards her thighs. She did this several times. All I wanted to do was touch her but she'd made sure I was not in arms reach. She put her hands on her hips and said, "I think you need a better view."

She came to the edge of the bed and to my surprise, stood up on it, with her feet planted on either side of my knees. I was flat on my back and now had a view of the front of her pussy, between her thighs and glimpses of her ass. She had large, meaty pussy lips and I could see them through the hairs. 

She let me take in the view and then me moved further up the bed until she had one foot on either side of my head. I looked up between her toned thighs and moaned with desire. I wanted to touch her so badly. Slowly Lucy bent her knees and began to squat, bringing her pussy and ass closer to my face. Inch by inch it came towards me and I opened my mouth in anticipation. She was hovering just above me and I put out my tongue as she eased herself onto her knees and placed her bush onto my face. I worked my tongue over her outer lips, first one side then the other, and then pushed my tongue as deep as I could into her open slit. She tasted divine.

I did not want to stop licking and Lucy put her hand under my head and began to guide me -- she kept moving my face so my tongue could touch another part of her. She began moving her hips, very slowly, and was rubbing her crotch across and up & down my whole face, not just my mouth. I had to close my eyes as I felt her thick hairs rubbing across my cheeks and all the way up to my forehead. It was if she was trying to smother me with her sex and I could smell her pussy juice and her sweat. I loved it.

After she had rubbed herself all over my face she guided my mouth and I slipped my tongue deep inside her and at the same time I wrapped my mouth around part of one of her large pussy lips and began to suck on it. I was taking her hairs into my mouth at the same time. She moaned. 

I continued to use the same action and moved my mouth around her pussy until I had taken every part of both her meaty flaps into my mouth. Lucy was breathing heavily and she moved herself forward so her asshole was above my tongue. I moved my tongue in a circular motion around the hairs at the edge of her ass and she again put her hand under my head and pushed my face into her. Because of our position, it felt like my whole face was going inside her. 

She took her hand away and positioned herself so her clit was right in my mouth. It was large, much bigger than mine and it was swollen. I could see it poking out from under its hood. I took it into my mouth -- licked it, sucked it, caressed it with my tongue. Lucy's breathing was getting heavier and she began moving her hips back and forth in short movements, like someone riding a rocking horse. She was moaning frequently now and her movements were getting faster and more intense. Her clit was between my tongue and top lip and I was sucking it, breathing through my nose, my eyes open so I could watch her bush rub against my face.

Lucy was working herself to orgasm and she was panting and groaning until she took big gasp of air and let out a long, deep wailing sound. I moved my tongue from her clit and slipped it into her pussy, leaving it still so I could feel her vag muscles contract around it while she orgasmed. After a while she began sighing, a deeply contented sound and she moved herself off me and lay on her back, legs wide open and arms outstretched. "That was amazing," she whispered. "I'm just going to lay here and bliss out." She closed her eyes. 

I sat up and then kneeled beside her. I took to opportunity to again admire her beautiful hairy body and I gazed at her thick pit hair and then moved my attention to her gaping wet pussy. I had a feeling I would be seeing them all again, often ... and I was right.