 Allison is blind-sided by her first lesbian experience.

I was just beginning to feel the effects of the wine. It was my second glass, and it rested on my knee as I sat on the plush leather sectional sofa. The sitting room was elegant-quiet and comfortable with a large window wall to my right, looking out into a small enclosed courtyard, tastefully planted and very private. 

The Asian woman across from me was probably somewhere in her mid-40's, sitting with her bare feet tucked underneath, and holding her own glass of wine. She was wearing a short, white robe—and both she and her robe looked like they had been freshly laundered. She was certainly pretty, but not the kind of spectacular beauty that turns heads. I sat fully clothed, complete with slacks and heels and a nice linen blouse, starting to feel slightly dressy for the occasion. That would all change soon.

I suppose I should backtrack and tell you something about myself and where I was-and what I was doing there in the first place. My name is Allison, but it was all my little sister Andrea's fault, if fault is the right word. I made the mistake of confiding to her that I thought I was going through some sort of midlife crisis. I was still a damn attractive forty eight year old, I could honestly say-and I had just about everything any woman could ask for: a prestigious college education, marriage to a successful stock broker, two grown kids, beautiful home, nice cars, money to spend, the works. And I was unhappy as hell.

"Andy, I'm unhappy as hell", I said to her one afternoon over coffee, "And I'm ashamed to be complaining. Just look around. Most women would kill for this lifestyle."

"When's the last time you got laid?" Andrea gets right to the point.

"None of your business."

"I thought so."

"Well," I answered, defensively, "Jack is out of town a lot but it's not so much about frequency as it is about quality. I suppose it's an old story, but the spark...well, you know."

"How is he at licking your pussy?"

"Andy, now really!"

"So, now really answer my question." 

"Not so good, if you absolutely must know. Jack is more inclined to get right to the main course. 'Big client meeting tomorrow,' and stuff like that."

"Poor baby. Hey, you want me to get Jason to come over and go down on you? He's terrific."

"Stop!" 

That's how it all started. My headstrong, utterly shameless sister then proceeded to tell me more than I ever wanted to know about her own sex life. In spite of my slight discomfort with her candor I began fantasizing about taking her up on her offer regarding her husband. Not only was Jason financially well off, thanks to his chain of local sporting goods stores, he was also one sweet guy-and a hunk to boot. Andrea was lucky to have grabbed him and, kidding around or not, I couldn't quite shake the mental picture of the top of Jason's head between my thighs. God, I really must be going through midlife crisis.

Now, dear reader, if you thought this was going to lead to my bedding down my sister's husband, I'm sorry to disappoint you. It's not going to happen. But here's what did:

A week or so later Andrea called.

"What are you doing two weeks from tomorrow?" she asked.

"I dunno, let me look...that would be a Friday. Nothing, I guess. Jack will be out of town...again."

"I know. You told me. Take down this address and phone; they'll be expecting you." She read the information over the phone.

"Wait a minute, Andy, I can't just..."

"Yes you can. And it won't even cost you anything. Consider it an early birthday present from your favorite sister. Bye."

The name of the place was simply Spa, and it came highly recommended as being absolutely the place to go if you're an unhappy housewife with unlimited funds. In addition to offering up the usual therapeutic regimens designed to chase away the stresses of higher living, Spa prided itself in digging deeper into their guest's personal lives. What they did from there was unclear, and it was kept that way deliberately. Paraphrasing the advertising slogan: "What goes on here, stays here."

It was about an hour's drive-off the main road into a pretty wooded area that gave the impression of being more secluded than it actually was. It was late evening by the time I arrived and turned my car over to the attendant, who parked it and took care of my two small pieces of luggage. If outward appearances were any indication, the place was worth every penny of whatever exorbitant bill they would hand my sister. After checking in I'd planned to stop for a nightcap but I was more tired than I thought-I barely remember crawling into bed.

Now, after a wonderfully sound night's sleep and a late breakfast, I was sitting opposite the Asian in the fresh robe and bare feet. It seemed to be a sort of verbal orientation/get acquainted session. Her name was Lin and she was to be my personal therapist or some such thing, who would work toward banishing whatever anxieties I was harboring and send me home feeling like a new woman. It turns out Lin was Asian in appearance only. She was born in Oklahoma City, of all places and we laughed about her being about as Asian as I was. We chatted a long time about everything under the sun-our families, where we went to school, boyfriends and girlfriends, favorite movies...then:

"Allison, take off your blouse." 

"I beg your pardon?" 

"Your sister Andrea told me you were having some trouble with intimacy. We may as well start with your learning to feel comfortable undressed."

"That little snot! What? I'm supposed to just sit here and..."

Lin only smiled. And waited. 

"Oh, what the hell!" I said finally, and began unbuttoning my blouse, remembering too late that the bra I was wearing was practically see-through.

"I love your bra. I love your nipples, too. Does this embarrass you?"

"Yes."

"Then we'll just talk some more, and maybe in a little while you'll decide to take off your bra as well."

So we talked some more, and she was right. Gradually, the more we chatted, the less uncomfortable I became-and the more personal the conversation got. Pretty soon we were talking about really private things-sex toys, fantasies, anal sex. I thought I felt my nipples getting hard, but it was probably just a little chilly.

"You have a terrific body for someone your...I should say our age. Nice full breasts-I have these little Chinese boobs."

"Thank you...I guess." I found myself wanting to look under her robe. 

"Have you ever had sex with a woman?" Lin asked, suddenly. Holy crap!

"This really is getting personal, isn't it?"

"You're evading the question. Have you?"

"No, nev... Well, wait a second... Okay, this probably doesn't count, but ages ago when I was in college, the girls in our sorority were smoking a little pot and playing truth or dare. My roommate's dare was to lick my nipples for thirty seconds while all the other girls watched and counted off the time."

"So she did."

"Yes."

"And, did you enjoy it?"

"We were all being silly, of course, but honestly...yes it felt...nice. I think Beth must have been really good at it. I remember she and I made eye contact and smiled at each other when the time was up, and I gave Beth's boob a little squeeze as a sort of thank you. But that was as far as it ever got; we never followed up on it or anything...sexually, I mean."

"That's a nice memory. Do you think about it often?"

"God, yes. I think about it always...when I masturbate."

Lin and I looked at each other and neither of us said anything for what seemed like an eternity. Finally I put down my wine glass, sighed, and unhooked my bra.

That afternoon I was scheduled for a massage-after all, what would a Spa be without a massage? Except this one turned out to be one I'll remember forever. We were in the same room but a low partition separated it from the rest of the area, making it seem even more private. I was completely undressed now, of course, lying face down on the massage table with a little towel covering my butt. Lin was in her short robe, fussing with oils and such, a few feet away.

"Okay, here are the rules," she said. "The point of this session is to foster a comfortable intimacy-so touching is allowed. Both ways. I'll be giving you the hands-on massage you'd expect, but I'll also pay attention to some more intimate areas if you seem to be interested. I play it by ear, as they say. And, within reason, you can touch me as well. Does that surprise you?"

"Very much... Look, I'm not really sure I can do this."

"Oh, I'll bet you can. Everything will be absolutely consensual-nothing is ever done against your will. If I begin to do something you really don't want me to do, say 'stop' and I'll stop immediately. Does that make you feel better?"

"I...think so."

Surprisingly, she began with my feet, letting the warm oil smooth out the itchy indentations my shoe straps had left. She kneaded the backs of my calves and behind my knees, eventually working her way up to my thighs. Nice. Then she gently spread my legs, giving her access to the insides of my thighs, but right before she reached the point where I might have said "stop," she retreated. I couldn't decide whether I was relieved or disappointed. 

More oil, and she was doing my neck and shoulders. Lin's hands were magic; I could feel my reluctance leave by the second. Then, something interesting: As she reached over me, her robe parted just enough for me to get a quick glimpse of silky black pubic hair. She was naked underneath.

Now it was my turn to get personal. "You don't shave, do you, Lin?"

"You've been peeking."

I pressed on, impishly: "Do you shave your underarms? I've heard that a lot of Asian women don't shave under their arms." 

"That's my secret. And who's Asian? I'm from Oklahoma, remember?"

Lin was concentrating on my torso now, first lingering on my own cleanly shaven armpits (Why wasn't this ticklish?) and edging her way down along the sides of my rib cage, including those soft areas where my breasts were just beginning. Then she removed the towel and began working my butt cheeks. Oddly, it never even occurred to me to object to her kneading my ass-it just plain felt good.

Then up the middle of my spine to my neck, massaging each vertebrae with her thumbs-still more oil, and all the way back down past my tailbone, finally stopping right at my anal entrance. I held my breath. She made a few little circles there, being playful now...

"You okay with this?"

"Oh God. I guess...maybe..." And before I could say any more, I felt a slippery finger go into my ass. Not very far-maybe up to the first knuckle-then pause, a slight movement inside, and back out before I could really think about it. A little tease. It startled me, and I let out a tiny gasp. It was...different, but not especially unpleasant.

"Damn you, Lin! You're playing with my head."

"Actually, Allison, I was playing with your ass, but I thought you were due for a surprise. Now turn over and I'll see what else I can come up with."

"Not until I find out if you shave under your arms." We were sparring now; maybe I was just trying to get back at her. Besides, women's underarm hair, being slightly taboo, had my curiosity aroused. Now I honest-to-god really wanted to know. 

Lin looked at me and finally gave in. She came closer, smiled, and then put both hands behind her head by way of invitation. I reached inside her robe and felt-yes! The hair was slightly damp from sweat and, to my surprise, I found it vaguely sexy. Did I have a fetish? I gave her boob a playful squeeze on the way out, like I had done with my old roommate. Lin's breasts weren't quite as tiny as she'd said.

Normally, lying on my back, I would have felt more undressed than I did. That little towel covering my pubic area really didn't cover very much and my nipples were right out there like an advertising sign. But talking about all those personal things earlier this morning while sitting there with bare breasts, Lin's little anal tease, and my reaching under her robe moments ago-they were all having their effect. Lin and I had now been intimate with each other, even if only a little bit-and I was beginning to feel comfortable with my nakedness. 

Lin was now standing at the head of the massage table. She did each of my arms in turn, starting with my fingers and working her way toward my upper arms and shoulders. She continued down to my chest, paused there a moment like she was deliberating, then just went ahead and cupped both my breasts in her oily hands and began to knead them.

I sucked in a breath.

Lin looked down at me. "Was that a 'stop'?"

"...Oh, hell no. Go for it." 

She proceeded with more confidence, now. She'd squeeze my breasts, then make circles around my areolas, then take my nipples between two fingers and roll them. Then she'd work her way down past my navel and just barely brush the beginning of my pubic hair, and back up again. She was good-and I was beginning to feel the effects.

Then something else: Each time Lin reached down toward my lower belly, her pubes came within inches of my face and-I wasn't sure at first, but then... Yes. That unmistakable smell. Very subtle, but I could smell Lin's sex. Omigod, I was turning her on!

Now things were beginning to get confusing. I had no idea what Lin's sexual orientation was, and considering all that had been going on, I was beginning to have questions about my own. But that aside, I had this sense of exhilaration, knowing that I-a late middle aged woman, was making another human being sexually aroused. It made me feel...well... wanted-something that had been increasingly missing in my personal life, if I were to be honest about it. And if that other human being happened to be a woman, well, so be it. I'd sort that out later.

Down along my rib cage, along either side of my pubes, way down to the beginnings of the inside of my thighs. Oh, that's nice. The towel went away and it felt cool on my...wetness? I parted my legs slightly-then a little wider. Her hands came back up the middle, right over the top of my pubes-oh, fuck it-of my pussy. Then up under my breasts, along the sides and into my armpits. Down again to my nipples. Making more little slippery circles. 

There it was again. That smell. Not strong, certainly not offensive- clean soap smell, mixed with that earthy aroma of...a woman. 

I finally had to say it. Carefully, softly, I practically whispered: "Lin, I can...smell you."

I could hear her breathing now. "I'm not...surprised. Tell me...what do... I smell like?"

"Like a woman who's...getting excited. Lin, I'm making you excited, aren't I?"

Lin said nothing, but came around to the side of the table and took my hand. Propping one foot up to spread her legs open, she pressed the palm of my hand up into her crotch and helped one of my fingers slide between her lips. She was slippery, sopping wet. 

"Does that answer your question?" She asked.

After that, whatever sense of propriety that was left was pretty much thrown to the winds and everything became a blur. Lin's arousal was contagious. Truth be told, I was more than halfway there already, but what I was feeling now was way different from any of my expectations. We were careening along this sexually charged, girl/girl path-and, for me, it was a heady, erotic venture into uncharted territory. Most surprisingly, I didn't give a shit.

We were both totally into it now. Lin reached down and placed the flat of her hand right on my swollen pussy and began moving it in broad circles. A couple of fingers finally found their way and began massaging my clit. Oh, yes- I was as wet as I could ever remember.

"Stop?" She asked, as her fingers slipped deep into my vagina. 

"Uh..." I grunted, feeling her inside me. "Don't you dare."

Then, with her other hand on my breast she bent down and kissed me full on the mouth. Our tongues found each other and danced. I sucked at her bottom lip and she gave mine a tiny bite in return. My hand was still between her legs and I let my fingers explore her slippery cunt. God, how wet she is!

Suddenly she was on top of me, her robe fully open and her not-so-tiny breasts dangling over my face as an invitation. I took one of her breasts into my mouth and licked. I licked her nipples, I licked between her breasts, I licked her sweat from underneath, I licked the sides of her breasts and up into those lovely hairy armpits. This was clearly adding to her arousal; Lin's eyes were closed and her breath was coming in short little gasps.

She blurted out, "If this is...what your roommate was...doing to you I'd have ripped her clothes off and...jumped her right there in front of everybody!"

Then she slid down and began returning the favor, sucking on my nipples, which were now rock hard. She sucked and licked and I could feel my ears tingle. Lin was amazing. Her tongue traced around my areolas, round and round-then staccato flicks on my nipples. Heavenly! Then she explored farther down, giving my navel a few licks along the way, farther down...and down...until... 

"Oh God..." 

It was really going to happen.

My legs were spread wide now, and she buried her face into my pussy. Her hands held my thighs as she licked my clit in long, long strokes, then stabbed into my vagina with her tongue. I could actually feel my juices trickling down my crack. While her tongue was busy with my vagina, I felt one of her fingers slip into my ass-for real this time-and I didn't care. All the way in now, and I felt her finger moving gently back and forth inside while her tongue was doing the most fantastic things to my pussy. The double sensation added another dimension, and my hips began moving in response. 

"Uh...uh...uh..." I grunted in rhythm. Forget my fantasy about Jason eating my pussy; this was beyond anything I'd ever imagined.

"Uh...uuuuuh..." 

I was getting perilously close to an orgasm. My mind was racing: Not yet, Lin. Please, not yet! I wanted this to play out longer before I came. Please, not yet...please...

"STOP!" I finally yelled. It was the only thing I could think of to do. "I want your wet Chinese cunt up here so I can taste what I've been smelling!"

We both began to laugh at the tastelessness of my remark, but it was only momentary-we were way too horny now to get seriously sidetracked. Lin crawled up to the head of the table and straddled my face. Her robe had gone away someplace and for the first time I was able to enjoy seeing her totally naked. I caught glimpse of a little tattoo. I held one of her ass cheeks in each hand; she reached down, spread her pussy lips wide for me to see , then lowered herself down into my face. Unlike mine, her Asian pubic hair was silky fine as it touched my nose and cheek. It was warm-and oh, so wet!

This was entirely new for me. I don't think I'd ever had another woman's pussy even close to my face before, and here was Lin, her black pubic hair wet with her excitement, inviting me to eat her out. Maybe I had learned from what she had done to me moments ago-but I didn't feel any confusion about what I should do to her. I licked and probed and teased and smelled-and tasted her sex. And she began responding-more vocally now.

Very softly: "...ooh..." She said, so very softly, as my tongue played with her clit. I dragged my fingers between her wet pussy lips. Then I spread her ass cheeks and worked a finger, slippery with her juices, into her ass-just a little bit, then back out. It was my own little tease-my little payback. I inserted two fingers in her vagina and I was working on a third. My tongue was caressing her clit with big long strokes as her hips moved her pussy over my tongue.

"...oh...ohhh..." Almost a whimper now. I could feel her getting closer. 

Lin reached back and began rubbing my clit, keeping my excitement right up there along with hers. She was grinding her crotch into my face, her eyes half closed, her breathing short and erratic.
