 This is my first (public) offering so I am very open to suggestions.

This story serves as an introduction to Alex (and her subsequent adventures). This particular adventure (is part one) with her 20-something downstairs neighbor.

~~~~~

It was hot.

Not that Alex minded, she rather liked the heat and the humidity. Sometimes she even liked the way the sweat rolled in a lazy line down her back to pool right above her small ass. 

Like today.

She stood in the bay window of her 2nd floor apartment in the Bed Stuy brownstone she lived in letting the breeze stir the sheer blinds and tickle her skin where it wasn't covered by her little black bra and little boy-cut panties and sighed as she followed the trail of sweat with her mind, all the while pretending that it was the fingertips or better, she shivered, the tongue of her downstairs neighbor.

As if she wasn't hot enough, the thought of Nina - with her firm twenty-something brown skin with just a hint of red underneath and her thick natural hair, perfect for pulling, perfect for helping to reveal the delicate line of her throat - for exposing the hollow of her neck to Alex' desires - her large dark brown eyes that slightly crinkled in the corners as she laughed spilling amusement down her perfect ripe shape - always sent her blood racing. She knew that at 34, she wasn't that old, but each time she saw Nina she felt the difference a decades makes. She also felt, despite knowing better, unfailingly aroused. Alex had been avoiding her for months after she discovered that their bedrooms were right on top of each other. 

It wasn't that she could hear Nina with the way luckier than they knew boys she brought home. She never heard Nina then, only the desperation of the boys, their desperation to claim her. It wasn't generally her sleepy eyes as kissed them at the door and kicked them out (Alex, had seen them leave on more than one occasion, and Nina always with the same still face for them and slight flicker of... neighborly recognition, mingled with amusement Alex supposed, as she saw her). No, it was when she could hear her, when she was alone and left to her own devices. Only then, did Alex hear the Nina draw from herself songs the boys could not. 

The first time Alex heard her she was deep within a delicious fantasy about her philosophy professor, James. She imagined herself on her knees underneath the professor's desk and between her legs under her floor length leather skirt. The professor was teaching a class on restraint and Kant while Alex, trapped, and the most willing prey, inhaled her musk and the leather of her prison and buried her tongue as far as she could in the Ph.D.'s hot beautiful cunt. Alex allowed herself a little moan. Okay, a loud moan... she was so close in both the fantasy and on her 300 thread-count sheets and that was when she heard it.

She'd been so wrapped up that she must not have heard Nina come in below, but there was no mistaking it, Nina was... It sounded like... like humming but instead of getting higher, the tones got lower, longer and definitely progressing to an endpoint. Alex had come with the realization that Nina was coming. It was a shocking orgasm, hard, fast and loud [soSoloud] and over before she realized that she was laying back, panting, and listening to her downstairs neighbor like humming coming off of the drums.

Alex had been embarrassed. No one wanted to hear their neighbor coming - well, okay, Alex admitted to herself, she rather liked hearing Nina come, but no one wanted to... attract the gaze or the lust or the fantasies of their lesbian neighbor when one was a beautiful straight woman. Also, as much as Alex got off on the thought of being heard by someone that she fancied, she tried to limit herself to being super vocal only when she knew that her neighbors weren't home. That wasn't difficult with the upstairs neighbors, their bedroom was in the back of the house and they were both rarely home and rarely in the front room. And though she'd wanted to devour Nina since the first time she'd seen her, she imagined that Nina would feel uncomfortable about hearing her. 

But it seemed like Nina took a different tact.

As she stood in her window, her nipples hardened as she heard the first strains of Nina. It was strange, she thought, she hadn't seen or heard any boys in Nina's apartment for a couple of months now, and lately she'd heard Nina a lot. And it always turned her on. So she tried to wait for Nina to go out to relieve the pressure building up from the wanting to fuck Nina and be deeply fucked by her professor but it seemed like, suddenly, Nina always home and always masturbating when Alex was home. Even now, Alex mused, she'd been out for a couple of hours at the gym, Nina could have fucked herself silly while she was out but here she was at it again. From the sounds of it, Nina was having a fantastic time. Alex imagined her luscious breasts with their nipples hard, her skin lightly beaded with perspiration, Alex' whole body shuddered with arousal. 

She bit her lip.

She bit her lip and brushed her fingers across her bra.

A moan escaped, Jesus! So much louder than she intended and floated right out of the open window... Nina continued downstairs, her voice rising.

Alex ran to the bathroom. A shower, yes, a shower was what she needed.

She turned the water on and jumped in before it had even reached optimum temperature. The cold cascade hit her scalding skin and stung. It felt good, like teeth, she wondered if Nina liked to bite, she wondered if... if a cold shower might be better than a hot one after all.

As she turned off the water in the shower, Alex could hear that Nina had stopped, but also that Nina was drawing herself a bath. Her mind, only slightly more clear, could not stand the tease so she quickly threw on some clothes, grabbed her bag with her philosophy work and left the house for the coffee shop taking the vision of sliding herself into all of the spaces that the hot water of Nina's bath would reach with her.

When she headed back to the brownstone an hour later, Alex felt better. Sure, she'd gotten distracted about a fantasy in which James tied her to the desk in the middle of a lecture hall and fucked her under the lights, but at least that fantasy did not live behind the doors she needed to pass to get to her apartment. Not to mention the fact that she'd used to the coffee shop bathroom to quickly and quietly get herself off before returning to her reading. She felt relaxed and slightly sun glazed but as she neared the house, she prayed that Nina would be gone.

But Nina wasn't gone. Alex could hear the murmurs of her television through the open window as she climbed up the stoop and then, just as she was closing the front door behind her, Nina's door opened. She poked her head out, the smell of French vanilla wafting out of her apartment behind her.

"Hey."

The sound of Nina's voice hit Alex' ears and she immediately became wet. It was, as smooth and darkly radiant as her skin. It glowed like honey and started a fire low in Alex' belly. She wanted to run. More than that she wanted to push Nina against her door, pull down her shortshorts just enough to get her fingers into her and fuck her, fuck her until her arm gave out.

"I was hoping it'd be you."

Alex was so far into her fantasy - after her arm tired, Nina had pulled her into her apartment by her jeans and was purring. Purring as she stepped out of those shorts and pulled off her shirt and then pushed Alex to her knees and stood in front of her - that she barely heard what Nina said but she did notice when her full lips turned up into a smile. Her nipples reached toward Nina's mouth. Alex swallowed.

"I'm sorry?"

"No," God, that smile! "Don't be sorry. I mean, be sorry that we've been neighbors for nearly a year and I haven't invited you down." 

Nina smiled again. Alex hoped she hadn't noticed her glance at her crotch. Those shorts she was wearing were SO short and silky and thin. And behind the slip off the shoulder shirt she was wearing, Alex could see her taut high breasts.

"I'm sorry!" 

Alex was losing this battle. All she wanted to do was go down on Nina. She regretted that she hadn't put on underwear as she could feel that wet spot in her jeans growing.

"You apologize a lot. Are you that bad a girl?" 

Nina chuckled. She was very much enjoying this. She never had to be this forward with the men she'd slept with. But then again, she hadn't spent the last few months getting herself off, several times a day, while thinking of any of the men she'd slept with. No, she'd been trying to get Alex' attention and Alex' slim boyish build her bed, dandy styling discarded around her apartment, her full feminine lips on her clit, her long chocolate brown legs wrapped around her head, her strong looking fingers circling inside of her since she first saw her kissing some pinup looking older woman goodbye. 

Alex had started seeing the curvy redhead shortly after she moved in and after secretly listening to them fucking for a couple of blissful weeks, they'd broken up because the redhead was moving overseas for a teaching position.

She'd been transfixed by the way Alex pressed herself into the woman, while at the same time being very much in control of the kiss. From her window, she saw Alex bite the pinup's bottom lip and heard the woman sigh, and then saw Alex expertly run her tongue over the bite and then deliberately into the redhead's waiting mouth. She saw the redhead pull Alex toward her and begin a slow grind with her hips. She imagined how they must have looked, red hair fanning over Alex' naked and waiting brown skin. She imagined the woman's breasts in Alex mouth and the flick of Alex' tongue over them. Her nipples stiffened at the thought. As she watched Alex's mouth work, she thought of all of the times she'd heard them fucking, she thought of all of the places that wonderful mouth had touched on the red head and felt a fiery line of jealousy shoot straight to her cunt. 

Watching Alex use her strong hands to grab her ass and then, firmly, but kindly separate them and then sweetly kiss her goodbye left her wanting Alex' hands on her hips and her glorious mouth between her legs. She was surprised by her response but very, very turned on. She'd been attracted to women before and had even fooled around with them a few times. Each time it had satisfied an itch but had felt like a game, a dalliance. She'd never lusted after the women, she'd never thought about them in their absence, but it was all different with Alex. After seeing that kiss, Nina wanted whatever it was that Alex had done to make that woman moan. 

After the breakup Alex had returned to school and didn't have much time for dating. One day, Nina found herself at home at an unexpected time and she heard Alex calling out some woman's name in the throes of what sounded like a mighty orgasm. She waited to hear the sounds of the new lover and it took a few minutes before she realized that Alex had gotten herself off. She realized that more than hearing the sound of her fucking someone else, she liked hearing Alex fuck herself, and she liked pretending she was the woman Alex was thinking of. She noticed that Alex was very active after on school nights when Nina generally wasn't home and then she wondered if perhaps Alex was simply being quiet. She figured out that Tuesday and Thursday night after class, pretty much without fail, Alex would pleasure herself. She discovered that the more noise she made downstairs in her own apartment, the less noise Alex made upstairs in hers so she began to be very quiet.

She also began to masturbate too. After a couple of weeks of listening to Alex and remembering that kiss, she realized that she was perpetually turned on. And jealous. The regularity with which Alex fucked herself after class led Nina to believe that there was someone IN class that she wanted. One night, when Nina was especially quiet but, she imagined following Alex stroke for stroke and Alex was especially leisurely and loud, she heard her say, "Please, Professor!" and they both came and Nina let herself go. If she was going to be tortured by her hot neighbor imagining someone else, while she was downstairs, three fingers in, writhing with the image of her she felt she deserved some release. She felt like it was time the Alex knew that there were two women draining the batteries of their vibrators in this relationship.

She started waiting for Alex to get home and then masturbating. She wanted to make sure that Alex could hear her. She wanted Alex to come, outside of Tuesday and Thursdays, outside of class nights. She wanted to be the fantasy girl. The first time she heard Alex treating herself on a Sunday afternoon, she knew she'd done it. She spent the entire day playing with her toys and herself, letting her sounds float up Alex. Alex' bashful responses egged her on.

And here she was. Dressed in practically nothing. Her pussy dripping, begging, needing all that Alex could give. She reveled in her shamelessesness. She enjoying the feeling of power but also sluttiness. She didn't care what Alex said, she knew in the way that Alex was working so hard to maintain eye contact and not stare at the breasts that were all but bared for her and to tear her gaze away from her little shorts, that Alex wanted her just as much as Nina wanted Alex. And she knew, that even if it came down to a quickie here in the foyer, Nina was going to fuck and be fucked by Alex tonight.