 CLICK, LATCH, CREeeaaaAK.

Lesley followed Amber into the abysmal shadows of WoodShop. As Amber focused on packing her Student Assistant keys in the front pocket of her backpack, Lesley anxiously peered over her shoulder. Classroom utensils were put away. Chairs stacked atop tables. Drill chords rolled and wire-wrapped.

"Why are we in here? I thought we were escaping Acoustical Physics. You know leave class, not go to other class." Lesley whispered.

"We're in college. You want to have fun right?"

"But WoodShop? Of all the places to skip class, why go to WoodShop?"

"Because there's something I've always wanted to try."

"And we can only do it here?" Lesley whined against the chill of the room.

Amber stared sternly at Lesley. Her bossiness took control. "Grab the mallets."

"Fine." Lesley said, easy to pushover and over-willing to be easy. "How many?"

"As many as you want." Amber said. She ducked into the tool room and grabbed a lamp while Lesley grabbed four mallets from a cabinet.

Amber rushed back into the room bubbling with excitement. She plopped onto her rear, switching the lamp on and digging into her pocket.

"Now what?" Lesley asked.

"Come here, silly!" Amber's voice peaked a little.

"Sh! Calm down. Someone will hear us." Lesley whispered.

Amber bit her lip. Her alluring expression befuddled Lesley as she stumbled to sit opposite Amber.

Lesley frowned at the crackling noise of whatever Amber pulled from her sweatshirt. The room was freezing!

"Are those candy wrappers?" Lesley asked, trying to see what Amber was holding.

"Mine!" Amber winked, retracting the mystery in her palms.

RIP.

"Amber!"

"What?!" Amber said, enticingly coy.

"Condoms! Really, Amber?"

Amber leaned forward and pecked Lesley's lips. "Of course." She winked and giggled as she 'dressed' the mallets' handles. "Really Lesley? Four? Mmmm." She laughed and licked her lips.

Lesley sat bewildered. She was pretty sure her jaw dropped enough she drooled.

Amber stood before Lesley's face, dancing as she removed her shoes, socks and pants.

"Amber! It's too cold!"

"Good! More titillating!"

Lesley blushed, voice caught in awe. Amber was incredibly beautiful. "...."

"Don't be a pussy Lesley."

"...."

"Fine. If you don't want to do it, you can watch." Amber smirked. 

She tossed her underwear at Lesley's face, who blushed. Taking the tip of the covered mallet, Amber slowly sat her wet pussy on it, coming on and off, pressing slightly, squeezing, backing out, pushing more, adjusting to its girth at her pace of pleasure.

Lesley wanted to remove Amber's top, but she knew it was too cold.

Amber, seeing Lesley's interest, removed her hoodie and raised her shirt, tossing the remainder of her garments off.

"Amber! It's too cold! You'll get sick."

"So peel off and keep me warm." Amber moaned as she penetrated herself further.

.... Lesley undressed, without a dance, swift and intent upon warming herself with Amber's body.

Amber placed a mallet in front of her. Pointing, she repeatedly signaled Lesley to sit on it. "Come on. Together."

"...." Lesley wanted to. She'd been wanting Amber all day. But, really, a mallet? Her lips twisted.... "Fine. But don't hurt me."

"Have I ever hurt you?" Amber asked, surprised.

"No.... It's just... it's a mallet. It hammers things...."

"That's the point. It hammers things, and now we're hammering it. 

Gently, of course." Amber said.

Holding the mallet in place, Amber cautiously helped Lesley onto the handle. Lesley had never had something quite so big in her before. Hard, yes, but not thick. Amber circled and stroked Lesley's clit, while licking and sucking Lesley's lips. With her breath and tongue, she traced Lesley's jaw, neck, shoulders. "Mmmm, I love your shoulders, Lesley. So fucking hot." Amber moaned against 

Lesley's skin.

Lesley slowly came onto the mallet while Amber stimulated her readiness. The two pressed and bucked into one another's torso's. 

"I'm ready," she said.

"No, you're not." Amber said. "A little longer."

Their wetness increased. Lesley began to whimper.

"Not yet. Hold it."

"I can't!"

"Yes, you can! If I'm holding it, so can you." Amber encouragingly scolded.

Lesley moaned. Urgency was becoming too much to bear. How could Amber repress this need? Oh god, she thought, oh god. Holy shit. A fucking train is coming.

"Wait. Wait. . . .wait. NOW! Come now, Lesley!"

An earthquake rumbled between them, bodies shattering in ecstasy, blissful burns, grunts, screams, squirting pleasure upon each other's thighs. "Oh god!" Lesley shouted. She bit Amber's trapezius. Scratched her back. The pain was titillating to Amber, "Oh, Lesley. 

Fuck! Lesley! Mmm."

WHAM! The classroom door flung open.

"Oh god, girls!" Professor Judy said. "Quiet! Sh! Stop! I can't watch! Wow, whew! Hot damn!" Judy covered her eyes and shut the door, tightening the blind over the window. "Sh!"

"What? We used condoms." Amber said mischievously.

Judy scowled. "Both of you get dressed and go to class or dorm! You're lucky I don't tell Security. Amber, handover your keys."

Amber and Lesley dressed hurriedly. Lesley lingered while Amber was dishonorably stripped of her Student Assistant keys. Amber seemed to be stifling laughter while Professor Judy reddened.

Judy cleared her throat. "I'm not firing you—,"

"Thank you," Amber interjected.

"—but I should. We'll talk tomorrow about proper conduct. I can't believe you skipped Kara's class." Judy said with a firm nod.

"How do you know we have Acoustical Physics now?" Amber hesitated, memorizing Judy's increasing discomfort for the next time she needed a laugh.

"GO." Judy shooed, repressing an awkward giggle.

Amber and Lesley hurriedly exited the room, holding hands. When they reached the hall, Amber burst into laughter. Lesley was oddly silent while vice-gripping Amber's hand.

"What?" Amber asked, worried over Lesley's tension.

Lesley lifted her rucksack, revealing a hidden mallet. "For later." She mumbled.

Amber roared, her face so red and sides tickled so furiously she cried in overjoy.

"Sh, don't laugh so loud." Lesley smiled, then burrowed her face in Amber's neck.

Amber wrapped her elbow around Lesley's neck and kissed the top of her head as they strolled to their favorite off-campus restaurant. Class was nearly over, and dorms are boring. May as well be early to lunch, or rather their classic beer with brunch.

....Meanwhile....

Back in WoodShop Judy tossed and turned the mallet in her hand. Her fingers nervously brushed her hair. Who would know? What could happen?

CREeeaaaAK.

"Did you get my text?" She asked Kara, professor of Amber's and Lesley's Acoustical Physics course.

"...." Kara looked at her strangely.

"Sorry, that was stupid. Course you did, or you wouldn't be here. Quick, lock the door! We only have ten minutes."

The two giggled as they checked the blinds to make sure the room was as close to invisible to spectators as possible.

"I can't believe they did that! Did they really do that?" Kara said.

"Sh!" Judy chuckled. "We don't have much time." She held Kara's face centimeters from hers, teasing, beckoning, nuzzling and luring the eroticism into their bodies.

"Mmm." Kara moaned as she felt the energy surge between them. 

Their tongues ferociously lashed, throats cracking and croaking against the suction of desire. "Now. Now!"

"Now?" Judy said dominantly. "You want it now?"

"Yes, please! Mmm."

Judy tore Kara's clothes from her ravenous body. Her lips suckled Kara's nipples. Lick, lick.., lick. She nipped Kara's belly. Ripped her jeans off. Removed her panties with her teeth. Teeth. 

Kara handed Judy a condom-covered mallet, and spat a fresh wrapper on the floor. "Remind me to pick that up after." She said.

"Right!" Judy said, thrusting a grunt from Kara's lips as she plunged the mallet in. Her cunt banged and mashed against the wooden base as if the handle were her cock.

"Oh, fucking fricking hell." Kara moaned. "Ass. Ass!"

"Ass?" Judy teased.

"Yes, please! Ass!"

Judy took another mallet, noticing Kara had already 'protected' it. "Turnover and climb onto the desk." Judy said, motioning to her professor's desk.

Kara chirped as the mallet uncomfortably pinched her as she climbed up. Her discomfort was soon relieved as Judy adjusted it, moving the base. A hiccup-like noise erupted from Kara's throat as the handle of another mallet entered her rectum. "Holy fuck my ass." She said.

"Fuck your ass?"

"Yes?"

"Fuck it hard?"

"Yes! Please! Yes!"

Judy split the inside of Kara's world with a gravity-curving orgasm. The room spun around Kara's head as her soul waned and warped out of orbit. Pants and squeaks were swiftly muffled by Judy's thin, strong hand. Its favorably-outlandish, long fingers cupped Kara's mouth and pulled her further onto the mallet, reaching full-length, elation-penetration.

Kara fainted on Judy's desk, exhausted beyond physical strength, arms weak and limp. Judy slapped Kara's ass playfully. "Come on, Doctor! Time for class!" Judy said. A devious grin framed her teeth. Her pride inflated with zesty boastfulness.

Judy, normally a humble person, was sexually appealing in her courageously-lustful state of mind. Sexy, aggressive Judy. Kara took a moment to memorize this moment, mentally record it so she could play it over, and over, and over.