 Tamara works for a large business. It's one of those Monday - Friday, 9-6 office/desk jobs. A majority of her time is spent on the computer, researching and studying on ways to grow the company and get it out to the public. It's demanding, stressful, but it's something she enjoys. 

She also works with a big group of people, with ages ranging from late 20's to mid and late 50's. Of course, she was no stranger to her boss, but she wasn't entirely close with her boss either. Julie, her boss, was maybe 36, with Tamara being 28, so there wasn't that much of an age gap between them to stop them from connecting with each other, but there were many days when Tamara was clueless on how to take her boss. Possibly her over friendliness came across as hasty and bitchy, and other days her boss just seemed down right annoyed. At first it really bothered Tamara but once she heard other workers complaining about it through gossip, she slowly learned to not take it so personally. 

Lately she had noticed that Julie's attitude seemed to change. Maybe as rude as it sounds, Tamara found that Julie was acting a bit more polite; taking an extra few minutes in the morning to ask how Tamara was doing, checking up on her more throughout the day to see how her projects were coming along, and quick hello's as she passed Tamara's office. 

For an instant it almost worried Tamara, thinking that her boss was up to something as she never really used to take the extra time to check in and all that. When Tamara asked a few colleagues if they had noticed a change in Julie's attitude, both disagreed. But Tamara soon shrugged it off and didn't think much of it.

It was a busy Tuesday afternoon and Tamara was taking phone call after phone call, writing notes and discussing important meetings that were soon to come. She heard the clicking sound of high heels coming down the hall that soon stopped abruptly in front of her open office door. She looked up under her eyelashes and Julie was there, smiling faintly and holding a thick stack of papers that were rested against her hip. To put it simply, Julie was an attractive women; her light brown hair always done nicely, either up in a bun or resting on her shoulders. Her cheekbones stuck out heavily from her face as did her jawline. She had naturally long lashes with hazel eyes and a long skinny body, always dressing sharply. 

Tamara was just as attractive, having much darker brown curly hair and naturally tanned skin. Her ice blue eyes popped out from her slim face and had perfectly white and straight teeth that always showed when she smiled. Her lips were naturally plump and larger in size. She always wore a necklace over her prominent collarbones and always spoke softly. Tamara was tall herself and had the body of a ballet dancer. In other words, she was gorgeous. 

Julie took a step in her office, standing in front of Tamara's desk. Tamara mentally braced herself as she was expecting Julie to put the stack of papers on her desk, followed by a 'please have this done by Monday so we can present it to the board meeting,' 

But Julie was just looking at Tamara with gentle eyes. Tamara opened her mouth to speak but Julie started to talk. 

'Hello, how did those phone calls go? Are those meetings still happening?' Julie asked, bringing the papers up and holding them against her chest now. Tamara grinned softly at Julie's kind gesture to ask. 

'Yes, thankfully there is no rescheduling that needs to happen this week or next. It all worked out good,' Tamara looked down to her papers and came across one of her current projects. 

'That's good,' Julie smiled at Tamara's response. 

'I'm almost done with the next proje-' 

'I know you are,' Julie smiled, interrupting Tamara. 'I saw it yesterday. It looked great,' she added. 

Tamara was slightly thrown off as she was still trying to adjust to Julie's new behaviour. Usually Julie is already out of her office by now, clicking her heels down the hall and off doing another busy thing. Tamara faintly wrinkled her forehead in confusion but lifted the corners of her mouth at the same time. 

'Thanks,' 

There was a quick silence in the air before Julie spoke once again. 

'There's a meeting tomorrow night just to further discuss ideas and have some information sharing,' Julie said, looking down then looking back up to Tamara. 

Tamara had a thinking face and her brows furrowed. There was a meeting the other night about a similar discussion, and meetings almost never happened that close in time, especially for that topic. 

'Really? What about the meeting the other night? Are we all just getting together again and going over everything?' Tamara asked confused. 

'Right, exactly. Just to elaborate and make sure everyone has their ideas sorted and give other insight. It's only a meeting with like... 5 of us, and I'm just asking that everyone meets me in my office beforehand because corporate management may be there too,' Julie replied, making brief eye contact with Tamara before she turned around and started for the door. She turned her head before exiting the office. 

'You may not see me around a lot today or tomorrow, I have so much things I need to photocopy and double check on. If I don't, see you in tomorrow's meeting,' Julie stared intensity at Tamara, and Tamara was doing the exact same back to Julie. 

'Bye,' Julie said before giving another small smile and leaving. The sound of her heels hitting the tile floor followed after she left. Tamara found herself sitting at her desk with her jaw hung open, a dry mouth and dry eyes due to the lack of blinking from staring at Julie. She then noticed her heart was pounding in her chest, practically rocking her upper body back and forth. She hadn't known what came over her after speaking with Julie, but she felt incredibly nervous and rather overwhelmed. She couldn't seem to get Julie's intense eyes staring at her out of her head, and kept thinking of Julie's long body standing in front of her desk. She nearly forgot what she was working on when she somehow snapped back to reality, still failing to comprehend what just happened. 

The rest of the day flew by with errands, phone calls and emailing. Before Tamara left her office, she gathered her notes for tomorrow's meeting and placed them in her binder. She couldn't think of other ideas, and felt foolish knowing she would just be repeating herself as she had given her ideas in the meeting a few days ago. She's usually a little nervous for meetings, but this one really seemed to stick out to her. She was nervous to say all her ideas over again and make a fool of herself, especially in front of Julie. She tried not to think of it and left her office. 

The next day came and it was already hitting noon. Tamara hadn't seen her boss yet as Julie had predicted. Tamara was on the go all afternoon, having discussions with other colleagues about current collaborations and going back and forth to her desk to work on presentations. She was in the middle of putting together a document until she heard the familiar sound of clicking high heels coming from down the hall that grew louder with each step. Her door was wide open once again and a figure stopped in the doorway. Tamara turned her head from her computer to find Julie standing there, carrying binders under her arm and looking intently at Tamara. 

Tamara swallowed hard and felt her heartbeat reach her throat as she engaged in a moment with her boss that has never happened before. That intense stare returned to Julie's eyes as they gazed into Tamara's from feet away. There were no words, and Julie went on her way, walking down the hall and leaving Tamara choking for air. Tamara began to feel extremely strange and couldn't put the puzzle together, bewildered at the feelings she had. Once again, the day continued filled with business and before Tamara knew it, it was already 5:56pm. 

She was so busy that she basically forgot about the meeting. She suddenly remembered that Julie hadn't set a time for it and wondered if it got changed since she hadn't heard from Julie or any other colleagues about it. Feeling confused, she rose from her desk and left her office shortly after 6. The usually busy and loud work space was quiet as everyone headed home for the night. As Tamara's confusion heightened, she nervously walked to her boss's office, hoping she wasn't in trouble for missing this meeting or late for it. She approached her boss's door with shaky hands and a trembling breath, knocking on the slightly open door gently. 

Julie answered after a few seconds, and took a step back as a gesture to welcome Tamara in. Tamara swallowed and took a step in, crossing her fingers that she wasn't late. It took a few seconds for Tamara to realize that no one else was in the room and the sound of the door closing behind her brought her back. 

'We... we were all meeting here, right?' Tamara asked, turning around and facing Julie. 

Julie turned away from the door and stood in front of Tamara but still a good distance away. She looked down to the ground, smiling gently then bringing her attention back to Tamara, who was holding her binder with both hands. 

'Yes, we were meeting here,' Julie's hazel eyes pierced Tamara's, and she took a step toward Tamara. 

'I see you brought your papers,' Julie smiled as she looked at the binder. 'You can place that on my desk for now,' she added. Tamara was lost and felt strange as she hesitantly placed the binder on the big desk. 

'Where are the others?' Tamara asked gently, looking around the room as if she was waiting for someone to pop out of no where. Julie let out a small laugh, reaching out and brushing her hand along Tamara's arm. 

'No need to be nervous, Tamara. It's just me. Why don't you have a seat on the chair over there?' Julie offered, looking over at the furniture that was placed against her back wall. Tamara looked at Julie quickly before she turned and started for the couch, sitting down on it stiffly, placing her hands on her knees. Julie walked over to the couch, and Tamara suddenly realized just how dark the office was when it reached evening. Julie stood behind the couch, standing closely to Tamara. 

'To be honest Tamara, I wanted to have a meeting with just you,' she answered, and gently placed her hands on both of Tamara's shoulders. The action caused Tamara to nearly jump from her seat, and she let out a surprised gasp. Julie once again giggled, trying to comfort Tamara. 

'It's okay Tamara, just relax. I just wanted to talk with you a bit more about your new ideas,' Julie's hands started to create a soothing massage on Tamara's shoulders, moving her hands gently back and forth against the clothing. Tamara was still nervous and had trouble calming, especially with her boss behind her rubbing her. 

'Julie- What are you doi-' 

She got interrupted by a more intense rubbing on her shoulders that started to feel nice and relax her a bit more. Julie created a path of caressing from Tamara's shoulders, up to her neck, then down to her collarbones. Tamara's breathing started to calm and her eyes were heavy from the sensation Julie's hands had made. 

'Your muscles are so tense, Tamara,' Julie's voice brought her back to reality and Tamara found herself enjoying the massaging and let out a breath when it stopped. Julie walked around and took a seat beside Tamara, looking at her with a smile. Tamara's mind was basically mush from the touching and she tried to gain focus again. 

'Sorry, I'm sorry-' Tamara blurted, feeling awkward as she felt her cheeks start to burn. Julie offered a reassuring smile, placing a hand on Tamara's knee and rubbing it gently. 

'Don't be sorry. Did you enjoy that?' Julie asked, looking at Tamara's mouth then her eyes. Tamara pressed her lips together and instinctively nodded. The response caused Julie to grin. 

'I'm glad,' 

Tamara didn't seem to know where to look. The room was quiet and passing traffic could be faintly heard from the roads outside. Julie was observing Tamara on the couch, and she spoke once again. 

'You know Tamara... I apologize for this being not in the ordinary, but I do enjoy working with you. You always have your assignments in on time, you help others even when you're busy and you're always willing to make my job easier. I do appreciate it, even if I don't always show it,' Julie spoke seriously and looked at Tamara earnestly. 

Tamara was caught up in Julie's gaze and almost didn't hear what Julie had said to her. But she swallowed and ran her tongue along her lips to rid the dryness. 

'It's okay,' Tamara replied softly. 

'God, I love when you do that,' Julie said shamelessly, staring directly at Tamara's mouth. 

'D-do what?' Tamara asked, suddenly growing nervous once again. 

'When you lick your lips like that,' 

Tamara hadn't noticed she had done so, and due to that, she repeated the action subconsciously. Julie watched carefully as Tamara's tongue brushed both her upper and bottom lip like a paintbrush against canvas. The action overwhelmed Julie in a way that caused her head to shake. 

'I love your lips,' Julie said, and the words caused Tamara's eyes to widen. Julie gently placed a hand to Tamara's hair and started to massage her scalp, making Tamara's head fall clumsily and carelessly. It was clear that she was enjoying the head rub as her head plopped from side to side as Julie switched hands. After a few moments Julie removed her hand from Tamara's head and once again Tamara looked up with heavy eyes. There was a strong and sudden sexual connection between them in the room.

The two were staring at each other as if on cue, and both of them found themselves looking at each other's lips. Tamara naturally leaned closer to her boss until their sides were touching, their faces were inches apart by now. Julie spoke gently. 

'Are you feeling okay?' Julie asked reassuringly, and Tamara nodded with her two front teeth sunken into her bottom lip. The gap between their faces closed and they started to kiss softly on the couch. It quickly got hot in the room for them and Julie rose her fingers to Tamara's blouse buttons, slowly taking them out one by one. 

Tamara was breathing heavily as Julie kissed down her neck harshly, pushing the blouse off of Tamara's shoulders and taking the clothing out of her arms. Julie pulled back to remove her top as well, and the two resumed kissing on the couch. Julie's long body hovered over Tamara on the couch and she whispered in her ear. 

'You're so quiet in the office... I've always wondered how you're like in bed,' Julie spoke gently in Tamara's ear and the words caused Tamara's back to arch. All though Tamara had felt nervous walking in here, she slowly gripped a bit of confidence to talk back and engage in sexual conversation with her boss.

'Guess you'll have to find out,' Tamara answered back, and Julie breathed heavily from the response. Julie was running her hands up and down Tamara's chest relentlessly, and Tamara once again gained some confidence to touch her boss back, starting from her lower back up to her sides then back down. 

'Fuck-' Julie spoke through her teeth now as Tamara kissed down her neck and collarbones. Even though Tamara did come across as quiet and innocent, she did always take credit for being a bit more on the naughty side when it's least expected. It is after all, always the quiet ones that are usually the most naughty. 

Tamara mindlessly slid her hand down Julie's chest and abdomen, stopping at the waistband of her skirt. The feeling caused Julie to practically whimper, and Tamara lay Julie down on her back and hovered over her, still keeping her hand in the same spot. Julie wrapped her arms around Tamara's neck as she slowly placed her hand in Julie's skirt, directly coming into contact with her clit and rubbing it with her index and middle finger in a slow manner. Julie let out a loud wail at the touch and was already struggling to catch a breath. 

'Holy shit Tamara-' she hissed, squirming her lower body to the pace of Tamara's fingers. Her fingers were rubbing in a circular motion over her slippery clit and she kissed Julie's neck at the same time. Julie was shuddering underneath Tamara and was quickly reaching the beginning of a powerful orgasm. 

'You like that, don't you?' Tamara asked seductively in Julie's ear. 

It almost seemed as if the positions had switched and Tamara was Julie's boss. Tamara was surprised with herself in the moment, and was far from expecting such a thing to happen with Julie. Somehow she suddenly didn't feel awkward anymore, and saw a more comforting Julie that she never knew before. Julie was speechless at Tamara's actions and words, not expecting such a quiet girl to have such power, and was incredibly turned on from seeing this side of her. 

'Fuck- yes, yes I do, please don't st-'

And before Julie could even finish, Tamara had stopped. Julie was quivering as she was minutes away from a thundering orgasm. She was breathless, looking at Tamara with an open jaw and pleading eyes. 

'You didn't think I was going to let you come that soon, did you?' Tamara asked, reaching for Julie's skirt and pulling it down her legs in one swift motion. Julie slouched down on the couch as her lower half ached for a release from Tamara. She was breathing heavily as Tamara undressed her lower half fully, gripping her hips and pulling her lower half closer. Tamara leaned her chest up against the couch and lowered her head, extending her tongue and breaking through Julie's folds with a wet tongue. 

'Ugh! God!' Julie cried out at the contact of Tamara's wet and firm tongue pressing up against her clit, moving it slowly and carefully over her clit. The motions were driving Julie back to an oncoming orgasm very quickly, and her legs were starting to stiffen and shake. Tamara was essentially French kissing Julie's clit, engulfing her large lips around the sensitive nerves followed by slow and firm wet tongue strokes. Julie was moaning nonstop, reaching down and touching Tamara's hair while millions of sensations coursed through her. 

Tamara was dedicated and gave her full attention to licking every inch of Julie's clit, making Julie grip the sides of the couch and moan loudly. Her legs widened which caused Tamara's tongue to touch even more nerves, and the feeling sent Julie into full overdrive. 

'Yes, yes, yes! Oh fuck- I'm going to come!' Julie moved her hips against Tamara's mouth and crashed them back down to the couch as the orgasm powered through her in strong waves, making her vision white for a moment of time. Tamara leaned back and kissed Julie's outer lips sweetly, trailing the kissing to her outer thighs. Julie was breathing hard and was completely taken away from Tamara's actions. Tamara lifted her upper half back up and traced Julie's sides soothingly. 

Julie's breath slowly started to come back and she sat up from the couch, staring intensely at Tamara, still shocked at what Tamara had just done. Tamara was licking away at her lips, swallowing the liquids from Julie. 

'You taste so good,' Tamara smiled seductively at Julie, and the words only surprised Julie even more. Julie breathed out, smiling and completely taken aback. 

'Fuck- Tamara, you have no idea how good that was,' she said, her breathing becoming slightly laboured once again. 'And God, you're so hot,' she added, swallowing hard as her heart rate was still rather high. Tamara was just looking at Julie, smiling and still swallowing the remains from her lips. Who would have thought such a quiet mouth could talk so dirty, Julie thought to herself. When Julie finally caught her breath, that's when she jumped on Tamara, kissing her big lips deeply and grabbing at her clothes to be removed. 

Julie discarded Tamara's long skirt quickly and tossed it over the couch. Tamara's breathing accelerated as Julie ran her fingers up and down her slit, teasing her and making her hips buck. Julie was enjoying watching Tamara's hips dance against her fingers, and started to feel the fluids flow out from Tamara's slit as the seconds passed. At one point Julie's fingers brushed up against Tamara's clit, causing her to nearly shout out in pleasure. Tamara's hips were now moving repeatedly back and forth against Julie's hand. 
