 This is a submission for the Summer Lovin' Contest, so please vote.

Author's Note: Due to a medical condition, I use a talk to text program which isn't always accurate. As always, if you spot any errors please consider volunteering as an editor to help me produce more

Thanks to my wife mrssecondsamuel and larry74403 for editing.



"Why don't you take off your shirt?" Kylie teased. "Then we'd make some real money."

The sun beat down oppressively on my lily white body. Raising one arm to my face, I tried to shield my eyes from the glare.

Without taking the bait, I grabbed a sponge from the bucket. Another car was pulling up to the annual fundraiser for the senior girl's volleyball team, a pay-what-you-wish car wash. This usually earned enough to cover travel and lodging expenses for a few rounds of tournaments, a last chance to compete before our team said goodbye and left for college.

For most of us, our last chance to play competitive volleyball.

Kylie looked stunning in her bright blue bikini, her bronze bust bulging out like some sort of supermodel. She was tall, her curves subtle if a little small, not really needing the support of her top.

"Come on," Kylie said. "You're the only one being so modest!"

I regarded her with a scoff, rolling my eyes at the way she naturally displayed her nearly perfect body as though modeling in the hot summer sun. Droplets of water dripped down her body. Her blonde hair flopped down over her shoulders like she was about to star in an old-school music video about the girl next door. Everyone on the team would kill for her body. Tight, muscular, lean, the envy of every girl on the team.

Though it was never stated, the car wash possessed a certain cavalier sexualization of our teenage bodies. Though no one but Kylie said anything, I was the weird one for wearing a t-shirt. Not that our fundraiser was particular raunchy. It really wasn't any different than a day at the beach. And what red-blooded American man hasn't gone to the swimming pool just to stare at the girls prancing around in bikinis?

Not that that was ever me.

I developed early, my breasts drawing the attention of boys and girls during those awkward ages no one ever likes to talk about. The boys I could handle, the girls... well girls are vicious. It took me several years to realize how jealous many of them were, and by then the damage to my self-image had been done.

Our chests draw constant, inescapable attention. I used to think the boys might experience the same thing about their dick size, only really it's nowhere close to the same thing. Though they might obsess about their size, men don't wear a variety of outfits to emphasize their bulge. They don't worry about whether a particular pair of underwear will push up their sack enough to be appealing. And they don't spend much time wishing they had their friend's body.

I know I wished for Kylie's. With her soft, delicate features, her sense of confidence in her body like a runaway model, the way her breasts always seem to show perfectly behind whatever she wore. Maybe that's why female sexuality can be so fluid; there is so much comparison. When does wishing for another woman's body become wanting another woman?

Not that I hadn't thought about it, especially on those nights when the two of us shared a bed. I didn't consider myself a lesbian. Though I didn't really date either. I thought about sports a lot more than sex. More than once, with her arms draped around me in bed, I entertained the idea. If I was going to experiment with another woman, I would want it to be Kylie. But then, I didn't want to make things weird. And I didn't really think there was anything more to her comments and coaxing than trying to make me feel less insecure.

I know, having large breasts is one of those good problems to girls who pine for them. It's easy to be envious when you never worry about whether or not you'll be able to fit into a certain dress. When you don't stare at yourself in the mirror and wish Newton never discovered gravity. When you don't clutch your back at the end of the day wondering how your frame supports your front.

I guess I never got over the wild, uncontrolled stares. Or the giggling, snarky comments made by the mean girl in the locker room before I realized that they were just as self-conscious and insecure as I. So while most of the other girls paraded their bodies around in bikinis, several of them waving signs advertising our services, I wore an oversized, white state champions t-shirt over my bikini.

"Very funny," I said. "But I think we can make enough money tournament without me."

"I don't know, Anna," Kylie whispered. "We've only made about half of what we got last year. And there's only an hour or so left."

The fundraiser became more important when our school cut its funding. The town had been in a recent fiscal crisis. There was a very real chance if we didn't pull together enough scratch, our off-season competitions would be scuttled. A shame since we had lost the state championship in our division, leaving us lusting after another opportunity to prove ourselves.

It was also disheartening that Kylie and I wouldn't get a last hurrah together. I'd always been an outsider on the team. I guess I never really got over my aversion to the fairer sex. But Kylie had opened me up since she transferred in January. She had a personality that proved infectious to the team, and we'd quickly become best friends.

Around her, I found myself talking to everyone naturally. Girls I thought absolute bitches turned out to be better than I thought. With a deep sense of regret, I realized I was part of the problem. I'd wasted a lot of my high school experiences, and only through Kylie's encouragement did I start enjoying myself. We were inseparable of late, attending parties, going dancing, spending the night as I slowly overcame my reservations.

Still, despite her urgings, there was a certain amount of shyness that remained; that kept me clad in my overflowing t-shirt.

"You're really going to make me beg," Kylie whined.

"We can't really be that hard up," I said.

Kylie shrugged.

"I asked Coach how we were doing, and she just said not to worry about it. In the four years you've been around the coach, has she ever told you not to worry about anything?"

She had a point. Coach spent the better part of an hour yesterday imploring us to promote the event. That she wasn't developing a way for us to hustle a little more money meant that we were short of our goal. Probably short enough that it didn't matter.

"I really don't think that me taking off this shirt is going to make a difference," I said.

"Not if you just listlessly let them out," Kylie complained. "You know what this is. Men can go to the automatic wash and leave with their car perfectly waxed. Or they can come here and drive away with soap suds and streaks all over the place. They aren't here for services, they want to watch our tight teenage bodies."

"I don't have a tight teenage body," I said.

Kylie looked at me, her face intensely serious.

"Anna, you're the hottest girl on the team," Her voice dropping. "Do you seriously not know that?"

"Come on.." I protested.

"If I discovered a magic lamp, my first two wishes would be for your boobs," Kylie continued.

"Kylie..."

"I'm serious. You're going to do this. And I think you're going to like it."

A sedan drove up and she started filling up a bucket with one of the hoses.

She caught me by surprise, directing the spray right at my shirt. The high-pressure volume of the water smacked against my tits, pushing down my bikini a little bit as the shirt quickly became transparent. Ironically, more of my cleavage looked visible with a wet T-shirt, putting on a tantalizing display of lurid sexuality.

I tried to move closer to Kylie, my hands reaching out to block the stream. But she was quicker than me, moving around and directing the stream again at my chest. I closed the distance. We rubbed against each other, fighting over the water splashing all over both of our bodies. I didn't realize it in the moment, but the scene served her intentions. We were putting on quite the show for the man parked in front of us.

The spray hit me in the eyes. I reached out blindly, grappling with Kylie. I accidentally grabbed at her breasts, noticing how soft and firm they were, before catching her in a chokehold. I held her head against my chest, pressing her against my tits. Her hands went up in a gesture of surrender and I let go.

"Okay, okay, okay," Kylie said. "You win! Let me go before you smother me!"

I relented. Dripping wet, I tried to wring out the water from my nearly translucent T-shirt.

"You might as well take that off," Kylie said. "You look like you're in Cancun and want Daddy's attention."

I threw a sponge at her.

But as I looked down, I could see my red top, clearly visible from underneath it, somehow more seeming scandalous in this see-through outfit.

Kylie bounced off to the driver-side window, the man rolling down his window and handing a donation. She rushed back to me, her hand covering her mouth in a conspiratorial tone as she put the funds in our lockbox.

"He gave us a 20!" She said.

"Really?"

Sometimes we got that much from a parent. But getting more than five or ten bucks from Joe Public was unusual.

"You gotta take off your shirt for that," Kylie said.

"Fine!"

The fabric clung to my skin anyways. It was starting to feel more than a little uncomfortable. I moved it over my head, shaking free my long brunette hair. For a second, I thought that my top had come off with the shirt. And to my surprise, mixed with that sense of panic was this strange feeling of excitement.

I took a deep breath, looking down and realizing that my bikini remained underneath. Even so, my boobs were pushed up tight against the fabric, constricted by a top that gave me support while showing off the large, half-moon shape of my considerable cleavage.

"Wow ..." Kylie said, her mouth agape.

"Stop it!" I said.

"You know, if you learn to like being objectified, life will be a lot easier."

We both grabbed our sponges, though Kylie seemed to have more on her mind than simply getting the car clean. As I was moving soap and water over the windshield, she showered me lightly with the hose again, creating a cascading effect as I leaned over to wash the hood. I knew what she was doing, deliberately turning our work into an overly provocative cliche to clash with my usually puritanical demeanor.

But she was right, I did like it. Part of me was really into this display. Once encouraged, egged on to engage in this type of behavior, my pent-up sexuality switched on ever so subtly.

I started really enjoying showing myself.

Or maybe it was the way Kylie flaunted her own body that really got me going. Not that I ever had considered myself a lesbian or bisexual, but there was something so tantalizing about the way she worked her body. And just like the man sitting behind the wheel, I often found myself unable to look away from the beauty in front of me.

Many of her attempts to tease were less than subtle. More than once, Kylie adjusted the bottoms of her bikini, which had started to ride up against her perfectly round bottom. She pulled at one side slowly, letting it snap back against her ass. She did the same with the other, looking over her shoulder absently, as if not knowing she had presented most of her butt cheek. I looked at her incredulously as she did the same thing with the front side of her suit, pushing up her top as she cupped her smaller breasts.

We finished the car and the man drove away, grinning and probably ready to burst.

I gave Kylie a look.

"What?" She said.

"Nothing. It just seems that your swimsuit is trying to escape in front of the customers."

She smiled at me.

"It's not like they actually saw anything," Kylie said. "Besides, he was cute. It's nice to be looked at. You should try it."

"I'm not-"

"Oh come on! Have a little fun and be sexy! For you it's so natural, you won't even have to work!

"Really?"

I couldn't just take the compliment. They always seemed so new, even though they came consistently from Kylie.

"Really! Please Anna..." She said, suddenly serious. "Let your milkshake bring all the boys to the yard."

"I'm not really sure what to do..." I said. "I'm sorry, I'm new to all this."

"If it's guy that comes up, just follow my lead."

"But..."

"Do you want to go to these last two tournaments?"

I struggled to speak.

"Geez, you are going to make me say it, huh?" Kylie said. "I'm really gonna miss playing with you. You're smart, you're drop-dead gorgeous, and you're like my best friend. I want every last hour I can get before you got off to college. And if you have to debase yourself by shaking your tits in a bikini to make it happen, well it's a sacrifice I'm willing to have you make."

"Okay, but nothing too far. I'm not a stripper."

"Not yet," she teased. "But I'll get you there."

"I'm serious," I said.

"Nothing too far," she reassured me.

The next car came up, and Kylie let me know what she had in mind. After taking the man's money, she returned flashing another twenty. She leaned over the hood of the car, taking careful care to clean the man's windshield with a sponge, rubbing her breasts up and down in plain view of the middle-aged man in the driver's seat. She gestured, and I joined her.

I took out a sponge, awkwardly pressing myself against the glass. Yes, we were actually washing, but there was more to it. My tits sort of smudged against the screen. At one point, my top seemed to catch, only my quick reflexes keeping it from coming clean off.

He definitely noticed. For a brief second, only my hand prevented a full view of the top of my nipple. I should have been mortified, but from the look on his face, I knew he didn't mind in the slightest. I smiled back at him as I adjusted, suddenly feeling empowered by my body.

We repeated the performance on the rest of the windows, making sure that the man got a good view as he twisted and turned to openly stare at us. For some reason, the windows between us kept me from feeling unbelievably awkward. And next to Kylie, I felt safe, assured that he couldn't just reach out and grab me. I borrowed from my friend's confidence. Standing near her, with her classic blonde looks augmenting mine, her rampant sexuality melded with mine, making me feel truly desirable.

Kylie rinsed out the car again, spraying at my ass this time. My bikini sort of went into my rear like a wedgie. I tried to pull it out as sexy as I could, though I imagined with my uneven tan I looked more like the Coppertone girl. We finished rinsing off the car, only to have the man roll down the window, his arm beckoning us forward. We stood next to each other, leaning over, our breasts nearly pouring out of our tops.

"You girls did such a fine job, I just had to give you a tip," he said. "Good luck with your fundraiser. I'll text a few friends to let them know about the cause."

In his hands was another twenty.

There was something about this monetization that boosted my self-esteem. Instead of feeling dirty or cheap, the money validated my appearance in a way I never expected. Of course, I believed Kylie earned most of the tip, but still. I was part of the show.

Two girls parading around is better than one.

I felt sexy, really sexy, for the first time.

"Oh my God, thank you so much," Kylie gushed.

Another car pulled up, and Kylie whispered to me

"You're doing great! A lot of it is in our presentation," She coached. "Just act like you're having fun and spray each other."

"I am having fun with it," I said. "You, you make it fun."

"You too," Kylie said.

We returned to the buckets, getting more suds for the next car. Kylie slowly squeezed out some of the soapy water onto her breasts with a sponge. Then she did the same to me, with more of an effect. I went flush red, but she just smiled at me. Her hands were within a few inches of my breasts, almost touching them. Then she directed me to squat down so she could spray off the remaining soap. As the water washed down into my cleavage, I had to cling to the sides of my top to keep the fabric from flying off.

In between cleaning, we took turns spraying each other, aiming at our asses and breasts, forcing our fingers to clutch these parts. In a way, it looked so innocent, just two girls having a water-fight. But to anyone with a pulse, there was another appeal to our actions. Both of us made every effort to showcase our body in our swimsuits, putting on this puerile display for the men who suddenly came out in droves to "support" the team.

Our antics appeared to inspire the horny male population of town. More and more cars seemed to line up as word of our behavior spread. Either that or suddenly at six o'clock on Saturday every man in town realized their cars were unacceptably dirty. Our teammates noticed our behavior and started putting the same emphasis on their performance. Without becoming overtly lesbian, it became a sultry steamy sort of show that certainly pushed the limits of what a car wash could get away with.

Still, Kylie and I remained focused on each other, working in tandem to tease our cars. At one point, Kylie decided to take it upon herself to adjust my bikini bottom herself. And though I probably should have told her this was way too much, instead I gave her a huge smile, savoring the touch as her fingers worked their way inside my suit, touching my bare bottom. Once she finished tracing her hands around my cheek, she gave me a playful slap on the behind, a light almost innocent spank.

I never got a chance to return the favor, despite the plan fermenting in my mind.

All the attention was almost overwhelming, and I found myself hot from more than just the sun. In spite of the heat and how tired my body began to feel, my vagina seemed wetter than the rest of my body, desperate to be more than watched. There was something about standing next to Kylie in front of these men, making them wonder just how far we would go with each other while we frolicked around in the cool water.

And truthfully, I didn't know how far I was willing to go. Kylie possesses an infectious type of charm. I knew I was infatuated with her, I just didn't know in what way. She was so hot, and just by being next to her on display in the same situation made me feel so desirable.

But I didn't really have time to think as we bounced from car to car. Kylie and I bringing in more and more money. We were reaching the end of our shift, still short of our goal.

"Come on, I have an idea."

She knocked on the window of the truck, standing on her tip-toes to speak. As he reached out his money, her voice dropped into a sultry, innocently sweet, high-pitched sing-song.

"Excuse us, sir. My best friend and I think it's best if you wait until we are finished before deciding how much you want to pay. We just work so hard at getting into those tough, hard, places. Why don't you step out of the car and watch what a good job we do?"

She really put on a show with her voice, mixing the proper inflection to make her sound completely different, so demure and playful. The man took her up on the offer, watching with his hand suspiciously in his pocket as we bent over, our bikini bottoms riding up. We took our time, making sure that even his tires were immaculately clean.

I know it's super weird to admit how I much I enjoyed myself. I should have been completely creeped out by this middle-aged man standing ten feet behind us, playing pocket pool as we bent over presenting our bodies for him to ogle. But I felt really sexy.

And not just because I was standing next to Kylie. At one point she was on the other side of the car as his eyes bore down on my behind. Though it goes against every feminist bone in my body, there was something empowering about the scene. Maybe it was the fact that he forked over 50 bucks, placing it down into my palms as his eyes darted down to my rack.
