 Before you start reading let me say that this is my very first story, not just a lesbian story but overall. So if there's anything that you feel I should work on let me know, be nice though! 

Oh and enjoy! :)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alex and I usually got home from work around the same time, but she texted me while I was on my way home that she had to work a little late and I know she wasn't happy about it. I have to say that I wasn't happy about it myself. I don't know what it was but I missed Alex a lot today during work that I was actually looking forward to seeing her when she came home(not that I usually didn't.) 

Alex and I met in high school senior year. She was new there and I was chosen to show her around the school and be a friend to her. I was kind of annoyed that they chose me, but that feeling changed when Alex and I met. She was the most beautiful girl I think I've ever seen. She had long brown hair that fell to her lower back, vibrant hazel eyes and a perfect smile. She wasn't that much taller then me but her breast were a little smaller than mine, but not by much, at a good 36C, flat stomach, long legs and a nice ass, much like myself. I looked at her schedule and realized we had the same classes, except when she had music I had study hall. After she got a hang of the school and locker combo, we became pretty good friends. Surprisingly, the boys didn't really notice her probably because she wasn't a cheerleader and was still a little unaware of her surroundings. We started to hang out after school and go over to each others houses on weekends. Soon we were best friends. We even ended up going off to the same college together in the fall. 

It was Saturday night and Alex and I came back to our off campus apartment pretty tipsy. Alex was really touchy-feely with me all night but I was too drunk to notice or care. We went to my room and kicked off our clothes and we fell asleep in my bed. I must have been more drunk than I thought the night before because I woke up at 1 in the afternoon to Alex gently shaking me. 

"Hey, Mel honey, wake up sweetheart"

"Mm, I'm up, I'm up" I mumbled.

"Here" She said handing me a cup of apple juice.

"Thank you" I said and started to drink it.

"U gotta shower to wake yourself up come on" She said setting down the cup and dragging me to the bathroom.

She stood at the door to make sure I didn't fall over. She saw how much I was struggling and offered to help me. She pulled my shirt over my head and unclasped my bra. She stepped in front of me and loosed my pajama pants and pulled them down then my panties. She started the water and helped me in. I told her she didn't have to do all this for me but she told me she didn't want to risk anything happening to me so I just let her. 

She washed my hair than soaped up her hands and started to wash my body. She started around my neck going down my back stopping just at the top of my ass. 

"Turn around Hun" I did and started washing my front. She went over my stomach and moved up towards my breasts. She slowly washed circles around each one, brushing over my nipples at times. I couldn't hold it in anymore I let a moan escapee from my lips. She must have heard this but kept going and finished washing my body and helped me out the tub. She picked out my clothes and told me to get dressed. While she was brushing my hair, I had to tell her how good her hands felt on my body.

"You have really gentle hands" I told her.

"Do I really?" She asked.

"Yes really you did a good job helping me out, thanks" 

"Oh don't think twice about it I just wanted to make sure you were okay enough get ready"

"Oh okay" I said.

There was a pretty long silence between us before she broke it.

"Mel?" 

"Hmmm?" 

"I got to let you something but I don't know how"

"Alex you could tell me anything. I am your best friend, you know." 

"Okay umm... when I helped you shower, I did it to feel you up."

"You didn't do it to make sure I was okay?" I asked shocked.

"Well of course I did but I also did it for that reason. Melody, I wanted you for so long, I just thought that this was the time to let you know." She said softly, as if embarrassed. 

"Really?" I asked still shocked at what I was hearing.

"Yes" She whispered.

I turned around to face her completely "Well I'm kind of relived you did tell me now because I feel the same about you too." 

"Really?" She asked, picking up her eyes to meet mine.

"Yes, Alex I think your so beautiful and sweet and I uh, I love you." I said. 

"I love you too." She said eagerly, flashing a smile.

"No Alex I mean I really do love you, not just as a best friend." 

"I know I meant it the same way," she said while leaning a little "and by the way I think your beautiful too, I love everything about you .... Can I kiss you?" 

"Why would you need to ask?" I asked with a sweet smile. She smiled back and kissed me on the lips. I shuddered as she sucked lightly sucked my bottom lip and pulled away.

"Was the good?" 

I didn't answer and just kissed her again. She moaned when I stuck my tongue in her mouth, messaging mine with hers. She reached up and took my breast in her hand, gently rolling the nipple between two fingers. I broke the kiss and looked down and noticed how hard my nipples were through my shirt. 

"Let's take this off." she said sweetly and pulled my shirt up and over my head and undid my bra and drops them to the floor. I tell her she might as well take my shorts off too while she's at it, and she does. I lift my ass up off the bed to help her. She bites her lip at the sight of my freshly shaved pussy for the second time. 

"God, I cant wait to taste you." 

"Oh I want you too."

She bent down and took my left pink puffy nipple in the mouth, sucking and nibbling gently.

"Oh, Alex that's feels so good please, please don't stop." Good enough for me she didn't. she switched to my right nipple to give it the same attention. I was so wet and couldn't wait anymore. I stopped her and took her shirt off and sucked on her tiny pink nipples. She must have been pretty turned on because as soon as I latched my mouth to her nipple she moaned pretty damn loud and grabbed the back of my head. 

"Oh god Mel." 

I started to gently rub her pussy on the outside of her sexy white shorts. She jumped up and pulled them off along with her black thong and pushed me down on the bed and spread my legs. 

"Your such a little tease," she said in a sexy low voice "you've got me all wet, see? Look at my little clit its so big and my slit is so slippery."

"And I'm the tease. I'm fucking dripping, if you don't make me cum soon, ill die."

"No baby, my girl cant die on me right when she's about to get the best fuck of her life." she said teasingly while rubbing my clit.

"Your girl?" I managed to squeak out.

"Oh yeah... will you be my girlfriend? She asked, not even giving me a chance to answer, she lightly flicked my clit with her tongue. "So how 'bout it sweetie?" 

"God yes I'll be you girlfriend. I want nothing more than to be with you." She didn't say anything but she didn't need to she just flashed those beautiful teeth and looked at me with love and mix of lust in her hazel eyes. She bent down and stuck her tongue in my tight pussy. 

I moaned so loud as she buried her tongue deeper and deeper. 

"FUCK, Alex!" I screamed as she slipped her tongue out of my pussy mouth. "Alex please don't stop, oh god, oh right there! Oh baby your gunna make me cum!" 

When she heard that she stuck two fingers deep in my pussy and hit my g-spot.

"I'm fucking cumming!" I yelled. She slowed her pace on my clit and took her fingers out letting my juices flow all over my bed. She bought her fingers up and I eagerly took them in my mouth. 

"You taste really good don't you?" 

"Mhmm, let me taste more." I said pulling her to me and sticking my tongue in her mouth that still tasted like my pussy juice. "Your turn" I said flipping her on her back on the bed. I didn't waste any time and went straight for her hard clit. 

"Oh god yeah, fuck, Mel suck it harder baby please" She yelled and obliged while sticking a finger in her wetness. 

After a few minutes of her beg me to fuck her, my tongue switched places with my finger and I started rubbing her asshole with my thumb. 

"God Mel harder Hun I'm gunna cum soon." she moaned. I rubbed her little clit harder and moved my tongue around in her pussy faster and worked a finger in her ass. "Ohh oh yeah fuck me hard, come on, oh my god I'm cumming!" she screamed and grabbed my hair. 

I loved the taste of her pussy, her cum was so hot and creamy. I kissed my way up her body and lay beside her taking, took her shaking form in my arms and kissed her with all the love l had in me.

"I love you so much Mel, I'm so glad you mine babe." 

"I love you too Alex, I'll never hurt you sweetheart, I promise."

"Mmmm good!" 







(To be continued....)