 It was 9:35 on a Tuesday night and Amber and I were doing the paperwork that comes with closing the store each night. I was sitting in a chair stapling and rubber banding the day's sales together while she stood and wrote out our totals on the deposit ticket and the store and office records. 

I watched as she shifted from one foot to the other, her perfectly round ass looking as spectacular as ever in tight but tasteful black pants. Her breasts were sitting petite and perky in a maroon tank top with black sequins across the top. I could never tell when her nipples were hard; she denied me that pleasure by wearing thicker bras. 

"Are you all right baby?" she asked looking over at me. She always called me baby. It never ceased to make me smile or tingle underneath my skirt. I hadn't realized I was staring at her midsection and hadn't moved in a few minutes. 

"Yeah, I'm fine, just a little tired," I replied.

"Well we'll be home in just a few minutes, I promise," Amber responded with a smile. 

Amber had been my roommate for about two months so we only took one car with us to work everyday. She had known I was a lesbian before she moved in, everyone that worked with us knew, but the topic had never come up in conversation before and she had never mentioned it when I told her she could move in with me when her lease was up on her former apartment. Amber being my current naughty desire, I hadn't had any girls over to our place since she had moved in. 

As this thought passed, I dropped my stapler on the floor and it fell between her muscular legs. As I shyly tried to pick it up without touching her legs, my arm accidentally grazed her calf. Just as I was standing back up, I could swear I heard her gasp and exhale deeply. Thinking that this was just one of my daytime fantasies that strike me from time to time, I dismissed it and continued stapling. 

"Deanna?" She started, a few minutes later.

"Hmm?"

"It's been a while since I've you know, been with someone, and it's also been a while since I've been with myself." With that, I couldn't help but giggle, even though I knew she was trying to make a point. "So I apologize if I seem a little strange lately or if you hear mysterious noises coming from my room," she said shyly, turning red in the face. 

The thought of Amber's moans sent chills reverberating through my body that made me warm and shiver at the same time. "It's ok, we all have to do it sometimes," I replied trying to sound composed, when my inner freak wanted to hear those noises because of what I was doing to her body. 

"Well we're finished," Amber stated, stacking the paperwork together and putting it in a brown folder. 

As I turned to stand up, my breast grazed her arm and I felt my nipples harden, and Amber's body tense as she bit her lip. I saw her fighting with herself to remain professional and walk out of the office without reacting. The turmoil showed on her face, as she stood frozen, as if I had ignited some sort of fire within her. 

Seeing this, I put my hand on her side and turned her to face me. Her eyes peered down to meet mine and I could tell that she was nervous; I could see the apprehension in her face and feel it in her now quickened breathing. Nevertheless, mixed in with her anxiousness I could tell she was ready: her face had flushed and her eyes begged me to continue. 

The realization of my dreams right on the cusp of creation, I wanted to calm her down and let her know that I was going to take care of her, so I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her with a more tender and desirous kiss than I had ever placed on any woman's lips. She responded immediately by kissing me back and putting her hands on my waist. We had carried on like this for quite some time, without a word being said, when I decided to slowly slide my right hand down her chest, over her right breast and down her stomach. At her stomach, she moaned: a quiet but eager dusting of a noise. 

"Is that it baby? Is that your spot?" I breathed seductively, kissing her jawbone and onto her neck. 

"Yes," she breathed back. 

She smelled intoxicating as I sucked on her neck and massaged her breasts over her tank top. Her tiny moans and the feel of her hands rubbing my back and my shoulders aroused me, my Calvin Klein panties were soaked in desire, and my clit longed to be caressed. 

Sensing that she was comfortable, I pulled her tank top over her head as she dutifully lifted her hands up to reveal more of her milky skin. I kissed her neck as I unclasped her black, Victoria's Secret bra and watched her perfect breasts fall out. Small enough to almost fit completely in my mouth, I took one of her beautiful, erect, pink nipples in my mouth and sucked and nibbled on it with such eagerness to please that I felt her knees weaken and pleasure flow through her body. I cupped the other breast in my right hand, slowly ran my thumb over the nipple, and then stroked it with my index and middle fingers before switching sides. Every now and then I would let my hand glide down to her stomach and lightly tease her with my fingernails, causing her to shudder and squeeze my back. When I finally moved my hand to her warm and awaiting spot, the wave of pleasure that went through her body forced her to shriek and nearly fall down. At this, I laughed and began to unbutton her pants.

"I've never done this before," she said, touching my hand as I was unzipping her. 

"I know, it's ok," I replied, kissing her again. 

She must've trusted me because she kicked off her sandals as I slid her pants down to her ankles and she stepped out of them. She was wearing boy shorts with lace around the top and around the thighs. Now kneeling in front of her, I could see that her wetness had soaked through her panties as well. I pulled them down to reveal a completely shaved pussy, awaiting my touch. I once again saw her body tense up.

"I'm sorry if I don't look you know in shape, but I'm gonna try-" she said nervously.

"You're silly," I said, "You're perfect," as I moved my hands along her outer thighs and her ass as I kissed her inner thighs. Her moan as I approached her center was so intense that I knew she wouldn't be able to stand for much longer. Her juices were already beginning to stream down her thigh and onto my tongue. 

She tasted sweeter than any other girl I had ever been with, maybe it was all that fruit she ate that made her so delectable, but whatever it was, I wanted more of it. 

Moving the office chair and the paper work out of the way, I sat her up on the desk and I began to undress. I hadn't wanted anything from her; I just couldn't stand the heat underneath my skirt any longer. I kicked off my flip-flops and took off my halter-top, revealing my naked and firm nipples. My breasts were far larger than hers were and instinctively she grabbed them and began to massage them and tease my nipples. As I stood between her legs, she took my nipple into her mouth and I let out a loud, formerly suppressed moan. This caused her to flick her tongue faster and in more complete circles around my nipple as I had done to her. Becoming even more aroused by this, I quickly pulled my skirt and panties down to reveal my shaved and very wet pussy. 

Her inexperienced fingers went straight for my dripping cunt, making me gasp. As difficult as it was, I moved her hands back to her sides and dropped down to my knees again. Spreading her legs wide open, her wet pink cunt and her exposed clitoris called my name. I pulled her to the edge of the desk and buried my face in her cunt. I licked and sucked to get all of the juices I could. When I began to suck on her clit, she grabbed my head and pushed it further in, screaming for more and thrusting further into my mouth as I controlled her hips. 

Aroused to the brink of insanity, I whispered up to her, "Do you want me to cum with you?"

"Yes, yes, yes! Tell me what to do!" She screamed. 

Then I turned her so that she would be lying horizontally on the desk and I lay upside down on top of her. Putting her knees up I began to lick and suck on her clit again and she followed my lead. Her virginal tongue moved furiously up and down my entire cunt and I screamed and moaned intensely. Just then, I shoved two fingers into her pussy, shocking and rewetting her newly clean twat, which I found delightfully tight. Immediately following, she first thrust her tongue into my hole before pushing in three fingers. It hurt but yielded shivers of pleasure at the same time. I continued licking and sucking on her clit while thrusting my fingers in and out and it seemed like the closer she came to cumming, the more fiercely she replicated my actions with her tongue and fingers. 

I felt her cumming before she even said it. I felt the blood and pressure in her body soar down to her nether regions and then I felt her shudder and her hips buck up as she filled my face with her final juices. 

I got up and turned to wear I was straddling her to see her face. She was flushed, her hair had mixed up all kinds of paper, she was breathing as if she had run a marathon, and tears were running down her cheeks. I smiled and kissed her nose, and her mouth, and then I licked the tears off her face. 

"Thank you," she whispered, through tears of joy.

"No, thank you," I said, smiling.

"I know I can make you cum next time, you were close, right?"

"I most definitely was. You did really well," I replied pecking her on the lips. 

Sensing her complete exhaustion at the past hour's happenings, I helped her dress and we turned out the lights in the store and walked out to the car. 

As I drove, Amber sat curled up asleep in the passenger seat. Her satisfaction was enough to satisfy my desires, but next time, it's my turn...