 Wrapped Up with a Bow (a Crosscannon Roller Derby erotic romance)

SYNOPSIS: A month has passed since the tournament in Portland - since that moment in the locker room when Lynn really *noticed* Jet for the first time. She developed a bit of a crush on her long-time friend and teammate and hasn't been able to shake it. One cold winter day in December, Jet shows up unexpectedly at Lynn's home with a delivery. Little do either of them know, however, that the real gift would turn out not to be the one Jet has in her bag, but the magic they find in one another's arms. Unwrapping your presents has never been so much fun!

"Wrapped Up" is the first published story in the Crosscannon series.

ABOUT THE SERIES: Welcome to Crosscannon, PA - a fictional town in suburban southeast Pennsylvania, and home to the Crosscannon Roller Derby league! Crosscannon Roller Derby Lesfic is queer erotic romance written by a skater. This series aims NOT to fetishize derby, but to portray the sport and community realistically (perhaps a touch idealistically) as the backdrop against which these stories take place. Join the skaters, officials, and volunteers of the fictional Crosscannon league as they navigate the feels, relationships, and sexytimes!

*NOTE TO LITEROTICA READERS: Crosscannon is written with the roller derby community in mind, and as such it assumes that the reader is familiar with the sport. However, the references in this particular piece are minor, so a lack of familiarity with derby won't hinder your enjoyment of the story. Thanks for reading! - Jackie

****************

PROLOGUE

Portland, OR

Early November

The game in progress was shaping up to be a blowout. Lynn was losing interest in watching the action on the track and becoming more aware of the fact that she was still wearing her sweaty uniform from the previous bout. Deciding she could really go for a change into dry clothes, Lynn abandoned her spot in the bleachers and went for a walk.

She rounded the corner into the dimly-lit corridor flanked on either side by locker rooms. When she reached her own team's room, she stepped into the doorway. That's as far as she got when her breath hitched and she froze in place. Lynn hadn't expected to find anyone in there. Of course, it wasn't unusual to run into your teammates coming and going from the locker room during a tournament, but for some reason this time it took her off guard.

Across the room and facing away from the door was Jet - Lynn's teammate and friend, and the team's star jammer. She was topless. Jet held up and inspected various tank tops in succession, apparently debating which one to wear. She hadn't noticed Lynn's presence in the doorway.

This scene wasn't anything new for Lynn. She'd seen nearly the entire team in various degrees of undress over the course of their shared derby careers. But she'd never looked at Jet the way she found herself looking now. Maybe it was the lighting? Incandescent bulbs in old hanging fixtures glowed overhead. A warm light cascaded across Jet's porcelain skin - which Lynn acutely observed was glistening with the faintest sheen of perspiration. Jet's tattoos shimmered as though they'd been painted on only moments prior and the ink had yet to dry. Her build was very slender. On another day, Lynn might have called her "skinny as a rail" or "wiry". But in this moment, it wasn't wire Lynn was looking at. The muscles moving and flexing appeared more like steel cord, or braided mariner's rope, coiled tightly around Jet's long arms and tight torso, shifting hypnotically beneath her skin. To Lynn's eyes, they seemed to be bristling with a kind of strength one would never guess from Jet's unassuming frame. She wondered how it would feel to be tied up in those powerful ropes, to run her fingers against that taut, slender torso, slick with..

A shiver coursed through Lynn's entire body. She was suddenly aware of the goosebumps tingling on her bare arms and... an unexpected heat building in her center, pulsing behind the thin fabric of her leggings. She shifted involuntarily and steadied herself on the door frame. The subtle noise of her movement alerted Jet to her presence, who turned with a start and smiled when she saw Lynn.

"Oh! Hey Lizzy!" Jet always addressed Lynn by her derby moniker. She held up a purple and black Thorn City Rollers tank top, "Check it out, I just picked it up at their merch table."

"Yeah, c-ool!" Lynn's voice caught and she cleared her throat to cover. But she was also very conscious of how widely she seemed to be smiling back at Jet, and she feared there'd be no hiding the blush she could feel climbing from her feet to her face.

****************

"Wrapped Up with a Bow"

Featuring Lynn "Lizzy Clementine" Vogelsang and Jet "Polly Rocket" Mitchell

Crosscannon, PA

Mid-December

Lynn sat cross-legged on her bed in her favorite leggings and a tank top. She closed her laptop and took her headphones off. As soon as she did, she heard a knocking. She raced out of her room and down the stairs to the front door. Upon opening it, a gust of bitingly cold air hit her face.

There on the porch stood her teammate Jet, hands buried under her arms and visibly shivering. She was dressed in a Christmas elf costume - a fitted little green shirt-dress that flared at the bottom, with a pointy hat and a red bow at the collar. And tights.

"Holy shit, get in here!" Lynn pulled her inside and slammed the door. Instinctively she wrapped herself around the freezing-cold Jet and rubbed her back vigorously to warm her up. "I'm so sorry I didn't hear the door! How long were you out there??"

"N-not l-long," Jet murmured through clenched teeth.

"This is NOT a warm outfit! You need to keep a real coat with you hon!"

"I kn-kn-know."

Lynn sighed. Jet was shaking like a leaf.

"You just got off work?" Lynn asked.

Jet nodded.

"How was it?"

"Busy. Everyone's out h-holiday shopping instead of c-cooking I guess, so lots of folks s-stopping in for burgers."

"I can't believe they make you wear that costume."

"Eh," Jet said, "they d-don't, actually. I j-just thought it was cute and people would get a k-kick out of it."

"Well if you're gonna wear it outside it needs an upgrade. Like pants. And long sleeves."

As Jet's shivering subsided, Lynn became acutely conscious of just how long they'd been embracing each other. Her nose was buried in Jet's shoulder-length pastel purple hair, which smelled strongly of fry oil. But somewhere in there she detected the familiar scent of Jet's usual perfume, sweet and fruity like Starburst. God, that scent. Jet seemed so small in her embrace. She was tall - nearly Lynn's height - but her slender build allowed Lynn's long arms to fully wrap around her.

Lynn felt a blush rising in her cheeks. She quickly broke the embrace and turned away. She felt suddenly awkward. Her mind had gone blank, and now her eyes aimlessly searched the living room, seeking a cue for something to say.

Why do I get so tense around her!? It had been a month since that moment in Portland. That moment in the locker room when Lynn really noticed Jet for the first time. She'd developed a bit of a crush on her teammate and hadn't been able to shake it. And they hadn't seen much of each other since then, it being the off-season. Ugh! It's just Jet! Get it together, Lynn!

"Jet," she started, "um... oh, I have your flash drive! That's why you stopped by, right?"

She realized she was speaking a little fast, but Jet seemed unfazed.

"Oh! I do need that, but no. I was passing on my way home, so I figured I'd stop in and give you this. One sec." Jet took a seat on the couch and began digging through her messenger bag. She produced a small rectangular box, about three inches long. The corners were beat up and the sides dented and scuffed. "Sorry, I kept forgetting I had this. I've been meaning to give it to you for the longest time."

Lynn took the box from Jet and sat down next to her. She opened one end. Inside was an object wrapped in tissue paper, and next to it a folded note, which Lynn pulled out first and opened: To Lizzy, Thank you so much! xoxo Polly.

"Thank you? For what?" she asked as she carefully withdrew the wrapped object from the box.

"Remember when you took all that time to work with me on that funky juke?" Jet explained, "and then I got MVP Jammer at the next bout?"

Lynn raised an eyebrow. "Wait, that was at Mid-Atlantic Derbycon! In June!"

"Yeah, well I wanted to thank you, so I picked this up while we were there."

"You had this all that time??"

Jet laughed, "told you I kept forgetting!"

Lynn unrolled the tissue paper to reveal a tiny figurine of a derby skater, standing with hands on hips, its uniform painted in Crosscannon colors. She turned it over. On its back was painted Lynn's number - 67, for the Summer of Love.

"Oh my god, Jet.." Now she knew her blush had to be visible.

"There was a vendor at MAD making these," Jet explained. "Ya know, custom painting them. Anyway, I just wanted to say thanks."

"This is so cool. Thank you so much." Lynn secretly thrilled at the idea that Jet had been thinking about her. She looked up from the figurine and caught Jet's eyes. Those bright, sky-blue eyes. They seemed to be made for daydreaming. Or daydreaming about. She could probably get lost in those eyes for hours. Wait, Jet was saying something!

"Sorry, what?" Lynn tried to recover, "I uh.. zoned out for second."

"I said I'll get out of your hair now. Let you get back to whatever you were doing."

"Oh," Lynn said, "you don't have to.."

"Nah, it's okay. I wanna get out of these clothes anyway."

Lynn's mind jumped to visions of Jet getting out of those clothes. She swallowed hard.

Jet stood up and slung her bag back over her shoulder. Lynn followed her to the door.

"We do have to hang out soon though," Jet said. "With no practice 'til the twenty-third, I wouldn't see you for another month."

"Yeah, definitely!" Lynn replied, immediately worrying that she sounded too eager.

Something caught Jet's eye as she approached the door. She looked up.

"Is that mistletoe?" she asked.

"Oh, my housemate put that up," Lynn explained.

"Oh yeah?" Jet was still looking up at the mistletoe, "well, you know the rules."

Lynn swallowed again.

Jet turned around, smiling, "it's bad luck if we don't!" But her look changed to one of concern when she noticed Lynn's very rosy-red cheeks, "are.. are you blushing?"

"Nn-maybe," Lynn grinned sheepishly.

Oh geez, did I just make her uncomfortable?, Jet worried. "I mean.. unless you don't want t-"

"I didn't say that," Lynn blurted out. Fuck. Now she knew she was sounding too eager.

"Okay then!" Jet said, her usual nonchalant smile returning. She grabbed Lynn by the left wrist and pulled her closer, under the little bough of mistletoe hanging over the door. She leaned in and gave Lynn a simple peck, square on the lips.

Jet backed her face away maybe an inch, then stopped. Lynn really felt rather warm, she was noticing. Her wrist, her lips, her nose as Jet had brushed against it just briefly. At this distance she could feel Lynn's breath on her skin. Something about this moment just felt so.. inviting. Without thinking, Jet leaned in again. Her lips touched Lynn's again. Not pursed like before. Gently. Lynn's eyelashes brushed Jet's cheek as they fluttered shut.

There was a moment of hesitation. Then Lynn's lips parted. Jet tilted her head slightly and pressed her mouth to Lynn's. Lynn pressed back. Now Jet could feel heat rising within herself. Lynn's right hand fumbled for Jet's left. Jet found Lynn's fingers and interlaced them with her own. Seconds passed as they tentatively tasted one another's lips.

"Mmm.." Lynn sighed. She was lost in the kiss, but the sound of her own voice snapped her out of it. How long had it been silent? How long had they been kissing?? She broke it off gently and backed away, looking at the floor, the wall, anywhere but Jet's eyes, "Eh heh.. uh.. sorry.. I-"

"No, I got carried away," Jet said, "I really didn't mean to make that weird. I don't know wh-"

"It's okay," Lynn laughed. She was beet red, but she managed to look at Jet as she spoke, "me too I guess."

"I'll, uh.. I'll just go then," Jet said, "I'll text you about hanging out."

"Sounds good."

Jet turned around to face the door, grabbed the knob, and pulled it open just enough to slip out. She pulled it shut behind her and closed the screen door.

It was snowing now. Goddamn, it was cold. And windy. And Lynn had been so warm. Like.. SO warm. What the hell just happened anyway? Did she really just kiss Lynn? Like a for reals kiss? And it felt good. Like.. REALLY good. Jesus, why did I make it weird??

Lynn stood staring at the door. Her lips tasted of berries - Jet's chapstick.

Whoa. So that just happened.

She turned slowly around to face the living room. There on the coffee table stood the little figurine of her. A really thoughtful gift, even if it did live in Jet's bag for six months due to her forgetfulness. To think, that figure was there waiting half the season. It even flew to Portland with them. Memories of that trip came to mind. Memories of walking around Portland in the chilly rain.. Oh shit, Jet's still in that skimpy outfit! Lynn realized. I have an extra coat, maybe I can catch her.

Lynn grabbed a heavy, long wool coat off the hook on the wall and reached for the door knob. Just then there was a knock. She opened the door to reveal an again-shivering Jet.

"Hey," Lynn appeared perplexed, "I was just coming to give you this." She moved aside to let Jet back into the house and then closed the door behind her.

Once inside, Jet turned around and searched Lynn's eyes with intent.

"What's up?" Lynn asked.

"Uh.. question.." Jet said, "that thing that just happened," she paused and shifted nervously. Her mouth hung open for a second while she carefully chose her next words. "I.. was just being silly. I mean, at first. But then.. Was it more than that?"

"Uhhumm.." Lynn's voice wavered. The question took her off guard. She'd been hanging the coat back on its hook, but it slipped off and landed on the floor. Neither of them seemed to notice. "How.. how do I answer that? I mean.. was it more than that for you?"

"Oh geez, this was a bad idea," Jet looked off to the side and took a deep breath.

Lynn put her hands behind her head and started, "Eh.. I-," she was turning red again.

Jet interrupted, "look.. Something told me if I didn't come back in here and find out, I'd regret it." She collected herself and looked back at Lynn before continuing, "I don't like regrets."

There was a moment of stillness. Uncertainty and anticipation were palpable in the air between them. Lynn was at a loss for words, but her mind was racing all the same. She'd tried so hard to hide the way she felt about Jet, yet tonight's events seemed insistent on throwing back the curtain and exposing her secret. She wanted so badly to confirm Jet's suspicions. Yes, it was more than that! It *is* more than that! But this was Jet! What if she didn't reciprocate? What if she did? What would that mean for their friendship? For the team? At the same time, she couldn't bring herself to flat-out lie to Jet; the thought of it felt like a betrayal - both of her own heart and of the trust between them. Lynn's fear held her tongue captive.

Then Jet seemed to make a decision. She stepped forward and entered Lynn's space, watching her eyes for any sign that she should stop. Lynn was still as a statue. Frozen in place. But there was a softness in her gaze that Jet found reassuring. Slowly, but fluidly, Jet slipped her arms around Lynn's torso. She pulled Lynn in close and brought their lips together once more.

Lynn melted in her embrace. And exhaled. Had she been holding her breath this entire time? She brought her hands around and cradled Jet's face. All the questions disappeared. Something felt so natural about Jet's strong, slender arms holding her, pressing their bodies together from hips to breasts.

Jet spread her fingers out. She could feel Lynn's powerful back muscles tense with excitement. Lynn's thumb caressed Jet's jawline, and her fingers were threaded through Jet's hair just above the nape of her neck. Jet relaxed into those strong hands.

Barely leaving Jet's lips, in a near-whisper Lynn asked, "Do you think this is a bad idea?"

"I don't know," said Jet, "I don't know, maybe." She paused and kissed Lynn again hungrily before continuing, "but it feels right." She was breathing heavily. "Does it feel right to you?"

Lynn wasn't sure it was a good idea either, but god did it feel right. She couldn't deny how badly she wanted this.

"Yes," she responded simply, a giddy smile crossing her face. There was a great sense of relief in no longer having to hide her attraction to Jet, and a rush of wonder in finally being able to indulge it.

Their hot breath mingled in the tiny space between them. It was intoxicating, sharing that space, that air, smelling and tasting one another.

Lynn closed the tiny gap and caught Jet's lips again. At this point they were both wearing Jet's chapstick, and Lynn wanted to taste less berry and more Jet. She ran her tongue against Jet's lower lip. It wasn't long before Jet opened her mouth wider and met Lynn's tongue with her own. There it was, that deep joining they'd both been anticipating. Waves of warmth pulsed through Jet's body as she explored the sweet wetness of Lynn's mouth. Lynn wasn't wearing a bra, and she could feel her nipples hardening as they pressed against Jet.

Without breaking the kiss, Jet maneuvered Lynn so that her back was against the wall. She slid her left leg in between Lynn's. She could feel Lynn's heat against her thigh. Jet moved her hands down Lynn's back and up underneath her shirt. She caressed Lynn's bare skin, tracing the lines of her well-defined obliques. Lynn was, in a word, "cut". She worked hard on her physique, and Jet had admired the results from afar many times. She had often envied Lynn's build. Not until today, though, had she imagined exploring it with her own hands, and now she didn't want to stop.

Giving over to impulse, Jet pressed her crotch against Lynn's thigh and moved slowly, rhythmically against her. Lynn slid her hands gradually down to rest on Jet's hips.

"Mmm.." Jet whimpered. Lynn could feel the pulse of Jet's arousal against her leg. Lynn started to grind her own hips in rhythm with Jet's movements. Her own excitement was beginning to soak through her leggings. Jet could probably tell, but Lynn didn't care. She felt intensely vulnerable, and she was reveling in it. She wanted Jet to feel how wet she was, to know how badly she wanted her.

"Oh my god," Jet whispered, "you're so fucking hot." She arched her back and thrust her thigh into Lynn, at the same time moving from Lynn's mouth to plant kisses along her jawline and neck. Lynn tilted her head back and sighed as Jet explored, each kiss a tantalizing little tickle. With each rhythmic thrust, Lynn's breath hitched a little. She couldn't think in words.

Finally, Jet stopped thrusting and slid her hands up to rest around Lynn's neck and shoulders. "Jesus," she said, "how did I not see this before?"

Lynn, still dazed, looked at Jet. "I, uh, may have thought about it once or twice."

"Come 'ere," said Jet. With one hand she pulled Lynn away from the wall, while with the other she tore her pointy hat off and tossed it across the room. She backed up, bringing Lynn with her at arm's length, until she fell backwards onto the couch, pulling Lynn down on top of her. Lynn caught herself so that she ended up hovering over Jet, face to face with those gorgeous, beaming eyes. With her high cheekbones and narrow chin she really did fit the elf look well, Lynn had to admit.
