 This is a story I wrote a while ago, while I was still crushing on one of my friends big time. It is a goofy story where I attempted to convince her that we could work. Let's just say in real life distance won. Please vote and comment.

SAbitch

*******

It was a spur of the moment decision, Kay got home from work that Wednesday night and packed her bag, she put it the trunk and pulled out of her driveway in Roodepoort and headed for the N1 heading to Bloemfontein. With just one phone call and hearing her best friend's voice she knew she just had to see her, without disclosing her plans to Chantal she made that impulsive and immediate decision to go.

It was a four and a half hour drive and Kay only stopped twice to stretch her legs that cramped if she stayed in the same position for too long. At the last stop she refilled her car and went to the bathroom to fix her hair and pull herself straight. She stared into the mirror, she was a good looking woman, even if she ha to say so her self. Her black hair was cut into a mohawk, short at the sides and spiky all the way around her head, her librette had spikes at each end as it curved around her lower lip, her blue eyes had a tinge of hazel around the pupils and her button nose was the tiniest bit skew after it had been broken during a fight in school three years ago. She loved going to the gym so she had a very toned body with muscles visible through her pale blue skinny jeans and her black 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' T-shirt. Her right lower arm was covered in a half sleeve tattoo consisting of fictional creatures like dragons and her upper left arm was covered in another half sleeve consisting of the theme. She gave herself another once over and walked back to her Audi R4, she stretched once and slipped in behind the steering wheel to make the last 100km of the trip.

When she finally reached Bloemfontein it was just before nine at night and she immediately headed to Langhovenpark, the area her friend lived in. When she reached the security gate at her friends complex she dialed Chantal's number, after Kay almost hung up, Chantal answered, "Hey my bol!"

"Hey my poef, listen how much do you trust me?" Kay asked.

"Way too much, why?" Chantal's voice was suspicious.

"Will you do me the favor of opening up the gate then? I sent someone to deliver something to you." Kay kept her voice impartial.

"Okay? I'm opening it now, what did you send?" Chantal felt excitement fill her, Kay was always doing these sweet things for her.

"You'll just have to wait and see." Kay waited as nervousness filled her.

The gate opened and Kay hit the end call button as her car slowly hummed over the rail of the gate. She took a few turns and finally arrived at her friend's apartment, she was waiting outside and when she saw the car she started screaming. Before Kay could out of the car Chantal jumped on her and she fell back against the car. "Slowly, my muscles are in spasm." Kay said jokingly as she laughed at her friend's reaction.

"What are you doing here?" Chantal couldn't believe it, here Kay was and Chantal's heart was beating out of her chest.

"I missed you and decided to drive down." Kay smiled at her, 'God she's beautiful,' Kay thought.

"I'm so fucking happy that you are here," as Chantal said that she pulled Kay in for another bone crushing hug.

"Are you making coffee?" Kay asked as she removed her bag from the car and walked up the few steps to the front door.

"Only because you drove all this way to see me," Chantal held the door open for Kay.

Chantal put the kettle on as Kay carried her bags to the spare room. The apartment looked the same as she remembered it, white walls and off white carpets running through out the apartment, in the living area she had her large flat screen TV with a decent surround sound system and way too many DVDs. The large brown lounge suit called to Kay to just lie down for a while, but she ignored that urge and joined her friend in the kitchen just as Chantal poured the water in the mugs. Chantal couldn't wipe the smile off of her face and it pleased Kay. 

She always found Chantal the most beautiful when her full, light tan colored lips curled into a bright smile that reached those mesmerizing dark brown eyes. Kay simply stared at her friend, her long dark brown hair touching her shoulder blades, the cutest button nose than you'll ever see and that athletic body. God, every time Kay looked at that body she just wanted to get her naked. Chantal had full B cup sized breasts that perked high on her chest and her white tank top showed them off perfectly and her toned legs in those blue sandblasted jeans made Kay feel weak. The jeans also accentuated her round and small, but perfect ass.

"Are we going out for a drink? You just have to come with me and shock the shit out of the bitches in this place." Kay admired how much confidence Chantal had in her, always wanting her to show the local lesbos that she didn't fear them.

"Okay, we can go have a drink tonight, but tomorrow night it's just me and you and some DVDs. Deal?"

Chantal almost jumped on top of Kay, "Thank you! Considering that they always want to gossip let's give them something to gossip about."

"I don't live here anymore, I don't care what they have to say. They made life hard enough for me when I lived here, if I didn't have to see them at all I would be happy." Kay said dryly.

"Well I want you to come with me, we won't talk to them, I just want them to see that I am with you." Chantal gave Kay her mug and took a seat next to her.

Chantal always gave off so many mixed signals that Kay never knew how she truly felt about her, they could talk about sex and Kay would joke about she would make Chantal scream after Chantal denied that she was a screamer, the next moment Chantal would put a picture of her and some other girl on her profile. Kay gave up trying to figure it out, Chantal never gave her straight answers in any way. 

"Oh, so I'm only a trophy that you get to parade around with?" Kay loved pulling Chantal's leg, because she was so sensitive to how Kay reacted to something she said.

"No. that's not what I meant! I love you, you know that and you're my best friend!"

Kay burst out laughing when Chantal tried to explain, she hit her with a fist on the shoulder and Kay almost fell out of the chair in pain. 

"You are a real fucker sometimes, do you realize that?" Chantal said as she pulled her arm back.

"Ouch! You hit way too hard for a femme! Jesus, little less benching!"

"Just because I don't hit like a bitch doesn't mean that I'm going butch!"

She turned on her heel and walked to her room to get ready for the drink, leaving Kay there massaging her shoulder. She downed her coffee in one gulp and walked to the spare room to change and put some deodorant on. She pulled her shirt over her head, kicked her black and red DC sneakers of and pulled down her jeans, she looked in the mirror and admired her latest tattoo. It was a tribal phoenix with musical notes in the wings, this tattoo had special meaning to her, it represented life and death and her beliefs in reincarnation. Like the phoenix, Kay believes that the day she dies she will be reborn from her ashes. Kay liked to admire her body, because she worked so hard to get it in this form and to maintain it.

Her flat stomach bulged where her six pack showed, her v-line ran with perfect lines into her boy short underwear and her legs showed her muscles, even her ass was toned, but no part of her looked manly in any sense. She was simply more toned than the average woman, more or less like the more feminine athletes, she had B cup breasts, not as full as her friends, but clearly visible in her black and lime sports bra. Chantal burst into her room as she unpacked her bag to get her ripped jeans and black tight fitting tank top. 

"New tattoo?" she asked as she plopped down on the bed and watched Kay in her underwear.

"Yeah got it about three weeks ago, you know for how long I've wanted it and I finally found someone who did the design perfectly." Kay mused looking at the tattoo.

"It looks good on you." Chantal almost her next thought aloud, 'that body makes the tattoo look good.'

Chantal let her eyes drift freely over her half naked friend, suddenly wondering what it would be like to have that toned body under her tongue, each time she saw Kay, she seemed to get hotter. Kay caught her wandering eyes as she pulled her top over her head.

"Are you gonna keep staring?" Kay eyed her suspiciously.

"I'm not staring, I am simply appreciating the view of my best friend in her underwear." Chantal blushed a little.

Kay burst out laughing, "Is that why you are drooling?"

Chantal immediately touched the back of her hand to her mouth and Kay laughed even harder.

Chantal reached for Kay's hair spray and threw it at her, it hit her on her right hand.

"Ouch, fuck! Do you always have to be so violent? I will need that hand to make you scream later, you know." Kay said holding her hand.

"I don't scream and your hand won't be going anywhere that could make me MOAN." She said it simply but her eyes were daring.

Kay pulled her jeans on and tightened her black belt, "Keep telling yourself that."

"You won't be able to handle all of this," she stood up and pointed to her body.

"Honey, I've had much more and a lot more kinky than you will ever be. This white bitch can handle anything you throw at her."

Chantal blushed, Kay laughed as her tanned skin turned red. She stepped into her sneakers and touched her hair up.

"Let's go miss you-can't-touch-this." Kay said as she walked out of the door.

Chantal followed Kay out and locked the door while Kay started her car. "Thank you for opening the door for me!" Chantal shouted at her.

"You have hands, so you can do it yourself." Kay mocked her.

"Still the same Kay, just less romantic and chivalric," Chantal concluded.

Kay turned her stereo up as 'Don't Wake Me Up' started playing, singing along to the song she drove toward 2nds. This had to be one of her favorite songs of all time, but it made her yearn for Chantal even more. They reached the club and Kay pulled into the parking lot behind it.

"Make sure no one comes close to my car!" She told the car watch as she walked toward the entrance.

"Yes, sure thing." He said moving closer to the car to keep an eye on it.

They walked past the large windows and Kay immediately saw one of her foes, Gizelle, playing beer pong with her other foes, Freddy and Kay's ex Nora. 

"Great start to the night!" Kay moaned.

"Ignore the idiots, they are constantly looking for attention just don't give it to them. If they come close to you I will kick this place down." Chantal smiled and took Kay's arm. She would protect Kay forever, event though Kay hardly needed it.

Chantal hooked her arm into Kay's as they walked in, the bouncer hugged Kay and lifted her off the ground. "Long time, no see!"

"How are you Pete?" Kay asked, laughing.

"I'm good, just missing you! Now there's no one to carry to their cars or keep from beating someone up. It makes life boring." Pete complained jokingly.

Kay laughed, "And here I thought it relieved your stress."

As Kay stepped over the threshold one of her friends ran to her and almost caused her to fall backwards as she jumped on her.

"My dimples!" Nads shouted.

"Hey my smiley. How are you?" Kay said hugging her.

"So happy that you're here!" Nads hugged her tighter.

Nadz went on to hug Chantal and they left for the bar, Kay could feel the eyes on her. Everyone came to greet her at the bar, even, to her amazement, her ex. She still looked the same, tall, skinny with light brown hair and dark brown eyes.

"Hey how are you?" Nora asked, genuinely.

"Uhm, great and you?" Kay felt unsure about her presence.

"I'm good. What are you doing here?" She asked as she touched Kay's arm in a flirty way. 

Chantal stepped in, "Visiting me. Now please go back to your group, because you had her, left her and now that you miss her it's too fucking late!"

"What the fuck is your problem?" Nora asked, anger audible in her voice.

"You are my problem..." Chantal stepped closer her, her eyes shooting fire.

"We are going to go dance, enjoy your night," Kay took Chantal's arm and led her to the small dance floor where all their acquaintances were gathered. 

"I still wanna smash her head in!" Chantal said angrily.

"She's not worth it, let her go on her way." Kay tried to calm her down.

"If she comes close to you again she will need plastic surgery when I'm done with her." Chantal was fuming at the guts of that bitch.

Kay didn't know what to say, so she simply hugged her shaking friend. "You know what I don't get Kay? She hurt you so badly and you just keep being nice to her. I was there wiping away your tears, cleaning your cuts and picking up the pieces and there you stand and let her touch you and flirt with you!"

"Please calm down, babe, she means nothing to me and I appreciate everything you did for me. But why are you so upset about what happened?" Kay felt her options of calming her friend drain.

Chantal almost voiced what she had felt for so long, she wanted to yell at Kay and tell her that it was because she was jealous, because she has loved Kay since the first day she met her and couldn't stand the fact that Kay was dating such a self-absorbed bitch, but all she said was, "Because I care about you!"

"Okay, I won't speak to her again. Can we drink now?" Kay asked hugging her again, she had hoped it was because of jealousy.

With that the party started, shooters and drinks were running and at about three that morning Chantal and Kay went home. When they got there they simply passed out together in Chantal's bed, wearing only their underwear because they were too drunk to put there PJ's on.

Kay woke up at the sound of an alarm and saw Chantal draped over her, her leg over Kay's thighs and her arm across her torso with her head on Kay's chest. "Shit, my head hurts!"

Kay laughed, "Because you wouldn't leave the shooters alone. Want some coffee?"

"Yeah that sounds great." Chantal massaged her temples.

Kay made the coffee and took a glass of water with two aspirin with her to the room, she handed the water and aspirin to Chantal and she drank it with the entire glass of water. 

"Thank you, now I need to shower and get to work." She sat up and fell back down.

"Call in sick, you are not going to survive this day." Kay said, playing lazily with Chantal's hair.

"I can't stay home, I have too many appointments." Chantal wanted to take the off day so badly.

With that she went to shower and left for work half an hour later after Kay fed her tomato cocktails and all of the hangover fixes she could think of. Kay spent the day with Nadz and a couple of other people, they went to places that had the most memories for them and ended up at the monument for women in The Anglo-Boere war. There they had a picnic and played their version of soccer. 

Kay left for Chantal's place when she phoned to say that she was on her way home.

"What a day! But I have to say that your hangover mixes saved me." Chantal happily hugged Kay.

"I'm glad they helped, so are we gonna go gym?" Kay asked, she couldn't go a day without a gym session.

"Yes, let me change." Chantal just wanted to see Kay's muscles flex under those weights.

They left for the gym and arrived there just after six, once there they both hit the treadmills. Kay took her shirt off after the run because she was getting too hot. After the run they hit the weights and Chantal stared in amazement as her friend's muscles flexed every time she lifted a weight, again those thoughts popped into her mind. She really needed to be with Kay, to feel her lips, to taste her and hold her.

After the gym they went home and showered, Kay chose a movie and Chantal settled in on the couch.

"That was an insane work out, I loved it!" Kay said smiling.

"It was pretty good yes," Chantal moved up and Kay sat down, she leaned against Kay, resting her head on her shoulder and pulling Kay's arm around her. Together they watched the movie and Kay loved having Chantal in her arms, she maneuvered so that they lay down and Chantal moved closer to her, pressing her body against Kay's.

Chantal turned around and faced Kay, who was on the verge of asleep.

"Don't you dare fall asleep on me!" Chantal teased.

"I'm trying really hard, how bout you do something to keep me awake then." Kay said, her eyes still closed.

"You can't handle me keeping you awake." Chantal felt Kay's slow breath on her mouth and she wanted to kiss Kay.

"Seriously? You really doubt me and my ability to..." Kay couldn't finish her sentence.

Without warning Chantal kissed her, Kay was in shock as her heart beat against her chest and almost forgot to kiss back, her senses came back to her when Chantal started to pull away. She grabbed Chantal and pulled her back in. Chantal parted her lips and Kay let her tongue explore Chantal's mouth and then their tongues met, Chantal expertly moved her tongue against Kay's, as they both felt their urge grow and that tingling between their thighs get more intense.

Then Kay maneuvered herself on top of Kay and kissed her with urgency, her hands started to run over Chantal's body, exploring every curve of her body, slowly running her hand up Chantal's torso until it rested on the side of Chantal's breast. Her heart almost leaped out of her chest as she felt the lump in her palm, then Chantal made a sudden move to attempt to get on top of Kay and they both fell off the couch as Chantal landed on top of Kay. They both burst out in laughter as Kay hit the floor with a loud thump.

"Ouch! Why is it that I always get hurt somehow when I'm with you?" Kay asked, trying to catch her breath.

"I'm just naturally rough and you said you can handle this." Chantal said, straddling Kay's thighs.

"Hmm, at that specific moment, you know, when you kissed me, I was talking about coffee. If you allowed me to finish my sentence I would have said my ability to consume caffeine." Kay replied jokingly.

"Oh, so me kissing you wasn't as good as coffee?" Chantal asked, pouting, half real and half pretend.

"I never said that, it definitely made my heart beat faster than caffeine ever could and it was so much sweeter." Kay said smiling as Chantal's eyes lit up.

"But coffee would have been better?" Chantal asked, still pouting, she knew her eyes betrayed her.

"No, you taste better, just one problem." Kay said teasingly.

"What's that problem then?" Chantal asked curiously.

"Now I simply want more." Kay touched Chantal's cheek, she felt complete in that moment.

Chantal smiled at that and leaned down to kiss Kay again, it was a short, simple kiss.

"Oh, is that all I get now?" Kay asked, not hiding her disappointment.

"Hmm, I don't know. I'm still deciding." Chantal wanted to never stop kissing her, but in the back of her mind she knew Kay had to go home again soon.

Then Kay had a spur of the moment thought and she tickled Chantal, after that a tickle war broke out, Kay eventually got on top of Chantal and she tickled her until tears rolled down her face from laughter. Chantal reached up and pulled Kay in for a kiss. Kay felt Chantal lips melt against hers, she tasted the sweet taste on her tongue and she hungered for more. Kay moved her hand up and placed it over Chantal's breast and kneaded the soft flesh in her hand. A soft moan escaped Chantal's lips as she reached for the bottom of Kay's shirt and pulled it over her head.

She then rolled over and got on top of Kay, she removed her shirt and Kay reached up and cupped those breasts in her hands. She sat up and kissed Chantal's neck all the way down to her collarbone as Chantal's soft moans filled her ears. Chantal could never have imagined anything feeling as could as this felt.
