 I was beginning to think that it never actually happened. Once again, the delineation that exists between memories and fantasies was becoming ever more difficult to define. I was convinced that my wife and I had switched bodies, just for a few hours, but the details as I remembered them were slipping into a softer focus as the weeks went by. But then it happened again.

This time, when we awoke, that initial confusion was absent. I had my wife's perfect body and she had mine. Whether it was real or not was no longer the issue. The question this time was how long was this going to last?

Little was said as we wiped the sleep from our eyes and looked each other over, as if for the first time once again. Admittedly, there was something narcissistic about admiring our own bodies when adorned by the other, but moreover, it just seemed like our attraction for one another was a constant that went beyond mere physicality. If our bodies were like clothes, she wore it well, but looked good no matter what. 

As for our actual clothes, they had already joined each other in a wadded mess on the bedroom floor. When I kissed her, the oddness of my lips touching those of a man did strike me as awkward at first, but it was still my wife, after all. The longer our tongues had spent in this delicate dance, the harder it was to tell which one was whose anyway. 

In the three and a half years that we had been married, and particularly since the last time that we had awoken in a body that was foreign but pleasantly familiar, we had come to share everything with one another, and our bodies were no exception. Even in ordinary circumstances, my penis belonged to her as much as it did to me, and her pussy was there whenever I wanted it. There was no question that the experience of a few months ago had brought us closer in practically every way. 

And now we found ourselves in a situation that was almost identical. Once that initial awkwardness of essentially kissing ourselves had worn off, I felt my wife's warm hand on my breast. Her soft touch made me feel like melting wax, if only for a moment, and my pussy was already dripping with anticipation.

After a moment, she stood up rather abruptly, her hard cock swinging in the morning air, and she guided me by the hand to a standing position, where we continued to make out with eager hands. "Let's take a shower," she said in my voice. I had no idea that's actually what I sound like.

The water beaded and rolled off my attentive breasts as my body responded to my wife's hands upon them. We continued to kiss under in the steam of the shower as our heavy breathing took in the heavy air around us. Elizabeth's right hand soon found my throbbing pussy, which was aching to be touched. She knew exactly how to touch it, too.

She rolled my clit between her fingers and then glided her middle finger over the opening of my pussy, only teasing me with the hint of penetration. This continued for not more than thirty seconds before my legs grew weak under the force of an orgasm that arrived without warning. With the delicacy of a surgeon, she applied a constant pressure to my clit as the orgasm sent waves of pleasure throughout my shuddering body.

Then it was her turn. I guided her around and positioned myself behind her in the shower before wrapping my hand around her cock in the most familiar manner I could think of. She started bucking unconsciously against my naked, dripping skin as I worked my right hand along the length of her penis, massaging her balls with my left. A rhythm was soon established, and before either of us knew it, she was spurting cum all over the glass wall that had become translucent with condensation. 

When we got out of the shower, out of habit, we each grabbed the robe that she and I usually wear only to find that they did not fit. I had on a blue robe that touched the floor, and she was wearing a pink robe that couldn't cover her cock, which was still partially erect. Then she noticed the time.

"Oh shit. I have to be to work in half an hour. I mean, you have to... oh, no. I better call in. Or you better call in."

She was in a mild state of panic, which I actually think is normal for a lawyer.

"I've got a presentation due in my World Lit class," I said. "I can't miss that." 

"How long is this going to last?"

"How should I know? Last time, we went back to our own bodies after falling back asleep."

"We don't have time for that right now," she said, apparently growing more impatient with each wasted minute.

"So what do we do?"

"I don't know," she said. "Only one of us went to law school."

"And you probably don't know much about post-colonialism."

"Maybe you better give me a crash course."

"Yeah. Me, too."

I don't think either of us necessarily wanted to squander such a rare opportunity learning about a relatively boring legal case involving a traffic accident, and a grad school presentation about the effects of a consumerist culture in the third world nations of South America. Plus we were putting on clothes that felt kind of weird to be wearing.

"Hey. How do I look?" I asked, half joking, although I knew this skirt looked good on her.

"Damn. I'm hot."

"Yeah, you are." With that, I buttoned up the last button on her blouse. Oddly, the fact that the buttons were on the wrong side was one of the most awkward things that I had encountered in this altered state.

Elizabeth continued to fill me in on the details of her case as I drove to her office. Some guy honked at me, as if that has ever been a viable means of meeting attractive women. I rolled down my window to let him know that he was a complete idiot. 

Meanwhile, Elizabeth didn't have to be to class until ten, so she was still hanging around the house, moving furniture, apparently just because she could. She also later told me that she had opened up three jars of pickles just for fun.

By the time I got to the office, Allison, my wife's assistant, was already briefing me on today's schedule. I had never actually seen her smile before, nor had I ever really noticed how hot she was. When she leaned over my desk, I could see right down her blouse. She blushed for both of us when she caught me looking. I asked her to cancel all of my meetings, as I had a lot of work to do today.

Of course, all that hard work, at least for the first couple of hours, mostly entailed doing searches on the internet, which inevitably led to some hot videos of lesbians licking each other's pussies. What can I say? I may have been in a woman's body, but inside, I was still a man.

That didn't stop the juices from flowing. Before I knew it, my panties were soaked. I looked through the desk drawers for a tissue or a napkin, or anything to keep my arousal from becoming too obvious as the droplets formed at the base of my thigh. 

Needless to say, I was surprised to find a silver vibrator behind some file folders. It was pretty much the opposite of what I was looking for, but I pulled it out nonetheless. For some reason, my first instinct was to smell it, despite the fact that the very pussy that this had been in was right there between my legs and was now gushing with arousal.

I slid my panties off and stuck them in the drawer, then put the vibrator in the most logical place I could think of. It felt amazing. I barely had to do anything but hold it there. It felt like a thousand tiny fingers, one for every tingling nerve in my very wet vagina. I could feel the orgasm building.

Suddenly interrupted by what barely counts as a knock, Allison poked her head in the office door. "Liz. You were supposed to be at the D.A.'s office a half an hour ago. They called a little while ago, but you didn't pick up when I tried to transfer the call."

I scrambled to drop the vibrator to the floor and shut off the monitor as she made her way over to my desk. "What did you tell them?" I asked, my face flush with panic.

"I faxed over the documents that they needed and rescheduled the meeting for Wednesday. Are you alright?"

"Yeah. I guess I'm just not feeling myself today." No sooner had I said that than the speakers on my computer came alive with moans of female pleasure. One of the videos that I had on was still playing, despite the fact that the monitor was off. Allison smiled and looked at me, then redirected her eyes to the floor, where I'm pretty sure that she saw the glistening silver vibrator beside my foot. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't know you were... I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to..." She blushed in many shades of red and almost tripped over her own feet as she backed her way toward the office door.

"Wait. Allison." I wasn't sure where I was going with that sentence.

"Yes?"

"Like I said, I'm not really feeling myself today. I may need to go home early."

"It's ok. I mean, don't be embarrassed. Everybody does it."

"Does what?"

"I'll probably go for a little stress relief when I get home, too."

"It's just that kind of day, huh?"

"You should lay down." She motioned to the couch in my office. "I'll see to it that you're not disturbed." There was that smile again. 

"Thanks, Allison. I might just do that."

"Let me know if you need anything," she said with a wink as she headed back to her desk, closing the door behind her. 

Somehow, I was actually more turned on now. Being in my wife's body, getting caught masturbating by a gorgeous young female assistant probably has a different effect than it would have had if I was in my natural state. Hell, if she knew I was a man, and I was sitting there jerking off, she'd probably have filed a sexual harassment charge by now. As it is, though, I wasn't sure what to think. What did she mean by that?

Of course, my imagination had already taken it to mean many things. My pussy was throbbing as I pumped the vibrator in and out at the pace of my burdened breath. As the orgasm came over me, my body shook until I couldn't move if I wanted to. I was numb with ecstasy. Then the phone rang.

"Hello?" It was Allison.

"I hope I didn't disturb you again. I just wanted to let you know that if you wanted to, I mean, I used to me a masseuse, and I know a lot of ways to relieve stress and get the tension out. Besides, it looks like everybody's gone out for lunch."

"Yeah, sure. Come on in," I said, unaware of what exactly I was agreeing to. When she entered a few moments later, she looked a bit flustered. He face was flush and her skirt was more wrinkled than it was last time she was in there.

"I thought you were going to lay down," she said with a smile.

"I guess I was preoccupied," I said as I put the vibrator back behind the file folders. 

"A lot of work today, huh?"

"Yeah, I've had my hands full all morning." 

"Maybe I can help," she said as she took off her suit jacket and unbuttoned the top button of her blouse.

I followed her cue and walked over to the couch.

"Take off your shirt," she said. "It's much easier to give a massage if I could work directly on your skin. It's like kneading dough"

"Oh, no. You really don't have to."

"I want to," she said. That was all I needed. Less than a minute later, I was naked from the waist up.

"Maybe it would be easier if you took off your shirt, too. You know, just to allow better movement."

And that was all she needed. That never would have worked if I was in my own body. The next thing I knew, there we were, two gorgeous young women half naked. "It's liberating, isn't it?" Before I had a chance to respond, she asked me to turn around so that she could start on my shoulders. Her hands were like magic.

"I had no idea how stressed I had been lately," I said, quite honestly. "That feels amazing."

"Just wait." Her hands slowly worked their way down my back, eventually reaching the base of my spine. "Would you mind taking off your skirt and laying down on your stomach?"

There was no hesitation on my part to comply. She seemed surprised to see that I wasn't wearing underwear, even though she had just caught me masturbating not even twenty minutes ago. 

"Do you work out?" she asked. "You have a beautiful body."

"Yeah. I mean, thank you. You, too."

"Really? I've always thought my breasts were too small." They were little, but she certainly wasn't flat.

"Don't they say that small breasts are more sensitive?" I asked, genuinely curious.

"I know mine are. I can't brush them up against the inside of a t-shirt without my nipples getting hard." Sure enough, her nipples were pointed right at me. "Lay down," she said in a breath that was almost a whisper.

Her hands resumed their position on my lower back, but this time, they continued to go lower. Soon she had one of my cheeks in each her hand, spreading my ass with each fluid movement. I spread my legs ever so slightly. Her thumbs then began to inch their way closer to my anus, sending waves of pleasure directly to my pussy with each subtle movement. The next thing I knew, she was rubbing the rim of my asshole with alternating thumbs, sending me ever-closer to cumming again. Then she leaned over and licked me right in the dirtiest of places. Her tongue worked its way around my sphincter, causing my pussy to gush with excitement.

After a minute or two of this, she got up and helped me roll over, then proceeded to kneel back down between my legs. It only took a moment for her tongue to find what it was looking for. My mind went blank. All I could think about was how absolutely amazing this felt to have this beautiful woman licking my pussy. She must have known I was close, as she kissed my clit ever so delicately at just the right time, sending me over the edge into a mind-blowing orgasm. The juices literally flowed out of my pussy, onto her eager face as she continued to lap it up like she had just walked across the Sahara on a summer day.

She eased up as the orgasm subsided, then she stood up and dropped her skirt and panties to the floor. Without hesitation, she straddled my face and I licked her pussy just like I've licked my wife's a thousand times. Allison probably thought that my wife must have had a lesbian side all along in order for me to be doing this as well as I was. Of course, the fact that I had just experienced the receiving end of this just moments ago didn't hurt.

Her pussy was sweet, like butterscotch. I worked my tongue in and around every part of it, devouring every drop of her wetness. Then, just as she had done, I puckered up and kissed her clit, catapulting her into an intense orgasm. She fucked my face with vigor as her pussy melted at the tip of my tongue.

As things began slow down, she dismounted my face as her breathing returned to normal. "Wow. You're good at that. Thank you," she said. "I needed that."

"What are friends for?" I said. "Anytime you need it, just knock."

By then, she was dressed and on her way out the office door. "I will," she said, closing the door behind her.

So I just sat there for a moment, amazed at everything, really. When I went to bed last night, I had expected to be giving a presentation on post-colonialism to a group of professors right now. Instead, I was naked, in my wife's body, in my wife's office, and I just ate out her assistant. 

This is where my male brain came in handy, blessed and cursed with the ability to rationalize just about anything. I retroactively justified my actions by thinking that if she cheated on me, I'd be the one that would be upset, and since I wasn't upset, no harm done. Sounds good, right?

As I was getting dressed, the phone rang. 

"Hello?" I was expecting it to be Allison again, but it was a man's voice. Mine, actually.

"How's everything going there?"

"Pretty good. I've mostly just locked myself in the office all day."

"Good."

"How did my presentation go?" 

"I'll tell you about it when you get home. It's been a crazy day. Are you going to be home soon?"

"I guess I could probably leave anytime."

"I'm anxious to see you. There are some things that I'd like to do before things go back to normal."

"Me, too."

So we said our goodbyes and I hung up, then finished getting dressed. I couldn't wait to get home.