 All participants are over 21.

Julianna became very ill and was rushed to the hospital. The doctor informed me that she only has 4-6 weeks to live. The news was devastating. I'm glad Alannah was with me or I probably wouldn't have made it.

Alannah told me that I needed to be strong for Julianna. How she shouldn't spend her last days shut up inside of a hotel worrying about me. I agreed but I honestly didn't know what to do about it until it came to me like a whisper. Julianna the free spirit had always wanted to travel in a car like Thelma and Louise.

I made a phone call. They didn't have a 1966 blue Thunderbird convertible so I bought a blue vintage 1966 Cadillac Eldorado convertible. I asked Alannah to stay with Julianna while I made our travel arrangements. I kissed a sleeping beauty Julianna on her cheek then left the hospital. I made a call to the president of the Screen Actors Gulid- American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. He confirmed that Julianna would qualify and he would contact me when all the formalities were taking care of. I was so very happy to have accomplished that for Julianna. That would be our last stop. The first stop would be here in Atlanta Georgia in case Julianna wouldn't be fit to travel.

I drove to the Grand Hyatt Atlanta on Peachtree. I booked a suite with Jacuzzi offering the most privacy. I asked about gay clubs there and was immediately told to try "The Limelight". I thanked the concierge then went and purchased two VIP all access passes. Finally everything was set there and I stopped by Julianna's hotel and got us all a change of clothes.

When I returned Alannah and Julianna were both asleep so I took a hot shower and got dressed. I was brushing my teeth when Alannah came into the bathroom. After I was done she gave me a very passionate kiss then undressed and got inside the shower. I reluctantly left out the bathroom and was happy to see Julianna was awake.

I wrapped my arms around her then got inside of bed with her. She rested her head on my chest as she had tears streaming down her face. She tried to apologize for not telling me. I shushed her and told her I understood.

We would not sit around crying or waiting for the inevitable to happen. She still had life and we were going to enjoy it. Her doctor had signed off on her hospital leave and after discharging her I told her she was officially being kidnapped.

Alannah suggested as a successful actress, Julianna would need a disguise where no one would recognize her. I decided we both could use a change so Julianna called her make-up artist. Hannah told Julianna that it would be cool if they could change their names during their adventure as well. Julianna loved the idea and immediately wanted to be Betty Boops. Hannah laughed informing her that the name was dated. Julianna ( Would use the pseudonym Elizabeth "Betty" Williams) and Hannah ( Would use the pseudonym Eleanor "Elle" Woods). Alannah dropped them off at the hotel then went to the airport to pickup the make-up artist who should be on her way. I helped Julianna inside because she was still weak. 

While Alannah was gone I decided to cook a big breakfast. I made Canadian bacon, cheese omelettes, pancakes, and strawberry sauce to go over pancakes. I fed Julianna. I didn't need to but we both enjoyed it. I could tell my free spirited sister was back since she was trying to manipulate me into telling her my plans.

Alannah and the stylist came in. She immediately went to work while Alannah and I decided to have breakfast first. She asked Julianna what look she was after. I spoke for her and said, "make Boops unrecognizable." She smiled at the name Boops, then asked me as in Betty? I confirmed, then her and Julianna disappeared into the bedroom.

I asked Alannah if she'd be traveling with us. She said no. Then explained this was something that Julianna and I needed to do alone but swore she would keep in touch and be there when we returned. I felt like I was losing two people that just came back into my life. I ate the rest of my breakfast in silence.

"Boops" came out of the bedroom wearing a white crop top, no bra because her shirt was cut up in the back. She wore a matching long black skirt with a slit showing off her long legs. Her accessories consisted of silver bangle bracelets and large hoop earrings. Her hair had been dyed black and cut short with small ringlets on the end. She had on silver eye shadow and deep blue contacts completing her Makeover. She was stunning!

It was my turn as I was rushed excitedly into Julianna's suite. I was actually quite nervous. I took a hot shower washing my body thoroughly while wearing a shower cap. I shaved every inch then got out drying off. I sat inside of the chair at the vanity wearing only my robe.

The stylist dyed my hair a beautiful honey blonde then thickened it up by adding pieces. I chose to keep my deep green eyes and the hairstyle kinda made me resemble Amber Heard. I even got my teeth whitened then was given a Jean skirt and red silk blouse. I lotioned my body then put on red panties and bra set beneath the outfit with red ankle strapped sandals. We packed up our bags and new identifications. We both bid Alannah a tearful farewell.

We drove the Eldorado convertible into the city then checked inside of the hotel. Julianna was tired so I let her nap while I called Alannah. I described the hotel we were in, and told her about the club we were going to that night, in case she changed her mind about joining us. After our conversation I laid next to Julianna with my arm wrapped around her waist. I ran my fingers through her silky black hair as I kissed her forehead. I couldn't stop my mind from rambling, all I kept thinking of was all the things I'd miss once Julianna was gone. I fought hard to control the tears and finally I gave into them until I slept.

Julianna woke up pretty hungry. We went downstairs and ate at the restaurant in the hotel then went to the club. The club was actually fairly nice. It had a Euro-style. 

Techno music was playing really loud and a refreshed Julianna pulled me to the dance floor. We started hopping and twisting our hips in rhythm to the up tempo beat. My heart was pounding and I was perspiring profusely. I dragged Julianna off the floor and over to the bar.

I sat next to this beautiful timid mousy woman with designer glasses. She had dull light brown hair with feathered bangs. Her lipstick was dark against her olive skin color. She wore a blue and black plaid skirt set with matching jacket. 

Her jewelry was a silver charm bracelet and mood ring. She was a beautiful woman I couldn't help but stare. She looked up at me through her lashes and I smiled while nodding back. I got close to her ear and introduced myself while Julianna got the bartenders attention.

The girls name was April. I could barely hear her and it was actually uplifting to me since I'd always been very shy. Something about her brought out my confidence as I started to drag out a conversation with her. I decided a drink may loosen our tongues. I ordered us a few screw drivers. We sat talking to April but also kept an eye out for Julianna who was dancing with a gorgeous brunette at the time.

April was explaining her job of enabling the spread of information over the internet through an easy to use format. I wasn't into it before but I found it very fascinating. April seemed pleased with my interest. Julianna walked over with the tall gorgeous brunette and informed me they were leaving. Being that we didn't know anything about these ladies I suggested we go to our suite where we all could get to know one another. I was surprised all agreed including April.

Once upstairs inside the hotel room I learn the tall gorgeous brunette's name was Donna. We decided to play a juvenile game of dare to break the ice. I said since April and I were both shy, maybe Donna and Julianna should start the game. They both seemed very eager and readily agreed. 

April and I gulped down our drinks terrified by what was to come next. Julianna faced me and dared me to go throw my panties off the balcony. I got up and strolled into my bedroom suite grabbed a pair of panties I wouldn't miss and tossed them over the balcony. That brought a cheeky smirk from me as April laughed, the other two however were not amused.

I turned to Julianna. "Boops you know from past experience you must be very specific in this game. " 

Julianna was still not amused. I picked Donna for a dare. She was breathtaking. I dared her to face me and slowly take off that crop top she was wearing. She smiled and looked inside my eyes keeping contact while lifting her shirt slowly. We briefly lost eye contact when she lifted her shirt above her head. Her wonderful breast were giving nice cleavage as they puffed up over the top of her bra.

I released my breath exhaling loudly not realizing I had been holding it. Donna just kept flashing deep dimples as I stared into her twinkling eyes. Donna chose to dare April. She dared the mousy woman to strip down to her undies. 

That was how I knew they hadn't planned on wasting anytime getting us naked. April shocked me. She took another big gulp of wine then stripped down to gray bra and matching panties with black lace around them. Her body was amazing! She was hiding atleast a 36c breast, flat tummy and muscular thighs. She said she was a track star and still ran a few miles daily.

April of course had no choice other than to choose Julianna for her dare. She started fidgeting I guess to get her nerves in order. She looked up wantingly daring Julianna to strip for her like Demi Moore did in the movie "Strip Tease." I found the music for her inside of my collection and knew right then it was a great dare.

"Pour some sugar on me" by Def Leopard plays as Julianna stands up and I dim the lights. April sits in a chair as we remain on the floor. Julianna starts in the room then comes out sexy with white boots and black blazer matching her outfit. She slowly walks toward Donna and I first dropping down in front of us to the music. Very sexily pushing off her skirt. Dragging her ass up against Donna's large breasts teasingly shaking it in front of her face. 

She walks off to the side turning facing towards us unbuttoning the blazer slowly. Then drops down low flinging it around as she twirls to the music. She throws the blazer at April then rolls her hips rubbing her body with her palms. She unbuttons her shirt in front of me then shimmies her breasts in my face as I kiss and lick the tops. I unfastened her bra. She leaves her shirt with me then moves on to April. 

She does a handstand between April's legs with her mouth now level with April's crotch. More important April's mouth was now slightly above Julianna's crotch as she held her legs wide open for all to see. She asked April to remove her underwear which April did happily. Julianna was now rubbing her breast up April's body until she sat on her lap slowly rubbing her wet pussy on the young girls thigh and her breasts in her face. Not only did April say it was the best five minutes or dare game in her life but I had to admit it was in mine also. Julianna was a very talented stripper. 

We all needed air and drinks after that so we grabbed another bottle of wine and went out on the balcony. I was the only one who was still fully dressed and Donna was close second with all on but a shirt. April had on her underwear and Julianna was fully naked. Of course Julianna was still upset I didn't comply with my last dare so she chose me. 

This time she very specifically dared me to let her remove all articles of clothing from my person that I was wearing at the time. Damn me for asking for specifics. I agreed and she stripped me off stopping to lick my wet slit then reluctantly coming up. No one knew we were sisters but us so we figured we were cool. 

My turn I wanted to shake up April and I figured she was still hot from Julianna's strip tease so I dared her to let me finger her to an orgasm. She seemed nervous at first. I was beginning to apologize for pushing when she agreed. I went to the ground before her on my knees. Then thank goodness Donna had the foresight to throw me a pillow. 

I kneeled on the pillow slowly peeling off April's panties. They were soaked through and she was embarrassed but I assured her we were all soaked by then. I kissed her lips softly while my palm rubbed on her puffy labia. I used my thumb to press her clit while deepening our kiss adding more passion. April put her fingers in my hair and I remembered my pieces. 

She started to kiss me so fiercely as she became so close to having an orgasm I soon forgot everything else and lost myself inside of April. I slid a finger into her well lubricated pussy. I didn't give her much at first just enough to feel it. Then my lips left hers and I kissed her neck making a path over to her earlobe. I tugged gently with my teeth as I suckled the lobe the used just the tip of my tongue to trace the grid as I thrust more of my finger inside April's tight hole. 

After feeling what felt like her barrier I whispered so only she could hear. "April, babe, are you a V?" She just nodded yes in response. I explained I had become dangerously close to breaking her barrier and taking her virginity. 

She whispered to me in breathy voice, "Elle, please take it. I want you to. No. (She shook her head frantically) I need you to." 

I replied, "Okay baby. If you're sure that's what you want." 

I kissed April's sweaty forehead then pulled out my fingers. Her eyes flew open as if to ask me why. I smiled sweetly and what i hoped was reassuring. I added my pointer finger to my middle finger thrusting as hard and deep as I could inside of her. When her barrier broke, I used my thumb to rub her clit hard. All in all it became too much for the young woman and her orgasm took her.

Her hips bucked on my fingers then clamped down hard like a vice grip. I kissed her with as much passion as I could. I wanted to tell April all in that moment but I remembered Alannah and all we had. April was right it was Elle the stranger passing through town whom she chose to give her virginity. 

I got up returning to my seat and April surprised me yet again by sitting in my lap wrapping my arm around her. She was mine for the night. I sipped my last drink then stood forcing her to her feet. We bid Donna and Boops a goodnight. Then I led April to my bed. 

I kissed her deeply as I unfastened her bra. I couldn't wait to taste her breast any longer and as my head bent down to take one in my mouth I noticed her fat pink nipples. I rolled my lips across them thrusting my tongue in pulses against the middle. It became harder yet still soft on my tongue. 

I never felt or saw nipples like hers. I was infatuated with them. They became to sensitive or she just in to great of need either way she guided my head downwards. I kissed the dip under her ribs where her stomach caved in tickling her belly button with my tongue making her laugh until she pushed me down further. 

I held on to her hips as I kissed the front of her thighs ignoring how she kept widening them. Finally I decided to show her mercy. I placed her feet on my shoulders pushed them until her knees went back and her ass lifted off the mattress. I inhaled deeply the wonderful scent of April then dived down deep to her ass cheeks. I kissed licked then bit a cheek while rubbing her clit. 

I didn't know how long she could hold the position but I wanted to taste her all over. Gripping her ass in my palms hoping that would help I sucked her ass cheeks flicking my tongue against the bottom of her hanging pussy lips. I then wiggled my tongue back and forth slowly up the slit of her inner lining. Next I thrust my tongue as deep and hard as I could into her slippery wet pussy as her hips gyrated and slammed into my jawbone. I licked up her walls as her muscles tightened on my tongue. 

I removed my tongue dragging up to her clit as my fingers found her anterior fornix zone. I swirled my tongue around her clit as my fingers went to war on her spot. All defenses became shot to hell and she leaked so much she thought she pissed on me. I assured her by letting her taste that it was not urine. 

She said she doubted she'd ever feel anything like that again. I told her give me a few minutes and smiled. She returned my smile and kissed me deeply before going to sleep. We slept awhile then went at it again during the early morning. 

April and Donna had breakfast with us that morning. We each shared a bond but knew it wouldn't go any further than that day. Julianna appeared to have had lots of fun and I placed a few pictures from our night into a scrap book I was making for our journey. April had showed me a few things about an internet and I was now able to communicate with her and Donna via email. I took a nap with Julianna since neither of us really slept and then we checked out heading to Alabama.