 All participants are over 18. This is the last installment under "Wylder Sisters". The next chapters will be "4-6 weeks". I hope you enjoy and as always I thank you for your comments. 

*

The next day after Alannah and I made love was a Sunday. To my surprise I was woken up mid morning alone as I heard pounding on our door. I hurried out of bed slipping my night shirt over my head aware of dried juices on my face. As I opened the door thinking it would be Alannah having lost her key, to my surprise it was my sister Julianna looking at me unsure and nervous.

After capturing my bearings I flung my arms around her hugging tightly then let go smiling happily. Jullianna then seemed relieved as she also smiled. I invited her inside then went about straightening my room. Remembering I was naked and reeked of sex, I excused myself to take a quick shower. Coming back 20 minutes later freshly showered and dressed now smelling like melon and mouthwash I asked Julianna if she had eaten.

Alannah chose that moment to enter our room. She had a blank expression I couldn't read so I just introduced her to Julianna and asked if she'd like to go to breakfast with us. Alannah declined saying she was tired from having a late night and early morning but hoped we could "catch up" later. Secret code for we have to talk I guess. With that I left with Julianna slightly behind me trying to keep up.

I stopped outside and waited for Julianna to join me. Once she did I then took her hand swinging it like we did as kids. I was extremely happy to have my sister back. We walked the short distance to the diner talking. I learned Julianna and her boyfriend moved to California where she actually appeared in guest roles for a few television shows. She seemed very happy and enthusiastic discussing her career choices. Once inside we found a Booth choosing to sit along side each other.

Julianna finally got around to asking me about Alannah. I decided after all we had been through together that I would tell Juliannah everything that happened between me and Alannah. She listened quietly with hand on my thigh and her thumb rubbing circles on my inner thigh. Getting to the part in the story where just last night Alannah and I made love Julianna talked me into going back to the dorm and talking to Alannah. I paid for breakfast then got a breakfast for Alannah to go.

After we entered the dorm room I saw Alannah sitting in our small sitting room. I gave her the breakfast container noticing she neither looked up or said thank you like she usually does. I chose to ignore it since my sister was there. I sat down instead and asked Julianna what brought her to our city.

She gave me a look as if her core had been hardened. She simply said emotionlessly, "Mom passed away."

I too was unable to show any emotion or compassion for the woman who'd given us life. "Made any arrangements? ", I asked.

"You are eldest Hannah. That should be up to you." Julianna responded.

I thought of Savannah and the day I last saw Mom. The horrific things our father put Savannah through. Not for mother but it was for Savannah that I wept. Julianna and Alannah managed to get me in bed for a nap. Unfortunately when Alannah didn't join me I was left feeling all alone. I thought of that first morning Savannah allowed me to openly watch her dress. That brought me to Juliannah and how much she now resembled Savannah. After thinking of the new calm and collected Julianna, versus the teenage free spirit that she was, I finally was able to sleep.

Waking up to running water I opened my eyes to blinking alarm clock saying 8 am. I don't know how I managed to sleep so many hours. Alannah came out of the bathroom with a robe wrapped around her and a towel piled on top of her wet tresses. She sat on the end of the bed and took my hand inside of hers squeezing gently. I braced myself for what I knew was to come.

She spoke softly, "Hannah, I know this isn't a great time for this but I have to be honest. There is no other way. I woke up after we made love feeling wonderful. But something inside of me kept telling me this is wrong. I got up and went to church, and prayed then spoke with my minister. I'm sorry honey but I can't forsake my religion, my family or my God no matter how great this might feel. I'm sorry Hannah but I'm moving out. I am going to marry Alton."

Out of all the tragedies life has thrown my way the one controlled constant has been my schooling. I could always count on the fact that whatever hard work I put into my studies I could always expect a positive outcome. That's why when my life was down I'd turn to studying with hopes of becoming the best medical doctor in the state. I finished my schooling and started my new life working at a prestigious hospital. At the age of 36 I became Dean of Medicine put in charge of the entire hospital. Alot of times I still thought "What would Savannah the Solomon do?"

Julianna called and said she would be town a few days. She asked if I wanted to go out. She knew of a club someone recommended to her so I told her I'd pick her up at her hotel in a couple hours. My sister had finally made it big in Hollywood and was working on a hit television sitcom that was very popular at the moment. I showered and dressed in my low ride black skinny jeans, red blouse with yolk collar and my black short leather jacket and black lace thigh high boots. I decided to take my motorcycle. The air was crisp and I enjoyed it whipping my hair behind me. I pulled up at Julianna's hotel and went up to her room.

Julianna was looking sexy as ever. She reminded me of Jessica Alba when she played in the movie "Honey". I hardly recognized her with her hair in a vintage vibe ponytail, black leather mini skirt that was dangerously short, a green silk blouse that matched her eyes perfectly and 6" stilettos. I told her I brought my bike. Julianna suggested we take her limo so we both could drink. She put on her make up with a dark misty look bringing out her eyes. We walked out of the hotel to her awaiting limousine. 

We arrived at "Club Grotto" and it was very impressive. It appeared to be a cave but once you entered it was very luxurious. The floors had diamonds inside the marble. There were private cabanas by the large lagoon pool. What Julianna loved was the dance floor. It lit up with your every step. Even the bar furniture was lit up with LED lights. Julianna sensed my nervousness and dragged me out onto the dance floor. Julianna stayed with me all night buying me drinks and dancing. It was the most fun I'd ever had! We both were pretty drunk by 12am so we got back to the hotel.

We came inside clutching each other. We walked into the kitchen and drunk bottled water as we discussed our night. Julianna invited me to stay in the guest room of her suite. I was so tired I welcomed the invitation and went to shower.

After my shower I laid in the bed nude not having any pajamas and not wanting to disturb Julianna. I heard her creep inside my room and slip under the cover as I held my breath. Julianna gasped as she felt my skin noticing I was completely naked. She gave a nervous laugh which was contagious and I began laughing also. That broke the ice.

We talked about Savannah and how beautiful she was. Then she grew quiet and chewed on her lower lip, "I saw you with Savannah. One morning I walked by her room and I saw her hand you a bottle of lotion. It was so sweet, yet sensual. I watched every morning after that. I always wondered why neither of you included me. You both were so close.

"Then when we left home and became college roommates I thought, this is my shot. Here is my chance. Then Savannah was hurt and died after. It was like part of you died with her. I'm sorry I left you. I was jealous and confused of my feelings for you. I was missing Savannah also, my beautiful caring sister. I'm glad to be back now. How are things with your girlfriend?"

I looked at her then, "We aren't together. She moved out a few days ago. She said she couldn't be in a relationship with me it was awkward but the feelings just weren't there." 

Julianna wrapped her arms around me. "I'm so sorry babe. I thought you really found you a winner. Don't give up sweetheart" 

"Julianna" I said. "I don't want anyone right now besides you! Now we can be close like you've always wanted." 

Julianna smiled but I saw something inside her eyes. She started to let her fingers explore my body. She pressed her breasts to my back then kissed my neck around to my earlobe. Next she reached around and rubbed my breasts pinching and pulling my nipples. Then she reached her hand down to my wet kitty and slowly pulled my legs apart so she could rub my slit. I couldn't hold in a moan but she didn't care. She inserted a finger into me I turned slightly parting my legs more. She inserted another finger fucking me harder and faster while her lips found my breasts. I was in so much heat I felt like I was on fire. Julianna roles me to my back not wasting time as she suckled my juice immediately before tackling my clit. I screamed she had to hold me down to the bed as I bucked and swung my hips. She kissed my kitty thru my orgasm then came up and kissed me deeply.

I tasted my juices on her lips as our tongues danced and our bodies crashed together. I wanted her so badly I started kissing her from head to toe. I looked up when I reached her toned stomach and saw her mouth form their famous "O" shape! I called out "Boops" she smiled and called me "Boy" Savannah's nickname for me during our special times together. I stared into her eyes then just as my mouth made contact with her outer lips. 

I plucked them with my lips then spread them wide admiring Julianna's beautiful flower. My tongue twirled around the whole just below the clit but right above her pussy. Then I licked up and down her slit before thrusting my tongue deep into her walls. I lifted her hips with my palm pushing my tongue as far as it would go. She wanted more and called out for more begging me to bring her release. 

I used two of my fingers to replace my tongue as I licked and swallowed her clit into my mouth. I located her spot and thought my fingers would break as her tight pussy clamped down on them. I didn't get discouraged. I only focused harder on giving Julianna as much pleasure as she could take. I felt her relax then start to go in convulsions as waves of orgasms rushed her. She whispered an I love you then was suddenly out. 

I thought I'd injured her so I checked to see if she was breathing. She became slightly coherent and said she was okay just needed sleep. I pulled the covers over us and cradled her in my arms. I rubbed her scalp with my fingertips until I also fell asleep.

The next morning I woke up to the smell of apple muffins, apple Bacon, and fried apples. My favorite breakfast, I couldn't believe Julianna remembered! I jumped out of bed and ran down the hall to the kitchen forgetting I was naked. I stopped at the entrance to the kitchen just watching Julianna as she cooked.

Julianna was just taking the muffins out the stove and had turned to place them on the table when she noticed her naked sister standing at the kitchen's entrance. She dropped the muffin pan and stood with her mouth open in total shock. That's when I remembered I wasn't dressed and looked down. I apologized and offered an explanation by way of me being so excited I forgot I wasn't dressed. I quickly went back to the room to get dressed but got a tingling feeling as I felt Julianna watching me as I walked away.

After I dressed and came back to the kitchen, Julianna informed me that she had a few errands to run and she would like me to stay at the hotel with her throughout her stay. I told her how great I thought her idea was and that I'd return after gathering a few of my things. We sat and talked while eating then we each headed to our rooms to shower and get dressed. After we dressed we each left the hotel to start our day.

10 a.m. Julianna entered Dr. Smith's office. She was sitting inside the chair across from his desk. Julianna began to reflect thinking about what would the logical and rational Savannah do. She had received news that her chemotherapy wasn't taking and her cancer was spreading unbelievably fast. Julianna was told she only had 4-6 weeks to live. Her first thought was of the fair levelheaded Savannah and what would she do. Her second thought was of Hannah and how she'd be losing another sister.

After settling down Julianna hailed a cab since she couldn't bring herself to walk let alone drive. After taking a cab ride up town, Julianna came to a beautiful suburban house painted charcoal blue with white molding. The house even had a white picket fence and a doghouse. Julianna carefully went up to the door and gave it a firm knock. Alannah opened her door with a look of pure shock Julianna just waved it off then asked if she could come inside and talk. Alannah showed her inside then offered her a seat.

After sitting down on the sofa, and exchanging pleasantries, Julianna asked Alannah what happened between her and Hannah. Alannah explained about her religion and confusion and told her of her relationship with Alton. They ended up marrying after she moved out of the dorms. She explained how Alton met his demise by the hands of a drug addict in a mugging. 

She also told Julianna she never got over her feelings for Hannah. Julianna offered her condolences for Alton but was very happy to hear that Alannah had feelings for Hannah still. Julianna invited Alannah over for dinner. After talking about the past Julianna left and returned to the hotel.

I returned shortly after her and walked into the sitting area finding Julianna asleep on the sofa. I wrapped her blanket around her and kissed the perspiration from her forehead. I couldn't get over how beautiful she looked. I combed my fingers lightly thru her chestnut hair watching light catch the lustrous amber highlights. Julianna also had green eyes but where as mine were dark hers were so light they almost seemed clear.

Her puffy pink lips always shined like gloss was painted on. Her features had chiselled over age and just enhanced her beauty. I was very proud of my sister and all she had accomplished in life. I decided I would do something special to show her how proud I was. I went to the suites library and took out my laptop. I looked up the person in charge the award shows and proceeded to get my sister nominated for a life time achievement award.

A few hours later Julianna entered the library. The president of the commitee had returned my call. I smoothly changed my one sided conversation hoping that the person on the other end could still understand. I also shut down the laptop without drawing suspension as I smiled at Julianna acknowledging her presence. She quietly mouthed dinner would be ready soon and I realised I was hungry since I'd only had breakfast. After I finished my calls I joined Julianna inside the kitchen.

I asked Julianna, "Do you need any help, lil sister?" 

Julianna looked up with a raised eyebrow, "Do you even know how to cook babe?" 

With a laugh and a smirk I replied, "I have some skills! Just tell me what you want." 

Julianna handed me a few potatoes to peel and slice into thin circles. Once that was done I seasoned them and put them in a roaster layered like lasagna with cheese sauce and bacon bits. I sat the roaster in the oven. I admired how graciously Julianna handled the roasted duck as I finished off making a chef's salad. Then I heard the doorbell ring.

I opened the door to Alannah looking stunning as the first day we met. Those electric blue eyes, long wavy ebony hair and bright red lips. I licked my lips that now seemed dry as my throat leaving me speechless and gawking. "Some things never change!" She smiled giving me light kiss on the cheek as she entered.

"You were always great for my ego." 

Finally able to find words. "I'm sorry. You just caught me off guard. I wasn't expecting you." 

"No need to apologize. I always loved the way you looked at me." Her smile brightened. "Julianna invited me over for dinner. It sure smells delicious." 

"It should be done shortly. May I offer you a drink while we wait?" I asked. 

"Yes, water please. I guess I'm more nervous than I thought."

"Okay one water coming up. You sure don't seem nervous at all!" I called out walking to the kitchen.

I marched into the kitchen and Julianna kept her back to me as she asked if that was Alannah at the door. I confirmed asking her why and how she invited her. She explained how she felt we needed closure and how she looked her up in the white pages. I told her I guess she was right and thanked her for being so thoughtful as I kissed her neck. 

I had to admit it was great seeing Alannah. I grabbed us both a bottled water from the refridgerator then Alannah and I set the dinner table. We sat down catching up on lost times. It reminded me of why we became friends so long ago. This beautiful woman was also witty and humorous.

Julianna finished with dinner and we all switched over to wine. We conversed like old friends who never lost touched. Julianna and Alannah became very comfortable with each other over our meal. 

It was now late so Julianna invited Alannah to stay the night. When she agreed I got the idea to put a bunch of pillows from every sofa in the suite onto the floor piled with blankets. Alannah and I cleaned up the kitchen together then while the girls got ready for bed I fixed our pillow bed on the floor. Then I popped popcorn before leaving to get ready for bed myself. Julianna and Alannah picked out a movie for us to watch.

I walked inside of the room after changing and stopped short as I watched Alannah holding Julianna in her arms. I laid quietly next to them as Alannah stroked Julianna's hair. They were watching "Boys on the side" one of me and Julianna's favorite movies. Alannah turned her head towards me and smiled.

I wasn't able to concentrate on the movie as I watched the beautiful women next to me. I had at one point in my life made love to both. As I lay there staring at the screen but not seeing what was on there I realised I was in love with both women. Those relations still had a major impact on my life today.

Julianna slowly fell to the side until her head rested on my shoulder. Alannah rested her head on two pillows but still stroked Julianna's hair. I kissed Julianna's forehead as she drifted off to sleep. Alannah reached for my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. I raised her fingers to my lips and kissed them softly. I noticed Alannah shiver. 

I offered her cover but she shook her head blushing. I remembered how easily and beautiful she looked blushing. The two sexiest women in my world. I studied the wonderful contrasts not only in looks but also in personalities. I drifted off holding Julianna and with my fingers intertwined with Alannah's.