 All characters are 18 yrs or older. This chapter is a continuation to "Wylder Sisters". Chapter 2 of Wylder sisters has lesbian romance and Hannah's first time. Hope that you enjoy. 

*****

Savannah ended up getting a virus or a disease from her ordeal with daddy and passed away shortly after our arrival back to college.

Julianna soon used her manipulating ways and six months after our encounter she was packed up leaving with a fellow who came from a prestigious family with hopes of returning soon. But soon never came. 

I missed Julianna and Savannah dearly. I became disdant and reclusive. Buckling down and only concentrating on my studies as the year went by. At 20yrs old my grades were good enough to be accepted into medical school. I was ecstatic to get away from my home town. I hadn't accumulated much so after picking up four boxes, one filled with childhood memorabilia, I drove off to the medical university campus never looking back. 

After arriving at the University and getting settled in my roommate arrived. Her name was Alannah. I was amused how her name fit in with us triplets. She reminded me of how they described snow white in those nursery stories. Her hair was dark as night but had a blue hue to it matching her electric blue eyes. She was paled skin with lips full as pillows, and red as a rose. Her body was amazing.

Her ivory legs were flawless and long showing off her figure well inside of her short red skirt. It seemed like Alannah did a lot of squats judging from the definition in her calves and firm butt cheeks. Her tight white business shirt tied in a knot in the front showed off her tone stomach and the heart in the center made by a few buttons being undone drew my attention to her rather large breasts. She was very curvaceous even though she was a long way from being thick or even plump.

I n I realised I had been gawking at Alannah way longer than I should. She just took it naturally and continued on talking as if it was common for women to stare at her that way. I guess with those looks she was used to the attention. 

I was pretty shy and awkward at times. Alannah and I became fast friends. We pretty much had the same classes being fellow classmen. I pretty much stuck to myself after years of being carefree and wild back at home. It was hard for me to socialize and make friends. 

Alannah noticed how tense I became around boys. She asked me about it and I simply replied I haven't interacted with any since I was competing in sports against them. Alannah on the other hand, with all of her curves and social skills, never had a boyfriend either. She did however have an occasional date, which upon asking, I learned she was very religious and saving herself for marriage. She just assumed since she wasn't putting out it solidified her not getting asked on a second date. We ended spending alot of time together. 

Three months after enrolling into school I was approached by Blake Jerrod. A suave Chuck Bass for those of you who were into gossip girl. A 6ft tall pretty boy with a nice build since he also was captain of the boys swim team. He had wavy black hair and washboard abs. He wasn't overly muscular but his muscles were well defined. He usually watched me during swim meets making me unbelievably uncomfortable. 

He grabbed me by the elbow one day after I'd showered and left the locker room. He steered me to a quiet spot outside, away from the swim arena. He proceeded to tell me that I was the prettiest girl he had seen in a long time. By now my green eyes were blazing and my long thick brown hair I kept in a high ponytail was shaking back and forth as I tried to break loose. I'm on the slim side of the scale and fairly athletic due to swimming and running track. Unable to break free of his grasp I met Blake's groin with my knee pretty good and enough of my classmates witnessed the encounter. No other boy approached me for awhile. 

That is until I met David O'Connell. He had red hair and light brown eyes. He was always smiling but had an expression on his face like a boy who had a secret that he would never tell a soul. He was of normal height with rugged looks. He always flashed me a devious smile like he just might let me in on the secret. I hung out with David alot but I wasn't developing any feelings for him beyond friendship. I wasn't overly attracted to him, although I did find him to be handsome in a cowboy robust kind of way. David asked me out on an actual date in the spring. Alannah was dating a classmate of ours by the name of Alton Tucker so she begged me to double.

The boys took us to see a sequel to a movie. It was an awesome movie although I doubt if Alannah noticed since her and Alton made out the entire movie. I found myself watching them wondering what it would be like to be Alton kissing Alannah's luscious red lips. Then wandering why I always had these cravings for her. The guys took us home and after giving them their goodnight kisses we went to our dorm room and performed our pre-bedtime rituals. 

Usually after one of Alannah's dates she would crawl into bed with me her back to my front while I massaged her scalp with my fingertips like I used to do Julianna. Tonight after we'd showered and got ready for bed she returned to our room first and was lying inside my bed waiting for me. After I put my things away I turned off my table lamp and joined her. We were face to face staring inside each others eyes for awhile before she spoke.

She asked if my part of the date went well. I told her I enjoyed myself. She asked why David and I weren't making out. I told her I was caught up in the movie, shifting under her gaze no longer able to look into her eyes, for some reason I rolled over onto my back. She reached out rubbing just below my pert size c-cup breast making small circles through the fabric of my night shirt. She then told me she had seen me staring again while she was making out with Alton. She asked if I was attracted to Alton.

Alton who could've been a long lost brother of mine with his thick brown hair green eyes and scrawny build. I did turn to face her then but she didn't stop touching me as I stared into her eyes letting her know I would never look at Alton as anything other than a brother. Alannah persisted as her fingers rose higher to my breast, and my breath caught inside my throat, as she asked who was I looking at then with such a lustful desire. A million things ran through my mind at that given moment but when I was finally able to catch my breath I whispered "you" in a barely audible voice. 

Alannah whispered into my ear "Hannah, do you know why I chose Alton?" I shook my head no unable to speak. She continued, "for the same reason you just said you'd never want him. He resembles you!" She then grabbed the back of my head kissing me hard with passion until we both needed to catch our breath. She then spoke softly after. "With a few exceptions of course. Your beautiful emerald green eyes sparkle. Your thick long wavy brown hair is soft and silky. Your both tall and slim, but where he is scrawny and sinewy; you are soft, athletic and tone. Your breasts are the perfect size. Not too small just big enough to remain firm and perky. She gave them a squeeze making me moan. Then she continued talking. But what really gets to me is that look you've been giving me since we first met. It's like your hypnotizing me and I can't fight it. I been trying to fight it Hannah but I can't anymore. Just keep looking at me that way okay."

I felt her fingers go under my shirt as we kissed and I started to mimic her movements. She started to unbutton my shirt and tug it off my shoulders. She removed her night shirt and joined me naked on the bed facing me. We began caressing each other admiring the body in front of us. Alannah's full breast were extremely firm. I lifted under her left breast and just started kissing. 

When I got to her nipples I rubbed one with my thumb and it became very erect. It was thick and long pale pink. It felt good against every flick of my tongue as I scraped it back and forth then suckled on it. Alyssa started to moan and gripped my buttocks squeezing and spreading my cheeks while I made love to her breast. She bit down on my shoulder as she orgasmed cumming hard.

I put my palm underneath her then licked my hand. The taste was pretty much indescribable. Like a hint of cherry juice. Not overly sweet but not tart either barely had a taste. I needed to go to the source. I rolled her onto her back kissing down her stomach and using my tongue teasing her navel as I slid off her soaked panties. Then I ran my tongue through the patch of neatly trimmed jet black hair going down to her puffy lips.

I spread her legs wide just taking in the sight of her. I blew my cool air over the hood of her clit. Then I spread her lips wide burying my tongue deep into her folds noticing more of the sweet cherry taste. I continued to explore her hot dripping cunt, when I found a rough patch towards the roof of her walls. Alannah closed her eyes screaming into my pillow as she burried her face inside. Bucking her hips she rubbed my face into her entire pussy, while I concentrated on that individual spot.

After Alannah caught her breath, and finally released me, I crawled up her body with her juices on my face. She stroked my face looking inside my eyes lovingly as I drifted off to sleep. For the first time I felt like my life was filled with possibilities.