 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes I need an editor and no, I do not want an editor. If that bothers you, then quit reading. Yes, there's too many people to keep track of, yes it jumps around too much, yes it's too long, yes it's too short, yes it's in the wrong category, yes this is stupid shit and yes I suck.

For everyone else, I hope you enjoy this flash story.

*.*.*.*.*.*

Chris Fontenot, owner of Fontenot's Equipment & Services had just married and he and his fourth wife were going on their honeymoon, going to the Bahamas for two weeks of fun and sun.

The fifty nine year old man and his twenty one year old bride were leaving Chris's youngest, eighteen year old Laci Fontenot at home by herself, with only the housekeeper to watch over her.

"Eeww!" Laci said as she thought of her creepy old father running his gnarled, calloused hands over the body of Yolanda Rodriguez.

It was obvious to anyone that the only reason the twenty one year old Latin beauty had married the scrawny, pot-bellied balding man was for his money. Yolanda might claim she loved Chris all she wanted, but no one believed her.

"Yeah, right, like if he didn't have nine million, you'd still love him, right?" Laci thought.

"Mrs. Alvarez," Laci called out. 

"Yes, Mees Fontenot?" the small Latin woman asked, smiling.

"Remember, I'm bringing Paula home tonight; she's spending the night," Laci reminded the woman.

"Yes, is on my calendar," the woman agreed.

Laci took the lunch bag the woman held out, then skipped to her 2015 Corvette. She drove to Cabrini High School, then parked in the students' parking lot.

Paula Don, really Don It Sim, a North Korean refugee smiled and waved as the pretty blonde approached.

"I have my pajamas," the short, plump Asia girl announced.

When her mother grabbed her daughter and fled their homeland, both mother and daughter had been very skinny, near starvation. They managed to make their way to South Korea, then to the American Embassy.

There, Captain John Voisoin, a native of Baylor Lake, Louisiana, arranged to have the mother and daughter sent to his father's home.

Don Pho Soo took care of Captain Voisoin's aging father. In exchange, her daughter attended Cabrini High School, the Catholic high school in DeGarde, Louisiana.

Sam Voisoin had a sweet tooth, part of the reason he was diabetic, part of the reason he'd already lost one leg and was on dialysis three times a week. But he shared his candy bars and Little Debbie snack cakes and sugary soft drinks with mother and daughter.

Now, at four foot eleven, Don It Sim, Paula, weighed one hundred and sixty pounds. Her mother was four foot seven and weighed one hundred and seventy three pounds.

"They're not chinks; they're chunks," Chris had whispered to his daughter the first time he met Paula and her mother.

"Dad!" Laci huffed, embarrassed.

The school day dragged on, but finally, the last class was over, and Laci and Paula ran to Laci's car.

"And my dad's not home; they flew out last night," Laci enthused.

Mrs. Alvarez greeted the two eighteen year old girls, pointed to the warm brownies and the two glasses of soy milk and then requested their school uniforms as soon as they could get them to her.

"Thank you, Mees Alvarez," Paula said.

"Yeah, thanks," Laci agreed.

They wolfed down the still warm treats, then ran up the stairs to Laci's bedroom.

Laci stripped out of her blouse, then, with a grateful sigh, unclipped her bra. Her 32C breasts, with light pink areolae bobbled freely as she unzipped her skirt and shoved both skirt and plain white panties down and off.

Her shoes were kicked off, unlaced, toward her closet, then the white socks joined the pile of clothes.

Nude, she padded to her dresser, pulled out a loose tee shirt and a pair of shorts. Her flip flops were already shoved half under the dresser, waiting for her.

Paula shrugged out of her own blouse and size 38B bra. Her golden skin jiggled and shook as she struggled to get out of skirt and panties, then shoes and socks.

Out of her school bag, she pulled a pair of nylon shorts, and a half shirt. She found her flip flops and slipped her feet into them.

Then, with clothes in their arms, the girls thundered down the steps again.

Miss Alvarez nodded thanks, then sorted their clothing.

"Supper be ready at seven, okay?" the woman said.

The girls agreed and again ran up the stairs.

After they ate dinner, after Miss Alvarez had retired to her room to read her Bible, Laci pulled Paula into her father's man cave.

"Never believe what I found the other day," Laci giggled as she pulled open the drawer of her father's entertainment center.

"What is that?" Paula asked.

"A VCR!" Laci hooted. "I haven't seen one of these in years!"

"I've never seen one; what's it do?" Paula said.

"Before dvds, people used to watch movies on tapes," Laci explained.

She switched on the large television, adjusted the volume so that it wouldn't disturb Mrs. Alvarez, then slipped an unlabeled tape into the machine. Paula watched with fascination as the machine seemed to 'swallow' the tape.

"Shaved Asian Sluts" popped up on the screen. The screen swerved, skipped, jumped, then began playing.

"I too hairy, I shave my pussy," an Asian girl announced.

"OMG!" Laci nearly screeched as they watched the Asian woman apply shaving cream to her sparse pubic hair and begin shaving.

They watched, in almost morbid fascination as Asian girl after Asian girl displayed hairless vulvas, or shaved their pubic mounds for the camera.

After twenty minutes, after a scene with a petite Asian woman taking one fist in her hairless pussy, a second fist in her tiny ass, Laci rewound the tape, then ejected it.

Blushing hotly, she put another unlabeled tape in and again they sat back to watch.

This tape was in slightly better condition than the previous tape, there were few pixelated or stretched scenes.

"God, Linda, why can't I find a good fuck?" a busty 'teen' asked.

"Probably looking in the wrong place, Britney," Linda suggested.

"What do you mean?" Britney asked. "I've fucked almost everyone on the football team, the basketball team, all of our teachers..."

"I mean, maybe you should try fucking a girl," Linda suggested and the two 'teens' kissed in a very sloppy manner.

Laci and Paula looked at each other as the two porn actresses swung into a sixty nine position and sucked and licked each other's hairless pussies.

"Hey, hey, what's going on here?" another female voice called out.

"Oh, hi Tiffany," Britney said, pulling her face out of Linda's pussy.

The scene jumped to show the three actresses in a daisy chain, all moaning and licking each other.

"Uh, Laci, there something you trying tell me?" Paula teased.

"Hey, this is my dad's stuff!" Laci protested.

"Uh huh," Paula said.

"It is!" Laci cried out.

After another vignette of teen lesbian action, Laci ejected that tape and put in a tape that was labeled 'Anal Teen Cum Junkies."

The movie showed a cute 'teen' being very roughly sodomized by a very large cock. Laci relaxed slightly; at least this one wasn't lesbian action.

Then the cock pulled out and squirted an obscene amount of semen onto the girl's buttocks and splayed pussy.

"Hey, save some for me," another female voice called out.

Then the second female entered the frame, knelt down, and began licking up the semen from the first girl's buttocks and pussy.

"Okay, I think I've had enough of this," Laci decided and stood up.

They found something else to watch, a reality show that was very loosely based on reality. That show was followed by another equally implausible reality show.

Finally, at ten thirty, Mrs. Alvarez insisted that it was time for the girls to go to bed.

"Yes ma'am," Laci agreed and pulled Paula out of her comfortable recliner.

They went up the stairs and changed into their sleepwear.

"Laci?" Paula asked as she hefted the hem of her sleep shirt.

"Uh huh?" Laci asked, pulling up a pair of skimpy bikini panties.

"You think, maybe I should shave mine?" Paula asked, trying to look at her own pubic mound.

"What?" Laci asked as she pulled her camisole top down over her breasts.

"You know, like those girls, those Asian girls," Paula said, still bent over.

"No, your, your, thing is kind of pretty like it is," Laci said, then flamed bright red.

Paula looked up then smiled her pretty smile.

"But it's not pretty like yours," Paula stated. "I wish I had pretty blonde hair like you."

"You'd look kind of stupid," Laci laughed. "An Asian with blonde hair?"

"But I wish I wasn't Asian," Paula admitted.

"No, Paula! Don't say that," Laci cried out and hugged her friend.

She gave her friend an affectionate squeeze.

"No, no, you're so pretty just like you are," Laci assured her friend. "You should be proud to be Asian."

They crawled into Laci's queen sized bed. Laci used the remote control to lower the lights in the room. Now only a faint blow from the overhead light illuminated the room.

Laci turned on her wall mounted television and found yet another insipid reality television show to watch.

"So, uh, you trying tell me something?" Paula asked, hiding her smile behind her small hand.

"Huh?" Laci asked.

"Uh, with those movies?" Paula asked.

"Huh?" Laci asked.

"I mean, first one is Asians then we're watching girls kissing each other?" Paula teased.

"Paula, those were my dad's stupid movies," Laci declared.

"Uh huh," Paula said, tone of voice sounding very unconvinced.

"It is!" Laci protested.

"I'm teasing you," Paula whispered, gently touching Laci's arm.

"Well, quit," Laci grumbled.

"God, this is stupid," Paula declared as one of the show's characters couldn't figure out a simple task. "They need get rid of him."

"Uh huh," Laci agreed and did a little channel surfing.

"You still on satellite?" Paula asked.

"Uh huh; my dumb ass Dad's got it pass worded though," Laci complained.

"Give me the remote," Paula asked.

Laci did, Paula looked at the remote, then rapidly punched in a series of commands. The pass code, 3357, popped up on the screen.

"His birthday!" Laci giggled. "Uh duh!"

"Want me change it?" Paula asked and both girls squealed.

"Shh!" Laci implored. "We'll wake Mrs. Alvarez."

But even with the pass code lifted, they still found little of interest. Finally, Laci extinguished the overhead light and the two lay down to go to sleep.

"I, hey uh Laci?" Paula asked in the darkness.

"Hmm?" Laci asked, moving closer to her friend.

I uh, those movies?" Paula stammered.

"Uh huh?" Laci asked, defensive.

"I uh, I what'd you, you like them?" Paula asked.

"What?" Laci said, defensive. "God, told you! Those are my dad's, huh?"

"Oh," Paula said.

"Why? What'd you think of them?" Laci demanded.

"Nothing," Paula said.

"Uh huh," Laci said.

"I mean, they uh," Paula said, then hesitated.

"I uh, I kind of liked them," Paula blurted out.

Laci's stomach knotted. She had liked them too. She was sure her shorts had shown a wet spot and was grateful for the long tee shirt.

"You, you're not, you're not just saying that?" Laci asked.

For a long moment, the two girls lay in the pitch blackness. Laci could hear her own heart thudding in her chest.

Then Laci heard Paula shift. Then there was a small hand touching her face. Then Paula's lips were touching hers.

"I uh, I'm looking at those girls kissing and I'm thinking 'God, I just want to kiss her and tell her I love her,'" Paula whispered.

"Oh, I love you too!" Laci cried out.

She pressed her full lips to Paula's thin lips. Then Paula opened her mouth and Laci stuffed her tongue into her best friend's mouth. The two kissed, their hands gently touching each other's faces.

Then Laci trailed her hand down to the button at the top of Paula's sleep shirt. She unbuttoned the ornamental button, then kissed Paula's neck. She unbuttoned a second button and kissed Paula's chest.

When she unbuttoned the third and final button, Laci pulled the panel aside, exposing Paula's small hard breast to the cool air. Paula's small nipple was already quite crinkled in excitement. With one more kiss to Paula's gasping mouth, Laci bent and sucked her friend's hard nipple into her mouth.

"Ooh!" Paula grunted, then cupped Laci's breasts through the silky camisole top.

Paula could feel Laci's hard nipples through the slinky material of her top. She lightly pinched down and Laci shuddered.

"Harder," Laci whispered.

Then, to demonstrate, Laci bit down, quite hard on Paula's sensitive nipple. Paula shuddered, dangerously close to orgasm.

She did pinch down hard on Laci's nipple, then found Laci's other nipple and pinched down. Then Paula mashed Laci's breasts with her small hands.

"I love you, so much," Paula declared and the two girls kissed again, mouths hungrily sucking at each other.

Laci shrugged out of her top and her breasts bobbled. Paula then wiggled out of her own top. Again, Laci sucked one, then the other nipple, then bit both nipples.

"Ooh," Paula shuddered again.

When Laci's fingers came in contact with Paula's wet pussy, Paula cried out in orgasm.

"Shh!" Laci cautioned.

Then she giggled. A moment later, Paula let out a giggle of her own.

Then Laci again touched Paula's wet pussy. Her slender fingers danced over Paula's puffy pussy lips, danced over the sparse strands of black pubic hair, danced over Paula's prominent mound.

Paula reached down and cupped Laci's pussy through Laci's skimpy panties. She could feel Laci's crinkly pubic hair through the slinky material. She could feel Laci's heat through the thin layer, could also feel how wet Laci's pussy was.

"Here," Laci whispered and slithered out of her panties.

Paula wiggled down and kissed both of Laci's breasts, completely covering each mound of flesh with passionate kisses. Then she wiggled further down and kissed Laci's belly. Both girls giggled when Paula delved her tongue into Laci's navel.

"Ooh, Paula," Laci moaned when Paula blew a hot breath over Laci's overheated pussy.

Then Paula used her thumbs to pry Laci's pussy lips apart. Laci groaned a long low groan when Paula delved her tongue into her pussy.

Paula found the taste of Laci's pussy to be musky, sweet. It tasted of sweat, and soap. She lapped the juices that flowed from Laci's pussy, then sucked Laci's heavy lips into her mouth.

"Ooh!" Laci groaned again.

Then Paula sucked on Laci's clitoris.

Laci's buttocks bounced off of the bed as Laci bucked in orgasm. She gave a strangled scream as Paula lightly bit down on the hypersensitive nub.

Then Paula drove two fingers into Laci's pussy, searching for Laci's g-spot. 

"Ooh God!" Laci mumbled and shuddered through a series of aftershocks.

Then Paula and she were kissing again. Laci tasted herself on Paula's tongue and lips.

Then she rolled the chubby girl onto her back and kissed Paula's face, then neck, then small breasts.

Paula giggled when Laci playfully gnawed on her belly button. Then Laci was slithering down to Paula's sparse patch of pubic hair.

She made Paula squeal lightly when she took a few strands of Paula's hair in her teeth and tugged. Then she used her thumbs to pull Paula's inner lips apart.

Laci had heard the jokes about pussy smelling like fish. Even her father had joked about how bad a woman's pussy smelled.

Paula's pussy had a sweaty, musky smell, but it did not smell like fish.

Laci lapped up and down Paula's wet slit. Paula's pussy did not taste of fish either. Laci decided she liked the taste of Paula's pussy and lapped at her pussy some more.

"Ooh!" Paula moaned as Laci's tongue tickled her pussy.

Then Laci found Paula's small clitoris and she batted at the nub with her tongue.

"Ooh!" Paula cried out in orgasm.

Paula's orgasm literally sprayed Laci's beautiful face with her essence. Laci continued to lap earnestly at Paula's slit, getting as much of Paula's juice as she could.

Then she teased Paula's clitoris again. Again, Paula orgasmed and sprayed Laci's face.

Then the two girls lay together, kissing gently.

"I love you," Paula murmured, close to sleep.

"Love you too," Laci murmured.

In the morning, Mrs. Alvarez fed the girls breakfast, then reminded Laci that she would be grocery shopping. After grocery shopping, Mrs. Alvarez would be out until noon the following day.

"You don't burn the house down, all right?" the small woman smiled. "Paula? You clothes done; they on the table, okay?"

"Thank you Mees Alvarez," Paula said.

Mrs. Alvarez did not notice that the two girls would not look at each other. She did not notice that the two girls were much quieter than usual.

After she left, Laci got up and put her breakfast dish into the dishwasher.

"I uh, you said 'I love you,'" Laci reminded Paula, staring intently out the kitchen window into the back yard of the house.

"Yeah?" Paula asked, putting her own dish into the dishwasher.

"You uh, you mean it?" Laci asked in a quiet voice.

"You?" Paula demanded.

After a long moment, Laci nodded her head. She looked down at the counter top.

"Yeah, yes," she whispered.

"Me too," Paula sobbed out.

"Oh Paula!" Laci cried out, wrapping her girlfriend in a tight embrace.

The two friends kissed passionately, ignoring the fact that neither girl had brushed their teeth yet.

They raced back up the stairs to Laci's bedroom.

Divesting themselves of their shorts and the shirts was interrupted by several kisses. But finally, they were again naked and entwined on Laci's large, soft bed.

They bumped heads as each tried to be the first to suck on the other's breasts. With a giggle, they swung into a sixty nine position, Laci on top. Her larger breasts dangled down in Paula's face as she nuzzled on Paula's hard nipples.

Then she wiggled forward and began to suck and lick at Paula's pussy.

Paula strained her head and managed to find Laci's pussy.

"Oh, oh God," Laci agreed as Paula's tongue slithered along her pussy lips. Then Paula's thumbs parted Laci's puffy lips and Paula sought out Laci's clitoris.

Laci licked and sucked Paula to a quick, face spraying orgasm. Then, as her own orgasm welled up in her guts, Laci bent further and tongued Paula's sweaty anus.

"Ooh!" Paula encouraged.

Laci continued to tongue Paula's crinkled rosebud, then wet a finger in Paula's wet slit. Then, Laci again lapped at Paula's pussy while insinuating a finger into Paula's wet anus.

"Ooh!" both girls cried out in pleasure.

Laci's orgasm racked her slender body and she ground her pussy against Paula's face. Then, she continued to suck and lick Paula's pussy while finger fucking Paula's tight ass.

"Ooh!" both girls cried out again as both brought the other to orgasm.

Twenty minutes later, Laci roused Paula from a light slumber. They dressed and were downstairs in time to assist Mrs. Alvarez as she unloaded the groceries from the van. Then with a wave, the small woman was gone again.

"So, uh, what you want to do?" Paula asked, smiling.

*.*.*

Chris Fontenot was grateful he'd insisted on a pre-nup as Reynold Reynolds placed the thick folder in front of him. But when he looked at the photographs, he smiled.

The pre-nup stated that if they divorced before their first year anniversary, Yolanda would only receive ten thousand dollars. But, looking at the photographs of Yolanda being sodomized by her own father while sucking her own brother's cock, Chris didn't think he'd have to pay Yolanda a penny.

"Pretty sure incest is illegal in Louisiana," Chris said.

Yolanda screamed, cried, begged and threatened. But when Chris showed her the photographs, she quietly left the house.
