 Yaz knew that she needed a change; being a personal trainer was boring at least on the open road she would be free from the dumb bitches that frequented the gym; sure they wanted all the help they could get, but for what price, she wasn't willing to train them for favours and gifts any longer.

"Yaz please reconsider? The place won't be the same without you." begged Jude the gym manager.

"No I'm sorry but my mind's made up; I'm not willing to prostitute myself any longer for those rich bitches; you can find some other mug." Yaz snapped angrily.

"Oh for god's sake stop being so melodramatic; so they insisted you go on foreign holidays with them, you can hardly call that prostitution."

"You weren't there; a sniff of champagne and some of them thought they owned you and the other half just wanted you as their personal shopper; well I need a change, so I'll be leaving after my shift today." Yaz protested.

"Well I wouldn't want to keep you from your pressing new career; why not go now." Jude scoffed.

"Okay then I will!" Yaz hissed, before slamming her keys on Jude's desk.

Whilst Yaz was clearing her personal locker some of her colleagues came to say goodbye; having been at the gym since leaving the army Yaz knew most of the people that worked there, but had only made a handful of genuine friends...

"Do you have another job lined up?" Cal asked trying to hold back her tears.

"I have a few offers I'm considering." Yaz replied giving her friend a hug.

"Oh that's good then; please keep in touch?" Cal sobbed whilst hugging Yaz.

"I will; why don't you bring a few of the others down to Luigi's tonight and we can have a few drinks?" Yaz suggested.

"Yes I will; we'll meet you in there about eight o'clock."

"Okay then catch you later." Yaz said cheerily as she left the locker room for the last time.

Walking out of the building where she had been based for four years, Yaz was really glad to see the back of it; now she had to decide which offer she was going to take; climbing into her red mini convertible a 'gift' from one of her clients; Yaz started to think about her time in the army and how it had made her who she was today; Yaz was so glad she had taken the driving course because without the HGV licence she couldn't have applied for the job with Biffle Haulage, a nationwide haulage firm one of the largest in the country. Arriving back at her apartment Yaz decided to give Biffle a call to confirm that she would be taking their offer of employment; it was on a self-employed basis, but that suited Yaz as she wouldn't have to be anyone's lacky, she could work the hours that suited her; Yaz picked up the telephone and dialled the number...

****************

"Good afternoon Biffle Haulage, Sandra speaking; how can I help?"

"Hello Sandra, can I speak to Mr Logan please?"

"Who shall I say is calling?"

"Please tell him it's Miss Stergy, he is expecting my call."

"I'm putting you through now."

****************

Putting the receiver down Yaz was pleased with how the call had gone; Logan had redefined his offer guaranteeing that Yaz would have work whenever she needed it and she didn't have to start until Monday, so for the next 3 days she was a free agent. Yaz decided to have a long soak in the bath before she got ready to party at Luigi's; but first of all she poured herself a large Gin and tonic and then made her way to the bathroom. 

The apartment was on the large size, an open plan kitchen and lounge with two bedrooms, one was a double with en-suite bathroom and the other a single room which Yaz used for her gym equipment. She had always been a bit of a exercise fanatic, keeping her body toned she didn't look her twenty nine years; at five feet ten inches and size sixteen it meant that she looked trim but still very feminine, with a 38 DD bust, long flowing auburn hair (usually worn in a ponytail) and sparkling deep blue eyes, Yaz was a sight for sore eyes when she wanted some attention and her tattoos usually got her plenty...

Once she had lit her aromatherapy candles and starting her bath running Yaz went through to the bedroom, it was a large room for the size of apartment; tastefully decorated in red and black with matching soft furnishing, the four poster double bed dressed in either red or black satin sheets with tasteful canvas art decorating the walls; choosing her outfit for the evening, this was pretty simple as her wardrobe was on the conservative side, nothing to flamboyant just a small number of demure dresses and a few pairs of stilettos; she chose the fitted red knee high, backless dress (this showed her tattoo off fabulously), black hold-up seamed stockings, matching silky red balconette bra and panties with her black stiletto shoes...

Stepping in to the bath Yaz could feel the tension ebbing away her mind started wondering of what could be in her new career; maybe she would make some new friends on her over night stops 'a little blonde student needing a lift on her way back to college or maybe a sexy little waitress who was more than generous with her portions!' Who knows but for now Yaz was giving herself some overdue attention...

Relaxing in the luxurious bubbles Yaz began to soap her huge firm playful tits, slow sensual movements, erecting her nipples with the help of a teasing tug, soaping further down her body she came to her waxed vee, her bud already standing to attention; giving it a gentle rub Yaz's thoughts went back to the first time in the locker room with Cal...

****************

'Cal had only just started it was her first shift, she was a sweet young thing, a blonde haired, petite twenty year old she wasn't long out of sports college and thought she knew everything, that was until everyone had gone and it was just her and Yaz in the locker room...

"So what do you do round here for fun then?" Cal asked.

"Depends what you call fun; I usually have a shower and then head to Luigi's for a drink." answered Yaz with a cheeky smile.

"Do you mind if I join you?"

"No not at all; I'll just grab my towel." Yaz replied smiling.

"Oh; do we shower together?" Cal asked somewhat surprised.

"Only if you want to; it would be quicker and to be honest I really need a drink after today; you're not shy surely!" Yaz teased.

Yaz started to undress and the young blonde stood there and watched in awe, her eyes wide open with her mouth beginning to gape...

"Wow your body is in great shape; so toned and your dragon tattoo looks amazing," Cal remarked.

"Thanks...I try my best to look after it," Yaz said smiling as she headed for the showers...

Standing under the shower head waiting for the jets to spray the water, Yaz began rubbing the gel on her tits, her nipples pert, her bud starting to pulsate; then just as the water started to spray Cal stepped into the communal shower; Yaz couldn't help but look at her colleagues petite, fit body; small hand sized tits, waxed pussy and cute little arse; continuing to shower her own body Yaz made some suggestive gestures, including rubbing on her erect love bud whilst closing her eyes and licking her lips. Yaz could tell by the look on Cal's face that she was enjoying what she saw; Yaz continued with her sexual gestures, pushing her firm tits together, lifting them upwards and kissing her nipples...

"Well I'm almost done; what about you?" Yaz asked as she finished rinsing her hair.

"Nearly, but not quite." Cal replied.

"Okay see you in a min." Yaz said grabbing her towel.

Yaz went back to her locker and set out her clothes ready to dress...The water in the shower area had stopped and Yaz could hear a kind of whimpering; heading back to the shower area she found Cal stood against the wall, her pretty green eyes tightly shut with one hand caressing her tits and the other rubbing tenderly at her swollen clit; Yaz watched as Cal pushed herself closer to a sexual release, sensing that she was on the edge Yaz made Cal aware that she was there...

"Hmm...hmm..." 

Opening her sparkling green eyes Cal smiled...

"Oh fuck...yes...yes..." she moaned, still rubbing her bud...

With her other hand she beckoned Yaz over to where she stood; placing Yaz's hand on her tits; Yaz cupped them, sensually squeezing her pert little nipples before sucking and gently biting them, making Cal groan with sexual desire...

"Come on chick; let's go somewhere more comfortable," Yaz said wantonly.

Taking her hand Yaz took Cal to the massage room; kissing Cal tenderly on the lips Yaz guided her on to one of the massage beds, slowly kissing down her body, she softly guided two of her fingers into Cal's tight juicy pussy, gently Yaz began thrusting her fingers in and out Cal's groans getting louder...

"Don't stop...please don't stop..."

Yaz started chewing on Cal's glistening pussy lips, making Cal thrash her legs feverishly, licking her tongue over Cal's throbbing love bud sent her young friend wild with lustful desire; the sweet juice now beginning to trickle out of her tight pussy with every loving thrust; pushing Yaz's head down and holding it there Cal shrieked...

"OH MY GOD...LICK IT...LICK IT...FUCK...I'M...COMING...YES...YES" her head swishing from side to side as the force of the explosive orgasm tore through her body, the feeling of sexual euphoria tingling all her senses; a gush of sweet love juice squirting from her pussy Yaz trying desperately not to spill a drop; as the blissful feeling left her body, softly taking hold of Yaz's head Cal pulled Yaz towards her and passionately on the lips...

"Thank you; that was so immense," she smiled playfully.'

****************

Yaz continued rubbing on her bulbous bud, the blissful ecstasy building in her stomach and reaching down to her juicy wet pussy; knowing that she was close to an earth shattering orgasm, she rubbed with her thumb whilst thrusting her fingers deep inside...

"Oh fuck...yes...yes...yes..." she screamed with heavenly desire, as the emotion racked through every vein in her body...

Yaz lay in the bath in a state of euphoria; the pleasurable feeling slowly ebbing away; picking up her drink and taking a sip she placed the glass down and slid further under the luxurious bubbles; closing her eyes she once again started thinking of her adventures that are yet to come...

Waking from her little siesta the water now only lukewarm Yaz stepped out of the bath, wrapped herself in her warm bathrobe and went through to the bedroom; as she started to get ready for the night ahead she received a text message...

"Hi Yaz...I'm outside your block, can I get ready at yours...Dan's being a dickhead... hugs Cal xx"

"Hi Cal, yes of course...come on up the door is open...xx Yaz xx"

Before she started to dress Yaz made sure that Cal would be able to get into the apartment by leaving the door on the latch; whilst she was near the kitchen Yaz topped her glass up and went back to the bedroom to dress; having applied her make-up she began to put on her underwear and hold-ups, satisfied that the seams were straight, she took her dress off the hanger just as there was a knock on the door, then she heard Cal...

"Hi Yaz; where are you?"

"I'm in here Cal; come through." Yaz replied loudly from her bedroom.

Entering the bedroom Cal couldn't take her eyes off her friend; even though they had been friends for a few years Cal had rarely seen Yaz in underwear and stockings, it was either totally naked or fully dressed, but seeing her friend like this really turned her on...

"Hi chick...you okay?" Yaz asked warmly.

"I'll survive, but he'll always be a dickhead; wow this room looks amazing!" Cal smiled as her eyes scanned around the room, before sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Do you want a drink?"

"I'd love one please," Cal replied.

"Will a large gin and tonic okay?"

"Perfect...I'll just grab a shower if you don't mind."

"No help yourself...I won't be a min..."

Going through to the bathroom Cal switched on the shower before undressing; she dropped her clothes to the floor and stepped in, the bitterness of her argument with Dan gradually fading away as the steaming water caressed her body; adding a small amount of gel she began to slowly lather her tits, she pulled at her pert nipples making her clit tingle, with tiny circular movements she sensually soaped the rest of her petite body; finally reaching her pulsating bud, which was more than ready to be rubbed; Cal's thoughts all the time were of Yaz standing there in just her underwear and stockings; with two of her fingers she gently teased her clit knowing that she wasn't far from a fervent climax; slowly rubbing she could feel her pussy starting to spasm as wave upon wave of ecstasy racked her body, Cal gently slipped her fingers into her dripping lips and with her thumb she continued to rub her bud...

"Oh my god; yes...yes..." she shrieked euphorically as the orgasm exploded from within...Her sweet pussy lips clenching onto her fingers as she thrust them deeper...

"Cal your drink's here chick." Yaz said smiling knowingly.

"Okay..." Cal gasped as the ecstatic feeling slowly ebbed away.

Stepping out of the shower Cal wrapped herself in a towel and walked through to the bedroom...

"Nice shower?" Yaz asked still smiling.

"Gorgeous," Cal replied before taking a sip from her glass, then sitting on the bed.

"What do you think of this dress?" Yaz asked, holding it up for Cal to see.

"Put it on and I'll tell you," Cal replied whilst making herself comfy at the top of the bed.

Pulling the dress over her head Yaz soothed out the creases and fastened the side zip; turning around so that Cal could see the full effect...

"You look amazing," Cal said smiling wantonly and smoothing her hand over her waxed lips.

Smiling back Yaz knew that this might be her last opportunity for a while to have some fun with Cal; unzipping her dress and putting it back on the hanger Yaz stared lustfully at her friend, she walked over to the dresser and opened the top drawer, pulling out a gold bullet sized vibrator...

"Why don't you try this?" Yaz beamed as she tossed the toy on the bed.

"Okay, but only if you watch," her friend replied grabbing the toy.

"Let me get these off and I'll come and join you," Yaz told Cal as she slowly took off her stockings...

Lying next to Cal on the bed Yaz nuzzled her neck before gradually kissing her way down to Cal's tits, gently teasing her pert nipples with her teeth; making her mewl and groan with desire; taking the toy off Cal, Yaz softly rolled it over her friends rock hard clit quickly bringing her to an ecstatic climax...

"Fucking hell Yaz you're good..." Cal said with a wide blissful smile.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it; I haven't finished with you yet!" she replied as she once more opened the top drawer of her dresser; inside she had an array of fun toys, including handcuffs, whips, butt plugs, but for now she pulled out the bright pink, twelve inch, double ended silicone dildo; Cal's eyes widened as Yaz returned to the bed...

Taking off her bra and panties Yaz stood at the side of the bed, Cal kneeled in front of her and began to kiss her friends big tits before nibbling and chewing on the erect nipples; with her fingers she teased open the wetting lips on Yaz's pussy, slowly dipping two of them inside the moist snatch pot, making her friend groan ecstatically...

Lying down on the bed the two friends kissed with erotic desire; easing the toy gently into her dripping wet snatch Yaz pushed it slowly in and out, Cal sucked on the other end before straddling across Yaz gradually taking the rest of the toy into her sopping tight pussy; thrusting gently together, Cal once more reached the point of no return, she moaned and groaned blissfully as the toy thrust deeper inside her pussy; Yaz thrust as hard as she could slowly building the ecstatic sensation in her body...her veins filled with red hot desire, hearing her friends elated groans Yaz could hold it no longer and gave in to the explosive orgasm that had built inside her...

"YES...YES...YES..."she squealed, as the feeling enveloped her body...

Pulling out the toy Yaz eased one of her legs over Cal's and started to thrust her body up so that both of their juicy hot buds rubbed together; once more taking them to the point of no return...

"OH...MY...GOD...PLEASE PLEASE...DON'T FUCKIN STOP..."Cal wailed as the orgasm ripped through her body, leaving her senses heightened but her body wilting from the extent of the heavenly climax...

Cal's wails were an aphrodisiac to Yaz's ears and it wasn't long until once more the feeling of euphoria racked her being from tip to toe, her senses reeled from the enormity of explosive orgasm she had just had, her body now limp... 

As the feeling slowly faded away, their breathing slowly returning to normal as they lay in each other's arms kissing lovingly, neither of them really wanting to break the tender hold they had...

"Cal...What will you do about Dan?" Yaz asked breaking the silence.

"I've dumped him; that was the reason behind the argument earlier," she replied.

"Oh right; where will you live?"

"I suppose I will have to move back with my parents." Cal answered glumly.

"Well it's just an idea...and don't think you have to say yes, but if you want to you can move in here; it makes sense as I will be away quite a lot with my driving and you can take care of the apartment; then when I come home we can have some fun!" Yaz beamed knowingly.

"I don't know what to say."

"Say yes...it makes sense."

"Okay then...yes."

"Good; now where were we!" Yaz smiled as she began stroking Cal's waxed pussy, probing deep inside her sopping wet snatch; making her squirt her sweet love juice over her fingers...

"Good girl..." Yaz told her friend as she thrust her fingers deeper and more fervent...

"No more please," Cal begged as yet another warm torrent of sweet juice ran from her tight pussy...

Yaz gently eased out her fingers and slowly licked them; with a smile on her face she got off the bed and watched as Cal gradually came down from the euphoric sexual high...

"Come on chick time to get dressed."

"Do we have too? Can't we just play instead?" Cal replied.

"We can play later, I promise, but for now we have to go and meet the others."

While Cal was in the shower Yaz got them both another drink and rang for a taxi; returning to the bedroom she once again attempted to get dressed, however this was made more difficult with her lustful desire for Cal and all the fun the two of them could have if they were to stay at home; having showered Cal came through to the bedroom wrapped in the skimpiest of towels, as she bent over to open her overnight bag, Yaz could do nothing but stare and thought 'what the fuck am I doing getting dressed, when really all's that I want to do is have fun with Cal'; feeling Yaz's eyes staring at her Cal continued to tease her with subtle but suggestive moves...

"I know what you're doing." Yaz told Cal smiling.

"Is it working?" she beamed impishly.

"Yes...now let's go and show our faces; then head back early."

"Okay," Cal said gloomily.

****************

Reaching Luigi's the two friends looked stunning Yaz wore her outfit she had chosen earlier the red backless dress, black lace top, seamed hold-ups and her black stilettos; and Cal wore a short black, fitted halter dress with red stilettos and the skimpiest of thongs, the style of the dress complimented her short cropped blonde hair fabulously...

"Hey...Where have you two been? You both look fab by the way." Luigi asked.

"Oh Luigi...you should know that you can't rush a good thing!" Cal replied, before turning to Yaz smiling and whispering, "And bloody hell...you are good!"

"Come on I'll take you to the others..." he said chuckling.

After sitting them down at the table Luigi took the drinks order and returned to the bar; in all there was about ten of them; through the chattering the only thing that Yaz really wanted to hear was Cal wailing with euphoria...
