 When I went away to college I would still come home for the summers. During the summer after my freshman year, I had missed my HS friends so much. I remember all of the old gang having sleepovers a ton that summer. 

One time I was having two of my friends, Tina and Nat, over while my parents were going out of town for a weekend away. At the last minute, Nat couldn't make it, so it was just Tina and me. Tina is more of Nat's friend than mine, but I thought it would still be fun. 

We played a 'spa' theme and took turns taking baths in my parents' huge bathtub, used all of my mom's lotions and stuff. It was great. Tina said it was too bad we didn't have a gym or yoga studio, or that would totally make the night. Although we didn't have either, I did remember a tape that I had found in my dad's closet many years before that had yoga girls, but they were naked. I told Tina about this as a joke and she jumped all over it. I didn't know what to do. I hadn't expected her to take me seriously. 

Anyway, we talked and giggled about it some more and then I got up the courage to go rummaging around my dad's closet. It took me a while, but I finally found what I was looking for. Before it was just a blank VHS tape all by itself with some books, but now there was a box with the tape and some newer DVD's in it. Tina and I started laughing, but I just grabbed the tape and put the box back. I knew which tape it was because I used to watch it in HS when my parents weren't home. In fact, I had masturbated many times to it, and I couldn't help remembering that as I walked out of their room with the tape. 

The only problem was that back in HS we had a few VHS players, including one in my room. Now the only VHS player was in the garage. So down we went. 

The tape was funny given that everyone was naked and they tried to pretend it was no big deal. You could tell that the tape was old because of the girls' makeup. But we watched it for a few minutes and didn't say much but would giggle now and then. The camera had such lame positions. After a while, the girls on the screen started to sweat a little bit (yoga is actually hard if you haven't tried it). This caused me to get a little excited, partly because I was watching naked people, and partly because I remember giving myself many orgasms to this tape at right about the same spot. 

Tina was getting hot too, I think, and she asked me if I ever did yoga. I told her yes, many times, and she asked if I had ever done it with the tape. I told her yes again, waiting for her (and hoping she wouldn't) ask the next question. 'Yea, but have you done it naked?' I had and told her so. She got really excited and asked a bunch of questions. How does it feel? Is it silly or sexy? That sort of stuff. Finally, I just said, 'If you want to know, why don't you try it?' And here is where it got crazy-she said that she'd try it if I did too. 

Now I look back at this today and wonder if it was a come-on. I don't know, but at the time it didn't seem like such a weird deal. So a couple minutes later we were both naked and trying to follow along. Our garage is carpeted so the floor was ok. We did lay down some towels. After about 15 minutes, we were both sweating and panting. I was excited by the shininess of her body as well as the bodies on the screen. I would look at her boobs when she was facing the other way and one time saw right between her legs. When I was facing the other way, I imagined her looking at me as well. So one time, I turned my head quickly and sure enough she was looking at me. 'Hey,' I said. She said she was sorry, but that I had a really nice figure (I exercise and do yoga a lot). This got my body more excited and soon I knew I was wet between the legs. This made me nervous. However, a couple of minutes later, there was a position where I could look at Tina between the legs from behind, and sure enough, she was wet too, very wet in fact. 

The tape ended with both of us panting and sexually charged. We both sat down on our towels while the tape rewound. Tina then asked if I had watched any of the other DVDs in my dad's box. I told her no, and asked her if she thought we should. Ten minutes later we were in my room, wrapped in nothing but towels, watching a porno DVD. I would never have imagined in a million years being in a situation where I was watching a porno with another girl and basically naked. 

I won't bore you with all of the details, but it took about 45 minutes and the second DVD before anything happened. I was dripping wet (literally) and assumed she was as well. I pulled my knees up to my chest (still wearing the towel) and was able to reach around to my slit with my hand. Immediately, it slipped all around and went inside for more. I brought the wetness up to my clit and massaged it for just a second before it started making sloshing sounds. 

'It's about time,' Tina said. 'I've been doing this for 15 minutes already. I'm already working on my second orgasm. I would sure like to have another one that I won't have to try and hide.' 

'Don't hide it on my account,' I said surprised but also turned on. And Tina let her towel fall open. Her breasts were round and her nipples were very erect. She began massaging her nipple while the other hand rubbed her down below. I put pressure on my clit and thought I was going to come right then and there. I had no idea I would be so turned on in this situation. I was no longer looking at the movie, but was looking straight at Tina. She saw and looked at me too. We just both watched each other's hands and body's reactions. We both started panting and moaning. [Just so you know, I just had to come right now thinking back about it and writing all this down. Whew! Ok, back to the story.] I knew she was as wet and turned on as I was because the sloshing sounds were so loud. 

A minute later, she said something I replay many times when I'm masturbating...'Chelsea, I'm gonna come. Are you? Are you close...? Here I come, Chelsea, I'm COMING!!' Damn, that still gets me going even today.