 It wasn't until her senior year of high school that Jill first experienced an orgasm. Before that, she never understood what the other girls got so excited about. Her cousin Sandy talked incessantly about how great her boyfriend was at eating pussy and how amazing it was giving him head. Talk about a one track mind! That girl couldn't even hold a five minute conversation without reveling some gross, lurid detail that made Jill plug her ears. Sure, some boys were cute, but nothing worth being so stupid over, and she sure as hell wasn't going to sleep with any of them. Until that year, Jill figured sex was just not important to her. No biggie.

Then second semester gym class happened. Jill had already figured out that she preferred girls. Unfortunately, being openly queer wasn't really in fashion yet. At least, not in her small, backward town, and especially not with her ultra-conservative parents.

Gym class was always stressful for her. Most the other girls seemed to enjoy the chance to socialize and parade in various stages of undress. For Jill, the locker room was sheer torture. Get in and get out. She didn't dare take her eyes off the floor for risk of outing herself and becoming a social leper. At least being in the closet saved her from being teased mercilessly from the other kids. That poor boy in tenth grade got shoved and picked on constantly, no matter what the school "policy" was about bulling or tolerance.

It was in her secluded corner of the locker room when it happened. The end of another ordinary gym class, and the locker room was bustling with sweaty, half- dressed, pretty young things. A gorgeously curvy, blond-headed girl walked into Jill's area and began to fiddle with a locker. This was in and of itself, strange. Jill had deliberately staked out an area of the changing room that was devoid of other girls. Occasionally, another girl might wander in, but generally, everyone habitually used the same spots day after day. Certainly, none of the girls Jill fancied ever changed clothes so close. She had made sure to stay away from them.

This girl, Jill had noticed before, and that was not her locker. She appeared to be working up her courage, or perhaps stalling for time, fingering the combo lock in an attempt to look as if she had legitimate business there. Her friends were peeking around the corner, giggling and poking each other. It was obvious to Jill this was some sort of set-up, still, she couldn't stop watching this girl. In fact, Jill had been stealing glances all during class, at the cost of her pride. Several volleyballs bounced untouched around her durring the games. One had even bounced off her face.

She thought she was being fairly discrete, but now she was not so sure. These girls were definately up to something. As if in slow motion, the blond grabbed her shorts and pulled them down. Jill was getting mooned.

"Aw, man!" Jill closed her eyes to avoid looking. This can't be happening!

 

Shock quickly turned to fear. Fear that the desire she had spent so much energy trying to suppress would explode out of her, making it obvious to everyone what kind of freak she really was. She couldn't be caught looking at another girl's ass. Jill desperately tried to clear her mind of its hormonal haze, but to no avail. The image of that voluptuous, milky white butt was waiting for her behind closed eyelids. She threw her head back as her clit exploded in waves of pleasure. Instantly, her clothes felt incredibly confining against her sensitive skin.

 

What the hell?

A warm tingling emanated from her loins and spread throughout her body. Her entire pelvic floor felt as if it were gasping, contracting strong enough that Jill worried someone could see it through her clothes. It felt wonderful, like nothing she'd known, and seemed to continue forever.

 

So, this is an orgasm...

Maybe Sandy wasn't overstating its appeal. A smile momentarily crossed her lips before remembering where she was and who might be watching. Unfortunately, she had no time to enjoy this experience now. Jill finished dressing and fled the lockers, still pulsing.

She tried to play it off, like girls show their butts to her in every class: just another gorgeous moon. But it didn't, and it wasn't. She couldn't stop thinking of that blond girl and that soft round butt. She started looking for her in the halls. She had to find out more about her. She had to meet her.

* * * *

Jill couldn't believe her luck. Chris was standing before her, arms outstretched. Her hair was shorter now, with a few strands of gray. The years had begain to collect on her face, but it only made Chris more atractive. She looked just as beautiful as she did in high school. It seemed like lifetimes since Jill had last gazed apon this woman. Her hair... that smile... she was still every bit as gorgeous; still able to send Jill into cardiac arrhythmia.

"Well, hey there, girl!"

Jill picked her jaw off the floor and managed an awkward hug. It had been years since graduation. Jill couldn't wait to get out of town back then. Her family had ultimately rejected her for being gay, so collage became her best excuse to get the hell away. The further the better. She eventually was accepted to a university two states away in a bustling metropolis, and hadn't come back home to visit even once. That is, until now. Now it was her twenty year class reunion. Jill had come back for Chris.

* * * *

The first time Jill had actually been introduced to Chris was between classes latter that same momentous year of highschool. Since that fateful gym class, Jill had been able to learn quite a bit about her, but couldn't seem to work up the nerve to actually talk to her. On more than one occasion, Chris' friends would huddle together and giggle as Jill would pass by or be caught stairing. Chris would always offer a meek smile, but nothing more. Finally, between third and fourth period, Jill had her opportunity.

Chris was walking down the hall with two other girls, directly towards Jill. The other girls were in biology with Jill, so she approached them and started discussing an assignment. Chris, who was not taking biology, waited for them to finish, scribbling patiently in her notebook. Jill couldn't seem to take her eyes off of this young woman. She had spent so much time stalking this girl, collecting every glimpse, every shred of information. She couldn't believe this gorgeous creature was now standing in front of her, available for conversation. Jill, unfortunately, was rendered speechless. To make matters worse, this woman had been staring right back. She was utterly mesmerizing. Her lips curved slightly upward, a slow blink crossed her eyes. Jill barely noticed the end of her conversation with the other classmates, let alone the fact they had walked away. Jill was unable to move, a stupid-ass grin plastered on her face.

Chris deliberately let her eyes roam slowly over Jill, and then closed the distance between them. Their breasts touched lightly. Chris spoke softly into Jill's ear, as if retelling some juicy, school girl gossip. Her hand positioned on the back of Jill's shoulder to prevent her from backing away.

"Call me," She wrestled momentarily with Jill's hand, and then heaved a sigh, as if struggling to restrain herself. Her eyes traveled down Jill's front while she chewed her bottom lip. "I believe it's your turn to show me yours."

Time seemed to stand still. Jill's heart beat filled her ears. With a wink and a smile, Chris walked past, brushing against the stunned young woman. Jill fell against the lockers, her breath unable to come. Her arm, where they made contact, felt on fire, and the scent of Chris curled in the air. It wouldn't have taken much to knock her over. Looking down, Jill found a crumpled piece of paper Chris had shoved in her hand. She was reeling at what just happened. Had she really just been picked-up by her dream girl? She could only exhale and watch Chris continue down the hall. That day, Jill, the ever punctual student, was late to class.

* * * *

"God, woman, you haven't changed a bit!" Chris kept hold of Jill's hand and looked her over. "So, what have you been up to? Are you still such an independent woman or has some one snagged you up?"

What had she been up to? A college education, a new career in a new state.... a whole new life. Jill had run far away as fast as she could. She had everything she could've ever dreamed of. Everything, that is, except some one to share it all with. Sure, she had some lovers over the years. Jill was actually quite a good catch: reasonably attractive and financially stable at a young age. Plenty of women in the city had tried to get their hooks into her. Once, Jill even thought she'd found a suitable partner in Nancy. They managed over five years together. Both had nice careers, plenty of friends, and even a quaint little house together. It was comfortable and safe, but it wasn't enough. Jill walked away from it all.

It was fate, karma, or whatever. Just as Jill began to second guess her decision to leave Nancy, it came. A notice in the for her class reunion. Two decades since she kissed that small town, and Chris, goodbye.Tears running down her cheeks, she got the hell out of there, and hadn't been back. She hadn't even thought about it, until now. Now, the old pain flared in her gut again.

* * * *

Since meeting in the halls, Jill and Chris had become inseparable. Jill thanked God every day that she had gathered enough courage to actually make that first call. She had been scared shitless, and hung-up countless times before letting the call finally go through. Hours of practice did nothing to prevent her throat from drying-up when Chris finally answered the phone. Chris, however, had the patience and dedication needed to draw Jill out of her shell.

"Are you asking me on a date?" Chris teased.

"Well, uh- I mean, uh..." For a moment, Jill thought she had missread the entire situation.

"I'd love to!" Chris giggled. "How bout we just meet at The Java Hut downtown? It has great Lattes, or other stuff if you aren't into coffee. I need to help close up my Dad's shop, so how's six tonight sound?"

Jill wasn't into coffee. "Yeah, that sounds perfect." Jill hung up, hoping she could successfully get out of family dinner tonight.

The Java Hut was just off Main Street, and appearantly the place to be amongst the under thirty crowd. Teenagers gathered in flocks, talking loudly and ingesting tasty pastries. The college students sat scattered about drinking large lattes and stairing into thier glowing laptops. The line for the counter begain just after setting foot inside the shop. Once they had their drinks, they managed to find a small table away from most of the louder patrons.

"Yeah, I can be pretty forward." Chris smiled as she held her gormet coffee with both hands. The steam parted around her face as it rose. "I've never been shy about aproching some one I find... interesting. Although, I can't say you weren't entirely stelth in your approch." Chris took a thoughtful sip. "Maybe a bit 'stalker-ish' "

The first sip of her latte sent Jill into a very unlady-like sputtering fit. "Hey, I'm... shy." So much for swave and debonare. More like a babe in the woods. "I don't know how tell if a girl is into me, let alone ask her out."

 

Jill learned just how unreserved Chris could be. During their evening together, Chris had admitted to several sexual experiences with both boys and girls. Seemed she was a bit of a conqueror when she saw some one she liked.

"I just go after them!" She explained. "I find most people don't refuse a strong come-on from a busty blond!" She batted her eyelashes at Jill.

"No, I guess they don't." Jill definitely knew of her powers first hand. Chris was incredibly sexy. She could've asked Jill to quit school and live under a bridge, and she would've thanked her for the opportunity.

"Hey Chris!" Three fellow sienors suddenly appeared at Chris' side. One impecibly dressed young man took the seat next to Chris. All three held large javas in their well manacured hands. None had given a second glance twords Jill. "I heard you were still single. Too bad about that college kid, but seems like it's been awhile since you've been dateing anyone." The other two mermured corgel condolences to Chris.

"Jim here is having a house party this weekend," Jim, who was standing, waved his coffee in confermation. " and I wanted you to go with me, you know, as my date. It's dressy, strickly invitation only. There'll be a band and everything. Want to go?"

Jill's heart was sinking. She could never compete with this crowd. Hell, she was sitting inches away from them, and they never noticed her. The clothes they were curently wareing cost more than Jill's entire wardrobe at home.

"Oh, wow. Paul, that sounds awsome, but I can't be your date." Chris turned to Jill and smilled. "George, Jim, Paul, I want you to meet Jill." All three turned in unison and nodded twords Jill as if she had just arrived. "Jill and I are dateing." Just for a moment, all three were silent.

"Hey, that's cool." Paul rose with his hands up. "By all means, you are still invited and please bring Jill as your date." Again, the others meremered in agreement.

Wow. Just like that, I'm in a relationship. Jill was amazed how Chris could be so confident.

A month before school was finnaly out, Jill had her eighteenth birthday. Chris had hinted at some big plans for her.

"Come on!" Jill had grabbed Chris around the waist. They were in lying in Jill's bed, with text books strewn across it. "Tell me, or I'm gonna tickle you 'till you do!"

"Never!" Chris squealed. She doubled over, knees jerking as the torture ensued. "Stop it! I'm going to pee my pants!"

Jill relinquished. She gazed down at her friend. Never did she tire of her beauty. Nervously, she worried her lips and absently caressed Chris' stomach. They had been studying on her bed, and these days, studying usually lead to other things.

Chris' laughter subsided and she finally noticed her friend's gaze. She placed a hand behind Jill's head and pulled her in for a kiss. At first, it was tentative. Jill had never kissed any one before Chris. She thought her head might explode the first time Chris' lips touched hers. She felt green, inexperienced and lacking confidence. Chris had kissed others- boys, mostly- and that made Jill worry about her own ability. She didn't want to scare away her first girlfriend with bad technique. Luckily for Jill, teenage hormones have a wonderful way of taking over.

"Mmm... slow down, baby." Chris pushed Jill gently off and struggled to sit upright. They were both breathing heavily.

Jill had never felt such frustration. It seemed she was in a constant state of arousal with no outlet. Of course, she understood why Chris insisted on waiting for sex, and it had nothing to do with strong moral fiber or some promise ring or church. Statutory rape. Chris was older, and not entirely innocent. She had gotten caught with a much older boyfriend as a junior and it had been a mess. Her parents had just started giving her more freedom, in part since all her free time was spent with Jill, and not another boyfriend. Even with her mom and dad not truly understanding the magnitude of their relationship, she had been very adamant both her and Jill be at least eighteen years old before they even consider having sex. Yes, she agreed with Chris that it was best refraining for the time being, but It didn't make it any easier.

All through middle and high school, Jill had watched her friends initiated into the joys of falling in love. One by one, they fell into it like unseen traps. Jill was the last one standing. So when Jill finally met Chris, she really had hit the jackpot. Chris was plump in all the right places. Her breasts and hips were of generous girth and weight, deliciously jiggling with every step she took. Long, thick blond hair flowed down her back, begging for fingers to run wild in it. She was the daughter of a local business man, and hung with all the upper crust kids. Chris was smart, beautiful, popular, AND humble. Truly, a girl worth getting stupid over.

* * * *

"Here, I believe you used to prefer beer to wine?" Chris handed Jill a draft from the bar. Naturally, she remembered correctly, Jill much rather preferred beer to wine. Jill graciously accepted her drink. It did seem to be a bit small, as it half-disappeared in one gulp. Jill needed another one. This woman made her sweat.

"Chris, I am so glad to see you!" Downing the rest of the first beer, Jill grabbed a second cup from the bar. She wiped her mouth with the back of her sleeve. "I really need to talk to you."

* * * *

Chris had really gone all out for Jill's birthday. She whisked Jill to the next county, to a small cabin in the woods. It was a single room efficiency with a bed, kitchenette, and bathroom. There were four small cabins in the immediate vicinity, with sites for tents and campers further down the two-track. Tall maple, birch and cedar trees surrounded the cabins, giving them some modest privacy. Even a small stream gurgled past in the rear. It was perfect.

"How did my parents agree to this?" Jill took in the scenery. How had Chris pulled this off? She couldn't imagine her mom or dad letting her go so far away with no supervision. Obviously, none of their parents had a clue what was going on. "Chris, this is wonderful! What are we going to do first?"

"I think I'll do you first." Chris nonchalantly passed Jill, taking bags into the cabin. She called back over her shoulder. "Let me get all this put away. You enjoy the view." She left Jill to wander around the stream. Chris had little intentions of giving her another chance to view the scenery. If she had anything to say, Jill's next step outside would be to the car when it was time to go home.

The whole place was so serene. Birds sang overhead while baby squirrels chattered and chased each other through the treetops. Already, this was shaping up to be a momentous birthday for Jill. That Chris would put this together was absolutely amazing.

"This place is so beautiful." Jill remarked as she ascended the steps to the front deck. Chris had settled on an outside bench after completing her chores inside. "How did you find this place?"

"My family comes here once or twice a year." Chris tucked her hair behind her right ear. A subtle breeze teased it back out. "Of course, we take two cabins at a time when we come."

Nothing but mundane chatter. Jill didn't hear any of it. She could only see the way the sun lit-up Chris' hair like a halo. Like an angel. A soft southern breeze drifted around them, bringing subtle smells from the woods: the smells of early spring. Somewhere, a campfire burned. This place was heaven.

"Come on, " Chris took Jill's hand, gently leading her to the door. "It's time to go inside." She glanced back over her shoulder and gave a quick wink. "It's time for you to open your present."

Jill followed in a stupor. She was overwhelmed. All of Chris' subtleties were lost on her. She was simply at maximum capacity. "Oh, Chris, not a present too! This is all too much. You shouldn't have gone... to....all this..." Inside, lit candles covered every possible horizontal space. On the table sat a bucket of chilled wine and a single red rose. "How beautiful! Oh, Chris, you-!"

Jill's words were smothered by a sudden, deep kiss. Chris held her tight, allowing all her pent-up desires to spill out. Her hands roamed over Jill, searching for a way in. Off came her jacket. Jill was maneuvered backed towards the bed. Chris broke her kiss long enough to pull Jill's tee-shirt over her head, then once again seized her lips. Continuing her exploration, Chris hastily unhooked Jill's bra and sent it flying across the room. Her hands immediately groped the exposed flesh, fingers pinching and twisting at the nipples. God this woman knows how to turn me on! Jill thought to herself, while burying her hands in Chris' long, blond mane. Jill was delirious with lust, on her way to heaven. The sound of her zipper startled Jill back to reality.
