 I've been practicing Bikram yoga for a few years now. Besides the physical benefits I've achieved, it also gives me the opportunity to gaze at beautiful men and women and better still, while they are scantily clad. Bikram yoga is performed in a 105 degree room and high humidity to help the body warm up so you can really build your strength and flexibility. I can tell you it does wonders for me. It also means that folks don't wear much in the room and I get to see lots of delicious skin while I'm practicing.

My husband, Tom, knew I was bisexual when we started dating (well, after we started anyway) and that I was in a serious long-distance relationship at the time. It certainly added some twists to our relationship but we've been able to make it all work with open communication and trust. Tom knows how much I enjoy looking at and watching other people and that the yoga studio is one of my favorite places.

Kris is a good friend I met through yoga and she just completed the 9 week Teachers training course. She went down to LA at the beginning of summer to get setup in her apartment and do a little site-seeing before the non-stop torture (her words, not mine) began.

A couple days after she returned, we met for a coffee and she told me all about her experience. She kept a blog all through training, but she wasn't able to relate all of what she experienced there, mainly because her parents were reading it too. I was eager to hear more and listened intently.

"As you know, it was exhausting," she began. "I mean, yoga class three times a day, for nine weeks! Add to that all the lectures between the classes."

"Yeah, I have a hard enough time doing a double every once in a while. I can't even begin to imagine."

"That wasn't the hardest part though," she said.

"What could possibly be harder than that?"

"Well, doing all that yoga was bringing up a lot of emotions for me. I'd be lying in savasana and I would start crying or I'd have to try holding back the giggles. My emotions were all over the place. And as I said, I was physically exhausted. But the weirdest thing started happening." She started whispering, "I was getting very aroused each class I was in. By the time I finished training, I think I was aroused almost the entire class. And I'm sure others could notice, my nipples were always hard and were easily visible pointing out through my top. Luckily nobody mentioned it, I would have died from embarrassment."

"Yeah, I can't imagine nobody noticed. I'm sure I would have...." My voice trailed off at the end, I hadn't intended on letting her know that I was looking at her during yoga class. Her eyes widened slightly at my words, but she didn't give any other indication that she understood the meaning of them.

Kris continued speaking in a low voice, "Even though I was exhausted, I still had a hard time sleeping. My mind was filled with erotic thoughts and images and it took a long time to get to sleep."

"Why didn't you take matters into your own hands?" I asked with a smile. I was hoping I could get her to reveal a little of what she did to masturbate. That could be useful fantasy material later.

"You remember I had two roommates in my apartment?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that."

"Well, as you can imagine, it was difficult to find any privacy to do what I wanted."

I was disappointed hearing this, thinking that was the end of her story.

"The only time I was really alone, if you want to call it that, was when they were both asleep," she continued, still speaking quietly. "All I was able to do was play a little under the covers. I was too afraid of going all the way, fearing I'd make too much noise and they'd wake up."

"So what did you do?" I asked.

"Oh god, I can't believe I'm going to tell you this. I did the same thing every night until I left. I'd wait until they were asleep, which didn't take long, then I would slide my hands over my body, one hand staying up to caress my breasts, the other going down to, well, you know..." she finished.

I looked into her eyes and whispered, "Tell me."

She looked away for a moment then looked back. "Alright," she sighed. "I'd slide my fingers along the lips of my... my vagina, up and down, sometimes sliding a finger in to get it moist and then up to circle my clit." She stopped for a few moments, then, "I could only take so much before I had to stop, afraid I was making too much noise."

"What were you thinking about while you were doing this?"

She was looking into my eyes again, feeling more comfortable relating her story to me. "I was mostly thinking about Cooper and how much I missed him. And how long it had been since we'd seen each other and been together. I would imagine being with him again."

Yeah, I could imagine too. Cooper was her boyfriend and I must admit I was a little envious. He was gorgeous. He was about 6 feet tall and proportionately built, with well toned muscles and from what I could tell, the muscle she was dreaming about was well proportioned too. He also practiced yoga and I'd been lucky enough to have him in some of my classes. He certainly was nice on the eyes.

"Mostly? What else were you thinking about Kris?"

She looked away again, looking a bit shy. "I would think about the other students in my classes. There were many beautiful people to watch. There were a few that caught my eye and I'd imagine being with them too." She stopped then and stared off behind me out the window.

"That sounds exciting, Kris. I don't know if I could have shown the restraint you did under those circumstances."

Her eyes focused back on me and she looked into my eyes for a few moments. "Jennifer, you know my birthday is coming up in a couple days, right?"

"Yeah."

"I'm giving myself a present. I've talked to Markus and he's agreed to allow me to use the studio this Thursday to practice by myself." She started talking quietly again, "I'm going to go through the routine naked! Will you practice with me? You know, as part of my present?"

"Sure, I'd love to," I replied, trying not to look too eager. I had long admired Kris's body and often thought of being with her. Now at last, I'd get to look for much longer than just the times we'd taken the same class and were in the changing room with a bunch of other women.

"Great, we can meet at the studio at 12:30. Thanks Jennifer."

"My pleasure, Kris."

We continued talking while sipping our coffee, eventually parting with a hug and went our separate ways. As I was leaving, all I could think about was her birthday present. Two days! I had to wait two days.

---

When Thursday came round, I had a hard time concentrating at work. I finally left to get to the studio and the entire time I was driving, I was thinking about what was about to happen. I'd thought about doing yoga nude before but never thought I'd get the chance. Now I was getting that chance with the added benefit of getting a long look at a very naked, very beautiful woman. By the time I arrived, my pussy was already moist and my nipples were hard. Luckily, Kris hadn't arrived yet and I was able to concentrate on other things and managed to hide my arousal by the time Kris arrived.

It was a warm day and I was wearing a skirt and blouse to stay cool. I'm 5'6" and roughly 140 lbs with shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes, 34B breasts and nice curves. I think my butt is my best feature and my legs are nicely shaped from yoga and playing Ultimate. I haven't worn underwear for years and the only other clothing I had on was a bra and my sandals. Kris is a little shorter than me, about 5'4" but her breasts are a little larger, probably a C cup. She has shorter, dirty blonde hair and beautiful light hazel colored eyes. She was wearing a pair of shorts, sandals and a tank top that only covered her chest, leaving her belly bare. I *love* bellies.

"Hi Jennifer! I hope you haven't been waiting long."

"No, not long. I needed the time to pull myself together a little, anyway."

"Great, let's go in. I can't wait to get started."

Neither can I, I thought, following her through the door.

She turned on the lights and then adjusted a thermostat she said controlled the heat in the studio. "It'll take about half an hour for the room to heat up," she said. "How are you doing?"

We sat down and talked for a while about life over the last couple days. It didn't make sense for us to get ready just yet, since we were going to be nude there was nothing to put on and we'd be sitting around for 30 minutes in our birthday suits.

Finally it was time to get ready. We made our way back to the women's changing room and started to get undressed. I don't think I was moving any slower than I usually do, but it seemed to take forever to get undressed. I kept glancing over at Kris, watching as she disrobed. I thought I noticed her glancing in my direction too.

Finally, we were both naked. I had seen Kris naked before, before and after classes we had both taken, but as I stood I got to gaze fully at her body, taking in the details without the annoyance of new clothes covering her back up. She did the same to me. Her aureolas were dark and her nipples extended slightly above her breasts. Her belly looked even better than before and her smooth skin extended to her bush, just above her vagina. She kept her bush trimmed much like mine. The hair was short, in a basic triangle and her lips were bare.

She giggled and grabbed my hand. "Let's go!" she said and pulled me behind her toward the studio door. Once inside, I took a moment to get acclimated to the heat and humidity. We both went to put our mats and towels down and then stood facing the mirror. I could see my nipples extended out a bit from my lighter aureolas and knew I'd have a hard time keeping my mind off Kris's body enough to keep from becoming fully erect.

As I looked over toward Kris, I saw her look quickly back to her reflection in the mirror. Was she checking me out some more? I certainly hoped so.

"Are you ready to start?" Kris asked, looking at me again, smiling.

"Yeah, let's do it," I replied, smiling back. "Thanks for inviting me to share this with you. I think it's going to be lots of fun."

"Me too."

She began the dialogue, talking us through the first breathing exercise and postures. I loved watching her breasts rise up as her elbows rose, her belly sucked in. I found myself comparing our bodies and decided we looked very similar. After the breathing warmup and half moon posture, my skin was covered in a sheen of sweat. I looked over at Kris and saw she was also slick with sweat. The glare from the lights reflecting off her curves was starting to have an effect on me. I could feel my nipples getting slightly harder and could see them a little more prominently in the mirror.

We reached the first water break and both bent forward for our bottles. Standing back up again, I looked at Kris and could see that her nipples extended out a bit more also, almost as much as mine. She caught me looking at her and gave me a quick smile, starting back into the dialogue. Her eyes travelled down my body before she looked forward again.

In standing bow, Kris's body was magnificent. Her left arm stretched forward, right hand back grasping her right ankle as she kicked and bent forward. Her body arched back and her chest thrust forward. I was having a hard time concentrating on my postures as I looked more at Kris in the mirror. I noticed she was looking more often at me too. Her speaking was not as smooth as during a regular class but I chalked that up to the exertion of teaching and going through the postures at the same time.

When we began the first standing separate leg stretching pose, Kris stayed out saying, "I've noticed you have a hard time with this one. Do you mind if I help you a bit?"

My legs were already spread with my arms outstretched. I shook my head no as I extended my chin and bent forward at the waist. I hadn't thought about it before, but this posture would leave my pussy very exposed. As I locked my knees and pulled my chest down and forward with my arms, hands under my feet, Kris was talking me through the posture. Kris ran her finger from my lower back, down my spine, telling me to suck my in belly and extend my chest forward and down. Her touch sent a shiver though my body I'm sure she felt.

As I came out of the first set and stood in mountain pose, I looked at Kris. She was just sort of staring into the mirror in my direction, but I wasn't sure she was seeing me. She seemed to snap out of it and gave me an embarrassed looking smile. "You did that quite well, Jennifer. I'll help some more on the second set too."

Again, I spread my legs, extended my arms and bent forward. This time, Kris stood behind me and I know she could see my pussy. I could feel my lips part and was sure she was getting an eyeful.

"Lock your knees and relax the back of your thighs, keep the front strong."

As she said this, she slowly ran her fingers lightly up the back of my leg ending very close to my pussy. My nipples grew very hard and a small gasp escaped my lips. Her fingers stayed there while her other hand traced down my side toward my breast. I thought she would stop before going too far. I was wrong. She traced down the side of my breast and then ran her fingers over my nipple. I closed my eyes and groaned a little.

Kris had stopped talking and was lightly rubbing my nipple, sometimes twisting and lightly pulling with her fingers. Her other hand began moving towards my pussy and was soon sliding between my lips, slowly caressing my inner folds and my clit. While she rubbed my clit, she stuck her thumb inside my pussy and twisted my nipple at the same time. I groaned even louder this time.

"Relax, Jennifer. Don't get up yet."

I wasn't about to move if she kept doing what she was doing, but I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold this position. She removed her thumb from my pussy and her hand from my nipple and kneeled directly behind me. I soon felt her breath brush over my sweat covered thighs, cooling me slightly. Her breath moved closer and closer to my pussy and I held my own breath in anticipation. Then her lips were on my pussy and I felt her tongue on my clit as she pressed her upper lip into my opening, her nose pressing the edge of my anus. I let out a long sigh.

Her hands moved to my breasts and started pinching and rolling my nipples. At the same time, she started licking and sucking my clit, occasionally pushing her tongue inside me and licking up over my ass, circling and pressing against me.

I stopped looking straight down and glanced back between my legs up at Kris. She was squatting behind me and I could see her nipples jutting out from her breasts. I let go my grip and slowly reached back to touch the inside of her thighs, trying not to lose my balance. When she felt my touch, she opened her knees further and rocked forward to rest on her knees. I slid my hands up her thighs towards her pussy and slowly slid my fingers into her, sliding up to rub her clit. She let out a low moan and licked harder.

Her tongue was doing a wonderful job on my clit, alternating between long, wide, hard strokes with quick flicking back and forth, occasionally putting her lips full on and sucking my clit into her mouth. Her hands were now pulling and twisting my nipples hard, sending jolts through my body. I was close to coming and let myself moan without restraint. Kris could tell I was close and focused her attention on my clit using hard, wide strokes.

One of her hands reached up and she used her thumb to press against my back door. I was already slick there from her earlier licking and it didn't take much pressure to push past my muscles and bury her thumb in my ass. That was all it took for me as I cried out and came, squeezing her thumb, my abdomen convulsing. I had to move my hands to the floor beneath me to keep from falling over. Kris slowly moved her thumb in and out and continued to lick my clit, softer now since I kept jumping each time she licked too hard.

After a minute or two, Kris slowly pulled her thumb out of my ass and her mouth away from my pussy. I slowly bent my legs, moving out of the position and turning to face Kris. I looked into her eyes and leaned in to give her a kiss. She opened her mouth as our lips met and we kissed, our tongues chasing each other back and forth and I could taste myself on her lips.

I broke our kiss and gently pushed her back onto the floor, trailing my finger down her chest and belly as she laid back. I took a moment to gaze at her body as I lowered my eyes and head toward her pussy. I knelt down and kissed just above her clit, feeling her jump slightly at the touch. I used my fingers to slightly part her lips and ran my tongue from the opening of her pussy up to rest on her clit. She let out a long, low moan and put her hands on my head, her fingers in my hair.

I shifted to my belly, keeping my tongue on her clit as my hands moved up the outside of her body to reach for her breasts, taking her nipples between my fingers, rolling and tugging. She gripped my head harder as I pushed my chin towards the floor and reached for her ass with my tongue, rubbing her clit with the tip of my nose. I kept this up, licking her ass and massaging her clit, while her body writhed under my hands.

I could tell she was getting close and returned my tongue to her clit. Using hard, wide strokes like she used on me, I alternated licking and sucking on her clit. My fingers rolled and pulled at her nipples and she continued to moan, getting louder. Then her hands stopped moving on my head and her whole body tensed as she came. Her legs trembled and squeezed my head as I continued to lightly lick her moist pussy until she calmed down and started moving her hands again.

She reached down under my face and pulled me up on top of her, smiling at me the whole time. "God Jennifer, I've wanted to do that for such a long time now."

"Mmm Kris, that was incredible. That was quite a surprise. I never knew you were interested."

"Yeah, well I guess I have always been curious what it was like to be with another woman. Then one day I saw you looking at me and I really started thinking about it a lot more. When you agreed to practice nude with me, I thought maybe it would happen. I thought about asking you before but I was too scared. Then when I was helping you with the posture I thought it was now or never and took the chance. When you didn't jump up screaming at me when I touched your breast, I just let myself go, enjoying the moment."

"Wow Kris, you don't know what a relief it is for me too. And you don't need to worry about me... I've known I love women for years." Her eyes opened a bit wider at that admission.

"You mean...?"

"I've been attracted to you since we first met. It's ironic that you were the one to make the first move. I just hope you don't regret it."

"Oh no, I don't. I don't think I'll ever look at another woman the same, though." She giggled and gave me a smile.

"I'm glad. I'll never look at you the same, either."