 Author's note: I want to sincerely thank the Volunteer Editor Program through Literotica and more specifically Alena B. Without Alena B's spot on edits, readers would believe, like some of my prior work, that I dictated the story to Siri on my iPhone 6, while I was cumming. (If this did happen, and I'm not saying it did, there is no reason you do not deserve a cogent story!) Thank you, Alena B. 

***** 

I work out at a large chain fitness club. I'm single, fit, 37-years-old, and 5'4, with nice B cup tits. I have blue eyes and long brown hair. My husband shocked me nine months ago with a "we're getting divorced" email. Yeah, a real blow to the ego. 

I'd been watching this guy who comes to the gym 5 days a week, his name is Diego. He's fit and has a great smile and amazing blue eyes. I made an excuse to talk to him. We talked about his law practice and he's married. Damn! Even though he's married, he was fun, so I kept talking to him. He seemed interested in me and I asked him if he would be coming over to my place to get in the Jacuzzi. Diego was very blunt and he said, "If you can satisfy my wife, you can satisfy me." 

I asked him what he meant and he told me about this understanding he made with his wife, that if a woman could satisfy his wife, then his wife would allow the other woman to satisfy him. 

I told him, "Nice talking to you," and walked away. 

Diego did not miss a beat. He went right back to his leg lifts. Damn!! I wanted to be chased! This was doing nothing for my ego, and I couldn't go back up to him. Diego finished his workout and left. 

I wanted to just go to the steam room and then cool off with a shower. I ended my work out early and went into the locker room. I took off my clothes and wrapped myself with my large towel from home. I entered the sauna and there was another woman in there. She had her eyes closed and head back. I sat on the ledge above her and a little ways away from her. 

She was in her 30s, Chinese, and had legs as smooth as glass. At least it looked like that with the sweat. She did not open her eyes when I walked in or when I sat down. I was thinking about what Diego said and was less mad about the idea. I had never slept with a woman before. Sure, I have had girlfriends who have been very flirtatious, but I never thought about it. I like cock and the feel of a man on my body, but Diego's statement made me think. I looked down at the Chinese woman. I looked at her red lips, soft skin, and beautiful neck. As I stared at her, she uncrossed her legs. I continued to stare from above. I was getting aroused just staring at this woman! 

The sweat was pouring down my face. I used my hand to wipe the top of my sweaty chest. I looked down and noticed my female companion had opened her mouth. I could envision her being licked as she had her head back, mouth open, and legs open even wider than when I entered. 

My towel opened on the side opposite of her. I reached in the towel and could feel the sweat on my stomach, my thighs, and on my pubes. I felt the top of my pussy and my clit was engorged. The humidity and my own juices made my clit too tempting not to touch, at least for a couple of swirls. 

I looked to see if the woman noticed what I was doing. She was rotating her neck and then she opened her towel! She left her towel open so that I could see her well-manicured pubes and small breasts. Her nipples were dark brown and large. I was rubbing my clit. There was no stopping me. I was staring at a woman and masturbating! 

I was getting so turned on that I moaned. 

She opened one eye, looked at me, and without lifting her head said, "Feels great, huh?" 

I don't think she saw my other hand, but all I could say back was, "Ahhh, huh." 

She smiled, turned her head back toward the ceiling, and opened her towel completely. I covered my mouth with my other hand and came. I let out a whimper and her smile grew. I was busy catching my breath by breathing heavily. She then stood up and picked up her towel. She kept her towel off, turned to me, and said, "I hope your day stays that great." I should have felt embarrassed, but I did not. I was even more excited, but I figured I better get a cold shower going before I spent all day in here and really overheated. 

Later that night I got in bed and I thought more about what Diego said. I figured if they had such a good relationship that they could be that open, then I wanted to meet this lady. I got in bed, turned on my favorite porn site, and watched videos of men fucking the shit out of pussies. I imagined Diego on top of me pounding my pussy in his bed with his wife watching and touching herself. I honestly believe it was the thought of his wife standing their jilling off to Diego fucking me like a whore that made me cum. The next day I vowed to follow up with Diego. 

I went to work out at my usual time of 7:30 am. I worked out for two hours but Diego did not show up. Maybe he went to court? Was he embarrassed and trying to avoid me? Did he tell his wife and she wanted him to stop coming to the gym? I was getting crazy as I was so excited to pursue this. 

The following day Diego showed up. I walked right up to him and said, "Where were you?!" 

He said, "Oh, you mean yesterday?" 

"Yes!" I said like an angry girlfriend. God, no wonder my husband wanted a divorce. Snap out of it, girl! 

"Aysha took Sedona to school in the morning, so I came to work out later," he said. 

"Aysha? What a beautiful name. Persian?" 

"Indian," he said with a smile. 

"Do you have a picture?" I asked. 

Diego took out his phone and pulled up a picture of his family at a medieval dinner show theater. I saw Aysha and said, "Your wife is pretty, no wonder you aren't wandering." 

"Exactly," he grinned. 

"I'll take your wife up on that deal," I blurted out. 

"You mean to satisfy her?" he asked with his eyes getting a little smaller as if to catch every bit of facial movements as I answered. 

I told him firmly, "Yes." 

"Well, we can meet her right now, if you'd like," he said looking at the time. 

This caught me off guard. "Right now?!" 

"If you want, I know she is home and probably taking a shower," he stated. 

I thought back on the sauna incident and said, "Let's go!" 

Diego said, "I'll drive! Come with me." I followed him out the door to his car, not even stopping to grab our stuff from our lockers. He took me to his car and we started to drive. 

I thought, What am I doing?! I'm in the car of a guy from the gym and he is driving me to his house. I'm going to meet his wife, who is right now in the shower? But then again, just two days ago I was masturbating in the sauna with another woman, so... 

I asked Diego what the rush was and he said, "She's in the shower!" I thought why not wait for her to get out and maybe we could all do lunch. He said, "The shower is her time to release before the stress of the day. I want you to see her naked and see how it goes." 

What the hell?! Things are moving fast, I thought. Do I really want to do this? Would I want this done to me? 

We pulled into the garage. Diego opened the car door and said, "Good! She's still showering! Come on." I would find out later that he could hear the hot water heater working so he knew she was still in the shower. We entered the house and took off our shoes. 

We walked upstairs. Diego pointed me to the bathroom. I stood by the door frame, afraid of making this woman scream at the thought of someone by her bathroom door! I peeked my head around the corner. I saw her in the steamy glass shower. I could see her back and her ass. I watched her and could see that she was having her "release." Aysha had both hands on her crotch and I could hear a certain noise I knew well, a "personal massager", at work. I was fascinated and could not stop watching. 

I watched her and was so turned on. I took off my top and started to caress my small breasts. My nipples were already hard. I took off my pants and underwear. I knew Diego was behind me. I slid my middle finger into my slit. Diego was staring at me, watching me touch myself to his wife touching herself. All I needed was for Diego to pull out his cock and stroke it and the scene would be complete, but for now I wanted Aysha. 

As I watched her, I saw her shoulders shrug twice. She came and put down her pink personal massager. I had not yet cum. I got bold and walked into the room. Aysha said, "Hello?" and turned around to see a naked woman walking towards her. She let out a, "Oh my God!" 

Before she could finish that statement, I said, "Please, I'm a friend of Diego's. I've been watching you with joy. I've just left the gym and need to shower. May I join you?" 

I did not wait for an answer. Aysha covered her breasts in shyness and shock. I opened the glass door to the shower and stepped in. "Damn, that is hot!" I yelled. Aysha instinctively turned the heat down. I touched her shoulder and turned her around saying, "Thank you, my name is Karen. Your husband said he wanted me to meet you and I'm glad he did." I then gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. Aysha was still in shock. 

Diego entered the bathroom and said, "Hello! I'll be in the study." Aysha looked at him with anger. I touched Aysha's face and turned it toward mine. I kissed her this time, parting her lips. My tongue found hers. At this point she was not resisting and put her arms on my back, finally over the shock. 

I took the bar of soap and began to wash from her back to her ass, and down to her feet. I worked the bar of soap from her feet to her swollen pussy lips. I put the bar of soap all over her big titties and then her arms and shoulders. We were now face to face. I kissed her again. She was willing, very willing to kiss me back. I saw the pink "personal massager" that she put down. I picked it up and licked the tip of it and said, "It tastes sweet. I've never tasted another woman's pussy. I want yours to be the first my lips touch and my tongue tastes." I handed Aysha the soap and put her hands on my chest. Aysha washed me very well and spent a lot of time on my small breasts. 

We rinsed off. I took Aysha by the hand and walked her to her bed. I laid her down and laid next to her. I kissed her mouth so much. It was so different from kissing a man. I then began to suck her left breast, giving the nipple little sucking kisses. 

I kissed her stomach and then the pubes covering her pussy. It surprised me that Aysha pushed my face away from her pussy. I looked up and met her eyes. I slid my right middle finger up her slit to her clit. Her head went back and she made an "Uhh" noise. I pulled my finger out and it was covered with her pussy juice. I put that finger on her lips. She opened her mouth and took my finger in her mouth. She sucked my finger like it was a miniature cock. 

I told her, "I want that sweet juice, too." I went back between her legs. She still showed some resistance, but then gave into the moment and spread her thighs to be worshipped. 

I had never licked a pussy! I'm sure I can get this! Just lick Karen, how hard can it be? I started with what I knew, the clit. I worked her clit. I tried sucking her clit like a cock, but it did not seem to be exactly right. I decided I would lick her clit like an ice cream cone. I worked my tongue all around that love bud. I must have been doing okay because I felt her hand on the back of my head. She then pushed my face lower; she wanted my tongue in her pussy! I followed her direction and started to fuck her with my tongue. That was it! Aysha said, "Oh God! I'm cumming!" as my nose was bumping just below her clit. She pushed my head back and squirted all over me! I had never seen a woman squirt before. I'd heard of it, but who would have thought on my first time eating a woman out that I could make her orgasm and squirt! I'm a natural kittylicker. 

I looked up and saw Diego standing at the bedroom door with his cock as hard as a rock. I noticed Aysha was covering her face. I came up and moved her hands and kissed her. I said, "Aysha, that was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. I loved it!" And I truly did! Until a couple of days ago, I had not had sexual thoughts of a woman and now I just made a woman cum and I loved it. 

"Karen?" she asked. 

I said, "Yes, my sweet?" 

"I don't know what to say. This is so insane, but I loved it, too," she said. Aysha turned on her side and began to stroke my hair and then my face. She was building courage. She ran the back of her hand over my breasts. She kissed my cheek many times. I turned so that she could kiss me on the lips. She then opened her mouth to receive my pussy juice covered tongue. I wanted Aysha to take me now! I did not want Diego. I could have cock anytime; I wanted a woman to lick me until I came, too! 

I tilled my head back and Aysha started to kiss my neck. She lingered on my neck for too long, so I put my hand on her head and pushed it down to my titties. Aysha looked so excited to lick titties! I mean, 15 minutes ago I would have been in the same position, but now after being blasted with an amazing squirt, tittie sucking was mild! 

I hated to rush her along. Not really, though! I pushed her head, gently of course, lower. She kissed my stomach. I spread my legs. Now Aysha got the memo and she was following the directive. She got in between my legs. I had not cum and Aysha came, at least twice now, that I know of. Aysha kissed my clit. It was so exhilarating that I let out an "ahh." She kept kissing my clit. I could feel Aysha opening her lips and taking my little pearl into her mouth. She twirled her tongue around it and I was going insane with excitement. 

I pushed her back and she began to lick my labia and inner lips. I was going to cum and said, "I'mmm cumminggg! Ayshaaaa! Oh, God!" I came hard, but that did not stop Aysha, she just kept licking. I was too sensitive and started to close my legs. A woman knows that feeling and Aysha quickly stopped. I know Aysha must have known her husband was watching her the whole time, but she did not give a fuck and to be honest, neither did I. 

Aysha came up and embraced me. She kissed me on the cheek, but I think she was trying to be courteous and not kiss my mouth with my pussy juices on her tongue. I grabbed her chin and open-mouthed kissed her, mixing her tongue with mine. 

I pulled back and said, "I'm very glad to meet you. Maybe we can do lunch some time?" 

Aysha laughed and said, "I would really love that." 

Aysha later told me that she had never had sex with a woman and that her husband just promised her that he would not sleep with a woman, unless the woman had sex with her. She never believed he would follow through with it and definitely not sneak up on her in the shower to pull it off. Aysha was not sure if she even would have met me unless it was out of her control, like her being in the shower.