 "You did what?!" 

"Not so loud." Alyssa said as she and her friend Daniel shared lunch on the deck of Charotte's. She looked around at the other patrons who continued with their own conversations as her face reddened. 

"When?" Daniel prodded. 

"About a week ago."

"And you're just telling me now?" Daniel whispered. "Something like that and you're just telling me now."

"I didn't think you would be so against it." Alyssa said as she continued to blush.

"Against it? I'm in no way against it...but SHIT girl!"

"I know, I know." Alyssa lifted her ice tea to her lips and again scanned their surroundings. "You won't like, tell anyone about..."

"Hey, you know me better than that." Daniel said. "I came out of the closet but that doesn't mean I can't keep my mouth shut."

"Thanks."

"Can I get you two anything else?" The waitress asked as she stepped over to their table with a smile.

"Well, I'm all set but I think my friend would like some pie," Daniel answered with a smirk as Alyssa shot him a ferocious look. "Do you have cherry by any chance?"

"UH...no...I'm fine actually." Alyssa stammered. "Just the check."

"Ok, sweetie." The waitress said as she stepped away and back into the main restaurant.

"You're a bitch, you know that?" Alyssa said as Daniel began laughing.

"I'm just having fun."

"At my expense."

"Oh don't pout." Daniel said as he reached for his wallet. "So, you gonna to see them again?"

"I'm not talking about this anymore."

"You haven't really talked about it at all. I want the juicy details." Daniel said as a smirk again crossed his lips. "Excuse the pun."

"Ugh."

The waitress returned with the check and collected the discarded dishes. As Alyssa pulled open her purse Daniel reached across the table and gently touched her arm.

"I got this."

"Oh, no. I can take care of my half." Alyssa said while not lifting her gaze.

"Sweetie, I'm sorry," Daniel whispered. "I think it's amazing, that's all. I live through others exploits."

"You have plenty of your own I'm sure."

"Well there was Carlo in York on the 4th, but...no...that was pretty great.." Daniel said as his thoughtful gaze trailed away. Alyssa laughed and he turned back to her. "Thing is, I never had two Carlo's."

Her butterflies returned as she put money on the table. She knew she could trust Daniel. She was the first person he came out too and shared his deepest, most difficult feelings with. They had become friends at work. He was always an odd duck as their co-workers called him. But, there was something she connected with. He was kind, thoughtful and shared her sense of humor. When he finally told her he was gay during one of their late night talks, he began to cry because he figured she would shun him like so many others did. Instead, they found a deeper bond and friendship that Alyssa wasn't expecting. She encouraged him to be open about himself, no matter how the stones fall, be true to himself and those around him. It was tough at the beginning, especially with his family. Their co-worker's took to the revelation well for the most part. The white elephant in the room had been pointed out and embraced.

"I wasn't looking for it." Alyssa whispered.

"Those are the best experiences." Daniel offered.

"I just don't...I don't know what I was thinking."

"You weren't. That also leads to the best experiences." Daniel stood and slid over to the chair just to the left of Alyssa. "Were they hot?"

"Fuck yea,." Alyssa said as she played with her napkin. "Can we just go?"

The drive down 16 was quiet. The afternoon traffic was moving smooth, unlike Alyssa's thoughts. She wanted to talk about it. She needed to talk about it, just to get it out and make sense of it. 

"You don't have to tell me anything...ok?"

"Huh?" Alyssa said. "I..I didn't say anything."

"No, but you were thinking about it."

"Dan, this isn't easy for me."

"Like I don't know a little something about that." He smiled.

"I know, and I'm not jumping the 'fence' or anything...I think."

"No, you're just playing in the other yard."

"Yeah... I guess I am."

"Mmhmm. And with two playmates."

"They could've been playmates...holy shit." Alyssa said under her breath as she turned toward the window.

"Were you at a club?" Daniel asked.

"Sort of."

"Sort of?"

"It was a strip club." Alyssa said.

"You went to a strip club...?"

"It was guys on stage ok?"

"Reeaaally. And where would this be?" He said as they both laughed.

"I'll give you the address." 

"So, how in the hell did it go there at a male review?"

"I was there with Karen and her entourage. Everything was fine, oh, and you would have loved the biker Tredd."

"I'm sooo going there this weekend."

"So, there were these rooms. You know, private rooms for the private dances. Well, there was a woman I was talking to at the stage and she called one of the guys over and asked for a private show. Well, when she got up she took my arm and told me to come along."

"One of the playmates I assume?" he said as she smirked.

"Well, he was GOOD at his job. He was up against the woman and me for a solid 5 minutes and she was definitely getting all hot and bothered. I mean she was all over him, and then he was working me over while she sat there watching.."

"Ok, that sounds hot alright."

"The fact that she could easily work the stage at any men's club she wanted to just added to it. He obviously noticed too because he was...standing at attention if you get my drift."

"I'm going to need to pull over, do you mind?" Daniel laughed as he fanned himself with his manicured fingers.

"Anyway, he finished and stepped to the door but the woman said she had to catch her breath. Truthfully so did I so he left us alone in the room. Well, she stood up and leaned against the wall lost in her own thoughts. She was running her fingers through her hair as she tried to catch her breath. Her chest...just rising and falling with her nipples hard against her dress...I was looking at every man's fantasy. She was breathtaking. She ran a manicured hand down to her thigh and, well, then between her legs as she let out this...I don't know... animal like moan. I started to stand up to head back out to the main floor to give her some privacy, but she stepped up to me and pushed me back down onto the little couch."

"This is getting good."

"She straddled my lap, pressed her gorgeous body into me and started making out with me. I mean that hard, slutty kind of kissing." Alyssa said as she looked out the window. "I, I don't remember my top slipping off my shoulders...I don't remember hers coming off either. Her breasts touching mine...that I remember."

"You went to a male strip club and got fucked by a woman in a private room?"

"No, we didn't have time for that. Besides, I figured she was just letting off some of the steam that had built up."

"So, what, you just let her make out with you, got up, said thank you, so nice to meet you and left?"

"No. But when she came up from between my legs..."

"Wait, what?! You didn't tell me that part!"

"You didn't let me finish."

"Did she let you finish?" he asked.

"I told you, we didn't have time."

"Are you just trying to deny what happened by watering things down.?"

"No." Alyssa answered.

"Well, was she on her knees just admiring the view then?"

"Oh come on, you know what was going on."

"Hey, I've never been there before so how would..."

"She was going down on me...alright?!"

"A gorgeous woman is practicing the fine art of cunnilingus on you in the back of a strip club and all you say is 'you know what was going on' and I'm not suppose to call you on it?" he said. "Were you too freaked out to be into it?"

"Ohh, I was into it. Look, the fact is it wasn't the first time I'd had that done to me...you know, by a woman."

"What?! Really?" He said in shock.

"Yeah."

"I never knew that...no wonder you were on my side when I came out." He smiled. "Anyone I know?"

"No, it was years ago."

"A girlfriend?"

"No...well not really." Alyssa stammered. "We met online and...well we were really into each other. When we finally met in person it just...I don't know, just kind of clicked." Alyssa shifted in her seat. "She was sexy, funny and I wanted her...all the time, and she wanted me."

"That sounds intense."

"Yeah, it was...allot of the time." Alyssa grinned. "She was the first woman I had slept with, so there was allot of figuring things out. What we liked, how to touch each other...how far we would go with each other."

"Sounds like you were ok going all the way."

"Hmmhmm." She sighed. "Anyway, back to the strip club. The song changed and there was a real good chance someone could be coming to the room so she got up and we fixed ourselves and walked out."

"You just rejoined Karen and the others after that?" he asked.

"Well what was I going to do?" she answered. "I would have let her as much as she wanted if we could've, but we had to go. We emerged from the room and her friends called to her and she went over to them and I found my way back to Karen's group."

"Ok, so how did you go from having a sexy chick working you up but not ringing your bell, to tres lesbos?"

"She bought me a drink." Alyssa said.

"...aaand?"

"Well, one of the waitresses brought it over and set it down and said it was from her and..."

"What?"

"She said that she was jealous because if she weren't working, she would buy me a drink too."

"Holy shit Ame's." He smiled.

"I know."

"Being a waitress at a strip club, even a male strip club, I bet she was a knock out."

"You don't know the half of it." She said. "She caught me watching her walk away when she looked over her shoulder and smiled again at me."

"Let me get this straight, so the woman that was going down on you sends you a drink, and the woman who brought it was hitting on you?"

"Elegantly put." She said. "After a little while I told everyone I was going to get another drink and I found the same waitress again. I uh, I told her that I would pretend it was from her."

"Wow, ballsy."

"I know. I was just so turned on still...I can't believe I said it."

"Did she have anything to say to that?"

"Yeah. She gave me this sexy, biting her bottom lip look and said that if she bought me that drink, she'd pour it all over my naked body and lick it off me until she was tipsy."

"Whoah, look at you go you sex goddess you."

"Well, later on the woman from the room found me and said that we had unfinished business from before. That's when I told her what the waitress had said to me, and she told me she would like to see that."

"I bet."

"At closing time the lights clicked on and everyone shuffled out. In the parking lot I caught her eyes looking at me. It was like I was hypnotized or something as I walked over to her. She didn't say a word. She just took my hand and we heading toward the back of the parking lot."

"The waitress was out there waiting for the two of you, wasn't she?"

"In all her sexy glory." She said. "We found ourselves at the waitresses apartment and it got wild at that point."

"Three sexy women boffing each other's brains out...it must have been epic." He said.

"The woman from the room said she wanted me good and turned on, so, she stripped me and tied me with a pillowcase to a chair that was in the corner of the waitresses bedroom. At that point, she threw the waitress on the bed and did things to that girl I didn't think two women could do."

"Sounds like she meant business."

"Just a bit." She said. "She was all over her. Tearing at her uniform and stripping her down to her gorgeous naked body and just utterly dominated her. Oh, and I've never seen a woman cum like that. She was screaming in ecstasy. Me, I was dying. My hands were bound so I couldn't even touch myself. I have never been so turned on in my life as I watched them."

Alyssa shifted in her seat as Daniels crooked smile spread on his face.

"Then she came for me. She left the waitress gasping for air and sauntered over to me."

"You must have been on fire."

"Oh yeah. Still tied to the chair mind you, one finger...one thrust...and I exploded. I have never had an orgasm like that. I probably woke up the entire building."

"What a DOM! She had total control over you two...I love it."

"She untied me, stood me up on shaky legs and threw me onto the bed with the waitress. She came over to us, turned me around so we were in a...you know...sixty-nine and took all the pillowcases, tied my wrists to the waitresses legs and vise versa. She sat down in the chair I had been in and, I don't know, the look in her eyes was all the direction we needed."

"Who was on top?"

"I was." She said. "At least at first. I mean, with her and I tied together we just...well we were like a sex machine. There wasn't anything to do BUT have sex. 

"I think I'll have to try that some day." He said smiling.

"I forgot for a minute that the other woman was there, watching us. I just got lost in her..."

"So you got her off then?"

"Ohh yeah. Bell's were a ringing" she answered. "She got me first though, but I followed that up by giving her two."

"Ha, ha...competitive much?" Daniel offered.

"Well, at some point the woman from the room got her fill of watching and joined us. We spent the next several hours fucking each other senseless. They double-teamed me, and then we would switch and double-team the other. At one point I was on my back with the woman from the room between my legs with her...amazing tongue buried into me while the waitress was sitting on my chest riding my tongue."

"Whew, I'm gay and I think that sounds hot." Daniel smiled. "That sounds like an amazing night, why are you so apprehensive about it?"

"She asked me out." Alyssa said.

"Who? I mean, which one?"

"The waitress, Becky."

"Ok, Becky. So she asked you out for what, coffee or..."

"A date."

"A date?"

"Yeah, an official date. Like, let's go out for some dinner, maybe a movie and see if maybe we could be girlfriends...date."

"And?"

"And, I said yes."

"Oh, great." Daniel smiled.

"No, not great," Alyssa answered. "I'm not a lesbian, yes apparently I have a side that likes fucking women but...a date?"

"You like her right?"

"Yes."

"You're obviously attracted to her right?"

"Obviously, but what if we go out and someone sees us?"

"Don't you remember telling me something about it doesn't matter in the end who thinks what of you?"

"Well yeah, but.."

"But nothing, here's a girl who is into you, and you're into her and that's all that matters." He said. "And if someone does see you, and they put together that you two are an item then they will just be envious that you have the guts to go after what feels good."

They pull up to Alyssa's place and Daniel puts the car in park and shuts it down. 

"Look She, just go out with her. What's the worst thing that could happen?"

"I don't know."

"Are you afraid you'll really like her?"

"I already do."

"At the least, it's just dinner, and anything more than that is just icing. No matter what, you've got one hell of a story."

"I...I didn't tell you about the morning." Alyssa said.

"What about the morning?" he asked. "How can it get better than what you told already?"

"Well, I woke up and the three of us were on the bed and I slipped out and stood at the doorway looking back at her."

"Becky?"

"I couldn't take my eyes off her as she slept. She's intoxicating. I finally turned and went out to the main part of the apartment and sat down on the couch with my head...and other parts still buzzing."

"Ok." 

"Well, she came out around the corner and stepped up to me with this easy smile and joined me. Without thinking I just.. I leaned in and kissed her and, well, we made love right there on the couch. The night before was animal lust but, this was..."

"What?"

"Perfect." She said. "We found ourselves on the carpet making deep, passionate love to each other. It was the most incredibly erotic, and intense experience I've ever had, and it was with another woman."

"Oh my god...did you, I mean are you falling in love with her?"

"I don't know. I mean love at first sight exists right?" Alyssa said. "Just because we're both women doesn't change that does it?"

"Of course not. But, what about her?"

"We were lying there holding each other, talking about all kinds of stuff...like we've known each other forever. She's funny, smart and so much more and..." Alyssa trailed off as she realized that she was carrying on about her as Daniel sat with a quiet broad smile. "Anyway, at some point she said that she could so fall in love with me."

"Wow."

"I said I already was." Alyssa said as she again looked out the window. "We, well we made love again after that. So, if I go out with her I'm afraid that..."

"Afraid that what, you'll continue to have an amazing connection with another person? Come on Alyssa!"

"I know I'm over thinking this...I know...but it's leading her on isn't it? I'm not gay, I'm not." Alyssa said as she looked down at her lap. "But, she gave me a ride back to my car which we left at the club overnight and when she kissed me again and said she couldn't wait to see me again I just..."

"Call her." He said.

"What?"

"You heard me, call her. I'm figuring you haven't talked to her since and you need to contact that girl."

"And say what? Hi, this is the Bi girl you met about a week ago and I was wondering if you'd like to go to brunch?"

"Yes." He stated. "Well, maybe a bit more natural, but yes. Go in there and call her. You do have her number still?"

"Yeah but.."

"But nothing."