 The sun was beginning to go down as Amy lay on her bed staring at the phone number entered into the display of her cel phone. She hadn't been able to focus her mind all afternoon and found herself puttering around her apartment flipping a coin in her mind. She wanted to see her. It felt like she needed to. She wanted to see if the same butterflies would circle her stomach as she gazed into her blue eyes and watched her delicate body surrender to her touch. 

"I'm not gay." She said aloud. Her voice sounded so defiant, as if she was pleading her case with herself. "...you did of course fuck two women last week" she answered herself. "...at the same time." 

"This is crazy." She blurted out into the empty room as the light beep came from the phone as she hit the send button. 

"Hello?" Becky asked. 

"Uh, oh hi...Becky?" Amy stammered. "It's She..." 

"Amy! Hey, how's it going?" 

"Fine. Good really." Amy answered while thinking to herself 'If good means dying to be near you right now.' 

"I was so hoping to hear from you." 

"Yeah, sorry I didn't get in touch with you before now." 

"No worries. Thing's get nuts sometimes right?" she said cheerfully. "I'm just glad you didn't lose my number...it's so great to hear your voice again." 

"Yeah, you too." Amy said with a hard swallow. "Well, I was just thinking about getting some dinner...uh, somewhere and I was wondering if you had eaten yet and if you wanted to join me." 

"You like Mexican?" 

"Um, yeah. As long as it's not too hot ya know?" 

"Oh come on, I know you like it hot." Becky said and Amy could almost hear the smirk spreading across Becky's face. 

"I like you're kind of hot." Amy said and immediately froze. 'I didn't just say that.' She scolded herself. A long moment passed as she wished she had said something, anything else, until... 

"You can have all you want of that." Becky said as Amy felt a pulse run the length of her body and settle between her legs. 

"So, what's this Mexican place you're referring to?" Amy asked. 

"It's in Portsmouth, near the water and it even has a deck." 

"That sounds perfect. The only problem is I don't know my way around Portsmouth too well." 

"Don't worry sweetie, I'll show you around." Becky said. "You want me to pick you up?" 

"Yeah, that would be fine." 

"I, I haven't stopped thinking about you." Becky said softly. 

"I've been thinking about you too." 

"Wish I was there." 

"So do I." Amy said. 

"Where are you?" 

"My apartment." 

"Ha, ha...no...where in your apartment?" 

"As clique as it is, I'm in my bedroom...relaxing on my bed." Amy said through a giggle. 

"I'm in my living room in my favorite chair." 

"Let me guess, naked?" Amy asked. 

"No, but I could get naked." 

Amy heard a shuffling on the other end as she began to feel the familiar buzz between her legs. 'Oh my god' she thought to herself. 'Am I about to have lesbian phone sex now?' 

"Are...are you...?" 

"Just a sec..." Becky said. "There, now I am." She giggled. 

Without a second though Amy undid the nap of her jeans and slid them off her toned legs along with her thong. After discarding them to the side of the bed she pulled her top over her head and unclasped her bra, releasing her large breasts and returned to the phone. 

"Now so am I." 

"Now I really wish I was there." Becky sighed. "God I wish my hands were on you right now." 

"What would you do first?" Amy asked as she reclined against the pillows and let her free hand caress her soft skin. 

"I'd play with your amazing breasts." 

"Mmnn, I'd like that." She said and her free hand slid up over the mound of her left breast and began lovingly stoking it. 

"Are you doing that now?" Becky asked. 

"Yes." Amy whispered. "Then what?" 

"I'd kiss you." 

"Mmm." 

"Kiss you, and suck on your tongue." 

"Your mouth is soo warm." She cooed. 

"Then I'd kiss my way down your neck and lick your nipple." Her breathing was beginning to deepen and Amy could tell she wasn't the only one having fun with their own body. 

"You mean lick like this?" Amy shifted slightly a drew her breast up toward her mouth, extended her tongue and began licking her own nipple which sent pulses of pleasure down her body. She made sure to make enough noise so her phone would pick up everything for Becky to hear. 

"Ohh fuck." Came from the phone. 

Amy shifted again and with a bit more effort reach downward and wrapped her lips around her now fully erect nipple and began sucking lovingly. From the phone she could hear Becky beginning to moan. 

"Mmff, uhnn, ohh...I'm...ohh...I'm fucking my pussy." 

"Are you using your fingers?" 

"Y-yess. Ohh...I wish they were your's" 

"I wouldn't be using my fingers." Amy said as her hand slipped between her legs and she circled her swollen clit. 

"Ohh goddd!" Becky moaned. 

"It'd be my tongue." Amy said as Becky continued to moan. "Would you like me to be licking your pussy?" 

"Feels...feelsss so good baby." Becky breathed. "I'd want to...ohh...do it too...ohh uhnn." 

"I...I can t-taste you." Amy said as her hips began to move to the rhythm of her fingers. 

"ohhh gooddd I want you so bad." 

They both began to moan loudly now. Amy somehow hit the speaker button and let the phone fall to the bed next to her. She listened to Becky get louder as she herself cried out in ecstasy as her fingers vibrated over her clit. 

"Ohh FFFFUUUUCKKK" She heard Becky cry out as she obviously began to cum. Suddenly her muscles tightened and she held her breath for only a second as her own orgasm rocked her body. 

*** 

8:00pm 

"So what do you think?" Becky asked. 

Amy was looking out over the dark water next to the Mexican restaurant lit only by the pin points of lights of Portsmouth. The breeze blew over the deck making the candle flicker in a soft glow, making their wine glasses sparkle. Brought back by the question she brought her gaze back to the beautiful blonde woman sitting at her side at their table. She knew she was asking about the restaurant, the food and the setting but her mind was stuck on the bigger picture. She was here tonight, getting lost in those blue eyes that looked back at her lovingly. For the first time in her life, she was on a date with another woman. 

It seemed so strange. Not the flirting with her girl on girl tendencies, no, she had come to accept her attraction to other women. What seemed strange to her was how easy things felt with Becky. They didn't even know one another a week ago, now she was entertaining the possibility of a relationship with her. Maybe, even a love affair. 

"It's beautiful." She finally said as she reached over and placed her hand on top of Becky's. 

Becky took hold of her hand and brought it up to her lips and kissed it softly. As she lingered, Amy glanced out into the main room of the restaurant. It wasn't an overly busy night, but the few other patrons carried on with their own conversations. Of course, there were moments when some of them would look up in their direction. The women didn't acknowledge their intimate dinner as much as some of the stolen views from the men who were hoping to catch a glimpse of something that would validate their suspicions. 

'I don't believe this.' Amy thought to herself. 'I'm on a date...with a woman! Everyone thinks we're girlfriends.' 

"Hey, are you ok?" Becky whispered. 

"What? Oh, yeah I'm fine..I guess." 

"You guess?" Becky asked. 

"Sorry. No. I'm fine it's just..." Amy took a quick sip of her wine as Becky continued to look to her for clarification. 

"Look, I just never...well I've never been on a date with a woman before. I guess I'm just a bit frazzled with people looking at us." 

"Neither have I." Becky said. Amy, surprised by the admission looked into her eyes in disbelief. "I never really wanted to be until I saw you last week." 

"Seriously? I mean, you were sooo into it." Amy said. 

"Well, yeah. But, I've brought drinks to all kinds of women before and never had the reaction I did when you smiled at me." 

"You've got to be kidding me." Amy smirked. 

"I mean it." Becky said. "You looked up at me and I just, well, I remember thinking 'uh oh' and felt butterflies flittering inside me like they were on crack." 

"That's what you did to me." Amy said. 

"I figured if Tani sent you a drink then, maybe..." 

"You're the most beautiful woman I've ever met." Amy said as Becky's soft smile spread across her lips. 

"Same here." 

"That was the wildest night I've ever had." Amy said. 

"Mmnn." Becky sighed as she stared into her wine glass, obviously reminiscing. "Ya know, I kinda liked you watching me get fucked." Becky whispered. 

"So, that was you first time having sex with another woman then?" 

"Now wait, I didn't have sex with Tani." She said as she sipped her drink. 

"Ha, ha. I was the one enjoying the show and it sure looked that way to me." 

"No. Sex is two people, women in this case doing things to each other. All I did was lay back and have things done TO me. She had all the control and the only touching was her on me." 

"Ok, that's a really fine line don't you think?" Amy asked. 

"Maybe, but it's the truth. What happened was I got fucked, and I loved it!" She laughed along with Amy. 

"Well, I'm sorry that I was mistaken." Amy said. "It was your first time being fucked by another woman then." 

"Exactly. Then you and I..." She said through a grin. "You're the first woman I've had sex with." 

"I thought...I thought maybe you were a lesbian." Amy said softly. "I mean you were...god you were amazing." 

"I doubt that, being my first time and all." She smiled. "You on the other hand...holy hell!" 

"Trust me...it was amazing." Amy said as she took her hand again. 

"I couldn't have been your first." 

"Uh, no." Amy grinned. "Just one other though." 

"Seriously?" Beth asked. "You were driving me out of my mind." 

"I was just as into it as you were, and I think you made me feel things I didn't think I could." Amy said. 

Becky looked down in a quiet thought and then raised her eyes to Amy again. "I have never felt like that with anyone before. All I know is I don't want to stop feeling that way. I don't want to sound so intense or anything but, I don't know what's happening to me because I think I'm falling for you...and I mean hard." 

And there it was. The moment arrived where Amy knew how deep this was and how the path looked that was lying out in front of her. If she stayed here, now, in this restaurant with her there would be a good possibility that she wouldn't be able to stop what was happening. She would find herself in her first lesbian relationship. 

'Am I?' She thought to herself, scared of the answer looming deep within herself. Without thinking, she reached up to Becky's soft cheek and drew her closer and kissed her softly. 

"I don't know how far I can let myself go with this." Amy whispered. 

"I understand, really. Hell, I don't know how far I can go with it either." Becky said. "I just needed you to know that...something clicked inside me last week. Something that I'm kinda scared of." 

"I'm scared of what I'm feeling too. I never thought I would find myself here like this." 

"Neither did I." Becky said. "That's why I asked you if you wanted to get together sometime...to see if you are really as amazing as I, well, as amazing as I know you are." 

"Me? No, I'm not amazing at..." 

"Stop it." Becky snapped. "Stop downing yourself. In those few moments between everything last week, when it was us...just us and we talked, laughed and...I don't know, just being ourselves you..." Becky trailed off in thought. 

"What is it?" Amy asked. 

"Look, you're exactly the kind of person I want in my life. You're smart, caring...sexy as all hell and just an amazing person all around." Becky said. "It's the kind of thing you just know...you don't need allot of time to figure out when someone is just the 'right' person for you. You just know. I always figured I would find them, but I never considered that the 'right' person would be a woman." 

'The right woman?' Amy thought herself. She couldn't believe what she was hearing, nor could she believe the effect it was having on her. Becky was describing love at first sight. LOVE. This exploration they were on was on the cusp of discovery and it was happening at a break neck speed. 

"I...I don't know what to say." Amy finally said. 

"I'm sorry." Becky said. "Look, I know that we already...made each other feel reeeaaallly good, but this is actually our first..." 

"Date." Amy finished. 

"Yeah, date, so let's not over thinks this too much. We're into each other, that's for sure, so lets just go with it and see what happens." 

"No." Amy started. "I'm here, on a date with the most intoxicatingly beautiful woman I've ever known, who just happens to be all the things you just described about me and more. Who also thinks I'm someone she could fall for..." 

"Is falling for." Becky corrected with a smile. 

"It doesn't take allot of over thinking, let alone any thought at all to see what's happening, because, I could seriously fall head over heels for you." 

"You don't know how happy I am to hear you say that." Becky said as a slight tear formed in her eyes. 

"I can't believe this is happening." Amy said as she reached up and wiped the tear away as Becky softly kissed the palm of her hand. "But I'm glad it is."