 Hello! This is the second part of my story, I really recommend that you read the first part for context of this second installment. I hope that you all enjoy! I appreciate all comments/suggestions/constructive feedback and love to hear it. Thank you to my editor Azure_skies!

*****

Moving through the crowded club, I had to squeeze past a decent amount of people to reach the woman that had been occupying my mind ever since the first glance. I would have gotten nervous, but the shots and my post orgasm afterglow shoved it back down. Instead, I had the kind of confidence of being satisfied yet hungry for more. As I ducked past people, standard approaches ran through - I could order her a drink, drop a cheesy pick up line to make her laugh, ask her to dance... 

Interrupting my thoughts were the actions of her friends. The couple of guys slipped off towards the dance floor, not before sending a glance my way and a grin hers. The red headed friend who had been right next to her had ordered three shots to be exact. Not to mention, she wasn't sitting next to my girl anymore, but seemed to be in depth while talking to the bartender. This was all too much to be a coincidence, though I'm sure it wasn't a burden for the red head by the way she was chatting up the bartender. 

When I finally approached the object of my orgasm, her eyes were already on mine. I smiled and slid onto the bar stool right next to her, but before I could get a word out with any of the approaches I was thinking of, she passed me one of the shots and grinned widely.

"You sure move fast", I wiggled my eyebrows at her, shooting a suggestive grin back. 

The gorgeous woman laughed, "Figured a drink is always the perfect introduction, Arie." Her eyes glimmered when she said my name. She pronounced it with ease and comfort, like she had said it many times before. I had a flash of it rolling out of her mouth, with me between her legs. Though that thought joined the legion of naughty thoughts that had occupied my mind, especially now that I had approached her.

My eyes had poured over her tall frame when I approached, the way her dress cupped her breasts (lucky, lucky dress), how long and smooth her legs were: the way her calves were pronounced by the pair of heels she was wearing. And then her hair, how full and thick it was. I could imagine my fingers threading through it when I was kissing and tonguing her. The final touches being her eyes, the way they invited me and asked me to take a dip in. Maybe someone who wasn't as observant or as focused as me, would not have seen the slight bite mark on her lip, that maybe she bit it if she was nervous...or turned on.

But, hold up. At the same time as these thoughts, I was floored. How did she know my name? I definitely had never met her before, and I would have remembered it if I did. Anyway, I couldn't let her have the upper hand so easily. I looked down at my top, knowing her eyes would follow mine and land on my cleavage, "Hmmm. No name tag here, and I would have definitely remembered if I had met you before." I let my eyes linger noticeably up and down her body, in the kind of way that makes someone blush - not because you don't know what they're thinking, but because you know exactly what they're thinking... "How'd you know my name?" 

She leaned toward me, her cheeks a slight tinge of adorable pink underneath the mocha colored skin and masked behind a smirk. Her shoulder playfully nudged against me, as she shrugged off my look and landed the first touch at the same time, "I have my ways Arie." 

If shoulders could become flushed, mine would be after having felt her skin against mine. I searched the possibilities, wondering if she had approached Gina or Kat while I had been in the bathroom... or maybe asked one of the bartenders who know my friends and I as regulars. That could wait though, for now, I was captivated by soft deep brown eyes that were focused on me - lucky me. 

Lifting up the shot glass, I clinked it with hers, "For you and your ways", I grinned and we both knocked back the shots. "Though, I think it's time for me to use one of my ways to find out your name..." She laughed and waved her hand at my challenge, "Alright, show me what you've got!"

Her laugh was just as entrancing as every other part of her. I tried to maintain a serious face though, when I tilted my head so that my lips were a few breaths away from her ear. Part of me wanted to change the mood and whisper something else in her ear as she quieted down, whispered that she was fucking beautiful, or that I had touched myself while thinking about her within the same hour as catching sight of her. Instead, I went with my original plan to try and hear some of that bubbly laughter, "My way of finding out your name is something you'd never guess, and it always works... First, I begin by asking..." My voice dropped down another level, "What's your name?" 

For a moment, she stayed quiet, and then I was rewarded with a burst of laughter at my silliness, "That doesn't even count as your way, anybody could have done that!"

I just stayed on with the act, trying to fight down the smile, which was impossible around her, "Well, what is it?" 

She shook her head and grinned, "Maybe because you're cute, but I guess I'll let you get away with a cop out... this time. My name is Nisha." 

"Nisha", I repeated under my breath, trying out the name. She smirked, "Rolls right off your tongue". 

This cheeky woman was trying to get a rise out of me, little did she know she had me all the way up the ceiling without even lifting up a finger. I just shook my head and laughed throatily, "Well, I mean, sure I could use more practice saying it. I'll start practicing now - Nisha, would you like to dance?" My hand found her way to her arm, lightly resting there. 

A coy expression filled her face, as her fingertips found my hand and curled around mine, "Only if you're dancing with me." The tingle that ran from my fingers spreading throughout my body, almost made me shiver, just with that one touch. I could already tell that this woman was special, she was going to leave a mark on me for sure...preferably a few...preferably everywhere. 

I let my face form a wicked grin as I got up from the bar stool, my fingers tugging her curled fingers lightly, "Wouldn't have it any other way. Unless you were dancing for me." 

Nisha slipped one leg off the barstool, her legs long enough to reach the ground, and locked eyes with me, "Oh you're bad, Arie..." my name rolled off of her tongue in a smooth low voice; I noticed that her eyes had darkened. "I can already tell you're going to be trouble..." She slipped her other leg off of the bar stool, holding the hem of her dress from riding up and revealing more of her delicious mocha skin, and I glanced back up at her face to find a smirk playing there. She had seen how I was looking at her, and liked it.

I couldn't stop the goose bumps, from her words, her voice, her body... the small touches. Grasping Nisha's hand fully, I led us to the dance floor, not responding to her words yet, except for the bite on my lip. Turning around to sink back into those eyes for a moment before our cheeks pressed together, hand placed on her hip, I leaned up and let my lips brush over her lobe, solely for the purpose of her hearing me of course, "Takes trouble to know trouble". 

Her eyes glimmered beneath the flashing lights of the dance floor and her cheek rubbed against mine as she tilted down as well, "Trouble has its ways", she grinned softly into my ear. 

I shook my head and smiled, I had a feeling she had a lot of ways and a lot of layers. The more I was getting to know her, the more I wanted to know. But now wasn't exactly the time for verbally talking. And with that, my hands looped around her neck, her own hands on my waist - and we started to pay attention the music that everyone else was dancing to. It was one of those rhythms where the beat is strong and seductive, moving you to roll your hips with every beat. The both of us had just enough alcohol to loosen our inhibitions to not worry about how you dance with someone new - about if it's too much or too little... We danced how we wanted to with each other, how we craved to.

Our hips rolled into each other, our cheeks no longer pressed against each other as I looked up into her eyes and she looked down into mine. My earlier bathroom visit felt like a dream compared to the urgency that was building up again. Her thigh had nudged its way between my legs before I could know it. I felt the heat of her body and energy radiating underneath her skin as we moved together. It was enough to make a girl go crazy. Fuck it, it did make me go crazy. Our hands roamed over each other and her hands found their way to my ass. She gripped it and pulled me to her. One of my hands was still hanging around her neck and the other was exploring all of the curves I could reach, some though not an option as we were pressed too close for anything but our clothes to be between us. 

It's always the anticipation. The anticipation of the next move, the next touch, the way it hurts so good. Our cheeks were flamed and it wasn't from the alcohol. Nisha's eyes bore into mine, and our lips were just a breath apart from each other. I could hear and feel her shallow breath against mine. 

We were close enough to hear each other despite the loud music. She murmured out, her voice raspy, "Do you know...?" She wanted me to ask what she meant, she purposefully was making me ask for it. 

"Do I know what Nisha?" My voice was thick with arousal in response to hers, as I decided to indulge her. I felt her thigh push more firmly against me, and I pressed myself against her. The song was faster now, which made us writhe faster on the dance floor. 

Our lips were now a hair's width apart, so close they were almost touching but the tiniest bit so that they weren't. Her eyes were dark and wicked when she answered my question, "How much I want..." Nisha had paused to make me wait, but I turned the tables on her. My hands found hers on my ass and moved them to my hips. I turned around to press my ass into her, the whole of my backside pressing into her. I could feel her stiff nipples underneath the material of her dress, pressing into the skin that my halter top didn't cover. 

Possibly because my ass was pressed against her upper thighs, Nisha's next words came out strangled, as she lost her train of thought, "You are really, really bad." My head was a swirling fog of lust as I felt her body against mine and the way her voice sounded. The way I had made her voice sound. Her hand found my hands and pulled them back, squeezing them softly, as she nudged my head slightly down with her lips. I felt her curly hair tickle my bare shoulders, as she traced a pathway with her tongue over the nape of my neck. A moan escaped my lips before I could help it. Though, the music was too loud for her to hear it, she could feel my body exhale it. And then Nisha purred into my ear, nipping it softly, "You know, it's rude to interrupt someone when they are trying to say something." 

I grinned despite my ragged breathing and the fact that her ministrations and words made me wetter than I had been in the bathroom touching myself. I tipped my head back and mouthed a " Sorry", also an excuse to look at her enchanting eyes. The fact that this specific woman was pressed up against me, licking and biting some of my most sensitive spots, making my body feel things that it hadn't for months, was overwhelming. I couldn't stand it anymore, and I don't think Nisha could either from the way I felt her body tensed up and pressing into mine. Curling her arm around my waist, she wrapped a tight tender hug, her chin on my shoulder. It felt oddly sweet and safe despite the fact that we had only met this night. Screw stranger danger. With that, she stepped away and grabbed my hand, leading me off the dance floor, away from the flashing lights and to a darker side of the room. 

I pressed her back against the wall as my body settled between her long smooth legs perfectly. Nisha's body felt as hot as my own; I could feel us slipping against each other as I rested between her strong thick legs. One of my hands was clasped to her hand, the other was cupping her cheek as I pressed my first kisses onto her soft skin. She smelt wonderful - her perfume, her arousal, and the shots we had taken. My nose traced over her cheek as I pressed those kisses along the edge of her jaw. 

Her head was tilted back, eyes closed, a smile on her face as I just kissed over her cheeks again and again. Nisha looked so beautiful, long lashes, her curly hair thick and beautiful - breasts pressed up against me - just as full as I had imagined. Without realizing it, I had stopped kissing her skin because I was too busy looking. She opened her eyes, looking into my green ones, her fingers threading through my hair. 

I could feel her breath against my skin as she murmured out, "I didn't want to share our first kiss in front of everyone... You should know, I can be kind of selfish sometimes." I couldn't help but grin, Nisha's cheeks were tinged pink with her admission, her voice rising with cute embarrassment, "I mean I just thought that -" 

And once again, I was rude, and interrupted a woman who I couldn't take my mind off of since the first moment I saw her. When our lips met, it was off center and a little rough since she was mid sentence. In an instant, it turned into something softer, a liquid heat that ran through the course of my body. Her hand tangled in my hair, tugged me closer. I hooked an arm around her neck, going up on my toes to press my whole body into this kiss that lit a bonfire throughout my whole body. Liquid heat with the kisses, and liquid heat between my legs. 

On the other hand, I wasn't alone. I was swallowing Nisha's moans and could feel her slick thighs. her dress was hiked up because I was pressing between her legs with my body. And of course, the friction of our bodies didn't help. It was a messy deep kiss that makes whatever you're wearing disheveled, smears your lipstick, and makes you damp everywhere (extremely wet in one exact place). Her other hand which had been clasped in mine, moved back to my ass as she squeezed me firmly against her. The kiss turned into something more urgent and ravenous. Nisha's teeth bit and nibbled my lips, making me whimper and glad that she was pressing me to her because I wasn't just weak in the knees but all over. 

Between the breaths for air, Nisha let out a ragged moan, "Actually, you can interrupt me if this is what happens after." 

Her words made me choke out a laugh even during our intense body contact. This woman, she's more than what meets the eye (which is a damn lot). My head had tilted in a shake of amusement, which had me making eye contact with other captivating things: her cleavage.

I had to get my hands on those full mounds that I had been staring at throughout the night. I made enough space between us so that I could cup them, squeeze them. It elicited a shiver from her and a sharp want for me. I wanted my mouth on them but this wasn't the place for that. Making out at a club is something that I can do shamelessly but I didn't want to share her cleavage with anyone else. My lips parted as I pressed my thumb over her dress where her nipple was. I pushed it back and forth entranced, when her tongue found an opportunity to slip into my mouth. Nisha started licking and exploring my mouth.

Our hips were rocking against each other as I writhed between her thighs. I wanted to get as close to her as possible. Her hands found mine and she clasped mine, pushing them behind my back as she pressed her body back to mine. So there we were, the two of us, rubbing up against each other without even our hands holding us to each other. My thighs were slightly sticky and my panties were completely soaked. Better yet, I could feel her juices near the top of her inner thighs - that's how wide spread her legs were. 

And then I broke the kiss, the pulsing heat between my legs, how wet I was, how wet she made me told me that I needed to ask her to come home with me tonight. I know I've had a few one night stands since the breakup, but this one was different. It was going to be more than just a hookup. She was special. 

Both of us were panting and looking at each other, cheeks flushed, mine probably even redder because of my light skin. I had to clear my voice even before talking, and still it came out raspy from the effects of making out with her, "Nisha... we could keep at this for hours in here," my fingers threaded through hers, "or we could go back to my place and enjoy a wonderfully comfortable bed and actually be alone together." 

I knew, I just knew that Nisha wouldn't be able to say no, so far we had been on the same wavelength about everything. I was completely confident... and I guess that was a mistake, because the expression on her face was unreadable and her words were rushed. And her hands let go of mine. 

I got incredibly nervous and wanted to give her some space, which made her stand up straighter. Her eyes looked away from mine, "I'm sorry... I don't think I can do this. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lead you on but I just can't be another one night stand for you Arie. And there's things I should have told you..." She stepped away from me, and before I knew it, she walked away. 

Nisha was agile and fast. As I started to call out her name, she slipped between the gaps of people after I had only taken a few steps. I was in shock. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. The chances of finding her would be slim to none considering she would probably be on the other side of the dance floor by now. But that doesn't mean I wasn't going to try. How had this gotten out of hand so fast? One minute we were hot and heavy.. the next few minutes later, I was alone and confused, without any means of contacting her. 

I made my way back towards the other side, where the bar was as well, rejoining Gina who had just come off of the dance floor with Kat and the rest of our friends. Gina, like I said, had great powers of observation. 

"Arie! Is everything okay...? I know you and that girl were getting along pretty well, but I just saw her practically running out with a few of her friends, what's going on?" G's face was concerned and her arm slipped around my shoulders. 

"Wait... you don't know her name? She didn't come ask you mine? And G... I have no idea what happened... One minute it was great, the next when I had asked her to come home with me - she bolted. She said she should have told me some things, not to mention I don't have any idea of how she knew my name." I was shocked, confused, not heartbroken (I mean, I only just met this girl) but definitely hurt. I continued, "She could have just said no, I don't understand why she bolted... I don't even have her number."

Kat piped in, "Maybe she was scared? I mean a few people know that you've been hooking up lately Arie, maybe she's not that type." 

I shook my head, "But I've never seen her around here before." 

Gina, my best friend, gave me a tight hug around the waist and just shook her head as well, "I don't know. Maybe one of the bartenders told her... But, I guess we won't know since you didn't get her number. Maybe we'll see her around here again. Anyway for now, there's nothing you can do about it, except to say that you didn't do anything wrong, there are just too many uncertainties about the situation." 

Sighing, I hung my head in defeat. She was right. Just like that saying, change the things you can and accept the things you can't or blah blah blah. Go home in a state of arousal, eat some cookies and ice cream to cool off, and take care of things for yourself. Which is just what I ended up doing. 
