 Thanks to all my faithful readers for waiting so long for my new story. It was a bit lengthy, so I split it into three chapters. I hope you all love this story. It took me a very long time to write. I would like to thank my editor for his patient editing and his helpful hints. Enjoy. 

*

Elise looked at me while I drove. Every time I looked back at her, she just smiled. I parked the car in front of my parents' house and turned to face her.

"You have been watching me the whole way." I stared into her cerulean eyes, getting lost in a sea of blue once more.

"I just love to look at you. You are so sexy... and sweet... and cute... and gorgeous... and handsome. How many times have I told you that I love you?" Elise put her hand on my leg, still gazing into my eyes.

"You've told me at least five times since yesterday and I will never get tired of hearing it, or saying it to you, either, because I know we both mean it." I put one hand on hers where she touched my leg and my other behind her neck, to pull her to me for a passionate kiss.

"I love you," we both said at the same time then kissed again.

We got out of the car and walked hand in hand into the house. The house was quiet, so I led Elise through the house and out the back by the pool. My parents were having drinks. They talked and laughed about my childhood days.

My father is a big man: wide chest, broad shoulders, muscular arms and legs, slightly flabby stomach and of course... tall, dark and handsome as my mother always says. His dark hair is only starting to show a little grey now. His face has the telltale signs of laughter lines next to his brown eyes. He has thin lips and a slightly square jaw line. I got my height from my father.

My mother fits right under his arm. She has a thin build body like me. She is very fit for her age. I got my straight blond hair from my mother. She has colour-changing eyes depending on what mood she is in or what colour she is wearing. Her lips are rich and full with a U-shaped jaw line. She also has laughter lines like my father, indicating that they live a happy life together. Except for my square jaw line and my eye colour, I look a lot more like my mother than my father.

"Please don't tell me you're laughing about my childhood sillies again," I requested as Elise and I walked toward them.

"Oh, the girls are here," my mother said. She jumped to her feet.

"Hi Mom, this is Elise my girlfriend. Elise, this is my mother, Vanessa." My Dad stood up and joined us.

"Hi my girl, how are you?" he asked as he swept me off my feet into a loving bear hug.

"Hi Dad, I'm great. This is Elise. This is my Dad, Anthony." I introduced them to each other.

"It's a pleasure to finally meet you, my dear." My parents each gave Elise a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

She froze briefly when my parents hugged her instead of shaking her hand and then leaned into the hug.

"It's great to meet you. I've heard a lot about you," Elise said. She snuggled under my arm and cupped one of my ass cheeks for comfort.

Elise has always been a bit scared and shy when meeting new people. Over the past ten months of our relationship, I had taken over the role of being her rock and protector. To my surprise she didn't seem at all scared or shy around my parents. She was calm and her usual bubbly self, the same as when she was with me. We sat down and had a drink while my parents and Elise got a little better acquainted.

"Honey, I will be right back." I kissed her on the lips and went into the house. I stood at the door for a moment and watched her with my parents. They seemed to like her a lot. I headed back to the car to get her bag and the box of toys that I had hidden the day before.

"Shannon, I want to talk to you about something," my Dad called out to me.

"What do you want to talk about Dad?" I waited for him to catch up to me. He took Elise's bag from me.

"Well, it's about Elise's birthday gift. Your mother and I are sponsoring a scholarship for her. Do you know where she wants to go for further studies?" he asked while we walked toward the pool house.

"That's very thoughtful of you and Mom. Elise will be very happy. She told me that she wants to study at the college here in town to be close to me. I think it's TUT, if I'm not mistaken." I opened the door to the pool house and gasped.

It was furnished with modern furniture but looked cosy and homey. There was a table standing in the kitchen set for two with candles and flowers: Lilac and Dahlias. Next to the table stood an ice bucket with a bottle of white wine in it.

To my right, next to the home theatre system stood a CD of love songs. On the kitchen counter was an envelope, a package and a small box. The envelope I guessed was the scholarship offer from my parents. The package and small box were gifts from me. I bought an engagement ring the last weekend I was here. The package was a book I had made up of all the poems Elise had written for me.

"Dad, this is breathtaking, thank you." I threw my arms around him and kissed him on the cheek.

"It was nothing, my girl." He returned my hug.

"Did you really do all this by yourself?" I asked him, looking around the pool house.

"Well, I didn't get your mother with only my smarts and good looks. I do have good taste too." He kissed me on the forehead and gave me Elise's bag.

"Dad, what do you think of Elise? Do you think it's too early to do this?" I asked in with a serious tone. I knew and trusted that he would tell me the truth of what he thought.

"I think she's a keeper, marriage material. I can see that she really does love you. If this feels right to you and you are happy, then you should go for it."

My father released me and left. I headed toward the bedroom to put the bag and box away. There were rose petals all over the bed, fragrant candles everywhere next to the bed. I put everything down then headed back to join everyone for lunch. I grabbed the envelope, package and little box on my way out. I stuffed the little box in my pocket to hide it.

I planned all this weeks ago. I think that her birthday is the perfect opportunity. The pool house had to be finished and I had a little shopping to do. It wasn't easy to do because I let Elise read my mail for me whenever I was busy. Letting her read my credit card statement would have been a real party pooper. She would have seen the ring purchase.

We had lunch inside the house while my parents told Elise about all my and my late brother's childhood silliness. After a few glasses of wine we continued our banter outside by the pool. There were six chairs... but Elise chose to sit on my lap. I could see the curiosity in her eyes when she saw the envelope and package in my hands. I passed her a grin then looked at my parents. They nodded for me to go ahead. I handed Elise the envelope first.

"What is this Shannon?" she asked, staring at it.

"That Honey, is your birthday gift from my parents." She tore it open, pulled out the papers and read them. She jumped to her feet in excitement. My parents, of course, knew what was coming and stood up, preparing to be jumped.

"Oh my God, it's a... scholarship... fully paid." Elise jumped into their arms and wrapped her arms around both of them. The three of them almost tumbled into the pool.

"Oh thank you, thank you and thank you. How can I ever repay you?" She released them and looked at the papers again with bewilderment showing on her sweet features.

"Ah, it was nothing at all. We didn't know what to get you, so we just decided to help you with any further studies." My mother gave Elise another hug. Elise turned around and set the papers down on the table with a big smile. I handed Elise my package next.

"This is one of two gifts from me. It took me a while but I got it done in time with some help from my publisher." I looked at my father. She looked at my father while opening the package, to reveal a hard copy collection of all the poems she wrote for me. The hard cover was protected by a proper dust jacket. The cover read: Love Poems written by Elise Benson.

"It's just a rough copy for now. Read the introduction page." She paged back after reading the first page, which had the first poem she wrote me on it. I had it dedicated to me.

"It's a poem dedicated to me... written by you." She read it out loud with tears streaming down her cheeks.

"You're the one

By Shannon Grey

You made my heart skip ten beats at first sight.

You're the one.

You made my knees go weak with our first kiss.

You're the one.

You have made me happier than I could ever be.

You're the one.

You drive me totally insane with her love.

You're the one.

You glued my shattered soul back together.

You're the one.

You mended my broken heart with patience.

You're the one.

You made my life complete by being mine.

You're the one."

Elise and my mother were both wiping tears from their cheeks. Elise looked at me with her loving cerulean blues.

"Okay, now... before you jump my bones in front of my parents, Honey, could you please remove the dust jacket from the book and read what the hard cover says out loud?" I asked her. I felt my nerves on the brink of collapsing.

She did as I asked. I could feel the warm afternoon sun baking my skin. My heart raced in my chest. I could hear my blood beating in my ears, sounding like drums. I felt the shakes take over my body and sweat trickle over my skin.

"Love Poems written by Elise..." She froze, gasping for air. "Benson-Grey..." Elise lowered the book slowly. She found me in front of her on one knee, holding the little box open toward her. Elise clutched the book to her heart and swallowed at a hard lump in her throat.

"Will you marry me Elise Benson?" I held my breath. My mother cried as she watched the two of us. I truly didn't have a clue what her answer might be. A sense of fear had its evil clutches around my heart and lungs. She might say no.

"Oh, Shannon... I... I... I..." The young woman couldn't speak. She frantically wiped at the tears in her eyes. I got to my feet and embraced her.

Elise buried her face in my breasts until she stopped crying. She looked up into my eyes and held her left hand out toward me. I put the ring on her finger as she spoke. "You sure know how to leave a girl breathless and snickering out of pure joy." I cupped her face in my large hands and kissed her hungrily. "Yes, Shannon, I will marry you," she beamed, finally.

We kissed again and held each other close. I started crying when I heard those words. My father smiled and his eyes glistened. My mother snickered more than the two of us were.

"I'm so sorry, Honey. I didn't mean to overwhelm you like that." I bowed my head down, lowering my lips to her ears.

"I'm really starting to think that I'm bad for you. First I make you pass out, then I make you see your future in my eyes and then I make you cry. This is becoming a habit with the two of us."

Elise blushed wildly and looked around to see if anyone heard what I had said. I bent down, wrapped my arms around her legs under her ass and picked her up into the air. Elise cupped my face and kissed me passionately, her blue eyes turned violet. A while after the excitement died down, my parents decided to go out for a movie and dinner, maybe even a pool game and drinks afterward. So we were going to be all alone until late. I told them we would join them for a pool game later on. I took Elise to see the horses at the stables.

"They sure are beautiful animals, aren't they?" Elise watched as I fed the horses. She had a dreamy look on her face.

"Yes, they truly are beautiful. Would you like to see my horse and maybe go for a ride?" I asked.

"Oh, I would love to, my Angel." I walked out the stable with two halves of an apple in my hand, Elise in tow.

"He loves to be outside at this time of day." I whistled loudly. I could hear my whistle cascade off the mountains and echo in the valley. I heard the familiar gallop and whinny as my horse came trotting to me from the distance.

My stallion trotted around me: a black stallion with a white splash on his side that looks like a thunderbolt. He stood in front of me, nudged me with his nose and flapped his lips against my face as if giving me a kiss. I rubbed him on the nose and on the side of his neck.

"This is Thunderbolt, my stallion." I looked Thunderbolt in the eyes. "Thunderbolt, this is Elise, say hi." As if understanding me, he flapped his lips against Elise's face, giving her a kiss. "Good boy, here's an apple."

"He is a very clever animal. Did you teach him to do that?" Elise rubbed his neck.

"What... to kiss?" Elise nodded her answer. "Thunderbolt has been doing that to everyone he likes since he was born. If he doesn't like you, he kicks you in the shin like he did to my ex." Thunderbolt shook his head, snorted and kicked his hoof against the ground. "He knows we're talking about her. Watch what he does next. Thunderbolt, did you like Charlotte?" The horse shook his head and snorted. "Thunderbolt, do you like Elise?" He nodded his head and flapped his lips against Elise's face. "Good boy, here's another apple."

"Good boy, I like you too. You really are a handsome fellow," Elise said to him. He stood back on his hind legs, kicked his front legs in the air and whinnied.

"You just made his day. Let me get the saddle and my .22. Then we can go for a ride. Thunderbolt you keep Elise entertained." I turned and went to the stables.

It was late afternoon already. The sun was close to the mountains in the west. When I returned, Elise was sitting on the fence watching Thunderbolt gallop and trot around.

"I see you're showing off again. Watch it Thunderbolt, this lady is mine. You have your lady in the stable." He lowered his head and snorted at me. "Don't challenge me; you'll lose. I'll just tell Spirit you're flirting with my woman. I don't think you would like a pregnant mare on your case."

Thunderbolt shook his head then carried on trotting about. I sat beside Elise on the fence and watched him for a bit. "You two understand each other very well. How old is he?" Elise put her hand on my leg.

"He is twelve years old now. I had to feed him with a bottle when he was born. His mother didn't make it through the night; she was really sick and weak. The vet still doesn't know what was wrong with her. We think she was poisoned but we still can't prove it."

"That's very sad and wrong." I jumped off the fence to saddle Thunderbolt.

"Come on, let's ride." I helped Elise off the fence. Elise sat behind me on Thunderbolt as we showed her the valley and the stream. It all looked like something out of a dream or painting. The valley looked like a giant canvas hung on a wall.

We stood next to the stream, watched the sunset behind the mountains then returned home for dinner. My mother cooked us a light dinner before they left. I stopped outside the door of the pool house and turned to face my love.

"Would you wait here a minute, please? I just want to do something before you see the place." I kissed her on the cheek and left her outside wondering. A minute later I returned.

"What are you up to Shannon?" Elise looked at me with a smug smile growing on her luscious lips. I gave her a lopsided smile and wiggled my eyebrows.

"You'll see in a second. Close your eyes." I kissed her on the lips then waved my hands in front of her eyes. I took her hands in mine and led her inside the pool house. I let her hands go and switched on the music.

I led her to the table and helped her sit down. Going to the kitchen, I took the food, placed it on the table and removed the lids. "Okay... you can open your eyes now, Honey," I said as I took a seat next to her.

"Wow... my Angel... this is beautiful." She looked around the open plan living room, dinning room and kitchen.

"Yes, it is. My father has great taste. He went and bought everything the pool house needed with my earnings from my book."

"He certainly does have good taste. I love it."

Elise and I fed each other playfully then sat beside the pool and drank our wine. After a few glasses of wine we were in the pool. We chased each other around naked. It was already dark out and the stars were sparkling brightly above us. We sat on the stairs in the water facing each other. Elise had her arms and legs around my torso. She kissed me all over my face. I could feel my core throbbing for release. I stood up with her in my arms and walked to the pool house, both of us still naked.

I placed her gently on the bed. I settled on top of her. Our mouths devoured each other. We rocked our hips, rubbing our mounds together. I raised one leg under one of hers then sat up. I pulled her up with me. She figured out what I was up to and adjusted her lower body as I was doing. We pressed our pussies together in a tribbing position. We slowly rubbed our clits together. The short bolts of electricity shot through both our bodies as we kissed. Our hard sensitive nipples rubbed against each other. Ripples of pleasure travelled to our cores.

In a few minutes our bodies trembled with short blasts of orgasm, shooting in all directions. I broke our kiss, stared into her eyes, lovingly, as we both stopped, breathless. I leaned to the bedside table and opened the box of toys. Elise helped me strap the harness on and attached one of the toys. She lay back down on her back as I settled between her legs. I spread her labia with my fingers and dove in with my tongue, wasting no time.

"Mmmmm, yes, Shannon... God I love how you do that," Elise purred her delight. She bucked her hips against my face.

Her words of pleasure got my core hot and wet, the little nub on the back of the base rubbed against my clit as I moved against the bed.

"Mmmmm, you taste so sweet," I moaned into Elise's hot and eager pussy.

I felt her tangle her hand in my short blond hair. She pushed my face harder into her. I slid two fingers inside her tunnel and flicked her clit with my tongue. Elise gasped and arched her back. She tilted her head back. Her chest rose and fell, as her breathing sped up. I snaked my free hand up her stomach to her breasts and pinched her nipples lightly. I then took her clit between my lips and sucked gently.

"Oh, fuck," Elise mouthed the words as she looked back down at me. Our eyes connected, her bright blue eyes slowly turned violet again. I pumped my fingers in and out of her core, brushing my fingertips against her G-spot with every thrust. I felt her walls grip my fingers. She pulled me up for a passionate and hungry kiss. Elise pushed me onto my back and gently settled her core over the phallus. I looked at her, amazed at how easily the toy slid into her.

"Oh..." Elise exclaimed and leaned forward to kiss me.

She straddled my hips and placed her hands on my breasts. She rolled my nipples between her fingertips. I put my hands on her breasts and pinched her nipples softly. We moaned and grunted in unison. We felt the different sparks our ministrations created. Elise tilted her head back. She rode the phallus inside of her. Her movements made the little nub rub against my clit. I softly trailed my fingertips down her body to her hips. I cupped her ass in my large hands.

"Ah... ah... ooohhh..." Elise exclaimed. I felt her core grip the phallus. My own core gripped at air as I watched Elise ride me.

"Ooohhh Elise," I said, gritting my teeth. Watching Elise sent fireworks shooting throughout my body.

"Fuck... Shannon..." Elise screamed my name on her release. She looked lovingly down into my eyes.

I watched her in the throes of our passion as her orgasm crashed into her wave after wave, setting off my own orgasm at the same time. She rode the phallus until she collapsed into my arms, panting heavily.

"That was the first time you screamed your release," I said, breathless. I trailed my hands up and down Elise's back.
