 I really wasn't expecting her home so soon. She had a night class and it was at least an hour before it was supposed to let out. I was in the bedroom folding laundry when I heard the door slam. 

"Honey? Is that you?" I called.

No answer.

I turned around just it time to see her hurry into the bedroom.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

She grinned faintly and grabbed me by the waist, pushing me forcefully onto the bed. 

"Oh, . . . okay." I said with a smile.

She started kissing me passionately and her hands were instantly clawing at my breasts. In no time she had my shirt over my head and my mangled bra lying on the floor. I returned the favor by eagerly removing her top and diving for her tits.

"Oh no," she said, shaking her head while she pinned my arms down above me with one hand. 

I smiled; I knew this game. She bent down and clamped her mouth over my breast. She rubbed her tongue roughly over my hard nipple before she bit down and making me cry out. She sucked hard, while I squirmed in vain, clutching the pillows with all my might. She used her free hand to unbutton my pants and rub her hand over my soaked panties. 

"Someone's enjoying this," she said coyly.

I merely groaned my agreement.

She smiled and roughly pulled off my pants and underwear. She then went to work on my other nipple and pushed two fingers in my pussy.

"OH GOD!" I cried as she pushed in faster. 

She released my hands and I took my cue to grab her hair and push her head down to my throbbing cunt. She dove in, madly licking at my clit and shoving her fingers in deeply.

"Oh yeah, oh my god, baby that feels so good!" I cried.

She pulled her fingers out of pussy and replaced them with her thumb as she slid a slick finger in my ass and began to pound me in both holes and suck hard on my clit.

"OH YEAH BABY, FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!" I screamed.

She was slamming my cunt and ass with her hand and madly lick and biting at my clit as I clawed the bed wildly.

"OH YEAH! . . OH GOD! . . OH BABY! . . YEAH . OHHHYYEAAHHHHHHHHH!"

I came with a vengeance. Every muscle in my body clenched and relaxed at the same time and I'm fairly sure I ripped a hole in sheets. She pulled her fingers out of me and allowed me to calm down while she poked her tongue inside me, licking up my juices.

She crawled back up the bed and curled up next to me with a smug smile on her face. I let her lie there victoriously for about 15 seconds before I rolled over on top of her. I got on my knees and straddled her, pinning both of her arms above her head.

"So," I said, "you think you?re pretty smart, don't you?"

She just smiled.

"Well, we'll see about that," I whispered in her ear as I leaned down to pick up a pair of pantyhose out of the scattered pile of clothes.

I sat up and quickly tied her hands together with the pantyhose. I was going to enjoy this. I leaned down on top of her and began lightly tracing the outside of her ear. I made soft barely audible moans in her ear while she squirmed underneath me. 

I let my tongue trail softly down her neck and run lightly over her nipple, teasing her while tried in vain to press her breast into my face. I chuckled softly as I returned to my path and let my tongue glide over her stomach down to her waist. I stopped to remove her pants and then bent back down to nibble lightly on her swollen outer lips.

"oh god . . . please," she whispered.

I grinned as I pulled away from her mound and began tracing my tongue down her inner thigh. I wandered all the way down to her ankle and began lightly licking circles around and in between her toes. One at a time, I placed each toe in my mouth and sucked them for an eternity. When her soft moans became tinted with pleading, I bolted back up to her face and kissed her roughly. I grabbed one of the nipples and pinched as hard as I could. I continued the torture as I bit her neck and worked my hungry mouth down to the tender bud. I sucked it in as hard as I could and began biting it forcefully. 

"OH GOD HONEY!" she cried.

I pushed my hand down between her legs and pinched her clit. She arched her back and began pressing herself against my hand. I slid two fingers in her aching cunt and began to jam them inside of her. She was bucking wildly beneath me now, so I pushed myself down and dove into her dripping pussy. "OH FUCK BABY! . . YES!"

I sucked and licked her clit like a madwoman and slipped a finger in her ass. Her legs were trembling and she squirming violently on the bed. She apparently broke free from her nylon bonds because all of the sudden I felt her sharp nails digging into my free arm. This just made me go at all with all the more enthusiasm. 

"OH GOD . . . HARDER. . . YEAH! . . FUCK ME BABY" she grunted.

She sat up and grabbed my hair, pressing my mouth into her cunt and grinding her hips against my face. I felt her muscles tighten as her grip grew stronger and I knew she was close. I pushed in with all my strength and bit down on her clit.

"OH SHIT! YYYEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!"

I felt her pussy contract as she fell back onto the bed thrashed around wildly. When she finally slowed down, I pulled my fingers out of her and I slid my tongue down her slit and ran my tongue around her anus as she caught her breath. 

I cuddled up next to her as we basked in the glow of our orgasms. After a few minutes she turned her face toward me and gave me a small kiss.

"Honey, could you get me a glass of water?" she asked.

"Sure thing sweetie," I said as I padded off to the kitchen.

I was just closing the door to the refrigerator when I felt her hands grab my shoulders. She spun me around and kissed me deeply. As she pressed against me, I could feel that she had cleverly put on the strap-on and I knew exactly what she meant to do with it.

She took the water from my hand and placed it on the counter as she pushed me back toward the kitchen table. She placed her hand on my chest and gently pushed me backwards onto the table. 

She stood in between my legs and began to tease me with the tip of the rubber cock. I moved my hips, trying to force the head against my clit.

"What's the matter honey?" 

I knew what she wanted. She wanted me to beg for it. But it was going to take more than that. I just looked her in the eye and continued moving my cunt around the strap-on. She picked up one of my legs and put it over her shoulder and ran the dildo back and forth between my clit and my anus. Then she leaned down and began to whisper in my ear.

"What is it baby? Do you want this? Do you want me to fuck you with this big cock? Do you want to feel this inside of you? Huh? Is that what you want?"

That's all it took. As soon as she started talking my eyes rolled back into my head and I knew I was her toy.

"Oh baby, fuck me . . . come on," I breathed.

"What do you say?" she teased.

Oh baby, PLEASE . . . PLEASE FUCK ME NOW? I pleaded.

Satisfied in her victory, she pushed the thick rubber cock inside me.

"Ohhhhhh yeaahhhhh," I moaned.

"You like that don't you?" she said as she pumped a little faster.

"Yeah I do baby, that's just how I like it."

She pushed in harder and I grasped the sides of the table as I bucked to meet her thrusts. 

"OH YEAH BABY . . . FASTER . . . HARDER BABY . . .FUCK ME," I cried.

She leaned down on top of me and grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled my head back as she slammed into me as hard as she could. I could feel the rubber dick jamming my insides and I dug my nails into her back.

"Come on baby, fuck it," she whispered, "that?s right honey, take it all."

Her dirty talk was driving me over the edge and as she pumped faster and faster I felt my brain explode and I screamed so loud I thought the windows would break. 

"OH GOD YEEAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!"

I convulsed like crazy against the table and ran my nails down her back so hard it left bright red gashes in her flesh. 

She pulled out of me and stepped out the harness to join me on the table. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in close.

"Hi honey, how was class?" I said with a delirious grin.