 ***Everyone in this story is 18 years of age or older so when I use teen or teenager I'm talking about someone 18 or 19. And yes this is a true story.

Please enjoy!!*** Editor : Bigg_Mike

*

It's been almost three months since my family moved from Rochester, New York to Durham, North Carolina; and it has been hard on everyone... especially for me. I was a quiet girl that didn't get into much trouble and kept to myself. All of that was about to change.*

My name is Jennifer Coles. I live with my mother and my two sisters, Kayla and Jessica (our father was never in our lives really). I'm 5'8" tall with an athletic build, long dark brown hair, baby face, 36 D tits, and a nice firm ass, or so I've been told. But I'm also a virgin lesbian. I'm not only a virgin with other women but with men as well. And no, I'm not saving myself for marriage or anything. I just haven't found the right person that could love, hold, control, or fuck me just yet. But enough about me, here's my story.

I was walking in the hallway of my new school and accidentally bumped into Ashley. She's the head cheerleader and the "Top" bitch at the school. Ashley is between 5'7" and 5'8" tall. She has really long blonde hair, a slim build, about 38 C tits, I think, and a cute little ass. She was always getting what she wanted from any and everyone, mostly because they were scared of her and she is very attractive. She's like the younger version of Megan Fox.

"Watch where you're going, you almost knocked me over, you dumb ass!"

"Oh I'm... I'm sorry, Ashley. I didn't see you there."

"Next time stop staring at my tits and you will be able to see." Her friends all giggled and she had a evil smile on her face.

"I... I wasn't staring ", I stuttered.

"Really? Why not, are they not good enough for you?" she asked playing hurt.

"No, they're good enough. I mean they're not bad but I wasn't looking at them, that's all." I just wanted this to be over, "Look, I'm sorry for bumping into you, but I have to go." With that I quickly walked away from their smiling faces and out to the gym. 

What I didn't see was Ashley eying me up and down, and licking her lips. She turned and said to her friends, "She will be mine soon, just wait." With that they walked away.

I got to the gym just in time for the tryouts. I've always wanted to be a cheerleader. I just hoped that I didn't get into it with Ashley and her friends again, but you know how that goes.

After the coaches told me and some of the other girls we were to come back and compete for the spot, I went into the locker room to change. There I ran into my good friend Ashley. When she saw me she had that smile again and to be honest, it kind of turned me on. "Hey Jennifer, looking for new tits to look at," she said, grabbing her breast.

"No, I was just about to change, that's all" I said trying and failing horribly to look away from her boobs. She must have noticed because her smile got wider and sexier.

"See something you like baby girl," she asked, moving closer as I was moving back.

"I asked you a fucking question now, didn't I slut?" Her smile was completely gone and was replaced with a mean expression that made my pussy drip. She was in front of me and I had nowhere to go. Soon I was pinned between her and the wall.

"I... I... I'm not a slut. Now will you please move so I can change I don't have time to play games with you okay." I really didn't mean any of it. All my life, I wanted someone to take control of me, to call me provocative names, to just downright degrade me in every possible way...but how could I tell anyone that?

She pushed herself onto my body and wedged her leg in between mine."Did I ask you that? And I'll leave when I want..." she looked down between my legs and laughed. I looked to see what she was laughing at and almost died from embarrassment.

She whispered in my ear "Enjoying yourself?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," I said, trying to play dumb. "Now please get off of me." She finally moved away from me but not until she grabbed my ass.

"Nice ass, I'll see you tomorrow and don't try to hide." Then she just walked out leaving me with a wet spot in my thong and shorts.

While she got to her car she wiped some of my juices from her leg and into her mouth. Can't wait until I can taste you from the source she thought as she was driving home. I stayed in the locker room a little while longer after she left. Sooner or later I had to leave so I grabbed all my stuff and went out to my car. I had to get home soon or I was going to explode from sexual frustration.

When I got home I went straight to my room and stripped down to my thong and bra. I couldn't take it anymore, I wanted Ashley...no I wanted to be Ashley's. So I finger fucked myself to several orgasms and stopped when my fingers got tired. I was too tired to eat anything so I just went to sleep and dreamed about what Ashley was going to do to me.

I got to school a little early, so I went out and got breakfast for myself at McDonalds. I returned and found Ashley and her friends standing by the gate, it looked like they were waiting for me or something.

"Awww, look Ashley she bought you breakfast. Isn't that sweet," Stacy said and they all laughed. Ashley walked up to me as my heart started to beat faster.

"Thanks baby," she said kissing me on the cheek and taking my food. All I could do was nod my head and try to walk away but they just stood in my way not moving.

"Can you guys move? I would like to go to class," I said my voice trembling just a little.

"You have nice tits Jennifer," Heather said grabbing my breasts and moving them around.

"Don't fucking touch me," I said pushing her hand away. They all looked a little shocked so I just walked through them to get to my next class. I was happy to be in there until I remembered that Ashley had that class as well. Hopefully she would skip it like she always did. 

But my hopes where crushed when she walked in just before the bell rung. To make matters worse she sat beside me in class. I couldn't focus on class because she kept putting her hands on me and when I tried to push them away she would give me this look that scared and aroused me so I left it alone. This went on for most of class until I asked to go to the bathroom. When I got up she smacked my ass and rubbed it. Everyone in the back row just gasped and she just smiled up at me before I sped out the class.

I came back after washing my face and drying off my pussy. I didn't want to sit back down with her because I knew I would get wet again. When I opened the door she looked up and smiled that oh so sexy smile that made my cunt wet again. After sitting and letting her play with my legs, ass, and arms I was soaking wet. I was happy as hell when the bell rung I don't think I ever ran that fast to the bathroom. I ran to the first stall and started to finger myself, then I heard someone come in and lock the door. I looked out and saw Ashley, Alice, Heather, and Stacy all in the bathroom looking at me weird. It was really creepy so I tried to leave but Heather pushed me back.

"Where are you going," Heather said with a grin.

"I just want to leave, so can you get out of my way?"

"You're not going anywhere bitch, " Ashley said pushing me down. I didn't want any trouble so I just tried to get up but she pushed me back down with her heel.

"Get off of me please I just want to go. What do you want from me?" Tears started to form in my eyes.

"We just want to play for a little bit," Ashley said getting down on her knees. "Don't you want to play with us?" I was getting a little uncomfortable and confused.

"What do you mean 'play'?" I said my voice cracking up, "and no I don't want to play with you and your little bitches now get off of me!" That crossed the line. They all looked at me with these cold looks like they were going to kill me or something. I've never been more afraid in my life.

"Looks like someone needs to learn a lesson, don't you girls think?" Ashley said to the others. They nodded and kneeled down beside me, I couldn't see what they were going to do but I felt hands on my shorts and felt them being pulled down.

"What are you guys doing? Let me go now!" It was too late and to no avail my shorts were pulled all the way down and my panties and ass were now exposed to the girls. I started to cry and they just laughed at me calling me a punk, sissy, pussy, little bitch etc. etc. Out of nowhere a hand came down hard on my ass making me cry out even more, and then I felt slap after slap on my ass. To tell the truth I was in pain but I was also enjoying it. Yes I was turned on. Somehow Alice noticed and told the others.

"Oh look at this," she said running her fingers over my soiled panties, the others looked "looks like she likes it like the little dyke she is. Isn't that right my little dyke bitch." 

I couldn't talk and I couldn't deny that I was liking it.

"TALK you fucking cunt!" Ashley yelled while slapping my ass hard.

I was so hot and I loved it when she yelled at me so I yelled back. "YES, I fucking love it please give me more I'll do anything if you will just give me more." I was shameless now I didn't care about what I just said and what I was willing to do if they just fucked me and spanked me some more.

Ashley and the others smiled while Stacy said "Why don't we give her what she wants, but after school at Ashley's place?" Everyone nodded and then she looked at me.

"Agreed?" 

I nodded and with that they got off of me and let me put on my clothes to leave. Before I could step out the door Ashley walked up behind me reached around me and grabbed my pussy saying, "After today you're going to be mine. I know it and you know it. You got that slut?" I nodded and she turned me around and kissed me, choking me and rubbing my pussy at the same time. Just as I felt I was about to come she stopped leaned into lick my ear and whispered, "just wait until later and I'll give you what you want and need." Then they all left me there, horny and hoping that this school day would hurry up and be over.

*

*** Thanks for reading, It's my first ever story if you want me to post Part 2 please leave a comment and vote!! Thanks again. 