 *** This is part 2 of You're mine and you know it.

Enjoy. Help from Kaylee in Arizona

P.s Feel free to email me.




I had just got done cleaning myself all over and putting my clothes back on when the door opened and in rushed a younger student. I hoped that it was Ashley or one of her friends but it wasn't. So I walked to class a little disappointed. My teacher, Ms. Johnson let me off with a warning about being late because it was my first time being late to her class.

"Don't let it happen again," is all she said and then she just let me walk to my seat.

I couldn't concentrate on my class work, I was just to anxious and excited to concentrate. I wanted the day to hurry up and be over but I knew I had to wait until lunch before I could see any of the girls. After lunch I had one more period before I could have some fun with them. I couldn't help but daydream about what could happen when I got to Ashley's house with them. Ashley grabbing me by my hair forcing me onto her bed, as her friends tied my wrists and legs to the bed. After that cutting off my clothes and underwear to get to my boobs and......

"Jennifer Coles!" My teacher Ms. Johnson was yelling my name. I guess I went to far in my dream and blocked everyone else out. When I looked up to her everyone was looking at me so I was a little embarrassed, but she spoke again and with a lot of authority.

"Come to my desk, right now." Hearing her talk to me like that got me a little afraid so I quickly got up and crossed the room to her desk.

"Yes Ms. Johnson?" I said as if I didn't know why she called me up there.

"What is wrong with you today, why haven't you been doing your work, and why............"

As she spoke to me I couldn't help think how sexy she was when she was upset. She had only got upset with me when I feel asleep in her class during a test or something, but other than that I could never really see that side of her, unless it was towards someone else. She did have an adorable smile when she was happy though, but I liked her a lot better when she was upset with the class. I don't know why, I guess that's just me. Ms. Johnson was 26, slim, really big boobs, beautiful baby blue eyes and big, sexy, suckable lips that had stopped moving and were frowning at me.

"Well... are you going to answer me or just stand there." She said with a hint of anger.

I hadn't heard a word she said to me. "Umm, I'm sorry can you repeat the question."

"Do... you... want... to... talk... about... what... has... got... you... so... out... of... it... today?" She said slowly so I wouldn't miss it this time.

"No I'm fine just a little tired I guess," I said lying horribly.

I guess she bought it because all she said was, "okay just do your work. Go back to your seat now." I nodded and walked back to my seat thankful that I didn't have to stand up there for much longer.

After my little "talk" with the teacher I sat down and did as much work that I could, and was more then happy when the bell rang signaling that second period was over.

***

Third period was just like the others just with an annoying old man. So I'm not going to get into much detail about it. I did get to see my friend Emilee though and that was good. Emilee is cute, but I don't really look at her in anyway other then a friend should. She has short natural red hair, a little on the skinny side, and looks way younger than what she is but she still has lots of guys all over her. We talked about class movies and boys (she still didn't know I was a lesbian). It felt like time was flying by when I talked to her, and soon the bell rung, and we left to go to lunch.

***

As me and Emilee walked to "our" table at lunch we noticed that Elizabeth wasn't there. Elizabeth is one of our friends that sat with us, but she was not there and we wanted to go out for lunch. 

She is about as tall as me but probably a bit taller, she has long dirty blonde hair, hourglass figure (like myself), 36C boobs I think, just right round ass and a beautiful face. 

As we were getting up to leave Emilee spotted her talking to some girl, when I looked closer I realized that it was Ashley, and it looked as if they were getting a little to close and that made me jealous.

"Lets just go over there and ask if she's goin to come with us," Emilee said not noticing my smug look.

"Ok, but if she's not coming we'll just go anyways," I said as we walked towards Elizabeth and Ashley.

When Ashley's eyes met mine she smiled and said, "I'll talk to you later Liz, bye girls." With that she smiled at me winked and turned on her heels to walk away.

"What was she talking to you about," I said finally braking out of my trance.

"Oh nothing. Just something that's going to be eating away at me, later on today. Hey are we going out for lunch or not I'm hungry."

I didn't believe her but didn't really think it mattered so I told them where we were going out to lunch and that we were taking my car. We had to hury and get back to school so we just went through the drive through.

After coming back to the school we talked, laughed, and ate our food and soon the bell rung. After saying we would call each other we went our separate ways.

***

As I walked to my next class, alone, I couldn't help but think, 'what was Ashley talking to Elizabeth about, and why wont she tell me?' I was so deep in thought that I didn't notice the person in front of me, and I bumped into them.

"Oh I'm so sorr......" I stopped in mid sentence when I looked up and saw who it was. I noticed that she was still holding on to me even though we weren't falling.

"No problem, baby its alright," she leaned in to my ear and whispered, "can't wait to have your pink tongue in my slit babe, I'm going to have lots of fun with you." Stacy said, still holding me close to her. Good thing no one was in the hallway at the time.

"I...I have to get to class," I said trying to push away from her, kinda.

"Why? Why can't we just have some fun now? You know, before I have to share you with the others." She said, sliding her hand to my ass and squeezing it slightly. I was mush, it felt like I was in my own sexual haven.

"Damn! Don't fall baby," she laughed catching me from dropping down to my knees, "you'll have plenty of time to be on your knees, trust me, I'll make sure of it."

"Please let me go," I said in a soft wispier that was almost mute, "I really need to get to class, please stop." I don't think she cared about what I was saying, or even heard a word I said as she rubbed and grabbed my ass. I let out a small moan and cussed at myself for being such a horny girl.

"Doesn't sound like you want me to stop, but I'll stop anyways," she let me go and I was a little disappointed that it ended even though that's what I asked her to do. Good going dumb ass. "But we do need to talk, so come to the bathroom with me." With that she turned and walked away, not waiting for my answer.

As we walked to the bathroom I didn't look at her sexy little ass. That was swaying so nicely. Well, okay I'm lying, I was drooling and staring at her ass, like a horny teen boy.

I didn't notice she had stopped and turned her head to look at me until I bumped into her...again, almost knocking myself onto my ass.

"You really like asses? Don't you baby," I nodded as I stared into her captivating neon blue/gray eyes as she stared into my hazel ones, licked my lips, and thought damn she's so sexy. "Good. Then you might love what's next." She giggled as she pulled me into the bathroom, looked to see if anyone was in it. After finding no one she pushed me in a stall and followed me into it.

"Pull down your shorts and panties and then turn around." I guess it was taking me to long because she yelled at me to hurry the fuck up, "I don't have all fucking day! Damn." I didn't want her to get even more upset so I hurried up, and took my clothes off, and turned around naked from the waist down.

"Mmm, now that's more like it," Stacy said rubbing my ass, she moved away from me and I heard her looking for something in her purse. I heard a low squishing sound but thought nothing of it until something cold, hard, and slimy was pushing on my asshole. "This will hurt a lot less if you relax and let it happen. Do you know what a butt plug is?.... You do ok that's good, at least you know what's going in you're ass."

I tightened up and asked in a very small voice, "can you please go slow. I've never had anything in my ass." You could hear my voice trembling as I spoke.

"Oh don't worry baby, I wont go too hard... trust me." I didn't trust her, but I couldn't really do nothing but stand there and let it happen. "Good girl I'll remember how good you are later." I just nodded and waited for her to push it into me and get it over with.

My anal cherry was popped, and it hurt like hell.

***

After being with Stacy for most of last period she let me go to class, which was hard because I was still walking funny from the butt plug. It was very uncomfortable. She gave me her phone number and took my number and told me she would text me Ashley's address. My teacher even asked if I was ok when I walked into his class. I said I was fine and just hurt my leg a little. He looked at me for a bit but said nothing.

His class is very easy and fun so I completely forgot about my plans after school until I got a text from Stacy that said: B at 749 Brown street we all will be there B4 u so just cum in Lol that's a pun. The door will b unlocked

Stacy.

I looked at my phone clock which read 2:15, 10 more minutes before the bell rung and I could be with the girls. Oh how I wished I could get this thing out of my ass, NOW! And I didn't really get the pun, guess it went over my head.

***

RINGGG! RINGGG! RINGGG!

The last bell rung and I practical ran out of class and to my car, I couldn't wait to get to Ashley and her friends. I was drooling and not from my mouth. I just needed to get there as fast as I could.

And the plug was hurting like hell.

***

It was a bit hard to keep from touching myself, but I had to unless I wanted to crash. As I got closer to the house, I got wetter as well. I finally pulled up to the house and it looked more like a mansion, it was so big, wish I lived there. 

After getting out of my daze I walked up to the door and rung the bell. After remembering that I was to just walk in that's what I did. It was very pretty inside, but I just needed to find Ashley and the others, I really needed to find them.

'Are they in this room?'... 'They have to be in this one.'... 'Okay I think this one could be it.' I looked and looked but could not find a single person, so I just thought, fuck it. Guess it wasn't meant to be. Then I felt a hand on my shoulder and almost had a heart attack.

"Damn calm down girl, I'm not going to kill you," Alice smiled, "all we're going to do is fuck that's all."

I had to smile at that, "I'm sorry, I just didn't know where any of you were, so you kinda scared me when you came out." I was eying her up and down the whole time I talked.

"No problem, but let's go meet up with the other's," she grabbed my hand and started leading me to a room, "we thought you punked out or something."

"No, I couldn't. I was looking forward to this ever since you guys left me in the bathroom." I think I sounded a little too desperate. But all she did was smile and nod.

It felt like we were walking for hours, but it was only about 1minute.

"Where are we going?" I thought I could ask questions until now.

SMACK "Don't you ever talk to me like that bitch!" She had slapped me right across my face, and now was yelling in my face.

"I'm so sorry Alice I didn........"

SMACK "Don't fucking call me by my name slut. What do little, lesbian, slut slaves call their female owners!?" By this time the others have heard us, and were now surrounding us.

"Well," Ashley started after the long pause, "what do they call their owners?"

"Umm," everyone was looking at me. Waiting for my answer I so did not know, but I had to say something. "They... call... them... their mistress?" I closed my eyes, and clenched my teeth, I was preparing myself for another smack. What I got totally caught me off guard.

I was grabbed from behind, pushed against something hard, so I opened my eyes to see what was to happen next.

I was then pushed into a baby blue/black bedroom wall and pushed down onto the soft carpet. As I looked up into the eyes of the girls all I could see was: Hatred, Evil, Despite, and most of all Lust and Hunger. I saw it in all of their eyes but in some what different ways.

I just wish I knew what they were thinking... and if they would take this thing out of my ass. It would make things a lot easier, both of them.

***Inside Their Minds***

Stacy: "Oh the things I'm going to do to this girl."

Heather: "I hope she's into ass play... hahaha oh well if she isn't."

Alice: "I so want to fuck that tight little ass of hers. Fuck I'm so horny."

Ashley: "Oh this little bitch don't know what she got herself into. When she sees what I have for that little pussy, she'll wish she never agreed to this."

Me(Jennifer): "Why are they looking at me like that?"

***

"What the fuck are you doing!?" Someone said, sounded like it was Ashley but I wasn't sure.

"I'm... I'm not doing anything," I stuttered to whoever spoke to me.

"Exactly. Why aren't you taking off you're fucking clothes," Ashley said clearing my doubts.

"I didn't know I was supposed to Ash... I mean mistress, no one said I had to."

Ashley started walking closer to me, she looked so sexy with that mean look on her face.

"Well, dumb bitch, now I'm saying take your clothes off now." She had a look in her eyes that said 'Don't fuck with me bitch' but I wanted to see if I could get some type of sexual punishment from her. I would really love that.

I didn't move at all I just stared at her just like she was but I could see she was getting really upset.

"Didn't I just say now you little whore!" She was walking closer to me and I was getting bold and even more horny.

"And your point is," I had a smile on my face and Ashley and her friends faces dropped. Ashley's didn't stay down for long.

"What did you just say to me?" She was laughing when she asked me.

"I said and your poi... ."

Ashley was on top of me before I could say another word. She was grabbing, slapping, and yelling at me.

"Who the fuck do you think you are huh?!" She was really mad and I was loving it. "I will fuck you up slave bitch." With that she started hitting me really hard and I was in some real pain. Like real pain.

"Please! Stop! I'm sorry, I'll obey! Just stop hitting me please! I'll do anything!" I was waving the white flag and hoped that she would stop.

She hit me once more then stopped and smiled down at me.

I could see the hate and power in her eyes and something else, I just don't know what. Those beautiful hazel eyes. "Are you sure? 'Cause I can keep going." She raised her hand as if she was going to hit me again.

I flinched and tried to protect myself. "YES, I'm sure. Please just stop." I was done playing that game.

"Take off your clothes....Now!" I jumped, but I managed to take them off rather fast. "Yeah, that is a good girl," she was patting my head, like I was a dog...well isn't that what I was? Someone's property? Hell Yeah. "Are you going to do as your fucking told," I nodded, "that's what I thought now stand up."

I basically jumped up. She was walking around me, touching me everywhere, and I was loving it all.

"Very nice...for a slut. But let's take your underwear off so I can really get a good look at you."

I started to do it fast but was stopped, "I think we all would like you to go slow," Ashley said to me. "Am I right?" She asked the others. They all nodded.

So I did a slow strip tease, like they asked for, and really got hot from doing so. After I was done they all moved up to see my perky boobs, fit smooth tummy, nice round ass, plump juicy pussy and long sexy legs. They even had me spin around a few times. I felt like a piece of meat because of the way they were looking at me. But I was still loving it until Ashley told one of the others, "go get my strap-on....yes the 10inch one, Ima fuck the shit out this bitch." My heart was in my throat. I had forgotten that I was a virgin. And I never told them I was one! This is not going to be good, not at all.

"Get that ass on the bed, and spread your legs. We want to see that pussy." Heather said pushing me on the bed before I could think. "Spread your legs," she was pushing at my knees but I would not, could not budge, I just knew this would make things worse.

"Wait, please, I don't think I want to do this anymore I'm just going to leave." They all just looked at me like I was crazy, so at that moment I got back up and stood in front of the bed. I was to busy getting my clothes to notice that Ashley wasn't with the others, but when it felt like someone was behind me, and that I should move away it was to late. She grabbed me, and pulled me onto the bed with her. I was then rolled over and she was on top of me. I don't know when she took off her clothes, but I was to scared to really admire her sexy body.

I didn't like the look in her eyes. She was wedged in between my legs, and had my arms pinned with her hands.

And the fall made the plug go up my ass even more. Talk about pain.

"I think its a little to late for that baby. We all have been waiting to fuck you so, that's what we're going to do." I could feel the soft rubber on my pussy as she pushed up on me. I had to do something, anything.

"I'M A VIRGIN!" It seemed like the whole world stopped as they looked at me. I could hear everyone breathing heavy. Or was it just me?

It was quite until Ashley chuckled, "you're lying. You cannot be a virgin."

"Then why don't you check?" I knew she wouldn't back down.

First she looked me in the eyes then down to my pussy. "Fine then," she pushed her middle finger into my pussy (which made me moan because how good it felt) until she felt something blocking her way...my hymn. "What the fuck!" She said out loud. Her face was frozen and so was her finger, which was still in my pussy, "you really are a virgin?"

"You can feel my hymn right?" She nodded, unable to find the right words I guess. "Then that's your answer."

I thought that was the end of it and they would let me go home, but I still felt her pushing up on me and pinning me down. Then she finally spoke again.

"After to day you wont be a virgin no more, no where," I didn't like how she said 'no where,' and I didn't really know if I heard her right.

"What do you mean by that?"

She smirked and said, "I mean that I'm going to pop your cherry, and your going to get fucked in the others two holes as well." Then she looked down at the plug still stuck up my ass. "Well, I guess your only a virgin in two holes now, right?" I nodded my head. "And that's about to change as well."

I could hear my heart beating now, and I could feel myself getting wet even though I was scared as shit, my body was even going against me. Fuck!

Ashley moving made me get out of my state of shock. She wasn't pinning my arms anymore but she was still between my legs, looking down at me with pure lust in her eyes. I wanted her but I didn't want to feel any pain.

"Can you be gentle... please?" I whispered loud enough for only her to hear.

Ashley's face softened when she heard me and looked into my eyes, and saw how much I really needed her to go easy on me. Then she leaned down and whispered in my ear, "I will, I promise." Then she placed a tiny kiss on my ear, then my cheek, my neck, my collarbone, but when she got to my lips she stopped.

"Please keep going?" I was confused, I really didn't want her to stop (yeah I'm bipolar, so what).
