 When I was in college many years ago I unwittingly seduced a lesbian one cold night. That experience changed my life forever and made me the woman that I am today. How did I manage that? Well, it all started my freshman year in 1984. It was required for all first-year students to live on-campus and fate gave me Karen for a roommate.

It was a long time before the internet, cell phones, and iPads that made our world a little bit smaller. It was the lack of those devices that helped to keep me in the dark on so many things. I was naive back then in the way of the world and was still a virgin. That was the time when it was common to find a virgin my age but it seems is a rarity these days. There were a few girls in my high school that went all the way but I was not one of them. It was not because I was unattractive but it was that I kept myself busy with school work. I never had any time for a social life and was not interested in sex. I was passed up numerous times for more willing girls in less modest clothing.

My name is Jackie, and I was a little above average in the look department. I had long brown hair with blue eyes and wore thick, black frame glasses. My boobs were a little big but you could not tell with how I dressed. I wore loose shirts with pants and rarely put on a dress. I was dressing to cover up and was not interested in showing anything off.

I was an innocent child in all things carnal and never noticed when someone was being dirty minded. I was so clueless about such things that I did not even know my own body. I never felt the need to touch myself and was not curious about sex. That was the kind of things I thought you would find out after you get married. I knew college was going to be an eye-opener for me, but I never expected it was going to be opening something else up as well.

My dorm roommate, Karen, was a skinny redhead with crystal blue eyes and had an angelic face. Her breasts were small and were barely noticeable. She did not need a bra and was not bashful showing them off when changing. It took some time for me to get used to her sleeping in nothing but her panties. I wore a very modest nightgown and could not understand how she could sleep wearing so little.

I was not as bold and only undressed when I was alone. I was bashful and felt vulnerable being naked around others. I am not sure where my fear came from but I never liked showing off my body. I did not realize it at the time that my body was hot and was nearly perfect. My innocent mind kept me from seeing my body in any form of beauty. She, on the other hand, liked wearing skirts that showed off her legs and shirts revealing her midriff. She thought her legs were one of her best features and loved showing them off. She always seemed to attract guys to her wanting to date but she kept turning them down. I did not know why she never said yes until a month later in the lounge area of our dorm.

I was watching TV with a few girls after a long day of classes. My only form of entertainment was my radio and the TV in the lounge. I would on occasion talk with one of the girls but some found me too pure for their liking. I overheard two girls talking and one of them was Kendra, a girl that lived across from my room. She was one of those types that thought everyone outside her circle was beneath her and was not afraid to be vocal about it.

"Diana, you will not believe what I just found out! You know the girl that is in the room across from mine with the red hair?" Kendra said with an arrogant tone. She did not wait for her friend to reply before continuing. "That redhead is a fucking dyke! I caught her checking out Rebecca in the shower. I bet she already turned her roommate lesbo too." 

I knew she was talking about my roommate Karen but was confused on a few things. I did not know what a lesbo or dyke was. I came from a small town and never heard anybody being called that before. I was kept in the dark with those types of things and what I thought was normal was just a delusion. I later found out being normal was just being true to yourself and not what society said it was.

I hoped she would not notice me but I was not that lucky. They came over and I could feel them staring at me. "Hey, you!" She never did try remembering my name and only did so with people that were important to her. I gave her my full attention hoping to get this over with quickly. "I got to know one thing. Did you let that lesbo munch on your carpet?" I did not have a clue what she was talking about and did not know how to answer her.

"Why would anybody eat carpet?" I replied with confusion. This brought laughter from everyone in the room, and I did not understand what was so funny.

"Oh, you are too much girl. You are way too innocent to have been corrupted by that lesbo. You better watch out or you will find her in your bed one night munching away." She got up laughing and left me baffled over what just happened.

I had to ask one girl what a lesbo was. A blonde girl named Cindy that always had an expression on her face like she just smelled something foul. She snickered at my cluelessness and spoke in a superior tone, "It means your roommate is a nasty bitch that likes girls. I would watch out if I were you. Your innocence makes you an easy prey for perverts like her. If I were you, I would get another roommate before she puts the moves on you."

*******************

Even if I wanted to get a new roommate I could not. I needed someone to swap room with and none of these girls would. Besides, Karen was a nice girl and I liked her. The fact that she likes girls never really sunk into me what it meant. Since sex never entered my mind I saw nothings wrong with it. The girls in our dorm started to shun her after finding out she was gay. They refused to take a shower with her and would walk out when she entered. They would hold on to their towels tightly against their bodies and scurry away like rats.

I could see the pain that was in her eyes at their rejection. She looked at me with teary eyes and waited for me to do the same, but I could not hurt her like that. She was a little shocked but grateful that I stayed. I was too tender-hearted to be a bitch, especially to someone that always showed me kindness. My parents taught me to be open-minded with people's differences and accept them on their own merits.

When I was finished with my shower I got dressed and waited for her. I walked over to her as she stepped out of the stall, "Where do you want to go for dinner tonight?" I asked her. She cried a little over someone being kind to her and not caring that she was gay. I did not know at the time the hardship that gay people went through. She had to hide what she was from people her whole life to avoid judgment. I was the first person that accepted her as she was and did not treat her like a freak. 

"Mexican would be nice," she said, and I could see her eyes moistening up. We walked back to our room in silence and I was confident that I made the right decision with her. She waited after I got dressed before hugging me. "Thank you for still being my friend," she replied emotionally! We became very close after that day and spent a lot of time together.

********************

My innocent mind made it easy for me to keep my guard down around her. I wouldn't have done half the things that I did if there had been a guy in the room. I would undress around her but never exposed myself. I would only go as far as my undergarments and turned my back to her to remove my bra. I was too shy to show off my body and would only get naked if nobody could see me.

She was thankful that she had at least one friend after Kendra ruined her reputation. She changed a few things about what she did around me. She was afraid of losing me as a friend and made sure I would always be comfortable around her. She no longer went topless to bed and would not watch me changing my clothes. We both accepted each other and became great friends.

We spent the next few months hanging out and studying together. The topic of her being gay never became an issue and she never pushed it on me. We talked about everything besides sex. That was something I knew nothing about and Karen was too afraid to go there. She avoided anything that she thought could drive me away. She was a joy to be around and made my first semester fun.

Our fall final came and went leaving both of us with good marks. It was time for our winter break and everybody was preparing to go home. We had a few weeks off to unwind, and I was planning to spend that time doing nothing. Unfortunately, I did not have the money to go home and had to stay at school. Everyone else was leaving, including Karen. I was bummed out that I was going to be alone for the holiday.

***************

Karen postponed her trip until the next day and hated that I was going to be all alone. We had the whole place to ourselves and took advantage of that. She asked me to come with her but I kindly declined the Invitation. I did not want to get in the way of her holiday plans with her family. We ordered a pizza and stayed up late watching movies. The next day she left after lunch and I had never felt so lonely.

Being alone had erased some of my fear and I felt more freedom to do things that I normally would not. Out of boredom, I decided to take a shower after dinner and wished that Karen was still here. I usually undressed in the shower area but today I did it in my room, wrapping a towel around me to head to the showers. I was nervous walking down the hall and was looking around for people that I knew were not there.

It felt a little liberating to step out of my comfort level by wearing just a towel. It was a little scary to walk around like this but also felt kind of good. I tossed my towel on the bench and walked into a nearby stall. The heat from the shower felt good on my body and I stayed a little longer than usual. The heat from the shower kept me from noticing how cold the room had gotten. The heater had stopped working and the room temperature dropped more than a few degrees. I soon regretted not bringing any clothes with me after stepping out of the stall. I could feel my body starting to freeze and my nipples harden from the cold. The walk back was less exciting with the cold nipping at my wet flesh.

I was surprised to run into Karen in the hallway holding a box. I was shivering from the cold as she explained why she was there. She felt guilty for leaving me alone and had decided to return. She called her mother to let her know that she was not coming. After arriving back she noticed the heat was out and tried calling the maintenance man, but he could not come out until the next day. It sucked that I had to spend the night without heat, but not being alone made it a little better.

She was setting up a surprise for me and only had the time to put out some blankets in the lounge. She was carrying the last of my surprise in the box. This moment started the series of mistakes I would make that led me to my unintentional sexual education. I looked down the hall thinking that I should go back to my room to get dressed, but the warm blankets were closer.

Against my better judgment, I followed her to the lounge and wrapped a blanket around me. I sat down on the couch trying to keep the little heat that I had from escaping my body. Karen Put the box down and started taking things out, placing a jar of popcorn, a movie, couple of plastic cups, and a bottle of vodka on the table. She poured me a glass and told me that it would make me feel warm. I never drank any alcohol before and did not have any intention of starting. I accepted it because I trusted her and needed to feel the heat in my body again. It was hard to get down at first but soon got easier. The more I drank the less noticeable the cold was. When she returned with the popcorn my cup was empty and I felt very loose. She placed a big bowl of popcorn on the coffee table before filling my cup back up.

I was clueless on the effects that alcohol can have on some people. It already started to affect me in an unforeseen way and it was later that I realized what vodka did to me. I started to notice halfway through the movie that Karen would watch me drink or eat popcorn. I was confused why I was receiving her attention at those times. After a few more round of this, I finally caught on. The vodka made me so relaxed that my towel slipped off my body. Every time I took another drink of vodka or grabbed some popcorn my blanket would open exposing my left breast to her. My nipples were hard from the cold and they were thick. When I started focusing my attention on my nipples I felt the right one was a little sensitive. It was rubbing against my blanket and was making me feel funny.

Vodka loosens me up and opened me to things that I normally would not do. I felt sorry for Karen and thought that being a lesbian was a rare thing. I was naive in thinking that and feared she would always be alone. It was this fear and the vodka that kept me from covering up. I thought I was being nice for not freaking out that she was staring at my breast. The vodka shut down part of my brain where my shyness and innocence were kept. That was not the only thing that it did. It also unlocked something within me. I found myself enjoying her attention, and for the first time, I wanted to be desired. Guys ignored me because I dressed too modest and they could not see my body. I found it was nice, even if it was a girl that was showing interest in me.

Karen was starting to wonder if I was letting her see my breast on purpose. She did not know if I was aware that it was hanging out or the effect it was having on her. She was lonely and seeing my breast was turning her on. It had been a while since the last time she was with someone. She had a short affair with a girl she met over the summer. The fear of losing me as a friend was the only thing that kept her from making a move.

The vodka was making me a little bolder and I wanted to push myself a little further. I leaned forward and grabbed my cup, arching my back swallowing the last of my vodka and allowing my blanket to fall off my body. My breasts were fully exposed to her but for only a few moments. My nipples felt good in the cold air and I could feel a strange new feeling stirring within me. I had caught her full attention and could feel her eyes on my breasts. I decided I had gone far enough and covered myself back up. I put what I did out of my mind and started focusing on the movie once again.

The movie was near the end when the power went out. In all the excitement I never noticed the storm that was brewing outside. I could hear the bitter, cold wind blowing and it was almost eerie sounding. We realized it would be best to head back to our room. I stood up and felt my towel fall to the floor around my feet. For some reason, I needed the towel and thought the room was far darker than it was. I took off my blanket and laid it on the couch before getting my towel. I wrapped it around me tightly before receiving my blanket.

My eyes were not that good in the dark and the amount of vodka that I drank clouded my senses. The moonlight was causing a dim light and was making the room glow. For a moment she could see the silhouette of my nude body and that gave her a great thrill. I blamed the alcohol for my carelessness and revealing so much of myself to her.

I held on to Karen, and we slowly made our way back to our beds. The room was cold and dark. The little light that we had was from our window and was barely highlighting her bed. Mine was in total darkness and I was not interested in sleeping in it. I felt the warmth of her body against me and did not want to depart from the only heat source that I had. I suggested we should sleep together in her bed and felt her body tense up. She was taken aback from my request and tried not to see other motives for me wanting this. She still was not confident that an innocent, naive girl like me had turned lesbian. Karen fought back her desire and the need to be touched before agreeing with it.

I climbed into her bed and laid my glasses on her night stand. I could hear her removing her jeans and that was the last thing I heard before falling asleep. I woke up some time later and was feeling a little cold. In my sleep, I undid my towel and pushed off my blanket. My breasts were exposed to the cold night air and I quickly covered myself back up. The only source of heat I could find was from Karen, and I snuggled closer to her, pressing my naked ass against her hoping to steal some heat. She turned on her side and embraced me with her body. I could feel the fabric of her shirt and two little hard nipples poking into my back. I felt her hot breath on my neck and the heat that was coming from her. It felt so good that I was easing back into sleep and then I felt her hand on my hip. It was shaking from what I thought was the cold. Grabbing her hand, I slid it down to the lower part of my stomach and then up against my bosom for warmth.

This was my final mistake that pushed my friend into action. Her hand was not shaking from the cold but from nerves. She could not sleep from feeling the seed of lust that I had planted inside her. She was trying to figure out if I was sending her a message that I wanted her. My actions that night came off more seductive than I intended them to be. Needing to know the truth, she decided to test the water a bit. She touched me somewhere safe for a reaction and I ended up putting her fingers into my purity coffin. If I had brushed her hand away, she would know that she was wrong. Her hand was shaking from fright and she was hoping she had not made a mistake.

She could not bear losing me as a friend but to gain me as a lover was too enticing for her. I did not realize I had guided her hand inches away from my pussy and my pubes were brushing against it. Sliding her hand between my breasts was the last seductive thing I did. I unwitting gave her a signal that I wanted her and gave all the encouragement that she needed. I just wanted to be warm and ended up unleashing a horny lesbian on me.

Karen was now convinced that I wanted her and was not going to hold back any longer. She squeezed my breast and started kissing my neck. She then moved from kissing to sucking on my earlobe and continued playing with my tits. My body stiffened up from the shock over her actions and I tried to tell her to stop, but she started playing with my nipples. She rubbed them between her fingers and gave me sensations that I never knew could come from being touched. I opened my mouth in protest but a long moan escaped instead, and I was losing the will to resist her. This was the first time that I was ever touched by anyone in a sexual way and I liked it. I wished I had known about these pleasures that were locked within my body. The pleasure I was getting from her was making my body warms up in a whole new way. No matter how much I was enjoying this there was a part of me that thought this was wrong. I turned over on my back to try to end this but found I couldn't resist her.

Karen eased herself on top of me and guided herself between my legs. I opened my mouth to speak but she used that opportunity to slide her tongue in. I was surprised that my legs spread so easily and how good she felt between them. Her tongue swarmed around my mouth for a few seconds before I started returning the kiss. My body was awakening with new desires and I allowed myself to go where it took me. I was a little sloppy at kissing as it was my first time. I soon got the hang of it and loved having her tongue in my mouth. My brain tried to fight back for control but my body was stronger. I could feel the heat between my legs getting warmer and wetter.

I did not have the strength to push her away and surrendered to my new desire. She could not wait any longer and needed to taste me now. She kissed down my chest with haste and sucked on my nipple for a second before moving on to my wet pussy. I never knew such pleasure could be had with my own body and the joy I could have given myself. She was an artist with her tongue that had me screaming and tossing about like a mad girl. My moans were loud and echoing off the wall. If there was anybody there I had no doubt that they would have heard me. I just had my first orgasm and the muscles throughout my body spasmed. The pleasure that erupted between my legs traveled to the rest of my body and transforming me that night. I was no longer an innocent girl and became a devilish sexual beast.
