 "Mrs Wilson in Room 11 will love you!" exclaimed Nicola with a laugh.

Katie turned around and saw the wide smile on Nicola's face.

"What do you mean?" asked Katie, a confused look on her face.

Nicola said nothing and leaned against the staff room counter top holding her mug with both hands and took a big sip of her tea. 

Katie was sat down opposite Nicola and had just been shown around the care home she had just started working in that day. After a busy morning filling out paperwork assigning Katie her uniform and showing her around the home Nicola decided it was time for a Tea break. Nicola was much older than Katie and seemed a nice woman but had a sense of humour that Katie did not quite get and on several occasions had ribbed and made jokes and been sarcastic about Katie. Not that Katie minded, she firstly understood there would be work banter an she was also really excited about her first day working in the old peoples care home. This was something she had always wanted to do.

Earlier when Katie had received her uniform, which was a light blue waist length, nurses tunic she had a smile that beamed across her face as she put it on and stood in front of the mirror. Her jet-black silky straight hair tied up, her pristine tunic with her nurses watch and name badge positioned perfectly, black ankle length leggings and black ballerina shoes. She was so happy with how she looked. Katie always prided herself on her appearance and always had perfect hair nails and make-up. She was a very active 21 year old and had a body that showed she looked after herself which complimented the beauty of her face that nature had gifted her with.

Nicola lowered her cup and looked at Katie, still smiling.

"You wanna go meet her?" asked Nicola with humour in her tone.

"Yes of course" replied Katie. "But what's the big deal?"

Nicola walked over to Katie and sat opposite her on a chair and leaned forward with her elbows resting on her knees. 

"Mrs Wilson is..." started Nicola. "Shall we say...one of our...most sexually direct residents" she laughed as she spoke.

"Oh right!" exclaimed Katie "Yeh we dealt with this issue in training"

Nicola put her hand on Katie's leg "She likes cute young girls especially. Did you deal with that?" Nicola laughed, stood up and walked toward the door "Come on. Let's go Katie!"

As they both walked down the corridor Nicola gave Katie the background on Mrs Wilson. She was 71 years old, and as Nicola said "...was only in the home as she had broken her hip once and numerous operations had not fixed the poor girls joint properly and due to no family or friends to take her in she became a resident of the home. Besides that she is as bright as a button. She does seriously have a thing for younger girls and past nurses have refused to deal with her. I think as long as you just ignore it you will get on ok."

Nicola and Katie stopped outside room 11. "Here we are!" said Nicola

With that there was a loud crash from down the corridor. Nicola started down the corridor toward the direction of the commotion. She turned back as she ran "Katie, you go in and introduce yourself. I will be right back!"

Katie gingerly opened the door of room 11 and walked inside.

"Hello!" she called in her soft sweet tone. There was no reply.

Katie walked into the sitting room and there was Mrs Wilson sat in her chair watching the TV.

"Hi" said Katie again. This time Mrs Wilson turned toward her. The old lady's gaze stuck on the young girls face that concerned Katie, however the gaze suddenly broke into a wide smile across the old lady's face. Mrs Wilson pressed her hands together and started to look up and down at Katie.

"Well hello dear" replied Mrs Wilson admiring the beautiful young woman stood in front of her.

Katie walked into the room, her nerves showing as she awkwardly sat down straightening her tunic and nervously tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear.

"so my dear are you new here?" asked Mrs Wilson.

"Yes" replied Katie. "Its my first day today Mrs Wilson".

Mrs Wilson let out a soft laugh "My dear, you do not have to call me Mrs Wilson. Call me Carol...please".

"Of course carol. It's very nice to meet you. I am Katie". She replied.

"Well it is lovely to meet you Katie. And what a pretty name for such a beautiful girl. What are you, 18...maybe 19 years old?"

Katie giggled, "No I am 21. A lot of people think I look younger than I am."

"And I bet you have all the boys running after you don't you? A little dazzler like you"

Katie giggled again and blushed a little once again tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "Well thank you but...well I am single at the moment and have been working really hard at College so have bee to busy for that sort of thing."

Katie forgot what Nicola said about Mrs Wilson earlier and was really enjoying the company of the adorable older lady. When Mrs Wilson mentioned a cup of tea Katie was more than happy to make tea for the two of them and they sat and talked in depth about each other. 

Katie thought to herself that this woman was lovely and was about to offer a second cup of tea when there was a knock at the door and in walked Nicola.

"Hello Carol, how are you today?" asked Nicola

"I am very well thank you" replied Mrs Wilson "and is it you I thank for employing this gorgeous little thing here?"

Nicola laughed and said, "No Carol, I had nothing to do with it".

Nicola looked over at Katie "OK you let's go. We have got work to do".

Nicola left the room and Katie said her goodbyes to Carol and said how nice it was to meet her. When Carol suggested tea again soon Katie said it was a lovely idea.

As time passed Katie enjoyed her job at the care home more and more each day and worked extremely hard going beyond the call of duty. One day Katie had just got changed to leave for the day and was ready to go home. One of her colleagues had had a leaving party and Katie had joined them for an hour after her shift. She had had a glass of Champagne but decided it was time to leave as she felt a little tipsy from the Champagne and still had to drive home. She had her down which was always worn up at work and was wearing a thin white blouse, a short brown tweed plaid skirt and brown calf height boots. As Katie was about to walk out the door her colleague Sally called after her and asked if Katie could quickly check on a couple of patients before she left as she was running behind and had a heavy workload due to other staff being at the party. As was Katie's character she was more than happy to help.

Katie took the details of the patience and went about making the visits to there rooms. It was only to check on three patients and Katie felt it would not take any time at all.

The first patient to check on was Mrs Wilson and this brought a smile to Katie's face. Katie had got to know Carol very well over the last few months and within this time she had realised what was pointed out to her on her first day at the care home. Carol was, as she was told very sexually direct and did not hide nor was she subtle about her desires. Katie on many occasions had her bum squeezed or had her breasts touched along with countless requests from Carol for Katie to do certain things with her. Katie was also keen to see Carol as it was carol's birthday the next day and Katie had the day off so would be able to pass on her birthday wishes. 

Katie walked in and found Carol sat in her chair reading a book. She asked Carol of there was anything she needed.

Carol looked at Katie and her mouth opened "Oh my goodness my dear you look sensational!" Carol said. Katie realised that carol had never seen her out of uniform.

"Have I died and gone to heaven?" asked carol. Katie melted at this statement, how sweet she thought. As with most times sweet comments are short lived with Carol as her next comment lived up to her form "I would act like a girl half my age if I could get a hold of you and do lots of naughty things to you". Carol pursed her lips together "Come here and give me a snog, sexy!"

Katie found this really funny and still buzzing from the Champagne felt a confidents and playful mood overcome her. Let's see Carol put her money where her mouth is thought Katie. 

Katie looked directly into Carol's eyes and slowly stepped forward and bent at her waist so that her cleavage would be visible to the little old lady. She was pleased when she saw Carol's eyes drop to her chest. Katie then put both her arms on the arm of the chair that Carol was sat on and lent further forward pushing her arms together to accentuate her cleavage. Katie could hear Carol's breathe getting heavier and the old ladies eyes were still fixed on her chest.

Carol then looked up and the two women were staring into each other's eyes, their faces three inches apart. Katie bit her lip and gave her best seductive pout, she then lent forward more so that her breasts were pushing against the old lady and put her moth up to the old ladies ear. "Maybe I will give you a birthday treat you will never forget tomorrow" Katie whispered in a slow purr. As she moved away she stopped and softly and ever so gently kissed the old lady on the cheek letting her lips hold on her skin for a moment.

Katie turned on he spot and looked back over her shoulder toward Carol while pushing her back to force her bum out. "Sleep tight birthday girl" Katie said as she winked and then blew a kiss, leaving the room.

Outside the room Katie almost collapsed. Her heart was beating so fast and her body was tingling all over. She was breathing so hard and the confidence and buzz from the Champagne had left and her head was spinning. What the hell did I just do she thought to herself as she rushed down the corridor. She ignored the fact she had said she would help her colleague and instead ran into the car park and got in her car. Still breathing heavily, a million thoughts running through her head. Had she just flirted with a 71-year-old lady? Katie pulled at the rear view mirror and looked at herself. She was still tingling all over, had butterflies and felt sick. Her arms and fingers were numb and she was pumping with adrenaline, and the thing that surprised Katie most of all was the sensation between her legs. She was wet and felt a burn in her groin...she was turned on by what had just happened.

During the drive home Katie's mind was a blur of thoughts, she had never done anything like that to a boy let alone to another woman, a 71-year-old woman at that. As she drove she ran the scenario over and over in her mind. She pictured the look on the woman's face, the burning in her eyes and her reaction to Katie's body. No guy had ever reacted to Katie in that way and in a strange way Katie felt flattered and appreciative of carol's reaction. She imagined if the kiss was on the old ladies lips rather than her cheek. How would carol of reacted she thought. One hand slipped from the steering wheel and pulled the pleats of her skirt up. Katie ran her fingertip up her tanned satin soft legs up to her soaking wet pink silky thong. Her labia had unfolded like a flower and her clit was erect and yearning her touch. As Katie pushed her hand against the moist, silky material she gowned in pleasure as her body filled with a warm, intoxicating burn. 

As soon as Katie got in the front door of her one-bedroom flat she stripped her clothes off and was on her bed entering herself with her fingers. Within moments she lay on her bed finished, satisfied and wasted. She lay naked and panting, breathless and totally vulnerable to the open air and vulnerable to the new desire that had been born within her.

Katie's sexual release had almost cleared her mind of doubt of what she had done and the thoughts she was having toward the old lady. Suddenly everything seemed clear in her head and Katie felt no guilt or objection to what and how she was feeling. She was very driven and always pushed for what she wanted and once a decision had been made she always stood by her convictions. She bathed in a hot bubblebath savouring a large glass of Merlot and lent back in the warmth, feeling the alcohol from the wine fill her body. As Katie lay there she thought of Carol again and smiled to herself when she imagined the sweet, dear old lady. She was adorable and Katie loved that fact that she could bring so much joy to this amazing woman. 

She remembered how she felt sorry for Carol the time that they were sharing tea and Carol had mentioned how hard it was to be a lesbian when she was younger and how she had never married nor found a life partner and the fact she had not been pleasured sexually for so long. Katie thought that Carol deserved nice things to happen to her and to be treated nice, she decided it would be her to do it. Katie took a long swig of the wine and began to conjure her plan for the following day in her mind, as she did so she once again became turned on and her hand quickly found its way between her legs.

The next day Katie was on a mission and went about making every detail perfect. She firstly went to the salon and had her hair done. Her usually straight black hair was trimmed and curled so that it fell to her shoulder in cute ringlets. Next she had her finger and toe nails French manicured. Finally she had her legs and bikini line waxed. Katie took pride in this always but ensured that she had her anus and labia completely waxed smooth. Her pubic hair was left in a short and this black strip. Katie felt on top of the world as she walked down the high street with a bounce in her step she had never felt before. Next stop was a lingerie shop Katie had walked past a hundred times and admired the amazing lingerie inside but she never had a reason to buy it. Now she did. 

Katie spent a long time choosing and trying on all the different types and styles of lingerie until she had found the perfect set. Katie stood in the changing room and looked in the mirror at herself. She was smiling and was so excited about what she was going to do later today. Katie took her chosen items to the till. As the cashier rung it through the till she looked at Katie and said told her it was a gorgeous choice and asked if it was for a lucky gentleman. Katie politely thanked her and said yes with a laugh. She thought what the reaction would have been if she had told the cashier she was wearing it for a 71-year-old lady.

Once home she did her make-up perfectly and carefully started to get dressed. Katie firstly slid into the cream silk and lace knickers she had brought. She felt amazing at the way the frilly, soft material was on her skin. Next she put on a matching cream and lace garter belt followed by a matching waspie that sat above her hips and accentuated her waist. She then put on the matching bra, which made her breasts look like they had never done before. She finished with black lace top stockings and slid into her highest heel shoes. Once she had slid into her favourite black dress she dotted countless candles around her room and then stood back, looking in the mirror. I hope she likes it she said to herself.

Katie drove to the care home and again the fire started to burn inside her. She felt drunk on the sensations that were tearing through her body and was loving every moment of it.

When she arrived at the care home she went to the reception and told the duty nurse that she had phoned earlier to arrange that she was collecting Carol to take her for dinner as a birthday treat. She said that she had already been made aware of this and that Carol was told to be ready. At that moment Carol walked down the corridor. Katie smiled as the dear, sweet old lady smiled at her, her face was beaming and Katie felt love toward the woman she was looking at. Carol was wearing a long white dress with multi coloured flowers on it and a pink cardigan. She had a hair band on that sat above her curly white hair an as she got to Katie she noticed that Carol even had make-up on. "Happy Birthday Carol" Katie said as she took the old ladies hand and led her to her car. 

During the drive Katie and Carol talked about the day Carol had had and Katie was pleased that Carol had had a lovely day. She smiled as he thought how much better it would get for Carol. 

Katie helped Carol out of her car and up the single flight of stairs into her flat.

"Carol welcome to my home," she said as she stood in the middle of the room. 

"Now Carol, I really wanted to give you your first present when I first saw you at the home but I could not, so here it is" Katie took Carol's hands and stepped into her pushing their bodies together and kissed her hard on the lips. She was so pleased when she felt Carol kiss back. She heard Carol moan softly in pleasure and Katie herself melted into the moment. She could not believe how soft and tender the old lady's lips were. She felt Carol's lips part and the old lady's tongue push out. Katie opened her mouth and pushed her tongue out to meet it. Both women's tongues were licking the others lips and exploring each other's mouths with a desire and yearning.

Katie let go of Carol's hands and put her arms around the old lady pulling her closer to her and was pleased when she felt Carol's hands grab her bum and squeeze her into her. After what felt an eternity they broke each other's embrace. Katie put her hands on the side of carol's face and gently kissed her lips. 

"My goodness" breathed Carol who was panting and breathless.

"Now wait here until I call you and then follow me for your next present, OK?" Katie said

"Of course my angel" replied Carol.

Katie went into her bedroom and lit all the candles and slipped out of hr dress and put on some soft background music.

Katie was stood in the middle of her bedroom in her heels and lingerie.

"OK Carol you can come in now your present is ready!" Katie called.

The bedroom door slowly opened and as Carol walked in she asked "What on earth could it be?"

"Me!" replied Katie.