 This is based on a true story.

---

I had never masturbated in the room before. I had always been so careful; whenever I really HAD to touch myself, I did it in the shower. But this night was different. I kept thinking about him and I got so horny that I couldn't sleep.

I looked to my right, at my dozing roommate, who appeared to be sound asleep. Her slender form was motionless. It was good enough for me. I had his image in my mind, and I slipped my hand slowly down my taut stomach and into my clean shaven pussy. I started slowly at first, savoring the slick, smooth skin beneath my fingertips. I was trying so hard to be quiet, and I was succeeding. My breathing, a little heavier than normal, was the only thing that was different. 

And it felt so wrong. Touching myself with someone else in the room. I justified it by telling myself that it didn't matter; we weren't friends, anyway. In fact, we barely talked to each other, save the bare necessities. It was like the other didn't exist. 

I made small circles on my clit now, and I gasped softly. I almost brought my other hand up to cover my mouth, but it had made its way to my breast, softly stroking my erect nipple. It had been less than two minutes, but already I was about to cum. I grasped my clit between my two fingers and furiously brought myself over the edge -- my bed started to shake and my breathing was ragged. My body quivered from the aftershocks of my orgasm and I continued to stroke myself, more lightly now, as my breathing died down.

And just then, I heard a curious noise coming from the other side of the room. At first I thought my roommate was having a bad dream, and kicking her sheets. But the rustling of the sheets came at regular intervals, and certainly wasn't a fearful or angry. Fear flooded through my veins as I first heard her, but I didn't stop masturbating. The noise continued; it was like a moving of sheets, every three-quarters of a second, and it took about twenty seconds for me to realize what was going on. She was masturbating to me masturbating. 

Intense arousal pulsed through me, and my clit began throbbing like mad. I hadn't been this turned on in a long time. I continued touching myself, slowly, cautiously, unsure of where this was going to end up. I didn't look to my right; I was too afraid that we might make eye contact if she was looking my way. It was hard to not be pushed over the edge as I listened to her, and soon enough I was. I slipped a single finger inside of myself and felt my muscles contract as I came, and my bed shook once more. She stopped making noise soon after. I don't think she orgasmed, and I wondered how she could go to sleep after that. I didn't have much time to think about that, though, because I was exhausted from the exertion and soon drifted off.

I didn't think about it much for the next few days, but there was a definite tension in the room that wasn't there before. We went about our daily business, ignoring each other as usual. It wasn't that we hated each other, we got along fine in terms of being roommates, but we just had our separate lives. We were both very attractive, very fit girls, and I think there was an unspoken competition between us, as there seems to always be between myself and other attractive girls. We were also both competitive by nature, her being on the volleyball team and me being on the school's tennis team. We could have become good friends, I'm sure, but instead we chose to ignore each other.

In the meantime, I was getting farther and farther with the guy I had been lusting after, and I was in a relatively good mood. We hadn't done anything physical, but we both knew it was on the horizon. I thought about him again that night as I lay in bed.  

You wouldn't believe it, but the exact same situation happened again. Now I knew for a fact that she was doing what I thought she was doing. To be honest, it was hot as hell.

I finally started dating the guy, and it went well for a few months, but ended up falling apart in the end. While I was dating him, we had regular, amazing sex, and I had no need to masturbate. We would always have sex at his place, and so there were no awkward interactions with my roommate on that front, either. But once we broke up, my hormones began to reel. I thought about what she and I had done in the past, and if I was brave enough to do it again. 

I thought it was strange that she had never been the one to initiate it, but she was never the one to initiate anything. Any time we needed to have a conversation, out of necessity, I was always the one who had to start it. The amount of times she talked to me out of her own accord could be counted on one hand. She was very nice, and considerate to me, but that was about it. 

That night I decided not to masturbate. I decided to try something different. There were only two weeks until school ended for summer, and it was getting to be stifling hot in our room. My dorm, old as it was, did not have air conditioning, and even though all I wore to bed was a camisole and basketball shorts, I was still burning up. I took off my cami and set it at the foot of the bed, so all I was wearing was my shorts and a lacy black bra. I slept on top of the covers, my long, toned legs spread across the sheets and my arms over my bare stomach. This was the first time I had slept in such an exposed way, because I was normally conservative about showing off my body, even though I was very athletic and had absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. I thought it would be interesting to feign sleep. I waited fifteen, maybe twenty minutes, and began breathing deeply. I wasn't sure exactly how I sounded when I slept, but I thought I was doing a pretty good job.

I was "deep breathing" for about five minutes when I heard my roommate making noise. It was the same noise I had heard twice before, and this time a little faster. It lasted so long, and I could feel myself becoming wet. I wanted nothing more than to touch myself, but I didn't want her to know that I was awake. She took so long to finish, almost twenty minutes, and I wasn't sure if she even did finish in the end because she was so quiet about it. The noises were a little louder, too, and I wondered if it was because she was facing me. I could picture her in my mind, gazing over at me from her bed, staring at my long legs and my soft breasts heave up and down in the moonlight. I was so aroused that night, but I didn't do anything about it.

The next morning I woke up and we again pretended like everything was normal. I went to classes and headed back to the room to pick up some of my books so I could go to the library and do homework. When I walked in the room, the first thing I saw was my roommate's thong-clad ass across the room. She wasn't facing me, and she was slipping on a pair of jeans. It was the first time I had seen her like that; she almost always changed in the bathroom. Did she do that on purpose? I walked to my bookshelf, grabbed my textbooks, and left as if I didn't see anything.

When I came back that night, it was already after 2 AM and my roommate was sleeping. I quietly got ready for bed and slipped under the covers. It had only been 10 minutes when I heard her.

She hadn't even waited for me to fall asleep this time! I was being tortured, laying there and listening to her, and I could feel my panties slowly getting soaked. I gave an involuntary heavy sigh out of frustration and I think she heard me. I think it encouraged her, because her movements started to get faster. I was burning up, and I could feel my engorged clit rubbing up against my lips at even the slightest movement of my legs. She made a soft, feminine moan and the noises stopped. It was the first time I had ever heard something come out of her mouth. I was so turned on. I turned to my side, facing away from her, and began just repeatedly tapping my clit with one finger. With my other hand, I grasped my breast and swept my fingers against my nipple -- and those small acts were enough to make me come. I clamped my jaw shut so she wouldn't hear me, but not before I exhaled a breathy sigh. "I know she heard me," I thought as my body shook. "She definitely heard me."

A week later I had finally gotten around to doing laundry and I was lugging my laundry basket back to my room to fold my clothes. When I was done, I noticed my nice black pair of panties was missing. That was the most expensive pair I had, and matched my black lacy bra well, so I started freaking out when I couldn't find it. I searched the laundry room meticulously, and retraced my steps. No sign of lacy-black-panties. I accepted the loss and was in a rather bad mood for the rest of the day.

Meanwhile, it was the last week of school, and my roommate situation was constantly in the back of my mind. I couldn't go on wondering what could have happened. I had to bring it up, somehow, some way... when I walked in the room that afternoon, I had made up my mind to talk to her. I was pretty nervous.

"Lisa...can I talk to you for a sec?" I asked.

"Oh!" She seemed surprised. Within good reason; the last time we had talked had been about the leaky faucet in the bathroom sink, and that was 5 weeks ago. "Of course."

I decided to be completely blunt. "Are you...are you attracted to me?"

Her eyes lit up with shock for a moment before she nearly shouted "No! I mean, why? Why would you think that?" Her eyes were still very wide, but there seemed to be something behind them. Some mischievous look...but it could have been my imagination. "No reason." I apologized and left the room, feeling very embarrassed. Little did I know that embarrassment would be completely gone in just a number of hours.

I studied in the library for the rest of the evening, wanting to come back to the room late to avoid seeing Lisa. But when I came back to the room, she wasn't even there. I flipped on the lights and saw something small and dark on my bed. It was a black piece of fabric...it was my pair of panties! I walked over in awe. It was just sitting there, smack dab in the middle of my bed, illuminated by the light coming in from the open door. I picked it up and studied it. I must have lost it before I did laundry, because it was slightly soiled. I smelled it. It smelled like me, mixed with another smell that I didn't recognize.

I was so happy to see my panties that I almost didn't realize how weird it was that they were sitting on my bed like that. Something dawned on me as I heard footsteps approaching. The door closed and I was suddenly surrounded in pitch black darkness, and I vaguely made out the figure of a woman stepping towards me. 

"Lisa?" I asked, frightened.

"I lied," the woman spoke in a husky tone. I recognized it as my roommate's, but I had never heard her talk like that before. It was so low, sensual. "Earlier. When you asked me...I lied."

She was very close to me now, and I felt two hands put themselves on my shoulders. Lisa pushed me against my own bed and in the dim moonlight streaming through the windows I could see her face coming towards mine. Her soft cheek brushed against mine as she moved her hands down my arms and to my waist. She put her lips up against my ear and spoke, in that same sexy tone, "God...I don't know why I'm doing this, Kerri...fuck...you just had to push me there, didn't you?" Lisa began breathing in heavy, rattled breaths, "I'm not a...fucking...lesbian or anything...you're just...I mean, look at you..." She dragged her fingertips in between my breasts and down my stomach. I gasped.

She pushed me onto my bed and got on top of me. It was all happening so fast, and I could feel the pulsating heat from her body around me. It was completely quiet except for our breathing, and almost completely dark. I could make out her eyes scanning my body up and down, lingering on my breasts. "Don't be nervous," Lisa whispered, eyes wide. "I'm not going to hurt you." She leaned down and kissed me; a sweet, wet, hot kiss. Her hands became tangled in my hair as she pulled me closer, and, almost involuntarily, I kissed back. 

As she lay on top of me, her hands moved down to the bottom of my shirt and began to pull it up. Her mouth went from my lips to my ear as she moaned, "God, I've wanted this for so long..." My shirt was off and I could feel her small hands on my bare skin, roaming, feeling my body. I couldn't help but become aroused, and I was suddenly aware of how much clothing we were still wearing. Lisa must have been thinking the same thing because she started unhooking my bra at the same time I started unbuttoning her shirt. Soon we were in nothing but our panties; mine, a conservative red cotton piece, and hers, a lacy black thong.

And there we were. Exposed to each other like we had never been before; crossing the line that I never even thought of us crossing. The mere thought of how forbidden this is and how dream-like the situation is was enough to turn me on even more. We continued kissing and I could feel her hand start to move down south...her fingers touched the dampness and I sighed, digging my nails into her soft back. "I knew you wanted this too, Kerri," Lisa breathed. "I knew it." She kept on stroking me through the cotton, softly, torturing me. I could feel her smiling against my mouth as I panted, desperate for release. 

"Please..." I finally pleaded. She stopped stroking and sat up to look at me. Her green eyes were wide, and her tight-lipped smile was mischievous. Moving down further on the bed, she pulled my panties down with her. I gasped, knowing what was coming. With one last toss of red fabric to the side, she grabbed my ass cheeks and pressed her hot tongue against my clit. I almost cried out in pleasure. I was only halfway aware of what she was doing as she started to lick faster; sucking, probing, anything but teasing. She wanted to make me come, and she wanted to make me come HARD. My hands dug into her hair as my back arched and I screamed out, holding her head tight against my pussy and not letting her pull out. Lisa seemed to get the message as she kept licking diligently, savoring the flavor she had wanted to taste for so long. The orgasms wracked my body until I felt like I could no longer take it, and after a few moments I realized I was lying still on my back and Lisa was stroking my face. 

"You're so beautiful," she said, her hot breath against my cheek. I was breathing hard, too tired to speak. "I hope you understand why I couldn't say anything earlier...I never thought anything would come of it. But I just couldn't take it anymore. Hell, I could barely talk to you at all in the first place." She kissed my cheek, and lovingly began to flick her tongue over my ear. I said nothing; I was still trying to play catch-up on what was happening here. "You're so much smarter than me. And more popular," she continued. "And so beautiful..." she sighed. I felt like I should say something, but I just lay there silently as she continued to stroke my cheek. I don't know how long passed before we both fell asleep, together as roommates and as so much more.