 I heard the knocking as soon as I turned the shower off. I wrapped the teensy hotel towel around as much of me as I could and went to look out the peephole. I saw my new assistant and opened the door carefully,

"Hi Marci I just got out of the shower, I won't be a minute."

"That's OK Mrs. Rice I just brought over the overheads so we could coordinate your piece to them."

"Good idea let me just finish up and I'll be right with you." 

I went back to the bathroom and let my towel drop to the floor,

"If you're not too shy we can go over them as you finish dressing."

"Ah, well, I guess it would be all right."

I looked up and saw her watching me in the mirror,

"Please don't stare Marci, I know I'm a fat old married woman."

"No, I think you look gorgeous, I think a grown woman has a right to have some meat on her bones. Here let me do that."

She took the brush from my hand and started to brush my hair. I looked in the mirror to an image that looked unreal. Here I was standing stark naked next to my aide who I hardly knew. She was so close I could feel her warm breath on my neck. I don't know what it was but I was getting these erotic feelings all up and down my spine. I had to get my mind off my vagina and back to business,

"So did all the overheads come out all right, if they didn't I can get some equipment from the lobby and we can fix them. Marci, Marci, are you listening to me?"

"What, oh, sorry Mrs. Rice I guess I was staring at your breasts. You have lovely breasts, I mean they're large but they're real. You don't mind if I touch them, do you?"

I was dumbstruck as I watched in the mirror to see her arms wrap around me to fondle my breasts. I knew I had to say something but nothing would come out of my mouth except a moan when she stopped.

I turned around,

"Marci, what are you..."

She leaned in and kissed me, not a peck on the lips but a full kiss long and deep. She leaned back and as she held my shoulders, she started into my eyes. I was so confused my mouth was dry, but I knew I was wet between my legs. I tried to say something but nothing would come out. She put a finger to my lips,

"I'm sorry Mrs. Rice; I've wanted to kiss you since the day I started. You are such a sexy woman; I can't seem to get my mind off of you." 

"Marci, I'm married, I have grown children, and I've never done anything like this before. I, I don't know what to say."

Wait a minute did she just call me sexy; I haven't been called sexy since I first got married.

"God I wish I had breasts like yours, I'm so tiny I feel like a little girl."

"No, they're perfect, why would you want something flopping around your chest like these?"

I held my breasts up to show her just as she pulled her top over her head to expose her breasts standing proud and alone unencumbered by a bra. She walked over and mashed hers against mine. The feeling of her nipples hard and erect against mine almost took my breath away.

No more resistance left in me I melted into her arms as she kissed me again. She took my hand and led me to the bed, I followed unsure of what was to happen but still wanting it. We lay down together and her kisses went from my lips to my throat and around my neck to my ear. I was so hot I could feel myself panting and when she put her lips on my nipple, I came. I wanted her now but she was in no hurry and she teased me with her tongue as she ran it down to my stomach. I didn't think I could wait any longer and I pushed her head toward my sex. I've never been one who loved oral; it's just my husband does it as a duty and I usually just give up and fake it just to get him to stop. Of course, once he would do me it was expected for me to do him and to tell the truth I think that is disgusting. However, I sure wanted to feel Marci's lips on me. I just knew she would drive me wild, hell she had already driven me wild but I wanted the rest.

She crawled between my legs as I spread myself for her. Done with her tease, she lapped at my clit with her tongue. I screamed as I grabbed her head to hold it in place, I knew I was babbling as my orgasms cascaded from me. Again and again I kept cumming and finally I had to push her away to kept from passing out. With one more lap of her tongue she licked the juices that flowed from my slit, then she crawled up next to me and we kissed.

"I can taste me on your lips,"

I said,

"But I want to taste you now."

I sat up to unfasten her tiny little skirt and she raised her bottom to help me slide it down and off her legs.

"Wow a thong, how do you like wearing a thong, doesn't it ride up your butt? I always wanted to try one but was afraid it would bother me."

"I love them it just about all I wear except when it's that time of the month. Look I don't even have to take them off."

She just pulled the tiny slip of material to the side and exposed her hairless slit to me.

"Bald too that's another thing I always wanted to try but just too chicken."

She pulled her labia apart,

"How about licking pussy Mrs. Rice, is that something you always wanted to try?"

I just said, oh yes and then I put my face right in the middle of Marci's vulva. When Marci did me, I was in the throes of passion with the heat and excitement driving me to a fever pitch. As I did Marci she seem to relax, she lay back on the pillows and casually ran her fingers through my damp hair.

"Do you have any idea how many nights I lay in my bed playing with myself and fantasizing about those sexy lips of yours on my cunt? Oh yes right there, I just knew you would be good at this, oh, oh, yes, ah yes."

She didn't scream it out as I had and yet I knew I had brought her off, that made me so happy. I found I was as excited as I had been when she was doing me and I wondered if I might cum just from licking her. Then it even got better as she had me turned around and we got into the classic sixty-nine position. This way I not only was able to receive but to give at the same time and we both climaxed several more times.

I don't know when we fell asleep but when we woke in each other's arms, it was dark. We took a delicious shower together and Marci shaved my pubes for me leaving me as naked as she was. After shaving me, she got me off yet again and then I did her. We got dressed and went to eat but first we stopped at the mall and she insisted on buying me my first pair of thong underwear. We rushed through dinner saying that I wanted to try my new panties but what I wanted was more of Marci's pussy.

Somehow, we made it through the presentation the next day; frankly, I can't remember any of it. We hurried back to my room and made love again. I just didn't want it to end and I asked Marci if she could stay with me for a couple more days. I told her I would call my husband and she suggested I send him a picture of my shaved pussy to help ease the trauma of me being gone an extra day or two. That Marci she is so naughty.