 This is a story I wrote a few years ago, posted on another site. Just in case some of you find it familiar. (Although it has been long enough ago, on a very different web-site, I doubt maybe anyone here would have seen it, let alone remember it.) I've re-worked it for literotica and thought I'd try posting it here. It is quite long, many chapters, and the number of chapters I post will depend on whether I feel anyone likes it.

****************

"I said don't do that, Johnny!" Lisa Warren admonished her date. "Are you hard of hearing? No, I know you're not. You just think because you bought me a ticket for this movie that entitles you to do whatever you want, right?"

She slapped at his hands as they tried for the 100th time on their date, to grab her tits. And who could blame him?

And, of course, Lisa was exactly right. Johnny absolutely believed that buying Lisa's ticket to the movie entitled him to what he wanted from his sexy date.

Lisa Warren was a stunning, 18-year-old, creamy wet-dream. For both men and women. She had long, blonde hair, framing a face that could be only described as beautiful. She had a lovely pair of firm, high-rising titties. They weren't overly large, but they were lovely, pear-shaped and adorned with wonderful pink nipples. No one but Lisa had ever seen them. Well, her mom when she was small and a few girls in the change room for the swim club at her old school. And even there Lisa had been careful.

Johnny could only look at sexy-looking Lisa and feel his palms itching at the sight of her fine up-tilting pair. He had no way of knowing it, but her big, pink nipples poking out of huge, darker-hued aureoles covering the whole rounded peak of each of Lisa's boobs, would make any guy's mouth water. Lisa, in addition to the aforementioned beautiful face, long, silky blonde hair and that lovely set on her chest, had, in addition, a narrow waist and a gorgeous, shapely ass that turned into two long, luscious, silky legs. Not to mention an innocent, sparkling personality. She was the whole package.

There was many a pecker (and more than a few wet pussies!) getting rubbed every night with thoughts of young Lisa Warren.

Johnny was 19 and worked at a local garage. He had finally graduated last year from high school, (after 3 tries), the same high school where Lisa had just attended her own graduation ceremony a couple of weeks previous. Summer was still just beginning and Lisa was accepted and would be starting at the local university in the fall. Johnny still picked up all his tail from the high school and he had picked this little hottie for a date based on her sheer sex appeal. She seemed totally unconscious of it, and despite her innocence, or just maybe because of it, she just oozed that certain something. Rumor had it that she was cherry and there was nothing, man, nothing, Johnny liked more than sticking his cock where 'no man had gone before'.

Typical Johnny, he didn't even wonder what an 18-year-old girl like Lisa was doing being cherry. He didn't know, he didn't care. He just couldn't believe his incredible luck. He had fucked another 18-year-old cherry girl just the other day and, wow, in this day and age, two 18-year-old virgins in one week? Who'd have thought such a thing was even possible? Who'd have thought that in this day and age two 18-year-old virgins even existed.

Johnny was a stud and got lots of pussy-action and he could not understand why Lisa wouldn't even give him up a feel. Hell, he'd bought her a burger and a ticket to this dumb movie, hadn't he? He wondered just what else she might want before she agreed to give it up.

'Women!' Johnny thought. Even the ones that gave it up regularly, which, Johnny believed, was pretty much every other girl in the high school, always wanted something in return. In Johnny's estimation. To Johnny, the thrill of riding his pecker should have been more than enough!

Lisa wasn't really sure why she was being hard-assed with Johnny. Here she was with the handsomest stud in town. Sure, he had the reputation as a bit of a jerk after he'd scored what he wanted but in Lisa's estimation that just made him a guy. Lisa had no experience in this area but she heard what all the other girls said. That didn't really bother Lisa. She just thought she wanted her cherry poked out. She wasn't looking for 'til-death-do-us-part'.

She was a virgin but lately had really had a hot pussy. It constantly itched her. It was forever tingling and creaming. Some days she had to go to the can and put on a pad, even when she was between her periods, just to soak up the pussy-juice that seemed to want to leak out. Just from observing the normal semi-sexual situations that might happen to occur every day around the halls of school. You know, the necking and feelings-up going on.

I guess one could say that Lisa Warren was one horny girl! She had a dilemma though. While she was very curious, she was innocent, uncertain and nervous. She had no idea how to proceed. No idea and indeed a lot of nervousness and outright fear about what it might take to scratch her itch.

Guys were always asking Lisa out on dates but, so far, 'til this date with Johnny, she had always declined. She didn't much like the guys at her school and was nervous of all the stories she had heard.

The fact that she was a virgin, so lacking in knowledge of anything of a sexual nature was a function of her mom, Jacqueline. Lisa's mom, was a very loving mom, but she had gotten pregnant young, a little younger than her daughter was now. Her parents had made her marry the guy and she was now suffering through a painful marriage. She preached to her daughter every single day to not let herself get trapped as she had been trapped. She preached every day to her daughter that nothing, not birth control pills, not condoms, nothing but abstinence was the 100% guarantee that she wouldn't get pregnant and blow her future as she had blown hers. Lisa loved her mom very, very much but sometimes she got tired of all the preaching.

Lisa's mom was a very well-intentioned, loving mom, but she failed to connect the dots between her absolute lack of knowledge of sex when she was a teenager, to her getting pregnant, to her present reluctance to talk to her daughter about sex. Anything beyond her preaching, that is.

A lot of young women might have gone out and just let some guy fuck them as some kind of protest or rebellion against all the preaching. It was maybe a testament to Lisa's character that she had never thought of disappointing her mom this way. 

Of course, keeping Lisa honest was the fact that while she masturbated regularly and knew that much about sex, she had little other knowledge and what bothered her the most was that she didn't find herself attracted to any of the guys. The idea of one slobbering on top of her was very unattractive to Lisa.

Of course, Lisa had heard all kinds of talk of sex around school but in all she'd heard, there was lots of confusing and contradictory information. One girl said one thing. The next girl said something different. Very wary, she had no idea of what to believe or who to believe about anything. She'd read some books, she'd tried talking with her guidance counselor. She'd 'googled' every sexual term she could thing of. The result of all this was that Lisa had a head full of so much information that she couldn't disseminate it all properly. She was having enormous difficulty separating fact from fiction, truth from lies and coming up with what was right or wrong for one Lisa Warren. She really wasn't sure of what was what and how it all tied in to all the strange feelings she had racing around her body. 

So here was Lisa, a total virgin with exactly zero sexual experience or even reliable knowledge to guide her. And, tonight, as Lisa was finding out quickly, it all could be reduced from theory to one very real fact. Contrary to what she'd be told by other girls, who'd told her a guy's hands feeling up her boobs would feel good, Lisa absolutely did not like the feel of Johnny's hands on her tits.

Most nights, before she drifted off to sleep, Lisa would lay in bed and grab herself a handful of her pussy. She'd rub her fingers in her oozing cream and rub until lots more cream leaked out. She'd shudder through her self-administered cums and try to relate that to the hot pussy-pulsings she felt all day at school. She'd decided sex with another person must be fabulous but -- very big question - what other person? She'd think of all the guys at school and think, no way, Jose! 

No, when Lisa did these things in the privacy of her room, she didn't think of guys like Johnny. She dismissed thoughts of guys. She thought of the other girls at school and especially her best friend, Mary-Jane Montgomery. It was all very confusing to Lisa Warren. From her research she knew about homosexuality and lesbians. Was she one? She might suspect but, bottom line, Lisa didn't know. Or, at the very least, she was not sure. And she wasn't entirely sure even how to find out. Was there some kinda test?

Mary-Jane, had recently let Johnny poke out her cherry and she told Lisa it was out of this world. When Mary-Jane did that it only served to confuse Lisa even more.

Her friend Mary-Jane wouldn't lie to her, Lisa didn't think. That is why she was determined to go through with this thing with Johnny. But Lisa kept asking herself an important question, 'how am I supposed to let him fuck me if I don't care for it when he just touches me?'

She wondered if the fear of getting pregnant, instilled in her by her mom, was inhibiting her enjoyment of Johnny's advances. A possibility, she thought. Sure, she had a condom in her purse but would Johnny agree to wear it? But, while she was sure that that was part of it, Lisa had a nagging suspicion that alone didn't explain everything. She thought of Mary-Jane.

Bottom line? To say for an 18-year-old, that Lisa was a very uninformed, confused and naive young woman would be an understatement. Again, a function of her mom, loving as she was, who, since Lisa had been about 12-years-old had always been terrified of the day Lisa would develop an interest in, or even a curiosity about, sex. Not realizing, even today, as some parents don't, that Lisa had already done just that. And that failing to educate Lisa in sexual matters was probably very unwise and that Lisa's lack of knowledge could easily lead to her being taken advantage of by a boy. And could well lead to the very pregnancy issue that so terrified Jacqueline Warren.

You might think Lisa's mother was a bad mom or at least a very unobservant one, maybe lacking in some common sense when it came to the young woman her daughter had become. When you meet Jacqueline Warren soon you might understand her better. She had lots of problems of her own to deal with.

Just before she embarked on her date with Johnny, Mary-Jane had tried to give Lisa a little pep talk. She had put her arm around Lisa, as she often did, trying to reassure her friend, hoping Lisa didn't notice that her arm was shaking today.

Truth was, Mary-Jane felt guilty because she was lying through her teeth and she really didn't enjoy misleading Lisa. She hadn't liked much being fucked by Johnny. She hadn't liked or enjoyed it at all. But she felt she had to play up the time she had spent wriggling on Johnny's cock. It was part of her plan.

The girls had been friends for years. They had done everything together. Got their first periods within days of each other. Developed tits at about the same time. Practiced kissing on each other. And now that Mary-Jane had given up being cherry it seemed natural that Lisa should also.

Mary-Jane knew how uptight Lisa was about sexual things having been raised by her sexually uptight Mom. Once Mary-Jane had discovered masturbation it had taken her some considerable time to convince Lisa to give it a whirl. Mary-Jane, in sexual knowledge, thanks to her mom, was light-years ahead of Lisa. She thought Lisa needed to 'grow up' and have a better, more mature attitude toward sexual things. At the very least 'grow up' enough to be able to at least talk about such things without blushing.

Despite having remained a virgin until a few days ago, Mary-Jane, in stark contrast to Lisa's situation, had been raised by a very open-minded Mom. She'd always been honest with her daughter about sex and its place in a woman's life and told her daughter than any time she felt she wanted to start having sex to come to her and she would help her.

No, Mary-Jane hadn't remained a virgin out of fear of parental disapproval or any hang-ups or fear of sex. She had stayed cherry, 'til Johnny, simply because she had wanted to. Mary-Jane Montgomery simply had no interest in boys. And, thanks to her mom, she understood why. That is what she yearned to talk to her friend Lisa about.

The truth was, Mary-Jane had fallen deeply in love with her friend, Lisa. She wanted only Lisa. And until she'd developed her plan recently, she had no idea how to accomplish being with Lisa as more than just friends. Convincing her to masturbate was a wonderful first step, Mary-Jane thought but that was a long time ago now and nothing had progressed since then. She was absolutely certain that if she tried something more with Lisa, her friend would freak out and that would be that. 

Her mom had tried to help her with suggestions on how to seduce Lisa but somehow, Mary-Jane, much as she loved and trusted her mom, didn't feel her mom 'knew' Lisa as well as she did. Wasn't aware of just exactly how innocent and naïve Lisa really was. So she just decided to bide her time and then, one day, this idea had occurred to her.

No, she hadn't fucked Johnny because she liked him or was horny for his cock. She had fucked Johnny just as a first step in her new convoluted plan to get Lisa. 

Her thinking was, as all precedent told her, once she let Johnny pop her cherry, Lisa would naturally do the same. Then, Mary-Jane reasoned, Lisa might relax when sex was mentioned and be able to talk about sex a little more maturely. And then Mary-Jane was confident that she could lead the discussion around to where she wanted it. On each other. Girls being with girls.

You are probably roaring with laughter right now at Mary-Jane's idea and asking yourself just what was the silly girl thinking? Was she even thinking at all? Mary-Jane would not have been able to give you an answer. She was just desperate. She sometimes wondered, in the long history of the world, just how many half-baked plans, plans that usually went awry, had been born out of desperation.

Certainly Mary-Jane wasn't totally brain-dead. She knew her plan wasn't fool-proof, obviously. What horny-for-her-friend, desperately-in-love with her friend, 18-year-old's plans could ever be fool-proof?

The dangers as Mary-Jane saw it, were two-fold. First, Lisa might just love being pounded by Johnny's pecker and then what chance would Mary-Jane have?

And second, the other big draw-back to this plan was, of course, that if Lisa hated being fucked by Johnny, would she ever forgive her friend, Mary-Jane, for lying to her?

For that one though, Mary-Jane felt she had what was, she thought, at least a semblance of a reasonable argument. One that fit right in with her dream of being together with Lisa as more than just friends. One that just might tip the scales in Mary-Jane's favor.

If Lisa hated being screwed by Johnny, all Mary-Jane had to do, she thought, was point out that it could just be because Johnny was a guy and that Lisa was maybe one of those girls whose sexual inclinations didn't run to guys. And that maybe Lisa needed to check out the other ½ of the human race.

Of course, Lisa loved Mary-Jane also. But she never thought anything beyond the fact that Mary-Jane was her best friend. It puzzled her but she'd never really thought it out, why Mary-Jane's image was in her head when she jilled off her cunt each night. The girls told each other everything, Lisa thought. And Mary-Jane had told Lisa that she was in her thoughts when she masturbated also. Then Mary-Jane came out with the bomb-shell that she was going to let Johnny bust her cherry and had run to Lisa's after, to tell her all about it.

The girls had cuddled and giggled, drank some wine they had snuck from Lisa's mom and Mary-Jane told Lisa all the details and assured her there was nothing to be afraid of. She down-played the initial pain she had experienced when Johnny's big cock had ripped into her. She down-played the emptiness she felt after it was over. She very much over-played, not to mention out-right lied about the pleasure she told Lisa the initial twinges of discomfort had turned into. Lisa was still nervous but she also realized that she needed to grow up in this matters. Together the girls had mapped out the strategy to get Johnny to cock-poke Lisa's cherry too. Like it was going to be hard to get Johnny interested it that.

Once again, Mary-Jane had twinges of conscience. But she told herself that for all she knew Lisa would love sex with Johnny. After all, a lotta girls seemed to. So it wasn't like she was urging her best friend to engage in some activity she knew for absolutely certain she was gonna hate. 

Yeah, it was a rationalization of the first order but what else did love-sick Mary-Jane have? She had to tell herself something to ease her conscience. Lisa enjoying sex with Johnny was definitely not conducive to Mary-Jane's plans but, she was desperate and thought it was worth the risk.

And now that Lisa was with Johnny in the darkened movie theater, she found she didn't want him touching her. A couple of times he got a pretty firm grip on her tit before she could slap him away and it did not feel good to her. Something was wrong. Lisa's usually horny cunt wasn't creaming. She wasn't sure what was wrong. She was just sure it was her having the problem. That it was her fault.

Johnny had his arm around her, titty-feeling when he could avoid her slaps, and she'd let him kiss her a couple of times. Short, cold kisses. And, she felt nothing. All she wanted to do was go home.

Johnny and Lisa watched the rest of the movie. Johnny got one more little kiss and got his hands slapped a few more times. By the time they left the movie Johnny was pretty fed up but Lisa was just such a juicy-looking cunt that he hated to give up on balling her. The thought of sinking balls-deep in this fucking twat, as he thought of Lisa, the same as he thought of all chicks, was just irresistible. But he sure wasn't going to kiss her ass, if that is what she expected. No, sir!

So Johnny got Lisa in his black Camaro and drove out to the lake. He parked, took a blanket from his trunk and he and Lisa walked down by the water.

"I thought you were gonna take me home, Johnny?" Lisa accused him.

Johnny spread the blanket on the sand, lay on it and invited Lisa to lay beside him. "Come on, baby. I'll take you home, never fear. But business first, chicky. Come to Johnny."

Instead of joining the stud on the blanket, Lisa burst into tears.

"I can't, Johnny," she sobbed. "I went out with you tonight to get my cherry popped and I know you want to do it for me, but I can't, I just can't!"

Johnny'd had enough of this shit.

"What a prick-teasing cunt," he yelled at her. "My balls are just aching. Shit, damn, fuck!"

"I'm sorry, Johnny." Lisa cried. "If you want, I'll jerk you off." Lisa had never jerked off a cock, wasn't even sure how to do such a thing, but she'd heard other girls at school talking about doing it to guys so she assumed she could figure it out. She was an A-plus student after all. How hard could it be? Sorry for the pun.

But Johnny wasn't gonna buy a hand-job from this up-tight bitch! He wanted it all! Johnny was boiling angry. "Fuck it. I'm leaving, you cock-teasing bitch! You know how many cunts around your old school I can fuck? I thought you were a cute little cherry, that wanted to grow up, that's all. Fuck you, Lisa. By the way, you owe me for the burger and fries and the movie."
