 Your lips were like silk, as they pressed against me, your hands searching for my buttons. I could feel your heart beat through the cotton of your shirt.

Your tongue finding mine, and playing with it, searching and sucking, your whimpers soft, muffled, as your kiss deepened. I leaned into you, smelling your scent, taking you into my lungs, my being, my nipples hard.

I watch you as you smile, and taking my hand place it on your belt. Unbuckling your belt, and your pants, I lower your zip and slide your pants down over your hips, our kiss lingering, deepening. You remove my silk shirt, dropping it to the floor. Reaching behind me you unclasp my bra, sliding it off my shoulders, you break the kiss, and trail your tongue down my neck, nipping and biting my shoulder, my throat, and me.

Purrs of lust growing in my throat, my hands play with your sides, my fingernails raking you as you suck and bite at me, your fingers pulling on my nipples, rolling them between your fingertips. Making them harder, making them tingle, throb.

You slide down my body, your mouth hot on my skin, shivers cascade over me, I close my eyes and let the sensations you’re creating in me take my body over. My breathing faster now, small gasp’s of passion escaping my lips, my legs shaking with desire, my pussy so wet. Your hands find the button of my skirt, and undoing it, you slip it down my legs, letting your fingers linger on my damp panties, sliding one finger over my slit, rubbing it through the silk of my panties.

Your mouth sliding down to my navel, your tongue dipping in and out like a hummingbird tongue fast and light, your finger never stopping it’s rubbing, it’s playing. You run your finger inside my panties. Playing lightly with my pubes, flicking, teasing me. You lower them, and I step out, my hands running through your hair. You had it longer now, my hands sliding through it like silk slides over skin.

I let out a sigh as your hands move down my thighs, and move my legs apart. Opening my eyes I watch as you stop, and looking at me, pull me down onto the floor beside you. I lay back, never taking my eyes off you, your smile so wicked, your eyes glinting in the afternoon light. You lean over me and kiss my stomach. Licking your way back up to my breasts, taking a nipple between your lips you bite it hard. Making me cry out, passion and lust overpowering me.

Your fingers slide down my thigh, tickling their way to my wet pussy, and playing, rubbing against my slit. My whimpers louder, you laugh and push my legs open wider, rubbing harder against me, I rock against you, wishing that you would only touch my clit, rub it a little. You know me so well, and avoiding my clit, you dip your finger inside me, slowly fucking me 

I raise my butt, giving you easier access to the depths of me, you place another finger inside me rubbing the roof of my pussy with it, fucking me deeper, harder. Moaning, I grind myself against you. You move your kisses down my hot body, longer strokes of the tongue with each inch you move down me, slower and slower, you reach my mound, your fingers expertly working me up to that ecstasy that is so familiar with you.

I feel your hot breath on my wet throbbing pussy, Goosebumps covering my body, my back arches slightly and I let out a sigh, your tongue slides into me, your fingers opening my folds as you eat me. You grab at my butt, lifting it higher as you bury your face in my thighs. Alternating between dipping your tongue inside me and sliding it over my rock hard clit you rub your tongue up and down my dripping wet cunt.

You grab my ankles and lift them, opening my legs wider, spreading them apart, so you can watch as you slide three of your fingers inside me. In and out you fuck me, your tongue concentrating on my clit, flicking it over and over, so soft, a contrast to your fucking. I rock harder against you, wanting to feel you deep inside me, you move harder against my clit making me quiver. A ball of heat; a warmth growing inside me.



I lock my fingers in your hair, pulling you to me, grinding myself against you, your fingers inside me, making me so horny my moans, an animal growl. Your tongue rubbing and flicking against my clit, I rock against your mouth harder, faster, wanting you to make me cum, so hard, wanting my juices to cover your face.

You pump your fingers into my pussy, eating me. You feel my body shaking as the first wave smashes through my body, I scream and throw my head back, your hair entwined in my fingers, my legs lock around you, holding you to me. You continue to thrust your fingers into me as I cum around you, screaming and whimpering, my orgasm Slowing, my muscles twitching around you, you lick the last of my cum from out of my pussy, slurping it up, tasting me. Never missing a drop. 

I lay there quietly, watching you. Thanks, you say. I touch your face and lightly kiss your lips.

You’re welcome, I say, as I watch Miranda get her bag and walk out the door.