 I'd like to start by saying this: I am not a Domme, though this is written instruction for a female body. I am a 20 year old girl with increasing amounts of sexual frustration, a penchant for writing, and determination to find that which pleases me. In fact, I've come to discover that I am actually a sub with a proclivity for both men and women. If you're willing to dominate, basically, I'm willing to submit.

All this to say: Yes, I am a princess. But princesses have the potential to evolve into Queens. So, for the day, I'm going to be your Queen. And you're going to obey me.

You don't need anything but your cute little hands for this one, pet, so don't start looking around for toys and supplies. I do, however, want you to start clothed. Put on whatever outfit makes you feel the sexiest. If that's a short skirt and a crop top, with a matching set of tight lace underthings, put that on. If that's boxers, a sports bra, and a loose t-shirt, put that on. The thing that matters most is that something is covering your breasts, something is covering your pussy, and there is one more layer on top of that. 

Once you're dressed, look for a flat surface. It doesn't matter if it's soft, or hard. Personally, depending on how kinky I'm feeling, I like to look for places that seem out of the ordinary or impossible. But you need to be able to lay down. Yes, your cushy bed will work, but I want you to rip all the blankets and pillows off and throw them to the floor. You get no extra comforts. The only ecstasy you know will be what I give you. The tiled floor of your bathroom will work. Sprawl out in your dry bathtub, if you wish. Dare to spread yourself on the kitchen sink. Better yet, dare to spread yourself in the entryway of your home. But make sure you can spread yourself. That's the most important part.

Lay down on your chosen surface. Put your arms by your side and keep your legs shut, extended fully on the ground in front of you. As if you were about to go to sleep.

Are you comfortable, pet? 

Wonderful. 

Now begins my reign. 

Look at your hands. Those are my hands. I control your hands right now. They are simply my tools, my instruments of torture and ecstasy. They are not yours. They do not belong to you, they belong to me, just as your breasts do, just as your lips do, just as your pussy does. It all belongs to me. Study your hands for a few moments until you have ingrained it in your mind that they are mine. Memorize them. Ache for them. 

Splay my fingers on your neck and drag them down as slowly as you dare...over your breasts...over your stomach...smooth them over your hips...drag them down until my fingers grip your inner thighs. Hold them there for a moment. 

You want them in your panties, don't you? You want my fingers to creep up and hook inside the waistband of your panties. You want them to drag the panties down until they hang around your ankles, until you are exposed in all your glistening glory to the air...to my eyes. To my fingers and the torture they will inflict upon you later. 

That's too bad.

With my hands, lift your knees up and spread them apart, so that your feet are flat on the floor, and your pussy would be exposed to me, if you weren't wearing those damn clothes. 

Drag your hands back up your body. Yes. Feel your skin. Feel your clothes. Feel how badly you want me. If you're already wet, you are both commended and scolded. If you aren't...well, aren't you just a tough little thing to crack?

Slip my hands underneath your shirt and splay my fingers on your stomach. Breathe into them. Become aware of every inch of your body. Of your arousal. Of your nipples. That's where my hands will go next, and that's what you must prepare for me.

Drag my hands up and cup your breasts over your bra. Feel how they want to be touched. And they do. They want me to touch them. 

I suppose I'll oblige. 

Remove your shirt. Remove your bra. You are only allowed to be in your panties and whatever bottoms you have put on yourself.

Lay in that position, with my hands splayed on the floor. Let your breasts reach up to the sky. Let them ache for me to touch them. Let them respond to the cool air. Let your nipples pique in curiosity. Let them wonder, let them beg, let them become aroused. 

Now lift my hands to them. Cup your breasts with my hands. Feel their warmth in my palms. Give them a gentle squeeze.

...

Now another.

...

Now another.

Move my hands slowly, so that they begin to build into a massaging motion, but don't you dare touch your nipples. Those are to be left alone for now. Feel the weight of your breasts in my hands. Feel how they respond to my palms. Dig my fingertips into your flesh every now and then and savor the sensation, savor the mild pain. Continue to massage until the urge to touch your nipples is so strong, you feel you might lose control.

Now. Let go of your breasts. Take the tips of my middle fingers and hover them over your erect nipples, so close you can almost feel them. So close your nipples can feel the heat radiating off of my fingertips. 

Now graze my fingertips over your nipples, as softly as you possibly can, 1...2...3...4...5 times. 

Now you will leave them alone.

Remember how you're still wearing your panties and your pants? I certainly do.

Slip my hand beneath the waistband of your pants or skirt. Cup my hand over your mound, over your panties. Do not put my hand in your panties. Let the heat radiate from the anticipation of my touch. Feel how your pussy yearns to be touched by my fingers, to be explored, to be pleasured. 

Now, take my middle finger, begin at the bottom of your slit, drag your finger slowly up until you reach the end. Do that ten times. I don't care how agonizingly teasing it is, and I don't care how wet you are. Do it. If after that, you still aren't wet, do it again, ten more times. Repeat until you are wet. Until your panties are damp and you want nothing more than to rip them off. 

You get your wish.

Slide your pants or skirt off. Slide your panties off. I want you utterly and completely naked. Exposed to the elements, but most importantly, exposed to me. 

Reach one of my hands up to your breast. Begin to massage it. Do not touch your nipples. I don't care how much they ache, I don't care how much it drives your arousal. Do not touch your nipples. 

Reach my free hand back down to your pussy. Explore your slick folds. Feel the wetness between my fingers. Take time to feel the texture of your labia. Every inch of your pussy is beautiful in a way that another's is not. And I'm going to take the time to cater to its needs. Of course, catering to its needs caters to my own needs, and you must remember that. Remember that I am selfish. That you only receive pleasure when it gives me pleasure. 

Slide one of my fingers inside of you, and rest my thumb on your clit. Continue to massage that beautiful breast of yours, but do not dare pump my finger in and out of you. Do not dare rub your clit with my thumb. That will come soon, but it does not come yet. 

Remove my finger. I want you to taste yourself. Yes. Put my finger in your mouth and taste you. Become familiar with that taste. It's a lovely taste, a taste I profoundly enjoy. There are fewer delights in this world than feasting on the pussy of another woman, and I intend to enjoy it as much as possible. So taste yourself. Know what I taste, know what I enjoy. 

Slip another finger into your mouth. Make sure my fingers are slick and wet and slippery. I want this to be as painless for you as possible.

If you are like me and you are so tight that another finger is painful or impossible, stick to one. 

Now. Slide my wet fingers back into your pussy. 

Now you get to pump.

But you get to pump slowly.

Take the time to feel the texture of the inside of your body. Feel the ridges. Feel how your muscles contract around my fingers. Go slow, but go hard. 

Now.

Remove both of my hands. Remove the hand from your breast. Remove my hand from your pussy. Reach up to your nipples, and give them ten hard twists. Massage your breasts and your nipples as quickly and violently as you dare. Slap them. Tug on the nipples. Twist them. Whatever you must do to increase your arousal, do it, for your release comes sooner than you think. 

Once you are aching and dripping, remove my hands. 

Is your pussy dripping? Is it aching for me?

Good.

Take as many of my fingers as you can fit, and slam them into your pussy, pumping as hard and as quickly as you dare. 

Pinch your clit with my nails three times. 

Hook the fingers that pump furiously inside of you. Hook them toward your entrance as you pump.

Now you get your release.

Rub your clit as hard and as fast as you need to. 

And when you cum, do not hold back. Do not censor yourself. Moan loudly. I want to hear your moans echo through the halls, and I want everyone to know about what I'm doing to you. 

Good girl.

Before I let you leave, you're going to comment. You're going to tell me something that is going to make me cum. You are going to give me material for my next story. You're going to try to make me wet with your comments. 

Enjoy the rest of your day.