 AN: I realize that it has been almost two years since I posted, but I figured ... why not? Thank you for all your comments on my story 'Your Queen.' As a thank you, here is my fantasy for how I'd like to lose my virginity. Please leave a comment!

*****

I know.

I know you asked me what my deepest darkest fantasy is, and I'm trembling right now because damn, I don't want to admit it. You think I do? You think any of you know what the truth is?

The truth is I'm a virgin. I can legally drink, and I'm still a virgin.

And the truth is ... I think of you taking that from me every goddamn night. I talk a big game, I know, and sexting you nearly every night for the last few months has given me more pleasure than I know what to do with. I know I've made you cum. I know I've impressed you. But to you, I'm sexy, and to you, I could fuck your brains out if you wanted, and to you, I'm kinky and know exactly where to put my fingers and my tongue to elicit the loudest moans from you.

But on the outside ... no one knows that. The truth is, I'm tiny. The truth is, I never talk about sex or masturbation in public. The truth is, everyone thinks I'm an angel.

But the truth is, I rub my clit to the thought of you fucking me senseless every night. And I know exactly how I want you to do it. 

You're a friend. I'm dancing around my apartment in a stupid gamer t-shirt and lace panties, my long hair twisted into a bun, no bra, making something to eat. Maybe mac n cheese. I hear a knock on my door and I frown, turning from the stove and wondering who the hell is at my door. My roommate is gone, so it can't be her. My best friend is also gone. So no one in their right mind would be knocking on my door right now.

Still, I turn the stove off, go to it and I cautiously pull it open to reveal: you.

My heart stops and leaps into my throat.

No one even knows I like other women, no one knows that I've given you as much as I can without actually giving you my body, and yet here you are. Dominant. Alluring. Sexy as hell. And almost immediately, my knees knock together as my stomach twinges in anticipation at what the sight of you might bring. 

"Oh!" I exclaim, opening the door wider and glancing surreptitiously out the door. "Hi! What are you doing here?"

You grin brightly and bounce into my apartment, armed only with a small, bulging sports bag. "I'm here to see you, princess." You wink, patting your bag. "After our last ... session, I couldn't stand it anymore. I want to fuck your brains out and make you moan and scream my name."

You say it so casually that I just stare, dumbfounded as I close the door and lock it. "How do you know where I live?" I'm a little disturbed by how much I actually don't mind.

"You gave me your address, remember?" You lift an eyebrow. "When I sent you that dildo I made you fuck yourself with for me?"

I blush immediately and finger the hem of my t-shirt, realizing belatedly how much I'm not wearing. Even though you've seen every inch of me, even though I've given parts of myself to you that no one has ever received, I'm still ... shy. 

"And I remember your fantasy," you admit, dropping the bag. I can't help but stare at you, drinking you in—every curve and every valley. The way your shirt clings to the curve of your breasts. The way your hair is already tied into braids. "Of course, if you don't want to do anything, I understand. But you're my friend. And I wanted to see you."

I stare at you and swallow. 

You frown. "I'm also your Domme. So remember, that I would be in control the whole time. I wouldn't make you do anything you're uncomfortable with. But it's your—"

"I want to," I burst out, surprising myself. My stomach twists in anticipation and excitement. "I do. I've ... I've wanted you so badly for so long now, I can't ... I can't wait any longer. Especially now that you're here."

And now that I can feel my clit beginning to swell at the mere nearness of you.

Your grin is wicked. "No one knows you're lesbian, right?"

I nod hesitantly. 

"Oh my." You wink. "No one else has to know how deep our friendship goes." You take a step forward. "It could be fun, actually. The secrets. The intrigue. The scandal."

My knees are shaking as you stand above me. You lift a hand to caress my cheek and my eyes flutter shut, my breath catching as you graze your knuckles along my jaw. I tilt my head up instinctively.

"I've waited so long to do this," you breathe. "I've waited so long ..."

The first brush of your lips on mine is soft and gentle. Hesitant. Shy, almost. 

I moan against you, stepping forward to bring my hands up between us.

And suddenly, it isn't soft and gentle anymore.

I make a noise of surprise as you grab my ass and yank me against you, crushing your mouth to mine. I lift my arms to twine around your neck, moaning into you as you dig your fingers into my asscheeks. Your tongue slips in and I moan again. It's weird and hot and wonderful and confusing and I'm spinning and flying and—

"Up," you growl against my lips. "Hop up."

I obey immediately, only half in control of myself as I jump up and wrap my legs around you, letting you back me up until my spine is digging into the wall. I dig my fingers into your neck, inhaling your scent as I kiss you hard.

You scrape your teeth along my lip and moan.

I'm pressing my breasts to yours, my hips rolling against you reflexively, my core already heating and seeking release that I know I'll find in you. Finally, I feel your body beneath my hands. Finally, I feel your hands digging into my ass, and your tongue in my mouth, and your lips against mine. Finally, I can feel the vibrations of your moaning against my skin.

Sucking my lip into your mouth, you swivel and march me over to the couch, laying my down across it and straddling my hips before pulling back. I'm breathing hard, staring at you as you stare at me. You smirk. "Take your shirt off," you say in a low, steady voice. "I want to see those beautiful tits of yours for myself."

I swallow and obey, reaching down and slowly pulling the hem of my shirt up over my head, my body flushing as my nipples peak immediately.

"Shit," you say, covering your mouth. "Fuck."

"Is something wrong?"

"Fuck no," you say, breaking into a grin. "Just ... wow. What I am going to do to those."

I can't help but smile a little.

You reach down and trail a finger around my peaked nipples, almost touching but not quite, eliciting a soft escaped breath from my lips. "The kissing was nice," you say, "but from now on, you do exactly as I tell you. Am I understood, princess?"

I nod.

"Say it out loud, princess."

"I understand."

"Good," you purr. "Good princesses get rewarded. I'll be a nice mistress tonight, since you're still a virgin, but ... if we continue to meet after this, I'm going to torture you until you're screaming my name and begging for me to fuck you hard and make you cum until you melt into your own puddle."

I arch my back and moan as you brush two knuckles across my nipples.

"Say 'Yes, mistress.'"

"Yes, mistress."

You roll my nipples between your fingers. "Say, 'I want you, mistress.'"

"Ungghhhh I want you, mistress."

You pinch my nipples and tug them up until they fall from your fingers and bounce back into place. "Say 'Take me mistress.'"

"T-take me, mistress."

You grin wickedly. "Gladly."

You pin my arms above my head, against the armrest of the couch behind me, and you bend forward, pressing a light kiss to each breast and nipple in turn. A drag of your tongue on the left. A circle of your tongue on the right.

A moan from me.

A smirk from you.

I arch my back against you, desperately trying to grind into you, trying to relieve some of the ache that is leaking from my body and soaking my panties, which I'm sure by now you've noticed somehow. My whole body shakes as you take one of my breasts into your mouth, rolling your hips over mine as you drag your tongue over my nipple. 

I throw my head back and moan louder than I've ever moaned before.

You've commended me on my ability to masturbate and cum quietly.

But I'm out of my mind.

I've never felt this before, never ached so badly. My clit has never throbbed so much, and I've never—

"Fuck!" I shout as you switch breasts and drag your free hand down my body to cup my mound. Your middle finger presses in and I want to scream and shake at the feeling of my clit being grazed by someone other than me. "Please, mistress," I beg. "Please."

You hum into my breast, kneading my nipple with your tongue, as though you don't hear me. But your hand begins to move. You drag it up over my mound to the hem of my panties and slip your fingers inside, hovering just over my clit.

You break away and look me in the eye. "I've wanted to touch your swollen little clit for so fucking long. You have no fucking idea."

I whimper. "Please."

You smile and bend to press your lips against mine again and at first I wonder why. But then your hand drags lower, and at the first brush of your finger against my clit, I nearly scream into your mouth, my chest heaving.

"Fuck," you say against me. "Fuck, princess, you're so wet and swollen for me. Oh, fuck baby, we could have so much fun training you up and getting you ready tonight."

But all I feel is your finger.

As it drags once across my clit, grazing that little spot on the side that nearly makes me cum instantaneously. As you drag it from my slit up. As you roll it between your fingers.

I'm breathing hard now, barely able to move as you kiss me incessantly, your tongue exploring the inside of my mouth as your explore me curiously with your fingers, learning the folds of my body, the slickness of my lips ... pressing a fingertip at my entrance.

"Ask me to fuck you, baby."

"Fuck me, mistress," I moan, arching my hips. "Fuck me."

You kiss me again and with little warning, your finger slips inside of me. We both still, chests heaving.

"Fuck," you say again, shaking your head. "You are so fucking tight. I don't ... wow. You're so fucking tight."

"You can ... You can help me with that right?" I gasp.

"Of course I can." You smile as I moan, your finger slowly beginning to pump in and out of me, exploring, experimenting. "Are you ready for number one baby?"

I open my eyes and frown, even as you continue to fuck me with your finger. "Number one what?"

You smirk and pull your finger out, dragging it up my clit once and forcing me to grab a pillow and bit into it. "You get to cum twice tonight. Are you ready for the first time?"

I moan and nod into the pillow.

But you don't put your finger back inside, where I want you. No. Instead, you roll off of me and sweep everything off the coffee table, not a care for where it lands. You grab me and lift me off the couch, settling me onto the table. "Lift your knees for me, baby," you say.

I obey, and you hook your fingers inside my panties, and slowly, agonizingly pull them down until they're all the way off and I'm completely naked before you, dripping onto my own table, glistening in the lamp light.

You kneel at the end of the table, between my legs, and take my knees almost reverently, and you slowly spread them. "Hello, little one," you say.

I whimper.

You wrap your arms around my legs and dip your head. And when you press your lips t my clit, I have to grab the head of the table and bite down on my lip to keep from screaming.

"I know how easily you cum," you say, bending to kiss my slit. You slip your tongue just into my entrance before dragging it up my clit. "I know how close you already are."

I can only moan.

"My my," you say. You flatten your tongue against my clit and flick it to the side a few times, experimentally. You chuckle. "You are so wet, it's adorable. You're shaking. I can see your pussy already clenching. Fuck, baby."

I was.

I was so close.

I could only breathe rapidly, only half aware of what was happening as you continue to dig your tongue into the crevices and folds of my pussy, lapping up every bit of juice you can find as my orgasm builds inside of me. My chest is heaving. I see nothing but the inside of my eyelids, know nothing but the agonizing pleasure of your mouth on my body, swiping and dragging and swirling and—

"Cum for me, princess."

I let out a scream as you fuck me hard with your tongue, driving your tongue into my pussy and rubbing my clit furiously with your fingers. Building and building and building and building and—

I buck my hips, crying out your name as my orgasm rips through me. My legs go up in the air reflexively, my toes curling, sensation tearing my mind in half in a way it never has before. It takes a while for the stars to clear, for me to calm enough to raise myself up on my elbows to look at you, my whole body trembling.

You blink, and I belatedly realize that your entire face is wet and dripping and—

Oh god. 

I cover my mouth with my hands, staring as I realize what is on your face and ... that ... it was me that did that. "I'm so—"

"Come here," you growl, standing and not bothering to wipe your face clean.

I get shakily off the table, my thighs still trembling as I follow you down the hall into my bedroom. "I—"

But you turn and shove me down onto the bed. "It's time for you to watch me strip," you say.

And I do.

I watch with rapt attention as you tear your clothes off until your breasts are hanging, full and free, every curve of your body borne to me, and I realize with a shudder that we're both here, both naked, both feeling each other's body and arousal. I swallow as my eyes drift down and I see the slickness of your thighs.

"Open your legs," you demand, walking toward me.

I splutter. "I'm too sensitive—"

You lift a brow, barely pausing. "You can say no."

I snap my mouth shut. I didn't want to say no. I wanted to scream yes, yes, yes, take me, fuck me, let me feel your pussy grind against mine.

You kneel on the bed, spreading your knees slightly and giving me a glimpse of your lips and clit. You look at me. "Touch me."

I sit up, shivering hard, and reach with a shaking hand and shaking fingers. You tip your head back and moan as I let out a breath, closing my eyes and exploring your folds, dragging a finger over your clit, savoring the feel of you for the first time in my whole life, and suddenly I want all of you.

You must sense this, because before I can lean forward and taste you like I want, you shove me back down on the bed. "Open your legs," you command again, and I do immediately, watching as you spread yours over mine and bear your pussy so our clits are nearly touching. "You're mine," you say. "Say it back to me."

I whimper, lifting my hips slightly. "I'm yours."

You gently lower yourself so your clit sits against mine and I throw my head back into my pillow and cover my face with my arms, moaning loudly at the nearly unbearable sensitivity, the feeling straddling pain and pleasure. "Say it again."

"I'm yours."

"Good girl."

There's no gentleness or hesitation this time. No soft and sweet exploration, none of that. You grind your clit hard and fast this time, cursing under your breath as I try not to let a scream rip from my throat. Even when my orgasm builds inside me and rips through me again, robbing me of my breath, you keep going.

I moan into my arms, bucking my hips against you until finally, finally, finally ...

I feel you cum against me.

I feel your grinding become uncertain, I feel every place where we meet, I feel you dripping into me, our juices mixing together. You hold my leg tight against your breasts, sucking on my calf and moaning into my leg. And after a moment, you shudder, drop my leg, and roll off to lay next to me.

You press a kiss to my sweaty cheek. 

I turn my head to catch your lips with mine, smiling against your mouth. "Thank you," I whisper, as you smooth a gentle hand over my breasts, twining lazy circles with your fingers. "I ... thank you so much."

You kiss me again, and this time, your smile glitters with malice. "Next time, princess, you won't cum at all."

I stare at you.

You pinch my breast slightly. "Next time, we begin your training."