 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes I need an editor and no, I do not want an editor. If this fact bothers you that much, kindly stop reading now.

Yes, it jumps around too much, yes there's too many people to keep track of, yes it's too long, yes it's too short, yes it's in the wrong category, yes this is stupid shit, and yes, I am a horrible writer, barely legible, hardly literate.

For those of you that have not hit the backspace key, I hope you enjoy this little tale.

*.*.*

Paula loved Laci Fontenot. The eighteen year old Asian girl loved Laci Fontenot's kisses. The beautiful eighteen year old blonde had full, pouting lips that were naturally pink, naturally moist. Because Laci believed that she suffered from mild halitosis, she constantly chewed sugar-free mint gum.

So Laci's kisses were soft, gentle, moist, and always tasted sweet, fresh.

Her pink tongue was soft, gentle as she used it on Paula's small breasts and small, hard nipples. Then, Laci would use her teeth to nip at, to bite Paula's flesh.

It tickled Paula's plump belly when Laci would lick and nip at Paula's soft tummy. She would giggle, which seemed to spur Laci on.

But then Laci would reach between Paula's heavy thighs, to Paula's sparsely furred pussy. Paula would shiver as Laci blew her hot breath across Paula's puffy pussy lips.

"Why they call it a 'pussy?'" Laci had asked one time as she gazed at Paula's pretty little pussy.

"I don't know," Paula gasped, anticipating Laci's soft tongue, gentle nips on her lips and clitoris.

Laci had long blonde hair, beautiful blue eyes and gorgeous smile. Her 32C breasts looked substantially larger on such a small frame. Her blonde tuft of pubic hair was crinkled, curly, forming a haphazard triangle between her lightly tanned legs.

Her skin tasted of the lotion she was forever applying to her young body. 'Sugar Cookies' was prominently printed on the bottle. Her pussy had a light musky scent and taste. Laci's clitoris was small, but was extremely sensitive to Paula's pointed tongue.

Since Paula was four foot eleven and Laci was five foot four, they found sixty nine to be somewhat cumbersome so the two usually took turns pleasuring one another. Paula loved to go first; Laci was usually too impatient. Paula would linger on each breast, avoiding Laci's large pink areolae and hard nipple, just nibbling and nuzzling Laci's beautiful round breast. Then when Laci was wiggling with impatience, Paula would suck and nip one, then the other nipple. Laci's concave belly also received much of Paula's attention as did Laci's inner thighs.

"Why DO they call this a pussy?" Paula wondered when she finally reached Laci's quite wet pussy.

She used her thumbs to pull Laci's fat pink lips apart. She then searched out Laci's small clitoris with her tongue.

Laci let out a shuddering moan of pleasure. And that was when Laci's father, Chris Fontenot had barged into Laci's bedroom.

Chapter 1

Laci's father was enraged. He yelled and screamed as both Laci and Paula shrieked, then tried to dress. All the while, Chris told the two lovers how disgusting they were, how filthy they were.

Don Pho Soo, Don Pho Soo agreed with Chris Fontenot. Her daughter was disgusting, filthy, a disappointment to her.

"I have no daughter," the North Korean refugee shrilled in Korean.

Chris Fontenot threatened to disown his youngest child, completely cut her off from his millions if she even spoke to her best friend ever again.

"So?" Paula tearfully asked her girlfriend. "We don't need his money."

"Easy for you to say, Paula," Laci angrily shrilled. "You've never had it!"

Upon their graduation from Cabrini Catholic High School, Paula returned to the house she and her mother shared with Sam Voisoin. There, she found her few worldly possessions in three cardboard boxes.

"Bye bye, I do my job, you not in high school no more," Don Pho Soo shrilled.

"I uh, you got a graduation gift from me, big box," Mr. Voisoin said, looking very uncomfortable.

Paula didn't blame the man. He was diabetic, had already lost one leg to the disease and was on dialysis three times a week. The man was as dependent on her mother as a newborn infant would be. 

Paula loaded her belongings into the small Toyota's trunk, took one last look at the Baylor Lake home that had housed her since she and her mother had escaped the crushing regime of North Korea. Then, wiping the tears from her beautiful almond eyes, she set her jaw and drove away.

Crisp had not taken her 'Visitors' hanger so Paula drove to the gated community. She waved to the guard and he smiled and opened the gate. Slowly, Paula drove past the home on Wentley Street. Across the front of the large home was a banner announcing Laci Fontenot's graduation from Cabrini High School. There were several cars in the drive and along the street.

Paula saw three of her classmates approach the house. She felt her heart constrict as Laci opened the door, looking beautiful, happy.

"I love you, Laci Fontenot," Paula whispered, used a neighbor's driveway and turned around.

She drove to Kimble, Louisiana, and rifled through her purse. Scrounging together two twenties and a few crumpled single dollar bills, she rented a room at the Acadiana Motel. Paula then lugged her three cardboard boxes into the neat, clean, well-worn room.

She found her pillow and put it on the bed. Then she found the paperwork from the American Embassy in South Korea. Clothing, even her Cabrini High School uniform filled most of the first two boxes.

"Oh yeah," Paula said as she saw the large envelope among the various items in the third box.

The front of the card said 'Congratulations!' Inside the card showed a man with robe and mortarboard, a set of buttocks laying on the ground next to him.

'You really worked your ass off,' it said.

"I'm so proud of you," Mr. Voisoin had written in the greeting card.

And there was a check for one hundred dollars. Paula knew, for the old man, this was a great deal of money; he lived on a fixed income.

Because it was now after four o'clock on Saturday, First Union Bank would be closed. But their ATM was available. Paula made sure the motel room was locked, then scampered down the stairs to her car.

After depositing the check into her account, after verifying that she now had seventeen hundred dollars available, Paula decided to get some Chinese takeout and return to the motel room.

Sitting on the bed, she searched for the television remote control. Finally, she located it on the top of the old tube television set. Next to the remote control was a small placard that said that there were adult movies, free with every room. Paula had developed a taste for pornography; it had been Mr. Fontenot's old vcr and vcr tapes that had brought Paula and Laci together.

"Amateur, Anal, ah, Asian!" Paula said and clicked on that selection.

She ate while watching petite Asian woman after petite Asian woman take on several cocks in different colors. Most of the cocks were massive, all seemed to squirt a lot of that nasty white stuff all over the smiling faces and unnaturally large breasts of the Asian sluts.

"Blonde, let's see," Paula said as she finished her beef and broccoli.

Most of the vignettes seemed to be of large breasted blondes having sex with well-hung black men. She switched on 'Lesbian' but found it curiously flat, unappealing. She then switched back to 'Latin' and gasped as she saw one harsh looking Latin woman shoving the blunt end of a baseball bat into the pussy of another harsh looking Latin woman. With a shudder, she switched back to the menu.

Shaved did appeal to her and Paula settled back. She propped herself up with the cheap foam pillows. She turned off the dim motel lamp and masturbated, watching vignettes of girls with hairless pussies pleasing one another, pleasing well-hung men, or pleasuring themselves.

The next day, Paula decided that she'd rent the room for the week, taking advantage of the motel's rates. Then, bored, she decided to go to a movie. Flipping a mental quarter, she turned left out of the parking lot and drove to the Flowers movie complex. She drove west on Highway 52, through Kimble, then Bender, Louisiana, before reaching the small town of Flowers. The small fuel light on her dashboard blinked on and Paula looked at the gas station that used to sit in the corner of the parking lot of the movie complex. The building was dark, the lighted sign had been removed.

The owner had taken to 'tweaking' the pumps to dispense one hundred and twenty ounces, instead of the one hundred and twenty eight ounces that made one gallon. Almost none would ever notice the discrepancy. After all, it was less than two cents per gallon. It was roughly forty cents per average fill-up.

A customer pulled in and filled his five gallon can. He was slightly curious when his gas can actually registered five point twenty five gallons. He then alerted Texaco of this strange anomaly. Texaco then sent out investigators who confirmed the rigged pumps. Within twenty four hours, the owner was arrested and the station was shut down.

Paula drove past the movie theater's parking lot, filled up her car at another gas station, then drove back. Again, she looked at the small building, then parked.

The movie was horrible. She missed Laci. At least, if Laci had been there, they could have laughed at the implausible plot, laughed at the cheesy dialogue, fought over the popcorn.

"Where you want to eat?" a girl asked her boyfriend as they trekked out of the darkened theater.

"Don't know; damn, Clark's ain't open," the young man said.

"Chuck's is," she commented.

"Fuck! That's what? All the way out there?" the young man complained.

Paula used her cell phone to note the exact address of the gas station. Google Maps had not learned of the Texaco's closing yet. Then she drove back to the motel.

'Red Heads' seemed to actually be more 'Interracial' than 'Red Heads' so Paula switched again to 'Latin' and sat back to watch the pornographic action.

Both she and Laci had agreed, Maria Morales had been the most beautiful girl in their graduating class. Well, most beautiful AFTER Laci and Paula. But both girls had admired Maria's beauty, her voluptuous curves. , her long black hair.

The scene on the small tube television showed to Latin girls pleasuring one another and Paula smiled sadly at the sight of the two young women kissing and fondling each other. It seemed that both girls were actually enjoying themselves, enjoying what the other was doing to them.

Then it switched to another vignette. This one showed a Latin looking woman taking on five well-hung black men. Paula switched back to the menu and reverted back to Asian.

"I fucky my ass," an Asian woman whined as she thrust a massive dildo into her anus. "Oh, fucky ass feel so good. I fucky my ass all time it feel so good."

Paula switched to menu, selected Anal and lay back to watch. After watching a large breasted blonde being roughly sodomized, after watching the almost bored expression on the woman's face, she was about to switch the television off.

Then the vignette switched to show two Asian women together. One woman had an enormous latex gong strapped around her waist. The other woman was sucking and slobbering on the latex dong. Then she turned and presented her ass.

Paula watched as the latex dong slipped into the other woman's rectum. Inch after inch slid into the stretched ring. The expression on both women's' faces was one of pleasure.

Paula rubbed her pussy as she watched the lewd action. When the vignette switched, she used the remote control to zip back to that vignette and played it again. She had to rewind the strap-on anal action three more times before she finally shuddered in orgasm.

Chapter 2

Texaco had washed its hands of the property. The man that had operated the station would not return Paula's calls. So, Paula went to First Union Bank and asked Heidi Moek, the branch manager if it might be First Union that held the mortgage on that property.

"We do," Heidi smiled at the chubby girl. "Thinking of re-opening?"

Paula then told Heidi of overhearing the couple at the movie theater. Heidi's smile grew wider. She then nodded in approval.

"Young lady," Heidi said. "How many other people were walking out of that movie?"

"I don't know, about twenty, maybe thirty, why?" Paula asked.

"They all heard that couple but none of them thought, 'hmm, here's an opportunity.' Let's get you set up," Heidi said.

When asked what the name was going to be, Paula drew a complete blank. Her round face actually scrunched as she struggled to think.

Then she remembered a time when she and Laci, sweet, beautiful Laci and she had gone to Clark's Drive-In for a large hot fudge sundae. They'd shared the sticky treat, each in a race to see who could eat the most. This, of course resulted in two eighteen year old girls whining and laughing as they complained of brain freeze.

Then Laci had leaned over the console, kissed Paula's syrupy lips and said, "Yum yum, ice cream."

"Yum Yum Ice Cream," Paula blurted out.

"I like it. It's simple and it says what you're selling," Heidi approved.

The building itself was in very good condition. Texaco had cleaned the shelves of their products. The owner had come and removed his own property, such as tools and sundry items.

Paula looked at the small shower that had been set up when the station had been a full service station. The garage portion was closed off from the main portion, accessible by a heavy steel door.

"Ms. Moek, there any rule says I can't live here?" she asked, noticing the industrial washing machine and dryer, the commode, which was surprisingly clean, and the wide open space of the work area.

"Well, no, but, why would you want to?" Heidi shuddered, seeing only the grease and grime around them.

"Because right now, I'm homeless," Paula admitted. "That address I gave you is actually my momma's and she don't want me around."

"She, why?" Heidi asked, now fearful that she may have approved a fifty thousand dollar line of credit for a drug addict.

"Because I'm gay," Paula admitted without hesitation.

Heidi stared for a long moment at the short, slightly pudgy girl, with her black hair cut in a cute pixie cut, beautiful golden skin, adorable round face and almond eyes. Then she smiled and shrugged her shoulders.

"Would have never guessed," she said. 

Superior Signs, LLC. Printed up the stenciling adhesives for the door, along with the store hours. They also constructed a lighted sign; the pole that used to hold the Texaco sign still stood. They also printed up ten aprons with 'Yum Yum Ice Cream' on the front.

The clerk at the Acadiana Motel shrugged, never looking up from her soap opera when Paula returned her room key. Paula had put a small twin sized bed into the work bay, bought a small television and dvd player, as well as several dvds from the 'Five Dollars' bin.

"Very nice," Heidi agreed, looking around at the new refrigerator, the new counter, the heavy duty cook top and the five tables in the shop portion of Yum Yum Ice Cream. "Now we need a Grand Opening party."

Chapter 3

Kathy Kroff, columnist for Parasols Magazine, writer of the Parasols Magazine column 'Cooking For Two. Or Three' was amused when the cute Asian girl had approached her to be one of the judges of an ice cream contest. Bobby Elswell, her boss thought it would be a great idea.

He also thought it would be a great idea for Paula to come in for a few test shots. Paula agreed, if he could persuade Kathy to do the ice cream contest.

Anita Lopez still operated the food trucks of Pizzaco, even though she owned Superior Signs, LLC, Superior Lawn Care, LLC, Superior Properties, LLC and St. Elizabeth's Distillery, maker of St. Elizabeth's Whiskey, Rum, Gin, Vodka, and beers. She agreed to be one of the judges at Yum Yum Ice Cream's ice cream contest.

David Torres, owner of Casa Ole Mexican restaurant, Cowboy's BBQ, and other restaurants in the greater DeGarde area agreed to be the third judge of the ice cream contest. When his wife heard that he would be the only male judge, she insisted on coming along.

"Like I'd even dream of going anywhere without you?" he laughed, rubbing her swollen belly.

"Don't rub that," Cindy whispered, big blue eyes wide. "You know what that does to me."

"Oh? Afraid you might get preggers?" he smiled.

"Well, aren't you?" she asked, feigning complete innocence

Since Kathy Kroff still worked as an assistant on the Performance 12 cooking show, 'The Cast Iron Stomach,' Performance 12 News crew heard about the ice cream contest. Chelsea Duhon, formerly Chelsea Guidry decided she'd cover the contest as well and began talking about the upcoming contest on the air.

KULD radio station, the independent radio station at the campus of the University of Louisiana at DeGarde also heard of the contest and interviewed Paula Don about the contest, about the idea behind Yum Yum Ice Cream.

"So, ice cream cones, sundaes, malts, that kind of stuff?" Danielle 'Spot' Daigrepont asked.

"Yes, plus hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hot dogs, chili dogs," Paula agreed, maintaining eye contact with the pretty red head.

"But getting back to this contest," Spot asked.

"Teams will be competing to see who can make the best ice cream," Paula again explained, by now wishing she'd never thought of the context.

"How many on a team?" Spot asked.

"Each team will have two or three," Paula said. "Since each team will be given a one half gallon ice cream maker that must be hand cranked, each team would want at least two people there."

"And why the bikinis?" Spot asked, tone of voice turning hard. "I mean, as a woman, don't you find that a little sexist?"

"Have you ever cranked ice cream?" Paula asked. "It's hard work. It's sweaty work. Plus that..."

She smiled even as Spot freckled face showed her displeasure.

"...no one said it had to be women," Paula stated. "If any boys are willing to put on a bikini? They're welcome to compete."

She did not fall prey to Spot's attempts to make the contest about objectifying women, making them nothing but sexual objects for others' prurient interests.

"Spot, if they don't want to compete, they don't have to," Paula said simply. "No one is forcing anyone to put on a bikini and make ice cream."

"But a grand prize of five hundred dollars will make a lot of impressionable young women come out," Spot spat.

"I sure hope so," Paula smiled. "After all, I bought fifteen ice cream makers for this."

Spot Daigrepont continued her anti-Yum Yum tirade each time she was on the air. By the deadline for teams to sign up, Paula had to drive to Baton Rouge to locate nine more half gallon ice cream makers.

Each team had to put up fifty dollars, each team had to provide their own ingredients. Each team was given forty five minutes from the time Paula shouted 'Go!' to hand crank their ice cream. First place was guaranteed five hundred dollars, second place would win two hundred and fifty dollars, and third place would receive one hundred dollars.

"Didn't tell me they'd be in bikinis," Cindy accused her husband.

"I uh, I didn't know," David said honestly.

"Well, I'm glad I came," Cindy said, kissing his cheek. "Keep them away from my man."

"This," David said, showing her his large wedding band. "This keeps them all away from your man."

Next to them, Toni was playfully arguing with her wife about all the young women running around in bikinis.

"Uh, car wash?" Anita asked Toni Delacroix, reminding her of their first weekend together.

"Oh, like whatever, that was what? Like twenty years ago?" Toni smiled.
