 Isabel could not believe that she had to go to the dentist on her birthday. She should be going out with her friends, not sitting here in the dentist chair getting the last of her baby teeth surgically removed. They promised her that everyone would get together next weekend for a blow out bash but this still sucked. But here she was, counting backwards from 100, eyes drooping off to sleep from the anesthesia. As the blackness came for her, Isabel swore she saw a figure standing in the corner. A beautiful woman, with glittery gossamer wings, carrying a wand....

"Are we awake?" The voice of the dental assistant brought Isabel's consciousness back into focus. The fog quickly left her brain and she looked around the room, searching. "Is everything alright, dear?" the woman asked her, concern in her voice.

"Yeah, jush wondrin where she ish."

"She who?" asked the assistant.

"The lady with the wingsh." came Isabel's slurred reply. She was so certain that she had seen the woman that she couldn't get her out of her mind. The ethereal beauty that Isabel had seen. She would give anything to see it again.

The assistant laughed. "Dear, the anesthesia does play tricks on your mind. People see, hear and say the darndest things. I was seriously thinking of writing a book when I retire. Oh, here." The DA handed Isabel a sealed bag with her three baby teeth inside. "You asked for these so passionately while you were under that the doctor said to just give them to you." Isabel took the teeth, looking at them. For some reason she couldn't fathom, she new that they were important.

A half an hour later, Isabel was walking out the door, catching a cab back to her apartment. As a freshman attending college outside her home state, she was so grateful that her parents agreed to pay her rent for the year. She had made some real friends in college and was happy to hang out with them. But, tonight when she opened the door, the quiet loneliness hit her. She was still tired from the anesthesia and didn't feel like eating. So after taking a nice hot bubble bath, Isabel decided just to turn in for the night and get a fresh start at being 18 tomorrow. She went through the pockets of her jeans, removing any loose change and the tube of lipstick she kept in there. Her fingers closed around the plastic bag she had crammed in as she left the dentist's office. Isabel slowly withdrew it, studying the teeth intently. Opening the bag, she poured the three teeth into the palm of her hand. Almost on impulse, she went to her bed and placed the teeth under her pillow. Oh, this is stupid Isabel thought to herself. What the hell did she expect? Three dollars magically appearing from the tooth fairy? Donning a fresh pair of panties, Isabel climbed into bed and started counting back from 100. She was out before reaching 89.

Isabel awoke with a gasp. Something had startled her. Then she noticed the tingling in her lips, the kind of feeling you get when someone kisses you intensely. Isabel knew she wasn't alone. Pulling her blankets up to her chin, like a shield, she looked around the bedroom and noticed a figure standing in the corner. Then the figure moved. The moonlight streaming through the window caused the room to light up in glittery brilliance when it touched the woman's wings. WINGS! Holy...Wow! The woman walked over to Isabel's bed and sat down beside her giving Isabel a good chance to see her. She was dressed in all white, the moonlight giving the clothing an ivory hue. The shirt, cut at the midriff, barely covered her ample breasts and the skirt was so short that Isabel could glimpse the woman's panties, even though her legs were together. The face had an other-worldly look behind it. Like one of those fantasy pictures of an elf but no artist could ever capture this beauty. Then there were the wings. Delicate, glittering in the light, they changed colors depending on which way she turned, going from an abalone white to a muted pink pastel. The lady reached out to Isabel. Delicate fingers grazed her jaw and Isabel felt the lingering pain from the surgery disappear.

"Who...who are you?" Isabel knew she should be frightened but was calm. She felt safe enough, just confused. The woman smiled. Perfect teeth, even whiter than her clothes, glowed bright in the moonlight.

"Child, do you not realize? I am the tooth fairy." Her voice was melodious. Calming. Soothing. Putting Isabel even more at ease. "I have come for the last of your baby teeth, dear Isabel."

"You were at the dentist's office, weren't you?" The blanket fell away from Isabel's upper body, exposing her small but well formed breasts to the woman sitting on her bed.

"Yes. I needed you to put your teeth under your pillow, else I would not be able to enter. So, I whispered in your ear as you slept to do just that." The tooth fairy reached out again, trailing her hand down from Isabel's jaw, grazing her neck and finally touching her left breast. Isabel closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of the gentle caressing. Then the tooth fairy shifted her weight. Facing Isabel now, she brought up her other hand, cupping the right breast and began to tweak the nipples to rock hardness. Leaning in, the tooth fairy touched her lips to Isabel's, who let out a small moan of desire. Isabel felt the tooth fairy's tongue lick her lips and when she opened her mouth, their tongues became entwined in a passionate kiss. The tooth fairy, never breaking the kiss, maneuvered Isabel's body so that the young woman was laying flat. Finally, ending the kiss, which left Isabel seeing stars and gasping for air, the tooth fairy began to plant little kisses all over Isabel's body. Pausing to gently bite each nipple, she made her way down the stomach until she got to the waistband of Isabel's panties. The tooth fairy raised her head and caught Isabel's eyes. Gazing directly into her soul, the tooth fairy smiled, the teeth again almost glowing white, and slowly pushed both the blanket and Isabel's panties off of her body. Her delicate hands spread Isabel's legs apart and she leaned down, licking up the juices that had leaked out of the pussy spread before her. Isabel gasped and let out a long, throaty moan as the tooth fairy's tongue brought her closer to orgasm. Then the fairy inserted two of her finger's deep inside Isabel's pussy, caressing her g spot.

Isabel closed her eyes tightly and held her breath as an orgasm ripped through her. Her whole body arched off the bed as waves of pleasure cascaded in her body, causing her to see stars. Isabel felt like she would never stop coming as her juices squirted out, covering the tooth fairy's face in her cream. At last, the pleasure subsided. Isabel was left panting as she opened her eyes to see the beautiful fairy standing up, looking down at her and smiling that dazzling smile. Then, the fairy began to disrobe. Undoing the knots that held the top and skirt to her body, the tooth fairy shucked off her panties and let them fall with the rest of her clothes piled on the floor. Climbing back on the bed, the tooth fairy laid her now naked body down on Isabel. Their breasts rubbed together, hard nipples poking each other's delicate tit flesh. The tooth fairy kissed Isabel again and the teenager could taste her own juices on the lips and tongue of the other woman. 

When they broke the kiss this time, Isabel noticed a glowing wand held in the tooth fairy's right hand. She began to touch the tip of the wand against Isabel's body and wherever it touched, a tingling sensation tickled her nerves. The tooth fairy maneuvered her body so that her thighs were on either side of Isabel's head and she was facing down, looking at Isabel's gaping pussy. Isabel had never seen another woman's naked vagina up close, never mind tasted one, but here she was, about to be in the position of pleasing this woman who had brought her so much pleasure. She could see the delicate pink folds of the vagina and the clit that was protruding from it's hood as the fairy lowered her body down on Isabel's face. Isabel brought her hands up and grasped the other woman's thighs, holding her in place as she tentatively began to taste the vagina with her tongue and lips. Oh! The taste was like sweet nectar and Isabel started to eat her out in earnest. Juices began to pour out of the pussy and Isabel lapped them all up, determined to not miss a drop. Concentrating on the clit, Isabel sucked the twitching nubbin in her mouth and gently bit down, scraping her teeth on the fleshy morsel. She felt the tooth fairy's thighs pressing on her head and knew that she was getting close to making the fairy orgasm. That's when the other woman touched Isabel's pussy with that wand.

Isabel gasped into the cunt she was eating as another orgasm began to build in her as well. The tingling sensation caused by the tip of the wand touching and rubbing her clit caused Isabel's legs to start shaking uncontrollably as the orgasm rushed through her. Isabel's fingers dug into the tooth fairy's thighs and she redoubled her efforts in giving pleasure to the other woman. Her head felt like it was in a vice as she heard and felt the scream the tooth fairy let out reverberate through her body. Both women, frozen in the throes of orgasmic pleasure, came as one, their bodies shaking simultaneously from each other's stimulations. Isabel thought that the orgasm would never end as her bed sheets were covered in her juices.

And then, Isabel could see again. Sunlight streamed through the window and the clock on the nightstand read 8:54. She sat up, looking around the room though sleep encrusted eyes but no sign of the fairy was there. The scent of her juices wafted up to her nose and her pussy felt sticky from the cum that had leaked out, her panties plastered to her body. Oh Jesus! What a dream! she thought to herself as she got up, stretching and preparing to take a shower to clean herself off. Turning back to the bed, she saw her pillow laying there, wet from her sweat. On a whim, Isabel reached down and lifted the pillow. She let out a gasp and felt her whole body go numb in shock.

Her baby teeth were gone.