 by Zara Greene as told to BrettJ © 2006

I really don't know where to start, so I guess I will start at the beginning. Okay, here goes ....

My name is Zara and it's a Dutch name. Well, the first name is. My father was a Canadian construction worker working in Holland when he met my mother, and fell for her, hard. My parents came to this country from Holland 15 years ago, when I was barely 8 years old. Mama and Papa didn't have a lot of money, so I am an only child. They worked hard to put me through school and now I'm going to try and become a Pastry Chef.

In High School, I was friendly, but kept mostly to myself. But I did manage to make one good, true-blue friend. That's Danielle, or Dani, as some call her.

Dani and I hit it off immediately. She once told me she thought my accent was sexy and it certainly seemed to attract the boys. Dani and I never lacked for dates, although she got a bit more attention than I did.

Okay, you all probably want to know what I look like, right?

I'm a pretty brunette of medium height, with a slender build. I've got nice breasts that suit my figure perfectly, if I do say so myself. I know I have good legs and a sexy little ass – which I've used to my advantage by adding a wiggle to my walk. My hair is brown, sometimes auburn, sometimes Chestnut-brown, like now. I like long hair and mine almost reaches my butt [ why cover up one of my best assets though? ] I have very full, pouty lips, but mine are natural, no collagen. My eyes are blue, with a hint of Grey.

I like to wear stiletto heels, short skirts and one boyfriend told me he liked it when I wore tight, white pants. I don't have a lot of money, but I do have some nice thongs. I've always wanted to own a nice collection of lingerie, like Dani does.

Dani's the kind of girl that draws your immediate attention when she walks into the room. She has a wonderful personality, with the good looks to back it up.

Danielle is almost 6 feet tall, almost all of it leg. In heels, she's breathtaking and she knows it. So she almost always wears heels. She also likes wearing her hair long and hers is a cornsilk blonde, also nearly down to her butt. Her face is so lovely, she's always smiling. Cornflower blue eyes, nice mouth with even, perfect teeth. She's got MUCH bigger boobs then I do and she likes to wear sheer blouses with lacy lingerie underneath, or something low cut. Dani almost ALWAYS wears skirts too and she has the money to buy stockings, which she looks great in. Her favorite outfit is a filmy black top, black lace bra underneath and her black leather mini, with silk stockings and black stilettos, the ones with the silver tip. I've always thought those stilettos were so sexy and I wanted a pair. Every time Danielle and I would go shopping, I'd look in the shoe store window and stare admiringly, knowing I wouldn't be able to afford them for a while. One of these days, I thought to myself.

There are lots of reasons Dani's my best friend in the world, but one of them is her party-girl nature – she's a wild one and loves life – and her big, wonderful heart.

With Dani, pretty well anything goes. She's well-traveled, her folks have wads of money. They own a very well-known Travel Agency, so Danielle gets around. When she came home from her last trip, she had a little surprise in tow. Racquel, her new girlfriend.

Dani had gone on a "Party Trip" to Vegas with some of her girlfriends. It was one of those "whatever-happens-in-Vegas" trips and Dani took full advantage of it. She drank a fair bit, danced until dawn, gambled and got laid quite a bit. As Dani put it, laughing wildly "I got my brains fucked out, Zars!"

While she said that, she was holding Racquel's hand. Tight.

I had never suspected my best friend liked women sexually, it surprised me for a split-second. But Dani is a free thinker, so as she and Racquel sat on the couch across from me, I listened to their story.

Dani and some of the girls went to a very exclusive Strip Club, you had to dress up in your finest to get in. Dani'd put on her favorite silver-lame top and mini – I know the one she meant, it's hot. The group of women watched the guys and the girls, whooped and hollered and made complete idiots out of themselves. A few of the girls started getting horny, hitting on the dancers – male and female alike. Dani was slightly embarrassed for her friends and apologized to the waitress who'd been serving them. The pretty waitress was wearing a French Maid uniform, it looked very sexy on the attractive girl.

Who happened to be Racquel.

Dani said that Racquel smiled and she saw that lovely face for the first time. Her heart was thumping. Racquel was talking to her, but Dani couldn't hear her, she was enraptured with her. It wasn't hard to see why.

Racquel was beautiful. Even sitting across from me, in a white silk blouse and blue jeans with boots [ also stilettos ] you couldn't not pay attention to her. Yes, she was really that beautiful.

Racquel had shoulder-length hair, a lighter shade of Chestnut brown than mine was. A sweet, lovely face, with high cheekbones and hazel eyes, even a cute, upturned nose. Breasts that were round and perfect, you'd swear she had a boob job [ she didn't ] And man, those legs – and that ass! Round, bouncy – perfect!

When Racquel got up to get a coke, Dani caught me watching her walk and laughed, saying "See?" Racquel called out from the kitchen and said "Was she checking me out?" She came back in the room and snuggled beside Dani.

I blushed a bit and Dani filled me in on the rest of the story.

Racquel had said to Dani, in her little-girl soft voice, that she was getting off work in an hour and she wondered if Dani would like to have breakfast with her, she'd love the company. Looking over at her group getting more inebriated by the second, Dani agreed. 

Dani told me she could barely contain herself, she found Racquel so appealing. She stayed in the club until Racquel finished her shift, but she stopped drinking. She wanted to be sober and enjoy her new friend's company to the fullest.

Racquel came out of the back room, now she was wearing a short white skirt and had her hair tied in a ponytail. Now, she was cute and fresh-looking. Dani told me she found Racquel so sweet and appealing, she'd never been this attracted to anyone before, man or woman. She was sure her nipples were hard and all she could think of was how scrumptious Racquel was. Dani told me she'd had a few experiences with women in college – which I didn't know about – but it was taking all her self-control not to pounce on Racquel. 

Racquel was nuzzling Dani as Dani was recounting the story. She was pretty, I couldn't help but notice. She had an air of sexy, fun, and even I was attracted to her. I wasn't into girls, I had never been attracted to a woman, but for a fleeting second, I pictured her naked. Oh, how yummy. I thought, feeling flushed. Then I shook my head and tried to listen to the rest of Dani's story.

The girls went to Denny's and had the Grand Slam – how cliché, huh? - and talked for hours. Dani was going nuts with the desire to make a move on Racquel, but she also genuinely liked the girl. How could she not? So she played it cool, not wanting to risk offending her new friend.

After a few hours, they wandered out of Denny's and walked the strip. It was Racquel who finally broke the ice and took Dani's hand in hers. They walked some more, but Dani finally turned to her pretty companion and asked for a kiss.

Racquel broke in "I thought the silly girl would never ask."

Dani smiled. "She has the softest, sweetest lips. The first kiss was gentle, but it took my breath away. The second – well, let's just say she has a pretty agile little tongue. We stood there kissing for a few minutes until we realized we were attracting quite a bit of attention. Two hot chicks in the middle of the strip, making out – we were drawing a small crowd of onlookers." She laughed that wonderful laugh of hers and Racquel spoke up again.

"Your friend was squeezing my ass and we were getting a little passionate. So I asked her to come home with me. My roomie and I work opposite shifts, so I knew we'd be alone."

I was trying hard – and failing – not to get turned on by the story, squirming a bit in my chair. Racquel went on.

"Once we were in the door, we were ripping each other's clothes off. Dani was so obviously into me and I couldn't wait to taste her pussy. I was kissing her neck, squeezing her big tits, running my hands up and down her legs and stroking her pussy through her panties. Zara, your friend is the hottest woman I've ever known – and I lived in Vegas.

We kept kissing, all the way to the bedroom, stroking each other, babbling, really turned on! Dani told me she liked my skin, I told her she had the sexiest tan. Her nipples get so big when you suck them Zara, like silver dollars. I could smell the scent of her pussy, I wanted to suck it more than any girl I'd ever been with!

When Dani and I got into my bedroom, she started kissing me all over, fingerfucking me, really aggressive. God, was I turned on! She was thrusting her fingers in and out of my pussy, hard, she was biting my tits, she was telling me what a hot bitch I was! Dani was wild, what a night that was.

Oh, but I gave as good as I got, didn't I Dani? I got out my favorite vibrator and dildo, strapped it on and fucked the hell out of her. She loved it, Danielle did, she was yelling for me to fuck her harder. I slapped her ass a few times when I was fucking her and when we finally stopped, we ached all over. But neither one of us was complaining, were we babes?"

I was mesmerized by this story. I knew Dani was wild, but this was the wildest I had ever imagined her being. Biting, screaming, being fucked by a fake cock – it was all so nasty, but despite myself, I found the images flashing through my mind very, very sexy. I wished I could have been there and seen it all, but I wasn't into women – was I?

The girls gave each other a soft kiss and Racquel laid her head on Dani's shoulder. "When Dani was ready to leave Vegas, she asked me to come with her. She told me she was nuts about me, but I didn't think I could give up my job."

"So I offered her a new job – with some extras incentives!" Dani giggled as she nibbled Racquel's ear.

I gave Dani a hug as I left and accepted one from Racquel too. She seemed so nice, but I couldn't help but be a little jealous. I'd been Danielle's best friend for so long, now she had another woman in her life, one who had a part of her I'd never know. Not only that, every time I looked at Racquel, I could imagine her and Danielle naked and in the throes of passion. At times, I even thought of myself in Dani's place, but I tried to put those thoughts out of my head. 

Over the next little while, I spent a lot of time with them. We met for lunch rather frequently, they were as inseparable as a pair of newlyweds. It was hard not to like Racquel, she had a bubbly, infectious personality and she seemed to make Dani very happy. Dani told me that she and Racquel both still dated men, but were happiest together and weren't dating as often. I was one of the few people who knew they weren't merely "roommates".

In an effort to cement a more solid friendship between Racquel and myself, Dani suggested we start meeting for coffee and lunches, alone. Racquel thought that was a great idea and she had great taste in food. I teased her that I was going to get fat, she responded that nothing could ruin my adorable little body. Oho, so she paid attention to other girls, did she? I was somewhat intrigued and somewhat flattered at the same time. We also spent a fair amount of time window-shopping, especially lingerie and shoe stores.

Life continued on, I tried to concentrate on my studies and dates. I never seemed to spark with anyone though, I found myself enjoying my times with Racquel and Dani a hell of a lot more. I looked forward to the "girl's nights" where we'd just sit around, eating junk food and watching dopey, sad movies.

My birthday came up and I was invited out for a wonderful evening. Dani and Racquel had pooled their resources and took me out for a fabulous dinner, drinks afterward and dancing in one of the area's better clubs. Lots of men – and a few women – were hitting on us, but we stuck to our own company for the night.

Dani had rented a nice Hotel room for the evening, knowing we'd all be a little too inebriated to make the drive home. "Besides," she said, slightly tipsy "We have your birthday present upstairs."

"Oh Dani, Racquel, that wasn't necessary. This has been a wonderful, fun evening, you didn't have to get me anything!"

"Yes, we did!" Racquel said, flashing that million-dollar smile. At times like this, it was easy to tell why Danielle had fallen for her. "Come on, let your two best girlfriends spoil you rotten!"

We rode up in the elevator together, I could hear the pair of them whispering and wondered what the heck was going on. I mused that it was true, I now had TWO girlfriends and realized my jealousy had vanished long ago. I liked Racquel, she made Dani happy and that was all that mattered.

The room was – well, let's just say luxurious was an understatement. You could have held a Gala Reception for 50 people in there. Sometimes, I forget how much money Dani has. I looked around the room and in the corner, saw a pile of boxes from local boutiques, including Dani's favorite lingerie store.

"ALL of those are for me?" I asked incredulously. Both women nodded.

I felt like a kid in a Candy Store. I practically tore the wrapping off, the girls clapped their hands and laughed along with me. Oh, my! They'd bought me peignoirs, teddies, bustiers, basques – the most decadent, seductive clothing I'd ever owned. Silk, lace, but all of it luxurious and sexy. Then I noticed a sly smile on both the faces of Dani and Racquel. "What's up?" I asked them both.

From behind her back, Dani brought out one final, smaller box. "We both KNEW you'd like this gift" she said, with a warm smile.

I took the box from her hand and gasped. Inside it was a pair of black stilettos, the silver-tipped ones I always thought were so sexy. That's when the tears started coming.

Danielle grinned at me again, Racquel was standing beside her, her arms around her. "You must have mentioned them a dozen times!" she said, as Dani nodded in agreement.

I just HAD to try them on and the girls said they made me look so sexy. "You have the legs for them!" both Dani and Racquel both told me.

I blushed and told them that I agreed, it was too bad that I had no-one to wear all this finery for. 

"W-e-ellll, that's not quite true" Dani grinned.

I didn't know what she was talking about, the confusion must have been obvious on my face. "What, did you hire me a Male Escort or something?"

"No."

I had never seen Dani at a loss for words until then. "We were – kind of – hoping ..."

Racquel cut in. "Oh, for God's sakes, we were hoping you'd like to wear them for us!"

"You?"

Racquel nodded. "We've talked a lot this last little while, Dani and I. We love each other, I can't imagine my life without her. But we both think you're hot ... so we discussed it and decided to take the risk of asking you to go to bed with us."

"What do you think?" Danielle asked.

"What if I say no?"

"Well, we both will love you as a friend. I love you Zars, so does Racquel. You're my best friend, but I have been wondering what you'd be like as a lover, so has Racquel --- and I think you might be curious too!"

I mulled it over, but only for the briefest of seconds. It was like a puzzle where all the pieces fell into place. I was in love with Dani, I knew it then – it is why no man could measure up, why I had been so jealous of Racquel. But Racquel's warmth had worn down my resistance, and if I wasn't in love with her too, I was certainly extremely fond of her.

I choked, and nodded.

I don't think I had ever seen Danielle smile that broadly. She and Racquel leaned in and kissed me – both on the cheek, at first, then one, followed by the other, on the lips. It was like being touched by the wings of butterflies, I have never known kisses like that.

They pulled away, my eyes were still half-closed. "Ohh, myyyy!" I sighed. "What next?"

Danielle took one hand, Racquel took the other, and squeezed. "Well, we both were thinking that we'd all change into something sexy, pile into the big bed and both of us will teach YOU how much fun making love with a woman can be. Sound good?" Dani asked.

"Yes." I went into one of the en-suite bathrooms, Dani took the other and Racquel stayed in the bedroom. I knew which outfit I wanted to wear – and I was darned sure going to wear those stilettos, I had waited my whole life to wear shoes this sexy!

I came out of the bathroom, shyly at first and gasped when I saw Racquel. She was lovelier than any fantasy I had ever had, exquisite with her hair down, diamond-drop earrings and a sexy, white lace, silk-embroidered teddy. She wore matching white stilettos, how appropriate. I sat by her on the bed and we kissed, tentatively, while we waited for Dani to emerge from the other bathroom.

Danielle was well worth the wait. She came out in a long, black silk negligee, with a slit up the side that revealed her best asset, long, tanned legs. She was wearing these sandal-like shoes that crossed a good way up her legs, very sexy, very vampy. Her shoes also had stiletto-points.

Bet you're all wondering what I wore? From the second I saw it, I knew the black, sheer body stocking was for me. It molded to every inch of my slim frame and the little rosette patterns were so sexy. It dipped down low in back, just above my cute little ass and it also had an opening at my pussy. It was designed for sexual play, and I am sure Dani and Racquel bought it for just such a reason. I felt very sexy and desirable, I'd made up my eyes with a smoky mascara and accentuated my lips with a dark burgundy lipstick. I looked pretty hot myself!

Dani joined us on the bed, I was sandwiched between them. Dani took my face in her hands and kissed me, much more sensually this time. Her tongue slid across my lips and into my mouth, my heart raced and I could feel my nipples stiffen immediately. I felt Racquel's fingers on my other cheek and turned towards her, she was an even better kisser than Dani. She had this way of kissing, it was like her tongue massaged your lips and I could feel the heat radiating from her. I just let myself go and be drawn into the moment.

"You're so sexy, so very sexy!" I heard Dani murmur as she caressed me through the body stocking. "I think I've wanted to do this for a long time, I'm so glad you didn't run away!" she said, tears glistening on her cheeks.

I kissed her tears and ran a finger through her blonde hair. "I would never have run, you're my best friend, I love you silly!"

"Hey lovebirds, there are 3 of us in here!" Racquel said teasingly, jolting us back to the moment. "Hey you, are you trying to steal my girlfriend?"

"Maybe" I said teasingly and felt myself being gently pushed down onto the bed. Racquel was the first one to be on top of me and I felt her firm, round breasts pressed into mine as she kissed. From the corner of one eye, I could see Dani caressing her legs, massaging her ass, stroking the lips of her pussy as she pulled Racquel's tiny white thong to one side. I had never seen anything so blatantly sexy, but I figured the best was yet to come.

Racquel's gentle, knowing hands ran down the sides of my body. I could hear panting as if from somewhere far away, then realized it was my own heavy breathing. I was excited, so excited I could barely think, just went with the new sensations coursing throughout my body. Racquel moaned and I looked over again, seeing Dani bury her face in Racquel's soft pussy. She even moved up and licked Racquel's round, sexy ass from time to time.
