 To say that I have always been shy is an understatement. Still a virgin at 17, two days shy of my 18th birthday it is not because I haven't had loads of offers from guys to get in my panties and pop my cherry as they so eloquently put it, it is just that I don't get the warm fuzzy vibes from guys. Girls and women of every shape and size however have always sent my heart racing, and I didn't know what to do about it, so for all my life I have just observed, lusted and fantasized about making it with a loving woman.

I guess there is no other way to put it than I have always been a short haired athletic shy dyke wanabee. I can remember attending a slumber party at 13 years old and was silent as the subject turned to boys, the way they kissed and their penis sizes. I excused myself and went to the bathroom, and there was a hamper of dirty clothes. Curious, I looked in and there was a pair of Stacey's silky white panties with light yellow stains across the crotch. I hesitated as my heart began to beat wildly, and looked around the small bathroom as if anyone was watching, then with shaking fingers slowly removed them and brought them to my nose. I took a very short sniff then threw them back in the hamper, berating myself for being such a pervert. But after a brief pause, I picked them up again, and returned them to my nose, inhaling deeply and feeling my young pussy juice up for the first time. The smell of sexy Stacey's dried urine and vagina secretions was intoxicating, and with closed eyes I took in her wonderful sent for a good 30 seconds.

Disgusted with myself, I tossed them back in the hamper, then sat to pee, berating my scummy lowlife self for my sick behavior. I wiped, then joined the other girls, inwardly feeling like I had written across my forehead "sick and demented" for everyone to see.

That incident was only one of hundreds through the years of making me feel as if I was a lost demented outcast with deep hidden secrets and desires for women that no one could ever understand.

I learned through all of my experiences just to sneak peeks at my classmates, teachers and other beautiful girls and women, keep my lusting thoughts to myself and just be satisfied with my vivid fantasies.

The internet and my lustful imagination provided my only sexual outlet. I surfed the lesbian sites and printed out beautiful women making out, locked in tight embraces, licking each others' pussies and fucking each other with big dangling strap-ons. I would hide these pictures under my mattress and take them out to finger myself as I envisioned one of my classmates or sexy teachers locked in a similar embrace.

Two days later, the big day arrived. I turned 18 and was "legal." But legal for what I wondered. I wasn't gorgeous at 4'11" and 105 pounds, but I wasn't ugly either. I had always been referred to as a little pixie and "adorable" or "cute as a button." 

My tiny little flat breasted, rather muscular body though did have one advantage. It made me the perfect candidate for gymnastics, and I excelled at it, my one claim to fame. In addition to loving throwing my body through space, I loved looking at my naked classmates in the locker room and shower after a meet or after practice. Today was no exception.

We had a great sweaty practice session preparing for an upcoming dual meet, and I loved looking at my beautiful teammates lather up their hair, breasts and hairy or shaved pussies. Every one of them were in incredible shape from all our hard work. Coach Jo Summers, the most beautiful woman on earth and stringent task master put us through grueling workouts and made sure that we were all in fantastic shape.

I watched the last of my teammates head back to the locker room to dry off and dress, so I was ready to turn off my shower, when I heard, "OK Reynolds".....that's me.....Kathy or Kat Reynolds.... "Let's move your ass. Maintenance will be in to clean in 20 minutes."

I turned and gasped audibly. Coach Summers was bare assed naked, placing a towel on one of the hooks, and ready to take a shower. She NEVER had showered with us before, but decided to work out today, so I guess she got sweaty.

I knew she had an incredible body, but seeing it without clothing was beyond any fantasy I had ever experienced. She was about 5'6", maybe 135 pounds of sleek feminine muscle. She reminded me the beautiful body builder from years ago, Rachel McLish, or Maybe Cory Everson. 

She caught me staring when she turned, stopped with an exasperated look on her face and her hands on her bronzed hips. "Stop your frigging gawking and finish your shower."

I was never more embarrassed in my life, and all I could say was "Right coach" and turn back to the shower.

I didn't reach for the Fawcett to turn it off though, and instead reached for the soap to lather myself up again. I just had to buy more time to look at this beautiful goddess. 

Facing her shower, I watched her beautiful biceps relax and flex as she washed her short brown hair. Her bubble butt ass was perfectly formed and had indentions on each side accenting their tight muscularity. Her thighs and calves were also perfect, shaped wonderfully from years of gymnastics competitions and coaching. Her toenails were painted a bright scarlet letting it be known that this muscular Amazon was also 100% woman. Her beautiful round breasts had no need for a bra as they were perfectly shaped from pull-ups on the uneven bars. Her areolas were a deep rich brown, and her pubic patch was thick and black, though nicely shaped.

Suddenly she stopped lathering her gorgeous body and turned to look at me again, and caught me staring once again.

"Reynolds! What the fuck...pardon my French, is wrong with you? Quit staring and finish up."

"I'm sorry Coach. I'm just about done."

All I could think of as I turned to wash off the remaining soap was how beautiful Coach Jo was, and what an incredible fuck up I was for my ogling her.

"I heard some of the girls talking to you about it being your birthday. Is that right Reynolds?"

"Yes Coach."

"Got any plans to celebrate?"

"No, my Mom is a nurse and will be working the night shift, and I never knew my Dad."

"That sucks Reynolds. No one should celebrate their 18th birthday alone. Finish up, and get dressed and you and I will hit a bar I know."

I couldn't believe my ears. Was I being asked out?almost like a real date? Okay, maybe it wasn't a date, but as I have said, I do have a rich fantasy life. My imagination began to run wild as Coach and I exited the shower and she went to her office and I went to my locker.

Once reaching my locker I continued to be a nervous wreck. I grabbed my panties and examined them to make sure there weren't any brown skid marks or yellow piss stains. What the Hell did I think would happen? Did I imagine Coach Jo ripping off my undies and making mad passionate love to me? My friggin' imagination was in overdrive.

I quickly dressed, then went outside the locker room to wait for Coach. My eyes must have been the size of half dollars and I believe my jaw actually dropped as I saw Coach Summers exit the locker room dressed in black leather from head to toe, complete with a pair of spiked black patent leather heels.

Coach caught me staring again and smiled at my look of admiration and casually said, "Just something I keep in my closet for when I feel like partying. Come on, let's go."

With her hand on my back, she guided me to her Civic, unlocked my side and opened the door for me to get in. Then she got in her side and opened the glove box and pulled out a pack of Marlboros and a couple CDs. 

I was shocked when she withdrew a cig from the pack, lit it up and let out a long exhale of smoke from her mouth and nostrils. Don't look so surprised. I smoke when I hit the bars. I would offer you one Reynolds but you are in training, and I KNOW your coach would kick your ass if she caught you smoking. I couldn't help but laugh, and couldn't help to think how sexy she looked smoking in her hot leather outfit.

I watched as she studied the cigarette in silence, and finally she spoke.

"Reynolds, I made have read you wrong, but I have noticed through the season how you look admiringly at your teammates, and how you kept stealing looks at me in the shower today. I've never seen you with a guy, so correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you like women as much as I do."

I immediately turned red and shyly looked down at my lap. "I didn't know I was being so obvious Coach. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable looking at your body."

"Hell Reynolds. Don't act like you committed the crime of the century. It's not every day that a 33 year old lesbian is admired by a sexy little eighteen year old. I am very flattered."

"Really Coach?"

"Damn right Reynolds. I've always had the hots for your sexy firm little body, but being your coach and teacher, and you being a minor, I was smart enough not to make any moves. Now that you are a legal 18, you are open season if you want to be. I don't want to force myself and my beliefs on you."

I suddenly felt like a dream had come true, and I couldn't believe what I was hearing. It was hard for me to fathom that this beautiful woman could be attracted to my tiny boyish body.

"One of the best things about teaching and living in Falls Church, Va, is that it is so close to DC, which has a great Lesbian community with ample entertainment. If you are up for it, I would like to take you to one of my favorite places in DC called Phase 1. It's an awesome lesbian bar in Southeast, and I can treat you to dinner and beer since you are legal now."

I was so happy I think my smile could have lit up all of Northern Virginia. Good things just don't happen to Kat Reynolds. I didn't want to wake from my wonderful dream though, so I quickly said I would love to go.

"Good" Tossing her cig from the window, she started the car, popped in a CD of "Tegan and Sarah" and off we went.

We stopped off for dinner around 7:30 at a restaurant called HOPS, known for their good food and huge assortment of beers. Coach really got the stares as we entered, but they didn't seem to faze her, and I felt so awesome being seen with her.

We were seated in a booth and Coach told the waiter to bring us two Powder Horn Pilsners. After the waiter left, we studied the menu and coach recommended the ribs, which were 'to die for'. I took a chance and ordered a half rack and Coach a full rack when the waiter returned with our drinks. I couldn't believe this was happening as I sipped on my first brew.

"Like it?"

I smiled, which was becoming contagious around Coach, and said, "Yeah, it tastes great" as I downed almost half of it."

"Whoa lady! Slow down a little. I don't want to have to carry you out of here."

"Sorry Coach. It just really tasted good to me."

"Well we have a full night of partying ahead of us, so just take it slow and drink it with your meal. It will affect you less on a full stomach."

Coach lit another cigarette and exhaled a beautiful plume of smoke, then sipped her beer. I knew it was unhealthy, but I never wanted to smoke more in my life. I wanted to dress in leather, say fuck and what the hell, and become this woman of my dreams. 

The waiter brought our ribs and fries with a plentiful supply of napkins. Coach was right. The sauce they use was incredible, and the meat was so tender it fell off the bones. The only problem was they were super messy, but that only made it more fun and sexy. Coach would slowly move her long tongue over her mouth to wipe the sauce away, and then slowly lick her fingers erotically.

I didn't want to be outdone, so I mirrored her actions, which brought a smile and chuckle from her. "Now you're learning Reynolds."

I was floating. The delicious food, beer and Coach's wonderful company made it the best meal and birthday I had ever had, but it was only beginning.

After putting the bill on her charge card, we headed back to her car, and once again she opened the door for me and then went to her side to get in. We hit Southeast DC around 9 PM, and there was a big circular sign outside a building, reading Phase 1.

Soon after we entered, the tattooed butch Manager, named Syd approached us and smiled and embraced Coach. I was shocked as they put a lip lock on each other complete with visible tongue action. 

Finally separating, Syd looked at Coach and said "You've been mighty scarce Grrl, but you are hot as ever. Who's your little play friend? She's quite a cutie."

Coach put her had on my back and slowly rubbed up and down sending warm erotic waves through my body. "This is one of my favorite athletes I coach, and we are celebrating her birthday....and possibly her coming out tonight. Am I right Reynolds?"

I shyly smiled and took Syd's hand to greet her and answered a quiet "Right Coach."

The place was already of buzz of activity with women of all shapes and sizes and forms of dress, eating, drinking, dancing and making out. It was as if I had died and gone to heaven and finally found a place where I fit in and belonged. I couldn't remove the smile from my face as I took it all in.

Syd led us to a booth and I slid in, and was thrilled when Coach slid in beside me instead of sitting across from me.

"What do you think Reynolds? A little crazy eh?"

I felt like a surprised kid on Christmas morning and looked around with my same goofy grin, saying "Crazy, maybe... but I love it."

"Good Kiddo, because I want to make this a birthday you will never forget."

Coach ordered us two "Buds" and an order of chips, then an emcee came on stage and got the crowd worked up announcing that "Killer Katie" would be taking on "Dynamite Donna" in a winner take all Jell-O wrestling contest.

The crowd hooted and hollered as the warriors entered the arena below, topless and dressed in the skimpiest of panties. Both women looked sexy, athletic and buff, and both scowled at each other with fierce looks of determination.

The match started, and I had never seen anything so sexy. This wasn't staged, and both women really knew some moves in addition to being extremely well built. 

Coach leaned over and yelled in my ear about the roaring crowd, "My money's on Killer Katie."

They continued to give and take for 20 minutes until finally Dynamite Donna ran out of gas and gave a verbal submission; bring yet more roars from the crowd.

As things settled down to a gentle roar, I turned to coach and feeling a bit of a beer buzz brazenly said, "Bet I could kick your ass in a match Coach"

"Think so Tiny Lady?"

"I may be tiny, and you be strong as an ox, but I have great stamina, am YEARS younger, and can move like greased lighting."

"Okay big talker, let's see how you get out of this hold," and she moved her head in to join our lips in a gentle kiss. Seeing that I put up no resistance, she moved closer and began to probe with her tongue causing my body to feel like an electric switch had been thrown to ignite all my lustful senses. Eighteen years of dreaming of my first kiss created an explosion in my body as my fantasies could have never lived up to the wonderful feelings I experienced.

Coach explored my mouth aggressively with her talented tongue, and then removed it, so my tongue could follow into her mouth. When she trapped and began sucking on my tongue I thought I would pass out. All of my defenses had vanished and all I could do was give little girl moans and squeals of sheer bliss.

Coach took her advantage and did not let up for a second as she placed her strong fingers at my crotch and began to rub up and down, causing to my legs to spread as I gasped for air. I never dreamt it could be so heavenly with another beautiful woman, and then she ended the kiss leaving me weak and spent.

"Still think you can kick my butt little Grrl?"

"God Coach. You are the undisputed Champ and there can be no equal."

Coach laughed and said, "Whadda ya say we finish our beers and have a dance? A slow one should be coming up next if your game."

"I've never danced Coach, but if you will lead I am willing to give it a try."

"That's my Grrl.

We polished off our beers then headed to the dance floor, with Coach stopping and holding out her arms for me to join her.

I moved into her embrace tentatively, but once she wrapped her strong arms around me, and began to lead me around the dance floor, the more relaxed and secure I felt. I never wanted the song to end or our embrace to stop. Towards the end of the song, Coach leaned into me and whispered in my ear, "Do you have any problems in getting out of here and going to my place for a nightcap?"

This is what I had waited for all my life and what I had spent countless nights fantasizing about, and now that it had arrived, I was totally thrilled, and totally scared shitless. I had seen countless pictures of women making love, but had never actually come close to it. I was so afraid of doing everything wrong and letting Coach down.

I looked down and gave a tentative "OK Coach."

Coach read my apprehension wrong and said "We don't have to go Reynolds."

"It's not that I don't want to go Coach. It's just that I'm scared."

Shocked, Coach said "Do you think I would harm you in any way?"

"Oh Hell no!!! It's just that should we become romantic....which would be great, I am so inexperienced that I know I will screw it up and just disappoint you."

Coach drew me in and lifted my chin so I was staring into her beautiful big brown eyes. "We all have our hang ups Little Bit. I worry that I am too old for you and also that I will have corrupting a cute young girl on my conscience for the rest of my life.

"Oh Coach. Never feel like that. Even at 33 you are the hottest female alive, and I have waited my whole life to find love with another woman, so don't think of it as corrupting me as much as being an answer to an endless prayer."

"In that case, let's hit the road and let the chips fall where they may."

I tried to relax but I think both of us were a little tense as we were mainly silent most of the way to her condo in Falls Church. It was a nice one bedroom at Park Towers, and we entered and walked down the hall to 613 with her hand on my lower back guiding me and probably trying to reassure me that everything would be fine.

I was so thankful that Coach knew what she was doing and how to proceed. As we entered her unit, she closed the door and so as to prolong the anxiety, she took me in her arms and once again kissed me, slowly at first, then going deeper and deeper until I felt like my knees would buckle from the arousal I was feeling.

Coach felt as if I was faltering, so without breaking the kiss, she picked me up and guided my legs so they would be wrapped around her. Her strength and beauty continued to amaze me.

Both of our tongues slowly dueled and danced in a circular motion as I gasped for air and sucked down her delicious saliva. The sandals I was wearing slipped off my feet so I joined my bare feet in a tight embrace, which my spread pussy rubbing against her stomach driving me crazy with the friction.

Coach broke the kiss and I was almost relieved to gulp some air, but she continued her attack by slowly moving the tip of her tongue up and down the inside of my ear, while breathing warm intoxicating air. Then she moved her tongue into the center hole of my ear causing me shriek, "Oh my God!" I never felt anything so incredible.

She nipped and bit at my earlobe, continuing to bathe my whole ear with her talented tongue, then she would slowly move to my neck, taking gentle bites and sucking on my sensitive flesh. I was writhing, closed eyed and swaying under her assault, and had to taste her delicious flesh once again, so I tried to follow her lead as closely as I could.

I explored her ear with moist hungry lips, tongue and teeth, in awe of my newly found intoxicating behavior. I was losing all control as I licked and bit her neck, perhaps a little too roughly, but was thrilled when I heard her sigh "Oh yeah Babe. Fantastic."
