 I was so infused with nervous energy, I felt like I was buzzing, like Fedora ought to have been able hear it. She was just watching me, letting me caress her naked breast, letting my thumb strum her nipple. I didn't dare meet her eyes.

"That feels nice," she said sweetly.

I bowed my head still further, but I couldn't remove my hand from her freaking boob. It was so soft and smooth in texture, and so full and supple in my palm. I adored the feel of it. Even after what had happened to me at the apartment that afternoon, I had never supposed I might be a lesbian. Evidently, I was a fair bit bisexual, but I was hardly rare in that, among women. No? I mean if they were in my situation... And it's not like I'd gone out to a dyke bar looking to pick up, or even like I took advantage of the situation because I'd always wanted to screw another woman. No, I had stumbled into an indisputably erotic situation, and I'd gone along because it was a turn-on being naughty, daring to taste the forbidden fruit. Sure it was. But nowhere in there, really, was Lesbian. Not capital-L Lesbian -- you know, PREFERRING women, more interested in seeing Monica Bellucci's chest than Brad Pitt's. But now, the feel of Fedora's breast in my hand was utterly euphoric -- a delight in the face of which I found myself opening to the idea of "Lesbian"; considering at least. This wasn't just taboo lust at this point, was it? How could it be? I wanted to be intimate with Fed more than I ever had with any man, not just physically, but in every way. I didn't just want to fool around with her; I wanted to make love to her.

Gawd! I was becoming a real life version of such a preposterous fantasy! I was ravishing, I knew -- definitively attractive, and young and ripe and taut. As good a specimen of the female creature as Fedora would ever meet. A college babe, no less, who had been straight -- to her knowledge, genuinely straight -- her whole life. And here I was topless in the back of a car with a sexy Mediterranean lady fifteen years my senior, deciding that her right breast alone turned me on more than any raging hard cock I'd ever seen or imagined. But fuck it all, it really did. Fuck, it did! My wispy panties were completely immersed in pussy juice at this point. I could even feel it running down to between the cheeks of my ass, staining my satin slip (my "dress"), which had been scrunched from above and below into a thin ring around my hips.

Fed, a thirty-four-year-old lesbian, could not possibly have hoped for such mind-blowing luck.

Fed put a finger under my chin and raised it so that I'd look at her. Oh shit! she was beautiful. And being thirty-four, she had replaced the soft, juicy sexuality of youth with a hot, lusty elegance. Beautiful dark hair, beautiful dark eyes, beautiful dark lips. I wanted her to kiss me. I wanted her to kiss me so bad, and then she leaned forward so that our lips were just a breath apart, and I pursed mine out and met her. Then she came in further, with her whole body, and I felt the softness of her smile and the softness of our breasts squashed against each other. I could feel how mine was firmer and smaller, burrowing ever so slightly into hers. I'm sure I made some kind of noise.

I won't even begin to pretend it was a chaste kiss; my mouth was open a half-second after contact, and I slipped my tongue between her lips. I think she was surprised by that, but she wasn't thrown off for long. She was deft with a kiss, and I quickly came to feel like a bumbling child; she mastered me, subdued me with the smart caresses of her tongue, and I submitted. Happily came the realization then that I loved the taste of her. And I absolutely loved the smell of her as my nose pressed into her cheek and we shared each other's breath. I took in her scent as deeply as I could. I felt cold fingers on my tit next and I shuddered for an instant, but then I channelled the chill into a renewed ferocity in our kiss. It pleased me to no end to have Fed touching me again, more delicately this time.

I was getting lipstick all around her mouth, and no doubt I had her darker shade all around mine. We peeled our lips apart; we paused. We studied each other's face, so close. She had taken my whole breast into her firm grasp by this point and was kneading it slowly but deeply. "Did Kell tell you I was a lesbian?" she asked, smiling just a little.

"Yes."

"And so you've been playing tease with me all evening."

I turned my head and shrugged, helpless to deny it.

"I wondered, you know, when we met in the hall, just before we left, if you swung me way."

"Really?"

"Wasn't that what you intended?"

"No! I mean, I should tell you, Fedora, I'm not really a lesbian."

"Not 'really'?"

"I mean, I haven't been with women, generally speaking. I'm kind of shocked you picked up on...something. Was I that obvious?"

"No, not in the hall. But when you checked out my cleavage in the doorway, I think we can safely call that obvious. You're not really trying to convince me you're the innocent straight girl going bent, are you? I mean, lesbian alone was too good to be true! And you know it, don't you. You've been toying with me. You're the 19-year old campus venus, who knows she can have any vaguely bi-curious undergrad she wants, or her short-haired, unmarried professor if it tickles her fancy, or her best friend's listless mom, any night of the week. The blonde bimbo, the skinny bookworm, or sporty-spice. Tell me I'm wrong. Which is your favourite?"

She was so wrong, but I didn't correct her. Instead I said: "You forgot her voluptuous biology T.A."

"I'm not your T.A. That's very important to stipulate here." She laughed.

"What if I take your class next semester?"

"I won't hold any of this against you."

"Against me?"

"We both know you'll have moved on by then."

"In that case, would you give me an A for another go? Or, like, for having me go down on you in the ladies washroom after class?"

"Well, that might depend on how good you are at it."

Oh, she knew what she was asking. I pushed her back so she was lying across the seat, I hiked up her skirt, and I yanked down her panties. I was dying to do it. I looked at her pussy. She had a dense, curly bush like Kell had said, and glistening lips of a brownish hue. I lapped them lightly with my tongue and she sighed. I savoured the taste, moved it around my mouth. Then, unable to delay any longer, I sealed my lips to hers and pushed my tongue in deeply. Fed didn't contain her pleasure, and Kell was well aware of everything we were doing. I had to imagine the look on her face, though, because there was no way I was tearing myself away from Fed's clit. She bucked every time I touched it. It was my first pussy, and it was delicious.

That was my first night eating out with Fed and Kell. Of course, we forgot all about the restaurant.