 (This story has a slow start, about a woman, dissatisfied with her life and her body, finally finding something by accident that makes her happy with both) 



 Zoe was grumpy even before the plane landed at Hamburg International Airport. She wasn't really looking forward to this Hen weekend at all. Actually she had wanted to back out, but she knew she couldn't. What made it worse, she had been away with the Army skiing for two weeks and had managed to drop her phone in the toilet. Well that wasn't quite true, when she was pissed on the second night, she forgot her phone was in her back pocket and it fell out whilst she was trying to get her jeans undone. 

She exited the plane and went through immigration easily enough and then waited with the rest for her bags. Just in case she turned on her phone, but it was still dead. Great she thought, absolutely great. She waited for her bags and then left the terminal finding a taxi, she gave the driver the name of her hotel. Sitting in the back she watched the journey in to Hamburg, it actually didn't look like she thought, she thought it would look like London but it didn't.

 The taxi took her through the Reeperbahn, the famous Red Light area of Hamburg, where her hotel was located. It was busy, and obviously open for business, which made her frown again. Why the hell couldn't they be going to Ibiza or something for this Hen Weekend, why the hell did they have to be in the Sex Capital of Germany. Still when the taxi stopped outside her hotel, she brightened some, it looked really nice. Paying the taxi driver, she didn't even have to struggle with her bags as a doorman took care of that. Cool she thought and made her way to the front desk.

 The receptionist smiled and spoke first in German and seeing the total lack of comprehension on Zoe's face switched to English. "Guten Morgan, how can I help you?"

 Zoe returned the smile "Hi, I have a room reserved". She couldn't help but notice how model pretty the woman was, she was older than Zoe and with her dark blonde hair and startling blue eyes, she looked stunning.

 The receptionist nodded and looked down at her computer a moment "The name please?" As she did, she bent slightly and Zoe, caught the impressive way the woman filled out her starched white blouse. Damn she thought, model looks and the body to match. For a moment she hated the woman.

 She didn't realise she had been staring at the receptionist, until the receptionist politely cleared her throat. Zoe blushed and stammered "Zoe Canon".

 She waited a few moments as the receptionist tapped away at her keys. She glanced up as she saw the receptionist frown slightly. "I am sorry, there is no reservation in that name".

 Zoe, took a deep breath, great, just fucking great. Before it dawned on her, maybe the rooms had been booked in Lisa's name as she made the arrangements. She felt like slapping her forehead. "Could you look under Lisa Bolton, please?"

 The receptionist tapped away, nodding a little to herself but then gave Zoe the bad news, "I am sorry there was a reservation for 5 rooms, for Lisa Bolton, but they were cancelled 3 days ago".

 Zoe stared at her a moment "What do you mean cancelled. Who cancelled them?"

 The receptionist shrugged apologetically "I would assume Mrs Bolton cancelled them". 

 Zoe took another moment. Great, here she was stuck in Hamburg all alone. Her flight was non-refundable and wasnt due to depart until Monday. Her only option was to stay "I see, do you have any rooms?"

 The Receptionist clicked away again, and finally nodded. Sighing Zoe produced her credit card and passport and began booking the room. When it got to how many nights, she asked for three as her flight home wasn't until Monday.

 Finishing, she headed for the lifts, whilst a bell boy carried her bags. She grumped all the way to her room and gave him his tip before closing the door. The room she had to admit was lovely, it was large and more comfortable and classy than one she would normally stay in. She walked across and looked out the window, well the view wasn't great, but what the hell. Walking back to the desk she sat and blew out her cheeks in frustration. This was just great, here she was in Hamburg on a Hen Weekend she hadn't wanted to attend anyway and hey, all alone. The story of her life!

 She checked the room service menu and noted there was a gym and spa in the hotel. Maybe she could pamper herself a little. Instead, she picked up the phone and asked for an international number. She waited listening to the ring tone, until her sister answered. 

"Hey Jo, what the fuck is happening?"

 Jo used to her sister and her abrupt manner of speaking, asked "Zoe where are you?" 

 Zoe said "Hamburg at the bloody hotel"

 Jo actually laughed, "Oh my God, didn't you get the messages?"

 Zoe shook her head, feeling an idiot because her sister couldn't see her on the phone "What messages?"

 Jo laughed again, "The Hen weekend is cancelled, Alice broke her ankle on Monday night, she's in plaster".

 Zoe angrily retorted "So no one thought to tell me then?" 

 Jo calmly said "I left you about six voice mails, not to mention the text messages and e.mails and missed calls".

 Zoe blushed "I ehm, broke my phone".

 Jo said "Dropped it in the toilet again huh?"

 Zoe blushed, "OK, maybe. Anyway, is anyone coming this weekend?"

 Her sister paused "No babe, we all cancelled, no point having a Hen Weekend without the Hen is there".

 Zoe grumpily replied "No I guess not. Well, I'm here now, so I guess I will give you a call Monday when I get back."

 Zoe hung up, and rested her head on her hands, well what was she going to do for the next three days, she had no idea. First thing she was going to do though was have a bath and get some sleep. She felt grumpy and tired not a good combination. As she was about to get up, she saw something that made her pause, in the room service menu was a leaflet, for an escorted tour of Hamburg. For a moment, her mind centred on the word escort and she thought of prostitutes, or hookers, but then she figured, it must be just the translation and meant guided tours. Its not like they were going to advertise hookers in the hotel room service book was it. She headed off towards the bathroom, and turned on the hot tap. 

 The bathroom was all marble and absolutely huge as was the bath. You could easily fit two of three people in it. She returned to the bedroom and opened her cases, looking for her wash bag and make up bag. She headed back in to the bathroom, and put her things down on the marble counter, before quickly stripping off her top, jeans and socks.

 One wall of the bathroom, was just a mirror and she couldn't help looking at herself, something she usually hated. It wasn't that she wasn't pretty, lots of people thought she was, she just didn't see it. Looking at herself in the mirror, dressed just in her plain white cotton bra and knickers, her lip curled in disgust. She stared at herself, her brown hair, fell to her shoulders when not in a pony tail like now, her eyes were an unusually light blue and she was slim, her slimness matching her 5'5" height and giving her the suggestion of curve at her hip and bottom. From her tiny little A cup boobs, well if you could call them that, to her too bony hips she hated the look of her body. Her stomach was flat and quite muscled which she was proud of and her legs were graceful and strong, her bottom round and what some would call pert. But she never saw that. She quickly turned away before taking her bra off and knickers and getting in the bath. She slipped into the hot bath and settled in resting her head back on a small towel she had folded.

 Lying in the bath, she tried to relax, to just chill. She let her mind wander, she didn't know why, but she always felt sort of empty like something was missing. Her mind wandered to her sister, with her sexy figure, her husband and two kids. Her sister was two years older than her 22, and already she had everything that Zoe thought she should want. The trouble was she didn't. Jo was her parents favourite, she was sure. She never knew why, but she just felt like she was different to them. She wondered sometimes if she were adopted. But she knew she wasn't. She just well, felt different. It was like dating, Jo just seemed naturally to attract boys and then men, and was always happiest when she had a boyfriend and now she was married, well she was unbelievably happy, which although she hated to admit it, really pissed Zoe off. She had always struggled romantically, not getting lads, they all seemed to want to get in her knickers, God knew why, but she just felt, like when she dated someone it was like pretending. She couldn't describe it, or explain it, but there it was. In actual fact she hadn't had a boyfriend for 2 years, that's not to say she hadn't had sex, but she couldn't live with all the holding hands and whispering sweet nothings, that she just didn't feel. She was honest enough to admit, that she usually only slept with someone, when she was drunk, it just made things easier and allowed her to be more responsive to them.

 She sighed maybe when she met 'The One' it would be different, maybe then she could be happy like Jo and not be such a disappointment to her mother. She was always on at her to find a young man and settle down. Jeez, the mere thought of that made her skin crawl.

 Eventually as the bath cooled, she got out, catching a glimpse of her naked body, the tiny little breasts which couldn't even be described as pert and the heavy growth of brown pubic hair, covering her mound. She watched as cool air caused her brown nipples to harden and begin forming the thick nubs which so embarrassed her when they showed through her outfits. She grimaced at the hairy growth over her mound, but she felt she had no choice. It always surprised any man who got into her knickers just how hairy she was, most girls her age she knew shaved or at least trimmed, but she couldn't. Underneath the hair, she knew was her most embarrassing secret. At one time she used to shave, and had loved the smooth silkiness of herself bare of hair. But that had changed, when her boyfriend at the time, had commented that when she shaved herself smooth, it made her look like a young girl. It was true, she had a tiny cleft and her labia were so small that they didn't extend beyond her outer lips, giving her the look he described. It was after that she began growing her pubes back to cover herself.

 She quickly dried herself, and wrapped a towel around herself, going back in to the bedroom, she brushed her hair and flopped on the bed, for a snooze.

 When Zoe woke she was starving and padded across to the room service menu, she quickly picked something and rang through. Ordering her food and a glass of wine, her eye was again caught by the guided tour advert. She paused a moment as the lady on the phone asked "Is there anything else madam?"

 Zoe was about to say no, when she suddenly blurted "Ehmm the guided tours you offer, how much are they?"

 The voice on the phone said "They start at 100 Euro's an hour and then 50 Euro's every hour after that".

 Zoe asked "How long do they take, the tours?"

 The voice on the phone chuckled, "That depends, on what you want to do and see, but all our registered agents, will ensure you get the very best of the time" the voice paused "Would you like an escort madam?"

 Zoe, thought for a moment, why not, someone to show her around, who spoke the language would be great. She couldn't just sit in the hotel room all night could she. So she replied "Yes, an escort would be good".

 The voice then asked "Do you have any preferences Madam?"

 Zoe wasn't sure what they meant and asked "Preferences?"

 The voice was patient "Yes, male or female, blonde, brunette".

 Zoe couldn't see what it mattered about hair colour, or anything, but she certainly would prefer a woman, rather than a man. So she said "A woman would be great, other than that it doesn't really matter I guess".

 The voice paused "Of course madam and would there be any special requirements?"

 Again Zoe had no idea, what special requirements meant, but suddenly thought of the language and said "I need her to be able to speak English well". 

 The voice said "Of course Madam, and what time, would you like your escort to be available from?" 

 Zoe wasn't sure so blurted "8 oclock".

 The voice paused a moment and she heard tapping keys over the phone, "Of course Madam, Mona will be with you at your room at 8 Oclock. Is there anything else?"

 Zoe said there wasn't and hung up. She frowned a moment, had she just ordered herself a hooker on room service. Surely you couldn't do that, could you?

 At reception, Ingrid finished the booking for Miss Canon in room 220 as her friend Mona finished booking in another pair of tourists. Ingrid paused a moment, before finishing, waiting for Mona, to finish with her customers before saying "Mona, hon what are you doing tonight?" Mona glanced across at her friend "Nothing why? Do you want to go out for a drink?" Ingrid smiled as she pressed the accept button "No, its just, I Just booked you a date tonight"

 Mona stared at Ingrid "You did what, I told you I am finished doing that".

 Ingrid smiled "Yup, I know, but this one is perfect for you".

 Mona frowned and said with finality "Ingrid, I don't care who it is, I'm not escorting anymore". 

 Ingrid just smiled back "Even if its that cute English girl who booked in a couple of hours ago, Room 220?"

 Mona paused knowing exactly which English girl Ingrid meant, she had been a real cutie and so beautiful, that when she was booking her in Mona had felt herself getting aroused. She frowned, "You sure, Room 220?"

 Ingrid nodded, "Have it right here, Room 220, Zoe Canons, a lady escort for 8 Oclock tonight". Ingrid watched Mona thinking about it and added "I can cancel if you want, I would have taken the appointment, but I don't finish until 10".

 Mona thought about the cute English girl, in her baggy top and jeans. For a moment she felt her mouth water, wondering just how beautiful the girls body would be. But she asked "How long does she want?" 

 Ingrid grinned knowing that Mona was going to take the appointment, "She doesn't know" then with a smirk she said "I booked it in to the system for 1 hour. Any extra time will be between the two of you".

 Mona sighed, Ingrid was breaking the rules. Escorting appointments had to be booked properly on the system and the Room was then charged with the hotel taking 20% commission and paying the girl the rest. She glanced around, making sure a manager was not nearby. They were alone for the moment. Ingrid could get in a hell of a lot of trouble and even lose her job if she got caught, putting shortened appointments on the system. Ingrid rolled her eyes, "Listen, she is just what you like, cute and slim and sexy. Just go and see what happens". Ingrid knew that Mona hadn't had a boyfriend for some time and split up with her last girlfriend badly a few months before. She grinned at Mona "And you can pay me back, if you need an extra pair of hands or a mouth after 10, you know who to call". 

 Mona laughed, "Ok, I will do it, but there is no way, I am sharing her with you!"

 Ingrid threw a pen across the counter at Mona "Spoil Sport" and they returned to work.