 Hey everyone,I appreciate the positive feedback for my first story and I want you to know I already have part 2 started. However, I also have several other ideas for other ongoing series and want to get them out too. So, just bear with me. What follows is a story with dirty talk and lesbians using a lot of toys. If that's not for you, no problem, I understand. As I get them submitted, please let me know which series you enjoy the most. Thanks!



Her mouth tasted like cotton, her head pounded like a bass drum, and her throat felt like she'd been drinking sand.  She was scared to open her eyes, but that was less to do with the dry contacts she'd forgotten to take out than it was the familiar splitting headache and resulting fear of sunlight. It was Saturday morning in the world of Zoe Patterson, which meant that last night had been Flirty Fridays at X. THAT meant she wasn't alone. She tried to reach across the bed for confirmation, but she had passed out with her arms tucked underneath her and they were asleep. She rolled herself onto her back with her knees and collided with the previous night's conquest, still dead to the world and hidden under a comforter. The mystery girl moaned softly and stirred, but didn't wake up. 

"Thank goodness" thought Zoe. The more time she had to clear the fog before attempting human contact the better. She lay still for a couple of minutes and then reached blindly toward where she'd be most likely to find a night stand, hoping to find a water bottle. She located the stand and searched with her hand. Change, somebody's thong, keys, but no water. Zoe sighed and grimaced. The feeling was almost completely back to her arms, but the pins and needles were coming with it. "Am I even in my own house?" she thought. Zoe reached over the side of the bed and immediately located a bottle she recognized tipped over on the carpet. "Wow, my Zestra.... I don't get out the good lube for just anyone." Zoe hoped she'd be able to piece the night together if she'd actually brought home someone worthy of such treatment. "Ahhh, yes," she said aloud as she located the warm bottle of water. "It was a home game."

Each Friday before she left the house she filled 2 bottles of water and put one on each night stand for just this reason. If it had ended up on the floor, she and her mystery woman must have been enthused enough to knock furniture around, which was good news. Zoe lay back on the bed, screwed open the top and took a long drink. Warm or not, it felt fantastic, both on her lips and on her body as it spilled out the sides of her mouth. She poured a little into her hand and splashed it on her face. It offered relief from the warmth of her bedroom, plus it helped make her eyes functional again. She opened them and blinked several times to focus. 

Sun shone through half closed blinds from the window on the far side of the room. Her Irish Setter Lucy snored softly in the pool of light. Zoe sighed contentedly and beheld her naked reflection staring back at her from above. The girls gave her an enormous amount of grief for having a mirror on the ceiling above her bed, but how often had they asked to bring someone home to her place over the past 3 years? Too many to count. She looked a little rough this morning no doubt, but she was none the worse for wear. The condo's ten foot ceilings meant she wasn't really close enough to properly survey the damage from a night out at X, but no matter, whatever dents and scratches she absorbed were temporary. 

She loved gazing up at herself on mornings like this. Her long, soft, brownish blonde hair tousled and messy, betraying a night spent having it pulled, ground into the mattress, having soft fingers run through it lovingly, or, on the best nights, all three. She ran her hands over her breasts and jumped as she fingered a couple of fresh bruises.  She guessed that her new friend hadn't treated them lovingly last night, but that was ok, Zoe had probably asked for a little "good pain". Her nipples hardened against her palms and chills went down her back. Her older sisters loved their double and triple D's, but Zoe was thankful she had topped out at a C cup. They were super perky, her nipples nearly pointing up at the ceiling even as she lay on her back. Plus, they were small enough to be easy to buy for and, at 36C, still plenty big enough to draw attention in any crowd.  

The girls all called her "Goldilocks" and her hair color had little to do with it. Her freshman year at the University of Toronto, a dorm mate she had turned to the dark side had gotten drunk and loudly described her tits as "not too big, not too small, but juuuust right." You don't shake a story like that until at least grad school. Also, her friends liked that the name played off the fact that most girls who got with Zoe would leave the relationship to go and try other things, reluctantly mostly, but almost always came back for more. 

Her skin was soft and silky and a golden brown, thanks partly to genes, but also to a borderline religious use of moisturizers and tanning lotions.  Her daily regimen of yoga and periodic trips back to the soccer pitch ensured that, even for a 22 year old, she stayed extraordinarily fit. Pinching an inch on her stomach was borderline impossible and her legs remained feminine and sexy despite being relatively short and defined from her years of "football". But the features that attracted the most attention were easily her beautiful face and round exquisite butt. For these, she had to credit the Columbian and Peruvian background of her grandparents. The dark, exotic features of Zoe's face and the latina-esque roundness of her ass had been passed to her stunningly beautiful mother and then to Zoe only. Her sisters had taken more after their father with their pale skin and longer, slimmer frames. They were still beautiful, but Zoe was again glad for the variety in the gene pool that enabled her to stand out. 

Zoe slid quietly out of bed, trying not to awaken her mystery woman, and tiptoed into her ensuite. Her bladder was going to explode and she needed the contacts out, but she also wanted to get washed up in case her companion wanted more before taking off. They usually did. As she showered, she ran the previous evening through her mind. Her last clear memory was sitting around a table of 3 girls all vying for her attentions while a new tray of daiquiris arrived. Zoe talked out events in her mind trying to piece together the intervening hours. 

"I went to the bathroom, walked out of the stall and the redhead was standing there. There was a kiss and we left without saying goodbye to anyone." She paused and frowned. She couldn't remember the trip home and hoped there was no car parked in her space in the garage.  Zoe shook her head. The hangover was normal for a Saturday, but she was annoyed that she had the alcohol blackouts. That wasn't like her at all and she blamed the shooters a friend had corralled her into doing to celebrate her own birthday. As hard as Zoe thought about it, she couldn't bring to the surface any memories between roughly 2 and 5. The shower clock read 10:02. She didn't have to be anywhere until after 5 pm, so a day of sleep to recover was likely ahead. She attempted to play with herself but there was too much on her mind from last night for her to concentrate. Normally the feel of her newly waxed sex all slick with moisture would trump all else in her life, but not at the moment. She sighed and turned off the water. 

Zoe dried off and wrapped the towel around her head. As she walked back into the bedroom she kicked something hard and almost tripped. The pain was sudden and sharp. "OW!" she exclaimed and covered her mouth right away. Her bed mate was certain to be in as rough a shape as Zoe and she had always been a top-notch hostess. Guests and friends were always free to sleep the day away and stay for a meal. Her discomfort gave way to amusement when she realized what she'd been kicking around. 

"Were we throwing toys at each other or something?" Zoe smiled to herself, bending down and picking up one of the highlights of her collection. Glass toys were more expensive, but Zoe spared no expense when it came to the bedroom and the long, thick double header in her hand had been worth every penny. 

Zoe took a close look at the room for the first time this morning and quietly laughed. What WASN'T on the floor in her bedroom right now? At the door were 2 shirts, 3 socks, a sweater and...was that...? Yes, a pair of glasses. Zoe closed her eyes and thought. "Yep, Red was wearing glasses." She now saw the thong on the night stand was hers and her jeans were crumpled up at the end of the bed. The door to her bedroom was open which wasn't normal. 

She peeked out and saw that everything was mostly in order, except at one of the sofas in the middle of the living room. Walking out into the cool air of the rest of her condo was such a relief to her naked skin. When she reached the living room she only had to consider things for a few seconds to CSI-together the previous evening's events. Her friend's thong and skirt sat on the floor next to the sofa and the cushions were strewn about. Obviously Zoe had attacked her as they came through the door. She guessed there had been an oral sex interlude at the couch before heading to the bedroom where they apparently played darts with her toy chest. 

Zoe collected the girls' clothes and brought them with her back to her room. She collected the rest of her things as well and placed everything on a chair next to the night stand so she wouldn't have to walk around looking for things when she woke. As she set everything down, Zoe stepped directly onto her anal beads half sticking out from under her bed. "This is hilarious," she thought. "I just hope I wasn't in some mood and being pushy." The girl had the covers brought up all the way to her head, so she couldn't see her face, but she could see the shock of red hair against her white silk pillowcases. 

Zoe walked around to the other side of the bed and pulled the sheets toward her to straighten them out. As she did, her strapless strappy flew out and hit her in the leg before falling to the floor. As she reached down to pick it up, she noticed a harness with straps peeking out from under the bed as well. Zoe rose to her feet, hands full of toys. "We were busy I guess," she giggled. 

"I'll take the left hand please."

At the sound of the unfamiliar voice, Zoe looked up hopefully. Red was sitting up, the sheets only covering her from her waist to her knees. Zoe had anticipated that the sight of her face would trigger an "Ah hah" moment, but she was still drawing a blank. "Sorry, left hand?"

The other girl smiled and pointed. "If you're making me choose my weapon, I'll take what's in your left hand."

Zoe grinned back and nodded in understanding. "The strapless and the beads huh? Feeling adventurous?" 

Red shrugged. "Pretty vanilla when you consider the night we had, don't you think?"

Zoe felt a twinge of excitement. For the first time, she studied who she'd spent the evening with. Her hair was red alright, bright carrot red. Freckles dotted her face and chest down to her small breasts, and her skin was pale, almost a porcelain color. Not the pinup lipstick lesbian type that Zoe normally woke up next to, but she had a certain...something...about her. The way she sat there, covers falling off her, staring right at Zoe, smirk of confidence on her face; it was alluring. "Riiiight, vanilla." 

"Zoe?"

"Yeah, hi, I ummm..." Zoe was frantically wracking her brain one last time for anything she could grasp onto. Her eyes darted about the room. 

"Zoe, you aren't just looking for a door to kick me out of are you?"

Zoe sighed. "Absolutely not." She sat on the end of the bed, and allowed her collection to fall back to the carpet. "Listen, I'm just embarrassed. I have no memory other than meeting you at your table, kissing you in the bathroom and waking up here. I don't remember what we did or your name even, I'm really sorry. Believe me, I don't normally act like this."

"Like what?"

"Irresponsible. Blacking out is for high-school kids who can't handle it. I should be better than that."

"Sure, but you sound pretty sorry and I'm guessing it wasn't on purpose. You should probably give yourself a break. I'm certainly going to." She smiled and reached forward to touch Zoe's knee. Zoe was starting to see why she may have been ended up with her out of all of the talent at Club X on a Friday. When she smiled, she could really dazzle. She had bright white perfect teeth and gorgeous green eyes that twinkled with trouble....the good kind.  

Red rolled off the bed and strode past her toward the bathroom. "Zoe, we'll just have to get to know each other all over again, that's all." Zoe saw that this was the way to truly appreciate her.  The small breasts, freckles and playfulness suggested a tomboy, but her long slim legs, round little butt and confident strut gave her an obvious sex appeal. Zoe put her at 5' 9", practically a giant against her own 5 feet, 1 inch. Lucy popped her head up and wagged her tail. "Luuucccyy, my fellow countrywoman!" The redhead bent down and rubbed her belly and Zoe let out a low whistle. Red's pussy was completely shaved, very lickable and entirely within reach. She looked back and caught Zoe looking. She just stuck out her tongue and continued into the bathroom. 

"Brat," yelled Zoe at the closed door. She smiled and picked her hair dryer up off her dresser. Most people would have been seriously awkward in the situation Red just found herself in, and maybe a little upset or angry. But she just laughed it off and walked around in her birthday suit. Zoe was very impressed. She dried her hair just enough to comfortably pull it back into a ponytail and was just opening her underwear drawer when Red emerged behind her. 

"What are you doing?"

"Getting dressed?"

"Why ever would you do that? Do you have somewhere to be?" She flashed that mischievous grin. "Am I making you uncomfortable?" Red almost seemed to glide across the room. She piled the blankets and pillows back onto the bed and smoothed out all the sheets. Satisfied, she spread out on the black comforter and propped herself up on her elbows.

"No," Zoe finally answered, to none of the questions in particular. She had been wrapped up in watching Red work. She was so unlike most of the girls that had passed through her doors. Typically there were sheepish grins, uncomfortable silences, little eye contact, attempts to make a second "date", chit chat about what they did for a living, what their plans were, dreams, goals, blah, blah, blah. Zoe was interested in friends and acquaintances, not relationships. She was a nice person and she genuinely wanted to remain friends with every single girl she brought home, but she only wanted to hear about dreams and goals if she was left out of them. She was VERY honest with everyone she was with and never went to bed with anyone under false pretenses. But her looks, personality and rep for sexual appetite and prowess ensured there were always an abundance of women clamoring for her attention. 

"I didn't think so, not the way you were looking at my junk just now."

Zoe looked at her with raised eyebrows and broke out laughing. "Junk, that's hot. You're hilarious." She was feeling a little more comfortable herself and continued her post-shower regimen. She squeezed a generous dollop of moisturizer on her hands and rubbed it onto her arms. "Listen...." she continued, and immediately realized that she still didn't have a name. She looked up at Red and pleaded with her eyes for help.

"....Siobhan," laughed the redhead. "The name is Siobhan, it's..."

"..the Irish form of Joan!" finished Zoe. "I remember that part now, it was pre-blackout." She closed her eyes and massaged the cold lotion into her cheeks and forehead. 

"Yeah, and you made fun. It took a while to get you to pronounce it properly. I had to break it right down for you. 'Shiv-on. Shiv-on'. It wasn't pretty. And that was AFTER I just started calling the name Irish instead of Gaelic. Saying 'Gaelic' made you impossible to deal with."

"Ok, embarrass me later, I want to say something. You're obviously great and I don't want any misunderstandings. I..."

Siobhan cut her off with a wave of the hand. "Zoe, come here and lie with me." She patted the mattress next to where she was spread out. Her white skin and red hair were beautifully set off against the jet black of the comforter and Zoe had fleeting thoughts about having her pose there for a painting.

Zoe hurriedly finished up her full-body lube job. She was used to being in control of these situations and surprised herself by wordlessly heeding to Siobhan's request. Instead of lying next to her though, she lay with her feet at Siobhan's head and vice versa.

"You don't want to lie with me?"

"I am lying with you."

Siobhan just shook her head and smiled. "Always playing some game, what a shame." Zoe opened her mouth to protest, but Siobhan had moved on. "You explained your outlook on relationships last night. I can't say that I was listening to much of it, but the essence of it I understood. You fuck chicks and then just add them to the list to maybe bang again in the future and everyone just has to deal with it. How am I doing so far?" Her voice was playful, not judgmental or resentful in any way and the entire time she was lightly rubbing Zoe's bare calves. 

Zoe was taken aback by the matter-of-fact way she Siobhan spoke, but in a good way. She liked that she was getting in her face. "Hey, no one is supposed to call me on my shit. If you weren't so charming I'd call you a bitch."

"You called me worse last night."

"Sure, but in this room with the lights off, those words are compliments." Zoe smiled and pinched her leg sharply.

Siobhan licked her lips and gazed at Zoe with a steely stare. "Oh, I took them that way, don't worry."

"I wasn't worried." Zoe playfully waved her foot in the Irish girl's face.

"Noooo, because you don't get emotionally involved." Siobhan grabbed Zoe's foot and kissed her toes. She took the big one in her mouth and licked it like an ice cream cone. "Isn't that right?"

"Actually, I almost always get involved emotionally. I've made more friends like this than I can count." Zoe was rubbing Siobhan's feet. "You like feet do you?"

"Not particularly, but I'm adaptable. And don't change the subject. Emotional involvement?"

Zoe rolled her eyes. "Are you going to try to change me or something? I've heard it all before. 'We had such a special night, no one's ever made me feel that way, you blew my mind..."

Siobhan laughed heartily. "I'm not falling for you anytime soon. I'm just inquisitive. And we blew each other's minds."

Zoe relaxed and smiled. She slid further up the bed and rested her head on Siobhan's knees. She rubbed the redhead's hips and thighs and Siobhan followed suit. 

"The plan is to never fall for anyone ever, but..." Her voice trailed off. She knew how silly that was. "I'm just having too much fun and trying to put it off as long as possible. I can't imagine that life being as fun I guess."

"Maybe it's MORE fun."

"Give me a break."

Siobhan shook her head. "Youth is wasted on the young."

Zoe lifted her head. It hadn't occurred to her that the redhead wasn't in her age group. "Hold on, how old are you?"

"33."

"Wow, you're a real Grandma."

"Well it's what, 13 years older than you?"

"Only 11. I don't think you get to use those sayings yet. The elderly mafia won't allow it."

Siobhan began rubbing Zoe's inner thighs. 

"Fine then, I'll make it simpler and less poetic."

"Ok."

"You're stupid."

"That's less poetic."

"Seriously, do you really think it's impossible to have both a relationship AND a life like yours?"
