 "Seven!" She yelled as I walloped her voluptuous ass. 

DVSN cooed in the background about changing his lover's point of view as my lover counted every time I slapped her behind. She was late to our date night and she wanted to be punished. She had done the same to me the week prior. I was going to spank her once for every minute she was late. 

Seeing my lover naked, laying flat across her queen-sized bed was driving me crazy. Her legs were spread, and I could see her becoming more soaked each time I spanked her. I was becoming anxious staring at the growing moisture that awaited me. She was ten minutes late, so I only had three more times to get her good.

"Eight! Nine!" After two quick smacks, her ass was glowing red. She was making a wet spot on her black polka dotted sheets. Her caramel skin was gleaming with sweat from squirming around. One more spank and I could dip into her overflowing honey pot.

I rubbed my hands together making them hot for my final spank. I hit her on the center of her gorgeous ass as she screeched.

"Ten!" 

It was her twelfth smack though, because she forgot to say three, and we had to start over. I am nothing if not diligent. She immediately rolled over to her back leaving her legs spread for me to see how I'd made her feel. She looked like a masterpiece that belonged in a museum. I watched as the sweat cascaded down her body while she panted. Every time we were together, it felt like the first time.

At first, we were nothing more than friends. It all started after one of our weekly dinners. Dinner turned into drinks at my place and then we decided it would be best if she stayed the night. It also made sense that she would sleep in my bed because we were friends, just friends.

I never imagined that she'd pull me close to her and whisper in my ear, "I want you so badly right now." I could hear the lust dripping in her voice and it awakened something in me that I couldn't resist. Her voice sounded like she wanted to ravage me, tease me, taste me and savor the flavor. 

For the past four months, I've indulged her every Thursday night. The first month, week after week, she explored every inch of my body. I felt her making her own mental map and using it against me until I turned the tables on her and showed her that I wasn't going to be her pillow princess. I devoured her and had her wiggling on the bed within minutes. Even after she came, I didn't stop because I wanted to savor her flavor.

She prided herself on being a top, but I'd changed her whole world that night. My caramel lover tasted how she looked and it drove me wild. I thought that finally getting a taste of what had been denied to me for weeks would make me quit, but I'd become just as addicted to her as she was to me. We'd even talked about meeting up more than once a week, but our busy schedules couldn't handle that. 

My lover is Raven Anderson and we met through work. She's a radio personality and I am the Agent and Manager of a handful of artists at the biggest record label in Houston. I ran into her while working with a client to help his image. She asked me out for drinks claiming she wanted all the hot gossip on the clients I handle. I wasn't going to tell her a thing, but I knew she was a contact that could help me in the future. Making friends with her would ensure that I'd be her first call if one of her daily scoops involved my clients. The music industry is all about connection. 

There have always been rumors that Raven was a heartbreaker with a passion for turning girls but that didn't matter to me. Plus, she never hit on me, so it wasn't a concern. She'd always kept it platonic with me, or so I thought. Now that I have clarity and am not so naïve, I've realizedthat she was hitting on me the entire time. She was so suave and outgoing, it was easy not to see anything but her when we were alone. 

The weekly dinners were her idea. She implied that I didn't have enough me time. My lover, anatural hair and homemade shea butter owner was all about natural body rejuvenation. We'd do spas, get our nails done, shop at Whole Foods but I'd been too busy as of late, so we'd been settling for dinner and drinks. 

Having a casual dinner once a week to catch up, relax, and chill was making me calmer. She didn't really dig for gossip, but she did tell me all her business. Raven is such an open book but lately, I've wondered if I'll end up as one of her hot topics because she tells everything to everyone. When I asked her, she told me that she'd never tell all my business and for some reason I trust her. She has a way of taking me out of my comfort zone. Just as she did when she blindfolded me and bent me over her...Rae noticed me thinking too much so she spoke to get my attention.

"You just going to admire me or are you going to take what's yours?"

I hovered on top of her, kissed her gently, then moved to eat my dinner. Her aroma filled the room. She became more fragrant, the closer I got to the source. Her breathing became unsteady as I went lower. Raven's speaker filled the apartment. I paused at her belly button to lick around her piercing and listened as DVSN's P.O.V. turned into NAO's Girlfriend. 

Mine. I was finally face to face with her present to me and I dove in. She immediately began to squirm, so I put her legs on my shoulders to have a way to grab her rather than hold her down. She tasted sweeter than usual and it was invigorating to hear her moans. I licked every crevice, focusing on her nub when needed and backing away when it was necessary to tease. With the combination of the teasing and anticipation, it wasn't long before her squirming turned into shakes and her moans were more like screams as she orgasmed. 

Mine.. I decided I wasn't done yet. I flipped her over as she tried to catch her breath. She propped herself up on all fours knowing what I wanted and twisted her ass in the air. I knelt on the bed to finger her. She felt the rhythm and pushed back to match my "strokes" Despite how satisfying it felt for her to coat my fingers with her wetness, I wanted more. I wanted to have her in anyway I could. I'd been waiting a week to see her, and she'd been sending pictures and sexual innuendos from the second I left her apartment last week. I leaned down and began to rim her. Her wetness had dripped down while she was on her back, which made her taste faintly saccharine. I licked and licked and pumped and pumped until I felt her release. 

"Please baby! I need a breather before we do anything else. Who knew a couple of pics of my butt would make you attack me like that?" She said while panting. 

"Truthfully, it was the pictures of these beauties that got me." I said while grabbing her gorgeous breast and rubbing my thumb across her nipples. 

She laughed and removed my hands from her breast and tilted my face to look at her. I'd began watching myself rub her nipples. 

"Did you eat without me? Sorry we had to skip dinner. The radio station kept me late to talk about changes an upcoming interviews I have. I can order us takeout, babe. I know you like Chinese! I think someone dropped off a menu yesterday." 

I wasn't even able to respond before she began walking through her studio apartment to the kitchen. She looked on her fridge to see if she'd stuck the menu to it with a magnet. I hadn't eaten but I wasn't hungry. I'd planned to go back to my apartment tonight when we were finished but it looked like Raven had other plans. She was already calling the number ordering our specific order but she said it with ease. She didn't ask me what I wanted, she already knew. It was cute and scary at the same time. Once off the phone, she went to her bathroom and grabbed us both bonnets. 

"I saw your hair getting in your way while you were tearing it up. I know you don't want your weave frizzing up," she said while putting her purple one over her afro. 

As much as I liked her taking care of me, we were moving kinda fast. I'd thought we were just 'friends with benefits' and it seemed like she wanted or rather thought we were more. I'd need to talk to her, but I definitely couldn't do it that night. I kissed her, and she smiled. I wanted to live in the night and not think about work or anything else. I rubbed her nipples with my thumbs again before pulling her to my lap. She whispered something in my ear like 'its my turn now,' before pushing me back down onto the bed. She kissed down the side of my neck trailing to my nipples. Rae attacked them vigorously as if she'd been deprived for days- which was true. She licked and sucked until I begged her to take me. 

Just as she was about to take me, my phone rang. I paused but she didn't. We both knew based on the ringtone who was calling but she didn't care and with the way she was jackhammering her fingers in and out of me, I didn't care anymore. It seemed like the phone ringing only made her more determined. I moaned her name and cursed like a sailor for what felt like a hour, but was only ten minutes. The only reason it wasn't an hour was because her doorbell rang. It was the food. 

As we ate, we talked about how our days had been. I didn't check my phone because I didn't want to upset her. I told her how hard it was finishing some of my conference calls when I got one of her pictures in the middle of them. She laughed and told me that she took one in the restroom of the radio station and almost got caught. She forgot to lock the door but heard the knob turning before someone came in. I chuckled thinking about the milk chocolate with Carmel tones skinned goddess having to cover up. She hit me lightly on my shoulder.

"Sorry. I just thought it was funny. You don't have to do all of that to stay on my mind. You know?"

"Yes, I know. Maybe I'm an exhibitionist who just likes to surprise you or maybe love makes me do risky things."

"Love?" I replied, genuinely surprised. 

"Yea..." she said, blushing and trailing off. 

She looked at me and then looked away. I could tell it took a lot for her to say that. I didn't want to ruin our night, nor did I want to draw attention to the fact that I couldn't say it back, at least not right then, so I kissed her. I gave her the most passionate that we'd ever shared. We fucked until we both came once more and spooned.