 "Almost there!" Zoe says to herself as the plane makes its final descent toward Melbourne. Zoe's mind races as her heart feels like it will beat out of her chest. She is finally going to meet Sarah. She is finally going to meet her queen in person. She begins to feel a tingle between her legs as she thinks about Sarah. They had met on Facebook a while back and had since formed a good friendship and love for one another. They had had many steamy chats that had left them both breathless and with weak legs. But as much as they enjoyed the chats something was missing. That something was the human touch that they both so longed for. Zoe thought to herself that that fantasy would soon become reality as she sat back into her seat in quiet anticipation.

Sarah waited at the gate watching the plane taxi in. Her heart beating fast as her excitement grew by the second. Finally she was going to meet her princess Zoe. She had spent many restless nights thinking about Zoe. She had fantasized almost every night about what it would be like to be with her princess. She couldn't wait anymore! She needed to feel Zoe in her arms! She needed her now! It was then she saw her. In her eyes everything was moving in slow motion. Zoe was a vision of beauty walking up the ramp. Her beautiful blonde hair pulled back in a pony tail. Her breasts bouncing under her pink tank top with every step she took. Her denim skirt riding high up on her thighs, not leaving much to the imagination. She was gorgeous in Sarah's eyes. Absolutely perfect.

Zoe walked up the ramp looking for her queen when she finally saw her. Her smile widened as she went running toward the object of her desire. The met in a warm, melting embrace. Their bodies melding into one, both relishing the feel of the other. As they broke their embrace Sarah looks at Zoe and smiles. "Welcome home."

They quickly grab Zoe's bags and head to the car. After packing the trunk with her luggage Sarah walks to the passenger door and opens it for her princess. "Why thank you very much." Zoe smiles as she climbs into the car. Sarah's heart skips a beat as she sees Zoe skirt ride high on her legs revealing her freshly shaved pussy. Zoe smiles to herself knowing that Sarah can clearly see her pussy. Sarah tries to control herself as she shuts her door and begins to walk around to the driver's side. Sarah tries to process what had just happened in her mind. Had she just seen what she thought she did? Her pussy dampened even more as she climbed into the car.

They sped off down the road toward Sarah's house. They talked on the ride about Zoe's flight and how excited that both were that they had finally met. Sarah couldn't help but steal glances of Zoe's beautiful legs. How she desperately wanted to touch them. "Soon", she thought to herself, "soon".

They pulled up to the house in record time. As they climbed out of the car Sarah smiled at Zoe, "Don't worry about your bags. We will get them later. Come on let me show you the house." As they walked toward the house Zoe grabbed Sarah's hand, holding it as they walked into the house. Sarah lead Zoe throughout the house, showing her all the rooms and where everything was. Finally they stopped in the den. Sitting on the couch they continued to talk about Zoe's trip and what all that they had planned. 

"Are you hungry?" Sarah asked.

"Famished!" Zoe said rubbing her tummy.

"Then come on to the kitchen and let me fix us something to eat." Sarah said getting up from the couch. Following Sarah into the kitchen Zoe couldn't help but stare at Sarah's perfect round ass. Sarah's pants seemed to be almost painted on as the fabric hugged her hips and shapely ass. Zoe licked her lips as nasty thoughts came floating into her head. In the kitchen the two continued talking and laughing as Sarah began to cook. Zoe was stunned by the beauty that stood before her. Sarah's tight shirt hugging her huge beautiful breasts. Her smile lighting up the room. To Zoe, she was the most beautiful, perfect woman walking the earth.

They sat down and enjoyed a good meal and each other's company. After dinner they retreated back to the den to watch a little TV and unwind. As they sat on the couch Zoe moved in real close and put her head on Sarah's shoulder. Sarah smiled lovingly as she placed her hand on Zoe's thigh as Zoe tucked her feet underneath her. As they sat there enjoying the closeness Sarah gently kissed the top of Zoe's head. Zoe looked up at her and both could feel the fire inside of each other. 

Their lips met. The kiss soft and loving, igniting the fire burning below. With renewed passion Zoe's tongue eases into Sarah's mouth wrestling with her tongue. Sarah moans quietly kissing Zoe harder. As they kiss Zoe eases her hand up to Sarah's heaving breasts. Gently squeezing the soft flesh elicits another moan from Sarah. Overcome by passion Sarah eases Zoe onto her back as she positions her body on top of Zoe's. Breaking their kiss Sarah moves her mouth to Zoe's exposed neck. Kissing and licking the soft flesh of her neck Sarah slides her tongue up to Zoe's ear. Zoe closes her eyes and hugs Sarah closer to her body as she moans out from the pleasure her body is receiving. 

Sarah slides her tongue back down Zoe's neck to her chest. She grabs the hem of Zoe's shirt and lifts it above her head exposing her soft perky bare breasts. Sarah sits back and takes in the view of Zoe's smaller but beautiful breasts. She smiles at Zoe, who smiles back. She lowers her head to Zoe's left breast taking her hard nipple into her mouth. Sucking it gently, licking it, flicking her tongue across it quickly. Zoe moans loudly as she pushes Sarah's head harder against her breast. Sarah releases Zoe's nipple and slides her tongue over the valley of Zoe's tits to the other breast where she savors Zoe's other hard nipple.

With a naughty look in her eye Sarah drags her tongue away from Zoe's breast and down over her taught stomach, stopping to lick at Zoe's bellybutton playfully. She continues moving lower and lower until she reaches the waistline of Zoe's skirt. She repositions her body, kneeling beside the couch between Zoe's legs. She looks into Zoe's eyes as she unbuttons her skirt. Zoe bites her bottom lip staring back into Sarah's beautiful eyes. Sarah knows what she wants as she pulls the skirt free from Zoe's body. 

Sarah lustfully stares at Zoe's clean shaven pussy before her. "Absolutely perfect!" she says to herself as she spreads Zoe's legs a little wider. She can see the wetness of Zoe's pussy as she gently spreads Zoe's puffy lips apart. Her tongue licks her lips as she stares inches away from the pussy she has been dreaming about for months. Her tongue inches out and gently licks from the side of Zoe's warm waiting hole all the way up to her clit. Zoe moans loudly as Sarah's tongue makes contact with her hot, swollen, hard clit. Sarah slides her tongue back down to Zoe's slippery entrance and slides her tongue in as far as it will go. Zoe's juices flowing freely onto Sarah's waiting tongue. Sarah flicks her tongue deep inside of Zoe's tight pussy causing her to moan louder. 

Sarah's tongue acts with a mind of its own as it slips from Zoe's pussy and slides back up to her clit. Her tongue flicking like a tornado around Zoe's hard clit. Sarah eases two fingers deep into Zoe's tight little pussy as she continues to lash out at Zoe's clit. "Oh God! SARAH! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" Zoe screamed as her body begins to rock on the sofa. 

Renewed by Zoe's encouragement Sarah sucks her clit into her mouth and sucks hard as she slams her fingers in and out with aggression. Zoe's body is out of control. She can feel herself getting closer and closer to the point of no return. She reaches up and grabs both her nipples and pulls them and twists them while screaming Sarah's name, moving closer and closer to the edge. Sarah can feel the impending orgasm coming as she double her efforts to make her Zoe cum.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! OOOOOOOOOOOOO GOD! FUCK!" Zoe screams as her body explodes. Her cum gushes from her pussy, flooding Sarah's mouth. Zoe's cum is unending as it drips from Sarah's chin. Sarah's tongue works at a lightning pace, trying desperately to swallow all of Zoe's precious cum. Zoe's entire body goes limp as she comes down from her euphoric orgasm. Sarah slides her body up Zoe's and kisses her princess on the forehead. She looks down at Zoe, who is still in another world, "I have been waiting to do that forever!"

With stars in her eyes Zoe smiles, "Holy shit! That was incredible! Look at you. You are a mess!"

Sarah laughs, "Well you did it!"

"No, I think you did it!" Zoe says laughing. "Now let me clean you up."

Zoe pulls Sarah closer kissing her deeply tasting her own cum. Driven by her own taste she licks Sarah's chin clean before kissing her again with renewed aggression. Her hands sliding down Sarah's back to her wonderful tight ass. Their tongues wrestling harder as their passions grew even more. Breaking away from their kiss Sarah looks into Zoe's eyes, "What you say we take this to the bedroom."

They quickly make their way to the bedroom. As they make their way to the bed Zoe grabs Sarah from behind and holds her tight. Her hands slide up Sarah's tight abs up to her heaving breasts. She caresses them, squeezes, Sarah moaning her aprovement. Zoe's pulls the shirt over her lovers head. Her hands quickly finding the clasp to Sarah's bra as she whispers into Sarah's ear, "I want you Sarah. I want to drag my tongue across every inch of your body. I want to pleasure you like you have never been pleasured before." Sarah moans loudly as Zoe sucks her earlobe into her mouth. Zoe's hands fondling Sarah's bare breasts as her bra falls to the floor. Licking Sarah's neck Zoe pulls on Sarah's hard nipples as Sarah turns her head, kissing Zoe deeply. 

Breaking the kiss Zoe moves in front of her queen. Kissing her neck again she slides her tongue down Sarah's chest stopping to take a nipple into her mouth. Licking and sucking, Sarah pushes Zoe head into her chest moaning even louder. Zoe lifts her head to the other nipple licking and sucking it, gently biting on it, driving Sarah crazy. Moving away from Sarah's glorious tits Zoe falls to her knees, her tongue sliding teasingly down Sarah's tight defined abs. Making quick work of her jeans, Sarah's panties soon followed as Zoe was finally awarded her prize. Zoe's eyes sparkled as she kneeled, staring at the most beautiful pussy she had ever seen. She leaned forward extending her tongue to gently lick at Sarah's waiting wet pussy. 

Sarah's body shook as Zoe's tongue made contact with her pussy. Zoe's tongue slowly sliding between Sarah's moist lips. Finding her clit Zoe flicks her tongue out massaging, causing Sarah to go weak in the knees. Sarah moves to the bed lying on her back as Zoe quickly following. Zoe dives between Sarah's legs gently spreading her wet lips before slipping her extended tongue deep into Sarah's hole. Working her tongue in deeper and deeper, flicking her tongue deep inside of her. Sarah's body bucking on the bed soon to be to the point of no return. 

Zoe slips her tongue out and replaces it with two eager fingers. Sarah's pussy grips Zoe's invading digits like velvet vice. Zoe slowly sliding her fingers in and out as her tongue seeks out Sarah's swollen clit. Sarah screams out loudly as Zoe sucks her sensitive clit into her mouth. Working her fingers in a little faster she knows Sarah is so close to cumming. She lashes out with her tongue, licking Sarah's button hard and fast as her fingers slide in and out with fast precision.

Sarah's eyes widen. "OH FUCK! I'M CUMMMING! I AM CUMMMMMMMMIIIINNNG!" Her body bucks violently on the bed as she wraps her legs tightly around Zoe's head. Zoe licking at her clit faster and faster, her fingers slipping from Sarah's spasming pussy. Zoe slams her tongue deep into Sarah's pussy licking wildly as she is met with another flood of cum as Sarah's second orgasm rips through her body. Zoe tongue works at a frantic pace trying to lick up all the tasty juices flowing into her mouth. 

Sarah's body finally relaxes as she tries desperately to catch her breath. Zoe slowly slides up Sarah's body kissing her. Their tongues sharing the joyous taste of Sarah's cum. "Oh my god Zoe! That was fucking amazing!" Zoe smiles, "Well my love there is plenty more where that came from." Winking at Sarah Zoe slips her hand between Sarah's legs gently rubbing on her clit once more. Sarah closes her eyes moaning as Zoe takes a nipple into her mouth.

"Oh FUCK!" Sarah screams as Zoe begins to work her clit even faster. Licking and sucking Zoe cannot get enough of Sarah's tits as she begins rubbing Sarah's clit even faster. Sarah's screams of pleasure can easily be heard from outside. She does not care she is so close. Zoe gently bites down on Sarah's sensitive nipple, sending her over the edge. Sarah's body stiffens as she lays there opened mouthed unable to make a noise. All she can see is stars as her body is consumed by another huge orgasm. 

Unable to move Zoe kisses her paralyzed queen on the cheek. "I love you my queen!"

Sarah hears the words but is able to do or say anything as she continues to come down from her earthly high. Zoe kisses her on the forehead and smiles. "I am going to take a shower. If you are able to move soon you know where to find me." She laughs as she climbs off the bed and heads toward the bathroom.

Sarah manages to turn her head in Zoe's direction and watches Zoe walk off in the distance. She thinks to herself "Wow! This is going to be one hell of a visit. "She finally musters enough strength to her legs as she walks on wobbly knees to go take a shower with her princess. As she walks up to the shower door she opens it to see Zoe standing there. A vision of beauty, slick and wet from the warm water flowing over her body. Sarah's pussy starts to tingle again as she stares at her princess.

Zoe turns to Sarah and smiles, "I have been waiting on you."

.........to be continued!