 Five weeks had passed since that night I first saw Megan, and telling Adam had made things worse. His disbelief passed faster than I would have thought, and then he began pushing me on the idea of pursuing her! A few nights after that first one he described what it would be like to have another girl go down on me, how another girl would be able to do things only another girl would know how. It had made me so wet that I came the instant his tongue touched me for a demonstration, but the whole episode only spun me deeper into a web of tangled emotions. At first his behavior shocked me, but a couple of male acquaintances in college had told me there isn't a man alive who's not turned on by the idea of two girls together, so it's possible Adam had his own motives. For a couple of weeks he bugged me about it almost continually. The feelings had me confused and conflicted, though, and I didn't want to discuss it with him any further. To get him to leave it alone, I managed, to my own amazement, to pull off a rather big lie. The small part of the lie was that I'd told him that Megan had left the class after two weeks, and that I knew nothing about her other than her name, so whatever it had been, it was over. The bigger part of the lie was that it wasn't over, that the feelings in me were complicated but strong, and I had to hide them from Adam all the while they were growing stronger. I found Megan creeping into my thoughts with increasing frequency. She'd become a mental tool for my imagination to explore how a relationship with a girl might feel, both physically and emotionally. Those musings had become quite powerful now, having developed into a full on fantasy that I both desired and feared. A fantasy with Megan at its center.

Tonight she was late to class and it distracted me. Most nights, just waiting for her to walk in the door was enough to create a warm tingling between my legs; not arousal, but something close to it. I found myself anticipating her presence every Thursday night, excited by the thought of her dancing around the floor in next to nothing. This was the first time she'd ever been late, however, and the first thought that screamed across my mind was a mixture of fear and relief. What if she weren't coming back? My stomach churned and twisted in knots until, about five minutes in the main workout, the door at the back of the room opened and in walked Megan, followed by a tall, attractive blond I'd never seen before. They were dressed in identical sweatsuits sporting a logo I couldn't quite read from across the room. At the same time, as if the motions had been practiced, Megan and the blond girl removed their sweatshirts over their heads, their movements more sensual than necessary, and they seemed to be staring right at me as they tossed the shirts to the floor. Underneath they were wearing the sexiest tight black sports bras I'd ever seen. Before I'd really finished looking them over, they took down their pants. This time there was no question they were casting intentional looks straight at me. If their sports bras were skimpy, the boyshorts they wore could be described as next to nonexistent. I watched them walk out onto the exercise floor, causing a few other women to stop and turn to look behind them. I saw several eyes rolling as they turned back around and returned to the routine.

For the next forty-five minutes, Megan and the blond put on a show. There's no other way to describe it. And it was a show that appeared to be for my benefit; I had the only clear view of the two of them. A lot of the motions in Zumba are already quite sensual; tonight Megan and her friend made them overtly sexual. They left no doubt that I was the target audience, and the idea that it was intentional for the purpose of getting my attention sent small shivers through my midsection. I enjoyed watching, but it didn't affect me much until we came to a point in the dance where the hands are clapped together in front of the body down low, kept together as the arms are raised above the head, and then the arms swung apart in big arcs as if the dancer is trying to swim upwards through the air. The blond girl, for the most part, started out doing the moves just like everyone else. Megan, however, instead of clapping her hands together, placed them between her legs, and during the upward motion, instead of just moving her hands up through the air, she caressed her body all the way up, across the muscles of her abdomen, up to her breasts which she would squeeze each time through, and finally up through hair. After the third or fourth pass, I could see her nipples began poking rock hard through the thin sport bra. The blond girl watched Megan for a moment, and then began an identical routine. What finally got me was that each time Megan performed the motion, she pulled her shorts tighter and tighter into herself, until the material was being pulled up taught between her labia, forming a crease that made it clear she had on no underwear. When she began dragging her fingers through that crease, I lost control. Watching them was making me wet, stirring in me a deep, almost primal sexual feeling that I didn't know I had. I wanted to join them, to stimulate my own body they way they were stimulating theirs. So strong was the feeling, I almost did. Horrified that I was on the verge of masturbating in front of a room full of other women, I collected my thoughts and focused on the routine, thankful that the exertion masked my arousal. I repositioned myself a bit, and for the remaining ten minutes of the class tried not to look in their direction. I looked anyway, unable to help myself, but though they both continued to keep their eyes on me, they had apparently decided to end the show.

After class they were the last to emerge from the locker room, and other than the three of us, the room was empty now. Showered and dressed again in their light sweatsuits, they approached me. Megan introduced the blond girl, Kim, a college friend she hadn't seen for a couple of years, and they invited me out for drinks. My heart raced. Given the performance they'd put on in class, drinks couldn't possibly be all they had in mind, and it caught me off guard, both thrilling me and scaring me all at once. I was sure I was blushing deep red, and I caught Megan and Kim exchanging sly glances. After some scattered thoughts that I couldn't quite collect, and coaxing from both Megan and Kim, I accepted. I really wanted a shower first, but they convinced me I was fine the way I was. I called Adam and told him I was going out for a while with a couple of the girls from class. Several of my friends were in my classes and after-class outings were not unusual, but had he known I was heading out for drinks with Megan and Megan's new friend, he would have been far more inquisitive. In my own car I followed Megan and Kim in Megan's beautiful Saturn Aura to the Chili's on Shoreline Drive. One hour and two daiquiris later, I'd learned a lot about them. They had both grown up in Connecticut, had met at UConn, and now they were both teachers. Megan was starting a new job in the fall at Prisk Elementary here in Long Beach and had moved here six weeks ago. Kim lived in Boston and was visiting for about a month. Our casual conversation continued until I was taking the final sip of my second daiquiri, and I was thinking that it was time to make an exit. Megan must have noticed me glancing at my watch.

"How did you like the show tonight?" Megan's question blew the rest of the night's conversation to pieces. I hadn't been sure what form it was going to take, but I'd known it was coming. My heart jumped at the question and I fumbled for words to voice an answer.

"Why don't you come back to Megan's place with us and we'll finish the show?" Kim asked the question in a soft disarming voice. I hadn't even managed a reply to Megan's question when Kim's new one sent my head spinning. Inside I was a mess. A mixture of excitement and apprehension had my stomach in knots.

The question hung in the air. I wanted to go with them, ideas about what might happen running through my imagination, but I felt unprepared, unsure. An uncomfortable silence screamed at me for an answer, pressuring me to speak even though I didn't know what to say. "I'm sorry, I can't," I said, surprising myself that the words escaped my lips. Disappointment registered on their faces, but having spoken the words, I stuck by them, and a few minutes later, after an awkward goodbye, I was in my car heading for home, my thoughts spinning in every direction. By the time I reached my driveway, I regretted my choice. I almost kept driving. I could turn around and go back. But, they were sure to be gone, and I didn't know where Megan lived. If I had, I would have driven straight there. I began considering ways I might find her address, but then I felt silly. I pulled the car into the drive, turned off the engine, and sat for several minutes, collecting myself, trying to put the events out of my mind.

Instead, for the next week, I could think of nothing else. I managed to keep it hidden from Adam---he didn't ask questions at least---but regret and anticipation tore at me the entire week. When Thursday night arrived, I bounced back and forth between being fearful that Megan and Kim wouldn't show, and fearful that they would.

They arrived on time, taking positions near the back of the class, but there was no show tonight. They spent a lot of time looking in my direction, dancing in sync with the class, but giving their routines none of the outright sexuality they'd added the week before. It turned out this was worse for me than if they'd performed it all for me again. Because they didn't, I wanted them to. I wanted to see them running their hands over their bodies, touching themselves, making their nipples hard, outlining their most sensitive parts with the fabric of their shorts. The same primal sexual feelings I'd experienced a week ago surged through me again. Two-thirds through the class I had to excuse myself; the class would keep going, they knew the routine. In the bathroom I needed several handfulls of tissue to dry the wetness that had formed between my legs. Before returning to the class, I sat for a moment, trying to focus my mind on anything but Megan and Kim. Fortunately the time remaining was short, and when class ended, Megan and Kim came straight to the front of the room.

"Hey Lisa, we're going back to my place to get cleaned up. You want to join us?" Megan asked.

The loaded question started me tingling all over again. I nodded. "Sure." As I spoke the word, an odd sensation came over me. At first I thought it might be guilt, but it was more like naughtiness. Like I was ten years old again and about to steal from the cookie jar---knowing it was wrong, but unable to deny the pleasure that waited. The other women leaving the class seemed to be taking no notice of the three of us.

"Are you okay leaving your car here?" Megan asked. "Parking at my place is kind of limited."

I nodded, and thirty minutes later, I knew why. Megan lived in beachfront townhouse on Ocean Boulevard. "This is amazing! How do you afford it?"

"On a teacher's salary, you mean?" Megan smiled. "Divorce was good to me." For a moment a huge grin filled her face.

Megan unlocked the door and Kim disappeared inside. I followed her up the steps, but hesitated before entering. Stepping inside was like some sort of final commitment, a point of no return. Megan stood just inside, waiting. I looked at her, and her beautiful gray-blue eyes stared back. She was gorgeous. Light brown hair fell across her shoulders down to the middle of her breasts. Smooth, soft skin covered high cheek bones that accented perfect lips. She raised her eyebrows and tossed her head toward the room behind her to motion me inside. I took a few steps, entering just far enough for Megan to close the door. I turned and watched as she bolted the lock. As the click echoed across my senses, Megan embraced me. She placed her hands behind my head and pulled my face close to hers. When her lips touched mine, I dropped my gym bag to the floor, returning the embrace, and for the first time in my life, all reservation fading away to nothing, I kissed---really kissed---a girl.

It was different than kissing Adam. Not better, not worse, just different. The lips were softer, and the kiss itself was gentler but more sensual. I ran my fingers through what turned out to be hair as soft as silk, and pulled her in tighter as I returned the kiss. Parted lips gave way to a full open mouths. Megan backed me up against the door, the gentleness of her becoming a deeper hunger growing in both of us. At some point she pulled back from the kiss, then ran her tongue lightly across my lips. My legs went weak at the sensation, and I chased her tongue with my mouth, kissing and sucking it as she teased me with it. I grabbed her head hard and pulled her mouth back to mine, our tongues now meeting in the kiss. Before I was ready to stop she pulled away again. I pulled her head back toward me, chasing her lips with my own, but she pushed my head to the side with one hand and began kissing my cheek and earlobes, and then down into the small of my neck. Chills spread across my entire body. As she focused her mouth on the sides of my neck, her hands began exploring the rest of me, caressing my stomach, then up between my breasts, then down my back. As her hands traveled downward, I anticipated the feeling of her fingers passing below my waist and caressing me through the fabric of the exercise tights, but when she reached the top of the tights, she stopped and reversed direction. On the way back up she ran her hands up my sides and across the outside of my breasts. When she reached my neck, she pulled me back into a kiss. It was my turn to explore. Between her head and waist I ran my hands over everything, through her sweatshirt finding her incredibly hard nipples and even the firm but feminine lines of her stomach muscles.

Then she stopped again---I'd lost all track of time---and took me by the hand, leading me to a large room on the other side of the house. It was a living room of sorts. A large, floor-to-ceiling sliding glass window opened onto a deck overlooking the beach. She pulled me onto a couch in front of the window, laid down next to me, and brought her lips back to mine. The sound of waves crashing against the beach floated through the open door, filling the room with its sensual music. I closed my eyes and pulled her close, losing myself in the touch of her lips and the roaming of her hands. I'm not certain how much time had passed when the sound of someone clearing their throat startled me, sending a quick shiver of surprise through my body. I'd forgotten all about Kim. Standing in a doorway that led down a hall was Kim, wet hair falling across her shoulders, her body wrapped in large yellow and white striped towel.

Megan kissed me, stood, and excused herself to take a shower. Kim walked over and sat next to me on the couch. One side of her towel fell away, exposing the left side of her slender body high enough to make out the feminine curves of a smooth waistline. She didn't have the carved abdominals I'd felt through Megan's sweatshirt, but what I could see of her stomach was flat and fit. The tip of a tattoo, some form of vine or ivy, trailed away from the top of her leg down toward the inside of her left thigh.

"Would you like to see more?" Kim asked.

I'd been staring. I looked up, blushing deep red. I opened my mouth to speak, but Kim leaned in and placed a short, soft kiss on my parted lips, then pulled back, looking into my eyes and waiting for my response. The scent of a flowery shampoo lingered in the air, combining with the crashing ocean and the teasing beauty of her partially exposed body into an intoxicating assault on my senses. I leaned into her and embraced her neck. The cool strands of her damp hair brushed across my skin, sending erotic chills up my arms and down my back. Our lips touched in a long, soft kiss. Just as kissing Megan was different from kissing Adam, kissing Kim was different from kissing Megan. Kim's kiss was less aggressive and more sensual. Something hinted of strawberries, and I savored the taste of her lips. As we kissed, her hands began to explore my body, caressing first my back and arms with slow soft strokes, then moving to my sides and stomach. When she finally touched my breasts, my nipples were rock hard, and the light brushing of her hands across the tight fabric of my workout top sent me tingling from the inside out. I began roaming my hands around her body as well, running my fingers through her damp hair, and caressing the exposed skin of her shoulders, upper back, and chest. Suddenly she pinched and held both my nipples, not hard, but enough to evoke an involuntary moan. She continued to hold them, applying more pressure. The sensation brought that primal sexual urge inside me to the surface. I grabbed her head and kissed her hard, then began sliding my hands between the folds of the towel. When my hand touched something hard and cold on her stomach, I pulled back, surprised.

Kim smiled, then stood, pulling the towel open to reveal a belly button piercing, a small metal bar with diamonds on both ends. It wasn't her belly button that drew my attention, though. She wasn't merely shaved, she was baby smooth, and there was only the faintest hint of tanlines. The tattoo inside her left thigh was a vine with four little flowers blooming from it, maybe four to five inches long overall. With me watching, she pulled the towel completely off and dropped it to the floor. I throbbed deep inside. I never would have believed that I could approach an orgasm at the mere sight of a nude body, especially a woman's, but if I touched myself right then, I was certain I would explode. The emotions I was experiencing were the same as those the night I'd first seen Megan and had gone home and fucked Adam like I never had before; I was swept up in a deep, pure lust.

"Can I see you?" As she asked the question, she began caressing her own stomach and breasts with the same light, gentle motions she'd been exploring me with just moments before.

My heart pounded. Desire and fear were at odds within me. Desire had long since won the fight, but an excited fear of the unknown and doubts about whether I should be here were still lingering in the background, sending my pulse racing and tying my stomach in one huge knot. I took a long, slow breath, and then in a single motion, pulled my top off over my head. The knot in my stomach tightened. My nipples stood out more than I knew they could, so hard they hurt. Kim smiled, her eyes roaming my body. She nodded at my tights. I took another deep breath and pulled them down. But I was nervous and the tights were awkward to remove, and I fell backward onto the couch struggling to remove them.

Kim laughed, then knelt on the floor and helped me finish the task, hooking her fingers inside my underwear and tights at the same time, and removing them both in one smooth motion. When she was done, she was kneeling in front of me, positioned between my legs as I sat on the edge of the couch. She pulled me close and kissed me, but this time the kissing didn't linger long on my lips. She kissed her way down my neck, sending shivers through my body, and then my chest. She continued down between my breasts and down my abdomen. I grew wetter in anticipation, but she stopped at my belly button, then ran her tongue from my belly button all the way up under my chin. Another unexpected moan escaped my lips. Kim looked me in the eyes, then kissed me full on the mouth, hard this time. She pinched my nipples again, and then gave my lower lip a soft, playful bite before placing a trail of kisses down my neck and chest. This time she didn't ignore my breasts. She kissed and licked them all over, but for a while she ignored my nipples that were standing erect and screaming for attention. When her tongue finally touched one, I let out a small scream and grabbed her head, pushing it hard into my breast. She bit my nipple then. Quick but hard, and the surprise and shock of the sensation made me jump. The she spent the next thirty seconds licking and kissing it as if to say she was sorry. She moved to other breast, and it received the same treatment. A quick, hard bite, followed by soft, warm attention from her tongue. I was in an ecstasy beyond imagining, and whether from the physical sensations, the emotional ones, or both, I can't say, but I was shocked to feel a tear streak from the corner of one eye and then the other. Kim noticed, smiled, and kissed them away.
