 I nervously waited for my best friend to come over so I could apologize. Yesterday when we were watching Black Swan, I kissed her. I had been holding in these feelings for so long. Her lips were soft and plump. I trembled from the memory. She pulled away and ran out the door. Today after much persuasion I managed to get her to come over. 

A knock from my door came and I took a deep breath. "Bella, come in." 

My friend slowly walked through the door. I admired her figure when her back was turned. I didn't get long because she crossed her arms and faced me. "You know I'm straight."

"I know and I'm sorry. I-I just can't hide my feelings for you anymore. I love you, Bella."

"And I love you too." She said.

"You know what I mean." I felt embarrassed and judged. "I want you."

"Kate, this is wrong. We are friends."

"What's wrong with a little friends with benefits?" I asked. "You always said you wanted to try 'my lifestyle' out." I took a step closer and she took a step back.

"No, not with you. You're my best friend." She looked down, not meeting my eye.

"You want to." I laughed.

"Kate, we could ruin our friendship."

"Look me in the eye and tell me you don't want to." 

She looked up and I could see the desire in her eye. I took a step towards her and she didn't step back. I took her hand and led her upstairs. She didn't protest but she still looked uncomfortable. I closed my door and she stood there with a torn look on her face.

"Don't worry. I'll guide you through. Close your eyes and don't open them. Just follow my lead." She closed her eyes and I undressed. I then went to her and slowly did the same. 

I unbuttoned her shirt slowly and when I unhooked her bra, I made sure to graze her nipple. I was rewarded with a moan from her.

"Lay down." I whispered.

She laid on my bed, topless. I have dreamed of this for so long, I never wanted it to end. I kissed her lips with tenderness. I asked for entrance by licking her bottom lip. I was surprised when she opened her mouth so quickly. I dove in and we did the forbidden tango. I wanted to stay and love her lips but I thought of other lips that needed attention. 

I kissed down her neck, sucking on her sweet spot. I kissed back to her earlobe and slightly bit it, being rewarded with a moan. I trailed my hands to her jeans, unbuttoned them and she kicked them off. 

I trailed my kisses to her breasts. I slowly kissed the nipple then poked my tongue out to lick it. I reached my hand to her other nipple and played with it while I took her erect nipple into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around and lightly sucked. She moaned continuously as I moved on to the other. I reached my hand down to her sex. I felt around her underwear until she gasped. I knew I had found her clitoris and slowly rubbed while sucking on her nipples.

"Harder. Faster. Yes. Just like that." Bella moaned my hand was going full speed and my tongue was slurping. She arched her back and let out a long scream. "Kate!" I removed my hand and licked my soaked fingers. I trailed my tongue down her stomach, causing her to whimper.

"Don't worry, this is going to feel even better." I promised.

I reached her lace underwear and pulled them down with my teeth. I reached her toes and threw the wet panties across the room. I eagerly kissed my way up her legs, spending a long time on her thighs. I lifted my head and was face to face with her beautiful sex. 

"Touch yourself." I ordered. 

She didn't waste time connecting her thumb to her clit. She rubbed in fast circles and I watched as she came close to orgasm. "Stop." I barked.

She whined but I removed her hands from her clit. I spread her legs apart and blew on her sex. "Kate, now!" She gripped my hair and I dove in.

I held her thighs apart and licked from her ass to bed clit over and over until I got tired. I pulled her lips apart and dove my tongue into her womanhood. I savored the taste while exploring her. I backed away and licked her ass hole. 

"Kate!" She gasped. I ignored her and squeezed my tongue into her ass while pumping my fingers in her sex. 

I heard her moans increase and her hips buck. I stopped before she could climax. I reached my hands up to her mouth. "Suck your juices off of me." I ordered. 

I moaned as she sucked my fingers. I wanted to feel what that tongue was like somewhere else. I pulled my hand back and saw that her eyes were now open. I didn't break eye contact as I put two fingers into her sex and one in her ass. I stick my tongue out and licked her clit like there was no tomorrow. I watched her eyes become unfocused and she reached her hands down to suffocate me in her sex. 

"Don't stop!" She yelled. I pumped faster and faster and her hips rose to my face, causing me to suck her clit harder. "Kate!" She screamed. 

I stopped only when she let go of my hair. I saw her look at me in lust. "Your turn."