 I've told you about the messing around at college and of the 3somes with Sharon. Shortly after that episode with her I met the man that eventually became my husband, Kevin.

Then, apart from the occasional half joking suggestion usually made in a club by a girl of, "fancy a snog" and a couple of strongish come-ons by senior managers in the ad agency I joined after leaving university half way through my second year I had no more such experiences for many years. I then told you a rather long story.

I went to live with Kevin much to the consternation of my parents. Almost ten years older than me he was so sophisticated and worldly wise, humorous and glamorous and loving and just sheer sexy that for almost ten years I had no thoughts for others let alone the rather twilight world of other women. During that time I can honestly say that I was never tempted nor even thought of anything with another man and certainly not with a woman. We married when I was in my early twenties had Sarah shortly after and life was wonderful.

But things change. As do men and as do husbands. And Kevin was no exception. I almost died the first time I found out that he had been unfaithful. My world was at an end, I thought, and only Sarah pulled me through. But we made up, "it was just a one off, she means nothing to me," he explained. She probably didn't but it wasn't a one off for several years later I found out again. We parted but that was awful. I still loved him as did Sarah. We went back together but things were not the same particularly sex. I could not just fancy him the way I had and I shut him out. I found out what a "headache" is and I developed different tiredness times to him. 

I was probably at my lowest then. My most susceptible and my most emotionally vulnerable. He had often in the throes of sexual passion said that he would like to see me with another woman. I'd told him about Louise and Sally at college and Sharon and the threesomes, as I had told him about everything before we met. After all my commitment to him was total and he deserved to know everything. 

Over the years he'd often asked what it felt like when I was with them and describing it to him made him ultra frisky. As our ardour, well at least mine, declined so his interest in them and in seeing me with another woman increased. I told him not to be daft but he kept on. The pressure increased just as my depression deepened. He accompanied it with terms like, "it's just what we need to rekindle our love Mandy," and "it will get us back to what we were." I continued to refuse and he included threats to leave us. That I could not envisage. That I could not do to Sarah who absolutely and quite rightly adored him. He even said, "you've been there before do it again, for me."

Eventually I became worn down and agreed. "Who though?" I asked desperately hoping we'd be unable to think of anyone. "Jenny down the pub," he said mentioning a girl that sometimes joined us at the pub we went to most Wednesday evenings. Jenny was an actress who often entertained us with outrageous tales of the goings on behind the scenes and after hours at the theatres and TV studios she worked in. She had absolutely no inhibitions at all and talked very openly about her sexual exploits giving very strong hints that she might well be fairly bi. "No one in show biz knows what the hell they are," she'd said once. A few years younger than me but almost certainly not the youthful age she claimed, she was single but had had a host of partners and made claims to having had, "far more than I can count," lovers. Tall, around 5 feet nine she had a dancers figure with long legs and a very supple body but Quite pretty but certainly no beauty in my eyes she had a rather hard looking face with quite thin lips and small eyes. Clearly knowing though how to make the best of make up, her longish blonde hair, that she usually wore down with a slight frizz to the tresses and her lithe long-legged figure, she always looked dramatically glamorous and, I suppose, fairly available. Despite this I had never heard any rumours in the village about her going with anyone from nearby but several times she was seen in local restaurants with women who presumably stayed at her flat overnight. Hence there was a fair amount of goodhearted speculation about her sexuality

On balance I thought that Kevin had made a good choice from an availability viewpoint but the thought of it still did nothing sexually for me and I was really dreading it should it happen. "Do you think you could ask her?" he flabbergasted me by asking. That was the limit and we had a blazing row with me telling him that I had changed my mind and that he could "fuck off if he wanted." This went on for a few days during which his manipulation was at its most extreme and effective. Inevitably I suppose I once more agreed that I would do it but that I didn't think I could ask her.

In his own indomitable way Kevin solved the dilemma. She came into the pub a couple of Wednesdays later talking, as usual, about her latest adventures and sexual exploits in the theatre. "Well just the producer and leading man" she replied to someone's query as to whether she had got lucky. "Oh messed around with the leading lady as well of course, got to keep in with the power brokers hasn't a girl?" she beamed at us completely unabashed.

Kevin managed to get the three of us alone at one end of the bar and cleverly turned the conversation around to rather saucy matters asking her about her exploits. This went on for a while with her and him becoming ever more open and then, right out of the blue , he came out with, "You know Jen, I reckon you could help an old married couple rekindle the spark in their marriage couldn't you?" She made some witty response ending with "any couple in mind Kev?" Laughing he said, "well I bet you can guess can't you?" She looked at both of us and went on, "close to home are they?" "Yes very," he replied moving if anything closer to her as she said, "what did you have in mind?"

I could hardly believe what was happening as he went on very boldly with what seemed to be the bombshell, "I've always wanted to see my wife with another woman?" There was silence as Jenny's gaze slowly went from Kevin, to me and back again. It seemed to me as though she was thinking about it and I was rather hoping she'd say no and go off in a huff. She took a sip of her drink as she once more looked at me and back to him before saying softly, "mmm might be fun, is it OK with you Mandy?" I could hardly breathe let alone reply so, like a fool, I just nodded and covered my embarrassment by putting the glass to my lips. Things then progressed quite quickly and it was arranged that the three of us would have lunch on Sunday at the pub then go back to our house which was just a short walk away.

I hardly thought of anything else between then and Sunday and several times I tried to talk Kevin out of it but there was no way that he was going to agree so my destiny was set for Sunday. My feelings about going with Jenny were very mixed. The actual thought of being with a woman, funnily enough, was not as daunting as I thought of it as I would have imagined it would be. My mind went back to what I had experienced with the girls and there was a sort of calmness with my views on the physical aspect of it. It was the emotional side and the fact that Kevin so wanted me to do something that he knew I would rather not do that was the main concern. As was his refusal to fully answer whether he would want to join in. "I don't know if I would want to or whether I would prefer to just watch the two of you two," he said very non-committal. I wanted to ask what he would do if he did join in but I guess I was scared of the answer so I didn't.

At the lunch I purposefully drank more than I usually did at that time. We were all friendly and Kevin was very chatty cracking jokes and making double entendres that Jenny and even I could not help smiling at. When he went to the loo she said to me, "are you really ok with this Mandy?" I again nodded and said that I was a little nervous. She went on, "look if at any time you want to stop just say so and I'll piss off, ok?" Just as I saw him coming back Jenny asked, "You have done it before haven't you?" I replied that I had, probably making it sound as though I was far more experienced than those teenage escapades warranted.

In the house Jenny sat in the middle of a settee her feet tucked under her bottom. As she was wearing a short, black skirt she was showing her legs almost up to her panties and that, and the fact that the pink, loose knit top she was wearing outside her skirt was showing that she wasn't wearing a bra, made for a very come on sexy pose. Kevin poured us brandies and I made coffee that we sipped as we chatted almost as though nothing was unusual. 

"You have a lovely house" she said after a while and Kevin said would she like to look round it adding, "come on Mandy let's show Jenny around."

I realised that he had thought out the route for we got to our bedroom last. "and here Jenny," he said coaxing her into the room in front of us, "is where Mandy and I have our fun and where hopefully you and her are going to,"

This is it I thought, no way out now, no going back. "Why don't I get us a nice bottle of wine?" he suggested "while you two work out the fun." 

We were standing close and she again said, "you sure Mandy?" very softly and throatily. This time I did reply, "Yes Jenny I'm OK."

Kevin returned with a bottle of champagne and poured us all a glass. "here's to a fun afternoon," he toasted, raising his glass adding coyly, "can I take a couple of photos of you Jen?" Jenny raised her eyebrows but the actress came out if in her and she said, "sure," immediately striking a couple of poses. "Why not sit on the bed Jen?" Kevin suggested getting his camera and taking the focus and light readings. He took a few shots and then said very huskily, "Shall we all get er more comfortable?" "You can put that away then," Jenny said sharply, "I don't want any more taken, got my reputation to maintain haven't I?" It hadn't really occurred to me that he would undress and I was taken aback when he unbuttoned his shirt and started on his trousers. Jenny smiled and slid her hands behind her obviously finding the zip on her skirt and looking at me as if to encourage me to follow.. I reached round me and with very shaking hands pulled the zip of my dress down. As she slid her, almost micro skirt down so I dropped my dress to the floor and stood before her in my underwear. She was now in just her panties, a frilly thong I noticed, and the fairly loose top through which her nipples, that were clearly throbbingly hard, poked very alluringly. 

She moved a little closer saying, "lovely underwear Mandy, Janet Regar?" I managed a "no it's Perla" as I saw Kevin now in just his boxers move over to a chair on the other side of the bed. He was already very erect. Jenny said, "let's sit on the bed Mandy," and I followed her sitting beside her on the side of it. "may I?" she asked leaning behind me her hands going to my bra strap. She didn't wait for my reply presumably assuming no need and I felt it being undone and the cups being eased away from me. 

I still didn't feel sexually aroused and I sat there rigid and very tense extremely aware that just a few feet away my husband was lying nearly naked watching every move. I couldn't though bear to look at him and instead I sat there looking down at my legs. Jenny was still half behind me and out of my line of vision so I didn't know whether she and Kevin were looking at each other and all I could see were her hands that were by my sides on the bed. It was actually fascinating to watch them as they started to move and I remember thinking "she's going to touch me." As they, so slowly it seemed, moved upwards I closed my eyes still feeling far from aroused.

And then I felt the gentlest of touches. The softest of caresses. The most delicate brushing of her fingertips against my nipples. She so slowly ran them round the larger part of the nipples gradually moving closer and closer to the centre that she then pressed with what was just the amount of pressure.. They reacted obviously and as they grew so she gently squeezed them between her fingers and thumbs. Pulling on them with hardly any pressure at all she coaxed them to their most extreme until they were at their largest swollen erectness. I was now, I knew, becoming aroused and thus as her hands cupped each of the orbs and began to gently caress them so I gasped a couple of times. 

The feelings were so lovely and so intense that I slowly forgot Kevin and really that it was another woman doing this to me. In my mind she became an anonymous object. A vague figure now giving me so much pleasure. A promise of so many sensations.

Nothing was said. I suppose it wasn't necessary. Jenny continued arousing me for ages. She was so patient and considerate, taking her time, relaxing me, priming me I suppose.

Her hand continued caressing my breasts sending what I now found to be the most delicious feelings through me. Her other hand was running up and down my back, brushing through my hair, caressing the back of my neck and reaching round me to softly touch my eyelids, my cheeks and my lips. I could feel her boobs pressing into my arm and my back, her hair rustling against my shoulder. I could smell her perfume and feel her warm breath on my ear. I lost all recognition of Kevin and my concern at doing this so into what she was doing did she take me.

I felt her pulling me backwards. I was laid on the bed my legs over the edge. She sat beside me forcing my arm around her so that the edge of my hand was against her hip. She looked down at me a look of such care and tenderness on her face and held my gaze as she took my breast in her hand again. She smiled as she saw the look of pleasure run across my face and she pinched the nipple, a little harder knowing from her own experiences that was exactly what I wanted. Her fingers started flittering around my body. Running all around my breasts, under them and across them. Sliding slowly down to and around my waist. Touching my naval and squeezing gently on my hips. I felt as though I was in heaven.

Jenny was leaning over me, her breast hanging down towards my face. From that angle they looked fuller than I had thought they were. Her nipples were darker but not as round as mine and they were very bloated. Her blonde hair falling onto her breasts and framing her face made her look much prettier than I had always reckoned her to be. She had a slight smile and her eyes were half closed as her hand slid slowly and softly even further down my body. Ever moving, slowly and gently she traced her fingers across my tummy and let them slip just inside the elastic of my panties. But they moved away again and ran over my chest before returning and going even further downwards. They ran outside my panties to where my pubic hairs begin as her other hand stroked my hair and my face. 

I was now becoming very excited and was extremely aroused for she had been doing this for what must have been twenty minutes or so...Her hands were so knowing, gentle and arousing that their movements totally consumed my thoughts. Where they were, where they'd been and where they were going was all I could focus upon. I forgot the girl on girl thing, I forgot Kevin I forgot my reservations and doubts. All that seemed important, no crucial, were those wondrous fingers, those marvellous touches, those such stimulating caresses. I found that my hand which had been resting against her hip was now stroking her skin which was so wonderfully soft, almost like silk.

Hers went further down and flittered up and down my thighs. The inner fleshy part, the most senstitve part. She knew exactly what to do, what I wanted and what would pleasure and further arouse me. They would slide upwards until I was full of anticipation but to only move away just before they reached my panties. The panties that I knew were totally see through. That would show her my pubes and the outline of my lips. The panties that would now be soaked.

My head was lying back so I couldn't see what she was doing or what she was about to do. So when her fingers so lightly brushed across my mound merely, but so sensationally, softly touching me right where my lips join at the front my entire body bucked like a horse. With no hesitation or fumbling like most men the tip of her finger had immediately found the protuberance of my clitoris. She didn't rub it or pinch it. She didn't press down on it. No, her knowing fingers brushed across the tip of it sending shivers of such pleasure through me that I felt my bottom rise off the bed. And then they were gone. But they came back and then went again. 

She knew exactly what to do and when. What would excite and arouse. Exactly what my body and mind needed to make me respond to her and to take me to levels of amazing pleasure. And I was responding. Not dramatically, not very energetically and not, really, all that evidently but my hand had slid down just inside the back of her panties and I was stroking and gripping the swell of flesh on her hip just above her taught bottom.

She again ran the tips of those wonderful fingers up and down my thighs this time though not stopping. No this time they slid into my groin and along it. They slipped inside the elastic of my panties around my legs. This time they touched and slithered along the now engorged lips that were probably so evident through the sheer net. They returned to above my groin and ran across my tummy. Now uninhibited, now assured of their welcome and now encouraged by my reactions they pushed their way inside my panties searching downwards for my wetness, Several times they went so near that my body stiffened with the anticipation but each time they stopped. "Would she ever touch me there?" I thought. "Is this just a tease? I wondered suddenly realising that with all my being the thing in the world that I most wanted at that moment was for those fingers not to stop. For them to keep going, to plunder me and stroke me there.

When at last they did I just simply erupted with sensations. I heard several deep grunts come out of my mouth. My eyes closed tightly and I gritted my teeth ss I felt her hand cup my mound her fingers snuggling tightly between my legs.right on and slightly inside my lips. I came immediately. Strongly and so gushingly. I knew that I made a noise. I knew that my body writhed and bucked and I knew that I cried out something but what ir was I have no idea. It seemed to go on and on as though it would be endless. With her other arm she cuddled me to her chest as she comforted me through the final throes of this awesome orgasm. My face was pressed against her breast, one hand was in her lap the other around her waist.as those magical fingers just went on and on giving me new sensation after new sensation.

I lie in her arms for what seemed an age, the occasional sob escaping from my lips, as she stroked and consoled me telling me how much she had enjoyed it and asking whether I had. Now, though, aware that Kevin was there I just smiled but said nothing. He chimed in, "well I bloody well did it was absolutely fucking amazing."

Jenny looked at him and said, "pleased you liked it, have a good wank did you?"

He shot back, "no but I would have liked to" She replied, "well you should have we wouldn't have noticed would we Mandy?" Looking at him I saw a combination of lust and love on his face and I didn't know what to think. Debased and demeaned that he had forced me to do this or pleased that he had insisted.

"Fuck it," I heard him saying, "the champagne's finished I'll get some more.."

"Well Mandy" Jenny said softly, "you did enjoy it didn't you?"
