 Linda and I usually slept with the window open. In the morning I could hear the birds chirping to each other long before the first rays of sun hit the eastern plains. It was a time of peace and tranquility in my life, and I was never happier than I was with Linda by my side. More often than not, the birds put me back to sleep with their gentle singing. We normally awoke long after the sun played its magic on the bedroom blinds.

After almost two years of the best sex of our lives, Linda and I were lounging in bed one Saturday morning, the sunshine bright on the patterned sheets and pillows. Constantly imaginative in our desire to achieve the longest and best "O's", we had tried just about everything two young ladies could do together sexually. Although I could be aggressive when I wanted to be, most of the time I was the more submissive of the two of us, and I enjoyed having my buns or my breasts (especially my nipples!) chastised with whatever instruments of delightful torture Linda could find. We went to the internet and bought all kinds of "toys" and sexual devices. Our toy box was filled to the brim with dildos (vaginal and anal) of all shapes and sizes, whips and paddles, several different riding crops, and bondage tools such as wrist and ankle cuffs, a collar, a penis gag, a blindfold, and almost half a dozen varieties of nipple clamps. In time I surprised even myself with how high a threshold of pain I had achieved.

We slept naked together every night, using the heat from our bodies to keep each other warm. A night (or a weekend morning) seldom passed when we did not give each other what we needed to make our bodies glow. As the months passed, we learned the little triggers that either got us going or ended in fulfillment from a night of pure pleasure. Linda knew how much I liked her legs, so she usually wore skirts when jeans would have sufficed. She knew, when she stretched out on the floor reading a book or a newspaper, that one slight turn of her body, offering me a view up her skirt, would set me off. We seemed to know, almost instinctively, what turned each other on.

As much as I loved getting my buns spanked in the evening, I cherished our snuggling time in the morning. Waking up next to Linda, my body next to hers, spoon fashion, with my breasts pressing into her back, was all I needed to make me happy. I usually slept this way, the front of my thighs pressed tightly against the back of hers, with my hand resting languidly between her breasts. Her hand was often over mine, holding it in place. 

She was easy to wake. A slow movement of my thumb over her nipple would cause a slight stir, cupping her breast in my hand would yield a moan, and kissing the warmth of her neck would make her turn her body into mine. We could hold each other, wordlessly, for hours, breast to breast, cheek to cheek, my leg resting leisurely over hers. 

I always kept myself totally shaved, but Linda didn't. I loved the feel of her soft brown curls against my abdomen. I loved running my fingers through the curls before delving into the goodies between her legs. She enjoyed running the flat of her tongue over my "baldie", as she called it. I must admit I enjoyed it even more. 

"Oh, babe, I love you," Linda whispered, holding me tightly.

"The feeling is mutual, sweetie," I replied, my right hand grabbing as much of her buns as it could.

We kissed. First kisses in the morning are as soft and sweet as dew on the rose petals. Our morning kisses, at least the first ones, seldom had the passion of evening ones, but they seemed to have more meaning. These were the embraces that solidified our love. Yes, sexual tension always hung in the air (it had to, we were naked in our embrace), but the love we felt for each other in the morning was nothing short of special.

Breaking the kiss, Linda looked so deeply into my eyes I felt like she was searching my soul. Her fingertips lightly touched my cheek. "Beth, Beth, Beth," she whispered. "How I love saying your name." 

Tears of happiness welled in my eyes. "And I love hearing you say it," I whispered back. "Could any two people be more in love?"

She smiled. Her teeth so beautiful. Her lips so soft. Her deep, brown puppy-dog eyes glistening in the first light of the morning. Her finger grazed across my eyebrow, then traced a path to my ear, circling it slowly. I moaned. 

"If anyone were more in love than us," she replied with a soft laugh, "they would have to be arrested."

My free hand found the back of her head. Fingers entwined in the curls of her hair, I brought her face into mine. Our lips melded. This time there was total passion in the kiss, burning with desire. Linda's lips were soft and pliable, and as she churned them gently over mine, the tingle between my legs became suddenly noticeable.

"Didn't you get enough last night?" I asked when her head moved back.

"I can never get enough of you," she husked, her voice now thick with lust.

It was my turn to smile. I bit my lower lip. "Nor I of you."

Her middle finger, still circling my ear, suddenly slipped into the canal. It was the coup de gras, and she knew it. I closed my eyes and cocked my head, enjoying the sweet sensation. My ear was more than just a little sensitive; like my nipples, there was a direct line from my ear to my clit. I was instantly putty in her fingers, and she knew it.

"You little shit," I moaned. "Do you know what you are doing?"

"I know exactly what I am doing," she replied.

She kept her finger inside my ear while she lowered her head to my chest. My fingers grasped a handful of her hair. "Oh, babe," I whispered as her lips pursed over my already turgid nipple, the warmth of her breath there sending chills up my spine.

By the time her lips formed a perfect "O" over my nipple, I was wet where she wanted me to be. Like a baby, she suckled me softly. Reflexively, my body moved flat against the cool satin sheet and my legs opened invitingly. Accepting the invitation, Linda's leg moved between them, her soft, warm thigh flesh flattening against my "baldie." 

I pressed my pussy tightly against her thigh as she began to lightly bite my now fully erect nipple between her teeth. My wetness, already seeping from between my lips, began to coat her thigh. The feel of Linda's pussy hairs against my leg drove me wild. Somehow I managed to insinuate a hand between our clasped bodies. I found the curls and ran my fingers through them, causing her to bite me even harder.

It was pure lust from that point on. I starting humping Linda's thigh while she clamped her teeth down hard on my nipple. How I loved the sweet pleasure/pain! Obligingly, she opened her legs wider, and my middle finger quickly found the nubbin between her pussy lips. She moaned into my breast as I pressed hard against her clit, then bit me even harder.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I cried out from the sweet pain.

"I want to fuck you so bad, it hurts," she said thickly as she raised her head from my chest.

"You mean really fuck me?" I asked with a wry smile.

"I mean really fuck you," she replied.

"Then do it." I don't think I ever wanted her more.

Linda arose from the bed. My eyes followed her nakedness to our drawer of toys. Her ass was perfect, and she knew it. She rummaged for a second. She took it out and held it up, the black straps and the long, pink dildo protruding from its leather encasement making me wild with desire. She moved to the side of the bed and looked down at my own naked body, my legs still splayed in open invitation of her pretty "cock."

I ran my eyes up and down her body. She was beautiful. Her breasts, fuller than mine, were tipped with tiny pink nipples framed by light-brown, half-dollar sized areolas. Her nipples were hardened pebbles. Her body was sleek, her legs long and lithe. The brown triangle of curls at the base of her abdomen stood out proudly.

Her face flushed with the color of lust, Linda raised her left leg and drew the leather harness of the strap-on over her ankle. She bent over to pull the right side in place, her breasts swaying gently. I watched her pull the harness all the way up her legs until the leather shield covered her pussy hairs. The inanimate "cock" seemed to have a life of its own, its ribbed shaft pointing right at me. She pulled the top of the harness around in back, then turned around to let me buckle it tightly around her waist. 

She turned slowly, holding the dildo proudly in her hand. "Is this what my baby wants?" she husked.

I licked my lips suggestively. "Yes, please," I whispered.

"Then she needs to suck it first," she said.

I turned my body on my side as Linda stepped closer the bed, her strap-on dildo just above the top of the mattress. My lips formed an "O" over the dildo, then wrapped around it. It was a ritual we both enjoyed, the submissive side of me reveling in the power she felt over me. I took her deeply into my mouth, laving the hard dildo with my tongue. I was so soaked between my legs I could feel my juices all over the insides of my thighs.

She grasped the back of my head, holding it tightly in place, while she slowly fucked my mouth. The scent emanating from between her legs was intoxicating. "Oh, suck me baby, suck me…" she whispered as she moved the dildo in and out of my mouth. I closed my eyes and sucked until my lips grew tired.

When she withdrew, I looked up. Beads of sweat filled her forehead. Lust was written all over her face. "What does my baby want?"

"Oh, Linda, I want you to fuck me. Fuck me hard."

She slithered onto the bed, holding her "cock" in her left hand. Slowly she moved between my opened legs, all the while looking down at my hairless slit, wet and glistening in the morning light. 

There is something special about the feel of a cock about to enter the female body. Maybe it's the thought of what is about to happen, maybe it's the excitement of knowing how good it is going to feel. Linda always kept the head of her "cock" just against the vaginal entrance, sometimes for excruciatingly long periods of time, barely moving it, often ignoring my pleas to put it more deeply inside me. Each slight movement sent tremors through my body. She was the best fuck in the world, well, the only one in the world for me, and I relished every second of it.

She teased. I looked up at her, a begging in my eyes, a longing in my loins. Her face was contorted in concentration. Tony Squatritto, my one and only male lover so many years ago, the guy I called the "Italian Stallion", fucked like madman. But when he was done all he wanted was to be left alone. When Linda made love to me, it was sometimes an all day affair, lasting from morning until dawn. No, we wouldn't be doing IT the entire time, but more than once she left her strap-on in place in all day long and took me every time she felt the need, which was often enough to make me a very happy woman indeed.

When she finally entered me, it happened so slowly it was almost imperceptible at first. When I finally realized what was happening, I often came just from feeling her fullness inside me. Usually tiny "cums", the precursors to the real thing. When I felt her move more deeply, I put my legs around her waist, my heels digging into her buttocks, and let her take me completely. I moaned so loudly I was sure the neighbors heard me, but I didn't care. This was my moment, this was my world, this was my life.

I grunted when I felt the leather base of the harness press against my clit. She was in me all the way now, the thick plastic penis filling me completely. She leaned down and brought her chest to mine, her breasts crushing into me. I felt her move back ever so slightly, then suddenly press hard into me, and I squealed in delight. I was the noisier of the two of us when we made love. It was impossible to hide my desire. 

As Linda slowly fucked me, my mind swam in a sea of lust. Her rhythm increased and I bucked my hips to meet her thrusts. I used my nails to scratch her back, leaving long streaks of red everywhere I touched. My clit literally throbbed every time she touched it. When I was close to cumming, Linda held her hand over my mouth to stifle the scream. The orgasm seemed to burst forth all at once, and I bit the hand that stifled me as waves of pleasure filled my body. 

She was done, but she left it in me until I came down completely, perhaps twenty minutes later. As soon as she withdrew, I wanted it back, so fierce was my need for her. When she cuddled next to me, her body hot and moist, I kissed her eyelids.

"That was nice," I whispered, my pussy still feeling the last sweet tingles of the ecstasy we had just enjoyed.

She smiled. Her "cock", still wet from the copious flow of my juices, pressed against my thigh. Her tiny nipples pressed against mine. "Nothing could ever be better than this," she said with a soft sigh.

"You know," I mused, "I wonder what it would be like to have another girl join us."

"Beth! What did you just say?" she asked incredulously.

I had said it half-jokingly, but all of a sudden my mind buzzed. I thought for a second before answering. "Well, I have always wanted to seduce a straight girl," I finally blurted.

She looked at me, wide-eyed. "You're serious," she said.

"It might be kind of fun, you know. To teach someone to do some of the things we do. Have you ever thought about it? Be honest."

She smiled again. "You are nasty. But I love it! You wouldn't be jealous if you saw me doing something with another girl?"

"Not as long as I knew you were mine after she left," I replied, my eyes searching hers for any hint of reluctance.

Her eyes brightened. "But who? Who could we seduce."

This was the hard part. Naming a name would give away the fact that I had had my eyes on someone else. What the heck, it just might be worth it. "Megan Reynolds," I finally blurted.

"Megan? The girl from your office?" she asked with another look of amazement. "Didn't she just get married?"

I laughed. "Yes. About a year ago. But the honeymoon is over, and she's been expressing dissatisfaction more and more with her good-for-nothing husband. And I think she's been kind of flirting with me."

"You little devil! How old is she?"

"Twenty. And she's ripe, Linda. Really ripe!"

The pregnant pause before she spoke again sort of scared me. I could see her mind churning. Would she be upset that I would even think of Megan in that way? That sexy way. "Okay, let's do it!" she exclaimed.

I smiled broadly. "You are as bad as I am."

It would not be until the following Saturday night when I asked Megan over for dinner. I did it so matter-of-factly that it hardly took her by surprise. I sensed she needed a friend to talk to, so she readily accepted. She knew I was living with Linda, but had no idea that Linda and I were lovers. We would break that fact to her gently, then see if she might take some bait.

She arrived promptly at six that evening, dressed in dungarees that hugged her delectable buns nicely, with a gray sweatshirt that was so loose I couldn't tell whether or not she was wearing a bra. Her face was as pure as the fallen snow, kind of round, with deep blue eyes and short black hair. She had a cute pug nose and an engaging smile. She didn't wear make-up, nor did she need it. 

I wore one of my favorite outfits, the blue denim skirt and white cotton half-sleeve, button-down blouse that fit nicely over my breasts, revealing a white lacey bra beneath. Linda wore hip-hugging black shorts and a "T" that molded her tits so tightly that her nipples poked out invitingly through the thin material. She was obviously bra-less. 

Megan had never met Linda, but upon introduction they were instant friends. It was all too obvious that the pretty girl needed someone to talk to, and we would be her sounding boards. After a couple glasses of Merlot, it didn't take long for the conversation to turn to her declining marriage.

Linda sat in the arm chair across from the sofa where Megan and I sat, her legs curled beneath her. She had beautiful legs, and her shorts did nothing to hide them. "But you've only been married a year," Linda said as I watched Megan's eyes begin to tear.

"I know," she said. "But Gregg is so different from when I first met him."

"How so?" I asked, resting my arm languidly on top of the sofa, my hand a few inches from Megan's left shoulder. I could tell she really wanted to talk about this.

"He is so cold at times. I mean, you know, after we make love, he turns the other way and ignores me."

I laughed. My thoughts went back immediately to Tony Squattrito. "I know the feeling, hon."

She went on. A litany of problems in her marriage. Financial woes. A miscarriage. Gregg losing his job. Perhaps Gregg was cheating on her already.

"Have you thought about divorce?" Linda boldly asked.

That brought the tears in a steady stream down her pretty cheeks. I put my arm around her, comforting her as she sobbed quietly. My breast pressed against her arm, and for the first time in the evening I felt that all too familiar "twitch" of desire in my loins.

Megan finally settled down and I leaned back, settling into the corner of the sofa. I felt sorry for her, but, at the same time, I wanted to get into her jeans so bad I could almost taste it.

"You know," she said, "I've been rude. I didn't come here to talk just about me. How about you guys? Do you have someone special?"

I took a deep breath, then glanced over at Linda. She nodded an okay that I could tell Megan about us. "We don't have boyfriends," I said, my eyes now fixed on Megan's. "Linda and I are…" I paused. "Linda and I are lovers."

Megan looked at me for a brief second, then threw a glance in Linda's direction. She looked startled, not knowing what to say at first. Would this revelation turn her off completely. When she smiled, my pounding heart eased, and she looked back into my eyes. "You know, I thought that you and Linda were more than friends when you first told me about the two of you."

"It was that obvious?" I asked incredulously.

She laughed. "No, silly. But I saw this twinkle in your eyes every time you talked about her."

"And it doesn't bother you?" I pressed.

"No," she replied. "Why should it?"

"Well, I guess it shouldn't, but some people don't approve of who we are."

"Or what we do," Linda chimed in with a hearty laugh.

"I've read books about girls, you know, doing that kind of thing. But I've never known anyone who was like that." Her face was slightly red.

I sensed immediately that she was at least inquisitive about the subject, but I had no idea where we might be going with this. This was the time to make a move. "Did the books do anything for you?"

Her hands fidgeted on her lap. Her lower lip seemed to quiver nervously. "You mean like turn me on?" she finally asked.

"Uh-uh," I replied.

She blushed more deeply this time. "The truth?" she said in a voice barely above a whisper. All of a sudden I got the distinct feeling that it might be easier to get into this sweetheart's pants than I thought.

"If it doesn't make you feel uncomfortable talking about it," I replied.

She looked at Linda again, then back at me. She swallowed hard. Words started to form on her lips, then suddenly stopped. When she accrued enough of a nerve in her spinning mind, she looked straight into my eyes and said, "I liked the idea…of… of two women together very much."

Bingo! Goal almost achieved. Half-way home. The rest would be easy. She was ripe for the picking, and Linda and I knew it.

"So do we," I laughed. 

Megan's face suddenly showed a deep inquisitiveness. "Do you guys do things like in the books I read?" she asked with a nervous smile.

"We probably do a lot more than what you read about," Linda interjected. "What did the girls do in the books?"

