 I'd been away with Lauren before, and we always seemed to have shared this mutual interest for each other. But since neither of us had ever really experienced a same sex relationship, the mood just seemed to remain sexually charged but reserved.

This weekend would be a little different, however. Usually a few of us attend the annual pharmacy conference and share a hotel room. But this time around our coworkers had opted to skip it and stay home. Personally, I was looking forward to it. It's not often that I get the chance to have an escape from my husband and kids and just let loose.

Lauren was my sexy 26-year-old blonde coworker. At work she rarely revealed the naughtiness that lay underneath her professional life; except for the occasional surprise fondle of my ass and the times she would come up behind me and rub her breasts against my back. She was married, but didn't have ay children yet. Of course, this showed, as her body was tight and sexy. She wasn't too tall, and was very slender. She had a little wild streak that made her a lot of fun to hang out with.

When we arrived at the conference hotel, we checked in and found our way to our room. The first night is usually nothing special, just a cocktail reception hosted by one of the drug companies. With about 200 women and only a handful of men, it's not a real opportunity for action. The company reps usually hang out and flirt a lot, hoping to use the pharmacy technicians as information on their bosses back at the pharmacies.

This year was no different. When we walked in to the reception, it was the usual collection of women, some still dressed in their work clothes, others like Lauren and myself who made a little effort to put on some glamour. While I had been stealing a few glances at Lauren from the time we arrived, she certainly had me attention this night. She had on an amazing little pant suit that made her ass look incredible. I kept trying to slip around behind her to see if I could tell if she was wearing any panties. Underneath her jacket, she had on just a simple skin tight white t-shirt that made her breasts look unbelievably delicious. 

As I watched her ass make its way through the drink line-up, this man's voice came from behind me, "I thought I might see a couple of sexy women here tonight." I turned around to see Connor, the sales rep that comes into our pharmacy a fair bit. A really handsome man, around 40, he's always bringing free gifts in for the techs.

"Hey sexy," Lauren replied. She's always a flirt. We all know that Connor is married with a family, but that never stops her from plying her charms and trying to get a hand-out or two.

In no time, Lauren had Connor devoting his complete attention to us, buying our drinks and hanging out at our table. And, like I said, her wild side lingers just below the surface, and it wasn't long before the conversation began to get sexual.

"Did you know Andee has a tattoo on her ass," Lauren said to Connor, disclosing a little secret of mine from my past.

"No, I didn't know," he said, flashing me a look of intrigue. "You don't strike me as the kind of woman to have something like that. Lauren, I would expect it from. You, never."

"Yes, it was a gift from my husband," said, with a kind of feigned teeth-gritting indignation. I wasn't ticked, so much as a little jealous that she had turned her attention to our table mate and not me. To escape from where to conversation was going, I stood up and offered to go get the three of us another drink. By now we were all feeling pretty good. When I returned, Lauren was almost sitting in Connor's lap.

I had to lean over to place her drink down on the table, half intentionally leaning across Connor. As I did, Lauren grabbed the hem of my skirt and hiked it up over my ass.

"See, I told it was some great artwork," she giggled to him. I felt kind of strange with my ass hanging out, but as she was explaining to him the meaning behind it, she was delicately fondling my exposed cheek.

"And those are very nice panties too," Connor said, obviously enjoying the lacy blue Brazillian thong that I had chosen to wear.

I'm not sure if it was the several drinks I had already had, or maybe that I was enjoying finally being included in Lauren's flirtation, but instead of pulling my skirt back down in embarassment, I remained bent over, and looked back at Connor.

"You think so? I don't why I bothered to wear anything sexy tonight. It's usually just a bunch of gossiping women here."

"I think she's hoping for a little action now that she's been parolled from her husband and kids," Lauren said, with a mischievious tone in her voice. "I mean, who wouldn't want a piece of this action...wouldn't you like a piece Connor?"

Our male friend kind or adjusted himself, not sure where this might be headed. "Well, Andee certainly has a really nice ass. I'm sure she gets a lot of action with it."

Connor seemed to enjoy watching as Lauren's hand continued to lightly caress my ass. Her touch was sending shivers right through my body. I leaned closer into her, pretty much putting my butt right under Connor's bulging eyes. As she slowly groped and slid over my cheeks, I looked right into her eyes. She could tell that I was enjoying the moment far too much. I laid my head on her should just under her chin and gave her a little muzzle.

"You ever watch two women, Connor?" Lauren teased him. "You ever see how a woman makes love to another? I bet you'd love that."

And with that little taunt, she moved her hand back to them hem of my skirt and pulled it back down, hiding my panties from any further view. I was quite disappointed, as I my mind had wandering to the possibility of a little threeway action. But then, Connor sadly came to his senses and pointedly looked at his watch.

"Uh...well...uh...I'm giving a presentation at the first session tomorrow, ladies. I better call it a night," and with that he excused himself. Lauren and I had a good little chuckle at watching him try to walk out of the reception hall with a hard-on.

"Damn, that was naughty," I said to Lauren. "You were really getting me worked up."

"Don't worry," she said with a devilish little wink. "We've got all weekend to torment that delicious boy."

We continued to have a good giggle about the reception as we got back to our room. With a full schedule ahead for the next day, we decided it would be a good idea to get a little bit of sleep after Connor had left us. As I began to undress, Lauren noticed my nipple ring. I had got it to celebrate my 'liberation' from breastfeeding after my second child...and as a little horny thrill for my husband.

"I didn't know you had that," she said, with a little surprise in her voice.

"You didn't really strike me as the kind of girl to have a nipple ring," she said, trying to imitate what Connor had said about my tattoo.

"I got it as a teaser for my husband," I replied, giving her a little wink. "It gives him something to think about when I'm not around. And something to play with when I am."

Lauren came over to me to get a closer look at the ring. I was surprised at my own reaction because I thought I would feel a little strange at being examined so closely. Instead I found myself extremely excited at her attention. Her breath was warm on my exposed flesh, really getting me going underneath my thong. Delicately, she lifted the ring up with her index finger so she could see the picture of the bunny.

"That's very cute. Did it hurt?"

"Actually, it feels pretty nice," I said, looking intently into her eyes. In reality, her soft touch of my nipple had sent little 'electric' shocks right down to my pussy and my nipple was beginning to get harder the longer she held her finger against it.

"It's a huge turn-on to have it played with," I continued.

I'm pretty sure she got the hint, as she started to caress my nipple more and more. It wasn't long before she started to stroke my breast, and eventually brought her other hand up to play with them both. Her touch was so soft and delicate; something totally different from my husband. I closed my eyes and allowed her to continue as long as she wanted. She moved very close to me, so our hips were almost touching. I could feel her so near and it was making me very wet. As I lifted my arms up to stroke out my hair, I felt her lips press against the nape of my neck. Her kiss was very soft. Shivers went through me at the sensation of her touching me, kissing me.

When I brought my head back forward, Lauren brought her lips against mine. Her tongue lightly tickled my lips before parting them and finding its way into my mouth. It felt amazing to finally be kissing her. It was something that I had masturbated to before and now my little fantasy was beginning to come together.

Next thing I knew, her hand had dropped my my breast and found it's way underneath my skirt. Unlike the grope earlier at the reception, her hand lingered a lot longer. Her fingers lightly began to stroke my already wet pussy through the thin fabric of my underwear. With each gentle stroke across my clit, I would let out a tiny little moan.

When she finally broke our kiss, she looked deep into my eyes and began to wiggle a finger underneath the band of my panties. Her finger was long, and the touch was incredible. I think she knew all along that she would have me soaking with anticipation, right from her little tease of my ass in front of Connor through to this very moment.

I looked deep into her beautiful eyes as I undid the zipper on my skirt and let it drop to my ankles. Now I was standing in front of her in nothing but a tiny baby blue thong and my shoes.

I moved closer to her, hugging her closely as she felt her way along my pussy lips. As she touched my clit, this time underneath my panties, I twitched with excitement. When she pulled her hand away I was about to complain, but then she grabbed the waist band and pulled my panties down. Once I had them off, I spread my legs again slightly, inviting her touch. As she returned her attention to my dripping cunt, I slid my hands under her top and lifted it off her breasts.

Lauren had great tits. They were small, but firm and perky. Her nipples were hard as anything, so I knew she was just as horny.

As she continued to just tease the outside of my pussy lips with her finger, I lowered my mouth and sucked on her nipple. I had done this before to my husband, but never with another women. She had a wonderful feel to her, and a very soft touch on my flesh. Slowly teasing her nipple with my tongue made me even wetter. Thankfully she picked up on my little hip movements -- trying to get her finger into me -- and she slid her long middle finger deep into me.

As she began her slow in-and-out finger fuck, I thought I was collapse from excitement. When men had toyed with my pussy, they were aggressive and rough, but Lauren knew exactly how to lightly slip and swirl around it. In seconds she had me melting with desire.

I fell onto my back on the bed, with my knees pulled up and my legs spread wide. She stood for a moment, watching me play with my own pussy. Like a little private showgirl, I slid my finger up and down the outer edges of my slit, slowly making it glisten with the moisture she had drawn out of me. Lauren stripped out of her clothes completely and positioned herself between my legs. At first I thought she was just going to enjoy the show a little. We had talked before about "going down" on another woman, and both kind of agreed that it wasn't something we were sure we were ready for.

I was really getting into myself, so when I felt her finger slide back into me, I just closed my eyes and enjoyed this little moment of heaven. She then leaned on one of my knees, propping herself into good viewing position, with easy access for her finger that was deliciously buried in me. I was so into trying to muster an orgasm for her, that I didn't notice she had repositioned herself so her face was just inches away from my dripping slit.

The next thing I know is her tongue is fighting with my fingers for my clit. Gawd, it felt so incredible as she teased me with her mouth. Her breath was warm on my pussy, her touch so different from the guys who had eaten me out before. Her hair lightly tickled my thighs as she set to work on me from below.

Lauren began to swirl her hot tongue around my clit, driving me absolutely crazy as she would find that special little spot, then move along, only to return. In minutes she had me bucking my hips, wiggling to keep her tongue on my clit. Of course, she knew all along that she was making me insane....she could feel how wet I was getting.

Finally Lauren stopped the teasing and began to lick me hard. Her tongue was soft and knew exactly how to massage my clit. Within minutes I was beginning to feel that orgasm welling up. I reached down and grabbed her hair, winding it through my fingers as I pulled her mouth as tight as I could against me. She continued to massage my little button as I began to buck my hips harder and harder against her face. As my pussy started to drip right down to my tight asshole, she slid another finger into my cunt, adding to the sensation even more.

Lauren turned and twisted her fingers inside me, sending the most unbelievable feeling through me. I started moaning loadly, telling her to get ready for me to come...just as my clit started to twitch in orgasm, Lauren slid her thumb into my asshole, sending me into the most mind-blowing orgasm I had ever experienced.

She kept on licking my pussy until I had to beg her to take a breather. When she had finally finished licking every inch of my soaking wet crotch, she slid her body up on top of me until she was face to face. Her chin was glistening with my juices, so I started licking her face. In seconds our tongues were locked in a delicious, sex-flavoured kiss.

And with that, I knew I was about to overcome my bi-sexual curiosities and turn my fantasy into reality...

To Be Continued...