 She sat in front of me in my English Lit class. I wanted her so badly. I didn’t fool myself into thinking that this was anything but pure animal lust. I didn’t love her or want to have long talks with her on quiet beaches. I wanted to fuck her, lick her pussy until she screamed my name and then let her return the favor. My pussy got wet every time I thought about her.

I knew that I would barely pass this class with her constantly in my vision, yet completely unattainable. Then it happened. Mr. Burgess in his infinite greatness assigned Angela to be my tutor. Of course, he had no idea that she was the reason I needed help so desperately.

“So, do you want to come by my room tonight around seven and get started on Mac Beth?”

Hell yeah I did, I thought, while sweetly responding, “ Yeah, that’d be great! Ummm, thanks again for this. My parents will kill me if I flunk.” 

“No problem. Sarah Winston tutored me last semester in Physics. She was a Godsend. See you later Andi.” She turned and walked away leaving me admiring her perfectly curved ass and thinking sinfully nasty thoughts of what I wanted to do to it.

***

At 6:00 I started getting ready for my “tutoring” session. My roommate Lilly knew exactly what was going on in my mind. We had been friends and lovers since our freshman year at Redcliff High. It was wonderful rooming with her at Virginia State. She sat behind me on my bed, her bare legs wrapped around me, brushing my long black hair into a ponytail high on my head. I could feel her breasts pressing against my back through my thin t-shirt. “You look really hot, Andi! You could seduce a nun, I swear,”

“Why thank you honey,” I replied, as I reached around and ran a finger down her flat stomach and over her white cotton underwear, ending just above her slit. “I will give you all the details tonight, I promise.”

“Oooh you better. I’m horny just thinking about you and Angela naked.” She snapped the band around my hair, and flared the tail. “There, all done. What are you going to wear?”

“I’m going to wear this. After all, we are just two girls doing homework. My outfit should be casual and comfortable. What do you think?” I asked already knowing how I looked and that it was perfect for what I had planned.

Lilly looked me over as I stood up. I was the perfect picture of a young, hot coed. I was wearing a thin Virginia State white tee without a bra. My breasts were not huge, but were firm with upturned nipples that always seemed hard, inviting lots of licking and sucking. My shorts were very short boxer style pj bottoms that left my long tanned silky smooth legs bare. My toenails, which were painted bright red to match my fingernails, wiggled freely in the strappy little white sandals that set off my tan even more.

“God, you know what I think,” Lilly stood up and pressed her body against mine running her hands up by back under my shirt and kissed me full on the lips. She then pulled my tee up and set her hungry mouth on my nipples, licking and sucking them both until they were even more swollen. She then pulled my shirt back down and smiled.

“There! Now you’re perfect. Don’t take your book with you. It’s too much trouble to come back to your room to get it. So you can just share with her. That’ll put you two a lot closer.”

“I love how you think! I will definitely reward you for that when I get back. Don’t wait up. I promise to wake you up if you’re asleep and tell you everything.” With that, I kissed her upturned mouth, grabbed my Lit notebook, and left the room.

***

On the way to Angela’s dorm room, all I could think about was her body and her mouth and her hands. I couldn’t wait to see if she was actually as good as she was in my mind. I knocked on the door and heard her holler to come on in. As I opened the door, it occurred to me that Angela’s roommate Cybil might be home tonight. However, upon entering I was happy to see that Cybil was apparently gone and that left me alone with Her.

She was so fucking hot. Her short curly blonde hair was pushed back behind her ears. She wore one of her boyfriend’s high school football jerseys that came almost down to her knees. I could see her generous breasts outlined and knew that she didn’t have a bra on. Her bare feet were also gorgeous. “Hey, come on over and sit down, we have a lot of work to do.”

“Oh no! I forgot my lit book. Do you think that I could share with you? I swear I am so forgetful sometimes,” I threw her my most charming smile.

“Of course, umm I only have one chair and Cybil’s crazy about people touching her stuff so do you think that we could sit on my bed?” Her blue eyes, framed by long lashes, were truly striking and her mouth, so full and seductive, was a work of art. I had trouble keeping my mind on what she was saying. With us being close on the bed, I knew this would be easy. 

“That’s great. It’ll kinda be like a high school slumber party.” As we climbed onto the bed, a quick glimpse of her cute butt revealed she wore only thong panties under the jersey. Oh my God, I thought my pussy was gonna explode! We were sitting there side by side leaning against the headboard and reading the opening lines of Mac Beth when she asked me the question.

“Uhh… Andi, have you ever, you know, been with another girl? I mean, Eric keeps bringing it up and asking me if I would be interested and stuff. But I just don’t know. I was really glad that Mr. Burgess assigned me to you cause I feel comfortable talking to you about this sort of stuff. Eric wants us to have a threesome. I don’t think that it’s a horrible idea, but I thought that maybe I should, you know, be with another girl by myself first to make sure that I could do it. You know what I mean?” She turned to look at me and I knew from her rambling that she was nervous, but I also knew what she wanted.

“Yes,” I breathed as I drew closer to her mouth, “I know exactly what you mean.”

I pressed my mouth against hers softly and was surprised when her sweet little tongue plunged into my mouth, wresting with mine. Without ending the kiss, we moved down in the bed so that we were lying there side by side, kissing. 

She moaned softly and I reached down and pulled her jersey up and over her head. I gasped at her pale beauty; my tanned body against her pale one was so erotic. I ran my palms over her slightly rounded stomach and up under her heavy breasts bringing my fingers around and stroking softly over her nipples. Her back arched up and her tits filled my hands.

“Oh please, please put your mouth on me, Oh God,” she whispered. I lowered my mouth to her right nipple and sucked it greedily into my mouth; her skin was soft and tasted so sweet. I let my hand continue to play with her other breast as I ravished her nipple with my mouth and tongue, licking all around the hardened nub and then sucking it hard into my mouth and nibbling a bit with my teeth.

Her hips were pushing up into mine and I could smell our scents mingling. I moved my mouth over to her other breast and played it as I had the other, knowing what felt good and delivering ecstasy to her. Her moans were louder now and I let my hands wonder down her stomach followed by my hot mouth. I kissed, licked, and nibbled her flesh all the way down to her panties.

They were flimsy white lace that barely covered her pussy. I trailed my fingers over them pressing lightly against her clit. She bucked against my hand, “oh fuck! Put your mouth on my cunt! Oh please, eat my pussy, you feel so good, please,” she cried out. 

Her words made me so hot! I lowered my mouth to her clit. My tongue teased it through her panties. She reached down and grabbed the back of my head, pushing it into her wet crotch. It was time to fuck. No more playing, she wanted me and I was going to make it wonderful. 

I pulled her panties off and dove into her pussy. She was clean-shaven and her pussy smelled so fucking unbelievable. It was so wet and slick. She held my head to her as she rubbed her cunt all over my mouth. “Lick it, suck it,” she commanded hoarsely! 

I happily obliged, letting my tongue lick in long hard strokes all the way from her hole up to her clit and back. Then I concentrated my efforts on her hot little button, letting my tongue flick it quickly and firmly then sucking it into my mouth and rolling my tongue around it. I let my fingers wander to her slit and pushed one finger into it gently with my mouth firmly clamped onto her clit.

She bucked up into my face so fucking hard. “Fuck me!” she practically yelled. I slid another finger into her fiery twat and starting finger fucking her hard and fast, never stopping the sweet torture that my mouth was inflicting on her hard little nub. 

“I want you to cum on my face” I told her and we switched positions so that I was lying on my back and she was sitting on my face. She fucked my face so hard and fast, her pussy juice dripping down over my chin as I hurried to lap up every fucking drop I could. I was fucking her with my fingers, but wanted more. I put my other hand behind her and started running my finger around her tight asshole. I got it wet with her pussy juice then stuck it in her mouth.

”Taste yourself, see what your pussy tasted like, lick it off my finger.” She did. I then put my finger in my mouth to get it even wetter. She slammed down on my face again and I gently pushed my wet finger a short way into her ass. I kept finger fucking her, waiting until she begged me to plunge my finger all the way into her asshole.

“Oh my fucking God… I’m going to cum so fucking hard, “ She yelled and then I felt her pussy tighten on my fingers and a flow of her pussy juice hit my mouth. I pulled my fingers out of her and grabbed her hips, positioning her hole over my mouth as I sucked and licked every drop of her woman cum from her cunt.

She then collapsed next to me. She brought her mouth to mine with her tongue licking and her mouth sucking at her own juices.

“Thank you,” she breathed!

“No, Angela, thank you.”