 Andi was in turmoil. She was nervous, terrified, excited; all the emotions that accompany thrilling anticipation. However, deeper inside, Andi was a flaming inferno of need. For such a long time, she had been merely curious. Sometimes it was just a vague fantasy of hers, merely a dim ember. But since she had met her Captain, and he had encouraged and even expected her to explore, this feeling had grown. Her need was now so intense, and now here she stood, right outside the door, minutes from fulfillment.

And she was terrified. So many questions were whirling through her mind. What if she was rejected? What if she didn't like it? What if it was all for nothing, a letdown? She leaned on her Captain's arm and found reassurance in his strength. He pushed open the door, and together, they stepped inside.

Her Captain left her at the door and went forward. He greeted a strange man with a handshake and they went deeper into the room, talking like old friends, taking seats and pouring themselves drinks. Andi felt a bit awkward, and then she spotted her.

The woman stood off to the side of the room. About ten years younger than Andi, she was taller and slender with an athletic build. Andi had to admit that she was gorgeous, and that should have intimidated her.

But the younger woman seemed nervous, anxious to the point of fear. She stood with her head down, nervously played with her fingers, shifted her weight back and forth on unsteady legs. Her fear emboldened Andi and she found herself confidently stepping into the room, into the very center of the room, where the younger woman, and the men could see her.

Without fear Andi smiled, standing straight, pulling her shoulders back, she bit her lower lip and slowly reached up to unfasten the buttons on her blouse. She moved sensually, with a great confidence that she truly felt deep inside her in that moment. As she looked around, her gaze fell upon the younger woman, who gazed entranced at Andi's ample chest. Andi continued to unfasten her blouse until the she met the woman's gaze. Andi smiled and licked her lips. The younger woman immediately looked away, nervously.

Andi laughed to herself and strode over to her. She lifted the woman's chin and gazed deeply into her beautiful green eyes. Andi enjoyed the feel of younger woman's soft skin, the smell of her perfume. Andi's nervousness had vanished and her lust grew unchecked. Andi suddenly leaned in and her lips met those of the younger woman. Andi heard a delightful moan of surprise escape the woman's lips, but she relaxed almost immediately, and her moan became a delicious purr of pleasure.

Andi felt herself growing wet. Her hands ran the length of the younger woman's body, felt the curve of her hips, her slender waist, and finally her fingers found the zipper on the back of her skirt. But before Andi could open it, she felt the younger woman's tongue slide between her lips. Their kiss intensified and Andi dug her nails through the fabric of the young woman's skirt and into the supple flesh of her firm ass. Andi felt her own thighs grow slick, the top of her stockings soaking up her nectar as she dripped with pleasure.

The younger woman panted with excitement and her hands wandered over Andi's body. They found Andi's chest and rubbed hard protruding nipples through a lacy bra. The stimulation drove Andi wild, she suddenly longed to have this woman's tongue dance on her chest.

As if she could read Andi's thoughts, the slender young woman broke their kiss and leaned in, sliding Andi's heavy breasts out of her bra and wrapping her lips around Andi's nipple. Andi moaned aloud, lost in pleasure. Eventually, her hands once again found the younger woman's ass, and this time she yanked down the zipper and reached inside to rub her soft bare skin directly.

The woman frantically shook her hips from side to side as she licked Andi's chest. She planted kisses between Andi's breasts as she moved from one nipple to the other. Andi helped her shimmy out of her skirt and it fell to her ankles. Andi paused for a moment, enjoying the feel of her new lover's tongue intensely. She dug her hands into the taller woman's flowing hair and purred.

The woman broke her long kiss and leaned back, so that she could drink in the sight of Andi's heaving chest with her bright green eyes. Andi immediately grabbed her blouse and ripped it fully open. Her lover stared at her chest with wide eyes as Andi unfastened her bra and shook herself free. The woman might have been younger, thinner, prettier even, but her slim athletic frame didn't permit her the massive chest that Andi now pressed against her slender body.

The woman brought her hands up, reaching out to fondle Andi's engorged nippples, but Andi deftly grabbed her by the wrists, and forced her hands down by her side where she held them, pinned to her hips. Looking up into the taller woman's eyes, Andi smiled a wicked grin. From a position of power, Andi sank slowly down to her knees before the younger woman. She was filled with the scent of her slender lover's arousal. Andi brushed her lips over the damp fabric of the woman's panties and was rewarded with a delightful moan 

Andi's teeth found the waistband of the woman's panties and grabbed ahold. Andi pulled the wet lacy panties down to the woman's knees. Drunk on the scent of the young woman's flowing pussy, so close to fulfilling her long held desires, Andi leaned in to sample her new lover's throbbing pussy.

Already panting, the woman moaned aloud as Andi's tongue slid over her lips and entered her. Although quite familiar with the taste of her own nectar, Andi found herself dripping as another woman's flavor flowed over her tongue. She reached behind her young lover, grabbed her ass, and pulled herself in, pushing her tongue deeper into the woman's pussy. Bathed in her heat and her nectar, Andi licked her deeply with long full strokes of her eager tongue. Andi felt slender fingers reach down and grab her hair, encouraging her, as her lover moaned with pleasure.

Before long, Andi felt tremors run the length of her lover's long toned legs. She licked furiously and the young woman toppled into pleasure. She screamed aloud as orgasm took her. Her honey burst forward into Andi's mouth before she collapsed to her knees.

Andi held her tightly in her arms as the young woman trembled with pleasure that echoed through her entire body. Eventually, she relaxed, her panting subsided into deep relaxing breaths, and Andi pulled away just far enough to plant a deep kiss on her lover's lips. Andi kissed her hard, invading the woman's mouth with her tongue. She moaned as she tasted her own pussy on Andi's tongue.

Then suddenly, Andi pulled away. She flashed her wicked grin, and pushed her lover down, onto her back. Andi pulled off a forgotten skirt, panties and heels, and found herself eagerly sucking the younger woman's toes. Andi had always melted when her past lovers worshipped her feet and toes, being able to pleasure another woman this way drove her wild.

For the first time, Andi realized that they had a captive audience. The thought of her Captain watching her pleasure another woman, and a strange man watching her pleasure his wife, was almost enough to send Andi over the edge. As she sat on all fours, and sucked her lover's toes, Andi reached behind herself and pulled her own skirt and panties down, putting her slick and dripping pussy on display for the rapt men. Feeling their eyes upon her, she felt herself pulse and then start to flow, her eyes rolled back and she gushed for her audience even as she continued to suck her new lover's toes.

Andi recovered, and suddenly realized how much the young woman was enjoying the attention that was being lavished on her sexy feet. Part of Andi wished that she could go on like this forever; however a stronger part of her demanded more. She started planting kisses along the younger woman's ankles, then her calves. Andi slowly spread her lover's legs wide as she kissed her way up the woman's inner thighs. Her lover eagerly complied, moaning as she spread her legs wide. The young woman lay on her back with her legs in a near split and exposed her greedy pussy to Andi's hungry mouth.

Andi's hands reached up to pull her lover's hood back. The young woman writhed in pleasure as Andi's left her completely exposed. Andi's tongue darted out and the light kisses that she planted on the woman's naked clit made her thrash in rapturous pleasure. Andi drove on relentlessly, and sucked orgasm after orgasm from the woman's pussy, until her lover's honey dripped from Andi's chin. At one point the young woman reached out, and found Andi's hands. Their fingers entwined and Andi could feel the strength of the woman's orgasm through a steely grip that pulsed in time with the pleasure coursing through her body.

Andi could have gone on for days, drawing sustenance from her lover's flowing pussy, but after a particularly intense orgasm, her lover collapsed. Andi was forced to stop as the young woman rolled onto her side and curled herself up into a tight ball. Andi placed her head down on the woman's toned calves, and felt her trembling violently with the aftershocks of her orgasms.

Andi's fingertips danced all over her lover's skin. She traced lines along the woman's long smooth legs, and felt her dripping slick nectar. Andi's lover roused, and rolled onto her back shaking Andi free. Andi sat up and took her lover's leg, bringing the young woman's foot to her mouth yet again as she stretched her own legs out in front of her.

Andi teased her lover's feet with her tongue, loving the way she would giggle and curl her toes in response. Andi had always thought her own feet were one of her best features, and now she secretly hoped that her young lover would notice as Andi wiggled her toes before the woman's face.

But she had her eyes closed, giggling softly and enjoying the feel of Andi's lips on her toes. Andi thought of sliding the sole of her foot across her lover's lips, but before she could, the young woman abruptly pulled her foot out of Andi's mouth and wrapped it around her waist. Andi was confused as her young lover sat up and pulled them both closer, legs entwined. The woman twisted her hips and Andi found her lover's slick thighs riding up onto her own. The two women wrapped their arms around each other and pulled into a tight entangled embrace.

The moment before Andi fully realized what her young lover intended, their lips met. The woman drove her tongue into Andi's mouth with a fierce kiss, and their lips met, she spread her legs wide as she ground her clit into Andi's pussy. The pleasure was sudden and intense. Andi bucked her hips wildly in time with her lover. The young woman locked her eyes with Andi's. Her strong arms grabbed Andi tightly as they rode into one another.

Andi was in bliss. She stared deeply into bright green eyes as she moaned aloud with pleasure. Andi wished that she could spread her legs wider, so that her lover could slam their throbbing clits together. But they were both so slick, so wet and dripping with lust, that she was forced to wrap her legs tightly around the slender woman's body just to hold on.

Andi felt fingernails dig into her back. Before she could cry out in pain, orgasm hit them both. The two women bucked their hips together one final time. Their throbbing clits met. From that single point of intimate contact, a wave of pleasure exploded outward, bathing each woman in pure orgasmic bliss.

This time, it was Andi who needed to recover. When she finally returned to the moment, her legs were still entwined with her lover's, and the young woman was gently licking Andi's toes. Andi's orgasm was instant and persistent. She took her lover's toes into her own mouth and they rubbed their dripping pussies together and worshipped each other's feet while Andi rolled in a constant wave of orgasm.

Andi stared into a pair of beautiful green eyes during countless orgasms. But before long, she found herself staring more and more at her lover's mouth. Her full lips, her quick tongue, her low sensual moans, all fueled Andi's primal lust. She had tasted those lips, and as she rolled in orgasm, Andi wanted nothing more than her lover's lips to taste her.

Andi's need built up inside her, until she had to act. She broke away, letting go of her lover and sliding back across the floor. Andi propped herself up on her elbows and spread her legs wide. Her lover slowly rolled over onto her hands and knees. She briefly looked up at Andi and her nervousness returned. Andi saw her look away, and lower herself to the floor in a position of submission. Andi felt her empowering boldness return. She forced her legs further apart, letting the scent of her sex fill the room and entice her lover. Andi issued a command. She spoke a single word that conveyed all that she wanted from her lover.

Her lover timidly crawled over towards her. Andi saw an internal struggle within her, as if she did not want to obey, but could not help herself. The woman approached, and planted a light kiss on the inside of Andi's ankle. She reluctantly kissed her way up Andi's legs. The nervousness and anxiety that she had displayed earlier had returned. Andi could tell that something was wrong.

But Andi still dripped as her lover's lips worked their way up her thigh. She came so close, then stopped. Andi would have thought it a tease, except for the fear she saw in her lover's eyes. She can't do it, Andi thought, and as if to prove her right, her lover fell back and leaned into Andi's other thigh, gently licking and kissing there instead of where Andi truly needed it.

Once again, Andi was in turmoil. She realized that her lover had reached a limit, and that she could not reciprocate, but everything had been so wonderful thus far. Andi didn't want to ruin things, but her inner animal was drunk on lust and demanded satiation. In the end, Andi's animal lost, she collapsed back and murmured consolations to her terrified lover.

Just as Andi had surrendered, nails dug into her hips. She jolted upward and saw her lover. But, the timid virgin was gone. She looked up from between Andi's legs as a hungry lioness stalking her prey. Andi's lover flashed a familiar wicked grin, and dove in.

Too late, Andi realized that the timidity, the nervousness, the anxiety... had all been a ruse. As her lover's tongue slide inside her, Andi knew that she was well versed in the art of pleasing women. Andi could do nothing but moan and bask in the waves of pleasure that the other woman's lips and tongue brought to her. Andi was so wet and so open that two of her lover's fingers slid easily inside her. The younger woman motioned her fingers inside Andi, hitting all the right spots perfectly.

Andi thrashed, her nails dug into the floor as her entire body tightened. Her lover purred in a superior tone and wrapped her lips around Andi's clit. Andi's orgasm was almost painful. Her entire body locked, muscles tightened. Her vision went black as she was assaulted by wave after wave of pure pleasure.

Andi swam in a pool of sheer bliss for countless moments, until she eventually drifted back to consciousness. She felt the soft thick carpet beneath her, and the amazing woman spooning her from behind. Her lover had draped a thick blanket over her as she slept, and Andi awoke feeling warm, rested, and utterly satisfied.

As much as she wanted to sleep, Andi purred, roused and began to rise, but her lover stopped her. The amazing woman gently held her and whispered into her ear. She explained that the men had left after lavishing high praise on them both. Andi's Captain wanted to reward them both, so he offered them the room, and he would pick up the room service tab. Andi's lover explained that they could spend the rest of weekend behind closed doors with nothing but each other.

It sounded amazing to Andi, but she was still exhausted. Her lover kissed the back of her neck and ordered her back to sleep. She told Andi not to worry because everything would be ready by the time she woke up, refreshed and ready to keep exploring. Andi wasn't sure what she meant, but she felt her pussy begin to throb with a dull sensual ache as she drifted off to sleep once again...