 Lisa’s hand felt warm and confident in Andrea’s as Lisa led her to the back of the apartment. Andrea felt weak, partly from the rousing workout she had had, but mostly from the even more rousing recent realization about Lisa. As Lisa led her through her own bedroom and into the master bathroom, Andrea marveled at the person inside herself that burned with more desire than shame at the knowledge that Lisa watched her. And was turned on by watching her.

Without releasing Andrea’s hand, Lisa leaned over and turned on the water in the deluxe shower. Though Andrea’s bathroom lacked a traditional bathtub, it did boast a shower large enough to fit at least 3 people.

“Now, we need to get these clothes off of you,” Lisa said as she slid her hands up Andrea’s torso and tugged the sport top off over Andrea’s head. As she raised Andrea’s arms into the air, Lisa leaned in and kissed her, trapping her arms over her head. Andrea’s nipples hardened as she felt Lisa’s bare breasts pressed against her. She squirmed closer, pressing herself as close to Lisa’s heat as she could. Andrea wrapped one long leg around Lisa's, angling her crotch closer to Lisa’s, which was still wet and hot from earlier. Lisa finished pulling the top off of Andrea’s arms and flung it aside. Her hands freed, Andrea brought them up Lisa’s back and pulled her as close, still kissing her. Laughing quietly, Lisa pulled away a little and her hands fell to Andrea’s waist, where she still wore the shorts she had put on earlier.

“Almost there,” Lisa cooed as she slid the shorts down Andrea’s shapely legs, lowering herself as she went. She tenderly lifted first one of Andrea’s feet and then the other, removing the shorts. Then she stood up, running her hands up Andrea’s legs as she went.

After going down on Lisa and watching her beautiful body sway as they had walked into the bathroom, Andrea was breathless with need. As Lisa’s hands caressed her ankles, her legs, her thighs and then finally settled on her hips, her skin felt alive and gasping for Lisa. Her skin, her heat, her kisses, her breath.

“I’m sure the water is warm enough now,” Andrea practically panted as she stepped away from Lisa and into the shower. She felt Lisa follow her as she closed her eyes and stood under the hot pulsing jets and took her hair down. She opened her eyes to see Lisa watching her, her eyes visibly traveling from her eyelashes beaded with water, down past her wet breasts, past her tight torso to linger momentarily on her meticulously manicured pussy before eyeing her legs, slick with running water.

“You look like you’ve got quite a hot little pussy yourself,” Lisa said as she stepped forward, referencing a comment Andrea had made in the living room.

“I want to watch you.” Lisa traced Andrea’s neck and shoulders with her fingertips teasingly, standing close.

“What do you mean,” Andrea asked, knowing what she meant almost before she asked. Lisa was so close, and it seemed the water falling between them only made it worse, dancing off her skin and splashing between them.

“I want you to get off for me. I want you to drive yourself to the same delicious orgasm you gave me earlier. And I want you to do it for me right here, right now.”

Andrea was aghast. Being watched dancing unawares was one thing. Touching herself in front of Lisa was quite another. She couldn’t do something like that. She just couldn’t. Even as these thoughts raced through her head, something deep inside responded to the command in Lisa’s voice. Some part of Andrea wanted to be watched and adored. Some part of her needed her moans and sighs to be absorbed and enjoyed by someone else. And that part of her slowly, hesitantly slid her hand down the front of her body and down to her crotch. Lisa came even closer with their bodies finally touching. Her heat drove Andrea mad and as their lips met, Andrea’s hand reached for her clitoris and she stroked it with one finger, slowly and then faster, harder, no longer caring, just craving release. Her fingers were slick as much with her own juices as the water from the shower. Her quiet little moans that were stifled by their kiss became faster and more insistent. Her body began to buck forward and she flung her head back, breaking the kiss, her hoarse voice echoing off the shower walls, her fingers working her clit furiously.

Suddenly Lisa reached for Andrea’s hand and took it away.

“Not yet. I want to see you penetrate yourself. Lean against the wall and thrust yourself towards me.” Lisa said all this while still holding her wrist away from her. A small part of Andrea was mortified, but she didn’t care anymore. All that mattered to her was the look on Lisa’s face and getting off.

Andrea leaned back against the warm shower walls and thrust her hips forward. Lisa released Andrea’s wrist and backed away. Under Lisa’s intent gaze, Andrea reached for her now dripping cunt and slid her index and middle fingers first over and then between her lips. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back, lost in the sensation of penetrating herself. Then, as one, like a well-oiled machine, her hands and pelvis moved against each other as she forced her fingers deeper and deeper into herself. She moaned with abandon now, unable to control herself. Somewhere in the back of her mind, detached, she knew that Lisa was watching and most likely enjoying this as much as she did. No longer embarrassed, it turned Andrea on even more knowing this.

“Oh yes, baby! Finger fuck yourself Andrea! Do it hard! Don’t stop!” Andrea heard Lisa demand, her own voice strident with longing. Flushed, blind with need and her legs shaking, Andrea kept going, now impaling herself with three fingers. She was getting close and knew it. Almost on cue, Lisa spoke.

“Can you come for me Andrea?”

“Yes, please,” Andrea begged, without stopping, barely able to speak between the guttural, nearly animalistic groans escaping her lips. And a moment later, Andrea’s world exploded and she felt Lisa’s hands on hers, pushing the orgasm farther, not letting her stop. She let out one ragged scream/sigh after another as she felt herself fucked by her own fingers in someone else’s control. She was numb and shaking, unsure of up from down and grateful for Lisa’s arm around her. She wrapped her free hand around Lisa’s neck and just held on as their hands slowed. Tenderly, Lisa took Andrea’s hand away, slowly sliding Andrea’s own fingers out of her swollen pussy.

“That was amazing dear,” Lisa said quietly as she took Andrea by the shoulders and kissed her lips gently. Andrea leaned into Lisa and wrapped her weak arms around Lisa’s neck and as Lisa pulled her lips away, laid her head on Lisa’s shoulder. With the water still rushing over and between them, Andrea thanked her lucky stars for her new roommate.

Continued in Part 3