 It was a dumb idea. A friend told me about it and I guess I thought it might be good for a few laughs. And maybe I would meet somebody nice. It was a speed dating service that matched rich guys and hot girls. Silly, I know. Since I hadn't met anyone nice in a while I thought I would try it. I knew that I was going to meet a lot of jerks but I thought there might be a chance of meeting someone nice who could squire me around town and spoil me for a change. My last boyfriend was always broke (a starving artist type) and wound up owing me a lot of money that he still hasn't paid back.

So I called the place. It was located in midtown, not far from where I worked, so went in for an "interview." It was obvious from the stares I received as I walked through the door that I was going to have no problem. I'm 5'9', 120 pounds, with long shoulder-length brown hair. I'm in terrific shape. To put myself through law school I was a personal trainer, which allowed me to meet a lot of interesting people, some of whom became friends and one my lover. But I was now 29 and alone in the city and lonely, which most people couldn't understand. So I thought I would try something a little different. Boy, was I naïve!

The event was held in a very swank hotel downtown. The women were very beautiful, but some of them seemed desperate. They wanted to meet a man who would spoil them. A lot of the men were my height or shorter, which was a big turn-off. Wearing the highest heels in my closet was probably a mistake. And I had spent most of the day at the beauty salon, so I was feeling a little out of it. I wanted to go home the minute I got there, but I knew that I needed to just do this thing, just go through the motions and then I could say that I gave it a try at least. And I was wearing a very expensive cocktail dress. I couldn't let it go to waste. I guess I was still optimistic enough to think that I might meet someone nice, but as the evening wore on it was obvious that this wasn't the case. Even the nice ones were pretty lame, even the good-looking ones. They liked to talk about themselves and rarely asked me any questions other that the obvious ones. They seemed put off when I told them that I was a lawyer.

As I went around the room, I noticed this beautiful woman staring at me. She had big brown eyes and a gorgeous smile. I stared back and she turned away. Later in the evening we sat at adjoining tables and watched as she put this really obnoxious guy in his place. I laughed and smiled at her, she smiled back. I wanted to introduce myself, but then we had to switch tables and I lost track of her. At the end of the night I was exhausted. My purse was full of business cards that I was going to put in my recycling bin in my apartment. The service handling the event thanked me and asked me to fill out a questionnaire, but I was too exhausted to fill it out and left. And that's how I met her. She was already outside trying to hail a cab. I looked over at her and smiled and she smiled back. She stepped back and turned away from the street and approached me. She was tall, maybe an inch taller than me, with long black hair and a gorgeous tan. Her heels were even higher than mine and she was wearing a raincoat over her little black dress, which was smart, since it was a little chilly out. I was freezing. She offered me her hand. "Angela," she said.

"Alex."

She smiled. "I wanted to meet you in there, but you disappeared on me."

"I know."

"Did you fill out that silly questionnaire?"

"No, did you?"

"Nope, what's the point?"

"A bunch of jerks."

"I know."

We stood in front of the hotel for a moment looking at each other and then I turned away. I think I was blushing. "It's still early," she said. "Want to get a drink?"

"Sure."

"I know a good place, it's only a few blocks. Do you mind walking?"

"In these heels?

She laughed. "Tell me about it."

We took a short cab ride across town to a bar near her apartment, which was only a few blocks away from mine. Inside, we took a booth in a corner and ordered drinks. Angela got up to use the bathroom and on her way back a couple of guys at the bar stopped her. She talked with them for only a few seconds and then returned to our table. 

"What did they want?" I asked.

"To buy us drinks, I said no thanks."

"They seemed really persistent. They're staring at us right now."

"They won't bother us again. I told them that we were on a date."

I blushed. "You did?"

"No." 

She looked over at the bar. One of the guys waved.

"What did you say?"

"That we were lovers."

"Angela!"

She smiled mischievously.

"I'm kidding."

I blushed again and she tapped me on the knee. "Sorry," she said. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

I took another sip from my drink and looked over at the guys. "They're nicer than the guys at the hotel," I said.

"I guess."

"Did you get any phone numbers."

"A handful. I tried to let them down easy. And you?"

"A bunch. I was too nice."

"Nothing wrong with being nice. Are you going to call any of them?"

"I doubt it."

"I already threw mine away."

"So how old are you anyway, twenty-seven?

"Twenty-nine."

"I'm thirty."

We got another drink and Angela let me vent about my relationships. She was a good listener. "So I guess the night was a waste of time?" She asked. 

"Well, it wasn't a total waste. I met you."

She smiled. "And I met you."

She squeezed my arm. It felt like there was a weird energy between us, as if we'd been friends for years. I liked her. We clicked glasses and told each other about ourselves. She worked in a gallery nearby, having come to the city a couple of years ago hoping to make it as an actress. She said that she'd heard about the speed dating thing from an actress friend, but couldn't believe that her friend thought that it might be something she would enjoy. I told her about myself. She couldn't believe that someone as nice as me could be a lawyer and I assured her that I was a lot tougher than I looked. We ordered another round of drinks and talked some more. I felt so comfortable around her and was sorry when it came time for us to go. I walked her back to her building, she claimed that she had an early appointment, which was fine, since I had promised myself that I would get up early to go to the gym. We exchanged numbers and hugged goodbye. She kissed me on the cheek, which I didn't expect. She sensed my surprise and stepped back. "Alex," she said. "I have a confession to make.

"What's that.?"

"I didn't go to that speed dating thing to meet guys."

"Oh." My heart was pounding as I looked at her. She seemed nervous as well. I smiled and she took my hand. 

"I went to meet women. I'm a lesbian."

I blushed and gripped her hand. "I see."

"In a roundabout way, of course. I thought I might meet someone. I just wanted to be totally honest with you."

I swallowed hard and stared at her. Her beautiful brown eyes got bigger. 

"I'm glad."

"Does that make you uncomfortable?"

"I don't know." 

We stood there for a moment longer and for a second I thought we might kiss, but then she let go of my hand. "I'm sorry," she said. "Am I out of line?"

"No." 

She took my hand again and pulled me toward her. She looked around to see if anyone was on the street watching us and then kissed me full on the lips. I kissed her back and then she opened her mouth wide and our tongues met for just a moment. Then she stepped back and smiled. I was dizzy. Her voice got softer, more affectionate. 

"Was that okay."

I gripped her hand. "Yes."

She let go and turned to her door. "Call me," she said.

"I will."

"You'd better."

The door closed behind her and as she walked through the lobby she turned back and waved. I waved back and then leaned on the doorway and took a deep breath.

Later, in bed, I marveled at the confidence of this girl. My feelings scared me. I felt drawn to her in a way that I've never experienced with anyone, male of female, especially female. I did want to see her again, but I was nervous. Was I a lesbian too? Her kiss felt wonderful. The thought of us in bed together made me so hot and my pussy so wet that I was able to give myself an orgasm just my rubbing my clit for a only a few seconds. 

The following week was a blur. We spoke on the phone a few times and tried to make a date but we were both so busy. Then on a chance encounter, I ran into her outside my gym. She was walking with a stunning blonde woman who I recognized from a soap opera. They'd been to a gallery opening nearby. Angela introduced us and we shook hands. She smiled and then looked over at Angela and they seemed to have a moment. Then she left, leaving Angela and I alone on the street. It felt awkward, but then Angela gave me a hug and I was under her spell once again. She looked so hot, wearing a short brown skirt and matching thigh-high stockings, with a white sweater and brown leather jacket. 

"Do you want to go get a drink or something?" I asked.

Angela looked at her watch. "Sure," she said.

Inside the bar, a much less fancy place, we were able to sit in the back without anyone bothering us. I was still a little blown away by her friend.

"How do you know her?" I asked.

"An old friend," she said. "We took classes together back when I thought I was going to be an actress."

"Oh."

"It's over now," she said. "But we're still friends."

"So you were in a relationship?"

"A couple of years. It's a secret though, so shhh." She put her finger on my lips. I laughed. 

"I'm a little freaked out," I said.

"About what."

"She's so gorgeous."

"So are you."

I blushed and took her hand. "Thanks."

"It's been a while, almost a year. So don't think that you're the rebound girl."

"I didn't know that we were even going to have a relationship."

"Do you want one?"

"Yes."

"You haven't been with a woman before."

"No."

"That make me nervous."

"I know."

She looked over at the empty bar and waited until the bartender turned away from us and kissed me.

"I couldn't wait to do that again."

"When are we going to see each other?"

"Saturday night?"

"I don't know if I can wait that long."

"I have a couple of hours. Is your apartment close?"

"Right around the block."

We kissed again. "Let's go."

"Sure."

We slowly walked out of the bar and on to the street. I was so nervous that I could barely get the key in the main door of my building. Once inside, we kicked off our shoes, held hands and I proceeded to give her a grand tour of my one bedroom/small living room/tiny kitchen apartment. She complimented me on my decoration of the place. Then I poured us some white wine and we sat on the couch and talked. I guess my nervousness began to show when I began to talk endlessly about work. She took my hand and locked her fingers with mine. "Feels nice," I said.

"Yes."

"I haven't done this before."

"What?"

"You know."

"I know."

She leaned in and kissed me.

"We'll go slow."

"Okay."

She put her hands through my hair and then drew me closer. We kissed again and then she opened her mouth wide and glided her tongue across my teeth. I met her tongue with mine and fell back on the couch. 

"Still nervous?" She asked.

"Yes," I whispered.

"We don't have to do everything. There's no rush. I turned off my phone."

"I thought you had to get back to the gallery?"

"Don't worry about the gallery."

She unbuttoned my blouse and then pulled it off. I pulled off her sweater and we embraced. She pinched my rock hard nipples and then kissed and sucked them through the material of my bra. I moaned. "They're beautiful," she said.

I unhooked my bra and threw it on the floor. Angela did the same. Then she unzipped my skirt and pulled it off.

"Wouldn't want to rip this nice business skirt," She said.

"No."

She stood up and I unbuttoned her skirt and she kicked it off. We were both in our stockings now, which felt exciting. She pulled me up and we began making out again, only this time it was more passionate.. She grabbed my butt cheeks and pulled me closer, our tongues deep inside each other's mouths. Angela lifted one leg and put it around me as I held her up. "You have such a beautiful body," she whispered, squeezing me.

"So do you," I said.

"I can't wait to kiss every inch of you."

I kissed and licked her neck and she put her hands in my hair and pulled me up to meet her mouth. We fell on the couch again and I moved on top of her. Her skin was so soft and felt so good rubbing against mine. I felt so strong with her, like I could carry her into my bedroom and throw her down and ravish her. Our breasts pressed together and the feeling was so incredible. She moved her head down and began to suck on my breasts, tonguing and nibbling on my nipples and then taking them into her mouth putting her hand between my legs. I thought I was going to cum right then. I was close. I moaned.

"You like?" She whispered.

"Yes, yes."

"Let's go to the bedroom."

I got off the couch and pulled her up and marveled at how light and flexible she was. She seemed built for sex and whatever reservations I'd had about being with a woman had disappeared. I wanted her so badly now. I led her into the bedroom and we fell on the bed. She put her hand down my pantyhose and pulled them off and then took my foot and held it up, kissing it and then sucking my toes. "I have a thing for feet," she said. "Do you mind."

"No," I said. "but I want to kiss you."

She smiled and let go of my foot. Then she sat on the side of the bed and rolled down her stockings and threw them on the floor. I grabbed for her and she got on top of me grinding her pussy into mine, pinning my arms down with her hands lowering herself so her lips met mine. We kissed again and again, then she let go of my hands and we rolled around the bed, exploring and caressing each other becoming even more passionate as we kissed and licked every part of each other's bodies. I was insatiable. I felt so close to cumming just from touching her. She got on top of me once more and glided her tongue down my chest and stomach, finally kissing my pussy, which was so wet and hot and ready for her. "Can I lick your pussy," she whispered.

"Please," I whispered back.

She smiled and gently kissed it again. I bucked and moaned under her. She spread my legs wide and kissed and licked it, flattening her tongue and licking and kissing and nibbling on my clit. I couldn't stand it. My legs shook and I wrapped my legs around her. She put one and then two fingers inside me, fucking me with them as I got closer and closer as she licked and sucked as I bucked and twisted. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," I whispered. She continued to lick and as I came, an orgasm so intense, I thought I was going to pass out. I could the tears begin to flow. Angela came into my arms and kissed me and we held each other. "How are you doing, babe?" she said. I could barely speak. I just wanted to kiss her and look into her big brown eyes. 

"Amazing," I said.

We kissed some more and then drifted off into sleep, waking up a few hours later even more around than before. I was still in a daze. I had never imagined that something like this could take place. We began having sex again, laying side by side, kissing and sucking and fingering each other's pussies until we came. It seemed so natural now. We slept again and then finally I went down on her, doing everything she'd done to me and even more, fucking her pussy with my tongue and licking and kissing and nibbling on her clit and watching as she came, her eyes rolling back as she bucked under me, cradling my head with her hands as I made this beautiful woman cum with my mouth. We were lovers.