 "Nathan, I'm home. And glad that particular shift's over," Angela called, the boutique shop's bag behind her back."Nathan? Are you here?"

"Just going over our bank statements," came the youthful male voice from the spare room. In the bathroom, she unzipped her back and hoisted the hem of her hotel uniform up and over her head. Dropping it in the laundry basket, she added his clothes strewn around it as usual. She'd put on a wash tomorrow. Pulling the long pin from her bun, she shook out her shoulder blade long tawny hair and grabbed the brush.

Like a kid with his pocket money, Nathan was forever online counting their money. He took the credit for the whole idea to everyone who'd listen. Get jobs on some tourist island, share expenses, and learn to live with one another before marrying. 

Well, Hamilton Island in the Whitsundays was such a different place to where they'd grown up in Sydney's inner suburbs. They had both got casual jobs there a year ago. Hers was at the front desk of the resort's main reception where her intelligence, nice personality and good looks saw her quickly earn promotions. She had also gone on to find rostered night work at one of the island's private restaurants two or three nights a week. He was employed cleaning rooms and making beds. That brought an ironical smile to her face every time she came home like this to him at home with the place dirty and their bed unmade. 

Taking off her makeup, she checked her eyes. Their staff accommodation was pretty basic but enough. At least the double bed was comfortable. After a year now at the resort, that was important. She was often exhausted at the end of her long working days and needed her sleep. 

Angela was beginning to grow tired of some aspects of their life in paradise. Nathan hadn't matured much at all. Their shift hours often meant long periods apart. And then there was the scrimping every week after he transferred most of their combined casual income less rent into their long term bank account. This was meant to be the deposit for a unit back in Sydney.

But it meant they lived off her wages and tips from her second job. He seemed unwilling or unable to get one himself. At least today he was out of bed. And speaking of bed, for a host of reasons their physical life had dwindled away nothing and she had stopped caring about that. But at least each month, there was that bank statement duly showing they were on track in at least one area of their so called idyllic life together.

Today she had cut loose. How could she break the news to him? They'd got a big lot of tips at a function at the restaurant last night. So she had half of them on the garments she was guiltily sliding from the bag she'd sneaked in. Bra and pants off and she had put hers on again, quietly admiring the way it enhanced her young figure. This should rev their life together up. Especially today. 

"Come to the beach for an hour Nathan," she invited him, putting her head around the spare room door and playfully tossing his colourful new board shorts towards the PC. "Happy five years together. It's the third of November, and we met today at my fifteenth birthday party, remember."

She looked at his crestfallen face. "You'd forgotten?" she queried as It sat limply there on his head. No matter, she would be in a good mood if he made it up to her by tonight. She started laughing as he peeled it off his head and held it out for an examination. 

"We got tonnes of tips last week to share around, so I lashed out on a new costume for us both," she explained." Mine is a bikini that's guaranteed to get rid of most white strap marks before our wedding day."

"Show me," he said, turning to face her. She unwound the concealing towel from under her armpits and dropped it, taking her time to turn her slender figure in a circle. She could hardly wait for his reaction to the G-string bottom.

"As staff, you know you can't wear that on any of the public beaches," he lectured. "And how much did these set us back?" Neither was the type of feedback she particularly wanted to hear.

"I'm the one working 2 jobs Nathan," she tersely reminded him. "One week buying something nice for us won't matter a jot in the long run. And thanks for the happy birthday by the way! Well, you can stay here and count our pennies. I'm off to the beach for an hour. By myself! And no, not the public one, Captain Obvious!"

Snatching her beach towel up off the floor, a boiling Angela wrapped it back about her slender body. Throwing random items into her accessories bag in her fury, she slid angrily into sandals and stomped out, slamming the front door behind her. 

She was only forty metres away when she recognised Brie half-running towards her, haphazardly waving a Hotel message pad.

Regaining her composure, she stopped and waited for her relief at front desk to reach her. Brie was older, but while quick to pick up most basic things, she was still new and unfamiliar with the more unusual aspects that came with their job.

"Room 4201 has rung advising that a girl they booked this morning didn't show up," a breathless Brie gasped. "I knew of course what they meant, and the porters confirmed they had definitely booked a callgirl for three. The guest is asking for a replacement asap and has asked whether these girls would be likely to object to kissing?"

Angela took the pink slip from the girl's hand.

The penthouse executive types were often quite demanding, yet at times so naive in their ivory tower, she thought to herself. True, the hotel had ways of getting trusted callgirls for guests at pre-arranged times. The basis was cash between the girl and guest. But it wasn't official hotel business, so if a girl didn't show, it wasn't the resort's fault. As far as them finding another girl at such short notice? This no doubt middle-aged fellow with his degrees had obviously never torn his gaze from his desk and walked out onto his panoramic balcony. If he had, he would have got a reminder this was an island, not some bustling metropolis 

"You should get back to your desk Brie," Angela assured her, shaking her head as she re-read the note. "Tsk, tsk. Asking for a callgirl who kisses? Might as well be ordering vegetarian bacon. Look Brie, we tend to talk to these types of clients to soothe them rather than just ringing. Especially for personal matters like this. I'll wander up to our corporate genius's suite, explain to him quickly in private why we can't possibly do this, and be on my merry way."

"In what you're wearing?" Brie stammered. 

"I'll explain that I came off duty especially to attend to this. That will make them feel special," Angela reassured her. 

"No, I meant you're off duty and obviously off to relax somewhere," Brie insisted. "Now that you've explained and I know we can't do this, I can handle it."

"True. But you and one other staff member have got that Japanese party arriving at the airport about now who'll all need to be checked in quickly," Angela reminded her. "I'll do it this once. But sure, you now know how to handle this if it ever crops up again."

Brie nodded as she turned and let noisy heels carry her back towards the main building. Angela rehearsed what she was going to diplomatically say as she followed at a more leisurely pace. Going as far as the upper floor lifts, she swiped her staff ID code and pressed 42.

Outside the penthouse door, Angela looked forward to being in a secluded cove sunbathing in fifteen minutes flat as she waited for her knock to be answered. 

It was a major surprise when the door opened to reveal an astonishingly beautiful young brunette in her late 20s or early 30s standing there in a hotel robe smiling at her. 

"Hi, I'm Tina. Please. Come on in," was the friendly greeting. She allowed the impulsive outstretched hand to take hers. As she followed Tina through the large guest reception, she was struck dumb as she looked around at the lavish furnishings done in the Phoenician ambience that she'd heard so much. This was the first time she'd been past the door of this suite. 

"You like my father's living quarters then?" the young American woman softly drawled as they came to a stop. "He's off for a month in Switzerland leaving me behind to enjoy a holiday all by myself. Care for a wine?" 

"Yes thanks. Like it? I love it," Angela gushed as she took a sip, turning to from one amazing part of the apartment to another as she spun slowly around. "This is my first time ever inside this one."

"Let me give you a tour then," Tina offered. "I don't get visitors myself. And excuse me if I seem a bit chatty. I'm really nervous," she heard as she allowed her hand to be taken again through what had to be the final door. "I'm not at all experienced at the side of things I tried to organise through the hotel. What you're probably after is on the table there? Can we start with something reasonably slow and tame?" 

Angela looked at the table. There were two things on it. One was a stack of American $100 bills at least 5 high. But her sudden confusion deepened when the lovely face whirled around and tried to kiss her nervously and briefly on the lips. 

Angela froze, stiff and unresponsive, in total shock and surprise. 

"Oh sorry," Tina stammered, pulling back. "Someone said you guys don't kiss, but I was feeling that little bit extra lonely today and kinda hopin .... ." Tears were welling her eyes as she turned away from Angela in guilt and embarrassment. "Maybe you should just grab the cash and go? I've made a hash of this already."

An aghast Angela turned to leave when her gaze caught the other thing else on the table. Beside the crisp pile of notes was a torn envelope on which stood a colourful card with big print. Today was this woman's birthday. Suddenly she realised Tina had found she needed to buy the company and intimacy she wanted to share on it.

She slowly turned back, and using one hand guided Tina to face her. Using her thumbs to gently wipe two trickles from the soft cheeks, she induced a teary smile from the hazel eyes then eased herself slowly towards the lovely face opposite. The kiss she unselfishly instigated was empathetic, kind and soft and she began to feel so wonderful herself the longer it went on. She couldn't begrudge or discourage the growing enjoyment she could sense flowing from the tender face against her own. Opening her eyes briefly, she saw Tina was almost serene now with eyes closed. As she shut her own again, Angela progressively opened her mouth following the young woman doing likewise.

Absorbed in what had quickly become a gloriously sensual moment, Angela decided to not to resist the shy tongue hovering just inside her mouth. She loved the feeling as she welcomed it in with her own. Lightly wrapping one another's arms about the other, their kisses became shorter and less urgent. When both eventually inched back for a quick breath, she let Tina's hand lift her arm and felt busy fingers undo her beach towel.

"God, you've got a superb figure," she heard Tina's appreciative compliment, looking at the appreciative hazel eyes as she felt the towel gather about her ankles. "And that's one amazing bikini! I'm afraid to touch it. You'd better take it off yourself."

'Take it off? Was this getting out of hand?' came to Angela's mind as she saw the beautiful young woman opposite lower her gaze and quietly undo her robe sash. The thought seemed a little late she thought as she realised she already had her tiny bra in her hand, watching Tina's long fingers lovingly caressing the tip of her erect nipple. 

Tina followed Angela's gaze down her own slender body. As though a little embarrassed at the attention, the young woman withdrew her loving fingertips and closed the gap quickly, wrapping her robe about Angela, bringing the two slender bodies together in a gesture of warmth and intimacy. But not before Angela's hand dropped the bra for a grip on the shapely oncoming breast. Kissing Tina with a little urgency now, she started squeezing into her handful in time with the changes of pressure on Tina's lips. Then giving the woman's growing nipple a little room, she let it brush and tickle the skin on the inside of her imprisoning palm. 

When Tina's teeth playfully began nibbling at her neck just after, Angela's hesitation about these new sensations melted away. She knew she wanted Tina to take the initiative and take her to bed for more of this excruciating pleasure. Behind her closed eyes, she felt the robe unwrap from about her and sensed it landing on the plush carpet. Dropping both hands to her sides, she stood submissively trembling more and more as the glorious neck kissing continued, dozens of tiny delicious goose-bumps rising on the insides of her slender thighs. 

Then suddenly she was being propped against a wall, her G string being guided past her thighs.

In her darkness, she started when soft lips teased out her soft curls. Stepping out of her bottoms, she lifted her head to the heavens as she felt her defiant breast tip totally disappearing into a hungry mouth. She sought blindly for a hand and taking great pains to isolate the longest slim finger, fed it slowly into her small opening and into the slickness beyond. Three quarters in, she started quietly pumping it in and out, letting her small fist rub the top of the intimate slit as part of the total movement. God she was close! Taking the sopping fingertip out, she pressed it against her clitoris and began to circle while she concentrated on the amazing feelings coming from the sensitive tip of her breast being tenderly suckled.

She came screaming, her unsteady shaking thighs trying to gracefully lower her still tingling hips to the floor down the wall. Tina detached and knelt before the breathless Angela, taking both her hands at the end of her slow, limp descent. 

"Wow, I've never done that to a girl before!" she heard Tina's quiet voice as Angela lay propped trying to regather her senses. 

Gratefully she smiled into the other beautiful face then pulled it to hers and took soft kisses from the naked girl now laying her out flat. Opening her long legs, Angela welcomed the slender body lightly stretching its length out on top of hers.

Suddenly, she felt guilty. She could sense the girl was still excited but Nathan was probably waiting in their flat. A glance at the wall showed her hour at the beach was nearly up. 

With a soft kiss, she eased Tina off gently. On shaky legs, she gathered her towel and found both tiny bits of bright cloth. She couldn't ignore the pleading eyes though, and leaned in to give the astonishingly lovely face a last kiss lips before her goodbye. She broke, then decided on one more.

As she reluctantly wrapped herself snugly in her towel, her thoughts were everywhere. It was dark now. There hadn't been one inch of Tina's body she hadn't kissed or licked in the hours since saying that last farewell. And once her completely inexperienced tongue had intimately tasted the young woman, she had enjoyed it so much she had settled in for more. More meant keeping a firm grip on Tina's slim hips while she induced one shuddering climax after another from Tina's crutch atop her large bed.

Ignoring the money, she did accept Tina's offer of a shower. Waiting for the hot water to start, she peeped round the bathroom door. Just as she thought, Tina didn't suspect a thing, trying to clumsily stuff the cash into Angela's accessory bag. Some of her things started spilling out as Angela smiled and slid into the warm shower. She vowed to hide it before she left. 

She had finished doing just that when Tina walked in finishing up on the phone from the next room. But the young woman was not just standing there. She was holding up the staff ID card that had obviously toppled from Angela's bag before. Sleeping with a guest was not forbidden but was heavily frowned upon. And Tina had just got off the phone, possibly reporting her to someone in hotel management and describing what had just happened.

"Why?" she heard the lovely young woman waving her ID stammer. "Why?"

"It somehow became the nicest birthday present I could ever give anyone," was all Angela could stammer, her hand indicating the lonely birthday card. "But suddenly it got to mean a lot more to me than that."

"I wondered if you were just so unselfish you'd do something like that," an amazed Tina responded. "I've never had a girl give herself to me the way you just did. And by an incredible coincidence, it's your birthday too I noticed," Tina said pointing to the details typed beside her photo. 

"I've only just realised that I had someone special around for mine too," Angela murmured. "It looks like we both got something special today quite unexpectedly."

"Yep, today's over." Tina shrugged. But I just rang front desk and used a little guile with someone called Brie. I managed to book us a girl for a bit of fun and recreation together around midday tomorrow."

"You what?" a deflated Angela asked. She'd found herself getting emotionally attached to Tina, and wanted to see a whole lot more of her. But not like this.

"You heard me. I bribed Brie to do your shift tomorrow on her day off," Tina drawled with a mischievous look. "Plus through her, I booked a picnic for two on Whitehaven beach, by helicopter. As soon as the pilot's heading back, we can have as many hours alone there as we want, swimming, eating, getting to know one another better and after a champagne or two, make love naked under the blue sky. Are you free?"

Angela smiled as she nodded over her shoulder on her way to the door.

In bed in the dark, she wondered how well Nathan had taken her earlier message that she'd borrowed some clothes from a friend and was staying out late celebrating her twentieth. He'd cope with that knowing she always told the truth. She rolled over and closed the gap between her and the sleeping body. Tina was right. Her lingerie was just her size, and her bed so much more comfortable than the ones in staff quarters. It was too good a package to pass up for tonight.

She'd wait to front Nathan after transferring her wages, tomorrow afternoon. After all, she owed it to him to tell him soon she was moving out.