 The Angie series is more of a light-weight bit of fun, don't expect any deep drama, it's not there. Any comment is more than welcome.

*****

Angie dropped Trish at Alicante airport, their goodbyes were a little tearful but not overly sad, it was more like good friends saying goodbye, yes they had been lovers for a week and a bit but both seemed content to accept that it was a holiday fling and not try and make any more of it.

Neither of them had previously been with a girl before, neither had gone looking for a girl on girl relationship, it just sort of happened. Trish was a pretty happy go lucky sort of girl, she took what life had to offer as it came along, no deep thoughts, no big deal, just go with the flow.

Angie would have said that she was the same, now, however, she was feeling a bit confused, she wasn't feeling at all down, actually she felt remarkably happy even though Trish was gone. No, it was that now she had to consider her sexuality. She'd always loved a good fuck with the right guy but Trish had definitely brought a new aspect to her love life and that needed some thought.

Had it just been that one-off magic spark between two people that neither could resist, regardless of gender, or did it mean that from now on she would be looking just as much at the girls as the guys. Maybe it even went deeper than that but she thought to herself, she didn't really want to think about that, she kinda felt okay with bisexual but outright gay? It made her feel a bit uncomfortable.

This evening, I was run off of my feet, the influx of the next batch of holidaymakers had arrived. One of the bar-staff had gone sick, another was on holiday and owner Mike was away for a darts match, so we were a bit short staffed not that I minded at all but it was somewhat tiring.

The emergency stand-in was a nice and attractive girl, willing but not a lot of use, she couldn't pull a beer without gallons of froth, so I put her on collecting glasses and washing up. Even then, I had to tell her that it was fine being sociable with the punters but she shouldn't spend too much time chatting with one guy or another, she was paid to work after all!

By ten thirty, I was beginning to feel just a bit frazzled, I hadn't had a break or a smoke since before five when the restaurant had opened. Then, thank God for that, in came Mike back from his darts, he looked really happy, so I guessed the team had won. Normally, he would have stayed at the match venue to play 'killer' or whatever and not bother coming back in that evening but tonight, knowing that we were short staffed, here he was,

He's good at his job and recognised straight away that I needed a break, he also asked, "New girl not a lot of cop then?"

"Can't pull a pint to save her life, she seems to be good with cocktails though and she's selling them, so I wouldn't knock her just yet."

I went outside, time for a well-needed drink and a fag, it felt good to put my feet up. A super sexy voice broke into my weary thoughts, "Do you mind if we sit here?" It wasn't just the voice, when I looked up, wow! He was gorgeous, I mean like a film star, I forgot my manners and stared. He took it the wrong way, muttered an apology and went to turn away.

I jolted back to reality, "No, no you're okay, I'm sorry but I was miles away, been working for hours you see."

Then I noticed the girl with him, she was just as gorgeous as he was, what a handsome couple was my immediate thought but I moved my chair around a little to give them plenty of room.

They told me they'd just arrived, they'd noticed the bar looked lively and the singer had sounded good. They both wanted a drink, so they dumped their suitcases and came straight over. He said his name was Peter and the girl was Sophie. 

"It's nice to meet you, my name's Angie, I'm the bar manager, I hope we'll be seeing plenty of you both, anything you need to know, just come and find me."

We chatted for a bit, Peter was quite witty and very good at leading the conversation. Sophie was a bit less forward but only a little, she had a lovely laugh. They seemed a charming couple and very well suited to each other. Yet I kind of got a vibe that Peter was paying me a tad too much attention, what with his girlfriend sat next to him. I'd noticed that neither wore any rings, so I doubted that they were married.

I stubbed my cigarette out, finished my drink and went to rise from my chair. "It was nice to get to know you, Angie, I'm sure we'll see a lot more of you." Her hand came and rested on mine, her eyes were sparkling, the smile, oh wow. Her hand seemed to linger a little longer than might have been normal, did she just squeeze my own hand? Surely not. Then her fingers sort of slid off mine, more like a quick caress than simply taking your hand away.

Peter stood, just like a gentleman should, "See you later, Angie." And I went back to work.

The singer was into his final set, he was good but then, he was costing us a bomb, it was the first time he'd appeared here, I guessed it wouldn't be the last either.

Peter inched between bodies until he got to the bar, "Hi, Peter, what can I get you." I asked.

"I've just been told that your Sangria is the best around here, I think I'd like to give it a try, we'll have the large jug, if we may please."

Now, our Sangria is made with a recipe that I brought with me when Mike took me on, he only changed it very slightly. Was it good? I can say quite honestly, that it was by far the best in town, not just made with red wine, lemonade and a bit of fruit thrown in but a whole host of ingredients, all in small doses but it tasted delicious and it kicked a punch. Okay, it was a bit more expensive than most but it was well worth it.

"The large jug, you sure? If it's just for the two of you, can I suggest you try a medium first, it is quite powerful."

"That's okay, I've already been warned but hey, we're on holiday, so who cares? No. we'll have the larger one."

I gave him a smile, I liked this guy, "You've been warned." I said with a laugh in my voice.

He picked up the jug and two glasses, "Anyway, you look strong enough to carry me home if I need it." There was a huge grin on his face.

Before I could stop myself, it slipped out, "I'll carry you home anytime, handsome." I managed to add a big laugh to make it sound like a joke but I think I meant it.

I saw Sophie weaving her way through the throng on her way back up from the loo. Her face was a bit flushed, well I did warn them. She saw me look and she waved to me before changing direction and coming over to the bar.

"You okay, Sophie?" I asked her.

"Me, I'm wonderful," she replied, "your Sangria is all that it's cracked up to be, I love it, you know we've had two jugs between us." For the second time this evening, her hand came and rested on mine, "And are you going to offer to carry me home as well as Pete? I might like that," she giggled, squeezed my hand again, then off she went.

What is it with these two? I'm sure they're both chatting me up. Very strange but quite exciting, I thought. This could get interesting.

The last few stragglers were leaving and I was collecting the remaining glasses when a hand tapped me on the shoulder, it was Sophie, "It's been a lovely evening, Angie, we'll see you again tomorrow I expect," she leaned forward and kissed my cheek, then she whispered, "I think I can manage to get home unaided, shame really." She was giggling again.

Over her shoulder I saw Peter approaching, he was smiling broadly. How very odd, I would have thought he should be looking anything but happy, what with Sophie's obvious flirting with me. But he simply took my hand for a second and said, "Good-night and thank you, Angie."

When I got home, I switched the tele on to catch up on the news while I had a coffee. My mind, however, kept drifting back to my current favourite couple. I pondered on their strange behaviour but even more, I wondered at my feelings, I realised that I was attracted to both of them, they were both fun, great company and both were utterly gorgeous. He was so ridiculously handsome and she was more than beautiful. So I decided, it looks like I am bi now.

By eleven in the morning the pool was already getting busy, toasted sarnies, coffees, beers and even ice creams, were doing a roaring trade.

Peter and Sophie came in, Peter looking somewhat bleary-eyed but not Sophie, "Morning, Angie, got anything good for a headache, like some paracetamol or something," asked Peter.

I handed him a packet, "All part of the service, we like to keep the customers happy," I grinned, "would you like coffees or soft drinks?"

Sophie answered, "we'll have coffee please, oh, and one glass of water for Pete, he can't handle it as well as me," her eyes always seemed to sparkle, "later you can perhaps tell me what else comes with the service."

Shit! There she goes again, I was glad Peter had already walked away, "Go and sit, I'll bring them to you in a minute." I told her, a little flustered.

"You're blushing, Angie, I like that, it suits you, makes you even prettier than you already are." For just a second, her eyes held mine, then she followed Peter outside to the pool.

I really couldn't get my head around these two, perhaps they're after a threesome, not my scene I don't think but then, I'd never considered it before.

Half an hour later, she came back in, "Hi, Angie, the paracetamol did the trick, he's ready for a beer now, just a small one though for starters. I think I'd like one of your cocktails, whatever you recommend, as long as there's no whiskey in it, surprise me with something nice."

I got the cocktail list out and held it open, she leaned over the bar to get a closer look, I didn't know whether to look at the list or the cleavage that was now clearly on display.

"What do you like, Angie?" She'd caught where my eyes were focussed and it wasn't the list, her hand closed over mine, "I think I know," she paused, longer than necessary, then laughingly continued, "something with Galliano maybe?"

"Th...that's a good choice," I stammered, "not too strong for this time of the day, leave it with me, be with you in two shakes."

"Ooh, that'd be nice." She giggled again as she seemed to wiggle her tits and off she went.

Fuck! She was hot and she was getting me hot, under the collar, as they say, then I thought, no, not collar, more like panties.

When I took their drinks out Sophie was alone, I saw Peter in the pool, streaking through the water, God, he was good. Sophie was now sat wearing just her bikini, oh wow, stop staring I had to tell myself, it was difficult though, she had without question, the sexiest figure I had ever clapped eyes on.

"Your husband's a good swimmer," I said to cover my confusion.

"My husband? Oh, you mean Pete, he's my brother, Angie, not my husband. Oh, now I see what's been making you nervous with our teasing, stupid of me, I never thought, well I'm glad we've got that sorted, you can loosen up now if you want to that is." 

Her smile melted me, I was all of a dither, pull yourself together, Angie, I told myself.

"Now you're blushing again, you don't strike me as the shy type, Angie but if you're not happy with the way we play, then you only have to say."

"No it's okay, you're good, it's kind of fun and I don't mind, I'm used to it working here but it did have me worried when I thought you two were an item if you know what I mean."

"Well, I'm sorry that I didn't think anyway, I suppose it was because he and I don't normally holiday together, so it never occurred to me."

Back at the bar, I thought on what she had said, so I was right, they were both flirting with me. The question now was, which one did I prefer to respond to? Either one, I decided, there was nothing to choose between them, let's just see which way the wind blows was my conclusion.

The stockroom was downstairs, opposite the loos, I was going down to fetch a case of wine, halfway down Sophie came around the corner, heading up. I thought she would wait for me to get down but instead, she kept on coming. There wasn't much room to pass on the stairs, so I stopped and waited for her to squeeze by. 

She stopped in front of me and turned to face me, I could feel her breasts just pressing on mine, I immediately felt the tingle, "I just wanted to say how brilliant that cocktail was, perhaps I could have another when you're free, Angie." Then her lips brushed ever so lightly against mine and her breasts pressed a bit more, "Thank you." With that, she turned and carried on up. It was as she turned away that I saw her nipples pushing at the front of her bikini top, they hadn't been obvious earlier, meanwhile, I was rooted where I was, my eyes fastened on her ass as it wiggled up.

At the very last second, before she disappeared, her head turned to look back down at me, there was an 'I've got you' look on her face, she waved and was gone.

When I took her cocktail out to her, "Someone tells me that it's your afternoon off in a bit, what do you do with yourself, anything special, if you don't mind my asking?"

"No, I don't mind at all. Sometimes I just have a nap or read a book, sometimes I come down for a swim if it's not too crowded." I told her.

"Come down, what do you mean?"

I pointed to the flat above the bar, "I live up there, dead handy for work. Mind you, it also means that they can call me anytime they want help and that can be a bind."

"Well, if you decide to swim today, it would be nice if you joined us, we'll be here for most of the afternoon."

As it happens, Mike had said that I should take the afternoon and evening off, he knew I'd had a hard night the previous day. So I told Sophie that I was going to grab an hour or so's nap, then I would be back down and join them.

Her hand reached for me, her fingers entwined with mine, "Oh, I am glad, I'll be waiting." Once more she squeezed and beamed that dazzling smile at me.

I took a while deciding which of my swimming costumes I should wear, a one-piece that showed my figure or a bikini that put more of my muscles on display. I am very well muscled from the years of humping beer barrels and heavy crates about, besides the weights I liked to chuck, mostly for my arms and shoulders. In the end, the bikini won out.

I felt a pleasing glow when I saw Peter's eyes boggle as I approached, Sophie was watching him with a little smile on her face, "You look gorgeous, Angie, and your muscles, I guess you really could have carried us home," she quipped.

I was blushing again, what was it with this girl, that she unhinged me so easily, "Leave it out," I said, "You're the gorgeous one, me, I'm just Iron Lady,"

It was Peter's turn to join in, "Don't underestimate yourself, Angie, you're totally stunning."

Now I was feeling embarrassed, "Anyone fancy a drink, it's my round?"

Sophie reached for my hand, she liked to keep doing that but by now, I didn't mind, "It's not a drink I fancy," she said with a grin, "but how about we have a swim, Peter can fetch the drinks." She now grinned at him. I could see he was about to protest but he shrugged his shoulders while Sophie pulled me after her to the pool.

Straight away, I saw that she swam just as well as he did but more graceful, I'm pretty good myself, we raced the length of the pool, she somersaulted and started another length. I called on my power and easily beat her to the end, where I turned and stood to watch her catch up.

She was breathing deeply when she reached me and those beautiful tits were lifting above the surface, right in front of my eyes. I only just managed to resist the urge to grab a fistful.

"Bloody hell, Angie, I thought I was a good swimmer but your strength is phenomenal, you went passed me like a rocket." Her hands went to each side of my shoulders, feeling my muscles, then they slid down my arms, she squeezed my upper arms, "Shit, they're like steel." I could feel the sides of her hands brushing the edge of my breasts, I knew my nipples were responding, I saw her eyes glance, "You naughty girl, Angie." A finger very quickly flicked my front and pinged a nipple, then with a backflip, she swam away.

We had a great afternoon, Sophie stuck to her cocktails, Peter was on the beer and I had a small jug of Sangria, followed by another. I think it was about sixish, when, feeling just a bit pissed, we packed up. We agreed that after showering and changing, we'd meet for dinner, my treat.

Our chef is very good anyway but knowing I was eating in the restaurant and with guests, he went overboard, the steaks were perfect and with sauces to die for.

Halfway through our meal, I felt a touch on my foot, I glanced at Peter but he sat totally straight-faced, concentrating on eating. Then the touch moved, I knew for sure it was his foot and he was rubbing it against mine. I didn't move mine away, well would you?

Sophie sat back, "Oh wow, that was good, thank you, Angie." She placed her hand on my thigh and patted. But then she left it there, the heat from her hand burned into me, I almost writhed in my chair as my pussy tingled.

Then she squeezed and her fingers traced along the top of my leg, "Your muscles, Angie, I can't keep my bloody hands off, do you mind?" She whispered as she leaned closer.

I think I shook my head as I grabbed up my glass of wine, with shaking hands I drained the glass in one. I felt my skirt being pulled up and then her hand moved to my knee, it was now on my bare skin, it didn't stay where it was for long though, because soon it was moving back up to my thigh, her fingers were down between my legs. It stopped it's upward progress just before she reached my panties, her fingers gently caressed my flesh. Now I thought that I could feel the wetness seeping out of me, my pussy was certainly coming alive. Would she touch, should I close my legs, or maybe open them wider?

The waitress came to clear the plates and her hand went away. A feeling of frustration swept me, now I knew for sure that I wanted that touch. My mind was made up, it was time for action.

It was karaoke that evening, I usually had to sing, the punters would insist and I wasn't anywhere near as bad as most. What is it with karaoke that makes everyone think they can sing? Tonight I decided that I would keep myself out of the way, well, it was my night off. 

Peter was off chatting up a young but very pretty girl so I asked Sophie, "You wanna stay here or perhaps we could take a bottle of wine up to my solarium, it's quite nice up there and it's cool."

She nodded me a 'yes', so I went and fetched a couple of half decent bottles of wine from the bar.

The solarium is above the main bar and completely surrounded by a chest high wall, it's secluded and it's my own private space where I do my sunbathing, in the nude of course. There was a table, four chairs, a couple of single sun-beds and one large double one.

"Hey, this is a cool space, Angie, I like this, you can do all sorts up here and no one would ever bother you." There she goes, holding my hand again.

We chatted a while, she wanted to know where was good to visit, you know, the touristy bit and so on. What with the wine we'd had at dinner, topped up with a couple more glasses now, I was feeling extremely happy, a nice buzz if you know what I mean.

I eased my hand from under hers, she gave me a puzzled look, "Just wanna get comfier, come on." I pulled Sophie to her feet and led her to the large sun-bed, the back was propped up so we could still sit upright with our legs stretched out.

As we sat, I put my arm around her shoulders and pulled her body tight alongside mine, she lay her head into my neck, "This is nice," was all she said.

"Tell me, Sophie, you and your brother both seemed to have been flirting with me or did I read it wrong? Not that I'm complaining if you were."
