 Notice--All participants are over 18, endowed with the usual equipment of normal size and will NOT engage in ANAL sex.

==========

If you happened to have read my other story which was submitted at the same time as this you will understand the introduction--Otherwise, not to worry this story is a STAND ALONE story.

It was Sunday afternoon of our Washington trip when my brother Dan asked me to tell about my encounter with Tami. So here goes.

"It was a Friday evening. Mom and dad were away for the weekend, you were at scout camp. I was nineteen and was dating and screwing with a guy named Don. Tami was doing the same with a guy named Jim. We were parked out at the airport overlook necking. Jim and Tami in the back, Zak and I in the front. Some political news interrupted the music on the car radio.

Tami and Jim got into a political argument, not serious but more in a joking manner. Don and I joined in. Don made one remark which happened to strike Tami funny. With that Tami said.

See that Jim, Don agrees with me. Maybe I should be making out with him. How about it Don?"

Don very quickly said. "I would but Ann won't let me."

I thought that Jim was kind of sexy so I put in my two cents worth and said. "Yea. Go ahead Don. I'll let you, I hear that Jim is a great kisser and I'd love to try him out."

Long story short. I spent an enjoyable hour or so necking and petting with Jim. No screwing had gone on. Later Tami and I were dropped of at my house. Tami was spending the night. We chatted as we undressed for bed. I had just dropped my panty to the floor as was stark naked when Tami said.

"God, I'm so hot and horny. I should have screwed Don while I had the chance. He would have loved my nice tight hole." Tami had only been screwing for about a week. I was considerably more experienced.

"Problem is," I shot back playfully. "that after he got in there he'd find that technique wins over tight every time." 

"Oh yea!" Tami shot back as she hit me with a pillow. The pillow fight became a wrestling match till both exhausted we collapsed onto the floor. As I mentioned I was naked, Tami was only in panties. The bare skin to bare skin contact as bringing desires to the forefront that I had always assumed weren't real.

As we stopped my right thigh happened to be trapped between those of Tami and our faces were only inches apart. Without conscious thought I said.

" Didn't work. I'm still hot and horny. How about we kiss and make up." That said I let myself do what I had wanted to do ever since I had known Tami. I kissed her." 

In only an instant my tongue and Tami's tongues were in each other's mouths. Tami wasted no time in getting a hand on each of my breasts which began to send strong impulses down those nerves which ended in my pussy. I moved my trapped thigh toward Tami's pussy. Her thighs parted to ease my passage. 

One of my arms was supporting Tami's head the other around her waist as she began humping my thigh. Her juices made this so easy that I could feel her clit as it rubbed back and forth.

"I've wanted this for so long." Tami whispered into my mouth.

"Me too." I replied. 

Just then the phone rang. It was my Grandmother. Their dog needed emergency vet care and they didn't drive at night. Would I help? Naturally. It was two the following afternoon before I entered the house again, totally exhausted and crawled into bed. Sex was, at that moment, the furthest thing from my mind.

I came alive again at about eleven that night when Tami knocked then entered my bedroom with a tray covered with goodies and a cup of strong coffee.

"Eat. I'll get a bath ready and treat you to something very nice." That said Tami disappeared toward the main bathroom. A minute later I heard pipe noise which indicated the water was flowing there. About ten minutes later I had finished all that had been put before me and was feeling much more alive as I wondered what Tami had in store.

Tami returned and came up aside the bed then bent over and kissed me lightly on the lips. She pulled down the covers exposing me completely. My T shirt was around my waist an my panties were embarrassingly plain. She held out her hand to assist me as I swung my legs around and stood.

"I'll give you a few minutes to eliminate whatever needs eliminating. Then meet me by the tub. Then I'll treat you to a sensual bath and all that goes with it. I did just that opening the door to the main bath about five minutes later. 

The bath was lit by several scented candles set around the room imparting a pleasant glow over every thing including Tami. She was dressed in almost nothing. What little that she was wearing made her seem even more naked than if she was wearing nothing. 

She was fully made up, she was wearing large gold hoop earrings a half inch wide gold choker necklace a gold lace four inch wide belt and thigh high black stockings. If I were a man my cock would have become very hard even more at the sight. Being a woman it was my nipples and my clit which grew and began tingling.

"Is Madame ready to be bathed?" Asked Tami. I thought for a moment then replied.

"If it's all the same to you I would rather be shampooed first. My hair actually smells of animals and medicines."

"If Madame will first step over to the shower I shall be happy to oblige." With that Tami stepped over to the shower and adjusted the controls. She places some towels on the floor and signaled me to kneel as she took the hand shower from it's holder and adjusted the spray. 

I bent forward into the shower stall as Tami first wet then shampooed and rinsed my hair. The occasional touch of her bare breasts against my bare back turned it into an erotic experience. She dried it gently then took be by the hand and assisted me to rise then enter the scented bubbly bath.

As I sank in all the way to my neck I could feel the gentle massaging action of the strategically jets wafting the hot water gently and erotically over my body. My father had sent to California for the tub as a gift for my mother. I had always hoped that she rewarded him properly and often.

One jet set low at the foot of the tub sent gently pulsing water directly at my pussy. Two others were places so that their pulses, if aimed correctly, would excite my nipples. The net result was to bring my body to an advanced state of excitement in short order. 

As I was washing my face I asked Tami if she had tried the tub. "I had the pleasure about an hour ago." Tami said. "Your dad must have a very sexy mind. I must study him some more." The way she said it brought several sharp images to my mind. and a momentary extra shot of horny juice to my pussy.

Meanwhile Tami was scrubbing my back with a soft sponge. She finished and I lay back to rest against the tub hoping that she would apply the same effort to my breasts. 

She did. The sponge circled my breasts scrubbing gently then went ender water to my stomach then to my lower belly then to my thighs then finally to my pussy. As it lingered there a finger came out from under the sponge and explored my entire area between my vulva from vagina to clitoris causing great excitement where ever it touched.

My eyes were closed, my lips were parted as I panted in excitement and enjoyment. Then there were lips holding my lower lip trapped and a tongue sliding across it from side to side. I closed my lips trapping Tami's upper lip and did much the same to her. 

Soon our mouths were open and in our excitement we were panting and talking and telling each other how much we wanted to complete this which we had started. Then without realizing it I was out of the tub, standing, with my wet body pressed tightly against Tami's.

Just an instant later I pushed my hand between our bodies and had my forefinger deep in Tami's slippery hole. Just an instant after that Tami was gently pinching my clit which was bringing me rapidly to orgasm. It seem like only seconds more till I was over the hump with my whole body trembling and thrusting against Tami in the wildest orgasm I had experienced until then. 

We made it to the bed. We fell immediately into the sixty nine position. Even though giving cunnilingus was new to both of us we taught ourselves the art in minutes and stayed in that position till we had given each other too many orgasms to count.

We slept for hours. Then we were too embarrassed to talk. Tami left, then a few days later we talked on the phone. Finally we came to an agreement. The agreement was to remain friends, and maybe it would happen again and maybe it wouldn't. 

We stayed uneasy friends for several months. Then we both went away to different colleges. Our E-mail stayed on that level till she bought herself a dildo. She was apparently enjoying it and she mentioned how she would love to have me use it on her. Well the thought of doing that aroused me instantly.

My next E-mail went something like this. "Would love to. You going home for Thanksgiving? I am. If you do make sure you bring your new friend. Have you named him yet?"

I arrived home on Wednesday afternoon of Thanksgiving week. After the excitement of reunion was over and I was settled in mom mentioned that Tami had called and wanted me to call her. Naturally she wasn't home when I called but an hour later she called me.

"Hi best friend," Was her greeting. "I'm home and I brought my new friend. I'd love you to meet him. Why don't you invite me to spend the night so we can catch up." I instantly agreed.

At about nine Tami rang our doorbell. My parents and my brother liked her and we all had a grand time telling what my dad always refers to as 'war stories'. It was eleven before my parents begged off and went to bed. Tami and I left my brother to his own devices and retired to my room. I locked my door against unwanted interruptions and Tami promptly fell into an embrace.

Our tongues explored the other's mouth for a few minutes before Tami said. "I'm grungy from my trip and need a shower." She paused and asked. "Can we get away with showering together?"

"Yes." I said. "I'm never interrupted after I close my door. House rules. Let me set the phone to not ring."

We got naked in seconds. As we started for the bathroom Tami stopped and rummaged around in her bag before holding up a very realistic looking penis. "Meet Charles." Tami said. Charles was fully erect. He caused an instant reaction in my pussy. Without being asked he accompanied us into the shower. 

Charles waited patiently on a shelf as Tami and I washed each other's hair. We followed that with soaping each other's back then came soaping and exciting the other's boobs. Tami was a C- while I was a true B. We were about the same height and neither of us were ashamed to let other's see our body.

Soon we were kissing and sucking those boobs and the nipples located upon them. Once our mouths were busy there our hands were free to pay attention to the other's pubic area. Fingers became busy exploring there as poor Charles sat on the shelf uninvited to the festivities but not forgotten.

We were both quivering and trembling with excitement as we turned off the water and then broke our kissing and petting long enough to dry each other giggling nervously as we did. I paused and reached for Charles as we found our way to the bed and again kissed.

We laid their kissing with arms and legs intertwined for several minutes before I felt Tami take Charles from my hand into her's then slide that hand in-between us till she was able to slide Charles's swollen head up and down my slippery pussy.

My body reacted without my conscious thought. I felt like a real hard penis. Therefore it belonged inside of me. My legs spread in anticipation Charles accepted the invitation and entered. He felt good and my vagina opened wide so as to welcome him. 

Tami's lips moved to my right nipple as she move Charles in and out. I began to approach orgasm as Tami abandoned the position so as to roll over on top of me and attack my clit with her tongue. The double sensation of being fucked and licked at the same time brought me to my orgasm.

When my lower torso stopped bucking I guided Tami around so that her dripping pussy was against my mouth. My tongue lapped at the juices as my fingers found her clit. It was only seconds later until her body was also in orgasm. Two more each and we rolled over to fall asleep entangled still. Later we separated and removed Charles. 

We pulled the covers over us and slept the sleep of the dead. We were awakened about nine in the morning being told that breakfast was served and that afterward help was needed to prepare the Thanksgiving feast.

Breakfast over Tami went home. Thanksgiving feast over I spent the night at Tami's where I demonstrated to her the joy of Charles and tongue paying homage to her at the same time.

The more I thought about it I realized that maybe I should introduce my brother Dan to Tami.