 Ann knew she wouldn't catch-up leaning forward, and crouching low over the mares' neck, she whispered into its ear, begging for more speed.

"Come on Girl!" she urged, breathing in time to the horses thundering hooves.

It was four years since she and Bev had raced like this. Their childish competing, which had often been the cause for them fighting that ended in tears had died down at the age of 19. Now they rode more to exercise their horse's than to prove who was the better rider.

At least this was usually the case.

Ann wasn't sure why they were doing it now. She knew only that there was an edge to Bev today, a desire to return to the excitement of when they were younger, testing each other to their limits. The ride across the hills was a hard one, for both horse and rider. Tractor ruts littered the ground making it treacherous, even when the going was hard, like today. Bev was already a good furlong ahead and Ann's heart beat painfully in her breast, with the effort needed to control Flute's natural tendency to lead.

Crouching low over the horse, she murmured soothingly, urging caution as well as speed as she used ever ounce of strength in her arms and legs to remain in the saddle.

Clouds of steam blew from Flute's flaring nostrils leaving streaks of mist in the still morning air. Spume already stripped the horse's flanks and sweat ran down Ann's face from beneath her helmet stinging her eyes. Her body, slick and clammy, caused the thin silk turtle neck to stick to her back where the muscles bunched tense with exertion. If she hadn't been wearing gloves the reins would have slipped from her fingers way back. A blurred figure was all she could see of Bev in the distance through her sweat filled eyes, and still she urged Flute to go faster. She felt the mare respond and give an extra push "Go on girl, go on, keep it going" Ann said encouragingly as she leaned closer to the mares neck. 

So intent was she in driving the speeding horse, controlling the power under her that, at first, she did not notice the heat building between her legs. 

It wasn't the first time Ann had become aroused whilst out riding. As a teenager it was secretly part of the thrill. The sensations produced when her crotch slid back and forth over hard smooth leather of saddle. The tightness of the muscles in her thighs as she gripped the heaving flanks of the animal beneath her, heightened her sense, often bringing her to a peak that she was unaware of until, with the force of a tornado it hit her

An insistent throbbing was beginning in her womb, an tickle difficult to ignore. She found herself grinding her pubis against the hot hard leather, to the rhythm of Flute's hooves as they flew across the ground speeding beneath them, the rhythm of the pounding vibrating into her beating heart. 

The release her body unconsciously sought spurred her on, and she opened her thighs, building the pressure, increasing her pleasure until she was on the verge of crying out.

Without her realising, Ann had closed down the gap between herself and Bev. Her renewed enthusiasm to win meant that her arousal was momentary forgotten in her determination to catch up. Adrenaline coursed through her veins as woman and horse galloped faster and faster, nearing her friend's position.

Her eyes were focused to the tail of Bev's horse flying in the wind, and how Bev's body moved on her mighty steed, her blonde hair trailing behind, echoing the horse's movements.

When the fall happened, the shock made her stall, bringing Flute up sharp and threatening to send her the same way. She was close enough to see Bev's horse stumble, to shout out a warning. Close enough to gasp and cry out, horrified when Bev flew over the horse's head and still holding the reins, was dragged several yards, bouncing over the hard ground, bringing the horse down beside her, narrowly missing the flailing hooves. 

Within a few seconds Ann was off her horse, running to her friend, her breath catching in her throat and her heart beating wildly.

An anguished cry was wrenched from her throat, as Bev lay on the grass inert, the cry startled a pheasant into noisy flight; the stillness that followed made Ann starkly aware of the eerie loneliness of the surrounding countryside. There was no help for miles. Only Flute's breathy snorts and Paddle's fretful stamping broke the deathly silence.

Ann fell to her knees, onto hard ground. The fallen horse continued with its frantic scrambling, until Ann released the reins from Bev's tight grip, sensing that it was free the horse stood-up and shook itself fortunately showing no visible injury. Paddle moved away and instinctively put its head down and began to graze.

Ann knew she might have to leave her friend, where she lay depending on how badly she was hurt. Bev lay still without any sign of movement; she could not touch her as instinct demanded. Ann suddenly gave into her frightened tears of shock that had been threatening since the first moment she saw her friend thrown from the horse.

Anxiously, she wondered how long it would take her to go for help.

"Bev" she sobbed, an agony of fear clutching at her throat. "Oh please Bev, be alright. Please be alright."

A slight cough broke her heavy, desperate breathing, Bev moved, opened her eyes, and then squinted in the glare of the sun.

" Jesus, that… Fucking hurt," Bev murmured. Ann laughed relieved.

"Where, love? Can you tell me where it hurts?" Panic now gone, she began running her hands over Bev's body, as she had been taught during First Aid classes, gently feeling for broken bones. Relieved at finding none, she returned her hand to her friend's head and soothingly stroked her hair.

"I'm cold," Bev whispered. Ann lay down beside her wrapped her arms around her and hugged her body close.

They lay like this for a long while, entwined in each other's arms, their hearts beating in time, and the warmth of their bodies providing reassurance that Bev was all right.

Ann lifted her head to check on Bev and, although she was unsure why, she could see Bev in a different light. Perhaps it was the relief that she was unharmed after all, but at that moment she knew she had to kiss her.

In one natural fluid movement, their lips became fused. One mouth softly pressed the other, one tongue, wet and warm, slid against another.

Their breathing became shallower; and panted, gasps, held their breath at the shock of pleasure their kissing was bringing them.

Ann tentatively reached out a hand, to touch an erect nipple through the thin material of Bev's blouse.

Bev emitted a little whimpering, purr sound that made Ann shiver. She slowly undid the buttons of Bev's blouse and pulled it open to reveal her firm pale breasts, braless, and warm to the touch. Nerves and excitement warred within her as Bev responded by undoing Ann's blouse too.

Bev smiled her approval for Ann to continue. Her smile stretching to a grin as Ann dipped her head and took one stiff nipple into her mouth, nuzzling gently before opening her lips wider to suck the soft flesh.

She felt fingers plough through her hair, a hand mould her skull, her face pushed harder against Bev's breast, urging her to suck more deeply.

The insistent throb that had driven her almost to orgasm earlier began again. She could feel her wetness moistening the cotton gusset of her panties, and when Bev's hand touched her breast, she groaned with desire.

Ann could not believe they were doing this. They had been friends almost all their lives and never had anything like this occurred to her.

It was true that she'd often wondered what another woman's body would be like.

Many a night she'd lain in the dark, masturbating, imagining her body was another girl's, imagining the hot, wet slit she ran her fingers up and down belonged to someone else. But never, ever, had she imagined it to be Bev's.

She rolled on top of her friend and tried to soothe the ache building inside her, grinding her mound against Bev's hard muscular thigh.

Yanking the blouse from the waistband of Bev's jodhpurs, she peeled it from her shoulders, turning her attention to the buttons of the tightly fitted trousers. Laughing Bev did the same. She reached up and practically ripped the jersey over Ann's body she half sat, using her strong stomach muscles to balance her as she reached around and unclasped Ann's bra.

Topless, both pairs of jodhpurs unbuttoned and loose, they lay back down pressing their nipples against the other's feeling them harden still further. Rubbing against each other increased the feeling and doubled the pleasure, so they did it more, sliding their bodies up and down, mashing their breasts together and grinding their pubic mounds feverishly.

Bev's hand moved down between Ann's thighs. Flattening her palm she cupped the swollen bulge of Ann's pussy, squeezing the plump lips together, making Ann cry out with pleasure. "I want to feel you properly," she whispered, "take your jodhpurs off."

Ann's heart slammed against her ribs, a mix of fear and lust combined to make her belly flutter as she stood up to strip. Bev moved to do the same but Ann stopped her, "No Bev," she said "Let me do that."

Bev lay back down again and watched as her friend peeled off the tight riding pants to her knees. She felt her womb tighten as the panties were eased down to reveal a hairless pussy, clean, smooth and glistening with juices.

Then, as Ann lifted one foot to pull off a boot, Bev knelt and pressed her face against her pussy lips, tonguing the little puckered gap between them. Ann gasped and nearly fell over.

Steadying herself by placing her hands on the rough turf, she crouched, doubled over, as Bev ran her tongue up and down the crevice of her bottom. "Oh God, Bev, that's gorgeous," she panted breathlessly. As Bev's pointed tongue plunged into her, she could not stop herself from calling out, "Oh God, that's it licks my arse."

Bev thrust her tongue deeper up Ann's quim, fucking her with it, driving her friend insane. She moved her right hand down between Ann's leg and once more cupped her mons venus, feeling the smoothness of it in her palm. Running her fingers up and down her slit, lubricating them in the slick juice. She shoved them straight up Ann's snatch and began to finger fuck her with swift, plunging strokes. As Ann moaned, and pushed herself down onto Bev's fingers, Bev pushed her thumb hard against Ann's swollen clit.

"OH BEV!……….BEV, I'm coming," she panted through gritted teeth. "OH…FUCK! Bev I'm…………………." she leant back, forcing herself further onto Bev's thrusting tongue and fingers. With one final grind of her hips she came violently, bucking and writhing as a powerful climax ripped through her body.

Her breathing echoing in her ears, Ann strove to recover, waiting for her heart beat to return to near normal.

"Are you okay?" Bev asked, realising that Ann was crying.

Ann twisted around and sat back on her heels, the still booted one digging into the soft flesh of her backside.

"More than okay," she sobbed with deep joy, she reassured her softly, "Fantastic in fact. I feel like I'm floating on air." She looked at Bev's face; the glistening liquid smeared over it and, feeling another pulse begin between her legs, said, "Come here."

Bev did as she was told and dropped to her knees in front of Ann.

Using both hands, Ann cupped Bev's face and pulled her towards her. She licked Bev's lips, tasting her own juices on them. Running the pads of her thumbs over the oily mask, she massaged the cream over Bev's cheeks, spreading it, delighting in the sight of her best friend covered in her pussy juice.

Using the tip of her tongue, Ann lapped at the seam between Bev's lips, forcing them apart, until she could slide her tongue in.

Overcome with lust, she thrust into the, moist cavern of Bev's mouth, mimicking the actions, which she would soon be doing in her vagina. Ann withdrew her tongue from Bev's mouth and licked a trail down her neck to her naval. She stopped just above the waistband of her jodhpurs, where she circled and prodded, "Lie down," she instructed, almost pushing Bev flat on her back in her haste to strip her. She turned around, straddling her friend's belly, leaned forward and pulled off her riding boots. Then, shuffling backwards, she rubbed her pussy on Bev's stomach as she hooked her hands between fabric and skin. She pushed the trousers down passed her hips, taking the very skimpy panties with them, revelling in the sensation of her bare pussy touching Bev's soft belly and the sight of Bev's bushy snatch spread out before her.

Once stripped naked, Bev spread her legs wide to accommodate Ann's head as it bent towards her, every nerve in her body screaming with anticipation. The first touch of Ann's tongue sent her spiralling to a climax, and as Ann watched, Bev's hips bucked and her creamy juice poured from her pussy with each spasm.

Ann wanted to taste the juices pouring from her; she wanted to taste them so badly. Parting the curly hairs protecting the secret folds of Bev's pussy, she used her fingers to spread her vagina lips wide, exposing the inner lips to her view. Bending her head forward, she flattened her tongue and ran it down Bev's wet slit, skirting down between the fleshy cheeks of her bum.

Using the tip, she ringed the stiff, puckered ridges of her scared hole and then plunged her tongue deep into her quim.

Bev moaned again, lifting her hips off the ground and rubbing herself up against Ann's determined tongue. In the midst of her ecstasy, Bev opened her eyes to find Ann's glorious bottom inches from her face. 

Sliding her hands round her hips, she brought her down towards her mouth. Intent on tongue fucking Bev, Ann paid only scant notice of Bev's ministrations and absent-mindedly shuffled backwards as she was urged. Soon she had worked her way slowly back to her pussy, where she plunged in her tongue and curled it, scooping up the juices as they oozed out.

Bev spread Ann's cheeks and tongued up and down the deep pink crack. She pulled her further back, desperate now to have Ann sit on her face. Ann realised what was happening and shuddered, her mouth still clamped on Bev's sopping wet pussy, guzzling it. She ground herself down on her friends face, circling her hips, mashing her bald vagina against her tongue and coating it in creamy juice.

As the sun climbed higher above them, the two women tongued each other, drinking each other's pussy juice, their slurping noises loud in the still morning air. Despite the chill of the open moor-land, sweat slicked their meshed bodies as they used each other's faces to pleasure themselves, each now oblivious to the other's needs as they strove to feed their own desires.

Bev came first, her orgasm tearing through her as she raised her hips and ground her throbbing pussy against Ann's unyielding tongue. Showing no mercy for her she continued tonguing Bev's juicy vagina for a long time after the uncontrolled bucking ceased, prolonging the shudders until they became mere whimpers, begging her to stop. Bev's cries added fuel to Ann's lust. For a reason she could not fathom, the combination of Bev's pleas muffled incoherently into her pussy and the knowledge that she'd reduced Bev to a quivering wreck beneath her, drove her to grind herself harder and harder onto the other's woman's face. With her own face drenched in Bev's juices, her nostril's filled with the musky scent of her, and knowing Bev's face was thoroughly soaked with hers, that she was tasting and smelling everything that came out of her pussy, she came violently once more.

Knowing her pussy would pour juices now, she raised herself slightly and, twisting the top half of her body, turned to watch as Bev opened her mouth to catch the cream drizzle onto her tongue.

Ann collapsed on top of Bev, their bodies sticky with sweat, and they lay there, in the middle of the moor, naked, sated and glowing, awaiting their body's revival so that they could continue their newfound pleasure.

Eventually they would have to make their way back to the stable, and to see to both the horses and the fallen woman's bumps and bruises. But there was still plenty of time for that, both women agreed.