 This story could be posted in any of a number of categories, but I chose 'lesbian sex' because that's what makes up the bulk of the tale. There is a strong element of consensual BDSM involved, but nothing nasty or heavy, more humiliation and tease than pain. In the main it's a lesbian romance, a love story with a bit of kinky sex included. I hope you enjoy and please comment, as that's the only way I can know what you think.

........................

Anna knocked nervously at the door. The dark carved wood seemed to bear down on her like a symbol of doom, mocking her uncertainties and reminding her harshly of her limitations. She didn't want to be there, didn't want this change, this so called promotion. She was happy to stay where she was, content to follow, to blend in, unnoticed, just do her work and go home to her small apartment. But Sheila had decreed otherwise. Sheila: the manager of the office and also her friend, who had plucked her from the comfort of anonymity and thrust her into the spotlight. Anna cursed her, and she cursed herself for allowing Sheila to talk her into it.

Corrine Bletchley was the owner of this small company. To all of the twenty employees she was almost God, and Sheila had designated Anna to be God's personal assistant. Gerald Bletchley, Corrine's father, had died just a month earlier, leaving his daughter in sole control, but she was new to the business, certainly capable but still with much to learn. And so she needed somebody with experience to help ease her into her new position, someone like Anna. Hence her new job description.

Anna knocked again and received a one word response "come."

The room was much as Anna had imagined it would be: grim and foreboding, with lots of dark wood panelling. Heavily laden bookshelves lined one wall, two chairs and a small table sat opposite. Facing the door were two large windows, while portraits of people Anna didn't recognize hung on the walls amongst more familiar paintings, she briefly wondered how many of them were originals and how much wealth was hanging there? Probably more than she'd ever earn in her lifetime she thought. As she walked through the door she faced a huge oak desk that dominated the room. Corrine Bletchley sat behind it writing studiously into a large ledger, she didn't look up but pointed with her pen to the chairs off to one side.

Anna had seen her new boss only twice before, both times as Corrine had walked through the main office, to all intents and purposes ignoring the minions there. Anna hadn't yet formed an opinion about the woman who was her boss, she didn't know her well enough and had never even spoken to her, but she imagined her to be aloof and arrogant, not someone Anna would ever call a friend. But now, coming face to face, she took the time to study the young woman. For young she was: no more than thirty two or perhaps thirty three years old, just five years older than Anna. She was tall and slim, with shoulder length brown hair and an attractive, most would say, beautiful face, the half round reading glasses perched upon the end of her nose seemed to add to her appeal. She oozed self confidence and Anna could only compare herself unfavourably. She sat nervously, thinking that perhaps she shouldn't be there; she was just an ordinary girl, while Corrine Bletchley would succeed in whatever she did with or without either her father's legacy or Anna's assistance.

She waited patiently for Corrine to pause in her work but it was as though she had been forgotten. The large room was quiet, so quiet the only sounds the ticking of the ugly old clock on the wall and the scratching of Corrine's pen. The sun shone through half open blinds and Anna watched dust motes floating in the air. Then finally Corrine looked up, the sunlight shining through her hair making it appear like a halo. She pushed her glasses up onto the bridge of her nose and then thought better of it, so removed them and laid them on the desk in front of her.

"Anna?" she asked, although it sounded more of a declaration.

"Er, um yes ma'am," Anna replied a little flustered, the sudden question had taken her by surprise as she sat with her hands in her lap, but then she jumped up and stood, almost to attention, before Corrine's desk.

"So you're my new girl?" Corrine said, Anna nodded in reply "and how long have you been with us?" Corrine asked, at last showing some interest in her subordinate.

"Er, n, nine years ma'am."

"Oh, so you're not so new after all? And do try to relax, I don't bite, at least not always, and depending on how you taste of course," Corrine's attempted humour completely bypassed Anna who remained nervously straight faced, but that may have had something to do with the fact that it had been said without a hint of a smile. "Right," Corrine said, getting back to the business in hand "So I can assume that you know what you're doing, how things work?" she said, and Anna nodded affirmatively "has Sheila explained what I need?" again Anna nodded "good. Your desk is just though there, I'll call you when I need you." Corrine finished curtly then returned her attention to her work.

Anna stood for a few seconds before she realized that she had been dismissed. She felt a little stunned at how brief the meeting had been, she wanted to say something, anything, but could think of nothing. So she mumbled a polite thank you and walked to the door, she was about to exit when Corrine's voice stopped her.

"Oh one more thing: The trousers are not suitable, a smart skirt and jacket would be much more appropriate and you're hair could do with a little attention," Corrine said, not even looking up from her work as she spoke. Anna looked down at her shapeless, baggy trousers, and she subconsciously pushed a lank strand of red hair back behind her ear. She wanted to protest but her bottom lip trembled and she didn't trust herself not to cry. She didn't reply, just let herself out and quietly closed the door behind her.

...............................

"Can't you get somebody else to do it? There must be someone?" Anna asked Sheila. They were sitting facing each other over the small cafe table. Sheila brushed her muddy blonde hair away from her eyes and sipped her coffee, Anna's remained untouched.

Anna had sat, bored, at her new desk all morning, her only task was to take just three phone calls. She then scanned her computer and checked a few files in an effort to find something to do while waiting in vain for Corrine to give her some real work. After two hours she decided to take a break and made straight to where she knew Sheila would be. She explained how rude Corrine had been to her and pleaded to be moved back to her old position.

"She needs a receptionist not an assistant," she added.

"No one else has your experience Annie, no one knows how this company works better than you," Sheila said.

"What about Pam or Christine, or even David?" Anna suggested. They were all people who had been with the firm as long if not longer than Anna.

"David's too old and both Pam and Christine are married with children, they can't work with the flexibility that you have. And let's be honest, you're much better qualified."

"But it's so boring, I hate it, and I don't know if I can work with her, she seems so...detached...isolated."

"Come on Annie, give it a chance, how would it appear if I suddenly replaced you after just a couple of hours? Do you want to tell her why? Tell her to her face that you don't like her? Because I won't," Sheila said "anyway," she continued "she's really not so bad when you get to know her."

"How would you know? She's ignored me for most of the morning, and when she does talk she makes me feel like I'm some sort of lower being," Anna complained.

"Look, I'll tell you what: give it a couple of weeks, maybe a month, see how it goes. If it doesn't work out I promise to do something," Sheila said reaching across the table to squeeze Anna's hands "trust me: when you get to know her I guarantee you'll like her."

"I don't know," Anna said, but it was clear that she was softening "And what about the clothes thing? How dare she criticize what I wear?"

"It's just about appearances Annie, when you were in my office it was just you and me and the other girls, it didn't really matter how you dressed. But you're the first person visitors see now, important visitors. It's all about image, and let's face it Annie, you do look a bloody state," Sheila finished with a chuckle.

"Thanks a bunch, with friends like you who needs enemies?" Anna grumped.

"Seriously though, give it a month, do it for me, please? I guarantee you'll thank me in the end."

Anna sighed, Sheila had said the magic words and she couldn't let her friend down "okay. But if she criticizes me one more time I'll let her know what she can do with her job."

Sheila smiled her appreciation, while she honestly believed Anna would eventually love her new position, she knew that she would never carry out her threat, and deep down Anna knew it too.

...........................

So Anna returned to her office determined to make things work. The following day she would dig out something to wear, though God knew what? She didn't even remember if she actually owned any business clothes, and it'd be a miracle if they still fitted her, and even if they did they'd be years out of date. Well Corrine bloody Bletchley would just have to put up with it, that's what she told herself, but inside she was in turmoil, desperately worried that she wouldn't come up to scratch.

Her concerns though were needless: in an effort to pass the time she had just finished going through another boring file and it was mid afternoon when Corrine announced that she was going home. She walked past Anna's desk without saying goodbye, but then suddenly stopped as though she had forgotten something.

"You're still wearing those trousers?" she said turning round sharply.

"Err, yes. I haven't had time to go home to change; I'll find something more appropriate tonight."

Corrine stood looking down at her assistant, staring silently until Anna was forced to lower her eyes.

"Clearly my desires aren't high on your list of priorities," Corrine said sarcastically "I deliberately didn't push work your way thinking you were busy making yourself more presentable. Do you normally find it so difficult to follow instructions?"

"I, I didn't realize. I'm s, sorry."

Corrine sighed impatiently "take the rest of the day, go to Blackwell's, I assume even you know where that is?" Corrine said. Anna nodded, feeling small "tell them I sent you and what you need. Let them sort you out. Put everything on my account. They have my phone number if there's any problem."

Blackwell's was one of the more select stores in town. Anna would normally never dream of shopping there, but Corrine had offered to pay...or had she? Would Anna be expected to repay the bill? God! That could cripple her finances. No, she couldn't let that happen. She would go instead to a chain store, buy something more in keeping with her situation, though heaven knows she could ill afford even that? What with the rent on her apartment and the money she'd lost on the shitheap of a car she'd bought.

"Well?" Anna's thoughts were interrupted by Corrine's question.

"Pardon? I'm sorry, I was just thinking,"

"I don't pay you to think. Blackwell's now! Go. And don't bother to come in tomorrow unless you're dressed properly," and with that Corrine strode from the office.

Anna sat at her desk, her face burning; she didn't know whether through anger or embarrassment, but at that moment she did know that she hated Corrine Bletchley more than anyone in the world.

.......................

As it transpired Blackwell's wasn't as bad as Anna imagined, actually it was good, no, better than good, in fact it was amazing. She was nervous at first, feeling so out of place just walking through the door, convinced that everyone inside would be looking down on her, wondering what such an ordinary girl, who obviously couldn't afford their prices, was doing in a place like that. But she couldn't believe how polite and attentive the assistants were: she was made to feel like royalty, maybe the mention of Corrine's name had something to do with it but no matter, this was an experience she wanted to treasure.

With the help of a wonderful assistant named Annabelle, Anna chose three outfits; two suits and a dress, along with the required accessories. She also bought two pairs of shoes, both with heels much higher than she was used to, but Annabelle insisted they were just perfect.

"Are you buying these things for yourself or for Corrine?" Annabelle asked as she collected the shoes.

"Er, me. Why, what do you mean?"

Annabelle moved in closer to speak quietly "I know her very well, and she's a lovely person...but...well, Corrine has certain standards. If you're buying these clothes on her suggestion, she'll want the whole package."

"I still don't understand," Anna said, and she began to wonder just what she was getting herself into.

"Its okay, it's nothing to worry about. But you did say that you were Corrine's new assistant. so she'll see you as an extension of herself," Annabelle squatted to be at eye level with Anna, who was sitting, having just tried on some beautiful shoes "do you mind if I give you some advice," she said. Anna nodded dumbly so she continued "Corrine is very image conscious, she'll want people to be as impressed with you as they are with her. She probably chose you because she knows what you're capable of, and because she really likes you. Now let's take you to see Michelle."

Anna didn't reply, but followed as though in a daze, she tried to process what Annabelle had said: to find some hidden meaning. But for some reason five words kept echoing in her head: "because she really likes you."

Michelle was the manageress of the lingerie department. Annabelle introduced Anna and smiled reassuringly "I'll be through there when you're finished, you just have fun and I'll see if Daniel can squeeze you in."

"Who, who's Daniel?" Anna asked, but Annabelle had already gone.

"He's a hair stylist, one of the best," Michelle, a statuesque forty something blonde said "trust me: you'll look and feel like a new woman once he's done," like Annabelle she was charming, polite and immaculately presented, and she guided Anna into a wonderland of silk and lace.

................

Anna did indeed look like a new woman as she walked into the office the following day. Everyone but everyone complemented her new look, and the men in particular seemed to treat her differently. even Graham, who she had worked with for the past two years, and who had always treated her more like a sister, now he held the door for her, and grinned like a puppy as he brought her coffee.

She enjoyed the complements but felt uncomfortable being the centre of attention, and quickly made her way to the sanctuary of her own office.

Thirty minutes later Corrine entered; she was reading a folded newspaper and absently nodded a greeting to Anna as she passed. Then as her hand touched the door to her office she suddenly stopped.

"Stand up," she said, turning back toward the seated woman.

Anna obeyed, nervously straightening the front of her new blue skirt.

Corrine stood statue still, just her eyes moved as she inspected her assistant: from the black four inch heels, up past the slim nylon covered calves, the knee length pencil skirt and matching jacket, the extremely pretty face to the perfectly styled red hair.

"You'll do," she said before turning away and disappearing through the door.

Anna stood for fully two minutes staring at the closed portal. Then raising her hand to brush away a loose strand of hair she realized that she was shaking and sat down with a deep sigh. a small smile began to blossom on her face as she thought about all the nice comments, the complements and admiring looks she had received, but for some reason her happiness was mostly from the knowledge that she had somehow pleased Corrine.

....................

Sheila blew out smoke into the breeze and studied her electronic cigarette as though she had just discovered it "I don't know why I bother with this, its crap, nothing like the real thing."

"I don't know why you don't just give up completely, especially now, with the baby on the way," Anna said.

"Okay don't preach, you just don't know what it's like. But you're right, I should stop. So it turned out not so bad after all, with Corrine I mean?" she said, not looking up.

"What? Oh, no, no it's not too bad I suppose, better than I thought," Anna replied, surprised by the change of subject. Anna didn't smoke, but like many others, she gravitated toward the smoker's area to be with company, and with her new unpredictable timetable she had to take any opportunity she could to chat with her friend.

"You certainly look better; in fact you look fucking amazing," Sheila said with a grin "come on, and tell the truth: you love it."

Anna let out a breath, it was her forth week into her new job and she couldn't deny that things were certainly better "yeah okay, I admit it, it's good. I like it, but Corrine takes some getting used to."

"Wait until you get to know her better, I promise you'll love her."

"Oh I like her well enough, but it's not easy. Everyone keeps saying how great she is, but I never really know where I stand with her," Anna explained "I'll do something and she completely ignores me, other times she'll come right out of the blue to criticize or praise me for nothing. It's difficult."

"Would you like me to have a word with her, make sure everything's okay?" Sheila asked, as she tucked her 'cigarette' into her chest pocket.

"God no! Don't you dare. I can handle it," Anna quickly replied.

"Okay, look I really have to get back, if you have any problems, anything, just let me know. Understand?"

Anna nodded as they hugged and both went to leave, but then something Annabelle had said suddenly came back to her "Sheila, this job: did you assign me or did Corrine ask for me?"

Sheila stopped with her hand on the doorknob "er, she asked for you, by name. Why? Does it matter?"

"No, no it's nothing. I just wondered. I'll catch you later," Anna wondered herself why she needed to know, but she did feel flattered, and it was something that had been in her mind. But now the question was...why?

Sheila hesitated for a second, made to go then turned back; she plucked the e-cigarette from her pocket and with a grin dropped it in the bin.

.....................

Something else had been worrying Anna for almost a month, and she eventually plucked up the courage to ask. It wasn't that she was scared of Corrine but more by what the answer would be. So pulling back her shoulders and steeling herself she knocked on the door and entered. Corrine's office no longer felt as gloomy or daunting now that Anna was familiar with it, but suddenly she felt as nervous as the first time she had entered. And she stood before the desk waiting to be acknowledged.

"Yes?" Corrine said looking up almost immediately, she seemed happy, smiling brightly and Anna perked up a little. Perhaps it was her generous nature, but she liked to see Corrine happy.

"It's about my clothes ma'am, I was wondering, I was concerned..."

"Is there something wrong with them? They look fine to me," Corrine interrupted."

"No, no there's nothing wrong, they're beautiful in fact and I love them. It's just that...well they cost so much, and I did get a little carried away. I'm worried about the money ma'am."

Corrine deliberately and carefully laid down her pen before speaking again "if I recall correctly I told you to put them on my account, you did do that I assume?" she raised one eyebrow in question though she already knew the answer, and the amount down to the last penny.
