 This is the conclusion. I am sure there are some errors I am still new to writing, however I am looking an editor for future submissions. This is part three may not make sense if you have not read the previous chapters. Thanks and I hope you enjoy. 

*

As my week drug by, I busied myself with preparing the gallery for the show. But thoughts of Annabelle flooded my mind. I couldn't release the feeling of having to have her. Jennie had called earlier in the week to interrogate me on my intentions, she knows me better than anyone. Apparently Annabelle had told her of our night together and couldn't stop going on about how sweet I was and what a good friend I had turned out to be at their brunch. I simply shrugged off her warnings of not wanting me to get hurt since she knew Annabelle and she had never give her any indication that this could possibly end well for me. She ended our conversation by letting me know that she knew very well when I set my mind to something there was no stopping me. And my mind was set.

I called Annabelle to confirm that I was picking her up for her private viewing before the show and festivities began, she still had no clue that it was my gallery. She simply replied she couldn't wait, and the butterflies flew circles in my stomach. I took the morning off to prepare myself for the evening. After my morning run with Mud I was regretting that decision. Father time was playing a cruel joke on me and refused to move at all. 

Finally after a seriously needed self release I decided to get ready for my date. Dressing in a pair of fitted slacks and a button down shirt, I changed and put on my faded out blue jeans that I knew fit just right and just where they needed to and threw on a favorite band tee. Figuring I could change after we got there I text Annabelle and asked her to wear pants and if she wanted she could also change before everyone arrived. Pulling the Harley out of the garage I set on my way to get the girl of my dreams. 

As I pulled up the drive I saw her waiting for me with mouth dropped open. God she was gorgeous. She decided to go with dress slacks that grip her butt just right and a low cut blouse that showed off her perky C breast in a way that made me want to rip those clothes from her body here and now. Instead I offered her a hand onto the back of my bike. As I get on the bike I relish in the feeling of her arms wrapped around me and her breast pressed against my back. This was going to be a nice ride, but at this moment I knew that my bike rides would never feel complete without her again. 

As I unlock the door to the gallery the girls are still setting the final touches for the show, and have all been instructed not to say or do anything that will tell her this is my place. She looks at me curiously as everyone speaks to me and no one questions my arrival or my attire. I simply shrug off her questioning looks and begin my tour taking her from exhibit to exhibit explaining the uniqueness and some background of every artist.

"You talk about the artist like you know them personally." She finally states halfway thru the show. As we come to my collection she stops at a picture of Mud running by the river down at the cabin I had took one day on a cloudy afternoon. 

"I am going to go get changed before everyone starts showing up, why don't you look around a bit and I will meet back up with you here." I said not wanting get caught in this getup at my own party. By the time I got back Jennie had showed up knowing she hadn't said anything since I swore her to secrecy, I was relieved to see her. Just as I was approaching Annabelle looked up from her conversation and her eyes met mine. I melted right there until I felt a hand on my arm. Shit

"Fine job you have done here baby." Lane said. Now Lane was a very pretty girl, that I have had the pleasure of getting to know very well. She was smart, funny, gorgeous, and incredible in bed. But no one will ever love Lane as much as she loves herself. We hooked up a couple times a month neither of us wanting anything serious, and I forgot I invited her honestly. As Lane's kiss catches me off guard nothing surprises me more than the look on Annabelle's face. Shooting Jennie a look of pure desperation she comes to my rescue asking Lane if she would join her at one of the other exhibits. God love her. 

"Is that how all your friends great you?" She asks with a twinge of jealousy in her voice. 

"That depends, wanna be friends." I say at a failed attempt to lighten the mood.

"Look we are old friends, to say that is all we have ever been would be a lie and I don't want to lie to you. However I have not spoken to her since the night I met you, and I don't know why I am telling you this, but"

"You don't have to explain yourself to me, I'm sorry I shouldn't have said anything." She cut me off and disregarded my apology,

"Here I want to show you something, can we just enjoy our evening and pretend no one else is here." I asked with my hand extended to shake on it. She surprised me when she took my hand in hers and didn't let go. Everyone else in the room disappeared but her and me. I took her over to one of my favorite pieces and explained why I love it so much, and by the look in her eyes I could tell she felt it too. It was a black and white photo of a homeless girl my friend had shot a while back as part of her 'Desperate American' collection. I told her the story of the girl and how she came to that situation and the experiences my friend had had with her. Her eyes became moist and she laid her head on my shoulder as I talked. We were interrupted from our beautiful moment and realized other people were there as Jennie came to let me know my presence was requested by one of the artist. I mingled as Jennie chatted with Annabelle, catching a glance of her every now and then, almost jealous I had to share her attention. 

As the event was in full swing people laughing and admiring the art I walked up to Annabelle and put my hand on the small of her back. She turned quickly and relaxed when her eyes met mine. 

"You must come here a lot to know everyone here and all the artist. I was beginning to think I was going to have to beg Jennie to come watch horrible movies with me later." She said with a smile that let me know she wasn't really upset. 

"Actually Max does know everyone here." Jennie chimed in then shutting her mouth when I gave her the death stare.

"Would you like to get out of here, and go watch horrible movies (horrible movies was an inside joke of ours, making fun of the movies the cable companies felt worthy of rotation) at my place." I asked giving Jennie a side look ensuring she let Annabelle decide for herself.

"Yeah that would be great, but I hate for you to miss the party. They say the owner went all out on this tonight."

"I'm sure. Why don't we head out and get started on our way home." She grabbed my hand and smiled. I am starting to love how she never ceases to amaze me. If she is doesn't want us to happen she sure is sending the wrong signals. I kiss Jennie's cheek and thank her for everything as we head out the door. My bike is parked out front, we put on our helmets and just as I think I am free and clear, Betty runs out the door wanting to know where I am going and what was she to do if food or alcohol run low. I just yell for her to handle it and start the engine before Annabelle can ask any questions. Betty is a wonderful girl and a great employee, but she is a lot prettier than smart.

As we pull up to the cabin Mud hears the bike pulling into the garage and comes running up. 

"This is the cabin in the photo and that's the dog. Why didn't you tell me you were one of the artist? And wow you must make a good living at it." She asked looking around at the property. 

"I do ok." The only answer I offered while unlocking the door and showing Mud a little attention.

"Is that why the girl was asking you what she should do, because you had an exhibit there tonight." So she had heard her, I was hoping since her helmet was on that she hadn't. Directing her to the couch I figured it was time to come clean.

"I need to tell you some things. That was my exhibit but she was asking what to do because I own the gallery. My parents loved the arts any type but blown glass was their favorite. When I was fourteen they got killed in a car accident on the way to pick me up from a friends house, and as I got older I thought there was no better way to honor them than to bring their art to that part of town where I grew up. When I bought the place it was an abandoned warehouse, nothing around it. So some of my friends and I did as much of the reconstruction as we could then I took the last of the insurance money and had a professional finish it. Luckily they also left me with this place, our vacation home from when I was a kid, and a house in the city. It was too painful to be at the house in the city so I sold it and lived off of that while I got the gallery up and going. But I could never part with this place too many good memories and Mud loves it here."

"Why didn't you tell me, and why would you leave your own party to come watch movies with me?" Her eyes moist with tears from hearing my sad story.

"There is no place I would rather be than right here with you right now." I was honest. I had no problem leaving everyone there and coming home early as long as she was by my side. I leaned in to give her a hug and Mud started whining, jealous dog. 

"I guess he is hungry can I make you anything I didn't see you eat much there." I asked trying to shift the mood, the last thing I wanted was for her to start pitying me.

"I am starved, what are you offering." She said with what I could have swore was a mischievous smirk. 

I told her I was sure we could find something and led her to the kitchen. Pulling out two beers from the fridge she looked at me questioningly.

"Does a cab service come all the way out here?" She asked as I opened mine and took a healthy swallow.

"Nope, I thought maybe you could use a another good nights sleep. Or if you would like the keys to any of my cars are right there feel free and I will pick it up tomorrow, but for now lets just enjoy each others company and watch some movies." She nodded and started sipping her beer, she had nothing to worry about I still wasn't comfortable being drunk around her. I knew I wouldn't be able to contain myself, it was hard enough sober. But I was curious how she would feel about spending the night. She seemed to like the idea as far as I could tell. 

I made her dinner and we chatted. Talking and rambling like we had know each other for years. I would often get lost in her beauty and stare as her perfect pink lips let words flow past. She interrupted my day dreams of making her mine with a giggle. Stating it was starting to get late and we should probably start the movie, I stopped her as she went to turn on the tv. 

"I need to know before we start the movie, are you staying the night."

"I would like to, if that's ok. I just feel more like me when I am with you, I'm not someone's ex-wife or somebody's daughter. I'm just Annabelle and I am happier than I have ever been when you are with me." That was exactly what I wanted to hear and it took everything I had to maintain my last shred of self discipline.

"Good, I am very happy that you enjoy my company as much as I do yours. You have a couple options you may sleep on the couch, take your pick of the spare bedrooms. Or you can come lay with me in my bed and I will wrap my arms around you and make sure that you sleep peacefully thru the night." Her eyebrows raised as she pondered her options. I could literally see the confusion on her face and the internal struggle with what she looked like she wanted to and what she was scared to do. When I could bare it no more I stepped closer to her closing the gap between us. I reached my hands to her face caressing her cheek with the pad of my thumb.

"I don't want to do anything your not comfortable with, I like you and I would like to be a part of your life. At whatever degree you see fit." She seemed to relax a bit at the softness of my words. That was the effect I was hoping for. She simply smiled at me and laid her head on my shoulder and wrapped her arms around my neck. I felt it was my move but I knew it was a crucial one and had to be done just right to avoid her withdrawing completely. So I decided to go for the slow and smooth approach. 

"Why don't we start the movie, we don't need to figure out everything in one night." The whole time I could barely get my voice above a whisper enjoying the feel of my hands sliding up and down her back while she embraced me. 

As we lie there watching yet another movie I couldn't tell you the name of it or what was going on. All I knew was her body had shifted downward and her head was in my lap, with my arm thrown across her. The slow pattern of breathing hinted that she had drifted off into a peaceful slumber, I turned off the tv and slowly went to wake her by brushing the strands of hair from her beautiful face. She stirred slightly but showed no signs of life. I eased my body from under her wrapped her in a blanket and went to turn off the lights when I heard her call my name.

"Are you leaving?" she said softly in that half asleep voice.

I knelt down in front of her and continued lightly stoking her face and arms.

"No baby, It is late and you fell asleep. I was just going to bed, get some rest and I will see you in the morning." As I turned to walk away I felt her hand grab mine and my heart stopped.

"Max, will you hold me, please." she asked as it almost hurt to speak.

I never spoke just simply pulled her to her feet and guided her to my room. I grabbed her a long t-shirt to sleep in and went to the bathroom to get ready for bed while she changed. As I walked back into my room the view almost took my breath, here was the girl of my dreams in my shirt about to lay in my bed. My breathing was ragged and I was hoping she couldn't tell. I laid on the bed and motioned for her to come over and within seconds her head was on my chest and she was at peace once again. After countless hours of staring at the ceiling and struggling with my self control I finally drifted off only to wake alone.

I walked into the kitchen to find her standing there still in my shirt making coffee and relief flooded my body. I slid in behind her wrapping my arms around her waist and kissed her cheek good morning. 

"Hey you, I was beginning to think you were going to sleep all day." she said with the brightest smile I have ever seen.

"Well I was sleeping so good until I felt you were gone, what time is it anyway?"

"It's almost noon."

"Oh no, I have a meeting at one, I have to get showered and over to the gallery as quickly as possible. I will use the outdoor shower if you want to use the master bath. I can drop you off on my way into town if you would like. But I would like very much to pick you up on my way back and take you to dinner, if that's ok." I hurriedly got my stuff together and we were out the door in record time. I wish I could call off the meeting but it was with one of the biggest art dealers in the city. I dropped her off and made plans to pick her up in couple hours. The meeting ran long and I was drained by the time it was over. 

"We don't have to go out you know I could make you something here while you relax and take it easy for a while." She is almost too perfect.

"I would love that but do you think we could do that at my place, I really haven't been home much lately and Mud is starting to forget my face."

So we were off to my house and much to my pleasure she brought an overnight bag 'just in case'. 

*****

So the next couple months went by and that was our routine. I was falling head over heals for this girl and she was using me as her human body pillow. As she liked to put it. I didn't have any complaints that meant for as long as she slept she was in my arms and safe from the world. She was all mine for as long as the moon shone. Till one day. 

*****

"Max, Max wake up, Mud is going crazy its midnight and he is barking his head off." She woke me out of a very nice dream where all my dreams were coming true. I got out of bed a bit embarrassed at the light sweat that was covering my body as the visions of things I can only do to her in my dreams still clouded my head.

I went to the living room to see what all the fuss was when I found Mud by the door going crazy. "Mud come on boy, calm down, what is it?" as I patted his head he slowly backed up still huffing. I opened the door to find Lane standing on the other side before I could ask what she was doing she fell into me and her lips crashed against mine.

"Lane, what the hell? What are you doing here it is midnight and you know better than to come out here without calling."

"Max, is everything okay?" oh shit Annabelle.

"Who is that and why don't you send her home so we can catch up and make up for you ditching me these past couple months." The sound of lust in her voice was almost enough to break my self restraint. But before I could answer wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into the most passionate kiss my lips had seen in months.

"Max, what's going on out here." Annabelle looked at me like I had kicked her puppy. The look on her face had me instantly speechless. It was the same look I had seen when Lane kissed me at the gallery, was it jealousy or betrayal. Did she have more feelings for me than she was willing to admit? I pushed Lane off of me and removed her wandering hands from my body as I turned her to the door explaining that I really needed her to leave and I would call to check on her tomorrow when things calm down. As I watched her pull out the driveway I made my way back to the bedroom to find Annabelle packing her stuff up. 

"What are you doing, where are you going." I wanted to beg her to stop, beg her to stay but I had to know why she wanted to leave.

"I am obviously in your way. I thinks it would be best if we started spending some time apart. I can't keep asking you to put your life on hold for me. What we are doing here isn't fair to either of us. And I won't keep doing this to you or to myself." Her eyes were filled with tears and her hands shaking. I moved to wrap my arms around her and she pulled away from me.

"Annabelle, tell me what you felt when you saw her kiss me?" I had to know before she walked out that door if there was any point in me chasing her.

"Annabelle if you can tell me that these last couple months have just been about you needing a bedfellow, someone to just hold you at night I will let you walk out that door and not bother you until you see fit. But if you can't honestly tell me you don't feel a slight hint for me of what I feel for you then stay and lets work this out." Her tears were coming in a steady stream and she refused to look me in the eye. I hooked my finger under her chin and bent my neck to connect her lips with mine. At that very moment I heard a moan escape her lips and she melted in my arms. I slowly moved her over to the bed laying her body gently against the mattress. 

"Annabelle if this isn't what you want please tell me now while I am still able to control myself." With that she lifted her head off the pillow to meet my lips with hers and fireworks went off in my body as I trailed kisses down her cheek to her jaw, nibbling on her ear and down her neck. I slowly lifted her upper body to slide her night shirt over her head and began my attack planting gentle yet deliberate kisses down her chest avoiding her nipples as I made my way down her abdomen. Her hips started to rise and fall in anticipation but I was not done with my worship of the body I have longed for all this time. I made my way back up her chest drawing a nipple in my mouth running my tongue slightly over the edge as I sucked forcefully. This drawled a profanity from the lips I have spent many nights dreaming of. I let my right hand lay lazily on her thigh rubbing her flawless skin with my fingertips. She had erupted into a series of moans and whimpers of inpatients searching for the release she had denied me of for months. As I eased my finger tips up her leg I gently brushed my lips gently across hers. I ran my fingers over the top of her shaven mound and with that she increased the passion, the need of the kiss. 
