 Lady Lovers 

Anne learns to share love and lust with a woman

Anne dropped into Opra Bistro late one morning her arms laden with fresh vegetables and herbs. Since she and her partner Dan had begun their "lusty friendship" with the new part owner John, Anne would often drop in with home grown organic garden produce. She would exchange them for the Bistro's heavenly Tapas. 

Walking through the open back door into the kitchen she spied Grace, the pretty late 30's something waitress, polishing glasses and stacking them on trays under the bench. Grace did not notice Anne as engrossed in her work bent down to place a glass in the rack. When she did, the short tight jersey shirt she was wearing rode up her thigh and over the curve of her tight rounded arse. Wearing only a G string, the curves of her brown cheeks were amply displayed. Anne had seen Grace in her leotards as they both attended the same gym, but seeing the exposed flesh in a working environment was somehow different and erotic.

Anne turned to the sink and placed the vegetables on the draining board. 

Startled by the noise, Grace stood up and turned, unaware that she had provided Anne with a peek at her rounded ass and taut thighs. 

"Thanks Anne they look great, we will be able to make the lime and mint dressing for the Tapas. We don't have anything to give you now, but Chef is making some Tapas for tomorrow and I will bring some up this afternoon when I am on my way home. I am just in for the morning to do some catch up work on my day off." 

Standing and facing her, Anne could see that Grace was wearing a short string top that left her navel exposed . Her tanned breasts swung free beneath the material and her nipples were pushing out the light jersey into little peaks. 

"Good" said Anne, wishing she were that young again. "I will see you about two."

Returning home, Anne made a tossed salad with light dressing; poured a glass of Chenin Blanc and sat on the couch to read and listen to soft rock on the sound system. 

By the time Grace arrived, Anne had cleared the dishes and was sitting watching a romantic DVD on the widescreen TV, a second glass of wine in hand.

"Here Grace have a glass of wine and tell me about your day." 

Taking the Tapas Grace had brought, she stored them in the refrigerator and poured Grace a glass. They both sat down on the couch side by side and Grace filled Anne in on the news of the day from the village. 

Looking up Grace noticed the movie. "I haven't seen that for such a long time."

"Have another glass of wine. I will restart the movie, we can watch it all the way through" said Anne.

With a full glass, Grace settled down and they both began to watch the movie.

Half an hour later, Grace began to yawn. "I'm sorry." she said, "We have just been working such long hours at the Bistro and as you could see, I was working on my day off. At least I don't have to go in till 10 tomorrow."

"Don't worry" said Anne pulling a cushion down to her lap. "Lay your head here and if you drift off, we can watch what you missed when you awake." 

Grace smiled in assent and without a sign of embarrassment, snuggled down on the cushion. Her soft brown hair brushed Anne's thighs as she stretched her legs along the sofa. 

The movie rolled on and soon Grace's steady breathing signified she was deep asleep. Anne looked down and brushed Grace's hair back from her face. She looked along her body, noting that her skirt had ridden high up on her hip exposing her arse cheeks. The fine lace of her G string framed the curves. The thin strap of her top had slipped from her shoulder allowing the top to fall free, exposing the dark brown aureole and puckered nub of her nipple.

Anne resumed watching the movie as it moved into an erotic sex scene. The actors were indulging in sensual, slow, lovemaking on the balcony of an apartment overlooking the lakes of Northern Italy. Anne felt a warm tingle, remembering a previous lover and the time they had made love in a similar fashion. Unconsciously, her hand reached down and began caressing Grace's exposed breast and nipple.

Anne quickly realized it was not her flesh she was caressing (for often she would caress herself while watching erotic scenes in movies) and feeling embarrassed, stopped and looked down. Grace was still sleeping, breathing easily, but the only difference was a relaxed smile on her face. 

'What the heck,' thought Anne as she resumed the stroking. 'Grace doesn't seem to be waking and it feels good to be caressing this firm breast, while watching the actors make love.'

As she continued stroking, she could feel the nipple become turgid and the bumps in the aureole becoming erect. Grace did not seem to be reacting so Anne reached under her own top with her left hand and began squeezing her right breast as she absorbed the lust shown on the screen.

Grace stirred without opening her eyes, reaching down between her legs, parting her thighs and cupping her barely covered pussy with her hand. Anne watched as Grace did not seem to be waking, but was reacting to the stimulation of her breast by becoming unconsciously aroused. Anne kept stroking, tracing circles around the aureole and across the nipple wondering what would happen next. She had never done this to a woman before and had never intended to do this to her friend Grace; it had just happened. Maybe the sight of her bottom and free swinging breasts earlier had stirred the lust in Anne.

After a few minutes, Grace began to stir. Still asleep and breathing evenly, she rolled on her back, her legs falling open. Her hand stayed cradling her satin and lace covered pussy. She moaned and her hand began to move gently, caressing her mound and tracing her labia's with her fingers. 

Anne watched her hand at work. She noticed that in rolling over, Grace's top had lifted up under her armpits exposing both breasts; the left nipple erect and the right soft and slumped.

Anne moved her left hand from where she had been fondling her breast and covered the newly exposed right breast of Grace. Slowly kneading and stroking, she brought the breast to the same state of excitement as the left.

Grace moaned; Anne stopped stroking; resting her hands on those lovely breasts. Grace shifted her G string aside and began running two fingers along her labia. Anne watched in awe as she had never seen another woman's body being aroused and she felt it a joy to watch. 

Beneath the soft down of her trimmed pubic hairs, Anne could see the soft tip of Grace's clitoris rise up from under the hood as Grace's fingers continued stroking her labia. Anne could feel the tremor course through Grace's body as Grace touched the tip of her clitorus. Anne felt Grace's head move as her eyes fluttered open.

"What a wonderful dream" said Grace as she lay there eyes opening fully as she moved from sleep to a drowsy awake. "I was listening to the movie and it seemed to go into my subconsious and I felt so sexy. Whatever is happening I dont want it to stop."

Anne looked down at her hands still resting on Grace's breasts and said, "The movie got to me too and as I went to feel myself my hands found your breasts instead. You didn't wake and seemed to be enjoying it, so I didn't stop."

"I must have loved it, thank you" said Grace, as she moved her hand over her swollen sex, languidly dipping her fingers into the now glistening slit. "I sometimes do this in my sleep and when I awake I finish myself off."

Anne could see herself on the horns of a dilemma. She could stop and let Grace go home and risk embarrassing her, or, she could relax as they were and let Grace fix her aroused state as she obviously knew how.

"Finish yourself Grace, I shouldn't have got you in this state and I feel you should not be interrupted" said Anne. 

"What would you like me to do? I have never been with a woman before."

"Exactly what you were doing, don't be embarrassed" said Grace. "Play with my tits while I whip the cream that is gathering in my pussy." 

Grace moved her hand down and slipped two fingers into her hole and spread the cream along the length of her pussy and over her clit. Reaching up she rubbed the remainder on her nipples. "There, it won't be so rough now", she said.

Anne leaned down and kissed Grace on the lips. "Thank you for allowing me to share your fun, Let me get my top off and remove your skirt and panties. We don't have to be uncomfortable and Dan is not due home till after seven." 

Without shifting off the couch, Anne unbuttoned her blouse and slipped her bra over her head; letting her ample globes fall free and rest on Grace's shoulder. Reaching across, she pulled Grace's light top over her head and slipped her skirt and by now, soaking thong, over her ankles; placing them on the back of the couch.

Grace sighed and settled herself on the couch, her head still resting on Anne's lap. Her head turned and nuzzled Anne's boobs and kissed them. "Thank you friend, let me show you what I do when I am hot and bothered and need to work hard to relax." 

With that, Grace placed her hand over her pussy and began to rub herself in a circular motion and at the same time, lifting her legs and pulling her ankles up so that her knees fell apart and exposed the maximum area of her pussy.

Anne started back, working Grace's breasts, smearing the pussy cream over the nipples and down the sides. Anne's breasts swung in time with the rhythm and in brushing Grace's breasts, also became coated in the pussy juice. Anne could feel her cunt getting warm and she wriggled to settle herself. 

Grace looked up and gave a knowing smile.

Meanwhile, Grace had formed a three fingered spear and was plunging it in and out of her pink vagina. Lifting her hips to meet the thrusts, the squelch she made as the fingers hit home was the only sound to be heard as both ladies carried on with their 'tasks.'

Anne picked up her left breast and rubbed it over Grace's boobs. She could feel her soft nipple harden as it rolled over Grace's taut nipples and crinkly brown aureoles. She could feel her boobs begin to dry off as the pussy juice was spread far and wide over both sets of breasts. 

"Can I have some more cream up here please" said Anne as she continued rolling her breasts across Graces tits.

"Get it yourself there is plenty there", said Grace with a wink.

Anne, rising to the bait, lifted her hand and between thrusts of Grace's fingers, placed her fingers inside the pussy of another woman for the first time. . 

It felt fine. It felt like it was a normal thing to do, as she dug deep and wriggled her fingers collecting the cream to bring back to their needy breasts. 

Grace reached down and grasped Anne's wrist and pushed her hand into her cunt hole. 

Anne felt the walls stretch and close around her hand as Grace held her there while she squeezed back with her vaginal walls. 

Anne felt a spurt and, as Grace relaxed, Anne was able to cup her hand and bring forth half a handful of silky cream.

She coated her breasts and lowered them back on to Grace's beckoning bosoms. Grace moaned and wriggled as Anne's slick breasts excited the nerve endings on the nipples. Grace commenced vigorously rubbing her clit with her two middle fingers; dipping them occasionally into her cunt as she felt the need for lubrication.

Anne, her hand still slippery with Grace's pussy cream, lifted a finger to her mouth and tasted. It was not unlike her own, a bit thicker perhaps and a little saltier. 

Grace looked up and nodded. Anne slipped her remaining fingers into Grace's mouth and allowed the lusty woman to suck her fingers clean. 

Grace reached up pulled Anne's head down and kissed her long and deep. Their mouths tasted the same as their tongues locked, they continued till they ran out of breath. 

Anne breathed deep and lay back against the back of the couch, her own pussy was a volcano with the walls pulsing and cream leaking along her thighs. Her clit was crying out for relief as she squirmed and rolled her hips almost dislodging Grace's head. 

Grace looked up and said, "Keep it hot Anne, I will fix it in a minute." Grace began to work towards her orgasm in earnest, alternating with dipping and twisting her fingers in her swollen cunt and rubbing her clit in a hard circular motion.

With her left hand, Grace grasped her left tit, thrust it towards Anne's face. "Suck it you hot slut!" She moaned as her hips began to buck with contractions of her approaching orgasm. 

Anne leaned down and took the offered nipple in her mouth. She clamped down and sucked hard drawing the nipple almost down her throat. Never having done this before, she relied on her instinct and knowledge of what was needed to please herself in the same situation. 

Grace grunted loud and hard; her hips thrust up till she was almost vertical and her fingers flicked her clit with blinding speed. Anne kept sucking on the nipple while squeezing the left breast with both hands. Grace squealed and her hips began to tremble as her hands shook free and she fell back towards the couch. A squirt of juice erupted from her pulsing cunt and flew down towards her knees.

Anne, amazed, reached down and caught the second and third squirts, intrigued that such a powerful orgasm could issue from this petite woman. She rubbed the juice over Grace's torso and watched it glisten in the afternoon light, easing back from Grace, watching her relax, as the trembling in her thighs stopped.

Anne leaned forward and smeared her breasts across Grace's chest and kissed her full on her lips. 

"Thank you, thank you", she said. "It was a privilege to watch you work if that's what you could call it. I have never had an orgasm that powerful."

Grace regained her breath and with a quiet smile said. "I have had to work at it and eventually perfected the moves that gave me maximum relief." " Five man free years since my divorce gave me time to work on myself and with the help of a few lady friends, allowed me to become a true Bi, comfortable with my ability to please either sex."

Grace sat up and moved in front of Anne. "Here lover, let me introduce you to the ways women have of knowing where to go and what to do, They have the same feelings and nerve endings that few men know how to excite and carry through to exquisite relief." 

Anne rested back against the couch and Grace gently unclipped and removed her slacks and panties. Her pliant breasts, already disrobed and glistening with Grace's pussy juices, hung down towards her waist. Grace knelt down between Anne's legs, raised her mouth to the soft nipples and began to lick and suck them.

Gently, gently she lapped the skin, cleaning away the remnants of the pussy cream, leaving the skin shiny and soft. Anne couldn't feel more aroused or relaxed and trusting as she was groomed by Grace's tongue.

Grace's lips moved to her nipple and a gentle sucking and tongue flicking enticed a start of feeling and growth as the nipples slowly expanded. They felt like they were glowing. 

Grace's hands, never still, roamed around Anne's torso gently coaxing and tickling; pulling feelings up to the skin as her fingers always trailed off towards Anne's groin never touching her pussy, but leading those feelings down towards that by now bubbling cauldron.

Grace moved up, kissed Anne and slowly trailed her tongue between her breasts, down her tummy and settled just above her bush. Grace lifted Anne's thighs placing them over her shoulders, as she leaned down and with the point of her tongue just touched Anne's clit. 

Electricity coursed through Anne's body seeming to shoot up her backbone and back to her clit following the lines of excitement that Grace had built with her tongue. Anne's nipples seemed to shoot sparks so intense was the current. Never had one touch on any part of her body brought forward such a reaction. She was immediately set on a higher plane of consciousness and seemed to float away from her body to become an observer in the air above.

Grace bent to her task with a will and began to lap along Anne's thighs nibbling with her teeth; bringing feelings and tingles to the surface. She licked and kissed her way back to Anne's pussy. Using her thumbs she parted the labia and slowly licked it from the pudenda, over her vagina and urethra to finish just below her clit. Grace finished the move with a strong upward lap of her flattened tongue. 

Anne felt her clit twang and again the jolt of pleasure flowed around her body in a circle to re-concentrate in her clit. From her place above, Anne watched her body convulse so strongly it nearly threw Grace to the floor.

Grace now moved in with a will, concentrating her work on the valley of Anne's now glowing pussy. Fingers and tongue went to work. Her cunt was violated first by two, then three fingers thrusting in and then twisting reaching up for her G spot. When she felt the roughened area deep on the front of Anne's cunt, Grace hooked her fingers and pressed up towards Anne's clit. 

Anne's legs clamped around Grace's head and she let forth a moan of pleasure. Grace used her free hand to roll her thumb over Anne's clit, eliciting shock after shock and sending them coursing through her body and legs. The double shocks from the G spot and her clit sent Anne over the top and she rolled into her usual full body orgasm, shaking and pulsing for a full five minutes.

Grace stood back in awe then moved in to cuddle Anne as she rocked and rolled on the couch. "Amazing" Grace panted, exhausted from the convulsion that threw her to the floor as Anne had exploded into her orgasm. "Now we have something we can teach each other."

The two women rose from the couch and embraced naked bodies twining in the middle of the lounge room. They vowed eternal friendship. 

Each knew that they had much to learn from the other to their mutual, sensual and erotic benefit. 

Chuckling they moved to gather their clothes and the blanket from the couch and went to shower. Later, champagne in hand, they walked to the Spa to relax and plan their sensual future.

To be continued