 "Ok kids, have a good day at school, see you at home" she said as they walked sleepily out of the door

Annie was saying goodbye to her two kids and thinking about all the things she had to do for the day, but first she must get dressed and get to work before she was late...again!

She made it to the supermarket where she had a part time job on the checkouts just in time for swiping in before the boss noticed the time.

Four hours of being polite and keeping the customers happy before she had her long awaited afternoon off and today she was going to treat herself to a bit of relaxation and tranquillity sunbathing at her favourite spot in the woods.

The morning dragged and Annie day dreamed as she scanned the items through the scanner being polite but not really there.

1 o'clock came and she was still on the till with a huge trolley of food and nobody to relieve her in sight!

She eventually got finished and went upstairs to change out of her uniform ready for her afternoon in the sun.

She left the store and headed for the car quickly, resenting the wasted time she had endured unpaid and unthanked.

It was only a ten minute drive from work to the woods and she was already looking forward to relaxing with her book and some wine along with a few nibbles she had brought from home for the afternoon.

It was a glorious afternoon and the sun was hot coming through the car windows. She opened them and the sunroof to let some fresh air through the car and it felt refreshing as it swept over her bare arms and through her long flowing hair.

She parked at the side of the road and headed into the woods through the small opening in the hedgerow which she had found by accident the year before whilst picking berries. Carefully Annie picked her way through the foliage to the glade which was sunlit and warm unlike the dense covering of the surrounding trees.

She laid out her towel in the centre of the small clearing and started to undress, she felt naughty as she stripped off her dress knowing that her husband was working and unaware of her secret goings on. Slowly she reached behind her and released the clasp on her bra letting her luscious orbs free before sliding her knickers down and stepping out of them placing them with the rest of her clothes in a neat pile. 

She stretched her arms high above her head, feeling the rays falling upon her body and luxuriating in the warmth of the sun then reached down for the suntan lotion which she slowly rubbed over her body and feeling her nipples stiffen as she massaged them between her fingers.

She sat down on her towel and poured herself a glass of wine which was still chilled thanks to the generosity of the butcher at work who kept it in his fridge meat room fridge at work. She wondered what he would say if he could see her now!

She lay down and reached for her book which she had bought impulsively the day before in the local market. It was a tale of betrayal and deceit by a wife and her lover, very graphic and slightly obscene with references to oral and penetrative sex using toys.

As Annie took in the words she imagined that she were the woman in the book who had been seduced by her boss and taken over his desk roughly before being made to suck him while he e-mailed clients and she felt horny thinking about what would follow on the next few pages.

She was awoken from her thoughts by the sound of her mobile phone telling her she had a text. She reached over to her bag and picked out the phone, it was from her husband saying that he was going to be late this evening as he on an emergency job and probably wouldn't be home before 8pm. She replied that it was ok as she was busy and would have his dinner ready when he was back. Just as she was putting her phone back in her bag it sounded again with another text, she wondered what he wanted now as she wanted to get back to her book. It was not from him though but an unidentified number and all it said was, "hi, hope you are having a good day."

She sat up and re-read the message and the number which she didn't recognise. Who was it from she thought, and more importantly, should she reply? She did saying "yes having a lovely time thanks, by the way, who are you?"

She was just settling back to her book when the phone went again, it was the mystery number and it was a message saying " I am bored and thought I would text a random number and see if anyone replied!" it was signed Sam xx

Ok another freak she decided, chuckling to herself thinking about the fact that she was stark naked in the middle of the woods and feeling if only the mystery sender could see her luxuriating in the warmth of the sun. She reached over and put the phone back in her bag and lay down again feeling the heat on her body, knowing that her book was calling her and she was eager to find out what was going to happen next and whether the woman in the book would be found out.

She sat up and took a drink of wine before re-applying more lotion to her glowing body, this time taking more time with her nipples, tweaking them between her fingers and feeling them grow she also took delight in stroking her clitoris as she rubbed the soothing cream into her pussy. 

Annie lay back down and thought to herself about the woman in the book. As she did so she let her hand slip down between her thighs slowly stroking her hardening button and her increasing damp slit. The familiar tingling in her abdomen was a reminder of how horny she was, and the damp bare flesh of her pussy was also beginning to respond to her caressing fingers. She slipped a finger inside herself feeling how wet she was before taking it up to her mouth and savouring the delicate taste of her own juices.

Just as she was slipping her finger in again her phone went again and she wondered whether to ignore it but it might be one of the kids or the school and she stopped playing to reach for her phone.

It was the mystery man again asking for a picture of her. She looked at the phone and had a naughty thought, what if she should take a picture on her phone and send it to him? And she felt very horny at the thought of a stranger being able to see her naked in the outdoor sunlight. She pondered if she was being like the woman in the book with her boss but then reasoned that it was only a bit of fun and he would never see her in real life. She reached out with her phone and snapped a picture then quickly deleted it because it showed her face and she knew that would not be a good image to send across the airwaves. The next one she took was of her very hard right nipple. She felt quite proud of it and, butterflies in her tummy she pressed the send button and wondered what sort of reply she would get. She wished she had asked for a picture of him in reply but satisfied herself in the knowledge that he would probably be wanking as she thought.

It was not long before she had a reply and it was a picture message from Sam.

The interesting thing was that Sam had very a very similar body to hers; it was an equally hard nipple! Her pulse raced as she thought about the fact that she had just sent a picture to another woman of her right tit and got one back. There was also a message with the picture which read " fab boob, I hope you have a matching pair, I would love to lick an suck them" xx

Annie was already horny and the picture she had just received did nothing to dull that feeling and her hand reached down to her swollen clit and rubbed it gently. She lay back on the towel and slipped a couple of fingers into her sopping pussy and rubbing her bud at the same time. Again she thought I wonder what she is doing at the same time and decided to see what sort of picture she would take next for her mystery friend. This time she pointed the camera at her shaven pussy and snapped a picture. She impressed herself with the clarity of the photograph showing her swollen lips and it even showed her glistening wetness. She sent it quickly, shaking at what she was doing with a complete stranger in the middle of the woods. 

There was no need for her book now as she was imagining her new friend looking at her picture, a picture of her pussy that only her husband ever saw. Her fingers raced down to her wetness to caress her clit and she knew it would not take long for her orgasm to reach its height. 

Her fingers rubbed frantically between her legs and she could feel that she was very close to cuming. She continued, fingering her pussy and teasing her hard nub and then she started to shudder as a wave of pleasure spread through her whole body and she held her fingers tight against her flesh which was soaking and pulsating under her touch. 

She lay, her breathing hurried, her heart beating and began to slowly come down from the high that she had just felt whilst taking her fingers into her mouth once more and tasting the sweet juice from her pussy.

The phone went again; it was Sam with a video message. She opened the message wondering what she would get. This time she felt a wave of panic at the scene before her. It was of a woman lying on her back with her fingers between her legs clearly fingering herself; it was Annie in the woods!

She jumped up and reached for her clothes knowing that she was being watched by someone. Quickly she put on her dress and stuffed her underwear into her bag. She grabbed her things and ran across the clearing towards the safety of her car. She was breathless when she reached her parking spot but noticed a note on her windscreen which she snatched and jumped into the car locking the door despite the heat. 

Her breathing was hurried and she fumbled with the keys, dropping them into the footwell and cursing "oh fuck". She managed to get them and start the car racing for the safety of home. As she drove she looked at the note that she had picked up. "Thank you sweetie, Sam xx" was all it said.