 I originally intended Annie and Sophie to be a one-shot as I am currently working on a different project. But a singular feedback message rekindled my interest and I wrote this little piece out. This is dedicated to that anonymous feedback person. Hope you (all) like it...



When they got back home, Annie couldn't look at Sophie the same way she used to. Every time she looked at her, memories of that night came fluttering back into her mind.

She remembered the way they kissed, as she traced her hands down her sister's body towards her heated centre. She wondered how she had let go of her inhibitions to get to this stage of treating her like she was Melissa. Yet Sophie's body responded so well to her touch... Her body arched and undulated as she ate her out. She found herself wanting to taste every little bit of her. She went up and took her breasts in her mouth tracing her fingers back down to where her mouth had been.

"Ah! Ahh!!"

"Don't be so loud, Sophie."

"I...can't help it... Oh god..."

Annie went up to her and kissed her on the lips, just to shut her up. That deep feeling of immorality welled up in her as she did, but it felt so good. Sophie enjoyed it immensely, pulling her in as she deepened the kiss. Annie finally summoned the strength to pull away, sliding back down to finish the job... 

"Why are you staring at me?"

"I... I wasn't..." Annie turned to face the TV, blushing slightly.

"If you say so... Anyway I'm off to Andy's."

"Alright."

"Make sure I don't get demoted."

"Sure thing." Sophie was three ranks maximum ranking in Call of Duty. Her phone rang, distracting her a bit and she got killed. It was Melissa.

"Hi!!"

"Hey, Melissa."

"What's wrong?"

"I just got killed."

"Sorry. I missed you."

"You have no idea."

"Let's get some ice-cream."

"Sure."

"I'll pick you up."

"Okay."

Melissa showed up in half an hour. She found Annie in her room, just finishing up. Annie hadn't noticed her.

As Annie straightened up to adjust her skirt, she felt two hands at her breasts, cupping them in a gentle grasp.

"Hi." Melissa said as she kissed her neck softly.

"Hi." Annie reached around, pulling her in as Melissa's touches became less subtle.

"I missed you so much." Melissa's hand traced nefariously downwards but Annie held her hand.

"Later."

"Okay." Melissa said as she reluctantly withdrew. "I just want us to have some time out together. You know."

"Sure. Later, Melissa."

"I like the sound of that."

"I saw the video."

"Oh, that one. Did you enjoy it?" Melissa asked as she had some ice-cream.

"Yeah." 

"What's wrong?"

"What do you mean?"

"You don't seem...yourself."

"Sophie told me what happened between you two."

Melissa was dumbfounded. She was mostly miffed by Sophie's blatant betrayal of her trust. She'd trusted Sophie not to tell her about it.

"It's okay." Annie said, trying to ease Melissa's worry. "Apparently you got your retribution for it."

"I'm sorry."

"Why didn't you tell me though?"

"I felt really guilty. Andy was there and... It was a total mess..."

"How?"

"I thought it was you..."

"I know that. And..."

"I kissed her... like really, really kissed her. With tongue and everything."

"Sophie told me it was light."

"It wasn't. And that's why I felt bad. Because it felt so good."

"How did Andy react?"

"I don't know... He was shocked at first but he got used to it pretty quickly."

"Understandable."

"Please forgive me..".

"Of course, I forgive you, Melissa. Not just for the fact that you do so much for me. But for the fact that I love you and I won't let anything ruin this."

"Alright. I love you too."

I."..I also have a confession to make."

Melissa watched Annie summon up her courage.

"Sophie and I..."

"What?"

Of course, Annie thought. Melissa wouldn't be able to complete that sentence. Just the thought of it was out of this world.

'Sophie and I slept together."

"So?"

"Melissa, I mean "slept" together."

Annie watched as the meaning dawned on her. Melissa stared back at her disbelievingly, but the truth of her words was right there in her eyes.

"What happened?"

"Sophie and I..."

"Exactly what happened?"

Annie could swear she heard anger in her voice. But then, she was angry at herself too.

"We... Sophie was on her PSP and I was watching your video. I was writhing around on my bed and somehow the earphones came loose. I covered up and muted the sound but I was too late. She asked me what it was and I told her. From then on we started talking about sex and orgasms and..."

"What?" Melissa's patience was getting tested.

"She told me she was horny. And I told her to literally go fuck herself, but she doesn't know how to do it... so..."

Annie looked at Melissa trying to read her feelings but failed miserably, her guilt weighed too heavily on her.

"She had seen the strap-on and she suggested I use it on her."

"What strap-on?"

"Yours. it fell down as I was unpacking earlier."

"How did it get there?"

"I don't know."

"So you used my strap-on on your sister."

"Yes..."It stung every time she even remembered it. Tears fell down her eyes.

"I don't believe this."

"I don't know what came over me."

"And you just tried to take me on a guilt trip."

"No I wasn't. I swear."

"Alright. Alright. You know, it's quite a lot to take in. No pun intended."

Annie saw what she meant, offering a small smile in response, despite herself. Melissa always tried to see the funny side to everything, attempting to alleviate the gravity of those circumstances.

"It's alright. As long as you don't do it again."

"Yes."

"And I suggest you get into serious therapy."

"Sure." Annie said, wiping her tears as she smiled. She had left out the huge chunk of the truth that made her feel so guilty. And now, even more so.

"Do you forgive me?"

"Of course... you may be a sick little pervert but I love you all the same."

"I love you too." Melissa gave her a lingering kiss as they made up

"But, just as I did you must face penance as well."

"Okay." Annie said, eagerly anticipating her 'retribution.'

"Did you enjoy it?"

"What?"

"Don't make me say it, Annie."

"A little. I kind of see why you like it."

"But you felt bad doing it."

"I felt terrible."

"Okay, here is what is going to happen: I want to watch the two of you."

"What?!"

"You heard me. I want to see exactly what happened between the two of you that night."

"Why?"

"I guess you're rubbing off on me Annie. I was thinking about it and I think it would be quite... picturesque."

"I don't know how I'll get her to agree."

"She doesn't have to. She lied to both of us... she has to pay for it."

"I'll talk to her..."

"Don't. It'll make it less exciting."

Annie told Sophie anyway. Thankfully, their parents were out of town for the week. That night, Annie snuck Melissa in, concealing her in Sophie closet. Sophie walked in a few minutes later, and lay in Sophie's bed. Annie crawled up to her and gently peeled her clothes off her.

"Are you sure about this?" Annie asked.

"Yeah. I really wanted to do this again. Here..."

Sophie took her sister's clothes off as well, fastening the strap-on for her. Annie took her down against the bed and eased it into her. Annie took her slowly, having been accustomed to the intricacies of using a strap-on. 

"Oh yes! Annie!" Sophie moaned, getting in to the groove.

Annie kept on, casting occasional glances towards the closet.

Annie soon forgot about their audience. Sophie rolled over, turning Annie on her back. Hoisting herself up into the cowgirl position, she slid back down around the dildo and started riding it like a pro. Annie was taken by how well she did it. Watching her face contort with pleasure as the dildo thrust deep into her. Annie sat up, desperately wishing it was her dick she was riding and causing Sophie this much pleasure. She held her back steady as they segued back into missionary. This time Annie thrust with much more power, causing Sophie to moan loudly in time with her wicked thrusts. Sophie pulled her in and Annie kissed with much fervor, thrusting as hard as she could...

Sophie pulled away as she screamed with ecstasy as she came, shuddering as she clung limply to Annie.

"Wow! That was intense." Sophie said as soon as she could speak.

"Yeah," Annie sighed, shocked that she was actually getting used to it.

"You know," Sophie eased onto her. "I always look forward to the time I get to take that silly thing off you."

Melissa had heard her clearly and for just a second Sophie looked towards the closet in which she hid. She knew Sophie was trying to get to her. 

"What are you saying?" Annie asked as Sophie took the strap-on off.

Sophie showed her first signs of hesitation as she leaned in to taste her sister. She had never done this before and she wondered if doing it to tease Melissa would be worth it. Casting her trepidation aside, she went at Annie just as she had done.

"Oh!" Annie couldn't help but moan at Sophie's clueless but exciting touch. "Oh yes!!"

"Annie, you taste so good." Sophie kept up her tease.

Melissa was pissed that Sophie would try to tease her like that, but she did it so well. She couldn't help herself as she watched the two sisters indulge themselves in this twisted, yet horribly exciting session of sensual gratification.

Her concentration shifted to Annie, who was now writhing against the sheets as the pleasure took over. Melissa moved her fingers harder into herself, feeling her orgasm on the horizon. As Annie's screams got to her, she let herself go as the orgasm rocked her.

She finally opened her eyes and saw that Annie was done as well, slumped out on the bed as she tried to regain herself.

Melissa finally stepped out of the closet.

"Hi. Didn't see you there."

"Hi, Sophie."

"Did you enjoy the show?"

"I did, actually." Melissa confessed.

"I thought you'd be jealous..."

"Not quite. We had an agreement. You told me you won't tell her."

"Sorry. It must have slipped when she was fucking me with your dick".

Melissa joined them on the bed, making her way slowly to Sophie.

"Is that right?"

"Yeah –"

Melissa took her lips, much to Sophie's surprise. She settled into it quickly enough, and then suddenly she couldn't get enough of her.

Melissa soon pulled away, and Sophie followed her.

"More..." Sophie said as their lips met again.

"Alright." Melissa took her back down to the bed. She slid her fingers into her and watched her writhe beneath her. She took her right to the brink and stopped.

"Get on your hands and knees."

"Okay," Sophie had lost all the edge in her voice. Melissa knew she had her.

Sophie limply got into position and Melissa fastened the strap on to herself. She went to Sophie's wet pussy, sliding her tongue in and around her.

"Oh my god!" Sophie could barely contain herself as Melissa's tongue worked wonders on her. Melissa moved up to her little puckered orifice, sliding her thumb into her pussy.

"Oh fuck." Sophie now bucked with pleasure. She felt her tongue push past and slide into her, causing her unimaginable pleasure.

Sophie reached for Melissa pulling her deeper into her, arching with pleasure. Melissa pulled away and eased the dildo into her sopping wet pussy.

"Oh yes!"

Melissa thrust her slowly, savoring her soft moans. She was rather enjoying herself, as was Sophie. She steadily increased her pace, turning Sophie's moans into profane screams. Sophie straightened up, pulling at Melissa as she thrust into her.

Sophie shuddered as she came, pulling Melissa harder into her as she screamed out in pleasure.

Melissa eased the dildo out of her and watched it drip with Sophie's juices. She had to restrain herself from putting it in her mouth.

She looked back at Sophie who was down against the bed but her knees still held her up in plain view. She was completely out of breath. Melissa guided the dildo back into her but this time in her ass.

"Melis- what are you doing? Ahh!" Sophie's scream was more from pain than pleasure. She'd always put Andy off anal sex and now Melissa was forcing it on her. And compared to a tongue, this was much, much more painful.

Melissa forced it into her although the effort required wasn't much. She wanted to punish Sophie for instigating all this. She fucked her hard and without regard.

"Please! Please!!" Sophie screamed.

Melissa didn't respond. She was having too much fun listening to Sophie beg. Sophie lay down onto the bed where Melissa relentlessly kept up her wicked thrusts going as deep as each thrust would allow.

Sophie's pain turned slowly into pleasure, though it was slightly marred by the sore feeling in her butt. It felt good all the same. The orgasm took her by surprise this time and she could hear the juices spurt from her.

Sophie lay limp, panting and sobbing, as tears left her eyes...Annie had been watching the whole time. Shocked, yet eerily excited by what she had seen, she left the room, rushing towards hers.

Melissa walked in behind her. Thankfully she had taken off the strap-on.

"How could you do that to her?"

"What? She enjoyed it, didn't she?"

"Please, I could tell your objective wasn't her pleasure."

"What was it then?"

"You were punishing her."

"I guess I was. What's wrong with that?"

"I was the one who erred, Melissa."

"Your punishment was watching her get treated like that. Don't you see?"

Annie fell silent.

"Did you really think I was so giddy and excited that you cheated on me with your sister?"

Annie looked up at her. "Please leave."

Melissa was taken aback. "What did you say?"

"Please. Leave..."

Annie watched Melissa leave, wondering whether she was going to see her again. Then her thoughts switched to Sophie, who had just undergone such a harsh treatment. She got changed and went to see how her sister was doing...

