 To Georgia, Maya always seemed like a Coldplay song. Smooth, made up of sounds both recognizable and sounds less obvious, leaving whoever heard them wondering how they were made. Of course, that was an extremely vague and simple even more confusing description of a dark haired mystery of a woman. Granted, it was about all she could gather about her. 

She'd been working as a bartender in southern Vermont for a just over a year now. She made a lot of money as a bartender, not because she was particularly good at mixing drinks or showy at all, she wasn't even that great at making conversation. She was pretty sure she owed it all to her winning cleavage and great ass.

The first time she'd ever seen the aforementioned enigma wrapped in a sexy suit was her first Friday shift during training. Fridays at the Thorn, her place of work, meant that the people who are serious about drinking were all piled in together to watch the latest games and check out the women (and men)who were just out for the occasional one night stand, or looking for a genuine connection. Maya was not one of those people. She rolled in at 9:40 something with the swagger that suggested, no, bragged, that she had already downed a few beers and was looking for something a little stronger.

Georgia remembered her friend Sarah, an acquaintance at the time, served her a shot of gin, and she waited an entire 10 minutes before downing it, and confidently walking over to woman who was clearly one of the sort looking for a "genuine connection," and leaving with her moments later - the something stronger she'd been after. 

Georgia had been so turned on by her confidence that she went home that night and thought of her as she watched porn and touched herself. 

The second time Georgia saw Maya she was off training, and it was her first weekend shift without a supervisor. The place had been packed, and Sarah left early to drive down to New York with her boyfriend. In the rush of the demand for drinks, she hadn't even noticed her walk in she turned to see who else was in need of a top off and caught the dark eyes of a stranger she'd gotten off to just a few weeks earlier and blushed. Her facial expression did not change, but somehow she looked more smug at her red cheeks. 

Georgia pushed the long piece of hair behind her ear and walked a few steps and nearer to her. "What can I get ya?" she said, trying to sound as even toned as possible.

"Beer, please," she said, surprising her with her polite manner and heavy voice. Georgia handed her a house brew and decided to herself that if she said "Get down on the floor and beg for this pussy, please," she would not think twice about doing it. Maya hummed her thanks, and Georgia added to herself she would do just about anything to hear that sound in the dark of her bedroom.

As she tended to her next customer, a very, very drunk old man who liked to make jokes about her boobs, she watched Maya survey the crowd, zero in on a woman with great legs, down her drink, and then walk over to her pick of the night, whisper a few words to her that were clearly irrefutable, and lead her out the back door to the street, where she lost sight.

Over the next few months, Georgia got over her fear of talking directly to her patrons to make conversation (including, to an extent, Maya) and learned her name, where she was from (New York, New York) and the relative time of when she moved to Winston (only a year or two before herself). 

One night, Sarah, who had at that point become her best friend, brought Georgia and her self out in search of some stiff "drinks," she said with a well-placed pause, as Sarah and her boyfriend were over. She was in need of some rebound cock. So she donned some slutty black dress and sleek smoky eyes, the perfect attraction concoction for the men looking for one-night stands. Georgia had opted for a dark blue dress and some sparkly shit for her eyes. In her experience, pussy was harder to catch, so she needed to be caught. Girls like sparkly shit. 

They agreed to stop at the Thorn for a pre-night drink to prime themselves for the nightclub Sarah was excited to go to.

They walked into the Thorn and saw Murphy working the counter and waved. Georgia looked around and caught sight of a tall-ish woman with short dark hair and a familiar swagger coming in through the back, heading towards the bar. She wore black skinny jeans and a black button-down with the sleeves rolled up. Sarah, knowing about Georgia's little obsession with the girl, pushed her towards the bar with a happy smirk. Georgia had suspected from the beginning of the night that Sarah was interested in getting more than just herself laid.

Georgia half walked half stumbled over to the bar and ordered herself a shot of whiskey. She grabbed the shot glass and put it up to her mouth.

"You work here," said a familiar voice as she was downing her shot, choking on it in the process. It was a statement, not a question. She turned towards Maya's voice and had to look up to make eye contact, as she was very close, but not close enough to be touching her. She lost her breath for a moment, but found it again and said, "Yeah, I do."

Maya was looking down into her face, focusing on her eyes intensely. She glanced behind her at Sarah and said, "Did you come with her?" Georgia turned to see, though she already knew she was looking at Sarah. Dejectedly, she turned back, nodding. But Maya was closer to her then, and she whispered into her ear, "Think she'd mind if you left with me?" 

God, that's hot, Georgia thought to herself. The woman leaning comfortably over her stared her down darkly, and Georgia let out an embarrassing throaty hum to accompany the nodding of her head, yes. 

Maya looked down at her body, clearly and unabashedly raking her with her eyes. she raised her eyebrows as her eyes traveled back up and Georgia wanted to drop her jaw (and her panties) right there. 

Maya started towards the back exit which led to an alley that hobos liked to use for much less sensual matters, but once they got out there, it seemed to Georgia like the Perfect place to bang a hot stranger. 

Before she really knew what was happening, Maya's hands had grabbed her waist and pushed her up against the brick wall of the alley. She seemed to have no air in her lungs, which was fine, because Maya's face was so close to hers that if she'd breathed she knew it would disturb the stillness that made it's sudden and unwelcome appearance. 

The tension in the air as the lean, sexy woman she barely knew groped her waist and held her lower body close to hers and her face centimeters away was so thick she was sure it was the reason she hadn't gotten her tongue down her throat yet. 

Maya moved closer with a chilly grin and played at her mouth, never quite kissing her but getting close enough to make Georgia whimper the tiniest bit. Maya's hands moved from Georgia's hips to her ass cheeks and rounded around them, pulling up the back of her dress over her ass, revealing her thong and making her gasp at the sudden coldness. Her half-lidded eyes opened. 

"What are you doing?" Georgia whispered, glancing around to make sure no peeping eyes were on them. Maya grabbed Georgia's right ass cheek in her left hand and pulled up, she shifted her weight onto her other leg and let her place her knee below her hip.

she grinned, mischievously. "Just enjoying the night." Her hand traveled up Georgia's plump thigh and then beneath the front of her dress. Georgia stared at Maya staring at her mouth, slowly moving her fingers towards her very wet vagina. She gasped softly as she touched her wetness, ran her finger up her folds, thong pushed to the side. Maya moved her face closer to hers and bit her bottom lip while she inserted one long finger into her vagina, the sheer contact alone making her moan in pleasure. 

"My god, is this what you do to every girl you snatch out of this bar?" Georgia gasped as Maya's head of dark hair started to descend along her body, stopping first at her collarbone, where she felt Maya's mouth turn up in some sort of wicked smile.

"You keeping some kind of record?" she said, so close to her that she could feel the exhalation of Maya's lungs on her skin. Maya licked her collarbone, not breaking eye contact. 

Through a heavy breath, she squeaked out, "Just wondering how dirty this wall you have me backed up against really is." Maya dropped her chin so it was level with Georgia's breasts and couldn't suppress her chuckle. She was pumping two fingers in and out of her now.

"I clean it before and after each time," she said. Maya stimulated Georgia's clit with her thumb, so Georgia didn't see Maya's interested look at her as she bit her own lip and arched her back away from the wall. Maya put her nose in between her breasts and smelled Georgia's sweat. She pumped her fingers in and out, hard, until Georgia got short in her breaths and her moans turned breathy and high pitched.

Then Maya stopped. She pulled her hand away from the dripping slit and Georgia nearly got whiplash from how fast she moved her head, trying to figure out what apocalyptic thing must be occurring for this encapsulating woman to keep her from finishing.

There was nothing. No one had come into the alley from the bar or the street, there was no yellow, 9 eyed monster with its foot poised above them. She looked to Maya, about to scream in frustration - she was so fucking close - and her mind stopped in its tracks. Maya held the fingers that had moments ago been inside Georgia up to her mouth, and Georgia watched as Maya put them into her own mouth and sucked Georgia's juices off her fingers. She wanted to cum just watching her.

Maya lent in close and kissed her, her eyes open the whole time. She sucked on her tongue and tried desperately to get some friction on herself, but Maya was unrelenting. her eyes calmly and interestedly looked at her wriggling figure. 

"For fuck's sake, why won't you finish me?" She reached for her belt buckle. "I'll return the favor she said, a sultry smile coming to her lips, but Maya calmly moved her hands away.

"Usually, my dear," she started in a husky voice, "bringing a woman to her... peak, is all I'm interested in." Maya looked down at her chest and her body, raising her eyebrows. "But, I'm wondering if you might not want to take this a little... deeper."

Georgia started nodding profusely and Maya couldn't help but let her smirk expand a little; she almost laughed. 

"Are you just gonna leave me..." Georgia started to ask. Maya let her hand stimulate her for a few more seconds, and then pull back again as she got close. Georgia was so close to screaming out of sexual frustration. But Maya held her eyes, pulled her dress back over her hips and squeezed her ass for good measure. Maya stepped away and grabbed Georgia's left hand with her right, letting her trail behind her in a pre-orgasmic haze. 

They caught a cab and Maya said something to the driver that Georgia didn't catch because she was too preoccupied on getting off that she climbed onto Maya's lap and started kissing her.

"If you don't fucking finish me right now I'll just have to do it myself," she said in between kisses and breaths. Maya chuckled darkly and relented a bit, grinding her pelvis into the wetness perched above it. Maya held her hips in place with a surprising strength as she tried desperately to grind against her, but she held her fast. 

"I'll let you in on a secret," she said. "It's gonna be a lot less frustrating for you if you stop trying to do things yourself... and let me lead." Georgia looked at her. 

"Whether that's a threat or a promise it's fucking hot. Just don't expect me to take it quietly." 

Maya's eyes glinted. Georgia reluctantly stopped squirming and Maya grasped her hips firmly, carefully rubbing her crotch slowly and steadily against her bundle of nerves. Georgia started breathing heavily again and with a mind of their own, her hips tried to speed things up. Her elbows were now on either side of Maya's head, resting against the back seat of the cab, her wrists locked behind Maya's head. Georgia's breasts were right below her chin in the cramped space. 

In a split second of lucidness she felt sorry for the cabbie. Then she thought, "Hope you enjoy it." She could feel him watching them.

Maya added a thumb to Georgia's sensitive clit and watched her face carefully. Georgia gasped and braced herself on the seat, using it as a little bit of leverage to try and get things moving faster. It even worked for a few seconds. She got a nice rock onto Maya's jeans and got a small moan to escape from Maya's throat. At this Georgia looked down with a proud and puckish smile at Maya's face, which was momentarily unmasked and filled with pleasure. 

It was short lived. Maya's moan quickly turned into a growl and she lifted Georgia's heavy hips off of her and twisted her back so it was on the seat. Georgia was frantic to find release and all but begged for Maya to let her have it. Now Maya leaned one hand onto the seat beside Georgia's head and with the other she reached over and opened the cab door. It took Georgia moment to realize that the car had stopped.

"After you."

Georgia twisted, making sure she crawled out of the car as gracefully and as tantalizingly as possible. Maya let a low growl escape from her mouth that Georgia almost didn't hear.

Georgia walked up the cement walkway and towards an apartment building. Maya was close behind after paying the old man in the front seat. Maya walked a little faster than Georgia did, mainly because she was a few inches taller in the legs. 

Maya stood beside the door for a split second as she scanned her card to open the glass doors. Feeling very angry now, that she had still not been satisfied, Georgia moved closer as Maya pulled for the doors and ran her hand over the wet part of Maya's jeans, where Georgia had gotten such a good reaction earlier. Maya gave a sudden but small intake of breath and Georgia got even more turned on when she saw the look in her eyes and her posture change. 

Maya quickly relaxed back into her predatory essence and opened the door, softly but firmly pressing Georgia through, her hand on the small of her back. Maya grabbed her wrist this time and led her into the elevator. Georgia figured she was on a roll. She turned to see how far Maya would allow her to push, but the answer was already there. The doors closed. 

Maya was suddenly pressing Georgia to the wall of the tiny elevator with her slender body. Maya was trapping her between her arms.

"Do you recall what I said in the car ride?" she asked in her low, completely sexy voice. She bit her lip, honestly trying to concentrate, but all she was thinking about was her fingers in her vagina, how good they had felt, pumping in and out of her. "I said that this was going to go a lot smoother if you let me lead." She paused here, to get closer to Georgia's ear. 

Georgia's heart was beating quickly. She had goosebumps on her skin, and she started to feel the hair on the back of her neck rise.

"Now, close your eyes." Georgia was still frozen, for just a second, then she closed her eyes. She felt this mysterious woman pull away, and then she heard a ding. The elevator started rising. She had some trouble keeping her eyes closed. 

And then she felt very firm, very strong hands on her waist, moving downwards, and then something else moving slowly upwards... Her dress. She felt lips and teeth moving against her, pulling the thong she wore down, down until it dropped against her ankles. And then the lips were back, and she almost snapped open her eyes at the immediate pleasure she felt. But she didn't. A moan, soft and heavy came from deep inside Georgia and below her, and floated up, through her flesh and out of her throat. 

And they kept coming. Softly and deeply, and as they did, the tongue that wriggled below her got more wild, and more warm, and the hands that were on her dug a little deeper into the flesh below her ass cheeks, bringing her wetness closer and closer to the source of its pleasure. 

Once again, as Georgia found herself bracing against the wall, her nails digging into anything that they could find purchase on, she felt a sudden cold absence to where there used to be a filling warmth. Her eyes shot open, the command that had been given to her all but forgotten. Maya's blue eyes were level with her own brown ones. Maya was smirking. 

"You opened your eyes," she said, daring her to say anything. Georgia's pent up sexual energy was back with a force, and she needed Maya. Georgia looked her in the eyes, put her lips very, very close to her, and said, tasting her wetness on her lips, "Fuck. Me."

The elevator dinged, and stopped. Georgia stepped out of her thong, face still terrifyingly close to Maya's, who's smile had went from playful to wicked. She pushed the blue fabric of her dress back down over her voluptuous hips, and moved around Maya's lean figure and out of the elevator.

Maya was all but grinning down, looking at her soaked thong. She thought about leaving it for some lonely sucker to enjoy, but no... those were hers now. A token. 

Georgia walked forward looking for anything she could rub off against, desperate for a release she had been waiting for for too long now. As she moved toward a wooden handle on a chair that looked promising, Maya's hand appeared at her waist and she was pulled close to her warm side. She was tempted, in her extremely horny state, to grab at her crotch again, but felt things might not be as easy as they were last time.

Maya's firm hand did not stray from Georgia's waist though it did move to expand. Georgia's body was getting very tense with threat to release. She felt she could almost cry at this point if she didn't cum. Maya guided her body towards the left where she unlocked a door, and she followed her inside, where Maya closed the door behind her. 

Georgia walked, a little unsteady in the dark hallway, and into a sparsely furnished studio apartment. White light filtered into the dark room through a white curtain on a balcony door. It was fluttering in the presence of the breeze from outside. Maya came up softly behind her, her warmth out of place in the cold room. There was a large bed at the end of it, in between a double window and the balcony doors. It was piled high with dark colored pillows and throw blankets and it was messy and unkempt, unmade.

Maya's warm hands clutched her to her body. She started walking her slowly forward, towards the bed. her long legs brushing the outside of her left leg and the inside of her right. she slowly unzipped the back of her dress as they walked, which had taken a whole five minutes to get zipped up in the first place, with Sarah trying not to break the zipper only an hour earlier. Georgia's flesh slipped deliciously out of it.

Within seconds they were standing at the edge of Maya's large resting place. And by then Georgia had calmed down a little, the room had an extremely chilling effect on her. 

She felt Maya unclasp her bra, and put her lips on the right side of Georgia's neck, bending her body forward, over Georgia's, her torso conforming, arms reaching out to brace herself on the bed, elbows bending when she didn't relent. She felt her chest move above her back and her warm crotch was pressing against her ass. Maya's arms, now free of the black shirt she'd been in moments before came around in front of Georgia and grabbed a hold of her bra, slipping it down her freckly arms, twisting her face-up in the process.

Now she was looking up at Maya, trying to hold herself up with her 4 inch heels between Maya's feet, and just barely succeeding. Maya straddled her thighs on the edge of the bed and leaned down to Georgia's breasts. Her eyes fluttered closed as her lips and her tongue feathered around her nipples, which were pert and standing at attention in the cold of the room. she moved her soft mouth around a nipple and gently coaxed a moan from Georgia's lips. Maya brought her rough hands to Georgia's bare sides which were fleshy and soft against her hands, and she brought them down, over her hips to her stomach, and between her thighs, her thumbnails brushing the edges of her pussy, which was still very wet, but now very cold.
