 We ran round the corner, holding hands as we entered the dark alley, laughing with each other. She leaned back against the wall, resting her hand on her hip as she tried to catcher her breath. I was leaning my hands on my knees, looking up at her as my breathing returned to normal, loving the way that the half light fell across her face.

Suddenly, and without giving her fair warning, I stood up in front of her and kissed her deeply, my hands resting on her hips as I lightly ran my tongue over her bottom lip. She wove her arms around my neck, playing with the skin under my hair and she returned the kiss.

Slowly, I reached down and popped open the button at the top of her pants, pulling the zip down slowly, feeling the loose material almost fall to the floor. She lifted her powerful legs up and round my waist, stopping her pants from falling down, but at the same time, they were loose enough so I could slide my hand down between us.

She had no underwear on so I softly ran my finger through the down hairs that were there, loving the way she moaned into my mouth at the contact.

I ran the tips of my fingers over her mound, never parting her lips to make her wet, just softly stroking her. She never protested to my gentle teasing because she knew that I'd touch her in those intimate places when I could feel her start to move slightly to my ministrations.

But not this time. I didn't wait, I wanted her so much. I slowly pushed my finger inside her lips, never going inside, and ran it swiftly up to her clit, putting a small amount of pressure there.

She tore her mouth from mine, her head falling back against the wall with a dull thud and I started to move my finger in a circular motion over that small bundle of nerves. Never going fast enough to make her orgasm, but never slowing down enough to take away her pleasure.

I moved off her clit and ran my finger back down to her opening, sliding first one finger, then another up inside of her, pushing my fingers in and out slightly, causing a friction that I knew would drive her wild.

I moved my other hand inside her pants, using the back of my finger to rub her clit in time with the fingers I held inside of her. 

I never closed my eyes, I was watching her, seeing the pleasure on her face at what I was causing, and that thin line of perspiration that ran down her neck and disappeared under the neck line of her top.

As I sped up my fingers, moving them swiftly through the wetness that was now covering my fingers, she opened her eyes and looked deep into mine. Her breathing was heavy and her arms tightened their hold around my neck, keeping her suspended against the wall and me.

She was moving herself up and down against my hands, her back rubbing up against the wall, and I could tell that she was close because her breath kept hitching and she was having a hard time keeping her eyes trained on me.

I leaned forward slightly, never slowing down, and whispered to her, even thought I knew that no one else would here me.

'I love you' I said to her.

Suddenly, I felt her muscles clamp down on my fingers and her body seemed to be frozen in time as I stopped the inner exploration of my hand and just used the finger on her clit to hold her on the edge as long as I could.

With one last trust inside of her, she closed her eyes and called out to me as the orgasm ran through her body, causing her muscles to pulse around my fingers and I had to press her tighter against the wall because she was shaking so badly.

Slowly, she opened her eyes, her breathing was still heavy and her eyes had a soft glazed look to them.

'I love you too.'

* * * *

I suddenly snapped back to reality to realize that I was leaning against the college bar, my drink still in my hand, from when I picked it up a few minutes ago. My friends were having an animated chat around me, but I guess they didn't miss me for the few minutes that I was gone.

I took a deep breath, placing my drink back down on the bar as I ran my other hand through my hair.

As I looked back up, I saw her then. The girl from my dreams, standing over by the main doors, talking to another girl with black hair.

She was exactly like I imagined her.

Then she looked up at me and gave me a shy smile.

I guess I was exactly like she imagined me too.