 My breathing was deep and labored as I felt her tongue and fingers roaming my most intimate places. Her tongue softly flicking over my clit and her fingers deeply within me. It was almost too much for me.

I reached down suddenly and gave her a gentle tug on her back of her neck. She looked up at me and smiled when I crooked my finger at her and told her to come up to me.

I kissed her swiftly then softly whispered into her ear what I wanted.

She leaned back and smiled at me, the dark room lightly up in that one instant.

I led back against the bed again, watching as she turned her body around and positioned herself over my face. I gently took hold of her hips and pulled her down onto my tongue, flicking her clit softly before I ran down to her lips and dipped my tongue inside.

She gasped at the contact and then lowered her head and started to lick my inner lips before dragging her tongue up to my clit.

For minutes we led there, licking each other, bringing pleasure to each other like neither of us has known before.

My orgasm suddenly ripped through my body, making me shake and shudder. But I never left her clit. I pulled it into my mouth and started sucking on it as I slide a finger inside of her and curved it round to find her g-spot, moving the tip of my digit swiftly back and forth when I did.

The room was suddenly filled with her moans as she called out to me, her hips jerking at the pleasure that swam through her.

Spent, she collapsed down on the bed next to me, her head resting on my thigh and her leg across my chest.

'I love you.' She said softly as her breathing slowed to normal.

'I love you too.' 

* * * *

I slowly came awake the next morning, expecting to feel the cramp of sexual frustration from my dreams. I never expected to see her there, leaning on one elbow as she ran her finger softly down my cheek.

'Morning' she said as I focused on her face. 

Without a word, I pulled her down to me and kissed her deeply, feeling her hair fall down from behind her ear, landing softly over the side of my face.

When we pulled apart, I had a huge smile on my face, causing her to look at me with a curious half smile on her face.

'What?'

'I guess dreams really do come true.'