 A few days later, the slut in her won over the demure spiritual Vijaya and she called Kamesh – he was waiting and the next thing – well, the elevator stopped at the fourth floor. 

Kamesh's floor, Vijaya was excited and the heart beat was beyond limits, it was several days after the evening she and Ajay had spent with Kamesh watching those dirty tapes. She hadn't stopped thinking about it since. It had been awfully dirty and awfully embarrassing, and when Kamesh had suggested that she and Ajay and even Priyamani might like to be taped in the nude and screwing. It had just been too much for her, she thought. But it had left her with a strange longing for a kind of wild sexual experience that she had never desired before. It felt as though some animal lust hidden deep inside of her had been partially released and excited by the tapes she had watched. 

She had never really desired another man before, but now she had thoughts of Kamesh and that big, monster-cock of his. She'd never been that fond of oral sex, but seeing that woman suck Kamesh's cock like that had really turned her on. She never ever had anal sex, and seeing it on the tape had given her a strange desire for it. And she had never even dreamed of the possibility of having sex with another woman – but that Shanti had been so attractive, so sexy, so exciting. She just couldn't believe the thoughts she was having, the elevator door opened and Vijaya's mouth dropped open as well when she saw who stepped in. It was Shanti! It was the same beautiful, sexy woman she had seen in those tapes the other night, masturbating and sucking and fucking and all those wonderful, wicked things. 

The sight of her brought a flush to Vijaya's face and a warm glow to her loins.

Shanti did not realize at first who Vijaya was, though Kamesh had told her that he had let a couple who lived in the apartment building near to her building down the street to see the tapes. She had been excited as he had explained his plan to try to do some maneuvering and manipulating with the video tape equipment. A little innocent blackmail, Kamesh had called it. She had been intrigued, also, when Kamesh had described how the woman, Vijaya he said her name was, had become so excited by watching the film of Shanti finger-fucking. Shanti had made it with other women before, and the idea of someone new to seduce was as appealing and exciting to her as it was to Kamesh, Shanti noticed the strange way the woman in the elevator was looking at her. There was a dark blush on her attractive face and a look of mixed surprise and desire in her eyes. Then it hit her – this must be Vijaya, of course, she looked just like Kamesh had described her. And the crazy look of embarrassment and surprise on her face convinced Shanti that this was the woman who had seen the explicit video tapes and became so turned on.

"Vijaya?" Shanti ventured tentatively.

"How did you know my name?" Vijaya gasped.

"Well, I just kind of put two and two together," Shanti said in a warm, friendly manner, stepping closer. 

"Mmmmmm, I see why Kamesh wants to screw her and enjoy this dusky dark but extremely exotic and voluptuous sexy and exciting woman," she thought. "She's gorgeous."

"Kamesh told me he showed some of our tapes to some friends the other night," Shanti explained. "He told me how much you enjoyed them."

"Yes ... yes, I did enjoy them," Vijaya stammered. She was feeling both embarrassment and a strange, warm desire as Shanti kept moving closer. And the warm, teasing look that Shanti was giving her was making her feel good all over. 

"I'm glad you like them. We've made so many of them and they're all so good I'm glad somebody finally got to see them," Shanti said, moving right up next to Vijaya as she spoke.

"You're not embarrassed that I ... that somebody else saw you ... you know ... doing what you were doing in those tapes?" Vijaya asked in a weak voice. She was becoming turned on in Shanti's presence just like she had been that night when she watched Shanti jerk off on tape.

"No, not at all," Shanti the Tamil slut laughed. 

"I kind of like the idea of somebody seeing me hot and naked like that. I was not always like that but when I realized a few years ago how important youth in me is to enjoy sex and not to lose a moment of it – I gave up on my façade of spirituality, chastity and all fake devotion to one man – and fidelity" 

She noticed how Vijaya blushed more furiously and breathed more passionately as she spoke about the tapes. She pressed on. " And now Vijaya, I am a self-made slut and have many experiences with men and women – Kamesh is just one of my playthings and current flavor of the season, with him and with men and even women I just love to play with my pussy and fuck and everything and now with Kamesh, this new thing, watch it on tape. I am sure you will like to or would have tried it?" 

No ... no, I haven't," Vijaya said in a breathless voice.

"Oh, god," Vijaya thought, "she's talking about her character, her evolution into a slut and even how much she enjoys her pussy right in front of me. And she's standing so close to me. And she's so beautiful and sexy."

Shanti knew how turned on Vijaya was getting. She could see it in her face and hear it in her breathing. Oh, wouldn't Kamesh be thrilled if I could get her on tape, she thought. And wouldn't I be thrilled if I could get her into that big round bed of Kamesh's with me. Shanti decided to go all the way. She leaned forward and placed her hand gently but firmly on Vijaya's curved hip. "And there are more of those tapes with all sex, you know. Some even better ones!" she said, leaning her face closer to Vijaya's. "How would you like to go watch some of them with me?"

Vijaya's mind reeled with the thought of being with Shanti and seeing more tapes of her gorgeous sexy body. She felt herself giving in to her crazy lust.

"Okay, I'd like to," she said softly. "You mean right now?"

"Yeah, my Mallu slut in the making," Shanti said, slowly caressing Vijaya's hip. Vijaya was from Calicut settled in Bangalore.

"We will watch right now!" She took Vijaya gently by the arm and led her through the open elevator door. They walked briskly and silently down the carpeted hallway to Kamesh's apartment. Shanti unlocked the door with the key Kamesh had given her and they stepped in. Taking Vijaya by the hand, she walked her directly to the red velvet couch in front of the big TV screen. "You just sit right here, honey, and I'll turn on the tapes," she said in a friendly but firm voice. She knew she didn't have Vijaya in bed with her yet and that she might have to exert some authority. That's the way it usually was when she seduced other women, she thought. A little force always seemed to do the trick.

Vijaya sat back nervously on the couch and watched Shanti adjust some controls on the video player. Shanti had kicked off her shoes and was sitting on the floor with her legs tucked under hershapely ass as she browsed through the many tapes Kamesh had. Shanti inserted a cassette into the machine and turned it on. Vijaya again felt the warm, wicked glow of lesbian desireflowing through her body as she saw the beautiful scene of Shanti's passionate, naked body explode onto the screen. The tape had begun with the segment where Shanti was fucking herself with the big dildo and Vijaya was turned on immediately. Then the same luscious woman she was watching on the screen sat down right next to her. "This is the one you saw the other night, isn't it?" Shanti asked as she tucked her long, wheatish colored legs under her and leaned next to Vijaya.

"Yes ... yes ... this is the same one," Vijaya uttered in a husky voice. The sensation of Shanti's body so close to hers was making her both nervous and excited at the same time. Oh, I just don't know, she thought. Can it really be that I want another woman to touch me? Her mind was filled with hot lust. She relaxed and felt only excitement now as Shanti leaned so close that their shoulders touched and she could feel Shanti's warm breath on her neck.

"Uuuuummmmm ... it makes me horny just watching it," Shanti sighed. "That dildo is so big that it makes my whole pussy just ... just burn when I shove it in like that!" She scooted a little closer to Vijaya. Their hips were slightly touching now and she could feel the passionate warmth of Vijaya's tempting body. "Do you use a dildo like that when you play with yourself?" Shanti asked softly, watching Vijaya blush.

"No, I never have," Vijaya said, embarrassed again by Shanti's explicit and personal sexual talk.

"Oh, it's great!" Shanti whispered her mouth close to Vijaya's smooth neck. " Do you know and in fact the bigger the better, too. Do you want to see a tape with an even bigger one?"

"Yes ... I'd love to," Vijaya said, excited by the thought I can't imagine you using one any bigger."

"I have one special one that's bigger. The biggest one I have!" she said as she went to the video console and quickly changed the cassette. "It's special, though ... real special!"

The new tape flashed onto the screen and Vijaya gasped at what she saw. The tape showed Shanti and another beautiful dark woman, she was Chitra the sister in crime both naked on their knees with their asses pressed together. As she watched more closely and their writhing, bucking hips moved apart, she saw a gigantic dildo was connecting the two of them by their stretched, dripping pussies.

It was a double-headed dildo. Vijaya had never seen one before. It was much bigger around than the other one Shanti had used, bigger even than Kamesh's cock had looked. She watched with rapt attention as Shanti and the other women stimulated themselves by moving their naked, luscious asses together. They were actually fucking each other, she realized. Vijaya noticed that Shanti had come back over to the couch and as moving close to her. She wasn't hesitating this time and Vijaya felt her warm body press against her own. She felt Shanti's intent gaze on her, also, as she continued to watch the incredible scene on the TV screen. Shanti knew she was hot, she realized. She's getting turned on watching me get turned on, she thought passionately.

"How do you like the size of that one?" Shanti whispered sexily in Vijaya's ear. She brushed Vijaya's long brown hair back with her hand and pressed her lips against Vijaya's smooth neck.

"Oh Shanti I am addicted - please, don't," Vijaya said breathlessly. "Not yet at least ... give me time."

"Don't worry, honey," Shanti said, continuing to caress Vijaya's neck with her lips, placing a hand on Vijaya's quivering thigh."We'll have all the time we need."

Shanti continued her light, passionate caresses and Vijaya felt herself falling into a sexual haze. She relaxed more, letting herself recline more easily back on the couch, enjoying Shanti's tender touch as she continued to gaze intently at the screen. She sighed as she felt Shanti's hot tongue touch the sensitive skin of her neck – and then saw Shanti and Chitra on the screen convulse in orgasm.

Vijaya watched in a daze as they climaxed wildly. She spread her thighs apart as Shanti's hand moved toward her hot pussy. She moaned as Shanti touched her warm mound through the thin cloth of her panties. She pushed against the warm hand, trying to cure the burning desire developing in her loins. Shanti held her hand still and only allowed a light touch, however, teasing her on to even more passion. Shanti pulled away from Vijaya abruptly, deliberately depriving her of what she wanted. 

Vijaya collapsed against the back of the couch, gasping with her eyes closed as Shanti again went to the video console to put on another tape. Vijaya opened her eyes when she felt Shanti sit down again next to her. 

The new scene on the big screen was of Kamesh fucking the other girl with his huge cock as Shanti knelt naked beside them. 

The camera was now stationary, fixed at an angle behind the two screwing lovers. 

Vijaya had a perfect view of the other girl's spread buttocks and Kamesh's muscular ones as he pounded his cock into Chitra's open, dark-haired pussy. 

His balls slapped against her wet, flexing asshole with each downward thrust he made. Her long legs were wrapped tightly around his waist, pulling him into her belly more and more deeply with each thrust she made.

Vijaya felt Shanti's hand go again to her pussy she could feel how her juices had soaked through her panties and into her pubic hair. Shanti's hand pressed hard against the soft, hot mound and Vijaya groaned deep in her throat with the pleasure it gave her lust-filled body. She quickly released the pressure, however, and left Vijaya wanting more and more.

"Please ... touch me more ... touch my ... my pussy, please," she begged breathlessly, still watching the screen.

"Take off your clothes, baby," Shanti whispered in her ear, dipping into it with her tongue. "Take them off," she ordered gently, "then I'll make you feel real good."

Vijaya obeyed without hesitation, her saree was already in a dishelmed state, now removed and quickly stripping her blouse, bra and petticoat and underwear off as quickly as she could and she was completely naked in a few brief moments and reclined again on the couch, waiting for more of Shanti's tender caresses. Shanti did not respond immediately, though. She gazed with lust at Vijaya's naked body, feasting her eyes on her full, large-nipple tits, wetly shining brown-haired mound, and softly rounded hips. Vijaya felt both humiliated and excited at the same time as Shanti stared so openly at her cunt. She knew that now she would do anything Shanti told her to do. She wanted Shanti to give her the gratification her lust-filled body so urgently needed. She somehow knew that Shanti had deliberately manipulated her into needing her so badly and into her embarrassing nakedness, but she didn't care now. She wanted her. She needed her in her pussy. Her skilled fingers, her hot tongue, her nipples, her toes, anything, everything!

She sighed as Shanti finally reached out and stroked the warm mound of brown hair at the base of her belly. "Spread your legs, baby," Shanti commanded softly. Vijaya did so and was rewarded with the touch of Shanti's warm hand on the hot flesh of her spread lips. Shanti withdrew her hand almost as soon as she had touched, though. Taking Vijaya's hand, she placed it on her inflamed pussy. Vijaya didn't realize for a moment what Shanti was doing and gasped in surprise. 

"Play with your self Mallu slut" Shanti ordered gently. "Let me watch you play with your pussy while you finish watching the tape. Then I'll lick your pussy and rub my tits between your legs and fuck you with the dildo and everything!"

Vijaya couldn't refuse. She had begun to gently rub her swollen clit with her fingers even before Shanti finished speaking. It felt so good, she thought! And somehow Shanti watching her made it even better. She sighed with satisfaction as her fingers caressed her burning flesh! Shanti gazed at her passionately, removing her own clothing as she did so. She'll do anything now, Shanti thought excitedly. Just wait till I get her in the bedroom. Vijaya glanced at Shanti and say that she was half-undressed. Only her bra and panties remained to hide Shanti's exquisite body from her eyes. The sight served to give even more passion and fever to her manipulations of her pussy. She reached down with her other hand and held the swollen lips of her cunt widely apart, opening her pussy even more. She plunged three fingers into the ragged, dark hole, seeking to satisfy the burning desire in her loins.

Shanti watched with delight as Vijaya increased the intensity of her actions. She removed her bra, her eyes glued to Vijaya's sexy, masturbating body as Vijaya's eyes were glued to the TV screen. Vijaya was too entranced by the tape to notice that Shanti had completely removed her clothes and was kneeling beside her. Vijaya felt herself beginning to climax as she continued towatch the scene of Shanti on the screen. She felt Shanti's nipples brush against her face and turned toward her as she felt her body and mind swirling to the peak of her orgasm. Shanti clutched her head and pulled her beautiful face into her large, soft tits, holding her there as she came.

"Oooohhhh ... Shanti ... you're so beautiful!" she cried, licking and biting at Shanti's gorgeous tits as she came and came and came. Vijaya's body went limp in her arms as Shanti squeezed her to her tits. Her orgasm had diminished and she was dazed and stunned by the intensity of her massive climax.

"Come on, baby," Shanti commanded. "Let's go in the bedroom and really get down to business!"

Vijaya sprawled invitingly across the big round bed. Shanti had taken her by the hand and led her into the big, plush bedroom. Vijaya, still dazed from her recent orgasm in Shanti's arms, was waiting, naked and hot, for Shanti to come to bed with her and do all those things she had said she would. Her smooth, lust-filled body writhed on the silk bedspread as Vijaya anticipated the touch of Shanti's tongue and mouth on her sensitive pussy-flesh. Shanti quietly and secretly turned on the video recorder as Vijaya reclined with eyes closed on the bed. Vijaya would not be aware of it, but every second of the sexual escapade to follow would be captured on Kamesh's elaborate video system.

I just can't wait until Kamesh sees this, Shanti thought excitedly. He'll know exactly what to do with it, she mused. Our little blackmail plot will soon be a reality. Shanti knew the camera was pointed straight at the middle of the bed, right where Vijaya was lying. Vijaya was facing right into the camera and the videotape was already recording her as she lewdly spread her legs in anticipation of Shanti's caresses. The camera was recording every bit of her still-wet and glistening pussy that revealed itself as her thighs parted. With cameras rolling, Shanti approached the bed. She took the big blue dildo from its hiding place and climbed into bed with Vijaya. Vijaya's eyes opened expectantly when she felt Shanti's warm body next to hers. She began to passionately and shamelessly rub her brown-haired mound against Shanti's belly.

"Ummmmmmmm, that's right, baby," Shanti sighed. "I love to see you all excited and hungry like that!" She began to lightly rub the blue dildo up and down Vijaya's smooth thighs. Keeping in mind the placement of the video camera, Shanti teased Vijaya with the dildo until she was positioned just right with her knees spread and raised and her hot pussy gaping open for the big, blue tool.

Placing the head of the massive object at the mouth of Vijaya's open cunt, Shanti whispered lewdly in her ear, "Let's see how this feels, baby!" She shoved hard and sent the huge dildo roughly into the depths of Vijaya's trembling pussy.

"Aaahhhhh," Vijaya cried out, lost in a sudden rush of pain and pleasure. She jerked her hips involuntarily, first to withdraw from the intruding object then to suck in more and more of the delicious feelings it stirred in her belly. She pressed her hips against Shanti's hand at the mouth of her cunt, trying to bury as much of the dildo as she could deep within her pussy.

"Uuummm," Shanti replied, "you just love that, don't you, baby? Uuummm ... isn't that good? Doesn't that make your pussy feel good, baby?" She maintained the delicious pressure on the dildo, holding it deep inside Vijaya's belly as Vijaya continued to buck and writhe on the bed.

As abruptly as she had shoved it in, Shanti pulled the dildo back out, leaving only the large head of the object inside Vijaya's pussy. She worked the head around lightly, teasing Vijaya, stimulating just the lips of her cunt. Vijaya continued to grind her hips in a circular motion, still trying for more of that deep satisfaction.
