 That had been quite an encore and lot of fucking, Shanti reminisced as she sat by the side of the balcony back at her apartment -- she came back, Sridhar was in a state of panic and Chitra informed her that the Bank also was contemplating sacking her, she was already on 20 days LoP and this was going to be a loss of a different kind, a job in hand for a slut is a bonus which is an everyday bonus, she was relaxing, sunning herself and enjoying a nice Apple juice, thinking back to that wild session she and Kamesh and Vijaya had just a few days ago. Whew! WoW! she thought. That Vijaya was really a sex-driven woman once she got going. And that tape that they had made ... I wonder if Vijaya has guessed yet that we taped her again?

Shanti had been anxiously waiting for her chance to run into Priyamani's dark haired fair looking friend. Vijaya had said her name was Hema when Kamesh brought up the subject of Priyamani and her friend. 

Vijaya was still dead set against any possible involvement of her niece, Priyamani, and Kamesh. But she didn't know that she had just been recorded fucking Kamesh! And even if she had known, she was too naive to realize the way the tape could be used to persuade Hema and, with luck, Priyamani to join in their video sex-games. 

If I could just get acquainted with Hema and get her up to Kamesh's apartment, Shanti though, the rest would be easy. Treat her like an adult, get a few drinks in her, show her the tape and get her turned-on -- and the rest would come naturally. We'll all come naturally, Shanti laughed in the solitude of her balcony and this as the third day in a row that Shanti had sat by the balcony thinking of how to run into Hema. 

She had seen her at the Local shopping complex several times throughout the summer and she knew that it was just a matter of time before she saw her. In fact, she was surprised she hadn't seen her already. 

She was excited by the prospect of another lesbian seduction, especially with a girl as young as Hema. Hell, she thought, she might even be a virgin and she kind of doubted that, however, from the way she had seen Hema carrying on with some of the younger boys around the complex in the Mall and but the memory of how well the young Hema filled out her designer 'ghaghra' and the combined effects of the Apple juice and the night gin and the warm sun were making her hornier than ever -- and she hoped that today was the day. Goddamn! Shanti exclaimed under her breath, there she is now.

Shanti's waiting had paid off. 

A couple of weeks later -- back at Kamesh's apartment, sitting on his balcony on a Sunday when he was out on work she noticed Hema had just come through the door from the apartment lobby across the road and was heading toward the Shopping Mall, Shanti had a clear view of her from where she sat on the opposite side of the road, and she could watch her closely and without detection as Hema padded barefoot along her apartment towards the lift and to the road downstairs --and quickly she was on the sidewalk.

Uuuummmmm, Shanti thought, just as good as I had remembered. In fact, Maybe even a little better. I hadn't really been looking at her with sex in mind the last time I saw her. Hmmmmm, nice tits, good figure, sexy ... just the way I like them, she thought hungrily. Hema dropped her dupatta on a side chair. Unaware of the attractive dark woman who was eyeing her from the other side of the sidewalk and she walked into the same side and headed directly for her. Hema walked gracefully through the cool corridor and emerged at the edge of the road right in front of Shanti's side chair. Pulling herself up on the edge and climbing to the tiled surface, she couldn't have planned a better opportunity for Shanti to introduce herself.

"Hi, Hema," Shanti said cheerfully, admiring Hema's slim body as it glistened with sunlight, barely concealed by her skimpy ghaghra and silky see through blouse. Shanti especially liked the color and texture of her delicately wheatish fair skin. A sexy contrast to her dark-hair and bright-red ghaghra suit.

"Hi," Hema answered in a confused but friendly manner as she swept her hair back from her eyes. "Do we know each other?"

"Oh, not really," Shanti explained. "I'm a friend of Priyamani's aunt, Vijaya."

"Oh. You mean Priyamani's aunt, Vijaya Righteous," Hema said in a smart-assed tone.

"That's right," Shanti said. "Vijaya the Spiritual and righteous woman, we must be talking about the same woman, all right."

"Hey, I thought you said you were her friend?" Hema laughed, stepping up to the chair next to Shanti. "You must see her the same way I do."

Shanti motioned for her to sit down. "Oh, I'm her friend and a real good friend, as a matter of fact. Probably better than you might think."

"Huh? I don't understand what you mean," Hema said, screwing up her freckled nose in a way that Shanti found quite attractive. 

"Well, let's just say I know her in a different way than you do," Shanti said, still evasive, enjoying her first chance to give Hema a good looking-over from up close. She liked what she saw. 

"Well, all I know is that she sure is hard on Priyamani," Hema said with a conspiratorial half-whisper, looking around as if she expected Vijaya to be listening. "She won't let Priyamani do anything while she's staying with her this summer. She can't stay out late with any guys or even with me. She's such a prude!"

Shanti laughed to herself. If Hema could see Vijaya on tape she sure wouldn't think she was a prude. "Oh, I wouldn't call her that exactly," she said.

Hema didn't catch the irony in Shanti's voice. "Well, whatever you call her, she sure is tough on Priyamani. She's so afraid that Priyamani might be out ... you know ..."

"Screwing some boy?" Shanti interjected.

"Yeah! Right!" Hema agreed, happily surprised at finding someone sympathetic to her viewpoint. "Yeah, you know exactly what I'm talking about!"

"Poor Priyamani," Shanti said. "As good-looking as she is, l bet she's got all kinds of sexy guys trying to get into her pants."

"No kidding," Hema agreed. "But that damn Vijaya sure keeps them all away."

"Who keeps them away from you?" Shanti asked jokingly, reaching over to touch Hema's arm. "You look like a pretty hot little number yourself!"

Hema was surprised to find she was blushing at the sudden attention Shanti was paying her. "Oh, I do all right," she said with a note of self-pride in her voice. "I'm sure glad I don't have an Aunt Vijaya. That bitch!"

Deciding that now was the time, Shanti said, "How'd you like for me to show you something about Vijaya that might surprise the hell out of you?"

"What are you talking about?" Hema enquired.

"There's a certain video tape that a friend of mine has in his apartment that might change your mind about your dear Vijaya," Shanti said with a friendly wink. "What do you say we go take a look at it?"

"Wow! Sure!" Hema agreed, flattered at the way this attractive dusky but sluttish woman was treating her, enjoying having someone treat her like an adult instead of a young woman.

"Well, let's go!" Shanti responded. "Oh, by the way, you can call me Shanti."

"Pleased to make your acquaintance," Hema joked as she followed her new friend to the apartment lobby. She had seen Shanti around the Campus before, usually with the same good-looking man. She'd sure never expected to strike up a friendship with her, she thought. Not with somebody as attractive and mature and obviously older like Shanti was. She glanced at Shanti's full figure several times as they rode up in the elevator. She felt an odd mixture of envy and a familiar kind of sexual feeling as she compared Shanti's lush body to her own blooming form. I hope I'm as sexy looking as she is someday, she found herself thinking, not realizing that Shanti found her overpoweringly sexy right now.

Stepping out of the elevator at Kamesh's floor, Shanti took Hema by the hand and led her to his apartment. Unlocking the door and stepping inside, Shanti asked, "Would you like a drink?"

"Sure!" Hema answered enthusiastically. Shanti mixed two drinks and walked over to the corner of the living room where the big, comfortable couch and giant-sized view screen were arranged. "Wow, this is quite a place," Hema said as she followed Shanti to the couch. "I've never seen anything quite like it!"

"I'll bet you've never seen anything quite like this, either," Shanti said mysteriously as she handed Hema her drink. Motioning for her to sit down on the big, velvet couch, Shanti walked over to the video console and selected the incriminating tape. "Just watch the screen," she instructed as she dropped in the cassette and sent a larger-than-life-size image of Vijaya, naked and masturbating frantically, on to the big projection screen.

"Oh, Shiva Shiva My God!" Hema gasped as the TV picture exploded suddenly into view. Shanti turned up the sound and Vijaya's sharp cries and lustful groans filled the room. Watching Hema's reaction intently, Shanti moved quietly over to the couch and sat down close beside her. She found herself getting turned on, her breath quickening and pussy moistening, as she watched Hema watch the screen. Hema was totally captivated by what she saw. She was getting turned on by it, too, Shanti could tell, by the way Hema's hands had involuntarily gone to her lap, balled into fists and pressed in to her crotch with excitement. Ummmmmm, Shanti thought, and the only things standing between us are two flimsy dresses!

"What do you think of that, honey?" Shanti asked seductively, boldly leaning closer to Hema until her tits brushed against Hema's arm and her mouth was almost touching Hema's ear.

"Oh, God! I just can't imagine ... I can't imagine Vijaya letting herself be filmed like that!"

"She's not as much of a prude as you thought, is she?" Shanti asked softly.

"No ... no, she's great ... she's beautiful," Hema stammered, deeply moved by the sexual feeling being transmitted to her by what she was watching.

"Ummmmmm, you're beautiful, too," Shanti whispered and gently flicked her tongue into Hema's warm ear. She was responding even faster than Shanti had expected. Shanti was becoming more excited with each sighing breath that Hema took. Gracefully, Shanti moved to the video machine and changed tapes.As she walked back toward the bar she looked over her shoulder and saw the giant image of Kamesh fucking Vijaya with his monster dick. Hema was staring at it in amazement. Shanti was sure, as she watched that if Hema ever had been fucked before it had certainly not been with a dick that size. She mixed two more drinks but continued to stand by the bar and watch Hema's reaction to the tape. The image now included Shanti as she squeezed Vijaya's firm tits in time with Kamesh's deep thrusts. Hema's mouth was open with combined lust and amazement as she watched the passionate scene. Shanti noticed that she had begun to move her fists in the middle of her lap, almost unconsciously massaging her young cunt-mound as the burning, hot fucking on the TV screen spread its excitement to her loins.

"Mmmmmmm," Shanti moaned as she continued to stand by the bar and watch. She knew that the wild cum-scene with Vijaya and herself both milking Kamesh's hot dick was coming up in a few moments. 

Preparing herself for her next step in the seduction of Hema, she removed her skimy saree and blouse -- now only in her panties -- she wore no bra today and stood languidly by the bar enjoying Hema's increasingly impassioned actions and her own wanton nakedness. 

She gazed fondly at Hema as the battle over Kamesh's hot cum was re-enacted on the screen, observing that a flushed look of animal lust had come over Hema's face. Once the scene had progressed to the point where she and Vijaya were shamelessly tonguing and mouthing each other with Kamesh's jism spread all over their mouths and faces, Shanti quietly returned to the couch.

Sitting down closely beside Hema, Shanti plunged one hand underneath Hema's tightly clenched fists and cupped Hema's hot cuntal mound through the panty below her ghaghra in her hand. She put her free arm around Hema's shoulders and pulled her close. Hema responded passionately. Shanti pressed her face toward Hema's, lashing out with her tongue to find Hema's open mouth. She probed her tongue deep into Hema's hot mouth, amazed at the way she was responding so warmly to her lesbian embrace. Both women embraced each other feverishly, exchanging oral caresses with abandonment as the warm, stimulating sound of deep sighs and moans came from the tape.

"Uuuuummmmmm," Hema moaned, "you feel goooood." She quickly turned in no time and stroked Shanti's nude body uninhibitedly as Shanti continued to plant warm, soft kisses all over her sex-flushed face. Withdrawing from Shanti's arms, she reached behind her back and untied her kurti top, letting it fall to reveal her firm, womanly tits. Then, as Shanti watched with a look of pleasant surprise, she slid her ghaghra and panties smoothly down over her hips and legs and kicked them away.

"I hadn't expected such a quick response," Shanti said candidly in a sex-slurred voice as they both allowed their eyes to travel openly over each other's naked body.

"I just didn't know at first what you really wanted," Hema replied. "I just didn't think anyone as sexy as you would be interested in me."

"This isn't the first time you've been with another woman, is it?" Shanti asked as she reached out and allowed her hands to wander over Hema's body. 

"No, this isn't the first time," Hema answered, gasping slightly as Shanti brushed her skilled fingertips over her clit. She spread her legs and raised one knee to the couch, making her pussy more available to Shanti's touch, at the same time moving her hands between Shanti's opening thighs. "Never and never was it... never with a real woman like you -- you are unbelievable," she gasped. "It was just with other girls in college ... never with anyone like you."

"You mean someone older like me or vivacious sexy and exciting like me? How old are you if I can ask?" Shanti asked as she pulled her thigh up and rested it on Hema's putting both their pussies within easy reach of each other's probing fingers.

"Yeah ... mmmmm - I am 19 + 2 months." Hema moaned as Shanti's fingers began a slow teasing journey around and around her clit. "You're so much more ... more mature. I didn't think you could possibly care about me."

"Uuuummmm ... pull my clit ... just pull it nice and slow, you know I am just 24" Shanti instructed, imparting her vast knowledge of love to her new young lover. "Why wouldn't I want you? You're so young and beautiful ... and you feel sooo gooood."

"But you are so experienced -- you are a expert in sex to me, teach me ... teach me how to make you feel good ... teach me what another woman likes," Hema panted. "I've only kind of ... kind of experimented with my friends ... it wasn't this good ... you must know how to do it right!"

"Have you ever done this with Priyamani? Have you ever felt her like this?" Shanti asked.

"Just once ... one time ... she was afraid and wouldn't really let me much."

Each woman was lazily fingering and pinching and pulling the other's hot cunt-flesh, the tape was still playing, showing a scene from later in that sex-session. Appropriately, it was a scene of Vijaya and Shanti engaged in a torrid sixty-nine entanglement. Kamesh had withdrawn from the bed and was working the camera by hand, Vijaya totally unaware of his actions. The screen showed alternate close-ups of first Shanti's lovely face buried in Vijaya's hot pussy, then Vijaya's lust-driven mouth devouring Shanti's glistening cunt.

"Aaahhhhh ... that's right ... this is sooooo nice," Shanti moaned as Hema's young fingers stroked her clit. They both divided their attention between the passionate scene on the screen and the scene of each other's body, lounging languidly on the velvet cushions as they continued the loving manipulations of each other's pussy.

"Like this?" Hema asked in a hoarse whisper, gently holding Shanti's swelling clit between two fingers and stroking it up and down.

"Uuuummmmm ... that's right," Shanti sighed, having to close her eyes tightly and gasp for air as Hema's fondling sent exquisite thrills through her fevered cunt.

"Is that good ... does it make you feel good?" Hema asked.

"Yes ... yes ... it's good, it's good," Shanti responded. "Now dip your fingers into my hole ... like this," she instructed and began to poke lightly, teasingly into Hema's tight cunt. "Aaaahhhhh ... that's it," she sighed as Hema repeated the movements. They both continued to alternately squeeze and stroke each other's swollen clit and plunge their fingers gradually deeper and harder into each other's cunt. They kept on, increasingly faster and with more delicious pressure, still gazing at the lesbian love depicted on the screen, hearing slight wet noises and deep sighs mix with their own panting and passionate moans.

"Teach me, Shanti ... teach me ... tell me what to do to you," Hema begged, extracting as much pleasure from her fingers being in Shanti's cunt as Shanti's being in hers. "Tell me ... I'll do anything ... anything" she sighed with a sound of deep sexual need in her voice.

"Haven't you made love to other girls? Don't you know what to do?" Shanti asked.

"This is all I've ever done ... just felt each other's cunt ... it wasn't this good though ... uuummmm, you're sooo good."

"What do you want to do to me?"

"Anything ... everything ... just tell me," Hema sighed as both women now had completely penetrated their fingers into each other's hungry pussy.

Shanti's mind reeled at the possibilities. She quickly jumped up from the couch and turned on the video recorder, bringing out the camera and pointing it at the couch. She started the recorder and rapidly adjusted the video console so that the camera would be both recording them and projecting their images on the screen in front of them simultaneously. Even better than that mirror on the bedroom, she thought wickedly as she saw Hema's excited, waiting body appear on the giant projection screen.

Shanti hurried to return to the couch, taking her place again next to Hema but stroking her tits and belly this time instead of her pussy. She gazed lovingly at the hot, vibrant young body next to her, glancing at the screen to see herself and Hema. "We can watch ourselves while we make love," she said softly to Hema, nodding at the screen. Hema's lust-filled eyes left their examination of Shanti's body to gaze at their images on the large screen in front of them. Shanti could tell by her expression that she liked it.

She continued to lovingly touch Hema's budding tits and her sharply pointed nipples, fantasizing over the things she could have Hema do to her and the things she could do to Hema. Hema kept on watching the passionate picture they made on the screen as Shanti felt her young body and contemplated just what she would instruct the impassioned youngr to do. She remembered the way she had commanded Vijaya to do such humiliatingly exciting things to both of them.

Shanti withdrew her hand from Hema's smooth pussy and inserted three fingers into her own gaping cunt. She stroked her pussy lightly, stirring up her hot juices, soaking her fingers in her hot liquids. "Did you like the way Vijaya and I ate all of Kamesh's jism?" she asked Hema. "Have you ever tasted a woman's juices?" 

"No ... let me taste yours, Shanti ... let me taste your pussy," Hema begged.

"Here," Shanti responded, presenting her juice-drenched fingers to Hema. "Lick my juices off my fingers," she instructed.

Hema complied, licking at Shanti's wet hand, clutching it, running her tongue over every finger then sucking each one of them into her mouth. "Uummmmm ... you taste so good," she gasped between licks. Shanti pulled her hand away again and returned it to her cunt opening, soaking it again in her juices and enjoying Hema's hungry stare as she did so. "Let me lick your pussy ... let me taste ... let me kiss it," Hema begged.
