 This week's assignment was a short, slim piece of work who I was ready to break thirty seconds in to our introductions. It was extremely unfortunate that the higher ups had deemed actual torture "unethical" and "unnecessary" a few years ago, or I might have been able to have a more enjoyable evening. As it was, I was stuck with miss Vivian Carlisle, a quick-witted, quirky marine biologist who had recently had the misfortune of coming upon some extremely confidential secrets from the government. Well, it was misfortune for her. For us, it was the cause of long celebration that had been going on for a little over a week now. You see, the woman to which those secrets belonged was a sexless old crow whose disinterest in sex and women was evenly matched with her interest in keeping those precious secrets all to herself. Getting information out of her would have been my hardest work yet-though I don't doubt that I couldn't have done it.

Vivi here, on the other hand, would be all too easy to get making noise. The problem would no doubt be more in trying to make out her breathless confessions from her likely bull-like moans. 

At least she was pretty.

Still, I certainly wouldn't mind getting a different type of physical with her. 

I'm talking throwing punches.

"So, why don't we cut the crap?" She inquired lightly, taking a delicate sip from her green, lime flavored drink. 

Smirking, I arched my back, closing an inch of the distance between us. About five inches to go. "Whatever could you mean?"

"I mean," she huffed, unconsciously leaning forward, "you're obviously a spy. I just met you five days ago, and now you're inviting me to a really fancy bar type place that looks like it's specifically designed for this type of event... are those people fucking?"

I arched an eyebrow. Finally, an assignment with some brains. I'd raised the exact same concern with the organization years ago, but they'd simply waved me off and no one had caught on until it was too late... until this girl. 

"Oh, so what, you're going to fuck the secrets out of me? I'll have you know I'm completely heterosexual." 

My brow remained arched as I not-so-discretely checked her out. Everything from her rainbow bracelet to her intelligent yet me-absorbed eyes said otherwise. Squirming under my gaze, she reiterated her previous statement. 

"Oh, not even a tiny bit... curious?"

She jutted her chin out defiantly.

"Well... what a shame." I purred, my smile telling a different story. "I guess I'll have no choice..."

Her eyes flashed with fear. "What.. whatever you're going to do, it won't work! My mouth is staying shut- ohhh..." 

I smirked as I saw her expression melt from timid defiance into one of pure pleasure. 

"What was that? I couldn't hear you."

She glared. "Get your hand off of me." 

Laughing, I edged closer to her seat. Three inches to go. 

"My hand isn't on you... but it can be if you're a good girl."

She looked down at her now already soaked skirt in surprise, finding her own fingers pressing down into the recesses of her body. "What.. what did you do to me?"

"Me? I didn't do anything," I grinned. "Oh, don't feel ashamed, baby. You'd be absolutely shocked at how many times my words have elicited such a response. Now, I'm sorry I have to ask you this, but could you please put your hands out?"

Her hands flew to obey me before it rang through her self conscious. 

This might be easier than I thought, I mused. 

"After this I'm going to kill you, you bitch," she hissed. 

"I look forward to it. Now, please, follow me." Holding her wrists gently in my hands, I guided her to the lounge, where all business was taken care of. On days that I was lucky, the assignment was attractive enough to make this interesting, but even Vivian's unique beauty could not arouse me due to her uncanny gift of knowing all the wrong buttons of mine to push. At least now she was under my spell... I would enjoy making her pay. And yes, maybe I would also enjoy the sight of her at my disposal. 

"Lie on the couch, mi amor."

She complied, though the hatred was still plain on her face. That would vanish soon enough. 

"Good girl," I praised her, sitting right next to her with my legs tucked under me. "Now, here's how this is going to work. You tell me something, and I reward you. Eventually, we'll work up to what I want, and you'll be allowed to come. However, if you don't comply, you'll find yourself in immense discomfort." Expertly, I wrapped the silk bonds around her wrists and attached them to the post above her head. "Is that too tight?"

She shook her head venomously. 

"Good. Okay, baby, we're going to start, meaning I'm going to need to take off some of your clothes, okay?"

Her nod came with the same amount of venom, but with a little more need. 

"I need verbal consent, baby. Please?"

"Take my fucking clothes off already, you bastard."

I smiled and winked in her direction. 

"Good girl." 

Staring directly into her eyes, I began slowly unzipping her skirt, taking even longer to drag it down her slender legs and off into the ground. Then, I linked my pinkies around the band of her lacy red underwear. 

"So you came here expecting the panties come off, did you?"

She didn't waver her cold gaze.

"I would respond to me, baby. Remember the position you're in. Think about all the things I could do to you."

A small moan escaped her small mouth. 

"Yes, ma'am."

To my surprise, I felt heat begin to spread between my legs. 

"Keep calling me ma'am and I'm going to have to break some of the rules for you," I whispered, removing her soaked panties from her equally wet legs and trying to ignore the sudden unintentional huskiness of my voice. 

She moaned again, her eyes now hooded.

I returned to my spot by her side and snaked my arm behind her waist to rest dangerously close to her wet, pink pussy. 

"We're going to start off with easy questions, alright?" 

She nodded before quickly correcting herself. "Yes, ma'am."

I smiled, but between my legs cane more unwanted moisture. I wasn't supposed to get hot over an assignment. While not explicitly against the rules, it was nonetheless very much looked down on. 

"What's your name?"

"Vi-Um. Janet Morgan."

"Baby..." I purred, moving my hand a little closer to her pussy. 

"My name is Vivian Elizabeth Carlisle," she breathed, already twitching at the prospect of my touch. 

"Very good," I whispered in her ear, holding touching her off for as long as possible.

"You promised..." she gasped, now writhing in discomfort.

"Sh... can you say please?"

Groaning, she nodded. "Please. Please."

"Please what?"

"Please touch me!"

I feigned confusion. "Touch you where? Please be specific or you'll find that you won't derive any pleasure from this experience at all."

She gulped, trying to regain her composure and focus. "Please... please touch my pussy... please fuck my pussy."

I moaned, giving up on holding back and letting the wetness between my legs spread even more. "Fuck, you're hot when you're begging. Since you asked so nicely..."

I moved my fingers to rest on her clit, at first just lightly teasing before moving to firm, slow circles. 

"Ohh.... ah- uhhh!" She sighed, moving her hips in sync with my slow strokes.

"Faster, please. Harder..."

"Not yet. You have another question."

".. Not telling you the secrets!"

"No, no yet," I smiled. "Your question is: have you ever been fucked before?"

Her eyes opened in shock. 

"What?"

I took some of the pressure off of her clit, much to her displeasure. "Answer the question."

"No, ma'am."

Good. That should make this easier.

I pressed down harder and began rubbing circles on her clit a little faster. 

"How does that feel?"

"Ah... ahhhh..."

"I said, how does it feel?" 

"S... so fucking good," she gasped, grinding her hips harder against my hand. 

Fuck, that was hot. 

"Don't be a bad girl, baby," I purred, steadying her bucking hips with my other hand. "If I have to hold your hips down, that means I can't be fucking you."

Her eyes flashed. "But... it feels so good..."

I moaned. "Baby, I really need my other hand."

"Why?" 

I sighed. "I have my own needs I need to take care of."

She took a sharp breath. "Oh... am I turning you on?"

For the first time in years, I felt a blush grow on my cheeks. "... I just need my other hand, okay?"

Reluctantly, she forced her hips back onto the couch. 

"Good girl. I'm going to increase the speed now," I warned her.

"Okay," she breathed. I moved the hand rubbing her pussy faster and the other hand under my dress. 

"Oh, fuck," I cursed. Two weeks worth of ignoring my needs had built up considerably. I wasn't going to last long if I kept this up, and I still had a job to finish. "Baby, I need you to tell me the secrets right now and then I swear I'll fuck your brains out, but right now I'm really horny and I'm not going to last long like this."

She paused before shaking her head furiously. "I can't betray my country."

I slowed the circles on her clit. 

"You won't be betraying your country, Vivian. Who do you think assigned me to you? You'll be betraying your bitch of a boss, and that's it."

A lie, but I needed those secrets.

She looked as if she were about to say yes before once again shaking her head. 

I forced my hand away from my own pussy and pressed harder against hers. "Remember what I can do to you. Remember how I can make you feel." 

Her eyes closed in pleasure and I had to force her hips down from meeting my strokes with the same speed and strength. 

"I... I..." suddenly, she began to laugh. 

I stared at her incredulously. "Why are you laughing?"

She smirked at me for a few seconds before I realized why. "Don't you dare orgasm!" Quickly, I yanked my hand away, but her body was already convulsing, her eyelids already closing, her mouth already forming a perfect 'o'. 

When she was finished, still shaking with aftermaths, she opened her eyes back up. "Now you have nothing you can do against me." 

"... is that so?" 

I moved from my position next to her to one between her legs. "You have no idea who you're messing with." 

Without warning, I smashed my tongue under the fold of her click and began furiously spelling out all the reasons I now resented her.

"Shit!" She cursed, hips bucking harder than before to meet my mouth. 

"You think this is my worst? Think again."

Roughly, I shoved my fingers up her vagina, pumping mercilessly until I could tell that she was already on the verge. And then I moved away. 

She cried out, pussy throbbing from the expectation of an orgasm that, depending on her cooperation, could never come. 

"Tell me the secrets."

This time, she spilled everything, talking so fast she became red in the face.

Finally.

"Now fuck me."

I raised an eyebrow, submitting the voice log to my boss and barely listening to her.

"Did you hear me?! I said fuck me right now or I'll-"

"You'll what, Vivian? You're tied up."

Suddenly, I found myself splayed out on the couch. 

"I was a Girl Scout. Failed at everything except knot tying and untying," she smirked, now on top of me. 

I glared at her. "You realize I could actually murder you right now, right?"

"Yeah, but you won't."

"Why's that?"

She pressed her hand down under my dress. "Because I'm willing to make a trade."

I gasped, eyesight already blurring.

She released me. "Deal?"

"... deal." I grabbed her and pressed her pussy to mine, gyrating furiously against it while simultaneously rubbing it with all of my strength. 

"FUCK!" She shouted, grabbing my tits with both hands and bringing her mouth down to suck and bite my nipples. 

"Ahhh... AHH!" I screamed, moving my pussy harder and faster against hers.

Slowly, a feeling began rising in my stomach. 

"Shit, I'm about to come!" 

"Then fuck me harder, you bitch! Don't you dare come before I do!"

She positioned herself above my fingers and began bouncing furiously on them, leaning over to finger me and rub my clit. 

"Harder!!" I ordered.

"Okay, you asked for it," she warned. Before I had time to ponder her tone all of my senses blurred together. 

"AHHHHH!!" I cried, her fingers taking me places I had never gone before. 

"I'm coming... I'm coming!!" My pussy began tightening and convulsing furiously against her fingers, and soon hers was doing the same against mine, sending me even more over the edge. 

After wonderful minutes of either multiple orgasm or one giant wonderful one, finally my body calmed down. 

"Thank you," She rasped, and I would have laughed if I had had the strength. 

"Any time..."