 The sight of us, I'm sure, was a little hard to take. Two tall, beautiful, tanned blonde girls, lying on a blanket in our bikinis, sunbathing, reading, talking, laughing. It was so hot out that October (in the San Francisco Bay area, the temperatures can shoot up into the 90s), that we couldn't help it. And, by the end of our first month as roommates, we were having sex.

It began innocently enough. Anya was a friend of a friend. She moved into my dorm room when my previous roommate, a friend from high school, decided to transfer to her boyfriend's small Catholic school in the Midwest. My friend Sandy knew a girl from her modeling days in Japan who needed a roommate. Anya moved in with her expensive luggage, expensive sheets and pillows and scented candles, which she seemed to have lit at all hours. She had the longest, shapeliest legs I've ever seen, and a body to match. And the mouth on her! I couldn't believe the things that would pop out of her mouth sometimes; she was willing to talk about almost anything, no matter how private or embarrassing.

I barely saw her those first few weeks. We lived in an L-shaped room, which meant that our beds were about five feet apart, so I knew when she was sleeping there and that was seldom.

She had a boyfriend off-campus. Carlo, a rich Eurotrash guy she'd met in New York. I guess he was a student as well, when he did visit the room he didn't stay long; it seemed as if his apartment was her home and our room was a place for her to store her clothes and her strap-on. I found it accidentally one day when she let me borrow a dress. We were the same size, more or less, and I needed something to wear to a party. She let me go through her closet and when I dropped a skirt and picked it up I discovered a leather harness resting on top of a pile of shoes.

"What's this?" I asked.

She grabbed it from me and put it behind her back. "Nothing," she said.

I reached for it. She stepped back. "Come on," I said.

"It's just my harness."

"Your harness?"

"My strap-on." She dangled it in front of me. "Here."

I took it from her and examined it. It was made of a soft black leather and had straps on both sides. In the front was a ring.

"What's the ring for?" I asked.

"The dildo. Let me show you."

She went to her closet and opened a drawer where she kept her underwear and pulled out a long white dildo. She handed it to me and took the strap-on. I held the dildo in my hand, not sure what to do. It had the shape and texture of a penis and felt nice and warm. "It's made of silicone," she said. "Let me show you."

She put the harness on and strapped it around her legs. Then she attached the dildo and stood in front of me. "See?" She said.

I sat down on my bed and stared at her.

"I don't wear it like this," she said. "With shorts and a T-shirt."

"How do you wear it?"

"I'm usually naked."

I blushed. She looked incredibly sexy with it on. "With Carlo?"

"No."

"Then why do you have it?"

"I use it to fuck other girls."

I must have turned beet red at that moment, because she laughed. "You knew that, didn't you?" She said.

I thought about it for a moment. There was one time about a week before when I saw this beautiful woman leave the room. She seemed slightly disheveled when she walked by. Anya said that she was in her theater class. I found out that she was an R.A. on another floor."

"That R.A.?"

"Yeah, and a couple of others."

She took the strap-on off and threw it on her bed and sat down.

"Here?"

"The R.A. I fucked here, the others at Carlo's, sometimes."

"He watches?"

"Sometimes. We had a threesome with this dancer we met at a strip club. She's going for her master's in psychology. After we fucked though, it turned out that she had a class with Carlo and that he'd set the whole thing up!"

"No way!"

"I was really pissed at him at first, but then she called me to apologize and I wound up going to her apartment and we had sex without Carlo, so it's okay now."

I looked at her lying on the bed next to mine, smiling, barefoot, her beautiful long legs, her breasts pressing against her tight little T-shirt. Her big blue eyes. I'd never really thought about sleeping with a girl before. Not really. But If I did, it would have to be someone like Anya.

"So have you?" Anya asked.

"What?"

"Ever been with a girl?'

"No."

"It's fun," she said. "Jill, the dancer was amazing. Amazing body. Really soft skin. And she loves to eat pussy."

"Anya!"

"Sorry." She sat up on her bed and crossed her legs. "I guess I should go. I have a class in fifteen minutes. But you think about it, okay?"

"About what?"

"You know."

"What?"

She didn't answer, but I knew what she was hinting at. After she left the room I masturbated, thinking about everything she'd said. I felt closer to her, and she made more sense to me, but where would it all lead? I thought about the strap-on. I almost took the dildo out of her closet and put it inside me, but I resisted. I just played with my clit and had an amazing orgasm, alone in my bed.

I didn't see her that week except for one afternoon when it was so hot out that she persuaded me to go sunbathing with her on the lawn behind the dorm. We walked down in our robes and bikinis, and laid down together on one of her expensive cotton blankets. I'd rubbed suntan lotion on my body before we left, but Anya went out without any. After about an hour, I insisted that she put some on.

"No way," She said.

"You're going to burn," I said.

"Okay," she said. "But only if you put it on."

"Sure," I said.

I took out my lotion and spread it around her back and neck. Then I rubbed it on her arms and legs. I seemed to be causing something of a stir. Anya lifted her legs up and I could feel the stares coming from the other blankets. Guys walked by and stopped and watched. Anya turned around and laid on her back and made me rub lotion on her belly, posing like she was on a magazine cover, or a swimsuit video. When I was finished, she lifted up her sunglasses and smiled. "We put on quite a show, didn't we?"

Another week went by and I didn't see her at all. She had a couple of papers due and she'd been staying at Carlo's every night; working on it. And then suddenly she was back; staying the weekend while Carlo went back to Italy for a wedding.

"Why didn't you go?" I asked.

"I wasn't invited."

"Why not?"

"His family. They're really rich and stuck-up. They want him to marry this girl in Italy that he's known since he was a kid."

"Will he?"

"Probably. I didn't want to think so but he really is a Mama's boy."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I think I'm over him anyway."

So on that Friday night, we stayed in together. Anya ordered in some pizza and we watched some bad '80s movies on TV in our pajamas. She told me a little about her modeling days, but not much. It seemed like she wanted to forget that part of her life and move on. She brought out a bottle of wine that she'd taken from Carlo's apartment and we got a little drunk. She must've sensed that I was a little nervous around her because she said I looked tense. She offered to give me a massage, which made me even more nervous.

"It's okay," she said. "I'll just loosen up your back and shoulders."

"Okay."

I lay down on her bed and she began to massage my shoulders. She obviously knew what she was doing. She started with my neck and went all the way down my spine, making sure to work all sides, and I felt really good when she was done. After that I stayed in her bed for a while and watched TV and cuddled. It just felt right, and she didn't make a move on me, so I didn't feel nervous or uncomfortable. When I left the bed to sleep on my own we gave each other a good night kiss on the lips and then giggled.

It was the next night when things got out of control.

Anya got up early the next morning to go work out at the gym. I slept in, only to be woken up by a phone call from Sandy. It hadn't spoken to her since Anya moved in. She sounded far away.

"Hey!" She said. "How are you?"

"Okay," I said. "Where are you?"

"London."

"What are you doing there?"

"The usual. Trying to keep my career afloat. How's Anya?"

"She's good. She just went to the gym."

"Sounds like her."

"Carlo is in Italy at a wedding, so she's been hanging around more than usual."

"Is that a bad thing?"

"No. I like her."

"I knew you would."

We talked about Anya for a little while, nothing serious. Just about her massive collection of clothes and shoes. And she'd met Carlo, so she spent a few minutes ragging on him for my amusement. Then we talked about school, my lack of boyfriends, and her surplus of them. Finally she asked the question.

"So?"

"So what?"

"Have you slept together yet?"

"No!"

"Oh."

"Did you?"

There was silence on the other end for a more than a few seconds.

"I take that as a yes," I said.

Sandy sighed. "A couple of times," she said. "She's hard to resist."

"I know."

"And she gives good massages."

"I've had one of those."

"So you know, right?"

"Yes."

"I wish you'd told me this before."

"You wouldn't have taken her in?"

"I don't know."

The thought of Sandy and Anya together made me wet, and I could feel my swollen pussy rub against my pajama bottoms as I reclined in my chair. I couldn't help touching my clit as Sandy told me the whole story. I waited until we hung up before I brought myself to orgasm. I guess it was inevitable. I couldn't resist her anymore. It was time to give in. When Anya got back I told her that Sandy had called and she we talked a little but then she was off to the library. When she got back she suggested we go out for dinner. She and Carlo always went out to a little restaurant in town on Saturday night and she wasn't going to miss out on that because he was at some wedding with his ex-girlfriend.

The restaurant she picked was a small Italian place on the other side of the College, near the movie theater. Anya had the keys to Carlo's car so we drove there. It was apparently Carlo's favorite place and we had no trouble getting a table. Inside were mostly older couples. I recognized a couple of professors eating with their spouses. The other customers looked like they were from out of town. I didn't see any students.

"Did you want to go to the Rat instead?" Anya asked. "Get a burger and some curly fries?"

"No."

"We could if you want. We could get some nachos."

"Stop teasing."

I had a great time with her at the restaurant. We had no trouble ordering a bottle of wine, even though we were underage. (I was 20 and Anya was 19). And the food was excellent. Anya complimented me several times on my dress and even tried to play footsie with me under the table. I told her that she looked beautiful, that Carlo was an idiot for not bringing her to the wedding. Then she asked my about my boyfriends. She even offered to fix me up with some guys that she knew in the city who would die to take me out.

When we got back we were still flirting. I even gave her a thank you kiss for dinner. Then opened another bottle of wine from Carlo's collection and took off our shoes and sat on her bed.

"So what about boyfriends?" She asked.

"I don't know," I said. "No one right now."

"No one you like?"

"Not really."

She poured me another glass.

"Carlo thinks you're hot."

"Oh," I blushed. "I didn't know that."

"He likes all-American girls like you. Sometimes I think I'm a little too Swedish looking for him or something. He asked if I could entice you into a threesome."

I laughed. "No way," I said. "That's gross."

"He's not your type."

"No, and I'm not about to have a threesome with anyone."

"Well, that's what I told him, and anyway, it would be really fucked up if we did. I like you too much."

"And I like you."

She smiled, put her hand on mine and kissed me.

"Feel okay?" She asked.

"Fine. My neck is bothering me again. I took some Advil before, but it's not working."

She put her glass down. "Do you want a massage?"

"Okay."

She stood up and went to her dresser and got out a bottle of massage oil.

"This time you have to undress for me."

I stared at her.

"Do you want a massage or not?"

"Yes."

"Well, let's do it the right way this time. I have some oil. You'll feel amazing."

I agreed and took off my dress. I could see Anya gazing at me as I stood before her in my Calvin Kleins.

"You really are stunning." She said.

I unhooked my bra and pulled down my panties and lay down on my stomach. Anya pulled her dress off and put on a T-shirt. "I'll be more comfortable this way," she said. "I have to be comfortable too, you know."

"Okay."

She took the oil out and squeezed some on her hands and rubbed them together. Then she kneeled down at the side of my bed and began to rub my lower back, moving up my spine to my shoulders. The oil felt warm and her hands felt so nice. I could feel myself getting wet.

"Breathe in," she said. "And exhale."

I did what I was told.

"I'm going to do your whole body," she said.

"Okay," I said.

She moved from one place on my back to the other. Then she did my arms and hands, working every muscle.

"So did Sandy tell you about our little affair?" She asked.

"Yes."

"I thought so."

"She asked me if I would've let you live here if I'd known."

"And what did you say?"

"Yes. I guess I would have."

"That's good to know."

"So how did it happen?"

"The first time?"

"Yes," I said.

She glided her hands down my left leg, squeezing my thigh and calf. Then she worked on my feet, which felt incredible. Then she did my right leg, going up to my butt.

"On a plane."

"How?"

"We were coming back from Japan. It was dark in the plane and we were covered in blankets. Sandy had the window seat and I was sitting in the aisle seat with a seat between us. The plane wasn't very crowded so we had a lot of space and some privacy. I made Sandy take off her panties and I gave her a hand job under the blanket."

"That sounds hot," I said.

"It was."

"And when we got back to New York I stayed at her place and we fucked all weekend. It was so much fun."

"You like saying that word," I said.

She giggled. "Fucking?"

"Fuck."

"Fuck, fucking. I like doing it too."

Then she massaged my butt with both hands.

"You have a great ass," she said. "I've been wanting to bury my face in it since I moved in."

She kissed both of my butt cheeks.

"Feels so nice," I said.

"Turn around," she whispered.

I hesitated for a moment. "I'm not finished," she said.

I turned around slowly and faced her. She put some more massage oil on her hands and worked the front of my legs then my torso, going up to my breasts and shoulders. I swallowed again and I could feel my legs shaking.

"Are you okay?" She asked.

I nodded. I found it difficult to speak. She worked her way down my belly to my pelvis, massaging the area around my pussy very gently. "Afraid?" She asked.

I shook my head. Then she gently put one hand on my heart and cupped my pussy with her other hand. Then she glided one hand down my belly and massaged my thighs with the other, slowly coming closer. Then she began to make circles around my pussy with her hand.

"You're so wet," she whispered. Then she inserted one, then two fingers inside me. I shut my eyes and my back arched. I was going to come. My pelvis began to move with her hand as she fucked me with her fingers. I grabbed her other arm and cried out as my pussy contracted around her fingers. It was the most intense orgasm of my life. I thought I was going to pass out. When it was over I opened my eyes and looked up at her and tears came to my eyes. She touched my cheek with her hand. "It's okay," she whispered. 

"Do you want to take a little nap?" She asked. I nodded.

"Can you speak?"

"Yes," I whispered. Then I closed my eyes.

When I awoke, she was still next to me, but she'd taken her T-shirt off. She was on her side, her arm around me. She opened her eyes and smiled. "Hey," she said.

"Hi," I said.

She leaned in and kissed me. I kissed back without opening my mouth. Then she leaned in again and took my face into her hands "Is this how you kiss your boyfriends?' She asked.

I opened my mouth slightly and felt her tongue glide across my teeth. Then I opened it more and our tongues met. We fell down upon the bed and held each other. "It's not so bad," she whispered.

"It's wonderful," I said.

She got on top of me and I wrapped my legs around hers. We began to kiss more passionately and her breasts pressed against mine.

"Feels nice," she said. "Pull my panties off."

She pushed her body up over mine and I grabbed her underwear and pulled them down. She wriggled out of them and began to rub her pussy against my thigh.

"Let me do that," I said.

"Okay," she said.

She lay down next to me and we kissed. I cupped her ass with my hand and rubbed her thigh. Then I moved my hand over her pussy and put my finger inside her.

"Mmmm," she said.

She took my hand and gently guided it over her pussy lips.

"Like that," she said.

I went slowly, massaging her clit between my fingers in a circular motion.

"That's good," she said. "Now harder."

I rubbed harder and she moaned.

"You're so good," she said. "I knew you'd be good."

I went faster and she closed her eyes. "That's good," she whispered. Then she threw her head back and moaned. "I'm going to come," she said. She spread her legs and put one of them between mine and clenched her teeth. She moaned again and exploded under me. Then she grabbed me and buried her head in my shoulder and collapsed in my arms.

"That felt so good," she whispered.

"I'm glad," I said.

"I'm glad that we're finally making love."

"Me too."

I thought about what she'd just said. Making love. And I wanted more.

We rested for a while and then Anya got out of the bed and went over to her closet, giving me a look at her amazing body.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

She opened her top drawer and pulled out her strap-on.

"I want to fuck you," she said.

"Fuck me?" I said. "I thought we were making love."

She laughed. "Same thing," she said. "You want me to fuck you, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I want you to fuck me."

She put the harness around her waist and fastened the straps around her legs. Then she took out her dildo from her drawer and attached it to the harness. Then she took out her little bottle of lubricant and slowly rubbed it all over her cock. She looked very powerful at that moment. I would've done anything she asked me.

"You want that?" She asked.

"Yes."

"Come here."

I got up and went over to her. She kissed me and then put my hand on her cock, spreading the oil over it.

"I want you inside me." I said.

"Get back on the bed."

Anya got on top of me. My pussy was soaked, but Anya insisted on going down on me before we began. She gently took my clit in her mouth and sucked slightly on it and then twirled her tongue around it. I writhed under her and moaned. My first time. "I can't believe you just did that," I whispered.

"I have to get you ready," she purred.

She went down again and I moaned even louder. She moved up on top of me and covered my mouth with her hand.

"Shhhh," she said.

"I'm going to come if you don't stop doing that."

"No you won't," she said. "You won't come until I say you can come."

A wave of hotness went over me. I'd never been so aroused in my life. She bared her teeth at me and bit my neck. Then she took the head of her cock and rubbed it between my slit, and then circling it around my lips, teasing me. I pressed my pussy against her cock.

"I think you're ready," she said.

"I am."

"Can I go inside you?" She asked.
