 We were in bed together. We'd spent most of the morning having sex, after partying all night with some friends, all of whom were still oblivious to what was going on between us. I think some of them were beginning to wonder, though; all night Anya kept whispering things in my ear, mostly what she was going to do to me once we got back to our room. When we did get back, we were too exhausted to move and passed out, which made the morning very special. I awoke first and kissed Anya's lips. She kissed back and soon I was on top of her, grinding my pussy into hers until we both came. "You're getting really good at this," she said. We kissed and held each other for a awhile, drifting in and out of consciousness. When I awoke, it was nearly ten in the morning. Anya was sitting up, reading a letter written on pink stationary. I could tell from the childish penmanship that it was from Sandy. "I can't believe she still writes letters," I said. "Hasn't she ever heard of email?" 

"She likes writing letters," said Anya.

"Read it to me."

Anya sat across from me and I could tell that I was in for it. She actually turned red as she began:

Anya Honey,

So you finally got her. Congratulations! I knew that it was only a matter of time before you two hooked up. When I spoke to her on the phone the last time she was hot for you! Of course I fanned the flames a little--talked about what happened on the plane (sorry!) I got hot just talking about it. Things in NYC are ok...though I haven't been laid in months--maybe you and Karen can come down and visit??!!! Or maybe I should come up and visit you guys? We could have a lot of fun together. :)

"God, she writes like a child," I said.

"Give her a break," Anya said. "She's a model."

"So are you."

"I was a model."

We lay down together. Anya put her head on my shoulder and continued: 

I've been feeling really lonely lately. Jasmine forces me to go out almost every night, but we always wind up hanging with her loser friends. God...models are so dumb!!! Especially guys. But you know that already. I guess I'm repeating myself, bitching about the same shit that I always bitch about, but what can you do? I miss you. I've been playing with myself a lot lately, thinking about all the stuff we did together. I'm jealous of Karen. You guys must be having a lot of fun up there....

Anya put the letter down.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"Nothing," she said, blushing.

"Let me read." I took the letter from her. Anya began to giggle. As I read the passage about how Sandy seduced a girl she'd met at a club, which led to a description of her first night with Anya, I got wet again. While I was reading it, Anya began to rub my thigh and back, nibbling on my neck. Finally, I couldn't stand it anymore and I put down the letter and began kissing her.

"Here we go again," I said. Anya took my breast into her mouth and sucked. I moaned and then she sucked the other one and then went down on me. "Wait," I said and then I swiveled under her and we got into the sixty-nine position with her on top. I took her pussy in my mouth and devoured it. She moaned. My own pussy felt like it was on fire as she stuck her tongue inside of me, fucking me with it.

"It's so good," I whispered. Anya grabbed both of my ass cheeks with her hand and licked my entire pussy slowly. I pushed my drenched face into her and sucked on her clit. She moaned and her body began to tremble. "I'm close," she whispered. "I'm so fucking close."

"Wait for me, baby," I said, and then we both let go, diving into each other as we came, the warmth coming over us at the same time. Exhausted and drenched in each other's sweat, we collapsed on the bed, hardly able to speak or even breathe. Anya took me in her arms and we rested again. 

"We have to get up. I have mid-terms."

"Well, so do I," she said.

Finally we got up and showered and dressed. Anya went to Carlos' place and later, when I was back at the room checking my email, she IMed me that she'd invited Sandy up for the weekend. I didn't know what to write back. Finally I just typed" Uh...ok.

I didn't see Anya again for a couple of days. She'd holed herself up at her boyfriend's house to study for mid-terms. When I did see her, she was frantically packing more of her endless supply of clothing in a duffel bag to bring back to the apartment. "Don't you ever do laundry?" I asked her.

"only if I have to." she said. Then she sat on the edge of her bed and crossed her legs, one flip flop falling to the floor.

"Miss me?" She asked.

I blushed. "Sure," I said.

"Well, you'll have to wait until Saturday. that's when Sandy is getting in. She can only stay for one night, so we won't have much time."

"Time for what?"

She stood up and approached me. "Come here," she said.

I put my arms around her and we kissed. "Three more days," she said.

"I don't know if I can wait that long." I said.

Then Anya left, with another oversized duffel bag of designer clothes in tow. I tried to study but I could hardly concentrate. So I called Sandy, but only got her voice mail. Knowing that she was probably out partying, I told her to call me back as soon as she could. Then I masturbated and fell asleep. Sandy called at 4 a.m. I grabbed the phone from the floor and answered it.

"Hi," I whispered.

"Hey," she said. She was wide awake, but she sounded fucked up. I yawned and turned in the bed, resting my head on the pillow.

"You sound fucked up," I said.

She giggled. "I am."

"So what else is new." 

"Hey!"

"What did you do tonight?"

"Just out with friends. A new club."

"Have fun?"

"A little." She giggled again.

"What does that mean?"

"Oh nothing."

"So you're coming up on Saturday?"

"I guess."

"What do you mean you guess?"

"I guess I'm coming up."

"You don't sound so sure."

"I am."

"You are?"

"Yeah, I mean...I want to come up, but I'm a little nervous."

"About what?"

I heard noise in the background and then the phone drop. She picked it up again. "Hold on," she said.

I heard voices on the other end and then a door closing. Then I could hear her breathing. "Are you there?" I said.

"Yeah."

"What happened?"

"My roommate's boyfriend came over so I went into my room."

"Oh," I said.

"So where's Anya?"

"She's at her boyfriend's place."

"Oh."

"She's studying for midterms."

"I she there a lot?"

"Yeah."

"You guys still having sex."

"Yeah." I said.

"All the time, right?"

"Yeah."

She sighed and I could hear her moving around the room.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm taking my boots off."

"Okay."

"Okay they're off."

"Good."

She sighed again.

"So." she said.

"So."

"It's like the best sex you've ever had, right?"

I hesitated. I didn't know if I wanted to go there with her at that moment. She could say anything. And I knew that I was getting turned on and I didn't want to say anything that I might regret later. But I couldn't resist her cute little voice, which seemed to be begging me to say more.

"Yeah, pretty much."

"Pretty much?"

"We fuck a lot."

"It's so fun with her. Not like with anyone else."

"I wouldn't know."

"You'll fuck another girl someday."

"Someday," I said. "So how was your night?"

"You already asked me that."

"I know."

"We went out. Drank, took some drugs. I made out with my roommate."

"Her boyfriend didn't mind?"

"Of course not. So what about you?"

"Studied. Not much else. Went to sleep early."

"Why did you call me?"

"I don't know. Just wanted to touch base about Saturday."

"So what are we going to do up there?"

"There's a lot to do up here?"

"Is there?"

"Sure."

"From the way Anya's been talking it sounds like I'm going to get to the hotel and then you guys are going to rip my clothes off."

I fell silent for a moment and began to get wet. I put my finger inside my panties and touched myself.

"Is that what you want?"

"Yes..."

I put my finger inside my pussy and then began to rub my clit. I could hear Sandy breathing on the other end. She sounded just as excited as I was.

"I can't wait," I said.

"To what?"

I moaned.

"Fuck you," I whispered.

"We might not leave the room, Karen."

"I know."

"Anya told me everything."

"Yeah?"

"She told me how good you are. How you love to eat pussy."

"Uh huh," I said

"You're touching your pussy right now, aren't you?"

"Yes."

"So am I," she said.

"I want to come with you," I said.

"I'm almost there, baby."

"Oh yeah?"

"We're gonna get fucked up and then lick each other's pussies."

"I want that."

She moaned and then we both came, still holding the phones to our ears.