 Her name was Erin. Anya met her first. She lived down the hall from us and had kept a low profile until recently. Suddenly when we passed her in the hall we would wave and say hi. Anya was so good at small talk; I was still pretty shy and would smile as she walked by. She was tall, boyish with broad shoulders and had short blonde hair like Bibi Andersson's in "Persona". Not our usual type, or rather Anya's type, but she wanted her and I guess I did too but I didn't think that a repeat of our threesome with Sandy was appropriate. And she seemed to be playing hard to get. Anya had lunch with her and learned her whole story. She had recently broken up with her girlfriend and was reluctant to start a new relationship. And there was a story about a married older woman that she had hooked up with when she was working as a barista over the summer. But she wouldn't give Anya any of the gory details, only that she'd bought her some expensive clothes and makeup, and that for the first time in her life she was enjoying her feminine, flirtatious side. And she had some friends in the dorm and some friends off campus and seemed to be immune to the spell that Anya seemed to cast over everyone she desired.

And then one night, the inevitable happened. Anya had the bright idea of continuing our lovemaking in the shower. We'd drank a lot of champagne that evening as well so we were feeling a little more daring than usual and a bit careless. It was three in the morning when we left our room and tiptoed down to the showers. It was a school night, so we thought that we would be alone and we were for at least a few minutes when Erin walked in. We were in a corner shower stall and my first instinct was to be completely silent. We heard a toilet flush and then footsteps to the door which creaked loudly when opened. Only this time it stopped when Anya bent down and put her tongue on my asshole and licked. I gasped and then quickly covered my mouth as Anya continued to eat my ass out. We heard footsteps coming toward us and then the curtain to our stall opened and it was her. She seemed dazed at first and then suddenly kicked off her flip flops, pulled off her tank top and boxer shorts and joined us. Anya stood up and took her hand and pulled her toward us. She was very lean and muscular in that way that tennis players are and I noticed for the first time how blue her eyes were, as they were wide open when Anya deep kissed her and then turned her to me. I kissed her hard and she put her hand behind my head and drew me closer. Anya put her arms around her waist and then put one hand down to her shaved pussy and rubbed her clit as we continued to kiss and caress each other. She shuddered as Anya began to finger fuck her hard and she grabbed my ass cheeks and kissed and licked my neck and then bit my earlobe. Then she leaned back closed her eyes and as I kissed and licked her nipples and sucked on her tits (bee-stings she would call them later) Anya bent down and licked her ass while continuing to finger fuck her as the water came down and covered us as Erin seemed to lose total control of her body as she cried out, as she came in our arms. When she more or less came to she turned to 

Anya and kissed her and whispered into her ear. 

"Lick her pussy," Anya said. 

Erin pulled me toward her and we kissed and then she crouched down and kissed my thighs and then my pussy, spreading my pussy lips wide and licking and kissing around my clit as Anya put her fingers through her short hair. It felt amazing. She was as good as Anya, if not better, as she was a real lesbian, not just a fucked-up sex-obsessed bisexual model. She flattened her tongue and licked and then sucked on my pussy lips looking up at me and smiling. Anya let go of her and leaned against the wall and began to masturbate as she watched me lean against the opposite wall and caress the back of Erin's head as she grabbed my ass hard again and brought me to orgasm with her expert tongue and soft lips. And then, as if it was a dream, she was gone, kissing us both and whispering a "Thank you" and waving as she put her clothes back on and left us, as if she had done this before.

And then we didn't see her for a while. Anya and I took more showers, hoping that she might join us, but never did. During our Winter break, Anya and I texted each other, mostly when we were horny, which was often, even though I knew that she was staying with Sandy the whole time and probably clubbing every night and fucking her brains out every morning while I went home to my parent's house and exercised, watched bad reality TV and read erotic fiction. When I got back to school, Anya announced that she was transferring at the end of the semester. I shouldn't have been so shocked. I knew that Anya was not a very interested student and wanted to go to F.I.T. And then told me that she hooked up with Erin. For some reason this made me furious. I sat down on the bed and put my face in my hands and felt like I might burst into tears. "What's wrong?" She asked.

"Nothing."

"Are you jealous?"

I couldn't answer the question. I was more jealous that Erin had slept with Anya than the other way around. I realized that it was Erin that I wanted, not Anya. Our relationship was coming to an end and I didn't want Anya to ruin any chance I might have with Erin. Of course I hadn't made any effort to get to know Erin and Anya had.

"Hey," Anya said.

"Hey what?"

Anya sat next to me on the bed and began rubbing my back. We had put in a queen-sized futon bed by this time, moving the skinny dorm bed mattresses and frames to a corner of the room. This didn't give us much space, but it was perfect for our lovemaking, which had become awkward under the old arrangement and I was worried that we were making too much noise. 

"You're upset with me."

"I guess..." Suddenly my eyes welled up with tears. Anya put her arm around my waist and drew me closer. 

"I'm sorry," she said. "She was in the city and she texted me. That woman she was sleeping with was out of town and let her stay at her apartment. She invited me over."

"With Sandy?

"No. In fact I barely saw Sandy this time. She had to go to Singapore."

"So what happened?"

"I went over there and we drank some wine and then we had sex."

"Great."

"We talked about you."

"Before...and after and in between, I don't know."

"And what did she say?"

"She likes you."

"She doesn't even know me."

"She licked your pussy...

"Yes," I said, laughing. "She did do that."

"She wants to get to know you and I think you guys would be perfect for each other. The fact that we hooked up doesn't mean that you shouldn't hook up with her. "

"Oh?"

"I'm going to be gone. You guys would be crazy not to give it a try."

"Uh huh.""

"Of course this means that you should have a conversation first. Erin says that you barely say hello when you see each other in the hallway."

"I say hello."

"You're very shy. Look up when you say hello to her make eye contact. She likes you."

"Okay." 

Anya kissed me and then got up and began unpacking her bag. "You're so cute," she said. 

"I don't feel cute." 

Anya pulled out a new dildo and threw it on the bed. "So want do you want to do?"

"Fuck all day?"

She laughed then sat down on the bed. "I have to go to the office and pay my tuition bill this afternoon, but we have a few hours." She kissed me again and we began making out like we had just met. It was hot. My pussy was soaking wet by this point; I'd been thinking about Erin and Anya in bed together and while it was upsetting at first, it also was an incredible turn-on. "Did you use your new toy on her?" I asked.

"No."

"Why not?

"It's not really her thing. She's a real lesbian, you know? Never been with a man."

Anya pulled my t-shirt off and unhooked my bra. 

"I've missed this," she said.

"But she likes bi women..."

Anya took a nibble in her mouth and bit down. It hurt. "Do you want to talk or do you want to fuck?" She asked.

"Fuck"

"You're worse that her."

She bit harder and then sucked on my nipples as I laid back and pulled off my jeans. Anya got on top of me and ground into me. I pulled up her shirt and put my hands inside her panties. "Come here," she said. She moved up to face me and we kissed passionately for several minutes. It was better than the sex. It still made me a little giddy to think that I shared a bed with this beautiful woman who was basically insatiable and would do anything I asked her to do. But what I loved most was when we were naked on these sheets having our way with each other. I unzipped her tight dress and she wriggled out of it and lay on her back. I pulled her panties off and spread her legs apart. 

"Tan lines," I said, looking at her pussy. "So sexy."

"I did it for you."

"So bad for your skin, though."

I licked the inside of her calf and then moved down to her now bare pussy. "Like Erin's," I said.

"Shut up about her."

"Anyway, I love it."

She sat up and kissed me and I pulled off my panties and we got into a 69 position and ate each other out. The heat from the dorm radiators must've been going full blast because we were covered in sweat within a few minutes. I could feel a drop of sweat fall off my nose as I buried my face in her pussy, licking and sucking her folds as she licked and sucked mine. I was on top for a change, and I thought about what it would be like I Erin walked in on us, two skinny blondes moaning as they went down on each other. Of course I knew the answer to that question, but it excited me nonetheless. At this point in our relationship, we knew exactly when we were making the other cum and I hesitated a minute as Anya worked my clit with her fingers and tongue and then as I sucked on her pussy lips and licked her clit one last time she began to buck under me and I let go and we came together. She moaned loudly, which was unusual for her and whether it was just the fact that this was the longest we had went without having sex -- or the emotions I was feeling that day -- it made me have the most intense orgasm of my life. I nearly passed out from the intensity. We kissed and cuddled for a few minutes and then Anya, anxious to try out her new toy, fucked me to exhaustion, or rather, until she had to go to pay her tuition, which was about an hour. Then we took showers and dressed. Anya left and I flipped open our laptop and saw that Erin had friended me.