 I'm awakened from the most blissful slumber. The walls are shaking with a loud rhythmic thud. Someone's blasting their music. I look over at the clock on the nightstand; 7:30! "Who the hell blast that shit at this time?" Nothing I do drowns out the sound, then suddenly, silence. No matter, I'm up now. There's no way I can get back to sleep, but I don't want to get out of bed yet. My boyfriend, Jeff, had gone away for a week and asked me to keep an eye on his apartment. Although it's a pretty quiet building, there are always those few who have no regard for others. 

I'll watch some TV. I turn on the television and flip through the channels. Nothing on yet but infomercials. I have a few videos, I'll watch one of those. I get up and go to my bag in the corner and sort through the tapes that I brought from home. I'm not really in the mood for any of these, until I come across an unmarked tape. It's my "special inspiration" tape. I made this tape a few months ago. I got bored with my collection of standard porn so decided to make my own. I used my parents' video camera with a small remote. 

I pop the tape into the VCR and jump back into bed. Propping myself up on a few pillows, I hit play on the remote. My first installment was originally a test of just me masturbating. Call it narcissistic, but I like seeing myself that way. For me it made a good start to the tape. The next scene was taped surreptitiously in my room and contained a quick but intense session I had with Jeff. I feel ready to pop from this but decided to prolong my please this time. 

A third scene was also recorded in secret and for pretty good reason. I had taped my brother fucking his luscious girlfriend Stacey. It wasn't easy and it took me a few tries before I got the camera hidden in his room at the right angle, but it was worth it. I usually don't get this far, so this was making me pretty hot. I have to say my brother actually is pretty good at it too. He's very oral. He really gets Stacy going.

My final installment on the tape always does it for me. It's of my first my first female love, Danielle, taking it but good doggie style by me with my strap-on. At the time I taped it I was even more excited because we were doing it in my parents' house on the living room couch. Anyone could have come home and walked in on us at any time. That added such a rush for me. 

I'm really worked up by now but want to hold out for the finale. Both Danielle and I cum at the same time. The camera angle is so perfect. Her back is arched pushing her ass high up and her perfect tits are dangling below her shaking and flopping with each of my thrust. I have her long hair in my hands like the reins of a horse and I'm pulling her head back. I match the action on the screen with my fingers, plunging them into my sopping wet quim. Danielle screams as her body is racked by multiple orgasms. She's yelling out obscenities just the way I like as I climax on screen with her. Off screen tears well up in my eyes from the profound orgasm sweeping through me.

Minutes have passed when I come to my senses, the TV just displays blue screen from the end of the tape. I roll out of bed and make my way to the bathroom to clean up. The phone rings as I finish up. It's Sarah, a girl I met a few nights before in a club. We both hit it off and drank too much together. As a result I wound up telling her way too much about my life and apparently my lust for her. I thought my forwardness scared her off, I guess not. She said she's in the area and asks if I want to do anything. A million dirty things run through my mind, but I just suggest the mall. She agrees and I give her directions here.

That gives me a few minutes to get ready, so I get the tape and put it back in my bag and jump in the shower. When I finish, throw on a robe and start to do my hair. Right then, there's a knock at the door. "Wow, that was fast" I say heading to the door. To my surprise it's not Sarah, but Andrea. 

Andrea is one of Jeff's neighbors from upstairs. We all hang out sometimes with her and her husband. She's about 31 and very pretty. She's a fourth grade teacher from South Carolina and he's from France. She has blonde shoulder length hair and fair skin. When she's home relaxing, she usually wears these tiny black shorts and a tank top with no bra. She's fairly thin, but has pretty large breasts for a woman of her size. They hang and bounce nicely under the thin material of the tank top. To add to it she has the sweetest South Carolina drawl when she talks. I get a kick out her calling us "yo'all". I've fantasized about her since I the first time I met her.

"I'm sorry, did I wake you?" she asks

"No, the jackass with the stereo did. I was just getting ready for a friend to come over. You want to come in for a minute?" 

It is only about nine in the morning and already the South Florida heat is dreadful. It's the kind of sticky heat that makes you sweat as soon as it touches you.

"Only if its not a bother to yo'all. "

"Not at all", I giggle back. Jeff's away for the week. I'm watching the place for him."

"My husband's in Paris on business and to see his parents. He left yesterday. That's why I came down. I just want to see if you wanted to do anything today."

Just then, another knock at the door. This time I look through the peephole; it's Sarah and I'm still in my robe. I open the door to let Sarah in. Before I close the door I notice the clouds are building up and there's a strong breeze. By the time the door is closed, sheets of rain begin to fall.

"Looks like you just made it." I say, then I introduce her to Andrea, and I excuse my self to finish getting dressed. I yell from the bathroom, "if you want something to do, I brought some videos with me from home. They're in my bag. See if there's one you like and you can borrow it."

While I'm dressing I catch myself in the mirror and decide I want to do my hair a different way. Andrea can keep Sarah company until I'm done. I wet my hair, then grab the blow dryer and get to work. When I turn the blow dryer off, I hear yelling coming from the living room. I recognize the voice and realize it's coming from the TV. 

"Oh shit! My tape!" I think to myself while running into the living room. The door from the living room to the bedroom is behind the couch. As I run in I can see the image on the TV is of Danielle and me. Andrea and Sarah are transfixed to the sight. I make my way to the couch and kick the side of the desk on the way. I yelp in pain and hop up and down on one foot while holding my injured toes.

Immediately Andrea stops the tape and they both jump like kids being caught by their parents doing something they shouldn't. Andrea looks embarrassed, as does Sarah. I fall onto the floor on my butt and cross my legs, still nursing my sore foot. My face turns red from my own embarrassment. I give a half look to the girls and try to explain. "I think you found the wrong tape." 

Sarah breaks into a toothy grin, "Lysa you dog. Aren't you the little freak." Andrea chimes in with, "Who would have known little ol' you has sex like that?! Does Jeff know? Did he make the tape with you?"

"No. I did it. Well the first part we made together, but I did the rest. Is that as far as you got…Danielle and me?"

"You mean there's more?" Sarah asks with an excited curiosity. 

"Id rather you not go through it all. I'm humiliated enough right now. Andrea please don't tell Jeff. He really doesn't know about any of this."

"What exactly do you think I would say, 'Wow I saw some great video of Lysa screwing a girl.' Don't worry it'll be our secret. If you want I'll tell you a secret that my husband doesn't know to make us even."

"Really I trust you, you don't have to…"

"Now fair is fair. I've been cheating with a couple I know from work. A student's parents. There now we're even. I won't tell your secret if you don't tell mine."

I sit there dumbfounded for a minute, my mouth hanging open. It takes that long for what she just said to sink in. When it finally does, I don't feel so upset. I get up off the floor and walk over to the chair next to the couch. Sarah's eyes follow me the whole way. She's noticeably checking me out. I look down to see my robe was a little undone and my bra was visible. I think about fixing it, but decide against it. I want to see if this goes anywhere with either of them.

"So Sarah, while we're at it, do you have any secrets yo'all want to share?" Andrea asks. She looks over my way and gives me a wink and a smile as she says it. Sarah blushes and looks down at the floor smiling. 

"This is just turning into a big game of truth or dare, isn't it?" I say.

Sarah looks up and says, "But so far we've only had some truth and no dares."

"What would be a good dare here?" I ask without much thought.

Sarah comes back without hesitation, "Do to me and Andrea what you did to the girl in your video."

I'm visibly taken aback by Sarah's candor, but after seeing the look in Andrea's eyes, I couldn't pass this up. I knew that Sarah was going to be naked in my bed before the end of the day when she called earlier, but I never thought in a million years I'd get Andrea. I start to feel the tingle between my legs and my body trembles at the thought of taking a practical stranger and the married schoolteacher from upstairs. 

Aside from the sound of the storm coming from outside, the apartment is totally quiet. None of us make a move for what feels like an eon, then Andrea breaks the silence. "Well the dare's still out there. What do you say? It's not like any of us have anything else to do today and after what I saw on that video, I'd much rather do something with you two than go upstairs by myself."

I close my eyes and stand up. I reach down and unfasten my robe and let it drop to the floor. "OK, Let's do it! Who's first?" Both girls look at each other and spring up yelling "Me!" 

"That's what I thought. I think we can accommodate each other. Let's go to the bedroom. It'll be more comfortable in there. "

We all make our way in to the bedroom and I start to remove what little I'm wearing. My panties feel damp as I slide them down and my excitement level grows with each passing second. I look at Andrea and Sarah standing next to each other looking at me. Sarah reaches out and lightly brushes her fingertips on my naked shoulder and traces it down my arm. Her lightest touch raises goose bumps all over my body and causes me to shudder. Now she stands in front of me quite close. Her perfume smells sweet as I breathe in deeply. Our faces draw near and we both close our eyes and kiss. I pull her body to mine in a tight embrace. My heart is racing and we are both breathing heavy into each other's mouth. Our tongue dance as our hands wander over every curve and line. 

I reach behind Sarah and undo the zipper on her skirt. With one motion I hook my thumbs under the waistband and pull it and her panties down over her hips. She wriggles them down the rest of the way and they fall into a pool on the floor, then she kicks them to the side. We kiss again quickly, then I remove her blouse and finally her bra. Her body truly looks glorious naked in front of me. Her sweet lips and caring eyes hide a passion and sexuality that exudes from every inch of her voluptuous body. I find evidence of this in every kiss she plants on my lips, face, neck and breasts. I begin to lose myself in the moment when I see motion out of the corner of my eye. I had all but forgotten about Andrea.

I snap to, as if I had woken from a trance. Andrea seems to be doing fine. She has made herself at home in the bed. She undressed without my noticing and is lying with her legs spread, massaging her clit. She pats the bed with her free hand in invitation. Sarah and I join her enthusiastically, one on each side. I lean on my left elbow facing Andrea on her right and Sarah mirrors me on Andrea's left. All three of us are smiling like little girls at Christmas. Andrea brings her hand from between her legs and licks at her fingers, then traces a glistening line on her lips. I lean in and with closed eyes and abated breath, kiss her softly. Lightly I let my tongue follow the outline drawn in vaginal juice and saliva along her silky lips. We kiss again, this time more passionately. Our mouths open and begin to wrestle and feel out each other's mouth.

Sarah begins her own exploration of Andrea's body, rubbing her hand from just between her exquisite breast, down to her flat tummy and then joins Andrea's hand on her pussy. Andrea spreads her legs to allow for both hands to do what they will. Then Sarah lowers her head to one of Andrea's breasts and sucks in a stiff nipple. Andrea lets a small moan escape into my mouth through our unbroken kiss and shutters run through her body. Sarah also moans while she sucks on the ever-hardening nipple. She teases Andrea by pulling on the nipple then letting it pop from her mouth. Each time this brings a shutter and a whimper from Andrea. 

I feel the small fire begin to ignite in my pussy and start to bump my hips against Andrea's leg. She pushes is into meet me, then I lift my leg and wrap it over hers, pinning it against my cunt and I start to grind. I break the kiss and tilt my head back to let out a long "OOOOHHHH". Then I press my mouth onto her right breast. I take in as much of the soft flesh as I can and suck hard, flicking her nipple with my tongue. I hold the tit in place and continue to suck, as does Sarah. The pale skin on Andrea's chest has become flushed and small drops of sweat are starting to appear. She is more vocal, muttering incomprehensible words in between breathless gasps and low moans. She slips her arms behind Sarah and me, allowing Sarah to do all the work on her velvet pussy. 

Sarah is rubbing in circular motions around Andrea's clit, which looks like the small, pink bud of a flower protruding from bight red rose petals. Her juices make this look even more resplendent. My own juices were coating the insides of my legs as well as Andrea's as I worked my pussy against it. Suddenly with almost no warning, Andrea yells out, "Oh sweetie that's it…mmmmm…I'm cumming!" Her whole body tightens up and she thrusts her pelvis forward several times. Then she sinks back down and plants a kiss on Sarah's forehead. 

"Oh Sarah. Thanks, I needed that." Andrea says with a smile and all of us giggle.

Sarah answers back, "I'm happy you enjoyed it, but now I really need to cum and I think it's time Lysa grabs her toy and gets down to business."

I roll off the bed and go over to the dresser where I stashed my dildo with its harness and strapped it on. Sarah and Andrea kept busy by making out and caressing each other. They stop and glared open mouthed at me with kneeling on the bed with this massive phallus jutting from my pelvis. Sarah giggles somewhat nervously and says, "I didn't realize it was so…big." I can tell she's never had anything like this in her before. " A deal's a deal." I say. " You asked for it, now your gonna get it…unless you're not up to it now?" I taunt. 

"Well of course I can take it, I think." 

"Well then come on over and prove it or is Andrea the only one to have fun today?"

Sarah looks down at Andrea as if to ask for encouragement. Andrea looks back with a wide-eyed smile and just nods. Then Sarah takes up a position in front of me on her hands and knees. 

"Don't worry Baby, I'll be gentle…at first." I offer as both consolation and warning. I always get a massive power trip from the control I have with my strap on. It's adds a completely different level to my sexual excitement and brings out my dominant side I never knew I had. 

I lick my hand and use the saliva to lube the end of my rod before I press the head against Sarah's leaking snatch. Slowly I guide the pliant rubber into her and sink it deeper and deeper. Sarah inhales quickly when I penetrate her then releases a long sigh as the shaft is engulfed. I release my grip on the dildo when it reached the halfway point and take hold of her hips to draw her toward me as I impale her. I can see her hands are tightly clenching the sheets, turning her knuckles white. She looks back at me wincing.

"Do you want me to slow down?"

"No! Keep going!" she says almost gruffly. 

Sarah's pussy has taken almost the entire length when I finally feel more resistance to my pushing and she yells out. I leave the pole planted in her for a moment and just rub my hands over her plump ass and take in the view of my toy stretching this beautiful girl's hole beyond belief. Then I start to withdraw until I see the crest of its head peaking out and begin to push in again. This time it's much easier and I slide it in a little faster until I hear Sarah grunt and I can't push any more of the dick's length into her. I repeat this process over increasing the cadence and force of my pumping each time. I hold back, however, until I know she is ready. 

Sarah begins to push back against my thrust, grunting and moaning with her increasing pleasure. I meet her motion with my full weight behind each plunge. I hold onto her hips and pull her to me forcefully maintaining our rhythm. Sarah's groans become whimpers, then escalate into wailing, filling the room mixed with the sound of our bodies slapping together. Her skin is glistening in the dim light. I can feel my own heart pounding as I put everything I have into this. 

I start to feel the wonderful sense of inebriation I get when I really get into the tawdry act I'm committing. I'm overcome by a wave of power and control I have with this girl. I slap her ass and She cries out a startled "AHH!" I slap her several more times in quick succession with the same response. Then I stop briefly and roll her over onto her back and pull her legs up over my shoulders. Keeping a tight hold on her thighs, I pound the strap-on into her again vigorously. Her large tits are bouncing up and down. Andrea continues looking on, scarcely blinking and frantically fingering herself. 

"Are you going to cum for me soon, Baby?"

"Oh shit yeah!" she growls out.

" You like this? You like putting on a show for Andrea? Like a little whore?"

"Fuck yeah!"

"Make sure you say my name when you cum, Baby and tell me how much you love me for making you cum."

I lean forward a little to make sure the rubber cock is at the same angle that usually hits my G spot when it's inside me. I must have hit her's because she clenches at her chest and bucks her hips wildly. She starts screaming my name, "Lysa! Oh fucking yeah. I cumming!"

"That's it bitch, cum for me. Say you love me for it!"

"I do! I do! I love you so much. Keep making me cum!"

I stop my pounding and just let the cock stay in her as I grind my pelvis against my end. Every slam into her had sent shockwaves through me. I wanted to experience my own small orgasm together with Sarah. It doesn't take long before I feel it come over me. To my side, Andrea is awash in her own self-induced orgasm. The three of us remain silent, save for the sounds of our heavy breathing, and we savor the glow we have achieved. 

My intoxicating sensation slowly melts away and my body becomes heavy. I withdraw from Sarah's now gaping cunt and we both slide over to Andrea and lay in each other's arms. Sarah seems spent, but I haven't been satiated at all, nor is Andrea from what I could tell. The storm outside seems to have gotten worse and thunder can be heard. So none of us are in a great hurry to end our session. I know there's still plenty more to come.