 A flash of white light fills the room, then darkness. Seconds later a booming sound reverberates throughout. The dim lamplight in the bedroom flickers then dies out. The sound of the heavy raindrops hitting the window adds to the storms seeming ferocity. "Looks like the storm's getting pretty bad out there. I think we should all stay right here until the weather calms down.", I say while Andrea traces little circles with her fingertip around my pert breasts. She plants small wispy kisses on my chest and neck. Then she whispers in my ear, " I think that's a good plan and we're not done yet anyway." 

I continue to lie on my back, my thick rubber pole standing straight up from my pubis. Andrea rolls over onto her side to face me and rubs the palm of her hand over my still sensitive nipples and then down to the strap-on. She grasps it and then slowly slides her hand up and down the length. She shifts herself on the bed again to bring her face over the tip of the fake cock. Andrea's now kneeling between my legs, both hands holding onto the shaft and she lowers her mouth to the thick member. He tongue meets the tip of its head, then the head itself disappears into her mouth. She then pops it out of her mouth and sticks her tongue out to lick my toy along the length of the underside from bottom to top. Her blonde hair drops down and tickles my pussy as she brings her head low to lick the base and fake balls.

Meanwhile, Sarah's moves in to take the space left vacant by Andrea. She has a drowsy look in her eyes and a content smile on her face. I can see I really wore her out. I give her a quick kiss before she lays her head on my chest and pulls her body close to mine. My heart begins to pound again, this time with an unquenchable lust for these two beautiful girls. I rest my right hand on Sarah's back and stroke my fingers through her hair with my left hand. 

"I can here your heart. It's beating so loud."

"That's because of you two. The two of you are so gorgeous, I can't help myself." I say kissing the top of her head.

"I'm so happy I called you today. I was afraid you weren't sincere the other night when we met at the club. I've never done anything like this ever. I knew I wanted to sleep with you, but I never dreamed it would be like this. I'm happy my first time could be with you two."

My heart skips a beat, "First time?"

"Don't you remember? At the club I told you I've always wanted to be with a woman and you said you'd love to be that first time." Sarah said sounding a little concerned.

"Except for meeting you, I don't remember much. I had a bit too much to drink. Please don't be mad Sweetie."

"Of course not. It all turned out OK after all." She said then lifted her head and kissed my chest between my breasts.

Andrea stops her sucking and licking long enough to say almost crassly, "Oh Baby, you're a virgin to women? You didn't act like it when you ate me out. I'll really have to return the favor now. Scoot over a little bit. I want to feel this in me now."

Sarah gives enough room for Andrea to climb on top of me. She lay squatting over the head of my dick, then eases herself down. Slowly she guides the pole into her cunt until it's completely buried and she kneels down resting most of her weight on me. Then she begins to shift her hips back and forth with a sexy look of pleasure on her face. "This thing's really incredible, it's filled up every inch." Andrea says with a slight pause here and there.

Sarah kisses each of my tits and then straddles my face, placing her hands on the wall above the bed for support. Her wet cunt presses against my mouth and the pungent aroma of her sex fills my nose. My tongue automatically darts up into her hole and I lick for all I'm worth. Andrea's moans are muffled by Sarah's legs wrapped around the sides of my head. My hands find there way around her plump ass and I kneed it like dough. The tangy taste of her pussy floods my mouth as Sarah grinds her pussy hard into my face. Her cum flows into my nostrils and mouth and drenches my face. The flavor is a mix of sweet/tart and salty. I continue my tongue-work and reach between her cheeks to her delicate rosebud. I tease the tight brown hole with my finger until it slips in up to the first knuckle. Sarah moans loudly and continues grinding on my face. 

Andrea is grinding her own pussy all over the pole strapped to me while she claws at my stomach and clutches her breasts. The whole time she lets out a series of grunts and snorting sounds as she's hit with orgasm after orgasm. Her motions alternate from a slow gyration to a fast forward and backward grind, then an up and down movement. After what felt about twenty minutes of this, Andrea's movements become more deliberate until all motion stops except the trembling of her legs against my sides. Andrea is in the midst of a massive climax.

I feel Andrea slide off and lay curled up next to me as I signal to Sarah to get down as well. I kiss both women then lift my hips and undo the strap-on. It was starting to pinch my skin a bit. I glance over at the clock and see that it's now early afternoon and the storm has finally abated. I lay back down between the two lovely ladies, and close my eyes and drift off into contented slumber. When I wake up, it's dark in the room. I find a letter from both Sarah and Andrea next to me. They had left me to sleep. Andrea wrote that she just be upstairs if I want some more company and Sarah wrote that she'll call me later that night. Both girls signed it with a lipstick kiss.