 "Are we nearly there yet?" murmured the young blonde girl, as she crouched down on the carpet, pressing two of her fingers in and out of the exposed sex of her aunt's best friend, Margaret Nash. 

Peggy started up at this unwanted disruption to her pleasures at raised herself up on her elbows. She sat up and seized hold of the top knot of the blonde's hair, forcing the teenager to crouch forward awkwardly. Peggy didn't care. She was focused on dragging the chit roughly out of her reverie, since the girl's poorly chosen words has stolen Peggy's own pleasure so abruptly. 

It was a good thing the girl was agile enough for an eighteen year old. She was prepared to bend to any whim of Peggy's now, having become used to her ways over the three months of their acquaintance. 

The girl was, of course completely naked, her clothes piled up on the sofa next to the older woman. Peggy Nash, on the other hand apart from the rucked-up skirt of her green and pink dress (and her matching panties round one ankle) was fully dressed, reflecting their respective statuses: owner and owned. 

"What exactly do you mean, Kirsty?" Peggy hissed. 

"I was wondering about the future," stammered the slim hipped girl.

"What about the future?"

"Well, we were talking about it last night."

"Yes, we were."

"And you were telling me things you saw in my future."

"I was indeed."

"This is the future, isn't it?"

"That it is."

"Why aren't they all here yet, then?"

"You are too impatient for your own good sometimes," Peggy smiled and finally relinquished her grip on Kirsty's aching scalp.

"I was only asking, miss."

"Having you kneel down there; and using your clever little fingers were amongst your predictions, were they not?"

"They were, miss."

"Are you wondering why haven't I slipped that collar on the coffee table around your throat yet?"

"I think you should, miss."

"So do I, pet; go fetch." 

Kirsty crawled across the thick white shag carpet and reached up to take hold of the thin black collar. It was leather, covered velvet and had a little bell on it.

"No hands, Sweetheart," Peggy warned, looking at the girl's naked bottom quivering as she jerked away from the leather collar. Kirsty started. It was as if it was so hot, she couldn't touch it. "Bring it to your owner in your mouth, like the good bitch you are."

"Yeth Mith," she slurred; her mouth full of the leathery taste of the collar.

"I am no myth as far as you are concerned, young lady," Peggy chuckled as Kirsty knelt up to offer it to her. 

She watched as Kirsty sat back up, watching as the girl's nipples perking up at this realisation of her fantasy and, observing Kirsty's bottom pushing against her calves as she tried to hold position as she knew Peggy liked. 

"Good girl. You need to work on the saliva though. Chin up."

"Yes miss."

"A leash will become you well too," Peggy smiled, pulling the buckle a little tighter than she really needed to, listening to Kirsty stifling a swallow to adjust to this new constraint.

"Do you have one, miss?" Kirsty responded eagerly, recovering herself quickly.

"There's one in the kitchen." 

"Is that where you plan to lead me?"

"I had thought that could be one of several destinations today, but we have other matters to occupy us right now."

"Do we miss?"

"We do."

"Would you give me a for instance, please?"

"Such as why were you thinking of the future when toying with my pussy."

"Did it make any difference, miss?"

"Not until you mentioned it."

"Isn't that all right, then?"

"Alas, not," Peggy sighed. "Slide my panties back on and tidy my skirt like a good toy."

"Yes miss."

"Do you remember my telling you how I would spank you, sweetheart?"

"I do miss," said Kirsty, carefully smoothing her owner's skirt. "The thought made me quite wet."

"You, young lady are a very dirty girl."

"I'm your very dirty girl, miss."

"Thank you for that."

"Thank you for training me to please you, miss."

"Are you wet now?"

"A little bit."

"Then we'd better get you wetter fairly soon."

"Why's that?"

"Why do you think?"

"To help you use me as you see fit, miss?"

"Correct."

"You like correcting me, don't you, miss?"

"Almost as much as you like being corrected, my little blonde bitch; now, move off the carpet."

Kirsty shuffled obediently, albeit a little awkwardly onto the wooden floor.

"Turn away from me and lean down, girl."

"Yes miss."

"Arch your back. I want to see your tits touching the floor."

"Like this, miss?"

"Very much like that. Now spread your legs. Wider."

"Yes miss."

"You look utterly obscene, pet."

"Reach back and play with that sweet cunt. I want to see your shoulders touching the floor as you tease more wetness out."

"It's already very wet, miss."

"I can see that. Good thing you're on the floor now. I don't want the carpet damaged."

"No, that wouldn't do at all, miss."

"I'm glad you appreciate the need to look after the furnishings."

"I'm glad you appreciate the need to look after your property, miss."

"Don't sass me toy."

"I was only saying..."

"Well don't."

"Sorry miss."

"Did I tell you to stop?"

"No Miss Margaret."

"Then, keep playing."

"Will you be using your strap-on later, miss."

"Don't you worry about me; concentrate on getting your pussy ready for use, girl. I'm going to fetch some things."

"The strap-on, miss?" 

"Amongst other items," Peggy smiled at Kirsty's hopeful gaze, stood up and made to walk round her. 

Then, she paused, crouched down and ran her hand slowly down the curve of the teenager's back, before spreading her fingers wide. 

With well-cultivated skill Peggy interlaced them in the thick strands of Kirsty's hair, gripping her firmly and tugging the young woman's head back quite forcefully. It made Peggy think of fucking that mouth again. It made Kirsty think of that too apparently for she looked up at Peggy and swallowed hard. 

"Did I tell you to stop, Kirsty?"

"No miss."

"Then, why aren't you masturbating your pussy?"

"I thought you wanted my full attention."

"You thought wrong, little cunt."

"I'm sorry miss."

"You don't look sorry."

"I can't help that."

"What did I say about sassing me, Kirsty?"

"Not to do it, miss."

"Then don't be disorderly."

"I was only asking, miss," Kirsty pouted up at her.

"There again, being naked and splayed, like the cunt you are; I don't suppose I can expect anything other than you being disorderly."

"I like living down to your expectations miss."

"Then carry on molesting your pussy, while I get those things. Would you like a drink sweetheart?"

"Yes, please miss."

"A thirsty Kirsty: lovely."

"You are a tease, miss."

"I love the way your bell tinkles when you nod your head."

"Correction: a wicked tease miss."

"As well you know; any particular preference, drink-wise?"

"Water would be good."

"Still or sparkling?"

"Still."

"Well, don't you stay too still while I'm playing host; I want your pussy to be sopping wet when I return. And you can finger your arsehole when your fingers are wet enough. I'll be using that later; and pet?"

"Yes miss?"

"Don't cum."

"As if I would without permission, miss!"

"You are quite the little treasure, sweetheart. Do you want ice?"

"Yes please."

"Should help cool you off, when you've warmed up for me."

"Thank you for your consideration."

"Thank me properly," Peggy said, releasing Kirsty's blonde locks and standing up again.

"Yes miss," she pouted and leant forward to kiss the toe of one of Peggy's black court shoes.

"And the other one, pet; good: and keep playing with yourself! and tell me: are you any good at undressing in the dark?"

"But, it's daylight and I'm already naked."

"Mere details: now hold your head still. I'm going to slip this sleep blindfold on. See it matches my dress."

"Oooh! It's one of the things. You are so naughty, miss, concealing it in your handbag."

"I thought you liked surprising in my handbag?"

"I do miss: very much so."

"Do you know why there has always been a mystery and excitement surrounding the use of blindfolds?"

"Sensory deprivation, miss?"

"Well yes. That's at the heart of it, but the devil is in the detail. They hide the faces of our super heroines or in the privacy of our bedrooms the identity of our lovers."

"But, you already know who I am, miss?"

"It's more a question of what you are."

"I am your little cunt, miss."

"As well we both know; but think about it: in sex a sensuous silk or satin scarf allows the emotions to be heightened in the games of bondage played by the dominant and submissive."

"That's us miss, but..."

"But what?"

"But, where's the sensuous silk or satin scarf?"

"I'll be using those later, puss."

"You are far too good for me. Oooh: this smells of some kind of herb." 

"It's good to see that being blindfold stimulates your other senses."

"Are you training me, miss?"

"I'm always training you, Kirsty."

"Your devotion is simply wonderful miss."

"So your aunt tells me."

"Do you think Auntie Aggie knows about us?"

"I'm quite sure Agatha knows all about you, young lady."

"Oh! How utterly shaming!"

"Not at all: at least, she didn't blush at all at the photographs I showed her of you coming on the end of my strappy."

"Oh! How could you? I'm mortified!"

"Well they were rather more intimate than the ones she took of you in your bath to lure me into taking you in hand."

"Aunty Agatha took pictures of me in my bath!"

"She did. Now stop looking indignant and pay attention. I want you to carry on stimulating yourself until the scent of your arousal drowns out the lavender completely."

"That may need a lot of stimulation, miss."

"You'd better get on with it then, hadn't you?"

"Yes miss."

"Right drinks!" Peggy said determinedly and walked into the kitchen. 

Kirsty giggled to herself as she continued to fondle her sex obediently. She could hear Peggy opening fridges and cupboards, clattering about in there as if unfamiliar with the contents of her own kitchen. 

Actually, Kirsty thought, Peggy probably was unfamiliar, given the fact she was totally reliant on her maid, Francoise; but it was Sunday and the maid had the day off. 

Francoise was the spitting image of Kirsty, bar her black hair. They were both five foot two and of very similar build. Both had big brown eyes that made the world melt when either of them smiled and both still had a maidenly blush despite Peggy's repeated endeavours to eliminate that childish facet from Kirsty's sweet cheeks.

When Kirsty was ushered in to Miss Nash's abode she sometimes felt she was looking at her twin. It startled her every time. Was it another of Margaret's little teases or was it something more sinister? 

Kirsty didn't know and didn't care. She was focussed on frigging herself to order and making Peggy appreciate her as the best and most obedient pet a mistress could ever have. Had she been party to a conversation between the two older women earlier, she'd have known that the maid was in fact taking a trip with Kirsty's aunt. 

Agatha had said that the young French girl really did need something more of an English education and a good cut was absolutely essential for that. So, an appointment at the hairdressers in town had been secured; and the innocent black-haired girl from Bayonne was about to have her eyes opened to the essential elements of civilisation in Midshire.

"Don't forget the other things, miss!" Kirsty called out, pressing two fingers deep into her cunt to accentuate her need and suppressing the wicked urge to cum without his express permission.

"Behave slut," Peggy called back. "Fingers in that arse now: I don't want you to feel you have to disobey my express instructions." 

"I try to behave, miss," Kirsty moaned, reluctantly levering her fingers out of her wet sex and pushing them against the bud of her bottom hole, wishing Peggy were in the room to see her contortions.

"I know you do, sweetheart," Peggy grinned, slipping out of the kitchen and back into the lounge, carrying a tray. 

On the tray there was a single glass of brandy, a saucer of water and a bowl of ice cubes. There was also a curled up leash, two pairs of padded cuffs, several scarves and, still in their packs, a pair of nipple clamps. There was no strap-on though. Peggy didn't appreciate requests from her pets: they got what they were given and were grateful for it as far as she was concerned. 

Peggy knelt down in front of Kirsty, deposited the tray on the floor next to the girl and then reached out to lift the teenager's face up to her own with one finger: "How's your perception, darling?"

"I think you'll find me more than wet enough for you, miss."

"Wet in both of those tight little holes of yours?"

"Absolutely, miss."

"I shall take on advice for now," Peggy smiled and cupped the young woman's chin in the palm of her right hand before slapping her face gently, yet possessively with the left. "Now, kneel up and face me. And take the belt off my dress."

"It feels bigger in the dark, miss."

"You'll get my belt all excited if you say things like that, sweetheart. Fold it over twice."

"Yes miss."

"Now kiss it, pass it to me and offer up your breasts."

"Are you going to whip my tits, miss?"

"You've got it in one, clever girl; lean back. Shoulder up. Offer yourself up for punishment."

Kirsty pushed her hands under her cleavage and pushed them up to her mistress obediently as Peggy held the belt by the buckle and caressed it. 

Then Peggy flicked it at her, still folded in four. It landed on the young woman's flesh with a soft slapping sound. Kirsty gasped, although the blow didn't really hurt. Then another blow landed and another. Peggy waited for the mark on the child's breasts to fade before reapplying herself, accelerating the action, so Kirsty had no time to recover herself. 

"Keep holding them up, young lady. Deportment is everything. I want you to look as if you are offering them to me."

"They are yours to take."

"Do you think this belting is rather ineffectual?"

"No miss."

"It's not doing very much for you though, is it?"

"I suppose not."

"How about this, then," Peggy said, unfolding the belt so it was just doubled over. She drew back her arm before slapping it down quite viciously across the girl's left breast. This time Kirsty certainly had reason to gasp, as the red welt on her tit testified. 

Peggy repeated the action criss-crossing her bosom and watching her reaction, knowing that Kirsty was feeling the prickle of tears under that blindfold. Another five minutes passed, punctuated by the sharp sounds of the belt landing and Kirsty's increasingly unrestrained gasps grew. An ache unfolded within the young woman's belly at the thought of being whipped her like this by her auntie's best friend. 

Kirsty had dreamt of this and now it was a reality she wasn't entirely sure she liked it, but this was no time for philosophising. She had asked for the experience: begged even; and now Miss Margaret was fulfilling her wish. There would be time enough later to review the sensations. 

Peggy glanced down at the belt buckle clasped in her hand and tugged the belt through her fingers so he was now clasping leather rather than metal: "I'm going to really mark you now, sweetheart."

"Yes miss."

"With the buckle...are you ready for this?"

"Oh god!"

"This is going to hurt."

"Thank you for using me so thoroughly, miss."

"Clench your hands behind you."

As Kirsty complied, Peggy reached down to the tray and picked up one of the sets of padded cuffs. She knelt behind the young blonde and wrapped them swiftly round both wrists, tugging them to ensure they were secure.

"Shoulders back, girl."

"Yes miss. Deportment is everything." 

"I want to hear you sobbing my name soon," Peggy said quietly: "and no play acting now."

Then, without giving Kirsty a moment to reflect on that statement, she dealt the teenager a blow that led Kirsty to see red for a moment. The pain was acute. She heard herself wail put loud and made to tug at her cuffed hands, wanting to nurse her injured bosom instinctively.

"Count them."

"Yes miss; one, Miss Margaret," the girl trembled.

"You like?" Peggy grinned evilly as she slashed down again.

"Two, miss," she cried out and added, despite the short lived agony: "Yes miss. I like."

"Head up," Peggy ordered hitting her charge a third time.

"Three, miss."

"Two more and we're done. Ready?"

"Y-yes miss."

"Now quiet: I need to concentrate." And the belt did its work swiftly, the brass N on the buckle reinforcing the bruises on Kirsty's chest. One accurately landed blow on each breast represented Kirsty's submission rather well, despite the shriek each one was greeted with by the trembling recipient.

"I think that's enough..."

"Thank you Miss Margaret. So do I."

"...For now. Turn around and sit up straight, facing towards the window."

"I'm feeling...a bit disoriented miss," Kirsty said, suppressing a final sob.

"Do you need direction, girl?"

"If you please miss: I can't make out shadow and light behind this blindfold."

"Turn right the way round – 180 degrees," Peggy instructed, putting the belt down and looking over the remaining items on the tray

"Yes miss."

"And then another 90 degrees."

Peggy watched the blindfolded girl pivot on her hands and knees, picking up the pack with the clamps in it as she did so. She read the blurb on the pack: 'discover the pleasures of adjustable nipple and clit clamps and let these cool metal chain glide across your body. A detachable clit clamp makes this the perfect toy to suit your erotic moods'. 

Peggy chuckled and murmured to herself: "Oh Agatha, thou shouldst be here."

"Why are you laughing miss?"

"That's for me to know and you to wonder at. Now pay attention: I'm going to play with your tits now."

"They still hurt a bit miss," Kirsty whispered as Peggy traced the marks her buckle had left.

"Is that of concern to me?"

"No miss."

"Thank you for understanding that. Now sit up straight. Head erect. And let me just attach these to your delightful nipples."

"Oooh! Clamps miss: how lovely!"

"And spread your legs. And your sex: open it up for me."

"Yes miss."

"Part the labia. Show me how wet you are."

"I'm sopping."

"Good girl."

"It's even better when you touch me, miss," Kirsty cajoled, as the older woman knelt down and began to play with her pet herself. 

Peggy flicked the girl's sex and pressed her index finger into the mulchy interior of that youthful vagina, listening to the chit babbling excitedly in front of her: "Oh my clit's getting so hard. And my nipples! Are yours hard too, miss? Oh! What's that? It's cold and it pinches!"

"It's a clit clamp, Sweetheart. You like it?"

"Oooh! I love it!"

Peggy stood up and then sat back on the sofa admiring her handiwork. Then she leaned forward and tugged the chain joining the three clamps. 

The girl's reaction was delightful. Peggy could have listened all day to the pet sighing softly each time her nipples became distended under the pressure of being pulled. And the way the bell of her collar rang when the clit clamp was tugged. Well! They do say the bells ring out on Sunday.

She plucked idly at the chain as if playing a musical instrument, lulling them both into a sense of relaxed warmth; much like the feeling the occupants of a car, parked up on a warm spring day with the engine on, might feel. 

Imagine that tryst: the young French servant girl, in the passenger seat, her panties round her ankles, her skirt up round her waist. Think of her newly-dyed blonde hair and her tight, continental cunt as wet as that of the young blonde at Peggy's disposal. Think of Peggy's dear friend, beloved auntie to our heroine, whispering: "Kirsty dear, I mean...Francoise...are we nearly there yet?"
