 This story is dedicated to Dee -- my little midwestde. And she knows why. You will know why when you have completed the rest of our story!

*

My heart quickened its pace with excitement. That night I finally met my new lover. After chatting with her for weeks over the internet, sneaking naughty little orgasms here and there with her, we barely even knew each other. But finally we were going to meet. I had hidden my face in a bid for anonymity, but finally we would meet in Chicago, a city of millions, where neither of us are from, and neither of us are likely to move – it was simply a place for us to have sex. In that way, it was sort of like the internet. 

I had booked us the presidential suite at the Marriott. My lover thinks I am at another of my conferences and my new lover's husband thought that she was going to meet a friend for a "girl's weekend" of shopping and clubbing in the Windy City. If the poor guy had only known! When she brought up the subject of her being with another woman, she said it like, "a friend of mine is curious about other women and wants to try . . .," he scoffed and said the friend was nuts. I'm guessing the guy would blow a circuit if he only knew what was about to happen this weekend! I arrived a few hours earlier and prepared everything – the room was set up exactly to my specifications, and I had had time to unpack my few items and place them the way I wanted. I then made reservations, took a shower to freshen up, got dressed and went to the lobby to await my new lover.

My outfit attracted stares, and that's exactly what it was designed to do – but I was really only interested in what it would do for one person. I was wearing black leather full-calf boots that wrapped my lower leg like a lover's hand, and had three-inch heels. I'm about five foot eight, so this makes me as tall or taller than some men – too bad if they're intimidated. I don't mind intimidating men. Maybe they shouldn't be so damned insecure. I wore an ankle length leather skirt that was VERY tight-fitting, but it has a slit in it up the side nearly to my hip. I was wearing black stockings being held in place by a garter-belt with delicate silver clasps. Depending on how I moved or crossed my legs, it became obvious that I was wearing these things to those whom I wanted to show. There weren't many in the hotel lobby. The raven-haired desk clerk couldn't keep her eyes off me and I could see the smouldering lust in her eyes. I almost wondered if she would be so unprofessional as to leave a message some other attempt at contact with a guest of the hotel. If so, she might be rewarded quite well on a future trip I make to Chicago. . . . As a top, I wore a black silk corset that covered just enough of my breasts to keep me from being kicked out of the lobby, but not enough to leave much to the imagination. It was also tightened to the point that the reality of my waist was no longer part of this plane of existence. Over this I wore a very light white silk shirt unbuttoned that fluttered with the wind generated with each passer-by. 

My makeup was light – I was never a fan of wearing the stuff anyway, but I made sure to wear at least some lipstick. I wanted to be a "lipstick lesbian" tonight and the feel of that greasy substance sliding between my lips and my lover's would be quite wonderful. My blonde-highlighted hair was pulled back away from my face, but otherwise unencumbered. It reached to below my shoulders in waves and I looked forward to my lover grabbing it with both hands and tugging it as we kissed. MMMMM. . . . I was already quite moist from my general excitement, but I was really starting to juice up with anticipation as the moment of truth was coming closer. 

Finally, it had arrived. After about half an hour of fending off hapless men (one confident businessman who was quite confident that he had the key to this woman's chastity belt!) and a very pleasantly erotic conversation with a coquettish college student (alas! Too young for me), there she was – my new lover!

You walked through the door looking a little nervous, never having done this before. You've confessed in the past that you're looking for someone who will make you feel "safe." While I will do that, I will also be in complete control – but I know you want that too. However, whenever you give control over to someone else, you always give yourself over to that little bit of risk of danger – and though you've never been able to bring yourself to admit it – this is what turns you on more than anything else. You want that danger, but you want to have that danger with someone else who makes you feel safe. Someone who is in control. Baby – that person is me!

You came through the door with your carry-on bag following you like a closely-leashed dog and your purse over your shoulder. You had on jeans that fit you comfortably and look very nice on you and a button-down shirt. Definitely traveling clothes. We would have to get you out of those! You got through the door and stood there looking a bit lost and overwhelmed, almost as if you weren't sure if you even wanted to go through with the entire experience. I came up beside you, and you hadn't really had the chance to see me. I whispered in your ear in a husky voice our prearranged line that let you know that it was me: "Lover, are you ready for a weekend that will change your life?" 

Your entire body radiated tension for about five seconds, and the silence spun out. I felt like the entire universe was focused on us, and that I may have made a mistake in setting up this scenario like I did. Then your shoulders relaxed and your body released its tension. Your voice trembled as you replied, "yes." 

"Then turn and face me." I said with just a tinge of impatience, letting you know that I was in control. Your eyes spent a moment on my face, wide, seeing it for the first time. Then they traveled to my breasts, pushed out of the corset – your tongue actually licked your lips and I knew you were mine! After ogling them for a few moments, your eyes continue down the topography of my body, taking in my waist, my legs and my boots, then they make the slow return trip, lingering again at my breasts before coming to rest again on my eyes. By now I am completely filled with lust myself! Unable to resist my own urges, I grabbed the back of your neck and pulled your head to me to press our lips together.

I didn't know if it was from shock or some type of prudish nature in the hotel lobby, but you resisted for a moment. Then you gave in to my will and allowed the kiss to happen. Your lips opened and allowed my searching tongue to meet yours. Our tongues met and our souls met in that kiss. I could have devoured you. Our passions rose and if I hadn't stopped, I would have been unable to stop myself from ripping off your clothes and taking you in the hotel lobby. We pulled our heads reluctantly apart and stared into each others' eyes and the lust smouldered. The desk girl stared openly, ignoring the impatient elderly couple waiting to register. 

My fingers extricated themselves from the tangle they had made of your hair and I reached for your hand. You bent over and grab for your dropped bag, and we walked to the elevator hand-in-hand. The elevators at this hotel were glass-enclosed, and they provided a view to anyone who happens to be looking in. The instant the doors close, I was on you like an animal. You dropped your bag again and I pinned your arms above your head to the glass wall. With one hand, I held your arms, and with the other, I unbuttoned three buttons to reveal your generous cleavage as I continued to kiss you. Our tongues thrust into each others' mouths, exploring the new territory. You were moaning as I ran my hand up and down your body, cupping your breasts, pinching your nipples, squeezing your ass and running my finger lightly along your zipper-clad cunt.

Just as I was about to pop the button on your jeans and slip my finger into them, the elevator slowed to a stop and the door opened with "ding." On the other side of the door was a young couple, possibly on their honeymoon with their mouths agape at our appearance. The young man cast an appreciative glance at you and had to shift a noticeably growing bulge in the front of his pants. The young woman looked like she would like to leave him in a heartbeat and join us. her nipples were hard and pointed right at us through her blouse. There was no doubt that the two of them would be fantasizing about the two of us as they continued their evening. Too bad for them that their fantasies would be unable to live up to our reality.