 We had just finished our ride up the elevator and we were lost in each other by the time we arrived at our floor. The couple waiting for the elevator at our floor was quite impressed by our show and looked as though they would be eager to join us if we were to drop the merest of hints. But this weekend was to be for the two of us; not that I couldn't tease them. So I immediately turned away from you in your state of dishevelment and walked directly out of the elevator to the young woman with the hardened nipples. Though there was plenty of room, I brushed my body against hers, and because of my height difference, that meant that the side of my breast was very nearly against her cheek. I was pretty sure I heard a low moan escape her, and when I looked back, I saw her eyes were closed. I also saw you had not moved.

"Come, pet, we must get you showered and prepared for your weekend of pleasure." You simply nodded, in a daze and began to move out of the elevator. The young woman had returned to her senses and stopped you, saying, "you forgot your bag." Sure enough, you had not picked up your bag that had dropped while we were kissing while coming up.

A very pretty blush colored your chest and crept up your neck and cheeks as you turned and picked up your bag. Then you kept your eyes cast down to the floor as you hurried to catch up with me, but I wanted to have a little more fun.

"You should thank the nice young woman, pet," I said, before the couple could get on the elevator themselves. Still blushing, you turned to them and said, "thank you for reminding me to pick up my bag."

"I think you owe her more of a thank-you than that!" I said, with a bit more authority in my voice. You looked at me, your eyes large and pleading, begging me not to make you do more, but I wanted you to bend to my will. I wanted you to make sure to know that you are mine. I stared at you for a couple of seconds unblinking and you dropped your eyes and turned to the girl. The guy was in a complete state of unbelief, but the girl was ready. Her eyes were half-lidded. She had followed the power-play carefully and knew that she was being used as a toy. She didn't mind. She simply wanted to play a part with you – a very beautiful woman who was about to learn some very fun things about sex. 

You embraced the girl and your breasts pressed to hers. Her nipples were like pebbles digging into your flesh and she grabbed your hair and pulled your neck back as she kissed you. The girl's tongue thrust into your mouth and then it was gone as she licked your chin, down your neck and plunged into your exposed cleavage. After a few moments, her breathing was rapid and shallow and her eyes were wide and wild. She grabbed her man's hand and pulled him away from the elevator doors. I asked if they were still going down and she said they were going to their room first. She named a room three down from our own and said we were welcome to join them if we liked. I thanked her for the generous offer but said we had some other plans for the evening and the rest of the weekend. She gave me a card and said they would be very interested in contacting us in the future and hurried back to their room. We followed at a much more leisurely pace, watching them disrobe as they opened their door.

The instant the door to our room was closed behind us, you dropped your bag and purse and moved to kiss me, but I put my hand to the middle of your chest and said, "no." The look of hurt and dismay was almost painful to me, but I had to continue to play my part if I was to give you the pleasure I knew you really wanted later.

"Sweetness, we have dinner reservations in half an hour, so you need to take a VERY quick shower and get yourself dressed for a night out. You looked at me in complete disbelief! You had finally reached the promised land of our hotel room where every deviant sexual pleasure was going to play itself out, and I was taking it away!

My simplest answer could only be, "yes." 

"So, I believe that I specified that you were to bring some suitably sexy attire for evening wear?" You had better get a move-on my dear love. And no playing with yourself in the shower – you definitely don't have time for that! I left a variety of products for you in the bathroom, so all you have to do is get yourself ready and come out when you're totally prepared to leave on our date."

I almost thought you might cry at that moment with frustration, but then you pulled yourself together and decided that the weekend would go better if you trusted me. Besides, whatever you had to dress up for would probably be good. I stand on the other side of the bathroom door and wait, excited to see what you have come up with for an outfit, and to be even this close to you but not be able to touch you or gaze on your beauty is frustrating to me. I have so many deliciously wicked plans, but this closed bathroom door is thwarting them all. Finally, after eighteen minutes, the blow-drier stops and I hear you making the final preparations with you brushing your hair. The door latch turns and there you are, a vision in white lace – an innocent bride to my black seductress. 

Your hair is up in the back with a clip. A few wisps of that beautiful red hair are down and falling gracefully around your neck in little tendrils, making you seem all the more vulnerable. Your makeup is very light – almost nonexistent; you have taken my cue on that – but you have worn lipstick, as I have refreshed mine. You have simple diamond stud earrings that flash in the dim light, but no other jewelry, not even your wedding ring, I notice with a quick appraisal. The dress you're wearing has two layers with straps that go over your shoulders but leave your arms bare. It is fairly high in the back, but rather low in the front to show that cleavage I had admired earlier. The two layers are a sheer white satin "slip" that acts as the backing to the lace of the dress. The top layer of the dress is a beautifully intricate white "lace." It is almost too finely woven to be called a lace, but I don't know how else to describe the patterns. They have geometric designs that are quite eyecatching. They shimmer and catch the light, damasked so that one part is highlighted while another is a bit darker. The dress stops about three inches above the knee, showing a generous amount of your wonderfully sculpted thigh and lovely calf. It is well defined, and I am happy to see that you walk quite well in a three-inch heel. I still tower above you, but I don't mind leaning down to kiss you.

You take my breath away, and I tell you so. Since I don't want us to be late for our reservations, I tell you that we had better be going – so I give you a quick peck and grab your hand. I grab my purse and we're out the door. On the elevator ride down to the lobby level, I can't keep my hand from rubbing up and down your body. On its gentle trip up and down your body, I can feel the lace support of the bra gripping your ribs and I feel the barest line of string holding the thong pantie you're wearing under the dress. Your lovely legs are totally bare and have the glow of a woman who has waxed and exfoliated. They are just gorgeous, and I know we're going to have fun with them wrapped around my head and waist later in the evening and weekend.

When the elevator door opens, I lean down to kiss your neck and give you the barest nip with my teeth. You close your eyes and moan, and then we walk out, holding hands, fingers entwined. Everyone knows that we belong to each other, and there are plenty of people looking, too. We have dressed for attention, and we are attracting it!

Outside the hotel, the limousine is waiting for us. It's not one of these thyroidal monstrosities that can seat twenty-seven people, but the two of us are quite comfortable in it. I ask the driver if he knows the plan for the evening. He says he has been fully briefed as to my desires. I tell him he'll be well rewarded if he does everything I've asked without fail. He says, "yes ma'am," and drives us to our first destination.

You have no clue where we are going or for what purpose, and I can see you're desperate to ask, but catch the look in my eye and have decided not to ask. Now that we're in the car, you've gotten a bit uncomfortable. We're finally alone, but we've got a black man driving the car, so we're really not alone. I put my hand on your thigh and lean into you. 

"It's going to be fine, lover."

You just nodded your head and stare straight ahead, not daring to look at me.

"Dearheart, do you trust me?" I asked, as I move my hand up slightly up your thigh. It is cool to my touch, so my hand must feel like it's burning your skin, my hand is so warm.

You took a shuddering breath, and your voice quivered as you whispered, "yes."

My hand continued to slide upward and my tongue traced the outside of your ear. I bit your earlobe and my tongue slid along the diamond stud. I pulled on it slightly before letting go, then asked, a bit more demanding, "yes what?"

"Yes, mistress," you said with a bit more force, but your voice still weak. Immediately, my hand reached up and cupped your pantied pussy under your dress. The panties were completely soaked with your juices. The sudden intake of breath was very loud in the quiet car, and it caused the driver to look into the rearview mirror. He could immediately see what we were up to, but he didn't stare. His eyes would occasionally peek, but for the most part, he kept his eyes on the job, thus insuring his tip for the night.

Your beautiful eyes widened as you turned to me in complete disbelief that I would do such a thing in the car with the driver in complete awareness of what was going on. Your mouth became a perfect "O" as I shifted the thong to the side and slid two fingers into that bald cunt and started sliding them in and out of the juiciest pussy I had felt in quite some time, with the exception of my own. I primarily kept them deep but would occasionally rub your clit with the juices I had pulled from deep within your beautiful pussy. I continued to thrust my fingers deep inside of you as we drove, and when we started to slow at our destination, you began to shudder and the walls of your vagina gripped my fingers as your orgasm overtook your body. Your eyes closed, the red flush crept up from your breasts to your neck, and you were panting and making little moaning "unh – unh" sounds. 

When the spasms had finally subsided, I gently pulled my fingers from your cunt shining with your juices. I didn't want to waste them, so I presented them to your panting mouth. You began to suck them like a baby would her mother's nipple. After a moment, I started to pull my hand away, and you grabbed my wrist with both hands to keep it in place, taking every last drop. We were now at a complete stop at our destination, and the driver had been watching for the last couple of minutes, but you were beyond caring by this point.

I finally leaned into you and whispered in your ear, "Baby, we need to go. We're already five minutes late for our reservations." You were a bit dazed, but you quickly shifted your panties and we exited the car. Our driver held open our door and with a twinkle in his eye said, "You ladies have fun this evening."

With a wicked little smile, I looked him right in the eye and said, "we will." 

"No doubt."