 You were still a little wobbly from our adventure in the car, so I put my arm around you as we walked into the Stock Exchange Building. I'm fairly certain the guards noticed your "well-fucked" look as we walked to the elevator, but the most they did was make little smirks. If they only knew what I had planned for you. . . .

Entering the elevator, I pressed the button for the 40th floor. Turning to you, I surveyed the damage of what I'd wrought. Your hair was slightly mussed, eyes still dazed, but coming into focus. Your skin had a glow, but you were flushed, as if you had been running – or fucking just before coming in to the building. The dress looked fine. I just kept running my hand up and down your back, telling you how fabulous you were, how you were a grand lover, and how we were going to have a wonderful evening. You concentrated on bringing yourself back into focus and simply nodded. As we neared the 40th floor, I gently cupped your ass, turned you to me and kissed you once gently on the lips. You looked me in the eye and said, "I love you." I could tell it wasn't just sex. You meant it.

"I know."

The elevator door opened to The Everest Restaurant. It is a beautiful French Cuisine restaurant with fantastic views of Chicago. The dining area is a wall of windows, showing a breathtaking view of the city as the sun is setting on it. That cleared the last of the cobwebs as we stepped out. You grabbed my hand, and our fingers intertwined as I approached the Maitre ‛d to tell him that we had finally arrived. He nodded curtly and immediately led us to a window table with its profile to that gorgeous sunset. 

As beautiful as that sunset was, heads turned to watch as you walked by. Men and women reacted to you and your look, knowing that you were sex walking by. Bathed in that red-golden light, your dress turned gold and your already red hair turned to fire. You could have been a mythical goddess walking beside me; I was so proud to be your escort this evening. I knew that so many of the people in the restaurant were envious of me tonight and wishing that they could be with you.

After being seated, you left all of the ordering to me. I ordered a bottle of wine, a light appetizer, and our entrees without looking at the menu. I had researched all of this in the weeks of planning this event. As I had said before – everything was to be perfect for this seduction. As we waited for our meal to arrive, we watched the sun set over the skyline of Chicago and allowed our conversation to move away from our weekend together to the rest of our lives. We talked about who we were in the rest of our lives away from "midwestde" and "xbatgirl13." We talked about all of the boring things that never make it into all of the sexy erotic stories, but are a part of getting to know someone else, and make it exciting to actually connect with that person. To perhaps even make love with that person rather than simply have sex with that person – or simply fuck that person.

After the wine had arrived, you were still very nervous and had nearly gulped down the first glassful. The second went a bit more slowly, but not a lot more slowly. By the time we were done with our appetizer, you had slowed on the wine and were obviously a bit more comfortable with me after the conversation and the alcohol. By the time our dinner had arrived, we were chatting like old friends, touching hands when making points in our conversation and even laughing occasionally without a note of hysteria or looking to see who was watching you. About halfway through the entree, I decided that it was time to have some fun again.

"Sweetness," I was staring into your eyes and had put down my utensils.

"Yes Mistress?"

"You are distracting me. I cannot finish my dinner. I need you to do something for me."

"Yes Mistress?" Your eyes darted around to see if anyone could overhear our conversation. But at the same time, I could tell you were excited – you had the slightest wrinkle of a smile – the left side of your mouth started to turn upward. You wanted to play the game. Naughty little minx!

"Well, my pet. You are so beautiful, but your clothes put us at such a distance. I need you to remove some of them for me. I would like you to go to the bathroom and remove all of them except for the lace dress. If you would like, you may take my purse to the restroom and place your undergarments in there."

Your eyes were perfect saucers of surprise, they were so wide! I had to exert every ounce of control not to laugh and to maintain my part so that I could hold the spell I was attempting to weave. I reached out my hand and stroked yours. "Pet, the sun is almost gone from the sky. The restaurant is candle-lit. People are going to have to look very hard to see anything through that dress. Trust me."

Still looking a bit dazed, and most definitely alarmed, you picked up your half-full wine glass and drained it. Immediately, with no more prompting, you stood up, did an about-face and walked toward the Maitre ‛d. I realized that you did this without my purse, so I wondered how you planned to get your unmentionables back to the table without attracting attention, but I figured you would be inventive.

Having a few moments for reflection, I did exactly that. I was amazed at the intoxicating feeling of power that was washing over me. In my normal, "vanilla" life, I was simply a college instructor. I led a fairly boring life and had rather vanilla sex with my lover. She would occasionally complain that I didn't have enough sex with her because my job kept me too busy. Just like every "married couple," right? And I'm a feminist! I don't believe in this domination nonsense! I believe that the sexes should be equal! I think that all people should be treated as equals and should be treated with respect! SO WHAT IN THE WORLD WAS I DOING ORDERING THIS WOMAN AROUND? And why was I enjoying it so much? My God! When she just stared at me after I asked her to remove everything but the lace, I was on such a high that I nearly came without touching myself! In fact, I was fairly certain that when I got up to leave the restaurant, I was going to leave a wet spot on their chair!

I was just reaching down to feel my sopping pussy when I spied my delicious lover returning. I was amazed at how quickly you were making your reappearance. Due to the darkened lighting, it was hard to tell if it was the shadows of the candles or you, but I could tell. It was you. Your breasts swayed as you walked toward the table, and your nipples were quite pronounced. As I saw them poking out at me, that was the only thing I could think of for desert. And if I wasn't mistaken, I caught a shadow of darkness just level with your hips. I had had my hand down there in the car and didn't remember any hair, but it certainly appeared that you had a "landing strip" or something showing through the lace. Oh my darling. . . .

One or two heads turned, but I didn't think that anyone really noticed. As you sat down at the table, I was burning with lust, and my eyes devoured you. Again, your chest and face were flaming red with embarrassment at having walked through the restaurant basically naked, but I could also tell that you were incredibly excited.

"Did you enjoy that?"

"Yes Mistress."

"What did you enjoy about it?"

"I liked knowing that people could see my nipples through my dress. I liked being naughty in public."

"Did you touch yourself in the bathroom?" At this moment, our server came to take our dinner plates and ask us if we wanted desert. You turned your eyes down to the table, waiting for her to finish. Undaunted, I asked my question again while she was waiting to get our desert order. "Did you touch yourself in the bathroom?"

Your eyes darted up to the server girl's. Her eyes were checking out your body and she was very appreciative. They were lingering on your nipples, and she was smirking.

"Yes Mistress."

"Yes Mistress, what?"

"Yes Mistress, I touched myself in the bathroom while I removed my undergarments."

"Thank you for telling me. Now we can order desert." And I did exactly that – we had a very light fruit crepe that we shared, so we arranged the table to sit beside each other rather than across the table from each other. This allowed you to sit facing the window with your back to the rest of the restaurant. Almost immediately after the desert was served, I decided it was time for another demand.

"Lover."

"Yes Mistress?"

"You're distracting me again."

"Mistress?" Your eyes were wide once again.

"Those beautiful breasts sway each time you move, and those nipples are nearly poking out of the lace dress you're wearing. I don't think I'll be able to eat another bite until I've seen them unencumbered by the dress." You simply stared at me in mute horror.

"All I need you to do is lower the shoulder straps and show me your breasts. Once I have seen them, we will be able to continue our desert. Please, dearheart, I just don't think I can concentrate to eat without seeing them. Besides, no one else can see a thing with your chair facing the window."

You quickly turned your head to see if a server was coming and looked to see where people were sitting, then dropped the straps from your shoulders, baring your breasts. How I admired you for that! Your breasts were a beautiful creamy white with the barest hint of freckles in the cleavage. Your nipples were a light strawberry color, and they protruded like little pencil erasers. How I longed to lean over at that moment and tongue each of them, perhaps even nip them lightly with my teeth and scrape them with my teeth as I released them with my lips – keeping you on the threshold of pleasure/pain.

"Your breasts are so beautiful, lover. Thank you for indulging me and providing me such a lovely view during my desert. You may now cover yourself."

Your eyes were a bit dazed at this point as you looked around and saw no one looking at us. You inserted your index finger in your mouth, sucked it for a moment, then pulled it out slowly, letting your lips get pulled by the finger as if it were a cock leaving your mouth. Then you took that finger and coated the saliva around one hardened nipple. The shiny saliva glinted a bit like glitter as you pulled the lace dress back into place.

"My God you are a sexy woman!" I put my right hand at the base of her neck and pulled her head to mine. Our lips met and our tongues dueled. The sweetness of the desert only fueled us as we kissed. I thanked our luck that the tables had very long tablecloths as I swept my left hand up your thigh. I began to knead the flesh just below your cunt. Instantly, your thighs opened to my hand and your breath caught as I brushed my fingertips against your soaking pussy lips. I moved quickly above to your mons and confirmed my suspicions – there was a very light strip of hair, but horizontal, not vertical. I was definitely intrigued – I couldn't make out a particular shape as I felt around. As we parted from our kiss, I noted your smile at my quizzical look, but you said nothing. There were some things I would have to wait for this weekend as well.

"I have something for you lover." As I disentangled myself from you, I reached down and took a slim box from my purse and handed it to you. It wasn't wrapped except for gold elastic holding it together. Now it was your turn to look quizzical. I could tell you were excited, but you didn't want to get too excited.

"Open it, sweetness – you've earned it."

Without more ado, you open it and discover a gold bracelet – it has a fine-wrought chain, but you hold it up to take a closer look – every-other link in the chain is a Bat-girl symbol. I look at you with a little gleam in my eye.

"That's right, lover. It's what you think it is. I made it myself. We have jewelry making courses at my college, so I thought it would be fun to learn how to make it. Once you put that on, you belong to me. Do you want to put it on?"

I don't think I was prepared for the lust in your eyes. It was like a physical force. I was a little afraid you were going to jump me right there in the restaurant. Somehow you restrained yourself.

"Yes, Mistress."

You held out your left wrist and I fastened the bracelet, symbolizing my ownership of you for the weekend.

Are you ready for our next adventure?

"Yes, Mistress."

"I love you my darling midwestde."

"And I you, xbatgirl13."

We kissed again, tenderly, our lips melting together and becoming one. This one was slow and soft. The kiss of lovers rather than just sex partners.

"Oh Dee – I'm so glad we found each other."

"I can't imagine what it would be like to be apart now." 

"We have the rest of the weekend. And speaking of which, time's wasting."

The check arrived with a note from our server, Jenni. I doubt it was appropriate, and I shared it with you. When Jenni arrived to collect the payment, you flashed her your left breast and her eyes just about fell out. I thanked her for the note, but said this weekend was just for the two of us. I added an extra note with both of our contact information and said I expected that we would hear from her soon. She nodded, wide-eyed and said that as soon as she arrived home she would be writing each of us.

As we got onto the elevator to go to our next destination, we were in each others' arms and kissing before the doors even closed to the restaurant. . . .