 Part 3b: Jenny's Story

"Oh Kate! Oh God! Oh God!" I whimpered as I writhed in frantic ecstasy. "Oh baby, please let me come! Please! I can't take this anymore!" I begged as my fingers clawed at my restraints and my back arched. Kate smiled as she expertly glided her tongue gently over my throbbing clit and maneuvered the twelve inch jet-black vibrator in my vagina in a way that prolonged my build-up until it became almost unbearable. The sexy redhead had me nearly senseless with bliss as I trembled and shook, my full breasts bouncing as I thrashed on the bed. My words soon dissolved into a breathless babble of ecstatic squeals and moans. At the perfect moment, Kate twisted the humming phallus ever so slightly and sucked my engorged clit just so and brought me to a rapid series of mind-blowing orgasms that left me senseless and shrieking. I fainted as the last climax took me, but soon awoke to her gentle caresses.

"There, there, baby." Kate whispered soothingly, as she unfastened the leather restraints from around my wrists and gathered my trembling and sweat soaked body into her arms. "Your bad girl always gives you what you deserve."

Kate kissed me tenderly, teasing my mouth with her lips and the tip of her tongue. I slowly began to kiss back as my senses returned. She placed one soft hand on my face, gazed at me with her beautiful emerald eyes and parted her lips to speak.

"Jenny." She whispered. "Are you going to eat that?"

"What?" I mumbled.

"Hello! Earth to Jenny!" Amy said playfully, as she sat down next to me in the break room. "Are you going to eat that cookie, or just keep staring into space with that dopey grin plastered all over your face? What's gotten into you girl?" She said with a smile. "You've been a dreamy Debby all week."

Amy was a plump and cheerful blonde dental assistant at the practice where I worked as a secretary. We had hit it off well and had become good workplace friends. She was easy to talk to, and I had confided in her about my sexual frustrations with Tom some weeks ago. She was the mother of three children and had gone through the post-natal blues before, and she had advised me to just be patient. I was sitting at the break room table at work with a soda, half eaten sandwich and a cookie in front of me. I slid the cookie to Amy, smiling.

"What's gotten into me?" I said with a grin, as I blushed. "Umm, my husband."

"I knew it!" She squealed, as she gave me a hug.

"I told you it would all work out." Amy said, as she picked up the cookie. "It was just a matter of time. No man could keep his hands off a foxy lady like you forever." She said with a wink as she headed back to work.

I smiled. That of course wasn't the whole truth, but I was getting used to living with half-truths. As I cleaned up the table and walked back to my desk I wondered how shocked Amy would have been if I had told her the other, and main, reason for my newfound cheerfulness -- I was having a passionate lesbian affair with a sexy young redheaded high school student!

Although I was very happy that Tom and I were having sex again, I thrilled at the memory of my weekend with Kate, and longed for our next meeting. I couldn't keep from thinking about her, and would often catch myself staring dreamily into space while fantasizing about kissing her soft lips, caressing her firm, pale breasts, sucking on her stiff pink nipples and most of all, tasting her young pussy. A week ago such thoughts would have shocked and disgusted me, but now they seemed as natural to me as breathing. I was desperately trying to think of an excuse to call her and arrange another rendezvous, even if it was just for a few minutes of sex in the back of my car. Yeah, I had it bad.

It was Friday, June 27th, almost a week since I met first met Kate when she rescued me from my overheated car on a scorching Arizona summer day. It was a busy day at the dental office, and time passed quickly as I checked patients in and made reminder calls when I had the time. I left the office and headed home at 5:00 stopping at a Basha's on the way to pick up groceries. Just off Grand Avenue I passed the Wonderland Adult store, a windowless building sitting in an unkempt lot next to a Kentucky Fried Chicken. The temptation to visit it had been growing daily, and I resolved to pluck up the courage next week and get something special for my next rendezvous with Kate. My fantasies have taken a turn for the kinky lately, probably because I now openly helped myself to Tom's stash of hard-core porn magazines. I was becoming curious about sex toys, and wondered if Kate was into them or would be willing to experiment.

Over the last few days I have been slowly trying to come to terms with my feelings for Kate, and what those feelings meant with regard to my sexuality. I was sure I wasn't a lesbian, because I still felt a physical attraction to men and enjoyed sex with my husband. I guessed I must be bisexual, but I didn't feel any new appreciation for the female form, apart from in pornography. I didn't find myself stealing peeks at other women, or having lustful thoughts or dreams about them. Only Kate. She filled my mind constantly, waking and dreaming. Was it possible, I wondered, for one's sexuality to be defined by an individual rather than a sex? Was I a "Kate-o-sexual," for lack of a better word? Was I... was I falling in love with her? Was this all part of some strange post-natal phase, or was this a permanent change in me? I suppose in a way what I wanted most of this strange, exciting new relationship was answers to these questions.

 ---*--- ---*--- ---*--- ---*--- ---*---