 Editor's Note: story contains nonconsentual sex.

*

"All right, round 'em up and move 'em out!" Sergeant Mike Murphy called out to the blue clad phalanx under his command.

"You got it, Sarge." Officer Herrity replied.

Both men grinned as their fellow officers led a parade of women across the open courtyard to where a large blue bus waited. Despite the cool early morning air, few of the women wore much in the way of clothing. Tank tops and shorts seemed to be the order of the day. The uniform of their profession you might say.

"God, I love posse duty." Murphy laughed as he pointed out two of the passing women to Herrity. 

The early morning roundup of prostitutes had come on the heels of another of the Mayors reoccurring speeches on the immorality of the profession. Delivered at the Sunday meeting of the Society for a Moral City, the Mayor had concluded his speech with the solemn promise that no matter what you might hear about other politicians. You would never hear his good name connected with such a unsavory practice. Then, after spending a few minutes spreading good wishes among the more influential members of the Society, the Mayor begged their leave explaining that he had urgent and pressing business. Said business being an visit to the apartment of his personal secretary where less than five minutes after his arrival they were hotly engaged in the same sort of activity the Mayor had so recently condemned. 

"Looks like the wagon is just about full up." Herrity remarked. "And we still have about a half dozen more to haul in."

"Well I guess we'll just have to load the last of them in the squad cars like we usually do." Murphy quipped. "Maybe help grease the wheels of justice a little."

Both men laughed at the inside joke.

"Only a couple left, any preference?" Herrity asked.

"Nah, just pick one." Murphy answered. "Its not like I'm going to spend a whole lot of quality time looking deep into her eyes."

Herrity motioned for the closest Officer to bring his charge over to the Sergeants car. She wasn't exactly a beauty, but what did you expect out here in the warehouse district. 

"Wait a minute!" Murphy exclaimed. "Wait one fucking minute!"

Herrity whirled around to see the sudden cause of his superior's excitement. His eyes quickly fixed on the next to last girl in the line. He quickly called out to the escort officer to bring his charge over. Then with a hand motion, he dismissed his first choice to another car.

"Sweet mother," Murphy whistled as she came closer into view. 

Standing 5'6" with dark hair pulled up into a topside ponytail, the 20 year old had a figure which could make a monk reconsider his vows. Her skin was a olive brown, the product of a mixed heritage. Clad in a yellow tank top that appeared several sizes too small, her 38D breasts pressed so tightly against the material that both her nipples and two inch wide aureoles were highly visible. Bright red and full lips crowned a flawless smile. One inch wide gold circles hung from her ears, a second small diamond stud above them.

Long smooth legs stretched out from beneath a pair of cut off blue jeans, cut so short as to have only a little over two inches of material at the sides. The young woman looked as out of place among the usual streetwalkers as one of them would look in a convent.

"And what would your name be, sweet thing?" Murphy asked.

"Jody." She simply answered. "Jody Austin."

"Well Jody, looks like you've run into your first piece of luck today." Murphy smirked. "Since the bus is already filled, you get to ride downtown with me. We can chat a little and maybe I can put in a good word for you." He added as he ran his eyes up and down her hot body, taking in the little that was left to the imagination.

Jody returned the stare with her baby blue eyes, taking note of the growing bulge in his uniform.

"Well, maybe something can be worked out." Jody smiled. The smile was reflected threefold in Murphy's face as he pictured the beautiful young woman on her knees, his cock buried in her mouth. Then he'd show her how to really grease the wheels of justice. 

"Is there a problem here, Sergeant?" Came an authoritative female voice from behind Murphy. 

"Oh shit!" Murphy mentally exclaimed as he identified the voice even before he finished turning around.

"No problem, Lieutenant." He said as he came to a stop. "We were just a little too successful in implementing the Mayor's directive. The bus is already full so we were going to transport some of the stragglers in our cars. In fact, I was going to move this one myself."

"I see..." Lieutenant O'Rourke said as she stepped past the Sergeant and took a long hard look at his prisoner. 

Cynthia O'Rourke stood 6' tall and presented a most formidable figure. Countless long hours in the gym had left her with a lean muscular form, the envy of even the male officers. Her short hair was a bright red, providing a complimentary contrast to her very light skin. Her features were rather ordinary, no one would ever call her beautiful. Yet when she removed the dark sunglasses she wore, her bright green eyes brought a sparkle to her face. The only jewelry she wore were the shining Lieutenant's bars and the 21st Precinct insignias on her collar. 

Unlike the off the rack uniform worn by most of her fellows, Cynthia's were tailor made. The cut of her blouse accented her small 34 inch bust. They were the only suggestion of the 36 year old's gender.

Turning her attention away from the scantily clad prostitute and back to Murphy, Cynthia couldn't help but notice the swelling in his trousers.

"Such devotion to your duty is to be commended." Cynthia said with just a trace of sarcasm in her voice. "But, I'm afraid the Captain wants to be able to give the Mayor a full report on the sweep at their breakfast meeting this morning. You're not going to be able to give your new friend here your special attention."

Murphy's only answer was a small, barely audible groan. That and a sudden reduction in the size of his bulge. 

"Don't worry, I'll make sure cutie-pie here finds her way to where she's supposed to be." The Lieutenant added, a look of satisfaction on her face. 

The opposite look filled Murphy's face as he reluctantly opened the door to his cruiser and entered it alone. Just before he gunned the engine and tore out of the lot, Cynthia heard him mutter...

"Damned Bitch!" 

The Sergeant's car was follow by the prisoner bus and two other cruisers, leaving only two cars behind.

"Nothing else to keep us here." Cynthia said.

Officer Herrity produced a pair of handcuffs and proceeded to put them on the prisoner, pinning her arms behind her back. Regulations clearly called for them when transporting someone by squad car. Then he called out to the driver of the other car that he would meet him back at the station. 

"I don't think I'll be needing an escort, Herrity." Cynthia said. "I don't think this young lady is going to give me any trouble. Are you honey?"

"No." She meekly answered.

"Good." Cynthia smiled.

Herrity hesitated for a moment. It was clearly against regulations to let O'Rourke transport the prisoner by herself. But then again, she was a Lieutenant. Unless there was another higher ranking officer to overrule her, her orders were set in stone. Besides, she was somewhat of a hard ass. He would love to see her taken down a peg or two if the Captain chewed her out over this. It would be so easy just to casually mention the incident within earshot of the right person. With a broad grin, Herrity turned and entered the other cruiser. 

"Jody was it?" Cynthia said as she eased her into the car.

The hooker nodded in acknowledgment.

"Well Jody, maybe we'll just take a little ride downtown. But I'm afraid that it won't be the one you were expecting from Murphy." 

The ride to the Precinct was both quick and quiet. Neither Cynthia or Jody said a word to each other. When they pulled into the Station's parking lot, Jody finally broke the silence.

"You're actually taking me to jail?" She asked in wide eyed astonishment.

"Well that's what usually happens when you get arrested, Peaches." Cynthia said with a grin. "Where did you think I was taking you?"

"I thought...I mean I..." Jody stammered, then became very quiet.

Parking the car, Cynthia removed her prisoner and led her through the parking lot and into the station house. Immediately they were immersed in a sea of dark and light blue uniforms. The Lieutenant acknowledged the greeting of the desk sergeant with a wave of her hand. Her first order of business was to check in her firearm. Weapons weren't allowed in the booking area. With a firm grip on the younger woman's shoulder, Cynthia guided her through a maze of corridors.

Stepping down a final hallway, Jody could see a small crowd of fellow hookers waiting to be booked. It appeared to be a long line.

"Afraid we have a full house this morning, Lieutenant." A sandy haired officer said as he approached Cynthia with a clipboard in hand. "Might be an hour or more before we can even begin to process your paperwork."

"It seems like it gets longer and longer, Pete" Cynthia observed.

"Yeh," The officer replied with a nod of his head. "But it should ease up a little when they open the annex at the end of the month. At least we'll have those new holding cells."

"On a morning like this we could use them." Cynthia said. "I sure hope the Mayor is enjoying his Sunday morning breakfast plans, because mine just got shot to hell."

"If you like, Lieutenant, I'll be happy to take her off your hands. So you can get out of here and make your date." Pete Willis said with a smile.

Cynthia returned the smile because she knew his request was genuinely motivated by a desire to help her out. Not every cop in the precinct was an asshole. 

"I appreciate the offer, I think I'd like to take care of this one personally."

"Good enough." He replied. "You know, I bet if I really tried, I might be able to sneak you in ahead of some of the others. Rank has its privileges you know."

"You know I've never played that game." Cynthia concluded. "Its not fair to the street troops who are out there busting their tails every day. I can afford to wait a while. I'm just going to see if I can find a place to store the princess here while I grab a bite to eat."

Pete was about to say that every holding cell in the station was already filled when the Lieutenant turned and led her charge away. He wondered what the hooker had done to piss off the Lieutenant so much that she made the bust herself. 

Officer Willis knew that many officers thought of Lieutenant O'Rourke as a cold hearted bitch. But he had seen her cradle an injured child or cry at a murdered cops funeral. He had also heard how she stood down two Uzi armed druggies when they broke into a west side health clinic looking for drugs. The incident had ended with both druggies dead and a dozen clinic patients eternally grateful.

Another journey down a series of endless halls caused Jody to become disoriented. The one thing she did notice was that with every new turn there were less and less people. Finally they came to a locked door at the end of a corridor. There was a sign that read - 21st Precinct Annex. Taped over it was a hand written sign that read - Construction Zone - No Admittance. 

Jody watched as Cynthia pulled a key ring from her belt and unlocked the door. Where was she taking her? She opened her mouth to say something but was cut off with an angry stare before she could say a word.

Another quick trip down a dimly lit corridor and then down a long flight of stairs, carefully avoiding piles of construction debris, brought the two women to the just finished holding cells. With a practiced swiftness, Cynthia attached a locking clamp through Jody's cuffs and clipped it to the iron bars. It was finally too much for Jody to keep silent.

"You can't seriously be thinking of leaving me here?" Jody exclaimed as she pulled against the hard metal of her handcuffs.

"It's a thought." Cynthia mused as she took a step back and took a long hard look at Jody. "But perhaps we can find a way to, what was the phrase Murphy used, oh yes, grease the wheels of justice."

Jody only replied with a hard stare.

"Oh come on, " Cynthia said as she retraced her step and reached out and stroked her hand alongside Jody's cheek. 

Jody tried to pull away but Cynthia had her pinned against the bars of a cell.

"You can't tell me this is all new to you. How many cocks in blue have filled that pretty mouth of yours." Cynthia added as she ran her long manicured finger across Jody's full sensual lips. "Or how many times you've spread those lovely legs for the boys in blue."

"I don't do women." Jody said defiantly.

"Then you're definitely missing something." Cynthia went on as she glided her finger down across Jody's neck and into the deep valley between the large olive skinned breasts.

"You're a fucking dyke!" Jody spat out.

"Don't knock it till you've tried it." Cynthia laughed. 

By now her hand's journey had brought it to the high slit in Jody's shorts and her fingers played across both the exposed skin and soft flesh of the girl's ass beneath the thin material.

"Of course, I could've left you to the sweet attentions of Sergeant Murphy." Cynthia said as she patted Jody's ass. "From what I hear, he's hung like a horse."

Her digital odyssey now moved up the small of Jody's back.

"Then again, I've also heard that he likes his action through the rear door." Cynthia smirked. "I would guess that it would be a real tight fit back there."

The in a abrupt motion, Cynthia grabbed Jody's ponytail and jerked her head backwards. Pressing her mouth hard against the captive woman, the Police Lieutenant savored the softness of Jody's lips. The younger woman opened her mouth to protest, only to have it filled by a probing tongue. Then as suddenly as it began, the kiss ended.

"Still not interested?" Cynthia asked.

Jody answered by again pulling against her bonds, and letting out a grunt of frustration when they proved as unyielding as before. 

"Well I guess I'll have to just work a little harder to change your mind." The woman in blue responded. 

Cynthia turned away from Jody for a moment then once more ran her hand across the backside of the tight red shorts. She stopped at the solitary pocket and slipped her fingers inside.

"What's this?" She asked.

Jody looked over her shoulders to see what Cynthia was talking about. She was shocked when the tall redhead pulled a knife from out of the hooker's shorts.

"What have we got here?" Cynthia asked as she held up a six inch switchblade. "A concealed weapon, and an illegal one at that."

"You planted that!" Jody said. 

"Did I?" Cynthia asked in mock innocence. "Who's going to believe something like that? I mean take the word of some street whore against that of a decorated member of the Metropolitan Police."

"I was searched before, when they rounded us all up." Jody countered. "I remember the cop's name, Santiago. He searched me head to toe. He can tell them I didn't have a knife."

"And I'll bet he enjoyed searching you too." Cynthia said as she played with the closed knife. "But the fact remains that Officer Santiago is still a rookie. That combined with the fact that there are limitations on how thoroughly a male officer may search a female subject, as well as his possible distraction by your obvious charms, could have caused him to miss this weapon."

The change in Jody's expression showed that she knew she wouldn't be believed.

"And who's to say that once they run this weapon though the lab, what else they might find." Cynthia went on. "It wouldn't surprise me the least to find that it was used in an assault case, or perhaps even a homicide. Something a lot more serious than turning tricks."

"I've met some really scuzzy cops before." Jody snapped back. "But you are one sick crazy fucking bitch!"

The black haired girl felt the sting of the sudden blow against the side of her face before her eyes even registered the movement of her captor's free hand. There had been a lot of force in the swing, and she didn't need a mirror to know her cheek was now a bright crimson.

"Wrong answer, whore!" Cynthia yelled, raising her voice for the first time.

An expression of fear replaced the bravado In Jody's blue eyes. Had she pushed too far?

Cynthia's burst of anger seemed to pass as quickly as it erupted. Her attention was now back on the knife. With a loud snap, she popped the blade open.

Jody's eyes opened wide as she watched the rays of the overhead work lights sparkle across the length of the blade. Cynthia seemed fascinated by the miniature light show.

"I was just thinking," Cynthia said as she stepped up to Jody and grabbed the bottom of her tank top an stretched it outward. "If you were able to hide this knife, who knows what else you were able to hide?"

With that she brought up the cutting edge and sliced through the thin material of the blouse. Jody took a deep breath as the razor sharp knife passed up between her huge mounds and then arched up toward her neck. To be pulled aside at seemingly the last moment. The now severed sections of her blouse fell to her sides and her previously restrained breasts burst free.

Cynthia whistled in appreciation as the twin globes bounced in the open air. A full 38D, they had the largest aureoles the Police Officer had ever seen, nearly two inches across. Capped by wide nipples that rose nearly an eight of an inch.

Unable to resist, she dropped the knife and brought a hand to each globe. Cynthia sighed with delight as she closed on the soft flesh, pressing her thumbs across the erect nipples. 

"Mmmm, the firmness of youth." She purred.

Jody couldn't help but respond to the touch. Her nipples had always been incredibly sensitive, even this simple caress was enough to send a pleasing ripple across her chest. She bit down on her lip to hide her facial reaction but knew she wasn't doing a very good job of it.

What self control Jody had, faded completely when Cynthia replaced her grazing touch with the wet and warm sensation of her tongue. Cynthia had first sucked another woman's breast when she was 16, and the years of experience showed. If anything, Jody's nipples grew harder as Cynthia stroked them again and again, sending shivers of bliss now throughout her captive body. 

Moving her attentions upward, Cynthia's tongue marked a path across Jody's inviting neck until it once more reached her mouth. Pulling the girl's naked breasts tight against her, Cynthia kissed her a second time. Moist and warm, this time there was little resistance to her effort as Jody even opened her mouth to admit her. 

As they played a game of dueling tongues, Cynthia slid her free hand down beneath the waistband of Jody's shorts. There she was greeting by three exciting surprises. First, the fact that she wore no panties - although not surprising considering her occupation. Secondly, running her fingers across her pubic mound she discovered that it was totally bare. And finally, the most exciting discovery - Jody was already dripping wet. Despite her protests, she was really being turned on.

Dropping to her knees, Cynthia grabbed both sides of the blue shorts and pulled them down with a powerful thrust. Jody signaled her consent by stepping out of them as they settled on the floor.

"She looks like a teenager." Cynthia thought as she got her first took at Jody's shaved pussy. It brought to mind the image of Carol Davis, her first lover when they were both teens.

Parting the smooth olive brown legs, Cynthia pushed her head forward and ran her probing tongue up and down the length of Jody's slit. Quickly covered by a thick coating of lubricating juices, her tongue effortlessly slid inside. 
