 This is Chapter 5 of the Art Teacher Romance Series. You do not have to read the first four chapters to enjoy this Chapter, but I hope you will want to read them all.

Also, you might enjoy the "Art Class with Julie" series which appears in the Erotic Couplings section. Terry, one of the two main characters in this story, is first introduced in "Art Class with Julie Chapter 03." Other characters appearing here were first introduced in that series as well.

Comments and criticism is always welcome.

***

The shower rained down soothing hot water as steam built up in the large frosted class enclosure. Anne adjusted the temperature down just a bit. She took her bottle of shampoo from the shower shelf, poured a large dollop into her hand and put the bottle back on the shelf. 

"You have to lean your head back to I can wash your hair," Anne said to Terry as she stood behind the slightly taller blonde. Anne reached up to begin working the shampoo into Terry's hair, using her fingertips to message her scalp. She pressed gently at first, pulling her fingers from Terry's forehead to the back of her head. She did that two or three times, feeling Terry's body relax from the soothing sensation. Anne increased the pressure of her fingertips, using the shampoo to lubricate the motion through Terry hair.

"Okay, step forward under the shower and I'll rinse out the shampoo," Anne instructed. Terry did as she was told, the warm water rushing over her head, while Anne briskly washed the remaining shampoo out. Terry stood under the shower flow continuing to enjoy the soothing feel of the warm water running down her head, splashing off her breasts, her nipples hardened from the combined sensation of hot water and Anne's fingers. Anne put a large dab of rose-petal scented shower gel into her palms and vigorously rubbed her hands together to produce a full lather. With her hands fully soaped up, Anne rubbed Terry's shoulders and neck, moving down to her back with large circular motions, cleaning and soothing at the same time. When she had worked her way down to Terry's ass, Anne took one cheek in each hand, squeezing and rubbing to loosen the large muscles beneath the skin. Anne worked her right hand between Terry's ass cheeks, rubbing up and down with her soapy fingers. Each time her hand approached Terry's anus, Anne applied slightly more pressure with her middle finger, not enough to penetrate, but enough to add a nice sensation of pressure. With her final stroke, Anne pressed harder, inserting just the first joint of her soapy finger into Terry's anus, unsure how Terry would react. Terry wriggled her backside in response, and pushed back slightly. Anne smiled at this acknowledgement, but she removed her hands from Terry's bottom.

Next, Anne twisted Terry's shoulders to turn her around, the two women now facing each other. Terry's eyes were closed, her head still tilted back, the water hitting the back of her head and washing down her backside. Anne took another dollop of shower gel and rubbed her hands firmly against Terry's breasts. Terry's breasts were larger then Anne's. Her areolas fully covered the front end of each breast. Before she met Terry, Anne had never touched another woman's breasts. Now she loved the feel of rubbing her hands against Terry's breasts, the nipples pressing against her palms. Anne thought about this even when she wasn't with Terry. Several times over the last few days she had lost track of a conversation while her mind wondered to her thoughts about Terry. Once it had even happened while Anne was making love to her husband. Rob hadn't complained; Anne was more sexually energized since she had met Terry; and Rob was one of the beneficiaries without even knowing why.

Anne continued to wash Terry with her soapy hands. She rubbed the foam into Terry's pubic hair, but did not move between Terry's legs. She would leave that area for Terry to wash. Completing her task, Anne stepped in closer to Terry and pressed her lips against the other woman's. The two held each other in this embrace for several moments; grinding hips and rubbing soapy breasts together as the water washed over them. When they finally broke the kiss, Anne giggled with delight.

"Let me rinse off," Anne said, "you can stay in here a while longer if you want to relax under the shower."

"Mmmm, just give me two more minutes. Then I'll get out too."

After Anne rinsed herself down she stepped out of the shower and closed the glass door behind her, keeping the warm air contained for Terry. Anne quickly toweled herself off with an oversized bath towel. She hung up the towel on the rack and grabbed a second towel from the linen closet. Terry was turning off the shower just as Anne returned. As Terry stepped out, Anne wrapped her up in the towel.

"You're treating me like a queen," Terry said. "I've never gotten so much attention, but I could sure get used to it." Terry leaned forward and gave Anne another kiss on the lips. 

After finishing up in the bathroom, brushing teeth, combing out and blow drying hair, applying a little make up, the two women dressed in their weekday casual clothes. Anne put on fitted khaki slacks, a blue button down shirt, the top two buttons left open, and open toed flats. A gold necklace with a small heart shaped locket completed the outfit. Terry wore her button fly Levi's, tan canvas shirt and tennis shoes. She put on five different silver rings, including one on the thumb of her left hand. 

"What do you want to do for breakfast?" Anne asked. "Should we go back to the diner by the train station?"

"No, we were just there yesterday. If the two of us keep showing up there for breakfast, that waitress, Beverly, is going to know something's going on. As it is she was flirting with me shamelessly." Terry smiled at the memory of yesterday's adventures. She had met Anne for breakfast at the diner after not seeing each other for the entire weekend. Beverly, the restaurant's well endowed waitress, was a serial flirt. She teased the old men stretching out their morning bagel and coffee into a morning's outing; she teased the young lawyers meeting to discuss an upcoming deposition over eggs, bacon and toast; and she teased Terry and Anne, too. It earned Beverly an extra two dollars on the tip at Terry's insistence.

After breakfast, Terry and Anne had gone shopping in a small dress shop down the street from the diner. While in the dressing room, Anne had seduced Terry, going down on her while she sat on the dressing room bench. Terry's orgasm had left her shaking as they walked out of the dressing room. The young sales lady in the store hinted that she knew exactly what had gone on the dressing room, and wouldn't mind joining in if the two ladies came back to the store sometime. Anne and Terry had spent the rest of the day going to a movie and relaxing at Anne's home. They slept together in the guest room.

"Can we just have some cereal and toast here?" Terry asked. 

"Of course!" Anne exclaimed. "I thought you might want to get out of here. Let's go down to the kitchen. You get the cereal ready. I'll put up a kettle to make some tea for you and coffee for me. They headed down to the kitchen and busied themselves preparing their breakfasts.

"Should I run outside and get the newspapers?" Terry asked.

Anne hesitated a moment.

"What is it?" Terry asked.

"Well, I'm wondering what the neighbors will think if they see you strolling down my driveway to pick up our newspapers. Most of them know Rob has been traveling a lot lately. They might start wondering who this lovely blonde is that's been sleeping at my house when my husband's away. Maybe I had better get the papers. Or am I just being paranoid?"

"Anne, you have to be comfortable with all of this. This must be a lot harder for you to manage then for me. This isn't my first love affair, I'm sure you know that. And I've always only been with women, as I'm also sure you already know. For you it's all different. You're married, so I'm 'the other woman', so to speak. You have to balance me with your relationship with Rob. And, your extra marital affair being with your first woman is kind of a big thing, too. I get it, really. Don't worry. Go get the newspapers. I'll take care of the tea kettle."

Anne kissed Terry in appreciation for how completely Terry understood everything going through Anne's head.

As they were finishing up breakfast, Terry asked "How about stopping by my studio at the school? I have some things to pick up and I could show you some of the things we're working on."

"I'd love to!" Anne said with more exuberance then Terry had expected. "Let's just put these dishes in the dishwasher. I can put our drinks into travel cups, and we can get going."

Together, they went into the garage, got into Anne's car, and headed out to the University campus in Evanston. It was only a ten minute drive, and Terry directed Anne to a faculty parking garage.

The women made their way to Terry's classroom studio on the top floor of Bailer Hall, the Art School's main building. Terry unlocked the door, allowing Anne to enter first. The studio was a large rectangular room, with a high ceiling;oversized windows filled the wall opposite the door. Drawing tables and easels were scattered about the room. Paintings, collages, and pencil sketches covered most of the free wall space. Even with the overhead lights off, the room was filled with light pouring in from the windows. 

"Wow, what a studio," Anne said. "The school must really like you to give you this much space." 

"Nah, I just got lucky," Terry said. But Anne did not believe her. Terry must be either a really skilled artist the school wanted to retain or a terrific teacher in high demand by the students. Either way, Anne was impressed and proud of her friend.

Anne started walking around the room looking at the art on the walls. There was a wide range of styles, techniques and subjects: still lifes with fruits, bottles, chairs, flowers and jewelry; discrete and not-so-discrete nudes; portraits and landscapes. A little bit of everything typical for a class in two-dimensional art.

"Did you do all of this?" Anne asked.

Terry laughed, "No, almost none of it. When a student does something that I like, I ask them to let me display it. I might only be interested in one aspect of the work, the way they shadowed a face, or the way they solved a problem in perspective. But I keep it as a demonstration to other students. And in the meantime, I've ended up with quite a collection. The students who did a few of these pictures are now moving up in the art world. Who knows, maybe someday I can retire on the value of my collection!" Terry's smile as she said this made it clear that these pictures were for her own enjoyment and teaching; not for financial gain.

"Here, let me show you some things I was working on over the weekend." Terry escorted Anne over to an easel holding an unfinished painting set up at the back of the room. The painting showed a small lake with trees overhanging the banks. The impressionist style smoothed out and softened the boundaries between the different elements of water, land, trees and sky. On the near shore was a person laying on a blanket; a picnic basket nearby. Standing in the shallow water, was a young woman; one naked breast revealed in profile above the water line. The woman was reaching out to her companion on the shore. She was either signaling for her companion to join her in the water, or perhaps, waving goodbye.

"That's beautiful," Anne said, transfixed by the image. "Is the woman waving her friend in or saying goodbye?"

"What do you think?" Terry asked.

"I'm not sure. And is her friend a man or a woman?" Anne asked.

"I haven't decided yet. I want it to be a woman, but I want this painting to be approachable and I'm afraid I'll lose people if it's a woman."

"It should be a woman. Some people won't like it. So what? The romance is so obvious, people will love this painting."

"Thanks," Terry said as she gave Anne a kiss on the lips to show her complete appreciation for the compliment and encouragement to follow her desire. "Here let me show you the sketches I told you about." Terry took a small sketch pad from the nearby drawing table and opened it to the top page. The sketch showed Anne's face in three quarter profile, from a point-of-view to her left and just above her eyebrows. The sketch was very detailed, not hiding the small lines at the sides of her mouth or just under her eyelids. Anne was a pretty woman as this sketch fully reflected.

"Hmmm, do you think you could maybe erase those little lines around my eyes? Don't you think they make me look old?"

"I won't erase them," Terry said, and she kissed Anne on the lips again. "I love your eyes just the way they are." Then Terry flipped to the next page. Here was a drawing of two perfectly formed breasts, apparently from the same point-of-view as the first sketch. The tops of each breast were fully visible, the nipples fully erect, with the small bumps on the areolas perfectly captured, Anne thought she would feel them if she ran her finger over the paper.

"This is pretty," Anne said in a confessional sounding voice. "I hope that doesn't sound conceited considering who the model is. But it's not me that made this pretty sketch, it's you."

"Yes, but you were my inspiration." Despite how corny Terry knew that sounded, she said it with complete sincerity. And Anne responded with a self conscious smile. "I had to draw these just from memory," Terry continued. "And I was practicing a technique I try to teach my students. I want them to commit details to memory and then try to capture the details a day or two later in their drawings. It's very difficult at first, but with practice you start to notice things and keep them in your mind for a long time. I guess I've gotten pretty good at it. Some of my students are really improving, too. Still, I prefer to draw models live." Terry let this last hang in the air for a moment.

"You mean right here? In the studio?" Anne said, her voice rising as she asked.

"Sure! Why not? You've tried out so many other new things lately, this will just be one more adventure. I can lock the door, put on some music; I might even have some white wine in the little mini fridge over there if 10:00 in the morning isn't too early for you. I'm pretty fast with sketches. Of course, if you wanted to sit for a painting; that would be good, too."

"Whoa, not so fast. What would you want me to do for the sketches?"

"Just sit there looking pretty."

"Naked?"

"Preferably, yes."

"No scarves carefully draped over my body hiding my secrets from the artist?"

"Why hide perfection?" Terry teased.

"I can do this. For you. Let's give it a try."

"Great! Great! You can go in the back room if you're too modest to undress in front of me," Terry grinned as she said this.

"Oh, I think I can handle that. Where do I hang up my clothes?"

"How about on that wooden coat tree over there? The one with my painter's smock on it?"

Terry put on a Motown hits CD. The upbeat tunes reflecting her own feelings of working with Anne as her model. When Anne had completely undressed, she took the painter's smock off the coat tree and closed herself in it. The smock was an old button down men's shirt, a hand-me-down from Terry's father. Terry usually wore it around the studio to protect her clothes when she was painting or teaching a painting class. On Anne, the shirt was long enough to be a short dress.

"Ooh, don't you look fetching in that outfit?" Terry teased.

"Thank you, my dear. Really, I didn't want to stroll around in here completely naked. When you're ready to start, I'll take off the shirt. Where do you want me?"

"Over there, on the taller stool," Terry said, pointing towards the middle of the room where two wooden stools were standing; one taller the other shorter. Anne walked over to the stool, lifter herself up on it, unbuttoned the shirt and dropped it onto a nearby table. Terry started sketching immediately.

Anne felt different sitting there. Terry had seen her naked before of course. But those times it was the both women mutually discovering each other's bodies or in the heat of passion. This was different. This time, Terry was looking at Anne with an artist eye, studying her body for details and form and depth. Anne felt much more exposed here than at any other time in their relationship. And if felt good. Very good. Anne liked having another woman's attention focused solely on her body. She knew it was crazy, but there was a pure sensuality about having Terry watching her. Anne's body started to respond almost as if Terry were in physical contact with her. Her nipples had hardened almost immediately after she taken off the smock; but now she started to feel her pussy moisten from her pleasure. She was surprised by this. She needed to share this feeling with Terry. Anne lifted her feet onto the shorter stool and then spread her knees wide.

Terry had started sketching immediately. She wanted to capture several different poses so she worked quickly, planning to fill in minor details later. Terry captured Anne's initial pose, feet on the middle rung of the wooden stool, knees demurely pressed together, body slightly leaning back, small breasts perfectly rounded as they always were. Small areolas and pert nipples. Terry just outlined Anne's face and head to get the position correct; she could easily fill in the details from memory. As Anne lifted her legs, Terry flipped to the next page in her sketch book. Terry watched as Anne spread her legs and revealed her shiny wet pussy lips. Even when she wasn't aroused, Anne's inner lips were usually apparent. Now, as she became increasingly turned on, Anne's pussy opened up to Terry's delight. Terry wanted to focus her sketching on Anne's pussy. Terry quickly traced in the outlines of Anne's body and legs, allowing her to spend the most time on capturing the pure beauty between Anne's thighs. Terry was afraid she might be trying too hard to put onto paper how she was feeling. As she was finishing this drawing, Anne started moving her hand down between her thighs.

"Klonk, klonk, klonk." Terry almost jumped in the air at the loud banging sound. Anne was startled and quickly shifted on the stool to see where the noise had come from. It was the door. Someone was knocking at the door.

"Damn," Terry whispered to herself as her heart rate settled back to normal, Diana Ross and the Supremes were singing in the background. She tossed her sketchpad on the table and started walking over to the door, planning to shoo away whoever might be there. As Terry walked past Anne she said, "Why don't you put that smock back on. No sense giving who ever it is a free show."

Terry unlocked the door and peaked out; then, to Anne's surprise, she let door swing wide open. Standing in the doorway was a young woman, a good six inches shorter then Terry; straight brunette hair cut to just cover her ears; and a small smile just curling up the two sides of her mouth.

"Hi, Professor Andrews," said Julie. "I hope you don't mind. I heard the music so I figured you were in here. I thought I could spend a little while working on my painting if that's okay with you?"

"Julie!" Terry said. "Come on in."

Now Anne was almost flabbergasted. Here she was, sitting on a wooden stool, covered only by a long button down shirt. Dripping. And Terry invites in one of her students?

"I want you to meet someone special," Terry said to Julie. "I told you a little bit about her the other day. Julie, this is my friend Anne. Anne, this young lady is Julie, my star student I told you about last week."

Anne's head was still fuzzy, she couldn't place the name or the story. Terry helped her out.

"You remember. The lovely sketches I showed you the first day we met?"
