 Part 3

(trouble comes to paradise) 

To all those who are about to read this and haven't already read part 1 and 2: stories are always better if you start at the beginning. ;) Hint hint. 

At all the others: welcome back, I've missed you. :) 

Chapter 11 

Eventually I got to meet Rebecca's friends that weekend any way. 

We were showing each other our favorite places in the city and stopped for a drink and a much needed rest for our feet at a local bar near the river. Rebecca said she came here often because the staff was always friendly and the prices were good. 

As we walked in, somebody whistled loudly and came over to punch Rebecca in the shoulder. 

"Whoosh Becca! Is that your new flame? Why didn't you say she was such a stunner!"

I wondered how she knew Rebecca and I were an item. Was it that obvious? 

"Sure you only took me here because of the good prices and service?" I mumbled softly. Rebecca had the decency to look a bit sheepish. 

"Down girl." She said to the punching woman. "Go a bit easy on us, OK Lara?" 

Lara grinned. "OK, OK." 

We followed her to a table in the back by a window overlooking a small garden with a patio for the summer months. There were already four women sitting at it, obviously two couples. While Rebecca sat down and urged me to sit on the only remaining chair, opposite her, Lara took a chair from the table next to us. 

"Everyone, this is Aruna." Rebecca said, grinning widely. "Aruna, meet everyone." 

She winked and pointed with her hand. "Those are Maxine and Mary, and those are Mona and Rose." 

Lara put her chair next to mine and loudly cleared her throat. 

Rebecca rolled her eyes. "And that loud one next to you is Lara." 

Lara put her arm in the air to call a waiter to our table. On her left shoulder she had a tattoo with the words 'Fear is what you pay for adventure' written around a black and white picture of a parachute. 

Maxine saw me looking and said: "Lara is an adrenaline junkie. Don't worry, the rest of us are a bit more normal." 

Rebecca grinned while Lara snorted. "Pff, normal. Normal is boring. At least I try to live on the edge. More people should, it makes you feel alive." 

"Alive?"Maxine asked, "When you took me cliff diving on that date we took, I didn't feel alive. It felt like I would die of fear!" 

"Did you guys date?" Mary asked. "When?" 

"Only once, years ago." Lara answered. "I am so over cliff diving. That's for wusses." 

"What do you do now then, to feel alive?" I asked. 

"Oh, just other things." she answered vaguely, before ordering herself a new drink. 

Rebecca and I also ordered something and the waiter wrote it down on his little notebook. 

Suddenly I felt a foot on my leg. At first I was afraid that it was Lara's, but then Rebecca winked at me and I smiled. I kicked my left shoe off and joined her in my first game of footsie. Her leg was soft and warm and her foot tickled my leg while I tried to tickle hers. It was very hard to concentrate on the conversation above the table with our silent conversation going on under it. 

I was vaguely aware that Mona was saying something, but I didn't realize it was addressed to Rebecca and me until I felt them all stare at us. My cheeks started to burn again and to my delight I saw Rebecca's cheeks going red too. I loved it when that happened. 

"What? Could you repeat the question?" Rebecca asked, while her foot got away from my leg. 

I missed it instantly, but maybe it was for the best. We were in public after all.

"It wasn't a question." Rose told us with an annoyed expression on her face. "We just noticed you guys weren't listening to what we were saying, only staring at each other. So we tried to catch your attention." 

Mona, Mary, Maxine and Lara all chuckled while the waiter put our drinks on the table.

"So, Aruna, where did you meet? Rebecca wouldn't tell us anything about you. She only told us she finally broke up with Nicky and met someone new in the same day." Lara asked. "Someone better?" She added.

"Well I never plan to hit her, if that's what you mean." I answered a bit bluntly. 

I looked at Rebecca again. "You did tell them that, right?" 

She nodded. 

"So why didn't you tell them about me?" 

"You are not out yet, I wanted to protect your privacy. I didn't know how you would feel about it." 

"And Lilly then?" I asked. 

"I haven't seen them since you told Lilly." 

We were interrupted by Rose. "So, are you going to tell us how and where you met or not?" 

Rebecca smiled. "Runy is my new neighbor." she started.

I gently put my foot back on her knee while I listened to her side of our little story. I loved it when she called me Runy. She was the only one who did and it made me feel very special. 

"So, wait." Lara interrupted when Rebecca nearly finished. "You have this kind of staring in each others eyes and loosing the world in it bond, and never even dated?" 

Rebecca and I locked eyes again and smiled. "I guess not. Not official anyway." I said. 

"That's not fair! I date plenty in the hope of finding that, and you just stumble on it!" 

"What do you mean by not official?" asked Maxine, ignoring Lara. 

"I invited Rebecca to go to the animal shelter with me yesterday, because I wanted her help with choosing a cat, but my best friend Lilly was also with us." I explained.

"That's not a date." Lara agreed.

"What kind of cat did you choose?" Mona, the quieter one of the bunch, asked.

"A beautiful calico." Rebecca answered for me. "With black, yellow, orange, gray and beige in her fur." 

"Maybe you can call her Sunshine." Mona suggested. "That fits with Rain." 

I laughed and instantly decided I liked Rebecca's friends. "Great idea!" 

When I went to the bathroom half an hour later Rebecca came after me. 

I raised my eyebrows when I came out of the stall and noticed her waiting for me. 

"I am just giving them time to talk a bit without us, I think they needed that." she explained. "You are doing great." 

I pulled her in my arms and kissed her. "They are better friends than I expected." I admitted. "After Nicky..." 

"Do you want to go on a date with me?" she asked. "An official one?" 

I nodded and we kissed some more. 

"Come on, lets get going." I finally said. "The others had time enough now to gossip about us, and I have to be at my parents place for Sunday dinner at 6." 

We spent another half hour talking to Rebecca's friends before we said goodbye and walked to the bus-stop together. 

"I'll see you around, ok?" I said when we saw the bus coming around the corner. 

Without thinking I pulled her closer and kissed her full on the mouth. I think it shocked us both a bit. Kissing in front of friends was one thing, but... All day I didn't dare to take her hand in mine as we walked trough the city, and now I kissed her in front of all these fellow passengers like it was nothing? What? 

The bus stopped in front of us and the door opened with a sigh. I got on and took one of the empty places at the back. I couldn't stop smiling all the way to my parents house. 

So what if things were going a bit fast. I loved every second of it. 

Even though this was already the second time, it kept feeling weird to come on a visit in the house where you lived yourself until recently. 

I rang the doorbell and put my key in the lock. Two girls screamed in the hallway. Ah, so Madesh and Cynthia were there already, with my nieces Tamara and Kimberly. 

They pulled the heavy door open and Tamara threw herself in my arms. "Aunty Aruna! Aunty Aruna!" Kimberly turned around and ran back to the kitchen at the end of the hall. "Grandma, Aruna is here!" 

Our three dogs also ran in the hall and jumped around my legs, barking loudly. I started laughing and demonstratively put my fingers in my ears. The noise was something I didn't miss in my new home.

Cynthia called her daughters from the dining room to come help her set the table and the two ran away. Still laughing I walked into the kitchen and hung my coat over a chair. 

"Hi mom."I said cheerful, while I gave her a kiss on the top of her head. "Mmm, are those becoming samosas?" 

She nodded. "Please hang your coat up, then you can help me make some more." 

I did what she told me to and joined her in the chair opposite her to start filling and folding samosas too. I had helped her make samosas as a child so many times it had become a routine. I smiled. I told Rebecca I could not cook if my life depended on it, but maybe there was something I could teach her in the kitchen after all. 

I imagined Rebecca at this kitchen table, folding away with us and smiled even more. Maybe that would happen one day. What would my mother and Rebecca think of each other? 

"What are you dreaming about hon?" mom asked while she stood up and prepared a wok to fry the finished samosas in. 

"Oh nothing." I answered absentminded. "I started giving piano lessons." 

Mom threw the first batch of samosas in the ghee and they scorched closed with a loud hiss. "What a good idea! And, did you like it?" 

I grinned. "Definitely." 

"If you want I can do a good word for you in the community to help you find more students." she offered while the second batch of samosas slid in the wok. "If you manage it smart you can probably earn a nice second income next to your work in the salon. If you build up a good reputation you can probably even do it full time if you want." 

I laughed and shook my head. "Not so fast mom, I don't get paid for it. I do it in exchange for..." 

The twins entered the kitchen jumping up and down like two little balls in a pinball machine. "Mommy says we can have ice cream as dessert if its OK by you. Can we? Can we? Please grandma?" 

Mom scooped the last samosas out of the wok and pushed a big bowl of rice in Kimberly's hands. "Alright then. If you put this on the table. You can gather up everyone, dinner is ready." 

I fitted the samosas in neat little rows in a basket and followed the twins to the dining table in the adjoining room. I took my usual place while I waited for dad and my brothers. 

Nadeem arrived only just on time, still in suit and tie from work. The workaholic had spent the whole Sunday at the office. 

For starters we had Sambar, a sort of lentil soup, with the samosas to go with it, and as main dish fish curry with rice. Dessert was ice cream. 

It was a busy affair, the ten of us at one not so very big table. Different conversations were held right trough each other and the dogs begged unashamed for scraps from under the table. 

My apartment felt extra empty when I returned home. I sat at my piano and played well into the night. 

Chapter 12

Tuesday just before my workday was done I heard an sms coming in on my cell. 

I looked up from what I was doing and raised an eyebrow at Frank. We had a rule that you weren't supposed to answer your own phone during work hours, but because it was so slow and late, 30 minutes before closing time, I hoped he would make an exception. Somehow I just knew it was an sms from her. My curiosity to read it burned a hole in my chest. 

Frank gave me a short nod and a smile and I immediately dove in my purse to get my phone. 

I was right. 

"Hey Runy, surprise, surprise! Meet me at 7 at the bus stop in our street. Xxx R." 

I grinned my widest grin. A surprise? What kind? This had to be about our date! 

Before I even thought about if I wanted to call Rebecca in front of my colleagues, my fingers already pressed the buttons to do so. 

"Where are we going? What are we doing? What should I wear?" 

I heard her laughing and felt the usual twinkle in my belly. God, how I loved that laugh. 

"Hello to you too, and how is your day?" 

"Ok, better now that I hear your voice." Shit, did I really just said that in front of my colleagues? 

She stopped laughing. "Same here babe, same here." 

I saw Frank and the others staring at me and turned crimson again. I demonstratively turned my back at them. 

"You didn't answer my questions." I said, a bit softer than before.

"That's because I'm not going to. You have nothing to worry about babe. Show up, be your fabulous self, and let it happen to you. I 'm almost finished with the preparations. Everything will be taken care of." 

"Preparations? That sounds complicated." I fished, trying to get some more information, if only a little. 

She laughed again. "I'll see you later my Runy. I'm hanging up now. Bye." 

To my great disappointment she meant it, as she promptly finished our call. 

"A date tonight?" asked Lilly. 

I nodded. "But I don't know where or what." 

"I thought you hated surprises." Frank commented. 

"I do." I answered gloomy. 

When the dog salon closed I raced home. My longs and legs burned while I parked my bike and locked it. It was 6 o'clock. Another 60 minutes, or 3600 seconds to go. 

As I ran up the stairs I was already mentally going through my wardrobe.

I entered, fed Sunshine, gave her fresh water and some short attention, and stepped into the shower. 

What to do with my hair? What should I wear? Maybe some make-up, just in case? This was a date after all, even if it was the most unpredictable one in my life so far. 

At 6:50 I stood at the bus stop. I had no idea what to dress for, so I had opted for fancy. Better over- than under dressed. 

My hair was neatly stacked on top of my head, my legs and other regions freshly shaven, I wore my favorite and only evening gown, a deep purple one that fitted me like a glove, and my red heals underneath. People stared at me, but I tried to ignore it as much as I could. 

Exactly at 7 Rebecca came. She carried a big basket, wore a jeans, tight shoes, and even a sweater. Shit, I was overdressed. A lot. 

When she saw me she stopped walking and her mouth fell open. I grinned, The dress did it's work. 

"Wow, Runy... You look... Wow." 

I twirled around. "Do you like it?" 

She came closer and put the basket on the ground. "Like it? Of course! You look stunning!" 

I blushed. "Good. Can we now go home then, so I can change in something more suitable? I am obviously overdressed." 

Rebecca grinned. "You are a tad overdressed, yes, but I am not letting you change. Do you have any idea how beautiful you are in that?" 

"But I 'll be stared at!" I protested. "I already was!" 

"Nonsense, not where we are going. Besides, if people look at you its only because you are probably the prettiest thing they've seen all day."

Right then the bus drove around the corner of the street. Rebecca put her arm out and it stopped in front of us so we could get in. She took my hand and dragged me to the backseat. Luckily the bus wasn't really full. Only 4 other people besides the chauffeur: an elderly couple, a man of about 30, and a fat lady with a little dog on her lap. The bus left as soon as we sat down.

"So, where are you taking me?" I asked when she put the basket at her feet. "And what's in there? It looks heavy."

She stroked my face with her finger. The man stared at us and I started to blush again. 

"I'm not telling. Otherwise it won't be a surprise anymore."

"But I hate surprises!" I protested. 

She giggled. "I have a feeling you will not hate this. Lara and the others wanted me to take you dancing or to the movies or something like that, but that is far too unoriginal for you." 

The bus stopped a few times and one by one the others got out. 

"So where are we going?" I tried again. 

She merely smiled and squeezed my knee. "We 're almost there." 

"Is it at the terminus or something? Why are we going so far?" I asked while I lifted her hand to my face and kissed her little rose ring. 

"Do you know where the terminus of this bus is?" She asked. 

I shook my head. "No, I go everywhere with my bike. I usually don't take public transport." 

She grinned. "Ha! Yes, we are going to the terminal, but I wont tell you where it is." 

I looked outside for a while in the hope of extracting a hint from our surroundings, bur now we drove trough an industry terrain, past factory after factory. It probably was not going to happen around here. My curiosity became bigger and bigger by the second and her mysterious acting only made it worse. Wasn't there a way somehow in which I could force her to talk? 

I leaned against her and dropped my head on her shoulder. Her hair softly tickled my cheek. God, she smelled nice again. She put her arm over me and lay her head on mine, as if she thought I had given up, which I'd almost done. 

It was so easy to fall prey to her charm, to give myself over to her softness, to let myself drift on the flow of my feelings for her and just follow her blindly in everything she wanted from me. 

I giggled softly. That made me think of something, a small idea. " Let's see if she can resist me as badly as I her." I thought. 

Normally I would never do this, but since we were alone in the bus, apart from the driver, and since I was desperate,...

Lifting my head back up I pressed a wet kiss in her neck. 

She laughed softly and stroked my cheek again. "We are not alone here Runy, wait until later." 

"Aha," I thought, "Hint number 1. We are going somewhere where we are going to be alone. Let's see if I can pry some more lose." 

My hand crawled its way up her thigh and I started unbuttoning her pants. "The chauffeur only pays attention to the road anyway." I whispered in her ear. "Hopefully." 

"Runy! What are you doing! No!" She hissed back. 

My hand wriggled itself inside and under her underpants. "I'm not stopping until you say where we're going." I said with a wicked smile on my face. 

She didn't have a chance to protest because I plastered my mouth on hers. 

Only after a few seconds she pushed me away. Her eyes were big as saucers. 

"Did I do this?" She asked flabbergasted. 

"Do what?" I asked back, while my finger stroked her outer lips, who were also getting wet fast. 

"When I first met you, you were a good and decent girl and look at you now! You've turned into a true sex vixen! We are in public!" 

She was right. Little over a week ago this wouldn't even have sprung up in my mind. 

"I really hate surprises." I explained with a red face. "I'm desperate." 

She moaned softly when I held her clit between two fingers.

"I'm not saying anything!" she insisted. "Otherwise the magic will be gone from it."

"Are you sure?" I asked while I rubbed my fingers over each other with her clit in between. 

She moaned a little harder this time. "Yes!" she squeaked.

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked while I pause all movement of my hand.

"Yes! No!" she hissed.

I continued and she moaned again. The driver looked at his rear view mirror and gasped. I winked at him and licked Rebecca's ear for extra demonstration. 

What had gotten into me? This was going much much further than I planned! 

"You are in control." I whispered in her ear. "If you say where we're going, I'll stop." 

But she held her stand. "No! I am not saying anything!" 

"Are you sure?" I asked teasingly. "We will cause an accident this way! The bus driver is still looking at us instead of the traffic!"

My other hand disappeared under her sweater and I cupped her breast. "Tell me where we're going!" 

"No!" 

"Then there's nothing left for me to do but stop." I sighed. 

She was shaking and I supported her body with mine to prevent her from sliding completely of our bench. It hadn't taken all that long, but she was very close. 

"No!" She squeaked again. "Runy, please." She begged. She looked at me with her saddest face and I sighed. How was I supposed to resist that? 

I gave her another long lick, on her neck this time, and pinched her nipple. I didn't have much space, but my hand in her pants started to move more rapidly. She lay her head against my shoulder and it didn't take her long to orgasm. She obviously did her best to make as little sound as possible, but only managed half in it. 
