 AIWYtB3

Mia only looked through her window into the midnight spring Oregon rain for a short ten minutes for the black-on-black Jaguar to pull in her parking lot.

Having not expected her visitor quite so soon, Mia pulled herself from her reverie to make some rushed preparations. Her Cascadian Farms Fruitfulos were tossed down the garbage disposal and the bowl and spoon hurriedly tossed in the dishwasher. She switched off the TV and turned on the "dirty girl" mix on her sound system.

She ran to her bedroom. The old tee shirt and plain panties she wore for a casual night in were quickly thrown in her hamper. She shook out and teased her strawberry blonde hair while trying to choose what she did want to wear for a night in of casual sex. But then the doorbell rang.

"Damn," she thought to herself. "Maybe I can play it off as intentional? Greeting her at the door already naked?"

She opened her door to a tall woman - made even taller by stiletto-heeled Tom Ford boots - with a long red mane, flawless ivory skin, and brilliant green eyes. Far from Mia's nakedness, she wore a Burberry leather jacket, a Givenchy tank, and Saint Laurent jeans. 

For Mia, those designer names were nearly as sexy as the stunning woman wearing the flattering and flattered clothes.

Her guest, for her part, gazed with open lust at the au naturel beauty before her. Mia never disappointed a woman with her nakedness. 

"Hi Kay," Mia searched for something to say. "How was driving in this downpour?"

The two women had known each other for years, but only intimately in the sexual sense. They had a one nighter when the redheaded woman visited The Jungle on her way through town. The chemistry was undeniable, so Mia offered her number for some easy fun whenever Kay passed through eastern Oregon. 

"Uh-huh." Kay saw no need for small talk with an afterhours booty call who opened her door in the nude. Foreplay seemed doubtful as well.

Kay pushed the door closed behind her and then forced naked Mia against it.

The sexy strawberry blonde's breath was taken away and her rosy nipples hardened against the panels of her own front door. Boots prized her feet to shoulder width apart with denim jeans rough on the inside of her thighs. Lambskin rubbed the soft skin of her back. Something hard pressed against her just above the cleft of her ass. 

One arm across the back of her shoulders kept her pressed tightly to the door. Another hand brazenly cupped her heated sex. Two fingers pushed easily inside with the ample assistance of Mia's liquid need.

"Damn, Peaches," Kay whispered deviously. "You really need a good fucking, huh?"

Mia moaned as the fingers inside her curled to probe her g-spot. That wasn't answer enough for Kay.

"You come to the door randy as a stoat, already buck-naked, Ms. Jackson's 'All Nite' rumbling from your speakers, and all you can do is moan?" Kay's fingers began a stabbing rhythm targeting Mia's vulnerable g-spot while she ground her strapon slowly into Mia's ass through a layer of silk and denim. "You're not being too subtle here anyway, Peaches. Just tell me what you need."

While Mia appreciated the line Kay walked between crass and salacious, she wouldn't tolerate a girlfriend talking to her like that. Or another fuck buddy. Or a man with a gun to her head really. But when that velvet-over-steel voice demanded an answer in her mellifluous tone...

"Please take me? I need it," Mai breathed, "I need you."

The verbal surrender in concert with the physical surrender of the gorgeous woman's hot body to lust suited Kay very well. She spun Mia around so her back was to the door and rewarded her compliance with a deep kiss.

Mia's arms draped over her lover's neck, contented. She knew from experience that things would speed soon, but she loved the taste of softness before the thunder.

Kay's tongue slipped easily into her willing mouth to loll about cavalierly. The warm press of full lips and moist cavern between smooth teeth welcomed Kay fondly back. She enjoyed the relaxed comfort she found in her laidback lover. Yet cool Kay found herself moaning as Mia sucked gently, knowingly firing the tall redhead's libido.

One of Kay's dexterous hands caressed the silky skin of Mia's bare hip, while the other hand unzipped her fly to get out the business end of her Penetrix for Mia's pleasure.

After a few more tranquil moments of kissing and touching, both Kay's hands grabbed that juicy ass and kneaded rudely. With almost the same motion, she popped her hips forward and banged her knuckles against the door.

Her hands travelled down a couple inches to where Mia's firm ass met her toned thighs. As those hands lifted, Mia caught on and hopped up to wrap her lovely legs around Kat's trim waist.

Kay continued kissing her until the shorter woman's leg muscles untightened a bit, then managed to pull her hips back enough to insert the silicone cock into Mia's ripe and ready pussy in one unhurried, steady movement.

Mia groaned loudly, both at the insertion itself and the satisfying feeling of fullness. Her own weight pushing the toy further inside caused a well-placed bump to press directly against the g-spot Kay'd teased earlier. She let out a small gratified sigh and laid her head on Kay's leather covered shoulder.

While the newly impaled woman adjusted to her position, the stronger woman adjusted her stance slightly wider to support more weight with her calves and press Mia's upper body firmly into the door with her chest and shoulders. It's no mean feat to fuck a girl like that and success comes from 1% perspiration and 99% preparation.

Mia's impatience bled through quickly and she said something rather foolish.

"Are you going to get started anytime soon?"

Kay laughed.

"Now you wanna beg, huh?"

"I'm not begging."

"Really?" Kay's right hand briefly relinquished its hold to hit three buttons on the remote control attached to her belt loop.

A light buzzing started on her end of the dildo, ending in the bulb against her own g-spot and strongest on the ripples designed to rub across her clit when the action started. She exhaled at the nice new sensation.

Things weren't as calm on Mia's end of the stick. The vibration overwhelmed her with unexpected speed and intensity. 

"Ohoo, ah, fuck!" she gasped. Her body naturally tried to propel itself off the surprisingly overpowering cock, but she had no purchase with her feet, no leverage with her legs and hips, and nowhere to push off to with her arms.

"Well then, you're rather compromised now, huh?" Kay laughed aloud. "You maybe wanna rethink that stubborn refusal of yours to beg?"

"Heartless *gasp* biiitch!" Mia spat. She told herself again that she really wouldn't tolerate this kind of behavior from anyone else.

"Now, now, Peaches," Kay continued to chuckle, knowing that Mia was more frustrated than angry and thoroughly relishing her discomfiture. "You're not helping your case. I think you should be nice to me."

Mia still refused to outright beg out of sheer mulish pride, but she turned her head on Kay's shoulder. Contritely, she put wet kisses up the redhead's long, elegant neck and under her square jaw.

"Mmm," Kay complimented the lusty vibrating woman. "That's better."

The tall woman's hips drew back a few short inches and began thrusting. In her position, she couldn't provide long strokes into Mia's ready sex. She made up for it with vigorous speed.

Mia's hands clinched into tight fists, arms still locked around the back of her lover's neck. The blow to her pride proved worth it as Kay fucked her so fast and short that the friction of the bump sliding back and forth under her g-spot felt like the devilish woman was trying to spark a literal fire inside her overheated cunny. Coupled with the delicious ridges raking passed her clit, she knew she wouldn't last very long.

Although the act of rogering the beautiful strawberry blonde turned her on and felt great, Kay only worked toward Mia's orgasm for the moment. She partially wanted the delayed gratification getting Mia off first would provide, but mostly didn't want her knees to buckle while her fuck buddy's ass was in her hands and have them both come crashing down.

Nonetheless, Kay's labor was enjoyable and little grunts of pleasure and exertion escaped from her mouth as she sawed rapidly in and out of Mia.

Mia was much louder, especially with the speed with which she careened toward her climax. Thinking of Kay coming over got her moist. Kay's voice in her ear and fingers in her pussy got her wet. Kay's magic vibrating cock got her soaked. Kay's pistoning of her pinned and lifted body had her in monsoon season. She screamed with joy as the drenched toy practically sloshed inward and outward.

The Penetrix is one of the best toys of the market for translating tactile sensation between partners, so Kay could acutely feel when that sloshing began to slow spasmodically as Mia's walls clamped down. Knowing her lover's penetration/clitoral stimulation based orgasm to be nigh, Kay maintained her rapid thrust rate. Carefully avoiding rhythmic or speed changes would allow Mia to concentrate on achieving and savoring an extremely powerful and physically exhausting climax.

Short, swift, smooth strokes continued to stoke Mia's fires until she felt herself reach her boiling point. Her back pressed harder to the door. Her buttocks tensed in Kay's hands and her legs squeezed hard around Kay's waist. Her sweet pussy contracted on the Penetrix and her frustrations were justified in an eruption of rapture.

"Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!"

Mia's body slumped and hung on Kay, but Kay didn't pause.

Mia's pretty pussy had become too stressed to continue to accept the wild fucking, but Kay didn't pause.

"Please?" Mia moaned, her head rested again on the leather of Kay's shoulder.

"What?" Kay didn't pause.

"Please, Kay," Mia managed more forcefully, "My box can't take it!"

Kay paused.

"Fair enough, Peaches."

Kay lifted Mia off her tool and walked her into her living room to lay her down on her leather sofa. It confused her at first that Kay laid her face down.

That confusion was nearly immediately resolved as Kay laid on top of her and she felt the still vibrating toy hotdog between her buns. Mia groaned in assent.

Kay loved fucking a woman to ecstatic exhaustion and then fucking her willing but helpless her own gratification in the aftermath. Her sexy hostess looked so appetizing when she laid her down on her face on the sleeper sofa. Her mussed locks draped over the smooth skin of her feminine back. A sweeping curve led from there to her bouncy bubble butt. Mia's arms flopped over the arm of the sofa and her utterly unwound thighs were spread ever so slightly on the cushions.

Just lying on top of the spent naked woman while still fully clothed and strapped made Kay feel powerful and dominant, on top of the sexual buzz she'd built up hammering her against the door. Knowing that she was about channel that power into Mia's ass turned her on even more and so Kay savored the moment as she pressed the still vibrating head of her cock into the relaxed rosebud between Mia's pliant cheeks.

"Hey, Peaches," Kay rubbed it in sarcastically, "If you need a break, you feel free to stand up and walk away for a little bit."

"Smug bitch," Mia muttered back clear enough so that Kay could hear her.

Kay smiled and hit another button on the remote on her belt.

The cockhead in Mia's ass changed vibration patterns to a hard juddering setting that made the delicate ring of muscle spasm and jump. The tall redhead felt every twitch and tremor in her end and knew she'd be getting herself off real soon using her fuck buddy's sensitive bottom that way.

"Mmmmmm," Kay gloated through gritted teeth, "You like that, Peaches? Because I'm lovin' it."

"Uhhhhh-ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh..." Charming little grunts were forced from Mia as Kay gyrated her pelvis in small circles. The movement primarily served to massage Kay's throbbing clit, but also swirled the head holding open Mia's backdoor.

Kay kept the pattern with only her hips not directly against the naked woman she had penetrated, banking the long smoldering heat in her own pussy she'd developed since setting foot in the apartment. Until she saw stars.

With a guttural growl and a powerful thrust, Kay came loudly and sank the strapon into Mia's sexy ass.

"Aaa-aahhhhhhhhh!" Mia screeched as the powerful vibration churned deep within her.

"Fuck," Kay hit a button and the vibration slowed to the gentle buzzing again. "Sorry, Peaches."

Mia didn't stay displeased. The return to a mild pulsation made her eyes roll back and she let her left leg slide off the sofa so that the awesome toy could push even deeper inside her. Her late night guest had stopped to ride out her orgasm and catch her breath, so Mia luxuriated in the sensations. Primarily the column buried in her tush, but it was always more with Kay inside her.

The powerful, magnetic woman on top of her kissed her neck with silky lips as her silky red hair draped around her smelling delicately of lavender. The soft lambskin and thick denim felt warm on her skin and the weight of her lover comforted her on a very fundamental level.

She knew (and preferred) that Kay would be gone before the sun filtered in through her window in the morning, but she also knew an honest contentment in the moment.

Kay regained herself and figured that Mia had time to adjust to the fullness in her rectum. She began a more moderate stroke, long and tender. All the way out to the head and then back in until jeans met buns.

"Ohhh, Kay, fuck, Kay," Mia intoned, "Harder. Go harder. FUCK ME!"

As aforementioned, Mia had a very firm, very tight, and - most of all - very bouncy ass. Kay had no problem going harder.

She altered her position to put her upper body weight on her forearms in a modified plank. (Modified in that her knees were inside Mia's and her pelvis rebounded off Mia's taut buttocks instead of being locked by her cut abs in sustained suspension in midair.) Seconds later, the strapped woman pumped in and out of the curvy strawberry blonde's rear entrance as fast as her hips would roll to their mutual benefit. 

Kay moaned. Mia moaned. Kay fucked. Mia took it. The pace charged on and both women felt their pulses and pussies quicken. Mia especially felt like her hot ass was on fire in the best possible way.

Kay's right arm reached underneath her hostess to frig her with the ball of her manicured thumb and plunder her with rapid fingers. She started without asking, but halted abruptly. Well, halted her hand. Her hips wouldn't stop for a leprechaun.

"I should have asked," Kay taunted, "Is your 'box' ready to receive again?"

"Mmphf bitch," Mia affirmed between pants.

The powerful redhead smiled again, knowing the expletive for the compliment it really was. She resumed manipulating Mia's waxed cunny with her expert hand. By feel, Kay understood the tensing of her slick walls and unsheathing of her tense clit that Mia was close to her second orgasm.

Kay resolved to come with her and redoubled her effort while altering her angle back a touch to enhance her clitoral stimulation with every - single - individual - satisfying - plunge.

Soon, Kay felt her mind blow again with another bursting apex. Simultaneously, Mia's pussy tightened down on Kay's fingers as her muscles contracted and a flood of cum flowed from her well-fucked body.

Mia blacked out and didn't consciously feel her guest tumble onto her unmoving naked form.

Until her ragged breathing settled, Kay laid still inside her hostess and sweetly caressed the soft skin of her arms and shoulders.

With a deep breath she pulled out and stood, taking a second to admired Mia's cute bumhole as it winked at her. Then she walked to the bathroom, efficiently washed and sanitized the Penetrix, stashed it back inside her jacket, and hung her jacket on the empty coat rack.

"Want a beer?" the temporarily sated ginger woman asked from the kitchen, "I forgot about your penchant for pussy beers." Kay chuckled to herself and muttered, "Huh. Pussy beers?"

"Yeah," Mia answered groggily, having only just come to, "Get me a grapefruit shandy?"

"Sure," Kay agreed easily. She grabbed the shandy for Mia, a double chocolate coffee oatmeal stout for herself, and an extra long necked 12oz green bottle of summer ale that she poured down the sink and popped in the freezer.

"And I like my 'pussy beers,' thank you very much," Mia's said in mock irritation at Kay's light teasing.

"I like your pussy beers too, Peaches," Kay winked as she handed over the shandy, "I also like this song mix. Excellent sex soundtrack."

"Thanks. I made it for Zumba, but it worked pretty well."

"I especially got into LL's 'Control Myself' remix."

"I noticed."

Kay winked and took another sip of her stout.

"So, I'm sorry I didn't really get the time to make myself up for you like I normally do."

Dangerous statement. If Kay was honest, she thought Mia wore too much make up and certainly spent too much effort on it. But she definitely wouldn't say that. It was not an advantageous time for honesty and Mia wasn't the type of woman who responded well to a prod at an insecure area.

With that in mind, Kay had to proceed prudently. Any idiot would know not to tell her that she needed the makeup, but she couldn't say "I don't care about your makeup" or "you don't really need makeup" either without invalidating all the time she usually took with it. 

Luckily, Kay had years of experience in having profitable conversations with female acquaintances that she either wanted to sleep with or wanted to continue sleeping with.

"I drove hours out of my way to come see you. If I just wanted a girl wearing makeup, I could stop at any mall in the country. You're more than that, Peaches." Kay flashed a smile and finished with a quick kiss to Mia's naturally rosy lips, then took her half-finished shandy into the kitchen with her finished stout.

Mia cocked her head in curiosity as Kay pulled a beer bottle from her freezer after she set the other ones in her sink. Little wisps of cold breath drifted out of the bottle's mouth and condensation dripped down the neck to the small round body and off the butt to the floor.

With another mischievous smile, Kay walked over to where Mia still sprawled on her leather sofa, but face up this time.

The tall redhead knelt between her legs and pulled her by her calves to the edge of the seat so her reenergized sex was on display.

Millimeter by millimeter, Kay pressed the bottle neck inside, the cold a shock to the beautiful woman's heated body. Kay added to the thrilling mix of effects with her warm wet tongue tracing above, beside, and below where the chilled bottle met hot skin as she worked it in a gentle push and pull to and from Mia's center.

Both women were just starting to really get into it when the doorbell rang. As one, they looked to see it was nearly 3 in the morning.

"I'll get it," Kay offered with a laugh, since she was still fully clothed - sans jacket.

Kay opened the door to find a pretty girl, just as she'd hoped in the small hours at the arguably promiscuous Mia's apartment.

"Well come on in, Bright Eyes." Kay welcomed the hazel eyed cutie standing in the rain. "Let's get you out of those wet clothes."

"Is Mia here?" The girl asked, unsure at meeting a stranger.

"LJ, what are you doing here?" Mia scolded as she walked toward the door. "You should have called first."

"Aww," Kay interjected as she pulled LJ inside and held her slim hips from behind, "Your little friend can play too. I don't mind."

"I'm sorry. I couldn't call. My, uh, I don't have my phone anymore." LJ apologized, distracted as one of Kay's arms locked around her and the other hand slipped under her waistband, passed her naval, and heading south.
