 Author's note: This story is part of a loose series of stories I have written that begins with Ashlee and Naiya's Sleepover and Macy's Crush and is directly preceded by A Sudden Change. There are also other stories in the series that follow Naiya's path that I've already written (Naiya's Fresh Start and Naiya's Homecoming). Those technically come after this one, so if you feel yourself enjoying the story, but also a bit lost regarding the back story feel free to ignore Naiya's stories and just start from the beginning and work your way back.

I'd also like to point out that I edited this myself, so please be forgiving of any small errors you might find while also feeling free to let me know if there's any glaring oversights I've made either editing or just in the story itself. As long as it's constructive I'll be glad to read whatever it is any of you have to say. 

That being said, I do hope you enjoy my incredibly long and at some points very slow story. If you do rest assured there will be more to come. If you don't, well... that's okay too. Either way I thank you. 

Oh and disclaimer: All characters engaging in any sexual activity in this story are at least 18 years of age in the author's mind.





Ashlee loved Macy more than she'd ever loved anyone or anything in her life. She knew this was true without even having to think about it. It was just an indisputable fact that was beyond question just as it was a fact that Macy returned that love fully and truly without any reservations, qualifiers or any other such nonsense. Their love was beautiful and true and it was something that Ashlee cherished more than life itself.

Of course, it hadn't exactly been an easy love. After all, the beginning of their relationship had hardly been perfect, but that hadn't mattered then and it didn't matter now. So what if they had both been on the rebound from the first real relationships of their young lives? So what if they'd both discovered on that very same night when they first made love with so much soft passion that they'd both been keeping secrets from each other? Did it matter now that they were together? Of course not. All that really mattered was the new closeness they felt for each other and the comfort they felt in the other's arms and lips and so much else whenever they were together. The emotional and awkward beginning was nothing compared to that.

By the time they'd left for school the awkward beginning was barely an after thought. About the only awkwardness that remained was the strain their love put on Macy's relationship with her step sister Naiya, but even that hardly seemed to matter. After all, any strain there was a direct result of Naiya's actions and that made it easier for Macy to fall in love with Ashlee guiltlessly even as she tried her best not to let her relationship with Naiya completely fall apart. It would take quite a bit for Macy to succeed in doing that, but eventually she found something of an equilibrium when she discovered that Naiya realized that the fault for destroying the friendship and love she'd had with Ashlee rested entirely within herself, but that was another story altogether.

The love that had quickly developed between Ashlee and Macy was strong from the very start and even that seemingly significant hurdle was no true obstacle to their feelings by the time they'd left for college to start a new adventure together seemingly far, far away from the life they had back home. In fact, when they got in the car with Ashlee's mother to follow Ashlee's father and older sister Tabitha in the small moving van they didn't even bother wasting a thought on Naiya. Their thoughts were more focused on the frustration of having to control themselves during the long, tedious drive halfway across the state while also trying not to get frustrated with the constant stream of advice coming from Ashlee's mother about what not to do once they were on their own and out of the reach of direct parental supervision. 

It was hard to do especially since Ashlee's mother made it a point to bring up the dangerous and foreboding creatures known as frat boys and their evil, lustful ways seemingly once every five minutes or so. A couple of times the girls had a hard time just trying to keep from laughing as she kept harping on the importance of making sure they didn't get themselves knocked up or infected with some horrible disease, but they managed to hold it in and Ashlee's mother was sufficiently embarrassed to not notice the knowing smiles Ashlee and Macy exchanged on more than one occasion through the rearview mirror.

There was one warning that Ashlee's mother had given, however, that they later learned was quite relevant despite the fact that at the time they just found it amusing to even consider the fact that living together would be anything but a paradise of endless Sapphic joy and wanton sexual exploration which, of course, it was in a lot of ways. Sadly, when Ashlee's mother had warned them their youthful arrogance had easily won the day even as Ashlee's mother had said wisely "Seriously girls, try not to get on each other's nerves too much. I know you think I'm just some old fuddy duddy hausfrau, but trust me, living with anyone, even your best friend, can be a major strain on a friendship. Heck, when I was a sophomore I lived with this girl Carmen who was my best friend in the world before we rented an apartment together. Six months later I was ready to strangle her every time she brought some frat boy home with her or left her towel on the floor after a shower. God, by the time our lease was up we weren't even talking. Hell, I never talked to her again."

"Mom," Ashlee had said at the time in all seriousness and with more than a hint of the usual teenage parental frustration evident in her voice, "That won't happen to us. We've known each other since like forever. I doubt we'll be strangling each other over towels on the bathroom floor."

"Yeah, that's what you think. Seriously, Ashlee and you too Macy, I want you both to promise me that whatever happens, whatever little annoying issue crops up that drives you mad with irrational rage or anything else you guys won't let yourselves hate each other. I mean it, promise me."

"Don't worry, Rhonda," Macy said from the backseat. She'd always called her friends parents by their first names even though only Rhonda had ever actually insisted on it, "I promise we won't kill each other."

"Thank you, Macy. I appreciate that. Your turn, Ashlee. Don't look at me like that. Promise your mother you won't kill your friend over something stupid."

"Cross my heart and swear to god," Ashlee said as she did as she said smiling widely at what she thought was the silliness of it all. Her mother ignored the smile before reminding Ashlee and Macy that she'd hold them to their word even though the look on her face told them she knew they weren't taking her seriously. She then reverted to talking about safe sex and making sure they didn't miss their classes before finally realizing she'd been lecturing them for over an hour. After that the conversation became far more friendly and light hearted until they arrived at the little apartment Ashlee's father had managed to rent them both and everyone became far too busy moving the rag tag collection of second hand furniture that had been clogging up Ashlee's parents garage and Macy's families basement for the last few months and all the hastily packed boxes into the cramped confines of what would be Ashlee and Macy's home for at least the next six months.

Rhonda had made sure to remind them of their promise before Ashlee's family left in flurry of hugs, well wishes, reminders to call regularly and other heartfelt family moments, but the bittersweet partings had dulled the sharpness of the warning even more than Ashlee and Macy's youthful arrogance had in the car. Then what Macy and Ashlee did once they were alone dulled it even more as they put unpacking on hold and instead did their best to "break in the apartment" by going down on each other on the couch. They almost did the same thing in the shower before they realized they needed to get to work. Of course, this didn't stop them from making love again anyway( on the couch again, naturally), but after that they managed to control themselves long enough to make the living room reasonably livable and assemble one of their bed's before they got hungry and ordered a pizza as they smoked a joint and relaxed on the couch.

By the time they were getting ready to call it a night they'd somehow managed to get most of the big stuff out of the way despite the fact that that first joint quickly turned into five and their ability to control their hormones lessened with each hit. Still, they managed to make the apartment look something like a home despite all the half emptied boxes strewn about every room except the bathroom. They'd even managed to hook up the cable and their computers before they finally gave up on the idea of testing out the capacity of the water heater and instead just fell on the couch to watch some random movie that neither was paying that much attention to as they smoked a little more and chatted lazily with each other.

Of course they weren't just sitting there vegging out. How could they? Just being close to each other while knowing that for once there was absolutely no chance that they'd be interrupted was simply too much of a temptation. Sure they were both tired, but when the movie ended and Macy, after getting up and grabbing the remote for her stereo out of one of the aforementioned half empty boxes, asked Ashlee in her cutest, little pleading voice for a foot rub Ashlee could already feel herself gearing up for another round of sweet, soft love making with her beautiful lover.

Being able to make love to her petite and wonderful girlfriend was nothing short of a blessing. Not just because she was beautiful, of course. That would be shallow and their love was too deep, too emotional and true to be labeled like that. No, there was a friendship there that ran deeper than any mere physical attraction. It was just a connection that neither really could put a label on, but it didn't matter. It was there and that was everything.

Still, Macy's body did drive her wild. Ashlee just loved her soft, shoulder length dark brown hair, her tiny nose, her perfect jaw line and her beautiful eyes which somehow seemed both just a little too big for her face, but also absolutely perfect. She also loved those small, perfect breasts, her soft, ever so bitable tummy and her cute feet with those perfect toes that occasionally just called to her even though she really didn't have a foot fetish. At least she didn't think so. Sure, the fetish she didn't think she had actually turned out to be the catalyst that got the ball rolling again, but that hardly meant anything. Seriously, Macy just had some cute fucking toes as Ashlee was forced to tell Macy when she teased Ashlee for kissing them as they rested on the couch in what passed for their jammies enjoying their buzz, their closeness and the music of Elvis Costello, a fetish Macy had picked up over the last month for reasons unknown to Ashlee, but which she was starting to get into despite herself. Of course, she wasn't paying all that much attention at the time and instead she was busy smiling in response to her lover's laugh.

"You're such a perv," Macy said, laughing that light, airy little giggle that Ashlee just couldn't help but love.

"Am not. It's not my fault your toes are so fucking cute," Ashlee said defending herself with a smile.

"Whatever, pervert. Why don't you stop wasting your time kissing my feet and get back to rubbing them?" Macy shot back, trying her best not to smile as she did so.

"But I like kissing them."

"Well, I like it when you kiss me in other places a lot better."

"Really?" Ashlee said raising her eyebrow as though intrigued. Of course, she was intrigued even though it was hardly a mystery where this conversation was going. Still, she waited to hear her lover's response before deciding her next move.

"Yes, really," Macy replied coyly letting Ashlee know that Macy was aware that she was waiting to be told where else she should direct the attention of her lips.

"Like where?" Ashlee said after a short pause even though she realized before she asked that Macy was going to keep playing the coy little girl. As she asked she decided that it was best just to give up the pretense of continuing the foot massage and instead guided Macy's foot off to the side before she leaned over and made to lay on top of her lover, but at the last moment she paused and instead crouched over her waiting for a response.

"Guess," Macy responded as she reached out and gently pulled Ashlee the rest of the way down to her until their faces were mere inches apart. She then tried to close that last gap as well only to find that Ashlee had decided that it was her turn to be a little coy.

"Maybe I don't want to guess. Did you ever think of that?"

"Maybe you should just shut up and kiss me. Did you ever think of that?"

"Hmmm, that is a good..."

"Oh my god! Shut up!" Macy said before craning her neck up to Ashlee and putting an end to their game. Ashlee didn't mind one little bit, she did consider resisting just for a split second. At least she considered doing that until she felt Macy's lips part against her own and instead she found herself forgetting all about it and just about everything else as she melted into Macy's arms and into those soft, loving lips.

Macy's kiss always seemed to have that kind of an effect on Ashlee. It was just so sweet and tender and there was always so much feeling in even the simplest kiss. This kiss was no exception to that rule. Even though it was more playful than serious that didn't mean that Macy didn't put every last ounce of her love and lust into it as she started to teasingly bite Ashlee's lower lip in a successful attempt to slowly draw out her passion. Soon they were both shifting on their narrow, lumpy sofa until they were both lying on their sides.

The maneuver was somewhat tricky, but they'd had plenty of practice. Since they had purchased their crappy couch for twenty bucks at the local goodwill it had been seen plenty of action late at night in Ashlee's parents garage (well, it was supposed to be a garage, but it hadn't been used as one ever since Ashlee's father got himself a job that paid him enough to build one that was actually attached to the house. Since then it had basically served as a place for Ashlee, her sisters and her friends to hang out and get stoned amongst the wreckage of her father's now abandoned hobby of working on old cars) In fact, they'd bought it despite it's dilapidated condition because it just so happened to be a pull out, but they'd yet to bother going to the trouble of pulling out the bed and instead usually just ended up either using it as a jumping off point before heading to bed or they just ended up doing it right there on the smoky and beer stained cushions. Of course, at that point it was as yet undecided where they'd end up making love as they took advantage of their new position to simply take joy in their closeness as hands freely began to wander under the thin, soft fabric of each others pajamas. Really, that in itself was exquisite enough to occupy them both for quite some time as soft hands caressed the smooth skin of each others backs while their kiss gained speed slowly, but with a persistence that was equal parts familiar, comforting and erotic.

It wasn't until Macy's hands found their way down the back of Ashlee's boxers that things started to get a little more passionate, but even then everything progressed with slowness. Even when Macy's small, soft hands began to gently knead the flesh of Ashlee's buttocks while at the same pulling her closer and sliding her thigh between Ashlee's legs in an obvious invitation to grind her pussy against the soft material of Macy's pajamas Ashlee knew better than to do so. 

Not that it was a trap or a trick or anything silly like that, but because she knew that if she did she'd lose it right then and there and Ashlee didn't want that. Sure, she was tired and so was Macy, but the knowledge that there were no parents to interrupt them now brought about in Ashlee a seemingly natural inclination to try and draw out the whole experience from beginning to end even if it meant they'd both lose valuable sleep in the process. Even though her body screamed for her to take up Macy's offer of sweet, satisfying release so early on Ashlee forced herself to hold back and instead allowed her own hands to drift past the waist band in the rear of Macy's pajama's to return the soft caress and teasing exploration the forbidden crevasse that laid between those cute, little butt cheeks while teasingly biting her lover's lip.

"You're such a bitch," Macy said after the bite, but despite her name calling Ashlee knew she was only playing. Even without that cute, girlish grin that crossed Macy's lips as she spoke Ashlee would've known. 

Still, that didn't stop her from returning the playful insult in kind as she said "I'm not the bitch. You're the bitch. What do you think you're doing trying to make me fuck your thigh? You know I like saving that for latter. Besides, maybe I just wanna make out tonight. Ever think of that?"

"No," Macy said with a hint of playful sarcasm as she once again pulled Ashlee tightly to her by kneading and grabbing her tight bottom before kissing her lips briefly then continuing by adding "I never thought of that. Besides, don't you ever think of my needs? Maybe I wanna come right now, hmmm? Did you think of that?"

"Oddly enough I did," Ashlee said enjoying the teasing, playful banter almost as much as she was enjoying the way Macy was squirming under her touch as she began to use her fingernails to lightly scratch Macy's back, "but I kinda decided I'd rather be a little selfish tonight and if you gotta problem with that you can..."

Suddenly Ashlee found herself being silenced by her lover's lips once again crashing against her own as one of those hands that had been caressing her butt found it's way quickly to the back of her head and pulled her back to Macy's lips. It was a quick kiss, but it was easily the most passionate kiss of the evening so far and Ashlee knew what that meant even before it broke and Macy, looking just a bit too proud of herself, stared into her eyes and said "So... you're saying that if I did this," and she paused and Ashlee found herself sighing in both pleasure and surprise as she felt Macy's hand slide swiftly and easily from her butt to the front of her boxers and just as swiftly and easily slide it's way down until one of her fingers teasingly slid its way between Ashlee's lips before Macy continued saying "That you'd stop me?"

"Mmm, not necessarily," Ashlee said in a quiet shaky whisper as Macy's lips found their way to her neck while her finger continued to tease Ashlee with it's playfulness as Macy touched her just enough for Ashlee to feel it, but not enough to do anything else. At least, not for the moment. Really, she was almost just cupping Ashlee's pussy while rubbing her with maddeningly little force continuing to place light kisses that were now heading upward to Ashlee's ear.

"But you just said you wanted to wait. Were you lying? Hmmm, do you want me do this...," and again Macy upped the ante by changing her soft caresses to something more adamant, more forceful as she let a finger slip between Ashlee's already wet, puffy lips to tease the inner lips more directly and even to ever so briefly caress her clit before continuing her verbal teasing by saying "Or should I stop? I mean if you want me to I will. I'm not cruel after all. If you don't want me to do this..." and now her finger began to slip easily into Ashlee's depths, but only just as she nibbled gently on Ashlee's earlobe before adding as she continued to call Ashlee's bluff "I'll gladly stop."
