 "Sorry I'm late," I said, out of breath, "I got held up in traffic and the parking is horrendous at this time."

"I'd given up on you," said Geeta, "you're my last client. Everyone's gone home, and I was about to shut the salon."

"It's OK, though ... isn't it?"

"Of course it is ... let's see what you're in for," she said, fingering through the appointments book. "Oh, full legs ... and a Brazilian ... we'd better get on with it."

She took me into the treatment room and told me to lie on the couch, while pulling on a pair of latex gloves and stirring the molten wax in the pot on the side table. Reedy mood music played from the speaker in one corner, punctuated with tinkling bells and strange violin sounds -- like oriental muzak.

"Not seen you for a while," she said, flashing her wide eyes at me before pasting my leg with wax.

"I'm so busy at the moment ... with my summer job and preparing for university ... and my social life is so-o hectic," I said, staring up at the brightness of fluorescent light over me.

"A beautiful girl like you, Ashleigh ... I bet the boys won't leave you alone."

"They all want to get their hands on me."

"Who wouldn't want to get hold of a girlie like you ... with your figure and looks?"

I liked Geeta. She was tiny compared to me with pencil thin arms. Her hands were small, but strong from years of massaging and pampering clients. I loved the golden brown colour of her skin -- something that would take me a fortnight in the Mediterranean sun to develop.

She always asked lots of questions, suggestive questions, probing into my affairs, as though she wanted to know everything about me. It didn't bother me. There was nothing to be ashamed of in my private life. Over the time I visited her, I'd told her lots about my relationships -- even filling in some of the details.

I winced as she worked away on my legs. Her professional pace told me she wanted to get the job done and go home. Our beauty parlour talk continued: about my social life; about leaving school; about the boys I'd meet studying law at university; about my summer job in my Dad's estate agent office; about trivia -- never finishing one topic before moving to the next. 

"You've never had a Brazilian before," Geeta said, as she finished off smoothing down my legs with lotion. Her soft brown eyes looked into mine, full of questions.

"I've been shaving myself ... but find it awkward."

"It hurts, you know."

"It'll be worth it."

"There's two ways of doing this ... you put on paper knickers and I work around them ... or the full on way.

"I'm not shy ... I'll take off my knickers and you can just go for it."

"You got a hot date then?"

"You're always very inquisitive, Geeta."

"I'll take that as a yes."

"You must think I put myself around a bit."

"That's what I did at your age."

The wax hit the area inside my bikini line and made me shiver, which surprised me because it was warm. Within seconds, she was zipping away at my bush and, after each pull, rubbing her fingers into the cleaned off area. I tried to listen to the music to ease the pain. 

"It's good that you've been shaving ... the hairs aren't too long. So what's it to be? Do you want me to leave a landing strip ... or do you want everything off?"

"I want every hair gone."

She started again at the top and I felt more wax slopping over my mound and running down slightly. It was smoothed over and whipped away in a trice. The pain made me jump as every hair was taken with it.

"How did you learn to do a Brazilian?"

"A friend and I paired off at college and we did it on each other."

"That must have been embarrassing."

"It was one of the most erotic things I've ever done ... it made us so horny ... we were almost ravishing each other on the bus home."

"I thought you were married."

"I am ... but I've had my moments," Geeta said, her eyes filling with mischief, letting me in on one of her secrets.

"I think being married would be too restrictive for me," I said, "I like my freedom too much."

"I had the full Indian wedding ... but the deal was that I could still have my girlies." 

The pain of another strip of pubic hair being yanked out from the roots overwhelmed the significance of her reply. This time, tears welled up in my eyes. 

"Doesn't he mind?" I asked as the hurt diminished under the massage of her strong fingers.

"Certainly not ... his part of the deal was to get to share some of them." She laughed and raised a sculpted eyebrow at me.

I felt my eyes widening as I looked up at the fluorescent light above me and studied the dead flies caught inside the fitting -- possibly killed by the boredom of the repetitive music. My attention was diverted by the next application of wax being spread across me -- each one getting closer to my slit.

"I never realised you were so naughty, Geeta."

"I know a lot about women who have Brazilian waxes, Ashleigh."

"Like what?"

"Like a woman only has a Brazilian for a lover ... man or woman ... and expects to be rewarded for going through the agony."

"You must have seen some sights."

"I've had the lot ... young and old ... large and small ... wide open and tight shut ... no two the same."

"How does mine rate?" I asked, opening my legs slightly.

She stopped work and looked at me, turning her head from side to side. "Young and tight ... but now I need you to open your legs wider ... to let me get at the intimate bits."

The wax was spread alongside my vulva, then zip and I felt the draught as another area became exposed. I worried what the tears were doing to my mascara as she started work on the other side, all thoughts of the muzak gone from my mind.

"Now I have to go further down ... so you must open your legs wider ... and lift your knees."

"What do you think when you are looking into an open vagina?"

"I concentrate on my work."

"Oh yeh ... like you're ever the professional."

She went quiet and continued to work on me, but the expression on her face told me she was sorting out a reply in her mind. "It's the aroma that gets me," she said, stripping away another area, "and when I see the juice glistening ... and I know my girlie is becoming excited because of what I'm doing to her."

"You mean ... like I am right now?"

She didn't answer but leaned back to admire her handiwork, dabbing around my cunt with soothing lotion. "I've done as much as I can with the wax ... but there's a few hairs left ... further inside ... where I need to use tweezers."

"Every single hair has to go."

"I will have to open you up a bit ... and touch you ... you know ... intimately."

"Let me help," I said, reaching down and using my fingers to hold my cunt open. She didn't hesitate and pulled away at me in quick jerky actions. There was no time to think about Geeta's feelings -- the extraction of individual hairs was painful enough for me to worry about -- that and the effect my mascara.

"All done," she said, which was a relief as I couldn't take much more suffering. She dabbed on more of her soothing lotion. Even the music seemed to help.

"It feels great," I said, working my fingers in and around my smoothly lotioned cunt.

"Who's the lucky man, then?"

"It's not as simple as that."

Her eyes grew as wide as moons and instructed me to answer the question. "I'm at a complicated stage of my life."

"Is it a lucky girl?"

"Neither and both at the same time ... a man near my age ... another twice as old as me ... and a girl, who's been my best friend for years."

"Are they casual or steady?"

"The younger man I've loved all my life, but it will never work out ... the older one is my fuck buddy, who teaches me lots."

"What about your girlfriend?"

"We tell each other everything ... and get a bit carried away at times ... you know ... but we're not dykes ... happy bisexuals." 

"I knew you were right for me," Geeta said. 

I didn't understand what she meant until she asked me the killer question: "Would you like me to give you the tongue test?"

"Did I hear you say what I thought you said?" I asked, my mind in a whiz at the thought of her tongue testing me.

"You know exactly what I said ... and understand what it means."

She looked down on me, jaw jutted, the Devil in her wide eyes, false eyelashes fluttering, face shining through her immaculate makeup. The dark pink gloss on her lips reflected the light from the ceiling. Her nostrils flared. She stared at me, unashamed of the implications of her question -- a question, I now know, she'd used to great success long before she asked me.

"I can't think of a better way to find out if you've done a good job," I said, goose pimples starting to break out on my thighs.

She moved to the bottom of the couch and placed her hands on either side of my legs and leaned over me and stuck out the longest tongue I've ever seen and proceeded to lick my naked slit, from the bottom to the top. 

I opened my legs to give her better access. She removed her gloves and repeated the action, working her tongue into me, touching my clit as it emerged at the top.

My cunt's been licked by many people, but never in such an erotic way. Every nerve ending in my body tingled with the pleasure of an expert at work.

"Wow, Geeta ... I'd say you've done that before."

"All my girlies have been through my tongue test."

"Did I pass?"

"Of course you did ... I've wanted to do that from the moment I did your first leg wax."

"You're so professional ... I'd never have guessed."

"That's because I wouldn't dream of doing it ... not until I found out more about you ... and you booked for a Brazilian."

"I suppose it's on the basis that I've only endured the agony for sex," I said, beginning to understand this beautiful woman.

"That ... and everything else you've told me ... about your preferences."

"There's only one problem, Geeta."

"What's that?"

"You've stopped."

"I knew you were the right type to become one of my girlies."

"How many have you got?"

She didn't answer, just leaned over me again and licked up my cunt while I lifted my knees and opened my legs as far as I could. This time, she stopped at my clit and took it between her lips and sucked at it before biting it lightly and then rolling it between her lips and sucking it again. 

Nobody had ever before, or since, brought me to such a quick orgasm. I pushed her away and closed my eyes and let the waves of bliss drift through me. 

When I came back to my senses, she was stood at my side, white teeth gleaming through the wide smile on her face. She leaned down and kissed me full on the lips, our lipsticks spreading around as her tongue entered my mouth -- offering me the taste of my cunt.

Within seconds, I was clawing at the buttons on Geeta's uniform top, desperate to get my hands inside her clothes and caress her warm skin. It was soon thrown on the floor. She wore a silky, red camisole and no bra. It joined the tunic on the floor, followed by her trousers and knickers.

Her breasts were like those of a young teenager -- so small they didn't need support -- unlike a woman in her twenties. Mine hadn't been that size since I was thirteen, in the days when I rubbed cream into them every night, urging them to grow. To compensate, her nipples were enormous and dark brown and protruded inches from her honey bronze skin. 

"I like your tattoo," I said, touching the multicoloured picture on the top left of her hairless pubic region.

"It's Goddess Rati ... the Hindu goddess of passion ... inviting you to use my body for sexual pleasure," she said, pulling at the skin around it to show off the brightness of the naked goddess in her gold headdress.

"Is that why she's waving that sword over her head ... and sitting with her knees up and legs open ... showing her cunt?"

"It's my own design ... I have another at the bottom of my back," she said turning to show me. It seemed at home amongst the tinkling bells of the music.

"I love them."

"You don't have any tattoos?"

"I'm not ready to commit my body to something I might regret in future," I answered, pulling her over me and taking one of her large nipples into my mouth and sucking at it like a baby, before transferring my attention to the other.

"When women suck my nipples ... shafts of electricity speak to me through Rati," she said, reaching down and working a finger into my cunt.

"What are they saying?"

"They are saying that I must treat your body like a temple."

"Yeh, sure they are ... you fucking pervert."

She laughed, took her finger out of my cunt and sucked on it. "You are the best temple I've tasted today," she said, dark eyes shining with depravity.

I enjoy all sorts of sexual activity. Sometimes, I crave bouncing-off-the-wall sex -- hard and vigorous -- which I can feel for days afterwards. At other times, I want the opposite -- slow and sensual -- and this seemed to be Geeta's strength. The first time with her really did feel the best ever.

"I want to taste you, Geeta." 

My mouth watered as she climbed on the couch and placed her knees either side of my face and lowered her naked cunt over my mouth. I stuck my tongue deep inside the pink softness as she slowly descended on me. It tasted spicy and musky, with crushed chrysanthemum leaves and a hint of sweat and urine and garlic. I slurped at it, quenching my lust for a woman -- and wondered what Rati was telling her.

She disentangled herself from me. Rati and Geeta's wetness slid down me, and came to rest against my cunt. She looked at me intensely, and her eyes widened as her lips descended on mine to kiss me again, licking the taste of her twat from my tongue.

Then she twisted her tiny body around to rearrange us into soixante-neuf. I searched out her cunt with my tongue and licked it from the top to the bottom and back again, before taking her clit between my lips and sucking on it until I felt it grow. 

Meanwhile, she worked on me, her long tongue searching out my depths before lapping at me as enthusiastically as a cat let loose in a dairy.

There is something special about a woman licking and sucking your cunt. The feeling is different to a man, whose bristles rub around the sensitive tissue, which can be a turn on if you want hard and dirty sex. But if you want slow and sensual sex, there's nothing to match the softness of a woman's face and lips and tongue working in and around your cunt -- and Geeta was an expert.

I wanted to bring her to a climax, to reward her for doing it to me, but she seemed content working slowly on me. I felt some of her fingers impregnate me, so I gave her the same treatment. She withdrew one finger and massaged it beneath me and against my arsehole. I wanted to do the same to her but it felt so exquisite, I didn't quite get round to it before she worked it inside me.

Her fingers played around inside the base of my cunt and inside my arse, teasing the delicate tissue between them. I never realised just how sensitive those regions were until Geeta worked her magic on me, all the while sucking at my clit and licking the length of her tongue inside my cunt. I lay back and surrendered my body to her.

A wave of ecstasy started to build up from the area at the top of my cunt and through my clit and surged up into my abdomen. My head felt detached from my body as pulses of intense contractions shook through me. It thrashed from side to side as I threw Geeta from me, gasping for breath, searching for words to stop her, to tell her not to stop, to thank her.

"Now you are officially one of my girlies, Ashleigh," she said, kneeling up over me with her hands on either side of my head, the cones of her breasts noticeable as her nipples hovered over me. 

"It sounds intriguing, Geeta."

"It's a very select group of women ... all beautiful or attractive in a distinct way ... all bisexual ... and horny."

"Lesbians can get so possessive ... bisexuals get the best of both worlds."

"Then they go back to their men, Ashleigh ... and tell them about it ... and get well and truly fucked as a reward."

"I want to make you cum, Geeta."

"Then suck on this," she said, kneeling back over me and lowering her cunt within reach of my mouth.

I licked at it and savoured the taste. Then, I turned her until she was beneath me. I grabbed her ankles in each hand and opened her legs wide and sunk my tongue deep inside her. Her body relaxed beneath me as I licked around her labia and up inside her.  

Her clit grew between my lips as I sucked at it. I worked a couple of fingers inside her and sucked and sucked and sucked. The gravelly noises she made told me I was hitting the right spot. A few minutes later, she exhaled suddenly and the muscles of her twat contracted around my fingers as she reached orgasm.

"Wow ... that was great ... you really know how to treat a girl, Ashleigh."

I could tell she expected me to stop -- but I had another plan. This was the first opportunity to try out the trick taught me by my brother, Dylan. I withdrew my fingers and held her legs open and continued to suck her cunt.

"OK, Ashleigh ... you've made me cum ... that's as much as I can take."

I ignored her. I carried on sucking. Geeta shouted at me to stop. I kept going. She told me I was a fucking bitch and tried to throw me off. But I was bigger and heavier than her and fought her and carried on sucking her cunt. She writhed about beneath me. 

Her cunt firmly wedged in my mouth, I felt her body tense. She lifted her arse off the couch and gasped as I brought to a second climax.

"No more ... please," she pleaded.

I ignored her. Sweat ran down my face and onto her cunt and I could taste it as it mixed in with the spiciness of her natural juices. She swore at me and told me what a fucking pervert I was and tried to throw me off again -- but I held on -- still sucking her clit. She screamed and arched her body and twisted and turned in an attempt to shake me off. I kept working her cunt.

Her body tensed again and another orgasm blasted through her. She seemed empty and gave up trying to stop me and lay back and let me do whatever I wanted. I carried on sucking her cunt and started biting her clit. Another orgasm shuddered through her, and another. My jaw started to twinge and I thought about stopping.

She must have felt me wind down a bit. "Don't stop ... keep going," she begged, totally subservient to my attentions.

I continued and took her over the edge to another orgasm, and another -- until they came in rapid succession -- almost continuous. I lost track of my senses, hardly aware of where I was. I kept going, determined to give her an experience to remember. I kept going until my jaw ached and I could take no more.

I pulled my mouth from her cunt and rolled my head away and laid it on her bare mons, my head swimming with the aroma of musk and sweat, my lungs bursting as if I'd just finished a marathon.

It took us ages to get our breath back so we could speak.

"I've just put you on the top of my list of girlies, Ashleigh."

"It's one of my best plays." I lied. It was the first time I'd done it to anyone -- but knew it wouldn't be the last.

"I loved it ... once I got beyond the first orgasm ... you could have done anything to me."

"I love sex with women ... beautiful and sexy women ... just like you, Geeta."

"There's nothing I can teach you."

"I'm sure there is ... and I'm a very willing learner ... I want to do everything."

"Not now ... it is late ... and I will go home to my husband and tell him how a beautiful promiscuous woman seduced me ... I'll tell him every detail ... and he'll get so horny, he'll fuck the shit out of me."

"I thought I was weird, Geeta ... you're worse."

"And while he's fucking me ... I'll think of you naked at one of my girlie-only parties."
