 I saw her from across campus and was mesmerised. She had long dark curly hair, dark Latin toned skin and beautiful smoke grey eyes. Her name was Tina and she was into the Goth thing. Today she was wearing a short black velvet dress with bell sleeves and a lace up bodice. The way she walked made the dress swish seductively around her fishnet clad thighs. My graze travelled up from her thick-soled thigh high platform combats. My eyes explored the dress, taking in her petite waist up to her big round firm breasts. I couldn't wait to get to class and sit next to her.

On the way to class I stopped by the vending machine, grabbed a Pepsi, a honey bun, and a pack of Reese cups, I wrapped a note around the Reese cups and ran to class hoping to get there before Tina. While munching on my honey bun and digging for my homework, I heard a voice above my head.

"Awww. They left me Reese cups!" I slowly looked up and encountered fishnet and black lace panties, finding my homework and trying to keep my thoughts from running away with me.

"Who left you Resse cups?" I asked as I came up. Tina looked over at me and smiled.

"Oh hey, Ash. My secret admirer left me Reese cups." Her grey eyes sparkled.

"That's sweet. Any idea who?" I asked.

"Dunno, but I wish I knew who they are." Tina looked thoughtful, as she turned to me

"Do you think it could be a guy or a girl?" She asked

"I don't know, Tina. It could be a girl if she knew that Reese cups are your favourite, or it could be a guy who just hopes you like them. I'm willing to bet it's someone in this class" I hinted.

"Hmmm" she said and turned her attention to our professor as he began today's lesson.

After class I walked to my apartment and cleaned it. I made sure I had a bottle of champagne in the fridge and arranged a dozen roses and put them in a vase, next I scattered single roses in bud vases around the place. I kept one rose, tied a ribbon and a note with a sprig of baby's breath around it. I walked back over to school, spotting Tina on her way to her next class, and hurriedly ran in and dropped it on her desk. On my way out, I ran into her briefly.

"Hey, Ash, I thought you were done for the day" She said.

"Yeah well I forgot my notebook." I said as I waved it around to be amusing.

Tina laughed and said "Well, have fun and I'll see you tomorrow"

Smiling I said "Yep. C-ya" 

Around 5:30 I decided to get ready. I pulled on a black silk dress, with a black sheer overdress. I pulled on some black thigh high stockings with a black garter belt and black lace panties. I decided to not wear a bra, and hoped it wouldn't be too obvious. I pulled my dark red hair into a bun, and applied perfume to my neck, wrists, and sprayed a little in my hair. I had decided to go with "Goth but sexy" looking makeup, Blood red lips, black and grey eyeshadow and just a hint of blush. I pulled on my heels just as the doorbell rang. 

"Coming!" I yelled and ran to open the door. I stood there, breathless as a goddess stood before me. She wore a black skirt, fishnet stockings, platform boots, a tube top with a black sheer overshirt, and over it all she wore a leather trench coat. I nearly came on the spot. I stood there staring until she finally spoke.

"Ash? You're my secret admirer?" 

I numbly nodded "Yes" I said, "Are you disappointed?"

"No" she said, "Just surprised."

She sat down on my couch and said,

"When I got the rose with this address on it I thought to myself, ' doesn't Ash live down this way?' I didn't actually think that it was you, but I'm glad"

I was pouring champagne as she said this. "Really?" I asked, as I handed her a glass.

She sipped delicately and said, "Yeah, I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen" 

I blushed slightly and said "But, Tina, you're the beautiful one."

She leaned over and kissed me lightly, "Not as beautiful as you" she whispered softly against my lips as she ran a hand down my side and started to gently nibble my lips. I melted against her, and pulled her closer yearning to taste those sweet blood red lips. I slipped my tongue past her lips and gently stroked hers, while sliding my hand up her overshirt, into her tube top and finally cupping her breast. I ran my thumb around her nipple enjoying it as it grew harder under my touch. 

Tina's hands were slowly inching up my dress and caressing my thighs. I could feel myself getting wetter, and I wanted to touch her. I moved my other hand up her skirt and caressed her smooth thighs, I kept sliding my hand up and instead of finding her usual lace panties, I found a very hot and wet pussy. I rubbed a finger around her slit for a minute to lube it a little and slowly pushed it in; Tina arched under my touch and moaned softly into my mouth. As our tongues danced, my thumb on her nipple and the finger in her dripping cunt moved together in a slow rhythm. Tina started to shudder and began to stroke her clit with my thumb. She broke away from our long kiss and huskily said "Ash, I want to see you naked" 

I licked her lips and said "Only if I can see you" She smiled at me and nodded. We stood up and began removing each other's clothes. As I pulled Tina's tube top up I saw her nipples standing beautifully pink against the dark of her skin, I leaned down and began to lightly lick Tina's nipples. Her hand pulled my head closer as I sucked her nipple into my mouth sucking and nibbling while my other hand caressed and stroked her other breast. Her free hand wandered to the waistband of my garter belt, she slowly rubbed my aching pussy with her hand through my panties. Groaning slightly, I pulled down her skirt and began to finger her while I licked her nipple. I pulled my finger out of her and licked it, savouring her sweet musky taste. She groaned in protest, and I looked into her beautiful grey eyes and said " Don't worry baby, there's more where that came from."

I took her hand and led her into my room, laid her on the bed and began to kiss her all the way down her body. As I got closer to her pussy her scent became over powering and I had to struggle to keep from diving into her sparse muff. My hands and fingers were dancing over her as my lips and tongue assaulted her thighs. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and slowly began to inch up to her waiting pussy. I slowly licked up and down her slit as she moaned above me, I pushed my tongue into her and darted it in and out and around. My breath misted around her clit, making it harder and it stuck out, begging to be touched. I inserted a finger and pushed in as much as I could while licking her clit. Tina's hips began to buck and I could tell she was nearing orgasm, her hand pulled my head harder into her amazingly sweet pussy I slid in another finger and began to stroke her g-spot while my other finger wiggled around a bit. I licked her clit harder and faster and faster as her moans became louder 

"Ohhhhhhhh god Ash, that feels so fucking good. ASH! Fuck me I'm gonna cum!" My fingers pounded her beautiful cunt as I sucked her clit into my mouth and licked it gently. I slowed my licks down as my fingers continued to pound Tina's pussy. Each lick sent Tina over the edge without bringing her to orgasm and every slow lick made her fuck my face even more. I couldn't stand it any more as I started to lick and suck her clit harder and faster. I felt her muscles tense around my fingers and her pussy began to ride my face harder and faster as she screamed.

"Jesus bloody fucking Christ! ASH! Fuck me Ash!"

My fingers pounded harder as my tongue turned into a tornado, her hips bucked and she moaned

"Oh god Ash YES! I'm cummmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnggggggggg" She exploded into my mouth, and as my tongue licked up her juices she had small aftershock orgasms as well. When she calmed down I sat up and began to kiss up her body and finally kissed her deeply, her tongue sucked her cum off of mine. This kiss aroused me like nothing ever had, and Tina could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter against her. She rolled me over and began to kiss and lick and bite my neck. She licked her way down to my breasts; she licked my nipples one at a time. Then she sucked my left nipple into her mouth and began to nibble and lick it, her hand was squeezing my right breast gently, and her thumb stroking as my nipple grew rock hard under her touch. Her other hand gently pulled down my panties and began to rub my pussy. I moaned softly as she inserted a finger and slowly began to fuck me. 

Her thumb rubbed my clit as she slowly kissed down my body, her finger slowly pumping in and out. She began to bite my thighs hard enough to bruise and this nearly sent me over the edge. She licked her way up my thighs and gave my pussy little teasing licks. She began to slowly lick my slit, and as she pushed her tongue in she began to rub my clit with her finger, still wet with my juices. I began to moan as she flicked her tongue in me her finger rubbing a little faster and harder as my hips slowly began to fuck her face. She slid her tongue out replacing it with two fingers and she started to fuck me gently then harder as her tongue began to roll around my clit. My hips began to buck as I felt and orgasm building, Tina began to fuck me harder and she sucked my clit into her mouth licking it faster and faster setting a rhythm with her fingers. I began to moan and scream

"Tina, fuck me harder and faster. Ohhhhhhhhh god Tina! YES! Tina I'm gonna cum soon"

Tina began to lick my clit faster and her fingers began to pound into me harder. I grabbed her head and pulled her closer, my hips riding her face. My clit began to tingle and become numb as I screamed "ohhhhhhhhhh Tina, that's so good. Ahhhhh!!!!!!" A burst of pleasure ran through me and I began to ride Tina's face faster as I exploded all over her face, whimpering and incoherent as I came. 

Tina kissed me lightly on the cheek, as I drifted in and out of reality. She wrapped her arm around my waist and fell asleep next to me.

When I woke up the next morning, I felt a hand on my breast. I looked over to see Tina, beautifully nude in the sunlight; I ran a hand over her arm. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled.

"Morning." I said. Tina stretched and yawned. 

"Morning" she replied as she kissed my lips softly, her grey eyes shining.

"Sleep well?" I asked with a grin on my face

"Never better" she said and laughed. She hugged me and asked if she could take a shower, after I showed her where the bathroom was I went to make some coffee and something for breakfast. Tina was singing softly in the shower as I poured two cups of coffee and served up some pancakes and bacon. 

"Tina!" I yelled, "breakfast is ready" 

"I'll be there in a sec!" she called back.

While I was waiting, I brushed my hair and pulled on my dark blue silk robe. Tina stepped out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel. We both looked at each other and became instantly aroused knowing that the other was naked and beautiful. I giggled slightly and said, "Breakfast is getting cold." 

Tina looked at me and said "After breakfast then" and licked my lips. We ate our breakfasts as quickly as we could, and Tina pulled me into my bedroom and began to kiss me. I returned her kiss, my tongue caressing hers while our hands caressed our bodies. I pulled off Tina's towel and began to rub her nipples with my thumbs, she moaned softly in my mouth and untied my robe. Tina's hands slid up and down my body, as she touched me I felt my pussy begin to moisten. My hands left her breasts and began to slide along her sides. When my hand found her pussy, it was dripping and aching to be touched. I laid Tina on the bed and began to kiss her down her body.

She began to writhe in pleasure. I stuck my hand under the bed, feeling for a small box, when I found it I began to lick Tina's clit. As I slowly rolled my tongue around her hard button, her hand pulled my head closer to her hot cunt. I licked her slit up and down as I turned on the vibrator and slid it into Tina. She moaned as I slowly fucked her and licked her. I reached my free hand down and began to slowly play with my own hard and aching clit. As I built up my orgasm and Tina's I began to fuck her with the dildo harder and licked her clit faster. Her hips began to buck, and as she rode my face she screamed that I should fuck her harder and faster. I sucked her clit into my mouth gently nibbling and licking, while I set a rhythm with the dildo. As I fucked her she began to moan and scream incoherently, I licked her clit harder and faster as I pumped the vibrator in and out and fingered myself. Her hips bucked uncontrollably and she screamed "Ash, I'm gonna cum! Fuck me Ash, harder!" I fucked Tina harder and when she began to shudder and shake she moaned "Oh god Ash!!!! I'm gonna cum lick it up!!" I pulled out the vibrator, and decided to pump my own pussy with it still covered in Tina's honey. As I stuck my tongue in Tina's slit, her hips stopped their bucking, and I tongue fucked Tina hard. She began to moan incoherently again, I felt her muscles close around my tongue and as she exploded all over my face, I began to fuck myself harder. As I licked up all of Tina's cum, I was shaken with my own orgasm. I came so hard that my tongue collided with Tina's clit and made her cum again.

About an hour and a half later Tina woke up. 

"Huh? What happened?" She asked

I smiled at her and said "Well you had such a huge orgasm that you passed out."

She blushed and quickly apologised. I told her that she had no reason to apologise and suggested we watch some TV. After about an hour into a movie, Tina looked over at me. 

"I brought a video, why don't we watch it?" She said

I looked back at her and nodded. She popped a tape into the VCR as the music began to play, I knew it was porn. The opening scene was a beautiful woman hitch hiking, and she was picked up by a man and a woman. They drove around for a few minutes and then pulled into a motel and got a room. Both women began to kiss as the man undressed them, caressing their breasts and asses. The man suggested they 69 while he watched. The women smiled and assumed the position. They began to slowly lick each other's slits and clits and the licked faster and fingered each other, while the man pulled his dick out and began to slowly jerk off. 

The blond on top saw him and motioned him to come closer. He scooted his chair across to the bed, with her free hand she started to give him a handjob. He told the women to stop. The woman giving him the handjob stopped and then she straddled him and lowered herself onto his dick. He began to moan slightly, and the woman on the bed began to finger herself. She went to them and as the other one was fucking him, she kissed the woman's nipples. This made the woman ride him faster and he began to tell her to fuck him harder and he was calling them both sluts and bitches. She started to fuck him harder and faster as he said he was going to cum soon and he wanted the other one to suck him off. The woman riding him climbed off, and the other woman licked his dick up and down and then she began to deep throat him. He was sighing and groaning. 

The other woman started licking her pussy from behind and she pulled a small vibrator out of her purse and slowly fucked herself with it. As the other woman began to suck his dick faster the other one licked her clit and pumped herself harder and faster until he began to fuck the other ones mouth so hard it looked like it would be impaled. All three of them began to moan and pant as he said "I'm gonna cum!" As he came, semen dribbled out of her mouth and she began to lick it up and both women started to shake with their own orgasms. As they came, the lights dimmed and another scene began. 

I look over at Tina, not surprised to see that we are both masturbating. I laid Tina on the couch and suggested that we 69. Her eyes lit up and she nodded enthusiastically. Tina climbed on top of me and we began to lick each other's slits and she rolled her tongue around my clit. I sucked her clit and slid a finger in her; she moved her ass back and forth so that she was fucking my finger. I licked her clit faster and stuck another finger in and began to fuck her harder. She attacked my clit and began to finger me as well. Soon our moans matched the lesbians on the porn. 

Tina fucked me as I fucked her and licked my clit faster. I sucked on her clit and felt her shake and shudder. Before either of us really knew, she came hard on my face and fingers. I licked her insides clean and began to cum all over Tina. She licked up my cum, and then spread my legs. She spread her own and lowered her pussy on to mine. We began to grind our pussies together, slowly at first but as we felt our orgasms building she rode my pussy hard and fast. Our moans out did the ones on the movie and as the women on the porn screamed out their orgasms, Tina rode me harder and shuddered as an orgasm ripped through her. Feeling her cum all over my pussy was enough to send me over the edge. We came together once more, and collapsed on the couch, sleeping holding each other. 

End