 OK, maybe I was a little naive. Here I was 18 and had never masturbated. I had had sex with a few guys, but just never did that to myself. My family was very verbal about their disapproval of it. So, I just never did it. I would hear the girls talking about it in school. I would just smile and nod along, like I knew it all. I never told any of my friends, not until Ashley.

She was a little younger than me and had just transferred from an all girl catholic school. Her parents had split up and she had moved with her dad and older brother here. I thought she was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever seen. Her hair was a soft chocolate brown, which she wore in a long braid. She had large pale blue eyes that looked like they had already seen the world and all it had to offer. Her lips were her best facial feature. They were well formed, with a deep dip on top, and pouty. She looked like a little girl who hadn't gotten her way. When I first met her, I wanted so badly just to see what those lips felt like. I'm not a lesbian or anything. I just like how girls are all soft and sweet. They're nice to make out with.

She and I hit it off right away. We had all the same classes, so we talked a lot. Her second weekend in town, I invited her to stay the night. She agreed to be at my house at seven on Friday.

At exactly seven she rang the doorbell. When I answered the door, I had a hard time not letting my jaw drop. She was wearing a tight low cut the same color as her eyes. Her 34B breasts peaked out above the collar. The skirt she was wearing was one of those short white tennis skirts. It showed off her long slim legs and high round ass very nicely. She smiled at me, showing off her perfectly white, perfectly straight teeth, and walked right in.

"So, I'm here. Where should I put my stuff?" She asked raising her leather duffle bag in the air. I could barely think. She was so sexy. I was having thoughts I'd never had before, thoughts of more than just kissing her. I pulled myself together and led her to my room.

"Nice room," she said as she looked around. She threw her bag on my pink bedspread and sat down beside it. Her legs parted a bit, giving me a view of her white cotton panties. I could feel myself getting excited. What was going on? I am not a lesbian, I thought. Yet I was having some definitely lesbian thoughts.

"Um, thanks. Uh, my parents are going out tonight. So it's just us in the house. Unless my brother doesn't have a date. Then he'll be here too." I was really hoping my brother would go out so I would have a chance to be alone with her. I wanted to act on my newfound ideas.

We went downstairs and had some sandwiches and soda. She told me about her old town, her old boyfriends, and what she was planning on doing after high school. I tried to listen, but thoughts of her kissing me with those full lips and me touching her white panties, kept running through my head. My pussy was getting so wet. I had no idea what was going on in my head, but I kind of liked it.

Around nine my parents left saying they'd be home around three. My brother Jeff left about an hour later. Finally, Ashley and I were all alone. I was getting nervous. If she knew the thoughts running through my head, she'd probably leave. I had to play it cool. 

We went back up to my room and turned on my TV. She started flipping channels with the remote. She stopped on some soft porn movie on one of the pay channels. The screen was filled with three lesbians kissing each other. One of the girls was a blonde with huge, but fake, tits. The other two were brunettes, with equally huge and fake tits.

"Oh my God. These movies are so funny! They are mega cheesy and the acting sucks. Oh, but look at their breasts. I think I'm gonna get some of those before college. I hate my little tits. What do you think of 'em?" She asked as she pulled her shirt over her head. She sat on my bed next to me in her lacy white bra.

"I think your tits are nice. Clothes look so much better on bodies like yours. Thin and not too big. I would trade you bodies in a heartbeat," I told her as I gazed at her nice firm tits. They weren't too small. I thought they were perfect.

"Deal! I would kill to have your body. Your tits are huge! God, and your hips and thighs are so curvy. You look like one of those pin up girls from the fifties. Hey, take off your shirt so I can really see how big your tits are." I was astonished. Was she maybe thinking what I was thinking? I pulled off my T-shirt, exposing my 36DDs. My tits were straining the light pink fabric, and my nipples were getting so hard. I could feel my matching panties starting to get moist.

"Yeah, see? Yours are much better than mine." She started to put her shirt back on. I was crushed. She must NOT be thinking what I am, I thought.

She lay back on the bed and we continued to watch the movie. From what I could get it was all about these three bi-sexual friends who liked to go out and seduce men in a game sort of way. It was making me real hot.

I turned to ask her if she was enjoying the move. I noticed that she had her hand under her skirt and in her panties. She was moving it around. Her legs were spread slightly and I could hear her breathing heavily.

"What are you doing?" I asked, shocked that she was doing this in front of me, but turned on too. She looked at me as if I had just asked her what planet we were on.

"Duh? Masturbating. The movie is turning me on. You act as if you've never done this." She must have been able to tell by the look on my face that I hadn't. She started laughing.

"How can you get to be 18, and never masturbate? You don't know what you're missing." I couldn't look at her. I was so embarrassed. Tears were welling in my eyes. I wanted to die.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you're feelings. I just can't believe you've never done it. I could show ya how, if ya wanted." With that I nodded mutely, and she took my hand in hers and squeezed.

"Here I'll show you on me first then I'll do it to you. Just lay back with me and relax."

We lay back, and she pulled her panties off. I could smell the musky aroma of her already turned on pussy. She took my hand and placed it on her soft hairless mound. Slowly she began to rub herself in a circular motion with my hand. She started to softly moan and move her hips with my hand. I was getting real wet feeling her swollen pussy lips beneath my fingers. She spread her legs and guided my middle finger into her wet slit. I started to get the hang of it and was moving my finger deep into her wet satiny cunt.

"Mmmmmm, that feels good. Now take your pants and panties off and I'll do you too." I removed my hand reluctantly from her pussy and pulled both down at the same time. We positioned our selves on our sides, facing each other with our top legs bent to allow better access. She put my hand back on her pussy and I started rubbing and finger-fucking her again. Then she put her hand on my pussy. The blonde hairs were sticky with my pussy juices already. She started to move like she had on herself, in a circular motion. It felt amazing. I wished I had found out about this sooner.

I started moaning along with her. Our hips were grinding against each other's hands. Then she slipped a finger into my tight slit. I moaned louder and started to buck my hips harder. She could tell I was close to cumming, so she slipped two more fingers into my pussy and started rubbing my clit faster. I slipped another finger into her hole and started to rub her faster too. When I felt her pussy start to clench my fingers, I went faster. I started to cum too. Pussy juices were running down our hands as we collapsed, satisfied, into each other's arms.

"Wow," was all I could manage to say. She brought her wet hand up to her mouth and started to lick her fingers clean. I had never seen anything like that outside of the pornos my brother watched. She moved my hand up to my mouth so I could follow suite. I licked a little at first, nervous that I wouldn't like the taste. It was a little salty, and a little sweet. I loved it. I liked my fingers greedily; wishing there was more.

"So, Megan, did you like that?" she asked with her fingers still near her mouth. I nodded.

"You know there's more stuff I could teach you about being with a woman, if you wanted."

"I'd love that. Um, can I ask you a question Ashley?" She nodded, still breathing heavy.

"Are you a, um, lesbo?" I felt nervous about asking. I didn't consider myself one. Even though we had just done all this. I wanted to do more too.

"Not really. I like girls and all for, like, making out and messing around, but I could never give up cock." After she said those words, she leaned over to me and kissed me softly, with just the slightest bit of tongue. It was the best kiss I had ever had.

As she leaned back over, I said, "Yeah, that's how I feel too. So, when do you want to show me the other stuff?"

She smiled a sweet smile, snuggled up next to my breasts, and said, "How 'bout next weekend you stay at my house. I have some toys and stuff I think you would like." I agreed and we fell asleep curled up in each other's arms.