 "You sure have been hanging out with Ash a lot. I'm guessing you guys straightened out whatever issues you guys were having." Brad says. I can't help but giggle a little because we were doing quite the opposite of getting things straight. 

"Yeah she has been helping me out with some of my homework." I say.

"Well I think it's great you guys are becoming closer." he says. I give him a smile. "I have to go to practice so I'll see you later." He gets up and gives me a kiss on my forehead.

"When do you think you'll be home?" I ask.

"Probably around 7:30." he answers.

"Ok cool. Maybe we could all grab some dinner when you get home." 

"Sounds good. See you later babe." he says.

"Bye." I reply.

The second the door closes I feel someone come up behind me and cover my eyes. I try to get up and turn around but Ashley leans down and whispers in my ear, "No you stay right there." I smile and she keeps my eyes covered. She kisses my neck and bites at my earlobe. "You're still with Brad so I think you need to be punished." she whispers. Arousal and a tinge of fear floods my body.

Ashley removes her hands from over my eyes and walks around the couch so that she is standing in front of me. She leans down and places a firm kiss on my lips. "I'm glad you are wearing a skirt, it gives me easy access." she growls. It's amazing how wet she can make me just with her words. She pushes my skirt up above my hips and yanks off my blue thong, tossing it aside. She isn't wasting any time.

"I thought you were supposed to be punishing me?" I say raising an eyebrow at her.

"Are you questioning me?" she says while picking my panties up off the floor. I shake my head, trying to hide the smile spreading across my face. "Open your mouth." she says. I do as I'm told. "Wider." I open my mouth as wide as I can. She starts to shove my panties in mouth, "this is what you get for talking back." she says. She stuffs the panties all the way in my mouth and puts her hand over my mouth. She starts to lightly rub my clit. The touch is so light I push my hips against her fingers trying to get more friction. 

"Oh you want more???" she asks even though she knows I can't talk, but she can see in my eyes I'm dying for more. Suddenly she slips her middle finger into me and starts thrusting hard. I scream out but the panties muffle the sound. "Is this what you wanted Mia?" she asks me. I nod my head. She removes her hand that was covering my mouth. "I want to hear you moan and scream", she says and takes the thong out of my mouth. She slides her index finger inside of me and starts going to work on my g-spot. With each thrust I feel the pressure building and building. Ashley senses me getting closer and closer and right when I'm about to come she pulls her fingers out of me. I look at her with shock and disappointment. She simply laughs.

"I told you I was going to punish you." she says. I groan as she slips a finger back inside my aching pussy. She slides in and out excruciatingly slow.

"Ash, baby please." I beg. She has a completely innocent look on her face, but she isn't fooling me. She takes her index finger out then thrusts three fingers inside me. "Shit! Yes fuck me, fuck me hard." I moan and she does exactly that. I feel my orgasm building and again Ashley stops and withdraws her fingers. I pout at her, my clit is so swollen and my pussy begs for some release.

Ashley gets on her knees and pulls me towards the end of the couch. She sticks her tongue out and tastes me. "Mmm so good." Ashley says into my pussy. I moan in frustration. Then she starts to attack my clit, licking it up and down and sucking it into her mouth and continuing to run her tongue across my clit. My hips buck and roll against her mouth. Just a couple more seconds and I will explode in her mouth, but once again Ashley stops and pulls away. I don't think I can take being denied one more time. 

"Turn around." she says. I get up on my knees and face the back of the couch. "Stick your ass up and hang it over the edge of the couch." she says. I do as I am instructed. She kisses my right ass cheek twice then gives it a lick. "Good girl." she praises me then slaps my ass HARD. I cry out. "Aww can you not take it?" she asks me, then slaps me again in the same spot. I grit my teeth and try to suppress my cries. She kisses the red mark that has appeared on my ass, and gives me one final slap this time lighter than the previous ones. 

She kisses up my back and grabs my throat squeezing lightly. "You want to come so badly, don't you? she asks while pinching and rubbing my clit. 

"Yes, you know I do." I moan while she starts to rub my clit harder and faster. "Err fuck!" I say thinking she is finally going to let me come. She stops within milliseconds of me finding my release.

"Close call there." she says while laughing. I have so much sexual frustration built up I seriously think my body will explode. She has me sit towards the end of the couch while she strips all her clothes off. She sits at the opposite end of the couch and spreads her legs showing of her delicious pussy. She licks her fingers and trails them down her body. She starts slowly rubbing her clit. Ashley looks me dead in the eye while she touches herself. Her other hand starts pinching her nipple while she continues rubbing her clit in circles. I'm so turned on from my lack of orgasm and the show she is putting on that I start to rub my clit.

She slaps my hand, "you can look but no touching." She was dead serious about punishing me. She rubs her clit faster and her head falls back as her moans take over. She fucks herself with her other hand. I see her legs tense up and I know she is close. She manages to say, "look at me babe, watch me come." I stare at her as she convulses and cum leaks down her fingers and onto the couch. She takes her fingers out and places them near my face. I grab her fingers and lick them clean. 

"I love the way you taste." I say. 

"That makes me happy to hear." she smiles at me. "Now I think it is your turn. Ride my face and make yourself come." She lays down on the couch and my pussy is in her face before her head even hits the cushion. I smother her with my pussy and she sticks her tongue out. I'm so aroused I waste no time grinding hard against her warm, wet, soft tongue. It's a matter of seconds before I hit the peak. I cum hard on her face and she tries to lap up all my juice. I collapse on her exhausted and so happy to finally be relieved of my sexual frustration. I kiss her and lick the cum off of her face. She kisses me long and deep and holds me to her. 

The door unlocks and Brad walks in, "hey girls how is the homework going?"

"It was really difficult at first but Ashley helped me through it." I reply. I glance at Ashley and can see her hiding a big smile. 

"That's great. So what would you like to eat?" Brad asks us.

"I think Ashley is pretty full from the snack she had earlier." I say daringly staring right at Ashley.

"She's right, I did eat quite a bit not too long ago, but I think I can make room for some more." she says in a flirtatious tone which I hope Brad doesn't pick up on. 

"Excellent! How about we walk to the taqueria down the street?" Brad asks.

"Sounds great." Ashley and I say in unison.