 Holy shit, shit, shit, I keep repeating in my head. I can't believe I just let that slip out. That definitely wasn't part of the plan. It seems like hours have passed by and Ashley is staring down at me, she hasn't even blinked. In my head I am begging her to say something. Finally she unfreezes and rolls off of me. I instantly feel cold and I don't know if it's because of the rejection or the lack of her body warmth. 

I don't know if I should say something or not, if I should reach out and touch her or keep my hands to myself. Before I can decide I hear a muffled noise. I muster up the courage to look over at Ashley. She is face down with her head buried in a pillow. 

"Did you say something?" I ask her in a soft whisper. 

She pushes herself up onto her elbows; her hair hangs down covering her face. "I'm scared." she whispers back. I gently move the hair out of her face and kiss her forehead. 

"I'm scared too baby." I tell her "I didn't mean to throw that at you so unexpectedly, but I've loved you for awhile now." Her body looks so tense. I stroke her cheek with my thumb and it looks like she is starting to relax a little. She snuggles up against me and lays her head on my chest. It feels so good to feel her warmth again and her breath on my skin. 

"I love you too", my heart jumps, "and that's why I am so scared. I don't want to get hurt and I don't want to hurt you." she says. 

"I can't make any promises but I can tell you I care about you so much and I would never want to hurt you, I want you to be mine and I want to be yours until you no longer want me." I say. 

"I can't imagine not ever wanting you." she says. She leans forward and gives me a gentle caring kiss on my lips. My previous fears and anxiety start to fade away. 

"I guess this officially makes you my girlfriend." I say with a big smile on my face. 

"You are such a dork." she says climbing back on top of me. 

"I'm your dork." I say sticking my tongue out at her. She smiles and rolls her eyes playfully at me. I grab her arms and quickly roll over so that I am on top of her. I tickle her sides and she squirms underneath. 

"Don't roll your eyes at me." I say as I continue tickling her all over. 

"Or what?" she manages to say in between her laughter. 

"Or this..." I say as I slowly sink two fingers into her pussy. 

"Ugh fuck." she groans. I can feel her pussy opening up to me 

" Well damn you are already so wet, is tickling a major turn on for you or something?" I ask. My fingers push deeper inside her. I curl and uncurl them and I can feel her walls trying to grip onto them. 

"No, but it's hard not to get turned on when your really horny girlfriend is naked on top of you and tickling you." she says. 

"Good point." I say. I start fucking her pussy with my fingers, slow but nice and deep. 

"Why must you tease babe?" she moans. I lay next to her and my lips find her neck. I kiss up her neck, leaving shiny wet marks as I make my way to her ear. I bite and tug on her ear lobe. 

"What you do want? You want me to fuck you hard?" I whisper. My fingers start to move in and out of her pussy faster. Her breath hitches and all she can do is nod. "Use your words baby." I stop moving my fingers inside her. She groans in protest and humps against my hand trying to get me to keep fucking her. 

"Fuck me Mia, please." she begs. I give in and my fingers start pumping in and out of her again. I feel her pussy tightening more and more with each thrust, the telltale sign that she is getting close. I use my thumb on my freehand to rub her clit knowing that will send her over the edge. 

"God yes!" Ashley practically screams as her back arches off the bed and she completely loses herself. I fuck her slowly to help her ride out her orgasm. Once she comes down I pull my fingers out and stick them in my mouth. 

"Why do you taste so good?" I say smiling at her. 

"Share." she says. I lean in and kiss her. She sucks my tongue into her mouth. Our tongues wrestle back and forth before she pulls away so we can catch our breath. She gives me a final peck on the lips before saying, "I want you to rub your pussy on mine." 

"With pleasure." I say but before I can get into position Ashley pulls me farther down the bed and lays on top of me. 

"I want to be in control." she growls as she bites my neck. I moan at the feel of her mouth on me. She grabs and squeezes my tits hard making me gasp. She definitely isn't in a gentle teasing mood right now. She pinches and tugs on my nipples and doesn't stop until I cry out from pain and pleasure. She kisses and bites her way down my stomach. She wastes no time diving into my pussy. Her tongue runs up my clit once before she sucks it into her mouth. The sensation is too intense and I jump away from her mouth. She grabs my hips and pins me down. 

"Stay put." she commands. Her mouth makes its way back onto my clit. She sucks it back into her mouth but with slightly less pressure. She keeps me guessing, one second she is sucking my clit, the next she is doing long strokes with the flat of her tongue, and the next she is rapidly flicking my pleasure button with her tongue. The mix of all the different sensations is driving me crazy and I grip the sheets as I'm about to cum. Suddenly Ashley's assault on my pussy stops completely. I look up at her with pleading eyes. 

"Sorry babe but I want to make you cum by grinding my pussy on yours." she says. She slides a leg in between mine and lifts my other leg up against her shoulder. She lowers her pussy onto mine. The second her clit touches mine I can't help but moan. Her pussy is still wet from the orgasm I gave her earlier and mine is covered in my arousal and her spit. Ashley holds herself up slightly so that we are barely touching and starts to grind back and forth. My clit is dying for more friction but the feather light touches feel amazing. 

"Oh now you want to tease me?" I moan in frustration. She just smiles at me. She glides across me a couple times until I take matters into my own hands. I grab her hips pulling her down until her pussy is covering and pressing into mine. We moan in unison as we feel each other's heat. Ashley starts grinding against my pussy fast. I pull my hood back so my bare clit is exposed to hers. "Baby keep going. I want you to make me cum so bad." I say. She starts grinding harder and faster against me. I notice she is breathing rapidly and a red flush is spreading across her chest. Damn she is going to cum already, that is so hot, I think to myself. I grip her hips tighter encouraging her to keep going. She reaches a hand down and starts running her thumb back and forth across my nipple. 

"Fuck I'm going to cum." I say feeling my body tensing up. 

"Me too, cum all over my pussy Mia." she says. Ashley cums right after she says that. I fall over the edge as I watch her trying to keep her pace up as her pussy pulses. My fingers dig into her skin and I grit my teeth as her clit skims over mine while my orgasm overtakes me. Ashley's legs give out and she collapses on top of me. She gives my nose a kiss. 

"I love you." she says. 

"I love you too." I say back. We pass out and I'm so glad it's saturday so that I can stay cuddled up with her all day. 

------------------------------ 

I wake up with Ashley curled up against my side. I smile and kiss her shoulder. She rolls over and smiles. "Good morning baby." she says. 

I kiss her lips. "Good morning beautiful." I say. I can't hide the frown that appears on my face. 

"What's wrong?" Ashley asks me. 

"The realization that last night was our last night together here just hit me." I say. 

" Oh yeah..." she frowns. "I better pack my things up and help you move the beds back before your roommate gets back and discovers us naked together partially in her bed." she says. I laugh and give her a kiss on the cheek before hopping out of bed. Ashley and I push and pull the beds until they are back together. I put some fresh sheets on my roommate's bed and help Ashley collect all her things. I get a text from my roomie saying she'll be home in thirty minutes. 

"Well I guess I better get going." she says. 

I drop my head down. "Yeah I guess so." She tilts my chin up and kisses me. 

"Hey it's not like we won't see each other again." she says. 

"I know but it's going to be so weird not falling asleep and waking up next to you." I say. 

"I know what you mean. We will have to get a place together soon. The rent will be real cheap for a one bedroom place." she says giving me a wink. 

I laugh. "Text me when you make it home." 

"Will do babe." she says and gives me a slow long kiss. "Love you." 

"Love you too." I say back 

----------------------------- 

As I'm leaving the gym my phone goes off. 

A: Sorry I forgot to text you right when I got home! But I have fantastic news!! 

M: It's ok I was at the gym anyways so my phone was off, and what might that news be??? 

A: Brad went home for the weekend and he won't be back until Monday afternoon so get your sexy ass over here! 

M: Be right there! 

---------------------------- 

I run up the stairs to Ashley's apartment and open the door. She usually leaves it unlocked during the day which normally makes me mad, but this time I'm glad she does that. She is sitting on the couch in the living room. Me practically bursting through the door startled her but her face instantly turns into a grin once she realizes it's me. I run over to her and straddle her lap. I kiss her feverishly, smashing our lips together. My tongue finds its way into her mouth. We take turns invading each other's mouths before I pull away catching her bottom lip between my teeth. She lets out a small moan. 

"Happy to see me?" she asks jokingly. 

"You have no idea." I say. 

She leans in and places several soft kisses along my neck. "Tough workout?" she asks. 

"Why? Do I smell?" I ask pulling away embarrassed. She laughs as I start to blush. 

"No actually you smell delightful, but you taste a bit like a potato chip." she says. I laugh at the comparison. 

"I'm going to shower, even though I know you love salty snacks." I say. She rolls her eyes. "Babe what did I say about you rolling your eyes at me?" 

"Oops sorry, looks like you are going to have to punish me." she says teasingly. 

"You are so naughty." I say and give her a kiss before heading into the shower. I clean and scrub everywhere a few times making sure I will be nice and fresh for Ashley. Since I came straight from the gym I didn't bring any clothes with me to wear while I spend the next couple nights here. I walk into Ashley's room and throw on one of her big t-shirts she wears for sleeping in. 

"I don't know why you bothered putting that on you know it's going to be taken off just as quickly as you put it on." she says. She walks over to me, grabs the hem of the shirt, pulls it up over my head, and tosses it to the floor. "See." 

"Well my clothes might stay on longer if my girlfriend wasn't so horny all the time." I say. 

"Do you have a problem with my horniness?" she asks. 

"Not even a little." I say. 

Ashley looks me up and down, lust in her eyes. Her hands reach out and her fingers burn against my bare skin. She lightly runs her fingers up and down my toned stomach. She gets closer to me and our lips meet. I moan as her fingers graze over my nipples again and again. They harden more and more with each pass of her fingers. My hands tangle in her hair as I deepen our kiss and pull her closer to me. 

I walk back until I feel the bed against my legs. I push Ashley's hands away so that I can pull her shirt over her head. I toss it aside and push her onto the bed. I yank her leggings off and kiss her foot up to her thigh and repeat the process on the other leg. I kiss her hip bones and let my index finger rest on her clit. She bucks her hips trying to get me to rub her now swollen clit. I lean over her pussy and spit. It lands directly on her sensitive ball of pleasure. I start tracing big slow circles on her clit with my finger. I suck her right nipple into my mouth. I gently nibble it and roll it between my teeth. I apply more pressure to her clit. She moans and I stop. 

"You are supposed to be punished, remember? I say. 

"Ugh why did you have to remember just as I was starting to get really into it?" she asks. 

"Just consider that part of your punishment." I say with an evil smile. She sighs. "Now that you are fully aroused, you have to make me cum until I am completely satisfied before you can get any release." 

"You are pure evil." she says. 

"Maybe... Now eat my pussy from behind." I say as I climb onto the bed. I get on all fours and lift my ass up. Ashley wastes no time. She spreads me open as her tongue slides up my clit. I jump slightly from the initial contact. She circles my clit with her tongue and it pulses every time she completes a circle. 

"Your tongue feels amazing. I want it inside." I say. I shift myself so that my legs are opened more. I feel Ashley's tongue at my entrance. She slips the tip in and wiggles it around. 

"Mmm you taste good." she says. I moan and push against her tongue trying to get more of it inside of me. She denies me and moves her tongue away and then back to only letting the tip slide into me. I reach behind me and force Ashley's face into my pussy. Finally her tongue fully penetrates me. She spreads me open more and starts fucking me with her tongue. I moan and push my hips back to meet her thrusts. She reaches her thumb up and starts furiously rubbing my clit. 

"Oh fuck baby I'm going to cum." I say. A few more thrusts of her tongue and I start to cum all over it. She starts to move her face away but I hold her to my pussy. "Keep your tongue inside of me I want you to taste all of my cum." Ashley obeys and once my spasms stop she slips her tongue out of my and licks the full length of my pussy. 

"Delicious." she says. I lean back and pull her forward so I can taste myself on her. I lick her lips and say "make me cum hard again like a good girl then I'll let you ride my face." 

"Yes ma'am." she says. She kisses my ass as she taps my legs signaling to spread them even wider. I shift myself again so that I am completely open to her. She licks up my right ass cheek then down my left one as her fingers make their way inside my pussy. Every time she withdraws her fingers she aims and curls them downwards, putting a lot of pressure on my g-spot. 

"Fuck that feels good." I moan. My g-spot swells every time her fingers rake against it. I'm so focused on the sensations happening to my pussy that I haven't noticed Ashley's mouth getting closer and closer to my asshole. I feel her tongue flick against my asshole. I reflexively pull away and flip over onto my back so that she no longer has access to my ass. 

"Whoa what are you doing?" I ask surprised. 

"Trying something new. If you didn't like it I won't do it again." she says. 

"Well I didn't really get to feel it I was too shocked." I say. 

"Flip back over and I'll try it again and you tell me if you like it." she says. 

Hesitantly I get back onto my knees and spread myself for her. She runs her tongue from my clit up until she hits my asshole. The sensation is strange, good but strange. Her fingers slide back into my pussy and she starts pumping in and out of me. Her tongue makes a couple more passes up and down my ass. I can't help but moan at the feeling of both my holes being stimulated at once. She starts fucking me hard, so hard you can easily hear the sounds of her fingers working my pussy. Her tongue flicks back and forth across my asshole. The pleasure is too much and I can feel that familiar feeling building. Ashley can sense I'm getting close and she keeps her tongue directly on my asshole and fingers concentrate on my g-spot. My pussy pulses and grips her fingers tight as I cum all over them. 

She takes her fingers out and shoves them in my mouth. "Taste yourself baby." she says. I lick them clean and I pull her in so I can kiss her. She shoves her tongue in my mouth and it wrestles with mine. 

"Sit on my face Ash. You definitely deserved it." I say. She smiles and straddles my face. I inhale her scent and she smothers my face with her pussy. She grinds against my tongue. Eating out my ass must have turned her on because she is wasting no time getting herself off. I can feel how swollen her clit is against my tongue. She is grinding hard and fast along the full length of my tongue. 

"Shit." she moans and grabs my hair pulling up so that I am forced deeper into her pussy. I take that as a hint that she wants a little more so I suck her clit hard on and off. Her legs start to tremble and I suck all of her clit into my mouth and keep the pressure on it until I feel her whole body shake above me. I release her clit and give it a soft kiss. I can taste her cum in my mouth. Ashley swings her leg over my head and climbs off of my face. She gives me a kiss on my forehead. 

"That was good babe." she says. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself." I say. 

"I most certainly did. By the way your ass tastes good." she says. 

I blush and laugh, "good to know." I say. Ashley pulls me against her so that I am the little spoon this time and we drift off to sleep.