 My friend Ashley and I were hanging out at my place one weekend and the conversation switched to new shoes. I was telling her about these sexy new heels I had just bought. We headed up to my bedroom so I could show her the shoes and the rest of my collection of high heels. 

"Damn, you have so many shoes Jessica," she said as she rooted around in my walk in closet. Ashley and I were the same shoe size so she started trying on some of them. I hadn't noticed as she grabbed a red shoe box from the top shelf and opened it. 

"Oh god, sorry Jessica. I thought it was another box of shoes," she said as she stood holding my secret box of sex toys. I laughed at the look on her face as she stood there peeking into the box. 

"It's ok, you can check them out if you like. I'm not embarrassed," I said as I laughed again. Ashley peeked into the box and saw a couple vibrators, a very big dildo, some hand cuffs, and a strap on dildo set. It was the strap on that she picked up and stared at. 

"Oh wow, have you ever used this?" she said as it dangled between us in her hand. I could see she was blushing just a little. 

"Yeah quite a few times. It's sexy as fuck to use on somebody. You think it's hot?" I asked her as I watched for her reaction.

"Well um... yeah kinda," she said as I watched as she bit her bottom lip and glanced at me coyly. The look on her face and her answer suddenly did something to me. I had always been attracted to Ashley but suddenly I was overcome with feelings of lust for her. I wanted to fuck her. Not just wanted... I needed to fuck her. 

I walked closer to her and stared into her eyes as she dropped the box of toys. I gently pushed her against the wall taking the strap on from her and dangling it in front of her face. 

"Do you want to find out just how hot as fuck this is to play with Ashley?" I said as I looked into her eyes. Ashley seemed to just melt in front of me. I knew she had mentioned she had submissive tendencies before but the way she suddenly looked at me made me want to make her my slut right there and then. 

"Yes Jessica..." she said softly. 

"Take off your clothes and get on my bed... NOW!" I ordered and she slid from against the wall and immediately started undressing. I took my own clothes off as I watched her strip for me. She lay naked on my bed looking at me in anticipation as I started to fasten the strap on dildo around my waist and thighs. 

"Rub your pussy Ashley. Open your legs and shove your fingers inside you. I wanna watch you finger your self," I said as I stood at the side of the bed with the big dildo cock sticking out from my crotch. As she started playing with herself I slid my fingers along the big dildo as if it was a real cock. Pretending to jerk myself off like so many guys had done as I had watched them. Ashley couldn't take her eyes off my hand sliding back and forth along the cock. She had her legs spread and her knees bent as she moaned and fingered her pussy hard for me. I could see her fingers were glistening from how wet she was getting. 

I climbed on the bed beside her and bent down so I could slide my tongue up her wet slit. Tasting Ashley as she pulled her hand away and moaned hard. 

"You want me to fuck you don't you Ashley? You want to be my little slut don't you? Say it," I said as I knelt beside her sliding my hand along the cock. Ashley stared up at me and reached up for the cock. She grabbed it. 

"Jessica fuck me please," she moaned softly. I pulled her up and turned her around so she was on all fours and I knelt behind her. Her ass looked so sexy as she looked back at me. I held the cock and pushed the tip just inside her pussy. Just a couple of inches at first. Watching her pussy lips close around the end of the cock was so damn sexy. It was hot thinking how guys must watch the same thing as they push their cocks inside me. Listening to Ashley moan as I pushed deeper into her pussy, then giving her all of it as I grabbed her hips and pulled her back as I thrusted into her. 

"Oooohh my god... Jessica fuck me," she gasped as I thrusted harder inside her. She arched her back and I pulled her deeper onto the cock, as far as I could get it inside her. I grabbed her shoulders as I fucked her, rolling my hips as fucked my friend for the first time. She was moaning and rocking back against my thrusts, the cock sliding so deep, fucking Ashley's tight wet pussy. 

"You're my little slutty whore who needs me to fuck her pussy so hard... Say it... Say it bitch!" I screamed as I ran my fingernails down the curves of her back until I was grabbing her hips again. 

"Ooohhh god I'm your whore... your slut... Jessica oh please... I wanna cum!" she squealed as her back arched and she threw her head back. Ashley screamed out and started cumming. I kept fucking her as she squealed and whimpered, her legs trembling as her orgasm washed over her body. She started falling forwards as she came and I tried to pull her back up but she collapsed onto her tummy as I fell over her, the cock still buried deep inside her dripping pussy. I put my hand on her back to hold her down as I started fucking her pussy even harder. Slamming her against the bed as she screamed and kept cumming. 

"You're mine Ashley. My horny little slut. Cum for me Ashley," I gasped as I pounded into her pussy. She grabbed the edge of the bed and moaned louder and louder, panting and calling out my name. 

"Jessica please... please... I'm cumming, I'm cumming," she screamed as I pushed down and held the cock so deep inside her spasming soaking pussy. Her body trembling under me. Watching and listening to her cum was so fucking hot. I lay on top of her with the cock still inside her, kissing her neck and her shoulders, hearing her soft whimpers. 

"You ok babe?" I whispered as I lay against her as her pussy quivered around the cock still deep inside her. 

"Hold me Jessica," she whimpered as I pulled the cock out of her and turned her over. Wrapping our arms around each other, our legs entwined as I held her. Then I felt her hand slide between my legs as Ashley started to caress my pussy. 

"Jessica tell me how to please you. I need to please you," she whispered as she looked at me so submissively. 

"Ever lick pussy before bitch?" I said to my new little sexy slut.