 Author's Note: As you can see, this is chapter three of this series. Please, to get the full effect of the story, read the first two chapters. As always, I welcome any feedback. The authors on this site thrive from the feedback of our works. Again, thanks P&J for a wonderful story line. You two are sexy! Thanks, R.

*

The next morning I awoke to clouds and rain. It looked to be one of those day long drizzles. That would bring people to the mall and usually meant that we would be slammed. I glanced over to my left and saw my lovely Auntie Pam sleeping soundly next to me. She was absolutely radiant. I couldn't believe my good fortune in having this woman in my bed. And later tonight we were going to be performing in front of her husband, Uncle John.

I walked to the bathroom and showered. I only had a little while before I had to be at the lingerie store that I managed. It was going to prove to be a very interesting day. As I showered and shaved everything possible, my thoughts returned to the prior evening and the events that took place in my bedroom. The thought of Sara between my legs and licking me to orgasm came flooding back in my memory. My pussy got wet just thinking about her. How on Earth was I going to be able to work beside her the entire day without touching her? I told her that I could keep it professional and asked her if she could. She told me yes and I believed her. Who I didn't believe, was myself. 

Sara was my newest employee at the store who unexpectedly showed up at my home last night. Her, along with a Chinese food delivery girl, Melissa stopped over and joined us in the bedroom. Auntie Pam got a full fledged lesbian foursome on her second day of being bi-sexual. I got out of the shower and dressed in my usual work gear. Something to show a lot of cleavage and leg would do for today. I have found after being in this business since high school, that the more skin you show, the better your sales are. 

I put on a tight black mini skirt with black nylons and my hot pink garter belt. I donned a low cut pink top that had no back but was tight around my figure. I am 5'4" and weigh around 110 pounds. My tits are a full 34D and my nipples were always hard. I didn't wear a bra to work so that my nipples could poke out and greet my customers. You would not believe how a woman can react when faced with a sexy little tramp like me in a lingerie store. I have taken more than one customer home after selling her all kinds of sexy lingerie for her man. 

That is how Auntie Pam has ended up in my bed for the second night in a row. Auntie Pam is my mom's dearest and closest friend. She has been there for everything to do with our family including my birth. She is my mom's age, around 45, and is very happily married to my Uncle John. He is a very good looking man with dark hair that is just starting to grey. He is a couple of years older than Pam but looks a great deal older than her. She doesn't look a day over 35 and is very tone and very beautiful.  

When I walked out into the bedroom, Auntie Pam was sitting up sipping a cup of coffee. She had a cup waiting for me and I smiled. "Well, good morning, this is a wonderful surprise. I wasn't expecting coffee to be ready when I got out of the shower. Thank you sweetheart, you are so thoughtful."

"It's the least I can do for you for all that you have done for me this weekend. Thank you so much Ashley, I have enjoyed myself fantastically over here. I can't wait for you to get to our place tonight. What time will you be there baby doll?"

I sat down on the bed next to her and leaned over and gave her a good morning kiss. "We close at 6:00 pm tonight and I should have the store balanced by 6:30 to be at your house around 7:15 pm. Will that work for you all right?"

"Yes Ashley that will work out perfectly. John arrives at 3:00 pm this afternoon and by the time we get his baggage and get home, we will have just enough time to unpack him, freshen up and allow me to make a delicious steak salad. It is one of John's favorite meals and he will need some strength for the festivities this evening."

I looked over at the clock and saw that it was nearing the time that I was going to have to leave and get to work. I had two young ladies to write up today. I needed to be there by 9:00 to get all of the drawers ready for the day and make the deposit out for this morning. Plus, I had to write the girls up that played a prank on Sara, our newest employee. My heart wasn't in it though. After the enjoyable time that I had with this woman of almost twice my age, if it hadn't been for their little prank, I might never have known there was such a strong interest in me.

"It is 8:15 now and I really need to leave in the next ten minutes. Thank you so much for the coffee, I think I will take a travel mug with me. Please make yourself at home and have some breakfast. I have all kinds of fruits in the fridge and there are bagels and cream cheese and eggs. Fix yourself whatever you want. Mi casa es su casa. Just lock up when you leave and I will see you tonight." I leaned over and kissed her as I walked to the closet to get my shoes that I love with this outfit. It was a pair of three inch, black, patent leather pumps with a strap around the ankle. They made my legs look outstanding. 

I turned around to see Auntie Pam staring at me with lust overflowing in her eyes. "You better get out of here now, or you're going to be late for work. You have a wonderful day and I'll see you tonight." She smiled and blew a kiss to me.

I walked out of the bedroom like I was walking on a cloud. I had a high that you cannot get from any drug that I know of. I was high on an orgasmic paved path that was leading me to the most intense orgasms of my life. It I could just get through the day at work, I would be so happy to be relieved at Auntie Pam's and Uncle John's house. 

I got my cup of coffee and got on the road. I was thinking about the write ups that I had to give the girls and my cell phone rang. It was my mom. I hesitated a moment before answering, clearing my thoughts to the events of the last 36 hours.

I picked up the call. "Hi Mom, how's it going?"

"It's going great sweetheart. How about you?"

"Oh, you know same old same old. What's up?"

"I just had not heard from you in a couple of days and wanted to see if you were still on this planet or not." She laughed.

"Of course, I am. Sorry, I have been a little busy. Got a new girl at the store training and my general manager is out of town, so I am in charge until she gets back. I was off yesterday but I only relaxed and did nothing. How about you? What's going on in the north end of town?"

"Well, actually I did have a reason for calling. I am having a little get together over here Sunday evening and we are going to celebrate my fifteenth year of being divorced. I am having Aunt Pam and Uncle John come over and you are welcome to bring someone too sweetheart. Do you have a special woman in your life right now that you would want to bring home and meet mommy?"

I blushed at the thought. Wouldn't she just be beside herself? This would work out perfectly. "Of course, I'll be there Mom and yes, I do have someone that I would like you to meet. Do you want me to bring anything?"

"Well, Ashley, I am making beef Wellington and spring vegetables. Why don't you pick up a nice homemade loaf of bread and the wine? Oh, and Ash?"

"Yes mom?"

"Get enough wine for six of us. I have someone special that I want you and Pammy to meet."

We said our good byes and hung up. I was in awe. My mother had not dated anyone serious in years. The last loser she had was while I was still in junior high school. I was happy that my mom had met someone good enough to want to introduce me to him. That said a lot in my mom's eyes. She never brought any other man home to meet me unless they were going to stay in her life for a while. 

I got to work and got into the office. It was 8:45 and I had a lot to do before we opened the gates at 10:00 sharp. I had momentarily forgotten about the huge sale we were having this weekend. With the rain and the sale, we were sure to be busy. This might be a good thing as it would keep my mind off of Sara and the things that I wanted to do to her body when we were alone. I counted out the drawers first, there were three that all started out with $100 in them. I made sure that the store was in tip top shape. I booted up the registers and the security system. I remembered that I had left the sound on so that I could hear what the girls talked about after I left yesterday afternoon. I was going to have to listen to that sometime today, if possible. 

Everything was done as I finished writing the reports up on the girls. I heard the buzzer sound from the back door. I looked up at the clock and noticed that it was 9:45, time for the girls to be here. I looked out the peephole and saw Sara, Tiffany and Christie standing there waiting for me to open up. They were all dressed to the nines for this sale today. Tiffany and Christie already knew that their commissions would hit the roof today and anything that they can do to make those commissions higher, they usually did. Dressing like they are dressed now is one of those things.

I opened the door and said, "Well, good morning ladies, it is nice to see everyone here and ready to work. C'mon in and get settled. Tiffany and Christie, when you get settled, come back to my office. We have some things to discuss. Sara, wait for me out by the registers, we have a game plan for sales like today's sale and I would like to go over that game plan with you as soon as I get done with the girls."

I walked back into my office and sat down, realizing that my pussy was already flowing. Seeing the girls all dressed so sexily, Sara especially, made me all hot and bothered. I was going to have to get control of this or it was going to prove to be a very long day. I was reading over the write ups that I had composed and shaking my head when Tiffany and Christie walked into my office about a minute later. They sat down in the chairs in front of my desk and looked at me with pity in their eyes. 

"Well, look who we have here, my two juvenile delinquents. Do you two have anything to say for yourselves?"

Tiffany looked at Christie and then over to me. I saw a slight nod out of Christie's head. Tiffany spoke, "Miss Ashley, we understand that you have to write us up. We did wrong and deserve the just punishment. We just want to say how sorry we were and we hope that this doesn't come between our working relationships. We thought we were doing a good thing and it backfired on us. Please don't be mad at us, Miss Ashley. We couldn't take it if you were mad at us, we love working here with you. We treated Miss Sara very well after you left on Friday and she has accepted our apology, we ask that you, too, accept our apology for our bad behavior. It will never happen again, we promise."

I was already having an internal conflict because of my night last night with Sara. Now, these two perky little 19 year olds, with beautiful tits, were begging my forgiveness. I really tried to listen to every word that Tiffany was speaking, but I was distracted by their braless tits with nice hard nipples. It took me a moment to realize that they were waiting with baited breath for my response. I had to mentally shake my head out of the lusty cloud that I was seeing through.

"Oh girls, I know that you meant no harm, but I also know that you know better. I, legally, have to do this. I couldn't let it go and make you think that you were getting away with something. Do you both understand that?"

They nodded their heads. "I'll make you a deal. You two be the exemplary employees that I know you can be for the next 30 days and I will make these disappear from you permanent file. If either of you fuck up, just one time, I will be forced to send them to corporate for a paper trail. Does this sound like something that you two can live with?"

"Oh, most definitely, Miss Ashley, we will be good girls for you for the next month and after that. We will be the girls that you hired. Thank you so much for the opportunity, Miss Ashley. We love you." 

Well, they made my heart sing to hear those words from these girls. I smiled at them and thought to myself, what I wouldn't do to have these girls in my bedroom. I had to shake these thoughts from my head. "Well, thank you girls, I appreciate your honesty and loyalty. Let's just get through the next month without incident and we'll go from there. I need you two to read these over and sign at the bottom. I'll be right back."

I walked out of my office and noticed my pussy was leaking down my thighs. I couldn't stand being in that office one more minute with those two little hotties. Tiffany was a short little blond that had tits and ass that didn't stop. She was at least a 34C, possibly a D cup. Christie was a brunette with a little smaller butt and little bigger tits. She was an inch taller than I without her heels and hair down to the middle of her back. I was taken aback by these two today and I had to get out in order to breathe. 

I walked out onto the sales floor and found Sara tidying up the place. It was five minutes before opening and I walked over to her and whispered in her ear. "You have made me so wet knowing that you were out here. This is going to be a very long day." I laughed. 

She turned to look at me and eyed me up and down and said, "You look extremely sexy today. Thank you so much for last night. I promised I would be a good girl and I will keep that promise. You are definitely worth the wait until Sunday."

"Well, thank you Miss Sara that was very kind of you to say. Real quick before we open, we are going to work teams today. Tiffany and Christie will be a team and you and I will be a team. What that means is that we will take turns running the register and we will combine our commissions at the end of the shift and split them. I always take the new girls under my wing to show them how to make sales. When you are not busy at the register, come over to me and learn some of my techniques. We will also be competing with the girls and other stores in the area for top sales. That includes a bonus on sale weekends. The top three teams in the region get a bonus of double the commission we received that day.

"I want you to carry around a clip board to take notes on. As I am working with a client, I want you to take notes on questions you might have about what I did at a particular moment. Then at the end of the shift, we will go over your questions as we are closing up. I like to get the other employees in this discussion and see what kind of answers they give. It's almost like a small sales meeting to share what works and what does not in certain situations. It should be a good day with the rain and all; our sales should be out the roof. I'll be right back and we will open the gate. Are you ready for your first sale Saturday?"

"I most certainly am ready. Thank you for taking me under your wing."

I walked back to the office and reminded the girls about the regional contest today and we all went out to open the gate and await our first customers. We walked out into the store and saw that there were four women waiting to get in as we approached the gate. We all had our sunshine smiles on as I opened the gate at exactly 10:00 am. 

Most of the day went rather well. We had a record number of sales in the first part of the day. I checked us against the other four stores in sales reported and ours was almost double everyone else's. Even with as busy as we were, I could not keep my mind off of this sexy woman that I was working right next to the entire day. There was one time that I had to go to the restroom and relieve myself because all I could smell was Sara's essence. She was making it very difficult to concentrate on my job, not by any fault of her own. She was able to keep it very professional all day long.

As I stood in the locked bathroom and rubbed my hard little clit, I thought of sticking my tongue in her pussy tomorrow night. I thought of sucking on her pierced nipples and fingering her tight little cunt. I had myself squirting in no time with these thoughts running through my head. As soon as I was finished, I cleaned myself up and applied some body spray to myself so I wouldn't smell like I had just masturbated in the bathroom.

When I walked back out onto the floor, I saw Sara working on her first sale. She had good techniques and had this older woman eating out of her hand. She flirted just enough and made the woman feel special as she was getting ready for her 50th wedding anniversary. She was young to have been married for 50 years and had taken good care of herself though the years. I pegged her at around 66 or 67. I sure hoped I was still fucking when I was that age. Sara was doing well so I left her and went to run the register. 

She was a quick learner and most of the afternoon; she ran the floor, with me on register. She was able to get the women to accessorize and boost their sales tremendously. When we were finally able to close the store at 6:00, we all took a big sigh of relief that the day was over. It had gone well; we were number 1 and number 2 in the region. I gathered the girls together after we had closed the gate and said, "I am proud of all of you girls. You worked extremely hard today and our persistence has triumphed. We are the top store in the region for today and I believe you all worked your butts off in order to achieve this. Thank you very much for your hard work and persistence." I gave them a group hug and felt my tits brush Sara's and Christie's and all of sudden all of our nipples were hard as rocks. I backed up quickly as I didn't want to be that close to these girls in this condition.

"Alright, let's get this store cleaned up and get out of here; I have plans for tonight." As we cleaned up the store, Sara gave the questions about certain situations that arose throughout the day. Tiffany and Christie answered most of her questions just as I would have answered them. It took us record time to straighten the store up after such a sale. By 6:45 pm, I was counting out the registers and everything balanced to the penny. I had a good team. We all exited together out the back door and Sara and I lingered behind as Tiffany and Christie sped ahead to get ready for their dates tonight. 

Sara turned and looked at me after they had gone and said, "I know you went into the restroom to masturbate today."

My jaw dropped in surprise. I tried to feign innocence but to no avail. "How did you know?"

"I went into the restroom shortly after you and that was all I could smell was your pussy. I stayed in there and repeated your actions just from the high that it gave me. I was so hot after entering that restroom with your scent lingering in there, I had to do something. I can't wait until tomorrow night. Are we working alone tomorrow during the day?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact, we are. Also, my mother has invited us over for a dinner celebration of her 15 years of being divorced from my father. She told me I could bring anyone I wanted so I am asking you if it is okay to have dinner over there. We can go back to my place after dinner and see what we can get into. Auntie Pam and Uncle John will be there and my mother has a new friend that she wants to introduce us to. Sorry for the last minute plan change, I can't deny my mother. She has been my mentor for so many years and she is the most awesome lady I know."

"Oh, I would be much honored to go with you tomorrow night. I feel special that you thought of me in that way. Auntie Pam will be there?"

"Yes, remember I told you that she is my mom's best friend. We have celebrated every divorce since the day it was final together. Do you think you can handle being in the same room with Auntie Pam and my mother, who must never know about mine and Pam's relationship?"
