 The moment had arrived -- 8 months in the making. At last Kate could ask the question. Well, at least she was going to ask it. For eight months she had thought about how it was possible to ask the question. Who she should ask the question to. Could she ever ask it? It was a question that would change things forever. At least change things in her relationships, at least within her wider family. If Julie said yes, it could lead to fun, to changed relationships. If Julie said no, then there would be cooling, embarrassment. There would be tension. The consequences wouldn't be good. 

Julie wasn't the original person she was going to ask. It was only over the last three weeks that she realised Julie was the one. The one she could at least ask the question to. But now they were side by side on the sofa, a couple of feet apart. Kate was strengthened by a couple of glasses of wine. There was only the two of them. It was time to ask the question. 

"Can I kiss you?"

It had been an odd time. Kate was thirty four. She had read somewhere that it was the age when women were most sexually driven, the time when they are most sexually awake -- driven on by the need to have children -- or something like that. She was aware she was sexually charged, and Mike her husband could just about keep up with her, while she used her toys when he was out. But they were in love. Kate was a hot women -- even she knew that. She was well shaped, from working out in the gym. She was the standard 36-24-36. Her face was pretty -- without make-up, when she also tied up her long black hair. With her make-up on and hair down she knew she had a hint of "slut" about her -- Mike loved her wearing make-up. 

Mike adored her -- they were in love, and the bonus was she seemed totally uninhibited in bed. There seemed nothing she wouldn't do! Well, she would say she was kinky but not perverted! She was happy to do anal occasionally, but not bodily functions! 

Eight months ago things had all changed. Well, not changed -- she had simply added an extra dimension. It had been that strange book.

Kate had been helping at a bazaar. The book stall. She was checking to see what was there and came across the book. "Growing Up" it was called. It looked innocent enough and she was about to put it on the "sale" pile, but there was something about the picture on the front, of two women, looking at each other. There was something about the way they looked at each other.

Kate turned the book over and read the summary. "...the tale of how a neighbour helped nineteen year Helen change from a girl to a woman..." There was something odd about it, and Kate had taken it home and read it.

It was unexpected! The neighbour -- a woman in her mid forties -- had helped Helen. She had seduced her, and Kate marvelled at how exciting the description of the sex between the two women was. Not just exciting, but totally explicit. How the older woman had first seduced Helen, then had taught Helen how to pleasure her! There was simply something about the writing which made it utterly arousing!

The first time Kate had read the seduction she couldn't stop. After reading for two hours she found her panties were sopping wet, and had to go to the bedroom and masturbate to two orgasms, it had been so hot.

In that first month Kate read the seduction scenes several times. Once it would be the description of Helen's pussy, the next how she was taught to use her fingers in the older woman, both pussy and ass. Kate got to reading it with her vibrator deep within her, such that she often couldn't finish the section without cumming.

It was after a few weeks she suddenly thought -- what would it be like, for real, with another woman? She knew she wasn't a lesbian -- she craved Mike's cock. She loved to play with it with her mouth, letting him shoot into her throat. She loved it thrusting into her pussy, pounding her. She loved it -- sometimes -- in her ass. Perhaps when it was the wrong time of the month. But the book had done something -- she wanted to try. She could barely say it -- she wanted to have sex with a woman.

But there were two questions.

Who?

And when you've decided, how do you ask the question? How can you say to someone: "I really want to taste another woman's cunt, and thought yours might be nice!" Kate shocked herself that she would think in those crude terms. She would use those words when making love to Mike -- he liked her to be crude in bed. They weren't words that were ever in her mind outside of her bed. Until now.

Of course there was Mike. She loved him, she adored him. She wouldn't make love with another person because it might ruin her relationship with him. She could dream, but her relationship with Mike would stop her... But there was just a corner in her mind -- what if she asked Mike? She knew men -- the thought of seeing two women doing it... the thought of a wife doing it with another women -- it could be a no-no, but equally it might be his ultimate fantasy. And she thought -- she could only do it if Mike liked it, was happy. She wasn't stupid -- she knew she could, if she wanted, create a way to ask. The thoughts were just a corner of her mind -- for the moment it was just playing with a fantasy of being with another woman.

For the next few weeks the question that whirled through her mind was "Who?"

Could it be Janice from work? Gorgeous boobs. Amazing body. But a gossip. If they did, and Kate thought Janice might, everyone would hear about it -- and Kate didn't want that.

Could it be Toni next door? No -- Toni was too overbearing, as much as she was friendly. Kate didn't want to submit.

Could it be Angie who had been a friend for a long time, but had recently divorced? No -- Angie would become clingy, could threaten Kate's own marriage.

Could it be... It was silly. She seemed to look at every woman she knew as a potential sex partner. At work. Socially. One evening when Mike was away she sat at her computer and typed a list of all the women she knew, and what she liked about them, and what she didn't. Some she had photos of and put them in the spread sheet she had created. A lot she wanted. Some -- perhaps who had been nasty to her, or she didn't like, or perhaps wasn't the sort of appearance she found attractive. 

In the end the problem was -- yes, there were a lot who she would do it with, but how do you ask someone? At work it could be called sexual harassment. It could lead to friends dumping you in a blink of an eye. There was so much risk in asking the question.

For three or four months she seemed obsessed. She read online "textbooks" about gay sex. She watched porn films of women making love. She read stories on the web of women. Some seemed ludicrous. Some interesting. Some exciting, leaving her grabbing her toys. But as much as she watched, and what she watched confirmed she wanted to, in the end it was always the question -- how do you ask the question "Can I have sex with you?" Especially to another woman.

One Sunday morning Mike was naked on his back, with Kate sat on top of him, his cock buried deep in her pussy. He had been gently thrusting upwards into her, something he enjoyed doing, and Kate enjoyed as well.

Kate sat down hard on him, leaving him trapped in her, but unable to thrust upwards. He looked up to her, wondering what she was going to do.

"I was reading somewhere, and it said that most men like the fantasy of watching their wives do it with another woman. Would you like to see me with another woman?"

Mike was startled. Wherever she had read it, it was right! He would love to see her with another woman. In response he mumbled. "Mm, yes, um sometimes." However his body had given him away. Kate had felt his cock twitch hard inside her pussy.

"So who would you like to see me making love to?" 

Mike had enough awareness not to say what he really thought. He named a pop-singer, a couple of actresses. The thought, however, was particularly arousing, particularly as he pictured the woman he really had in mind. He thrust hard upwards, and in seconds was spurting cum deep into her pussy.

An hour later Mike and Kate were enjoying breakfast together. Things were always different in bed and after. Kate was a bit nervous.

"Sorry about asking that question, about you wanting me to, um, you know..."

Mike smiled, laughed. "Don't worry. That's what men are like. Paul is always going on about wanting to watch Julie with another woman." Kate wondered. Paul was Mike's younger brother, Julie his wife, younger than Kate at 25. Kate and Julie always got on well. Julie was quiet, sweet, pretty, slim, with long blonde hair. Paul and Mike were really close following the loss of both their parents in a car crash, when Mike was twenty, Paul fifteen. Mike and Paul had stayed in the family home together, supported by family, until both had married, when they had sold the home to move on. 

Kate laughed. "Your brother is a pervert!" They chatted a little more, until Kate asked the question. "...so, who does Paul want Julie to do it with?"

Suddenly there was a change in atmosphere, and things were quiet. After a pause, Mike answered. "Don't go ballistic! You."

Kate leapt. Metaphorically. She had never thought of Julie. Too close. Family. And yet a bolt seemed to shoot into her pussy. Julie. Suddenly a great friend had become a sex object. 

Kate kept calm when she spoke. "So would you mind if Julie and me... you know..."

This time it was Mike who felt the kick to his stomach. Mind? He would love it. To watch his wife. To see Julie... This time he kept calm. "No, don't think I would. Especially if me and Paul got to watch. At some stage. As long as I knew what was happening." 

The conversation petered out with both having their minds buzzing. Mike had just given her permission. And she had decided who was the right person. Or the right person had been presented on a plate to her.

Mike went out to see some friends. Kate looked through photos to see Julie. There were several in her camera. From Julie wearing an evening gown, to her wearing a bikini by a swimming pool. The more Kate looked at the pictures, the more she thought Julie would be perfect. And both husbands wanted it. But she still had the question -- how to ask Julie.

Two weeks later Paul and Mike were going on a fishing weekend with some friends. Kate wondered if it would be the perfect opportunity. She had phoned Julie, suggested they went shopping together, then maybe have something to eat and watch a movie together. 

As soon as Julie had stopped to pick her up, Kate felt she couldn't keep her eyes off her. Julie was pretty. She was about five foot six, with long blonde hair. She was slim. As they shopped and spent time together, Kate checked out her body. Julie was slim, with small cute round breasts. Her hips flared nicely. Her bum was really cute. Her legs were slender. Kate thought Julie didn't realise how stunning she really was. 

They had shopped, they had pizzas together at dinner, drinking a couple of glasses of wine together. The only problem for Kate -- how to ask the question. What to ask?

They chatted together, both sat on the sofa. Looking at each other. It took Kate several minutes to pluck up the courage. But then in a pause the words came out. "Can I kiss you?"

Julie was shocked. She adored Kate, but didn't know this was going to happen. There was a long pause as the two women looked into each other's eye. Then Julie knew what to say. She smiled softly and whispered. "Yes. Please."

The next few moments seemed so awkward. Kate leant in, trying to work out where to put her arms, which way to lean her head for "easiest access" but at last their lips touched. Kate tasted Julie's lips, warm and moist. Two thoughts quickly ran through her mind. All that time worrying about asking the question, and it had been that easy. Second -- she had to take charge.

Kate pushed her lips harder against Julie's, then slipped her tongue inside, pushing between Julie's lips. Julie tensed for a moment, then let her own tongue entangle with Kate's. For Kate this moment was even better than she dreamt it would be. For Julie she had never expected something this good.

For moments, and moments more their tongues fenced as they enjoyed each other mouths, tasting each other, caressing each other.

It could have gone on for ever, but for Kate instinct took over. As they kissed, she allowed her hand to move until she was cupping Julie's breast, over her top. Again Julie had tensed for a moment as their tongues were still entwined, but then moaned softly and kissed all the more. 

For Kate the breast just felt amazing. Soft, round. She could just feel the nipple on top. As she squeezed and caressed she felt Julie melt even more, kissing more and more sensually.

At last the kiss came to an end. Their mouths, parted and moved away from each other so they were still staring into each other's eyes. Both realised -- Kate hadn't released Julie's breast, but was still squeezing. Julie looked down and back up again and smiled. It simply felt amazing.

As their eyes were lock, Kate released the breast, moved her hand to the bottom of Julie's top, then slipped it under, then back up to the breast. For a moment she let her hand rest on Julie's thin lacy bra, but then put her hand under the bra, pushed it up over the breast, allowing the breast to fall free. Kate caressed for a moment, then caught the nipple between her finger and thumb, squeezing, rolling it around, such that Julie moaned, then closed her eyes in enjoyment.

Kate continued to work for a moment on the nipple, then spoke. "I think we should let your beautiful boobs get free."

Kate released the nipple, pulled Julie forward, then pulled her top off over her shoulders and head, dropping it on the floor. She paused for a moment to see the breast that was free, then reached forward, reached around for Julie's bra clip, at the same time pushing her lips to Julie's mouth. 

Within seconds Kate had undone the bra, and they had parted to remove it. 

"Wow, what fantastic boobs." Kate reached out, cupped her hands under Julie's breasts just to raise them to look at them. As she did she swirled the nipples with her thumbs, before leaning forward and taking one of the breasts in her mouth, sucking on the nipple, sucking as much of the breast into her mouth as she could. As she did Julie moaned loud in pleasure, whispering "Yes, oh yes..."

For several minutes Kate sucked on Julie's nipples, alternating between them, Julie just leaning back and enjoying the pleasure.

Kate at last moved away slightly, and whispered again to Julie. "I bet your pussy is as gorgeous as your boobs. Do you want to show it to me?" 

Julie had paused, then stood up and undid her jeans, pushing them down to her ankles, then stepping out of them. Coyly she also pushed her white lacy panties to the floor, stepping free from them as well. She stood by the settee, Kate looking her over, enjoying the blonde bush of pubic hair on Julie's mound. She never understood why women would want to shave, but she had wanted Julie whatever she did.

Kate reached out and pulled Julie back to the settee sitting between her legs, so that her legs were spread wide. 

Suddenly something primeval hit Kate. It was so beautiful. The lips of the pussy -- thin but sweet. The lips spread revealing the red, warm moist inner lips, the place where the cock would go. The "button" that was the clitoris, just waiting to be sucked. And totally unexpected -- she could see Julie's anus -- and it looked so sweet she could even play with that, with her lips. It seemed like ages that Kate took in all that was before her, and Julie covered her eyes in embarrassment as this women stared at her most private parts so lustfully. 

Kate at last whispered. "Look at me." Julie took her hands away, looked into Kate's eyes. Kate spoke again. "What a fabulous gorgeous cunt. My cunt..."

With that she leant forward to take ownership with her tongue, her mouth. Afterwards she thought she had "raped" Julie with her mouth and fingers. She had nibbled the lips, thrust her tongue in her pussy as deeply as she could, then ended up lapping at Julie's clit, while thrusting two, then three fingers into her pussy. She had tasted so amazing... Her body had responded fantastically.

For Julie it had been amazing. She didn't know how she lasted as long as she did, before she was screaming and moaning in orgasm, one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had, her body wrything uncontrollably as the tongue and fingers tormented her pussy and clit.

At last Julie had slumped back on the settee, Kate lifting away from between her legs. Somehow that moment had been everything and more than they had ever dreamt.

As Julie lay on the settee gasping for breath, Kate stood up and whispered "Watch me." 

Kate slowly began to take her clothes off. First she removed her blouse, revealing the black bra which held her boobs. She reached behind herself, undid the bra clip and let the bra fall off her arms. Her breasts fell out -- bigger than Julie's with darker nipples. Kate cupped her hand under one of her breasts, lifted it, whispering "You're going to be sucking this in a minute..."

Julie stared openly at the breasts, which she thought were amazing, then dropped her eyes to where Kate was undoing her jeans, and pushing them to the floor, then stepping out of them, leaving her in the panties that matched bra. Kate paused for a moment as Julie stared, then pushed her panties to the floor, standing naked for Julie to see, her black bush prominent to Julie's eye. Kate turned around to show off her muscled, taught ass, then turned again to face Julie. Julie was stunned -- of course she knew what a naked woman looked like, but had never been so close to a sexual naked woman. Close? Kate moved closer, then moved onto Julie, pushing her breast to her mouth. 

"Suck it, babe."

Julie was really tentative at first, but as she did things -- sucked, nibbled on the nipple, and Kate responded with moans, with her nipple hardening, so Julie became more confident. Kate moved her other breast to Julie's mouth, and Julie sucked. Hard.

It was only a few minutes before Kate raised herself, and pulled Julie onto the flat of the sofa, so she could take the next step. Kate did -- she climbed onto the sofa, putting her legs either side of Julie's head and pushed her pussy, her sopping wet pussy, onto Julie's face.

Up till that moment Julie had been frightened of this -- she knew she would be expected to, but didn't know if she could. She didn't know what she should do. But it was okay. The aroma was overpowering, but nice. She pushed out her tongue to taste the pussy at her mouth. It was good. Suddenly instincts took over. Suddenly she thought -- do to her what you like done to you.

Julie thrust her tongue hard into Kate's pussy, noting how sopping wet it was. She plunged, she let her tongue swirl around, until at last attacking the clitoris with her mouth. 

Julie knew she was doing something right -- Kate was moaning loudly, her body squirming, her juices seeming to flow over Julie's face. Suddenly Kate let out a long guttural moan, pushed her pussy hard onto Julie's mouth and her body began to shake violently. It was so violent that it scared Julie, but she continued to flick the clit until Kate cried "no more," and fell to the side gasping for breath.

As she did Kate pulled Julie to her, and they both cuddled and hugged each other as they tried to re-capture their breath.

Finally Kate opened her eyes, to see the younger woman smiling, her face damp and smeared with Kate's juices. She spoke to her gorgeous young lover. Her sexy hot gorgeous young lover. "Perhaps we had better shower, before we go to bed." 

The two women had chatted, showered, chatted some more before going to bed, together. It was odd -- they loved cuddling up close together, Kate behind Julie in a "spoon," her hand resting on Julie's breast, but they were both so tired from their love making and the new experience that had been so amazing, that they simply went to sleep. And slept soundly. Solidly.
