 I had just finished blow drying my hair when the power went out. I stood frozen for a second, my mind taking a second to process what had happened. One moment the blow dryer was humming, my music was blaring from the other room, then nothing. No noise, no lights. I was pitched into darkness. Thunder boomed outside suddenly and I screamed. My hand flew to my mouth quickly to muffle the noise but I closed my eyes tight until my heart stopped racing. 

I hated thunderstorms.

The rain itself wasn't so bad until it started pouring. Then I got a little uneasy. When I saw lightning I usually closed my eyes and tried to pretend I didn't see anything but when I heard the thunder...

The thunder was the worst.

My brain understood that thunder was just a sound. It couldn't physically hurt me. At the same time, it terrified me. The intensity of it was too much for me. It made me feel small and helpless.

A flash of lightning startled me into motion; I snatched up a robe and pulled it around myself as I ran into the bedroom. Thunder rumbled across the sky as soon as I closed the door. I threw my hands up over my ears, letting go of my robe. The silky fabric dropped open at the top, revealing my large breasts. When I was certain the thunder was gone I reached down to close my robe, then stopped.

Nobody was here to see anyway.

I laid down on my bed, picked up my phone, then tossed it down in frustration when I realized it had died some time ago. I automatically went for my charger, dropping my hands in defeat when I remembered the power was out. I pouted and sat up slowly, looking around in the dark.

Sometimes I hated living alone; nobody was here when I came home from work, dinner wasn't ready when I walked through the door exhausted from a long day. The small apartment was quiet and lonely.

Nobody to talk to meant lots of nights out on the town but I never brought anybody home. Everyone was either too drunk or too focused on getting in my pants or both and that never enticed me to bring somebody back.

Living alone also meant no sex. I had to handle that by myself. I would lay in bed, imagining someone whispering dirty words in my ear as they fucked me from behind, and play with my clit until I was moaning and moving my hips but the orgasm was never...sufficient. I always needed more right afterwards. I thought something was wrong with me, that I would never be satisfied.

Don't get me wrong, I'd definitely had sex before. At 21, I was no virgin. But the sex was always so basic. I got kissed and licked in all the right places. My pussy got wet like any other woman's would and I was fucked and eaten out like any other woman would be. It was nice... But it wasn't what I wanted.

I wanted to be bitten. I wanted my ass to be smacked over and over while my pussy was devoured like a last meal. I wanted my hair pulled, my throat squeezed. I wanted to be tied up, spanked, and forced to beg for my own orgasm. I wanted a certain ferocity that, frankly, I just couldn't find in anybody.

I moaned softly as my pussy started to throb. I laid back against my headboard and slid a finger between my pussy lips. Thinking about those things turned me on better than anything else. Turning my head, I looked at the mirror next to my bed; I liked to watch myself as I masturbated. It was dark but I knew what I was looking at. I was thick and curvy, with soft brown eyes and full lips. My breasts were large and my ass was round and although I didn't think I was that sexy, people offered me compliments everywhere I went so I guess subconsciously I knew I was attractive.

Long pink hair tumbled down around my shoulders as I shrugged off my robe. The fabric caressed my honey-brown skin as it slid off, pooling around my thick hips and phat ass.

My nipples got hard almost as soon as I touched them and I bit my lip. I stuck out my tongue and lifted my tit, my tongue rubbing against my hardened nipple slowly. My pussy was hot to the touch as I slid my fingertip into my slick hole. I moaned louder, now sucking on my large tit as hard as I could. My finger left my pussy and circled my clit. I gasped, arching my back slightly. Thunder crashed outside, shaking my windows, and my mood evaporated like steam. I threw a wild look at the glass; it shuddered in its frame then settled down. I laid my head back, breathing heavily from anxiety. My heart pounded in my chest.

Knock, knock, knock!

I startled and sat up quickly, grabbing the blanket to pull around myself. Then I realized the person was at the front door, not my bedroom door. I sighed and got out of bed.

Knock, knock, knock!

"I'm coming!" I called out, putting my robe back on and tying it tight so it wouldn't come undone.

I swept my hair back away from my face, breathed deeply, and let it out slowly. Opening my bedroom door I realized I hadn't lit any candles. I made my way over to the door carefully, feeling my way along until I felt the chain to the lock in my hands. I started to unlock it then paused; who would be knocking on my door like that? I looked through the peephole but the hallway was just as dark, if not darker, than my apartment.

"Who is it?" I demanded. My voice cut through the silence, making me wish I had whispered instead.

"Lola, it's Shane," the person replied, "From D-14? Are you okay?"

I smiled, unable to stop myself. Shane Gladen from D-14 lived two doors down from me. She had moved in a little after I did and I never wasted an opportunity to chat with her; she was funny and smart and I found her very sexy. She was a few inches taller than me, with a stocky build that made her look slightly intimidating up close. Her brown hair was long, like mine, but she chose to braid hers instead of wearing it down. Shane had full soft-looking lips that I wanted to kiss, and hazel eyes that were usually bright and cheerful. She was thick like me too, but she wore t-shirts and jeans instead of v-necks and skirts. She smiled a lot. Sometimes when she smiled at me, I felt shy. She always cheered me up, usually without realizing what she was doing.

Knock, knock, knock!

I snapped back to the present and unlocked the door. Shane Gladen shuffled her feet a little and I heard a sigh of relief.

"I thought maybe you'd left me to stand here in the hallway by myself," she said, a smile in her voice, "May I come in?"

"Of course." I stepped to the side and let her through the door. A faint vanilla scent followed her in. I breathed in deeply as I closed the door. It made me warm and happy inside. She took her shoes off and set them neatly by the t.v. Navigating my living room with ease, she found her way to the coffee table and set something down on it. I made my way over to join her but she surprised me by grabbing my hand and pulling me into a hug. 

"I heard you scream," she whispered into my ear, "Is there somebody here?"

I felt foolish for screaming so loud and shook my head.

"There's nobody here," I said in a low voice, "the thunder just scared me." As if to prove my point, a bright flash lit up the room. Two seconds later the thunder boomed overhead. I shivered against Shane and she hugged me tighter.

"It's okay," she whispered. I wanted to stay nestled against her forever but she pulled away when the thunder ebbed. I heard her rummaging through something, then the smell of pasta met my nose. My stomach growled. Shane chuckled and went into my kitchen. 

"Where do you keep your plates and glasses?" she asked. I made my way over to the smell and sat down on my couch.

"Plates, first cabinet bottom shelf. Glasses, same cabinet middle shelf."

I heard clinking, then she was next to me again. She set the plates down carefully and opened a container.

"Oh wait!" she exclaimed, setting everything down. I thought she wanted to say Grace but she just rummaged around until she found what she was looking for. "This should make it easier to see."

I heard a pop and a small flame appeared out of thin air. She used the match to light some candles she brought with her and set them along the coffee table. When she was done she smiled, turning to look at me. Her cheeks were dimpled. Shadows danced across her face from the candlelight.

"You brought me dinner?" I asked in disbelief.

"And a bottle of wine. I think I remember you drinking wine. Red, right?"

I nodded and she resumed opening her container of pasta.

"It's chicken alfredo," she said as she forked some onto my plate, "I was making it when the power went out. Had to finish making it in the dark." I cocked my head to the side, puzzled at her statement.

"How were you cooking with the power out?" I asked, "The stoves are electric." Shane looked at me mischieviously.

"I unplugged the electric stove and put in a gas range," she said in a low voice, "I run it on a tank of propane."

I looked at her in shock and started laughing. She laughed with me.

"What? I don't like paying so much for electricity. Gas is cheaper."

She handed me a plate loaded with linguine and chicken, waiting until I'd had a bite before eating hers. It was amazing.

"You made this?" I asked in disbelief.

"I did. Is it good?" she inquired hopefully.

"It's delicious! If I had known you could cook like this, I would ask you over for dinner every night!" I closed my eyes and relished the flavors. 

A cork popped. Wine flowed into a glass. Said glass found its way into my hand. I sipped it slowly; it was fruity and nutty at the same time and when I swallowed I tasted smoke and hints of black pepper.

We ate and talked. I told her about moving from Maryland to Washington D.C. and my new job in the local hospital. I told her about my family and my last ex. Shane listened, leaning closer when I told her about my ex. When I was done, she patted my leg.

"I'm sorry it ended that way," she murmured. I nodded and felt tears well up in my eyes. I wiped them away quickly and drank the last of my wine. I held the glass out to her and she took it, her fingertips grazing mine in the process. My skin tingled where she touched me. After she'd handed me my glass, now full, she told me about her life. How she was bullied as a kid, going through her parents' divorce, being the middle child and left out of everything. I drank my wine and listened, amazed that I had been living next to this person with so much life in them and finding out that they were like that despite the odds. Shane smiled at me.

"I wish I had stopped by here before tonight," she said, "You're very beautiful." I blushed and lowered my eyes. I felt warm and fuzzy from the wine. 

"Thanks for coming over," I replied, "Just because I screamed."

"I'm surprised nobody else stopped by," she said with a frown, "You could've actually needed help."

She turned her body so she was leaning against the arm of the couch and looked at me. The corners of her mouth pulled up into a smile once more.

I drank my wine, loving the soft velvety feel as it slid down my throat. The candlelight left half of her face in shadow but I felt her looking at me in a way that made my body ache for attention. My pussy throbbed and I squirmed, pressing my thighs together tightly.

Lightning flashed. I started to cover my ears, then stopped as I realized Shane was stroking my leg. She sat up, leaning so close to me I could feel her breath on my neck. My heart thudded in my chest. She sat there for a few seconds, her hand still caressing my leg.

Then she lowered her head and kissed my lips. I moaned softly, bringing my hand up to rest on her shoulder. Thunder rumbled outside. Her fingers traveled up my leg and under my robe, stroking my thigh. I shuddered, loving her touch and fearing the storm outside. 

Her lips were soft like I had imagined. They were full and warm and tasted like cinnamon.

I loved kissing her.

I let out a low cry when I felt her fingertips graze my pussy. Shane smiled down at me and kissed me harder.

Her mouth moved from mine and met my neck. She kissed my neck gently and I hesitated.

What if she was just into being gentle and soft?

I opened my legs purposefully and grabbed her hand, guiding it to my pussy. Shane snatched her hand away and startled me by grabbing my wrists. She put her face close to mine and growled at me.

"You get pleasure when I decide," she said in a low voice, pinning my hands over my head. I felt a thrill of terror run through me; she had changed so quickly, it was like she was a completely different person. She lowered her mouth to my shoulder and bit me. I cried out in pain and pleasure, squirming underneath her.

The wind rattled the windows, and thunder boomed.

Shane shifted, holding my wrists with one hand and using her free hand to open my robe fully. She gazed down at my body and smiled. One of the candles went out, plunging us into near darkness. I lay still, trembling with anticipation. Her lips touched my collarbone and I whimpered softly. Fingertips trailed up my inner thigh, making me moan louder.

"You like that?" she whispered into my ear. I 

nodded and turned my head, my lips seeking hers. She kissed me, then brushed her fingers against my panties. I pushed my hips up quickly, desperate to feel her against me. She put pressure on my clit and I moaned into her kiss.

My panties were all but ripped off and Shane cupped my pussy with her palm.

"You're so hot," she whispered into my ear, "I bet you're wet too. Are you wet Lola?" I nodded but she took her hand away. "Out loud," she ordered. She was so obviously in charge that I opened my mouth to speak immediately.

"I'm wet," I said softly. I was rewarded with a finger sliding between my delicate folds. Moaning, I moved my hips so her finger slid up and down between my pussy lips, first touching my clit then traveling down to my entrance.

Shane rubbed circles around it and chuckled when I whimpered in frustration.

"What's wrong?" she asked, still teasing my pussy. Her lips closed over my nipple and she sucked on it hard. I gasped at the sensation and licked my lips.

"P-Please," I begged, "Please... Fuck me." She bit the swollen nipple she was sucking on, making me cry out.

"Ask me nicely."

Her fingertip slipped into my pussy, never going past the entrance. I pushed my hips up, hoping to get her inside of me but she moved so her finger stayed exactly where it was.

I was soaked. I could feel my juices running out of my pussy and down between my ass cheeks.

I would have to get the stain out of the couch later.

"Come on," she coaxed, nibbling my shoulder and neck, "Ask me nicely." Her mouth on my neck and her finger almost inside me was distracting.

And she knew it.

She was toying with me, physically and 

emotionally. Making me cry out in anticipation, making me wait.

"Shane, will you please fuck me?" I blurted. My hands gripped her shoulders tightly and I gazed up at her, biting my lip in what I hoped was a sexy way. She kissed me.

Then her fingers entered me quickly, stretching me tight without giving me a chance to adjust. I screamed, throwing my hand up over my mouth to muffle the sound. Shane quickly grabbed my wrist with her free hand, pulling it away from my face.

"What are you doing?" I panted, the feeling of being filled up still running through my body. Then the feeling was gone; she had pulled out, leaving me feeling empty. "No," I whimpered, "Put them back in, please, I want you in me." I struggled to move my hands, intent on guiding her back to where I wanted her, but I couldn't move either of my arms. She had both of them pinned above my head.

"You are so sexy," Shane murmured, burying her face in my neck. She breathed in my scent and exhaled, then lifted her head.

The storm outside had gotten worse; rain poured down the windows in sheets, the lightning came more and more frequently, as did the thunder.

Then that feeling of my pussy being stretched tight was happening again and I couldn't stop myself from screaming out loud. Thunder crashed and my body tensed. My pussy tightened around her fingers and I screamed again. My back arched, my stomach tightened, and just like that, I came.

My orgasm hit hard and fast, making me cry out. 

She kissed and bit my lips while I came, savoring the effect it had on my body.

I felt dizzy. My body didn't respond to any commands. I breathed heavily and she pulled away to allow me more air.

I reached for her weakly when she moved away but she didn't notice; instead she took a moment to clear the coffee table of the mess we had made. I gradually regained my breath. I sat up and felt around myself; the couch was wet where I had been laying.

I never came so much in my entire life. The wind picked up again and I sat alone on the couch, waiting for Shane to return.

There was only silence, besides the storm outside.

"Shane?" I called out. No answer. I felt uneasy and thought about going to check on her. Then a hand wrapped around my throat. I screamed again, this time in fear, but it was drowned out by thunder. Teeth grazed my cheek. I grabbed the hand around my throat and tried to pull it away but it held stubbornly.

"Get up," Shane ordered, whispering into my ear, "Leave the robe." I did as she said, standing shakily and taking a moment to make sure I didn't fall over. She guided me into the bedroom, tossing me down onto the bed. "Spread your legs." Again I did as she told me, parting my thighs. They were still slick with cum. The bedroom was completely dark; no candles were lit and the no moonlight came into the window because of the storm.

"Shane?" I said nervously, "What's going on?" A finger was pressed to my lips, then she kissed me. She was gentle about it this time, without biting me. Something soft tightened around my wrists one at a time and I felt my heart flutter.

She was tying me up.

Shane put her hands on my thighs, spreading them wider until it almost hurt. Then she tied my ankles, to what I didn't know. Nothing happened for a few seconds. Then something warm and wet parted my pussy lips. I jerked at the sudden feeling and bit my lip to muffle my cry of protest.

"Your pussy tastes so good," she breathed. Her tongue parted my lips again, this time sliding up to flick across my clit. I moaned loudly and ground my pussy against her mouth. She obliged me, grabbing my hips and holding me in place while she licked and sucked on my clit, then started pushing her tongue into my pussy. 

I was being stretched out again, granted not as much, but it still felt amazing and I found myself riding her tongue. She pulled out and wrapped her lips around my clit, sucking on it carefully and licking it. I writhed in agonizing pleasure, begging her not to stop what she was doing. I felt a finger slide into my pussy and cried out loudly.

"Oh my God, Shane! Don't stop, don't you dare stop!"

She licked my pussy with the flat of her tongue, using long strokes from my entrance to my clit to drive me crazy.

"Yes," I moaned, struggling against my binds, "That feels so good!"

Shane reached up with her free hand and pinched my stiff swollen nipples. I panted, my chest heaving up and down. She slid another finger into me and ground her tongue against my clit, fucking me hard and deep while I screamed and struggled harder.

She was going to make me cum again and I was helpless to stop myself. A few seconds before I would've completely lost control, she stopped.

Again.

I cried out in frustration and tried to close my legs but my binds were strong and I stayed where I was. She was leaning over me, kissing me, while her hand was busy with something between my legs. I was surprised when I could move my legs freely again. She grabbed my hips and turned me face down and my legs were quickly rebound.

My arms were tied in such a way that I couldn't lift my upper body more than an inch or two off the bed but my ass was in the air for her to see.
