 I don't know what led me to the bar that night. I was in Atlanta on business and I just wanted to unwind so after a long hot bath I wandered downstairs. I had changed from my skirt and blouse into a pair of shorts and a loose fitting sleeveless top. My bare firm legs were still untanned thanks to the long cold winters at home New England and my skin had a natural alabaster color throughout. My dark hair hung down to my shoulders still wet and contrasted my light blue eyes nicely. I sat at the bar and ordered a merlot from the pretty blonde twenty-something girl behind the bar. She brought over my wine and told asked me if I wanted any thing to eat. I told her that would be nice and she handed me a menu. The bar was still pretty empty since it was only 7:00pm so after she got a beer for an older man at the other end of the bar she wandered back to take my order. After she put the order into the kitchen she came back to talk. We made idle conversation discussing her job and that I was in town all week for a training seminar.

"I guess I will be seeing you down here a lot, my name is Jessica," she stated with a smile.

"Hi Jessica I am Carol and you never know. I am usually not much of a drinker, but I hate being alone. After I talked to my husband and the kids I took a long hot bath and then came down here." I noticed that her eyes wandered slowly over my body as I was speaking, but I didn't really think anything of it.

Jessica told me that the bar may start filling up around eight but Mondays were usually a slow night. Since it was right at the airport, she said that a lot of the airlines put up their pilots and flight attendants there. "So there may be a few good looking men and women here later." She said matter-of-factly, but there was something about the way she emphasized the word women. Maybe it was just my imagination.

Jessica went to get my food and as I ate she stayed with me and we continued our conversation. She told me she was a student at a local college and lived with her boyfriend in an apartment just around the corner. Her boyfriend was an athlete at a different school and he was in Arizona for a basketball game. I told her that I traveled down to Atlanta about three times a year since the corporate headquarters were located here, but this was the first time at that I had stayed at this hotel. She asked me if it was tough being away from my family and I told her it was but sometimes it was nice to get away and relax.

"How long have you been married?"

"It will be twelve years this fall."

"Yea right, so like you were married when you were what sixteen." She said with a glimmer in her pretty green eyes.

"I wish. Add ten years and you would be closer to the truth, but thanks."

"No way, you look like you are thirty, tops. How many kids do you have?" She asked.

"Just one an eleven year old daughter."

"Wow that's great, I hope I have a body like you after I have kids." She said as her eyes lingered on the cleavage peering through the neckline of my shirt.

I felt my nipples stiffen under her gaze and my cheeks turned a bright crimson. "Was this young girl flirting with me," I wondered. I had never really thought about a woman in that way, but some harmless flirting couldn't hurt. Besides there was no one I knew in this place so maybe it would be fun. "Well lets not get ahead of ourselves, you are still very young, and you have a fantastic body." I replied to her. She was wearing a short black skirt and a white silk blouse. Through her blouse I could see a lacy bra and firm breasts that were much larger than my 36b. She was a few inches taller than me. Her 5'5" frame had about 145 curvaceous pounds, with full round hips, shapely tan legs, and a narrow waist.

"Thanks," she said as she lifted her arms and did a quick pirouet. "You like it huh."

"Who wouldn't, I bet you have to fight the guys off with a stick. The horny business men and pilots must be hitting on you constantly."

"You have no idea, but I have a boyfriend so I don't need anymore men in my life." She said, then shyly added "but a pretty woman like you, well that is a different story," as she reached across the bar and filled my wine glass finishing the bottle.

I was shocked by her brazen comment but decided to continue the game. "Are you trying to get me drunk Jessica?" I asked as a mischievous smile spread across my face.

"Would it help," she said as her fingers lightly touched my hand.

"Well it wouldn't hurt," I replied as her touch sent shivers through my body. I wondered why I had said that. Here I was a married woman allowing herself to be seduced by another woman. I tried to rationalize that the wine must be effecting me but the truth was that I found this pretty bar tender alluring.

I thought back to the few times I had seen women in passionate embraces. The thought intrigued me. I remembered the first time I saw two women kissing in public. It was ten years earlier when we took a family vacation to Cape Cod. We had traveled to Province Town and as we were walking down the main street there were two women kissing. One of the women was short and stocky with short gray hair and the other was a pretty woman in who looked to be in her early thirties. At the time I was shocked but that night as I thought back on it I found it titillating. A smile spread across my face as I though back and Jessica noticed.

"What are you thinking about with that mischievous grin on your pretty face," she asked.

"The truth, I was thinking about the first time I saw two women kissing," I said, not quite believing I had said it.

"Oh really and what did you think when you saw that?"

"I thought it was disgusting, intriguing and a total turn on."

"You mean you wouldn't mind if I did this," she said as she bent across the bar and kissed me lightly on the lips. I was slightly taken aback, but the kiss was soft, gentle and not at all unpleasant. My eyes closed and I returned the kiss.

"Mmmm, that was nice, " I said truthfully. I felt my nipples swell and a familiar tingle down between my thighs. Jessica smiled and asked me if I really wanted to continue this. I nodded and told her I did, I had never been with a woman before, but at that moment I wanted to explore the intense feelings I was experiencing.

"Good I'm glad you feel that was, because I was attracted to you the moment I saw you," she said sincerely.

I sat at the bar while Jessica called one of her coworkers and asked if she could work the bar that night. Thankfully the girl agreed and since she lived close by it was only a half hour before she showed up.

I took the elevator up to my floor and waited for Jessica as butterflies attacked my stomach. I began to get second thoughts but as I thought back to the sweet sensual kiss we shared only an hour before I knew I had to proceed. Jessica stepped off the elevator and kissed me again. This time she pulled me close and our bodies pressed deliciously together. I could feel the soft curve of her breasts against me. Jessica's leg slipped between my thighs and pressed against my pussy. I could feel her lips part and her tongue slid sensually along my teeth before I opened my mouth and allowed her to enter. Our tongues entwined and danced while Jessica's hands slid under the hem of my shirt and lightly touched my bare skin. I let out a soft moan at her electric touch as our passion increased. My hands began to tentatively explore the silky fabric covering her back as we kissed like two teenagers. I could the wetness begin to soak my panties. I finally peeled myself away from her luscious lips and led her to my room.

I opened the door and Jessica slid my shirt over my head before the door was even closed. She then quickly slid my shorts and panties off in one motion leaving me standing with just a white lace bra and a pair of Nike tennis shoes. She directed me over to the bed while she unfastened my bra. I nervously kicked off the tennis shoes and sat on the bed. "Now you," I said.

She smiled and slowly pealed off her silk blouse and her big sexy bra releasing her enormous breasts. They were a full 38d, nicely shaped with large brown areola and thick nipple that were nearly an inch long. I gasped as she ran her fingers over them and pinched her own nipples before sliding her hands down her flat stomach. She slipped the skirt over her full round hips leaving her standing naked before me.

"You weren't wearing panties, you naughty girl you," I said as a big bright smile spread across my face.

"Never do, never know when you might want a beautiful woman to have easy access."

"So this seduction was you plan when you left for work today huh."

"Not planned, but certainly a pleasant surprise, now shut up and kiss me," she said as she lowered her mouth to mine. Her naked body descended upon mine. Her warm flesh felt wonderful as her leg slipped between my thighs and our hips began to grind together. I moaned into her mouth as out lips locked in a torrid kiss. I could feel her leg grow slick as my juices coated her with a slippery coating. My hands began to explore her soft womanly flesh. My hands moved to her soft full breasts and I played with her long hard nipples causing her to moan and grind her hips hared against my swollen sex. Our tempo increased and soon my legs began to quiver as I felt my first orgasm approach. My breathing became quick and I broke our kiss. My mouth attached to the nape of her neck and I muffled a scream on her soft flesh.

Jessica slid down my body and began to kiss and lick my small round breasts. Her hands caressed my exposed ribs as she continued to worship my aching bosom. I had never felt so completely adored as I felt in this pretty young woman's arms. She kissed her way down the gentle curve of my tummy stopping to slip her tongue inside my quivering navel. I whispered words of encouragement when the sweet young woman settled between my legs and blew lightly on my slick wet folds. I felt a surge of wetness before she lowered her mouth to my waiting sex. Her touch was perfection, just the right amount of pressure and suction bringing me quickly to the brink of orgasm. Her tongue slipped between my lips and began to rhythmically stroke my engorged clit. I shuddered with a second small tremor, but Jessica wasn't done yet. Her tongue dove deep inside my soft wet folds and searched out every drop of my juices. Another wave began deep in my stomach and circled outward overtaking my entire body. She slid two fingers inside me and began to pump them furiously while her mouth moved up to play with my swollen clit. My hands held her head close running through her thick blonde curls. My body was overtaken by a powerful orgasm as I breathlessly yelled out my new lovers name.

Jessica slithered her way up my quivering body and kissed me deeply. I could taste my juices on her full pouty lips. I weakly kissed her but her kisses slowly revived me. With renewed passion I whispered to my beautiful young lover that I wanted to make her feel good.

"You already have," she said sweetly.