 Note to readers. We met online and decided to write this story together. We alternated writing sections so in places it might not flow as well as it could. But we hope you like it. Dawn & Linda

*****

Chapter 1

"So it's a bet?" Dawn smiled to Rebecca, her BFF since junior high school. The two were inseparable for so many reasons. As all the guys in Dawn's life came and went, Rebecca was her constant, and vice-versa. They joked around with each other on any number of things, and often made friendly bets.

Rebecca emptied her glass and shuttered. "OK. Flip the coin."

Dawn and Rebecca had gone to Atlantic City for a weekend of R & R. For gambling, partying, relaxing, drinking, and getting laid if they found the right guys. As their weekend was coming to a close they'd had a great time in most ways, but hadn't seen any guys worthy of them. Both girls were beautiful and sexy with very high standards when it came to men. This weekend no guy had appealed to either of them.

But as they drank, rather than simply return home Dawn had proposed a bet to Rebecca. "Let's flip a coin. Loser has to seduce and sleep with whoever sits in the empty chair at the end of the bar."

"What? No way! You must be drunk. That's crazy! What if it's a 90 year old alcoholic?"

"Doesn't matter. And I'm not THAT drunk. Just trying to liven up our weekend."

"What if they weigh 500 pounds and are ugly as a troll?"

"Doesn't matter. Anyone!"

That was when Rebecca finished her drink and said, "OK. Flip the coin. I call heads."

Dawn hesitated. She'd only been bluffing and had never expected Rebecca - who was
conventional, slightly shy, and in many ways inhibited both in general and in particular when it came to guys - to agree. But Rebecca had called her bluff. Dawn had no choice but to take it the next step. Surely Rebecca would soon tell her to stop.

With a forced smile Dawn slowly took out a coin, expecting Rebecca to stop her at any time. Rebecca in turn didn't want Dawn to think she was a chicken, so she bit her lip, sure that Dawn would call a halt to their bet. Finally, Dawn couldn't stall any longer and flipped the coin. And froze.

Rebecca looked, giggled, laughed, and then whooped with laughter. Breathing a sigh of relief, she exclaimed, "OK, miss smarty pants, you lost! You better hope a handsome stud sits down on that bar stool. You're so hot looking you never have any trouble seducing anyone, no matter how sexy they are. But I'm hoping for a 500 pound troll... a 90 year old 500 pound troll! And I get to watch you pick him up!"

Dawn waited nervously, fingering her drink. She had no choice. A bet was a bet. And she couldn't lose face to her best friend. So she would do it. Dawn watched...until at last she saw someone take the empty seat. As the figure turned Dawn saw that ... it was a girl!!



Chapter 2



"A girl!" shrieked Rebecca. "OMG. This will be even better than I had hoped for! So much better! Dawn, the ultra sexy temptress, the sexiest girl in our old high school, now the sexiest girl in our entire town, the one who beds any guy she chooses, who fucks guys and throws them away for sport. She has to seduce a girl! This is too much!" 

Dawn was in shock. "But... but... we never agreed... I never thought that..."

Rebecca interrupted. "You said 'whoever', not 'the next man'! How awesome that Dawn, the sexy man eater, has to seduce and have sex with a girl! OMG!" 

Rebecca was now laughing so hard she was having trouble staying on her bar stool. She figured she would have some fun with her buddy before Dawn would back out of the bet.

"Think of it as a challenge. You're so sexy you can seduce any man, any time. For you it's so simple - if you even glance in a guy's directions, he comes running, hoping for a chance to get into your panties. Begging, willing to do anything. But now you have to be the seducer of a girl! Now you have to figure out how to get into HER panties! You're the sexiest woman I've ever met - but are you sexy enough to seduce another woman?"

Seeing Dawn turn red Rebecca decided to really have fun with her. "The girl who sat down on that chair is pretty, at least. Really, really pretty! So you a least get to seduce a pretty girl. Take a look at her face. Won't kissing her be fun? You've kissed a couple of girls, right?"

"Well, sort of, but we were in bars and I was drunk so that doesn't..."

"But you've done it, right? And take a look at her tits. Do you like tits that big? Or would you prefer smaller tits?"

At these questions Dawn opened her mouth and stared at Rebecca in shock!

But Rebecca continued. "I'm sure you'll put that beautiful open mouth of yours to good use on her tits."

Dawn quickly closed her mouth, getting redder by the minute.

"And her pussy. Which of you will go down on the other first? Which will you like more - eating pussy or getting eaten? But I'll bet her good looks will make seducing her really difficult. I'm sure she fights off guys all the time. How will you seduce a girl, anyway? I've seen you seduce guys many times, but will your sexiness, all your ploys, work on a beautiful girl? Guys are so easy for you. Too easy, really. What will you do to seduce a girl? You can't just walk up to her and say, 'Hi. Want to fuck?'"

Dawn listened to Rebecca in shock, motionless, frozen, trying to figure out a way she could get out of the bet. Until several guys caught her attention. They were all looking at the attractive woman who had just sat down at the end of the bar.

"Dawn, see those guys looking at her? You better move quickly. You have to beat those guys for her. There's only one seat left. To get into her panties you'll have to be a better stud than any of those guys! Convince that girl she'd rather fuck a pussy than a cock! Or will you admit you can't compete with guys when it comes to picking up and seducing a woman? I'll understand if you back out."

As she put up with Rebecca's taunts Dawn felt like kicking herself. "How did I get myself into this," she thought. "I wouldn't have minded a fling with a random guy, but I sure don't want to pick up a girl. Anyway, I don't know the first thing about picking up woman, let alone seducing or making love to one. But it would be fun to taunt Rebecca back. To pretend to try to pick up the woman, just to mess with Rebecca and get back at her for teasing me." 

Dawn looked again at the woman at the end of the bar. "Wow, she's gorgeous, and now that I'm really looking, she's sexy too," And Dawn thought to herself: "Surely that beautiful girl will tell me to get lost, letting me off the hook. Maybe even slap me for trying to pick her up. That would really let me of the hook with Rebecca."

Dawn finished the rest of her drink for courage and made her way to the end of the bar. "Is this seat taken?" Dawn asked the girl.


Chapter 3.

The beautiful woman seemed startled to hear a female voice, but looked up and smiled at
Dawn, looking her over. "No, please sit down. And please let me show my thanks to you for saving me from those geeky guys by buying you a drink."

"I'd like that, thank you" Dawn said. Her heart was beating so hard she was afraid the girl could hear it. God she was nervous, feeling out of her element. Men were so easy to manipulate and seduce. But a woman, and a gorgeous one at that, she just wasn't sure how to go about doing this. And Rebecca was watching, so she had to try. She had to engage her in conversation for a few minutes before the woman rebuffed her - and maybe even threw a drink in her face for trying to pick her up. But probably she'd just politely say "no thanks" and Dawn could stop the game. "My name is Dawn. It's nice to meet you." 

"Hello. Nice to meet you also. My name is Linda." Linda thought was Dawn was hot, and noticed that her eyes were already sneaking peaks at her cleavage. Her lips looked so kissable, and Linda thought her vacation was getting better by the minute. The two women sat and had a drink, laughing and really enjoying each other's company.

Rebecca watched from her seat. At first she thought it was funny seeing Dawn sweat. Dawn trying to pick up a girl - it was too much! But then it started to look like Dawn and the other woman were having a good time. At first Rebecca was sure Dawn was going to go through with it, but now she wasn't sure. Rebecca could see them lean close to each other at times, and she saw the other woman put her hand on Dawn's knee as they talked.

Rebecca didn't know why, but she didn't like it very much. She never felt this way when Dawn was with a guy! What was the emotion she felt when she saw the woman's hand on Dawn's knee? Was it guilt that she had help put Dawn into a position where another girl was laying a hand on her? Fear that her lifelong BFF might like the woman more than she liked her? Rebecca felt confused, and waited for Dawn to back out of their bet, hoping she would do so quickly.

Time passed and Linda and Dawn were having a good time getting to know each other. Dawn's nerves were much more at ease now, and the more she got to know Linda, the more she liked her. Surprisingly, when she felt Linda's hand on her knee, she didn't feel repulsed. Dawn thought to herself that Linda must be gay or bi - and this relaxed her because this made her task simpler. She was now sure she wouldn't offend Linda if she tried to pick her up. Besides, she wasn't sure if it was Linda, the drinks, the bet, or what, but she felt herself becoming more and more at ease in the company of this girl. 

Dawn was still playing a game, trying to win the bet and show up Rebecca. But as she stared at Linda's mouth she thought how it wouldn't be so terrible to kiss those lovely lips. She could always change her mind. But suppose - just suppose - she left the bar with the woman? That would freak out Rebecca in the extreme. And she could always back out before she went any further with Linda. That was her plan - just a kiss and leave holding hands, to freak out Rebecca, and then nothing more.

"It's starting to get late, but to be honest, I don't really want our night to end just yet. Do you think we could go somewhere alone for a while?" Dawn asked Linda.

"I was thinking the same thing. And I know the perfect place. I have a room here at the hotel. Would you like to come join me for a nightcap, and maybe get more comfortable than being here on these hard chairs?" Linda said.

"I'd love to. Lead the way ma'lady," Dawn said with a laugh. She quickly looked over at Rebecca as they stood up. She secretly caught Rebecca's eye and gave her a wink, then turned to Linda. She gave Linda a light kiss as she walked out with her, arm in arm. She heard Rebecca gasp as they left.

Chapter 4.

"Omg!" thought Rebecca, "she's really leaving with that girl!" What started out as a joke quickly turned into something else, and right now Rebecca wasn't sure how she felt about it. She sighed to herself as she saw the two women leaving the bar and head for the elevators. The only thing she knew for sure was that this was going to be a long night and she didn't think she would be getting much sleep. Suddenly she heard her phone beep, letting her know she got a text. It was from Dawn.

"Omg girl, this woman is so hot!! Don't wait up n I'll c u at the room 2mrow...I hope...lol." Rebecca replied "ok" and "be careful and have fun" because she didn't know what else to say. Was Dawn serious, or playing a game with her? She wondered why it bothered her so much that Dawn went off with Linda, arm in arm. And that kiss...

Rebecca didn't get much sleep that night and thought the morning would never come. Finally she heard the door leading from their room into the hall open. She pretended to be asleep. She heard Dawn coming into the bedroom, and then she felt and heard Dawn jumping on her bed and screaming.

"Rebecca wake up!! OMG you won't believe this!!" Dawn shrieked happily. "I swear that was by far the best sex of my life!! The best night of my life! Will you get up now so I can tell you all about it!" Dawn was babbling in an urgent tone while slapping Rebecca on her rear.

"Ouch!" yelled Rebecca. "Ok, ok I'm up now. All right, I'm listening, so tell me." She didn't mean to yell, and hoped Dawn didn't pick up her sarcastic tone. But she also couldn't help seeing that Dawn's face glowed.

"Okay, first - her name is Linda. I was so nervous at first, but when we went to her room, she poured us a drink and first we just talked and talked as if - I know it's a cliché, but still - it was as if we'd known each other for years. Then she put on some music and asked me to dance. Oh god, I never had such an erotic feeling dancing with a guy. I can't begin to describe it, but dancing with Linda was like ... wow! She held me close and our bodies just molded together. The way she moved against me had me weak in the knees!"

"Then her hands started moving up and down my back, and before I knew it she kissed me! It was the sweetest kiss at first, and her lips were so soft. No scratchy stubble, just softness, and she didn't try to jam her tongue down my throat. It was like our tongues were dancing too!" 

Then Dawn paused. Staring at her oldest friend, she paused. "Rebecca - do you want to hear what happened next? I don't want to gross you out. If you're getting disgusted just let me know and I'll stop."

Rebecca stared at the excited Dawn with new eyes. Did she want to know more? Yes, and no. Of course she wanted to know what happened next. But a part of her was afraid to know. Afraid for all kinds of reasons, not all of which she could understand. "Please... continue."

"The kiss got deeper and more intimate - like no kiss has ever done before. Linda had me wet before we even got started! When we did get to bed, this girl knew how to make me feel like I've never felt in my life! She made me come just by sucking my nipples and tits! Can you believe that! That's never happened to me!"

"Rebecca, I swear she kissed and licked every inch of me, and when she ate my pussy I thought I was gonna faint! No man has EVER eaten me like that. She made me come at least three times ... I think I lost count... by eating me. I had to pull her away to stop her before I passed out. Any guy I've been with just licks a little then sticks it in. But this woman was all about pleasing me, and wow did she ever! I've never thought about being with women before, but this was the best thing ever - way better than I can describe. I'm a changed girl!"

Rebecca listened, and the more Dawn told her, the more she thought of Dawn in a new way. A sexual way. She found herself wishing it was her that made Dawn feel so good,

rather than Linda. "What if I started kissing Dawn now? Wait - why would I even ask myself that?" 

"I was so nervous at first when I knew I was going to go down on Linda, but when I started kissing her and then moved to her tits, it just seemed to come naturally. It was such a turn on hearing the noises she was making because of what I was doing to her! And when I got to her pussy, OMG! She was so wet, and knowing I made her that way really got me off. I wasn't at all sure if I'd like licking pussy, but since I've tasted myself, I thought - how different could it be? And it was similar. She smelled so good I just couldn't resist, and when I made her come it actually made me come! Can you believe that!"

Dawn kept going on and on enthusiastically about the whole night. After Dawn proclaimed, "Sex with another girl was indescribable. I'll never have anything to do with dicks again!" Rebecca could see that Dawn had had a life changing experience. Rebecca thought to herself that she was sad that she wasn't part of it. Was Dawn in love with Linda? Suddenly Rebecca felt jealous of Linda, for taking her best friend from her. It looked like she'd lost her BFF, and she felt horrible about that.


Dawn noticed the look on Rebecca's face and stopped talking. She asked Rebecca what was wrong. Dawn thought that maybe telling her BFF about her lesbian experience had turned her off, and she was afraid they wouldn't be best friends anymore. This scared Dawn. Silently Dawn said to herself: "I've just discovered that the best, most intimate and unbelievable sex ever is with another woman. If only there was some way to share my discovery with my very best friend. Without scaring her away. The poor thing doesn't know what she's been missing."


Rebecca looked at Dawn sadly, and stammered: "It seems you and Linda had a great time. I suppose you'll be seeing a lot more of her from now on. I don't know why, but it bothers me! For some reason, I feel, I feel ... jealous I think!"

Dawn smiled and felt relieved. "Don't get me wrong, I would love to see more of Linda, but she lives in another state and is in a different stage of life from me. It was strictly a one time thing. She was here for a fling. Yes, we had an incredible evening, and I'll forever be grateful to her. But we decided to just become friends. We exchanged emails and phone numbers to stay in touch. She's really experienced with women, so I thought she could be someone I could talk to about things if I needed to - as I start dating girls... Wait! Did you just say you felt jealous?"

Dawn stared silently at Rebecca. Rebecca stared back, with an intensity that came from an unknown place. After several minutes of silence Rebecca reached out and placed her hand on Dawn's hand. Slowly she brought Dawn's hand up to her heart, without breaking eye contact. "Dawn, I feel jealous because... because I... I love you. 

Rebecca trembled until Dawn replied, "I love you too. I've always loved you."

Dawn slowly moved her head forward, inch by inch, until her lips were close to Rebecca's. First came an experiment - a light kiss. Which Rebecca turned into a passionate embrace. Which was soon followed by Dawn kissing Rebecca's neck and then pulling off her nightie and panties. And then gently teasing, and then licking and even worshipping her breasts. Finally, after many minutes of licking almost every part of her beautiful body, Dawn worked her way down to Rebecca's pussy. Rebecca came within seconds. But Dawn kept licking. Back and forth, then with her mouth around Rebecca's clit, sucking until Rebecca came so violently, with so much thrashing, Dawn thought she might be having a seizure.

Afterwards, as Rebecca slowly recovered, she whispered to Dawn, "You were right. No more dicks for me either. Because sex with girls is so much better. Unbelievably better. That was the best I've ever come. You're incredible. Maybe it was so fantastic because I love you." 

Then Rebecca sat up and started to bend her head down towards Dawn's pussy. But Dawn pulled her head upwards and kissed her. "You need to rest. Maybe that's enough for now." 

But Rebecca said, "I want to show you how much I love you." 

"I know you love me", replied Dawn."

"But... I'm not sure you understand what I really mean. When I say 'I love you'... I don't mean it in the sense that I meant it when I said it to you way back in high school. I don't mean what girlfriends usually mean when they say it to each other. I mean..."

"I know. You mean it like when a boy says it to a girl."

"No. NO! That's not it at all. Boys usually say it to a girl just to get into her pants. It usually doesn't mean much. And I don't think a boy could ever feel like I do because no boy could ever be as close to you as I am right now. What I feel for you is so much more intense than I've ever felt for a guy, so much more passionate, so much more wonderful.

It's so much more intimate than what any guy could ever feel. It's more like - but much better than ... I can't think of the words... Maybe a boy could feel a tiny bit of what I'm feeling when he wants to ask a girl to marry him!"

Dawn's eyes opened wide. After a long pause, she asked, "Are you asking me to marry you?"
