 Riley adored her girlfriend, Katherine. Katie was one of those fiery, intelligent, gorgeous girls that are completely aware of their charm. Usually, she was quite sweet, but for the past week she had been nothing but snarky and disagreeable. Riley didn't know what had gotten into her, but she certainly wasn't going to let it continue. Katie needed an attitude adjustment and Riley was going to be the one to give it to her. 

The two had played at power games before, using it to spice up their sex life on occasion. Tonight was going to be different. It wasn't going to be a little game they played. Riley was going to show Katie what happened when you were a snarky bitch and pushed your girlfriend around all week. Earlier that day, Riley went out and bought two different types of restraints. One set was a pair of leather cuffs that could be attached to the bedposts while the other was a pair of handcuffs made out of thick, black silk rope. She planned on using both to prove her point tonight.

When Katie came home from work, Riley could hear the sound of her heels on the hard wood floor. She had always thought that was a sexy sound and could just envision what she was about to do to her girlfriend.

"Katie, can you come here? We need to talk."

"I just got home. Can you wait until I change? Or at least until I take my shoes off," Katie huffed.

"No. I want to talk to you now. Come here."

Katie walked into the living room where Riley was sitting on the couch. She stood expectantly in front of her with her arms crossed in front of her chest. Riley could feel the annoyance radiating off of her.

"Well, you called me in here. I'm here. What do you want to talk about?"

"That attitude is what I want to talk about. I don't know what the fuck has gotten into you, but you've been a bitch all week. I don't appreciate it and you're going to knock it off right now."

"Don't you dare talk to me like that, Riley."

"I'll talk to you how I want. If you don't want to be talked to like this, then maybe you shouldn't be a bitch. You've walked all over me this week and I'm going to show you exactly what that gets you."

"Oh, fuck you, Riley."

"Believe me, babe, you'll get that chance when I'm done with you."

While Katie stood there and tried to comprehend what was about to happen, Riley stood up, grabbed her roughly, and crushed her mouth against hers. As Katie resisted, Riley knotted her fingers in her long, dark hair and bit her lip before pulling away. Gasping, Katie just stared at her with an apprehensive look in her eyes.

"Go to the bedroom. Now."

Obediently, if only somewhat hesitantly, Katie walked to their bedroom and stood in front of the bed. Riley came in behind her and smirked as Katie eyed the restraints on the bed. They were a lot different than the pretty silk scarves they had used before.

"Take off your clothes. Leave on your heels and panties," Riley said commandingly.

Katie did as she was told and stood in front of Riley wearing nothing but her black lace panties and fuck me heels. While she still looked apprehensive, the desire could be seen in her eyes. Stepping closer to her, Riley eyed her appreciatively before reaching out to pinch one of Katie's noticeably hard nipples.

"What the fuck," Katie yelped.

"We're about to play a game. A game where I am going to do whatever I want to you and you're going to take it and like it. You know why you're going to like it? Because you want to be put in your place."

Katie's face reddened, but she said nothing. After a few moments, she hung her head and her dark hair fell into her face. Riley knew that she had already won, but that wasn't going to stop her from having her fun with Katie.

"Get on the bed. Lay on your stomach."

As Katie did what she was told, Riley tied a blindfold around her eyes. Next, she fastened Katie's hands to the bedposts with a leather cuff around each delicate wrist. Stepping back to admire her work, Riley couldn't help but enjoy the sight of her gorgeous girlfriend blindfolded, face down, and bound to their bed. Removing her own clothes, Riley sat on the bed beside her girlfriend and ran the tips of her fingers up the back of her leg and along her inner thigh. Aroused, Katie tried to arch her body against Riley's hand, but Riley quickly pulled away. With a loud smack, she brought her hand down against Katie's ass.

"You will not do that again, Katie. I am in charge. If I want to touch your pussy, I will do so when I'm ready. Until then, you are to lay here and be still. If you don't do what you're told, you will be spanked again. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, master," Katie whispered.

"What was that? I couldn't hear you."

"Yes, master," Katie said more loudly than before.

"Good girl."

Riley then began to trace the curves of her body slowly and softly. Occasionally, she would drag her nails down Katie's back watching her tense up in pleasure and squirm against her restraints. Stretching out beside her, Riley rubbed her breasts against Katie's soft skin before climbing on top of her. Placing one of Katie's legs between her own, Riley rubbed her pussy against her. Then she grabbed a fistful of Katie's hair and used it to turn her face sideways, exposing her neck. Riley began to kiss her back, shoulders, and neck all while rubbing her own pussy up and down Katie's leg.

As Katie's breathing quickened, Riley began to bite and suck harder, leaving dark marks on her pale skin. Riley slipped her hand underneath Katie's stomach and reached down to her pussy where she could feel her wetness soaking through her panties.

"You're so wet. You're loving this. Do you enjoy being face down, pet?"

"Yes! I mean, yes, master."

"You behave so nicely when you know who's in charge. I wish you could see how sexy you look in this position," Riley whispered into her ear.

Katie's response was to grind her hips against Riley's hand and moan. Determined to teach her a lesson, Riley removed her hand and brought it down hard against Katie's ass for a second time leaving her with a glowing red handprint.

"I told you I would touch you when I was ready. You clearly couldn't wait like a good girl. Do you know what happens to bad girls?"

"Th-they get punished."

"That's right, pet. They get punished. It seems to me that you like it since you keep misbehaving."

"I'm sorry, master. I just want you to touch me so bad..."

"Normally, I would be happy to oblige, but you've been a little bitch this week. You'll just have to wait until I think you deserve it."

Tightening her grip on Katie's hair, Riley began to grind her pussy against her. Enjoying every second of it, Riley moved faster and faster knowing that Katie could feel her wetness and do nothing about it. Finally, Riley removed the blindfold and began unfastening the restraints on Katie's wrists. Eagerly, Katie rolled over and tried to sit up, but Riley pushed her back down on the bed and grabbed the rope cuffs off the nightstand. She then looped one end over Katie's wrist and proceeded to slip it around one of the slats in the headboard before securing her other wrist.

"Did you think I was letting you up? I just wanted you to be able to watch me play with myself."

With that, Riley rested her head against Katie's chest and began to play with her own clit. As her breathing sped up, she slid her fingers into her pussy and began to finger herself and tease her nipples. Katie strained to press against her, desperate to touch and be touched. Riley removed her wet fingers from her pussy and slid them up Katie's stomach before stopping to play with her breasts. Just as Katie began to pant, Riley returned her fingers to her own pussy and began to furiously rub her clit. She could feel her orgasm roll through her body as her back arched in pleasure and her toes curled.

Pausing long enough to catch her breath, Riley shoved two fingers into Katie's mouth and began working them in and out.

"Suck them clean, pet."

Katie did as she was told and sucked them clean, bobbing her head up and down excitedly. While Katie sucked on her fingers, Riley used her other hand to rub Katie's clit through her panties. 

"Mmmaster..." Katie moaned around the fingers in her mouth.

"Yes, pet," Riley replied as she removed her fingers from Katie's mouth.

"I know I've been bad this week and I promise it won't happen again. Please let me make it up to you."

"How do you plan on making it up to me?"

"I want to touch you and please you."

"I need more details, pet."

"I want to explore your body with my mouth. And then I want to bury my fingers inside you. I don't want to stop until you're completely satisfied..."

Smirking, Riley climbed on top of Katie and straddled her hips. Then she leaned forward and released Katie's hands from their restraints. As soon as she was free, Katie pulled Riley toward her and began kissing whatever bit of her body that she could reach. Her mouth found Riley's collarbone and then her nipples before she pushed her onto her back. Katie began working her way down Riley's body kissing and nipping at her flesh. Finally, she settled herself between Riley's spread legs and planted a few kisses on her inner thigh. As Riley's legs quivered, Katie leaned in and flicked her tongue against her clit. Katie wanted to take her time, but Riley had other plans and grabbed a handful of her hair and pushed Katie's face into her pussy.

Without hesitating, Katie ate her out like she'd never done before. As Riley's moans grew louder, Katie slipped two fingers into her pussy and began working them in and out as fast as she could while sucking her clit into her mouth. Riley's second orgasm hit hard and left her breathless. She grabbed Katie and pulled her up until their mouths met and kissed her hotly. Their tongues swirled around each other as their hands cupped and squeezed at whatever flesh filled them.

"I think you've earned yourself a reward, pet. Would you like me to touch you?"

Katie's only response was to roll onto her back and spread her legs wide. Riley grabbed her panties and pulled them off of her, exposing Katie's dripping wet pussy. Tauntingly, Riley ran a finger up and down her pussy and played with her wetness. As she watched Katie bite her lip, Riley slipped one finger inside her and began toying with Katie.

"Baby, please. Please just fucking finger me. I can't take this anymore."

All too happy to comply, Riley added two more fingers to Katie's pussy and began pounding them in and out of her. There was no gentleness, only desire as their bodies writhed against each other.

"God, you're so wet. I bet you're ready to cum. Cum for me, baby. Be a good girl," Riley whispered into Katie's ear. 

That was all it took to send Katie over the edge. Her entire body shook from pleasure as her orgasm rocked her entire body. The two collapsed against each other as they tried to get their breathing under control. Katie snuggled up against Riley and they lay wrapped in each other's arms.

"Baby," Katie mumbled.

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry for the way I've been acting. I've been awful..."

"I think you've made up for it."

"Really?"

"Yeah, but if you act that way again you know exactly what's going to happen to you, right?"

Katie nodded and kissed her lips softly before laying her head back down.

"Baby," Katie whispered one more time.

"What is it now, babe? I forgive you."

"It's just that I was thinking. Maybe we could use the restraints again...even if I haven't been a bad girl..."