 The following week I rode my bike to the next appointment with my psychologist, Irene. I was wearing a skirt with no panties. My heart raced. It wasn't just the hills I was climbing either. I was excited to see her and was already wet in anticipation. I got to Irene's office early and pretended to look at the magazines. Finally Irene peeked her head out into the waiting room and said,

"Hi Carrie, come on in."

God, just seeing her made me feel so alive and horny. Irene was dressed in a black skirt, white blouse and black heels. I wanted to jump her fucking bones. Her soft auburn hair fell across her shoulders in such a beautiful way. Her full lips were red and her beautiful brown eyes were lined with long thick eyelashes.

Irene walked over and grabbed my hand.

"Last week we had a really difficult session. How are you holding up?"

I replied, "I am embarrassed. I can't believe I did that."

Irene said "Let's see if we can overcome that embarrassment."

With that she reached down and flicked my nipple through my shirt. I gasped. (I can't believe we are starting so fast!!) I started to swoon and she guided me toward the couch.

"Here, have a seat before you fall."

I sat on the couch breathing very hard and feeling like my cunt was the whole world. All I could think about was the intense throbbing in my pussy. It made me want to rip all my clothes off and attack her. Irene must have sensed this because she instructed me to take a deep breath and slow down. So I did. I took a deep breath.

"Are your nipples sensitive Carrie?"

"Ummm, yeah I guess when you touch them they are."

"Good."

She reached up under my shirt and brushed under my right nipple. I arched my back. She gave it a little pinch and twist and I gasped again arching even more. She kissed the side of my neck and ran her tongue up behind my ear. I couldn't help it, I reached out and cupped her breast. She immediately pulled away.

"Carrie, this is for you not me. We are trying to break down your shame and your embarrassment. I want you to keep your hands off of me while we work. Is that clear?"

I pulled back. I felt hurt and almost like I had been slapped. I started to cry. Irene grabbed my chin and wiped the tear on my face with her finger. She assured me that it's okay. She was doing this for my own good. She told me to lie back and open my legs a little. So, I did. Irene reached back up my shirt and under my bra and flicked my nipple. I was back in heaven. I thrust my hips forward.

She then ran her hand down my stomach and to the top of my skirt. She slid her hand under the waist band and tickled my pubic hair a little. I sat forward and said

"Irene I am going crazy. I can't take this."

She pushed me back and said

"I know this is difficult but you have to trust me and you have to do what I say. Please Carrie, please just relax."

I laid back again and she ran her hand up my thigh. I was bucking and thrusting. She ran her finger around the inside of my cunt. I was so worked up that I thought I was going to explode right then and there.

Irene said "Normally I move slower than this but you are really worked up today. "

All I could think was 'Normally? Who else does she do this with?'

She took her thumb and started rubbing my hard clit. My ass was off the couch trying to engulf her hand into my cunt. She took three fingers and shoved them into my pussy and I damn near screamed.

"Oh Irene. Oh please.... please.... I think I am going to cum."

She started to move her fingers in and out of my sopping cunt. I was moaning and thrusting. I felt an odd pressure and before I knew it I felt her whole hand stretch my wet pussy wide open. I felt her fingers tickle my cervix. I was spread so wide my clit was popping out of my lips and I was having trouble breathing. She turned her hand this way and that and I could feel her rough knuckles sliding around the inside of my cunt. It was unbelievable. My legs were up in the air and I started to pull them toward my shoulders. She leaned forward and pressed her shoulders under my knees in order to help me open my legs further.

In the back of my mind I could not comprehend that I was lying on my psychologist's couch with her WHOLE hand in my cunt while my knees were pressed against my shoulders. As she moved her hand around I could hear the squishing wetness of my cunt. I could hear the rhythmic smack of the juices as she thrust in and out. I didn't think it was possible to open up so far.

I heard a knock on the door.

Irene yelled out "Not now. I am in a private session."

The person at the door must not have heard her and walked in. It was a Mail Delivery man and he was standing there with a package and a clipboard. Irene had her hand up my cunt and i was spread for all the world to see. Right at this moment I started to convulse. Irene did not want to abandon me. She kept her hand up my cunt and instructed the man to leave the package and shut the door as he left. He stammered.

"But I need you to sign for it."

Just as he said that I could not help but have the biggest orgasm of my life. Irene's hand was pushed out of my cunt with the force of it. I gushed all over her shirt and I was making guttural sounds and bucking my hips forward. Irene rubbed my clit with her finger and then turned to the delivery man and said

"Get out now."

He turned around and walked out the door and left it open.

I was still cumming with intense force. Irene got up and went into the waiting room. She told the man to stop. Signed for the package and took it. I was still cumming. The delivery guy turned and stared at me with his mouth wide open and his pants were tight from his erection. Irene hurried back and shut the door. She carassed my face and cupped my cunt. She told me she was sorry and that this did not go well.

She said I would have to come back and work on this again. I told her I was more embarrassed than ever. My legs were still spread. My cunt was opening and closing. I could feel it open and close. Irene sat and stared at my pussy as it worked it's way in and out. She sighed.

"Oh dear, you really were vulnerable and then this happened."

She shoved her finger into my cunt again and I cried out. Another orgasm struck. I didn't think it was possible."

I begged her. "Can I just stop now and go home?"

"OH yes of course. Here's some tissue paper to clean yourself up."

I grabbed the paper and ran out of the office in tears. My pussy juice was dripping down my legs.