 I stepped off the bus double checking the address on the slip of paper I held in my hand. The small theatre I'd been told to arrive at appeared to be just around the corner. I was early yet, and decided to take advantage of the time walking into a nearby Starbucks ordering a coffee. While I sat sipping that, I checked myself out in a small mirror I kept in my purse. Taking a moment to run my fingers through my short dark hair, sassing it up just a bit. I likewise checked out my almost non-existent lipstick and makeup. The part I was auditioning for in the little known play, was for a lesbian, though in the beginning, she wasn't supposed to see herself as one, only mildly curious. I laughed to myself as I sat there staring at my reflection. The truth was...I was. When I'd gone in for my initial interview I had felt like the part fit me perfectly. And so had the assistant casting director after she'd looked me over and given me a small part to read.

It wasn't a big role by any means. I only had a few lines, and one semi-steamy scene where I'd been asked if I'd be comfortable exposing my breasts on stage briefly. I'd never done any kind of a nude scene before, even a brief one. Aside from a few provocative photos my ex-boyfriend had taken, that was pretty much the extent of my exhibitionist side. Needless to say, I was more than a bit nervous. 

In addition to my short sassy dark hair, which I didn't think looked too butch, and which the director didn't want either, the fact I also didn't have overly large breasts though I had certainly received several nice comments on them, and plenty of admiring looks from both men and women in the past. They were still pretty nice sized, without being too big. And interestingly enough, I hardly ever wore a bra as it was, most of the time enjoying the freedom of not having to do so. And besides, in the play I wouldn't be wearing one either, making it easier when the time came for me to simply reach down, pull my tee shirt over my head, turn...and then walk into the bedroom where it was hoped my new found girlfriend would then follow me. Her ex lover, supposedly there in the sitting room trying to entice the woman I'd just met into going back to her. Like I said, it was a small role with only a couple of lines.

I sat at the table sipping my coffee. "Well? Are you coming or not?" I looked at myself in the mirror, saying it again, a bit differently this time. "Well...are you...coming or not?" I didn't like that one, and said it again the way I had the first time. Not realizing another woman had taken a seat at the small table next to mine.

"Just say where and when!" I suddenly heard, turning. I blushed, realizing the slightly older, yet good-looking woman had heard me. I laughed, apologizing.

"I'm sorry...I didn't realize I was speaking so loudly," I informed her. "I'm ah...auditioning for a small part in a play," I further explained.

"Oh, I see...sorry to hear that, I hoped for a moment there, that you might actually be propositioning me," she laughed back, not at all being serious, though perhaps flirting a little. Which caught me off guard just a bit. I took those few moments to study her as she stood up taking her coffee with her, approaching me.

"May I?" She asked 

"Please do," I invited.

I noticed the woman was tall, had shoulder length strawberry colored hair that was lustrous and seemed to catch the morning sun just right, hinting at the various hues and streaks of differing colors in her hair. For a moment, it almost looked as though her hair was on fire, sitting next to the window the way she was with the sun shining through it. She had green, though perhaps more like hazel colored eyes, full sensual lips that were quite noticeable, especially when she smiled. She looked professional, business like, wearing a matching skirt and jacket, though I noticed her more than ample breasts seemed to be straining against the fairly sheer white blouse she had on beneath it. I could see the dainty lace pattern in the bra she was wearing, and for a split second in time as she took her seat, found myself actually wondering what her breasts might look like.

"My names Carol," she said introducing herself, extending her hand to me. "So...you're auditioning for a play are you?"

"Jessica," I responded back taking her hand shaking it. "And yes I am. Not a big part, only a small one. But hopefully if I land this part, maybe I'll get a chance at an even bigger one next time."

"So what's the part?" She asked taking an interest.

"Well, it's for the role of a young curious woman named Cindy. She's just met this lesbian in a bar, who has invited her to come home with her, which she does. Only she's never actually been with another woman before, but has decided she now wants to. Though she hasn't told the Rachel, the other character in the play, who's invited her to come home with her that fact either. Anyway, they arrive, there's a bit of kissing, some light petting, and then there's a knock on the door. The girl whose apartment it is naturally goes to it, and finds her ex-lover standing there. She comes in. There's a moment of indecision of course, this internal struggle as the ex-girl friend pleads with her to take her back. That sort of thing. That's when I make my own decision, finding this sudden threat to my very first opportunity to satisfy my curiosity about being with a woman. So I reach down, grab the hem of my tee shirt and pull it off, letting her see my breasts for a moment. I then turn, walk into her bedroom..."

"And that's when you say, "Well? Are you coming... or not?"

"Exactly!" I laughed hearing this mature, very attractive woman speaking the lines I'd meant to say. And saying them in exactly the way I now wished I had myself first spoken them. "Say that again," I said surprising her.

She smiled, sitting back in her chair looking at me. "Well? Are you coming...or not?" 

I liked how she said it. She'd paused just briefly, just enough, giving emphasis to the word 'coming' which hinted at a double meaning perhaps. Just hearing her say it the way she had, had sounded like she was asking about that, and not actually asking about if the woman was going to join her or not. But if she was going to cum with her or not. I liked it, and told her so.

"Well after what you told me...about the curious character Cindy? I think she sees this ex-lover as a real threat to her chance at finding out what it's like to make love to another woman. And given the situation, it appears this is her one shot at achieving that. She needs to express that ultimatum to the other woman, as though this is her one and only shot to enjoy that herself. So the question is then, does she? Or does she go running back to the ex-girlfriend, someone she's obviously already been with. Does she want to deal with whatever problems existed that separated the two of them in the first place? Or...does she look to the future for something new and different?"

"That's...that's it exactly!" I exclaimed grinning from ear to ear.

"So...how does it turn out?" Carol asked.

Once again I laughed. "I don't really know. I wasn't given a copy of the entire play to read yet, only this scene, as it's the only scene I'm auditioning for. So really...I don't have a clue."

She smiled finishing her coffee, and then looking at her wristwatch. "Well, I best be off. But good luck with your audition. And if I were you...I'd try reading it just that way. I think it has more of an impact for one thing, and certainly gets her point across quite clearly without coming right out and saying...I want to fuck you."

I think my mouth was hanging open when she said that. Reason being...if I didn't know any better, I could have sworn, she'd just told me...that she actually wanted to do just that. Fuck me! I sat looking at her for a moment more, just as she did. It was perhaps just a split second in total, but it was time enough for the hesitation on both of our parts to speak volumes. She then smiled again, turning. "Like I said...good luck."

I sat watching her through the window as she walked down the street. Which is also when I felt the moisture pooling between my legs, something I hadn't realized until that very moment.

"Damn! Double-damn!" I said to myself. Wishing now that I'd at least gotten her number, or given her mine. And then the more I sat there thinking about it, the more I realized it was probably wishful thinking on my part. I convinced myself that hadn't actually been a come on. In the first place, there was nothing about her that actually hinted at her being a lesbian herself. Not that she had any sort of look one way or the other, as many didn't, including myself.

But then again...I wasn't a lesbian either. I'd never even touched another woman before, though I had certainly thought about it. Still having a few more minutes, I collected myself, finished my coffee, silently spoke the line once more the way she'd said it. And then headed out onto the sidewalk myself. It was time to audition.

**

I was both surprised and disappointed upon entering the theater. The place was packed! Still standing outside in the foyer, I realized there must have been three dozen young women standing there, all auditioning for two very small parts. The only good thing was, each of them appeared and looked just as nervous as I did.

"Alright girls, listen up please?" Someone spoke, and then as we all turned facing to where the sound of the voice had come from, a woman perhaps in her mid thirties stood there holding onto some sort of a clipboard. "Today we're auditioning for the roles of Cindy, the pickup girl from the bar, and for the role of Danny, the ex-girlfriend. If you'll all follow me into the theatre, I would like all the Cindy's seated on the left side, and all the Danny's seated on the right side. We'll call you up in pairs and then walk through the scene a couple of times each. The first will be a simple practice and instruction, the second will be the audition itself. We will expect live action and performance, which for the Cindy's will include removal of your upper garments. So I do hope you have come prepared and are expecting to do that."

There was a bit of nervous chattering along with a few giggles as everyone filed into the small auditorium, the small un-set stage just beyond. I now recognized the woman who had just spoken to us as the woman I had first interviewed with. She now took a seat just in front of the stage along with an older man, and a slightly older looking woman, both of whom she briefly conferred with. She then walked up onto the stage carrying her clipboard, which she placed down on a small table. She then called out two names, one from each side who then walked up towards the stage as she briefly set and described the scene. I sat looking on, somewhat elated that I'd at least have this opportunity to see how the other girls spoke the part, how they looked, their facial expressions long before I hopefully had to do so.

I had even taken quite a bit of an unexpected interest when it came to the moment in the scene where the character Cindy removed the shirt she was wearing, thus exposing and revealing her breasts. Though most of the girls were indeed small busted, one or two had rather large sized breasts, and though interesting to see them admittedly, I felt like they were more of a deterrent to the scene being acted than actually adding to it. All you really did look at where the tits, not the woman, and certainly not to what she was saying when she spoke those all too familiar lines. 

"Well? Are you coming or not?"

**

Thirty minutes later after having seen several girls go up on stage and perform, Jessica was now having doubts about herself. She had seen several girls who she thought had done a very good job, not to mention having nice attractive bodies too, all of which had been a bit smaller in the bust, which she felt they were truly looking for. One young woman having amazing nipples, though whether those would be looked at as being attractive and adding to the part, or like the larger breasted women, being more of a detraction, she wasn't sure. Still...she now wondered if she truly had any real chance at all.

"Jessica Weatherly? Susan Johnston? You're next!"

It took a moment for me to realize that my name had actually been called, but then I did, jumping up from my seat, heading towards the stage. I felt like I had a stone the size of a basketball sitting in my gut, not to mention my throat suddenly being dry as the two of us now stood there, listening to Kathy describe for us the scene. Something we both of course already knew.

"Kathy? I think I'd like to do the scene with these girls myself this time."

Kathy, Susan and myself all turned as one towards the sound of the voice. Once again it took a moment, and then I gasped in surprise. It was Carol! The woman I had spoken with earlier inside Starbucks!

Kathy grinned turning back around facing the two of us, though announcing to everyone as she did. "Everyone? In case you don't know, or aren't aware of who she is...this is Carol May. She's the featured star of our little off Broadway play, as well as being a very well know, female producer and director. She is the first woman to actually produce erotic films designed especially for women."

I had heard the name, had in fact seen a couple of movies she'd produced, and had found them not pornographic at all, but very sensual, very erotic and very emotionally moving.

I stood in total disbelieve as Carol came up to stand between us, speaking to us momentarily. She looked at me only briefly, a small smile coming into her face.

"Ok, you already know your places...and your lines correct?"

All I could do was nod my head, still in a small state of shock here. 

"Good," she said once again turning towards me specifically. "Just say them the way I taught you to do earlier," she winked. Now I smiled though once again nodding my head. Susan walked over to the blue line that had been taped out on the floor, where the imaginary door was, me...taking my own mark a bit more centered on the stage, Carol now standing in front of me.

"Ok, let's pick up the scene where the two of you are holding one another, kissing and fondling each other just a little, swaying slightly to the music playing. There wasn't any music, that too was pretend, but Carol then took me into her arms, holding me, actually kissing me on the neck, gently swaying there with me for a moment. She then whispered. "Touch me...like it was for real."

I brought my hand up, cupping her soft yet firm breast. She had of course changed out of the clothes she'd been wearing earlier, now dressed more simply, yet even then smartly as I gingerly caressed her, kissing her back, tilting my head just a little as she mouthed my neck nipping at it gently. A flood of shivers now running up and down my spine, the feel of her hand now touching me, caressing my own breast through the thin layered material of the tee I was wearing.

"OK...knock! Knock!" Kathy announced loudly.

Moments later I was standing there looking at her, my line coming up. Reaching down now, pulling up my tee shirt removing it, standing there on stage, bare breasted, the thrill and excitement of doing so readily apparent. My nipples hard as rocks, though not so much from the sudden coolness of the air, as from the actual tingling arousal I was still feeling from the touch of her hand and fingers actually teasing it only moments ago.

I turned walking towards the red line, representing the bedroom, reaching it, turning looking back, and then said. "Well? Are you coming...or not?"

"And...cut!" Kathy announced standing. "Very nice, thank you..."

"One moment...I'd like to try something," Carol suddenly said surprising everyone. Though no one obviously dared make an issue out of it when she did. "I think I'd like to change the scene...just a little. Make it a bit more sensual, more provocative. And I think it will give the scene a bit more dramatic effect as well. Having Danny's character entering the apartment, using her own key in doing so as opposed to knocking and being invited in. She comes in...and there is Cindy, and Rachel, dancing and swaying together in the middle of the floor, just as we were doing, except...they are both topless, thus there is more intimacy already being expressed and shown. This then heightens the intensity and uncertainty of each one of the characters in a much more dramatically defined way. So...let's do it again, but this time, beginning with the two women having already removed their tops."

I hadn't even bothered putting mine back on yet when Kathy had called cut the first time. Carol now unbuttoned her blouse, and then her bra removing them both, tossing them off haphazardly towards where Kathy was standing. Once again Susan moved back to the blue tape on the floor, looking a touch bewildered, as Carol and I moved back out center stage. Once again she whispered to me before Kathy called action.

"Now you can really touch me," she grinned, this time leaning in to kiss me deeply as our mouths met, tongues already beginning to dance within one another's mouths, fingers and hands exploring, the hardness of her sweet tender nipple locked between my fingers as I cupped her breast, scissoring it between them.

"Ready? And then action!" Kathy spoke once again. As once again...we did the scene, only this time truly caressing, toying and kissing one another, all the way up through my line when I walked away, reaching the door turning back towards her.

"Well? Are you coming...or not?"

**

I had retaken my seat back in the audience after redressing again. Carol remained on stage of course, playing her own part intermixing with the last few girls still waiting their turns. Finally, everyone who'd come there to audition had done so. We all now sat as Carol who had put her blouse back on, though it remained unbuttoned, her beautiful breasts still partially showing, stood with Kathy and the older man and woman, all of which were no doubt voicing and expressing their opinions on who had won the parts. Minutes later they had come to a consensus as Kathy retook the stage.

"Before I announce who we've decided on, I just wanted to thank each and every one of you for taking the time out to come here and audition for us today. This wasn't an easy choice. We have a lot of fine young actors with amazing potential to be choosing from. However, I believe we have also made that choice. So, I'd like to announce the following. For the role of Danny? And the role of Cindy? Would Marsha Jensen, and Patricia Green stand up please?"

There were a few audible moans and groans, though a smattering of hands clapping in congratulations as well. Though not many. The two girls of course squealing in delight upon hearing their names. 

My heart sank. Though not too unexpectedly, both girls had indeed been very good, so I shouldn't have been too terribly surprised or upset. And yet, I was. Marsha? Patricia? You two will be the first under studies, in the event that the next two chosen actors cannot perform for any reason. Jessica Weatherly and Tracy Monroe...congratulations. You have been awarded the roles of Cindy and Rachel respectively.

One again I was stunned. I had heard my name, saw the knowing smile on Carol's face as she stood there looking at me, even as the first two girls names were called. 

"Thank you everyone for coming, and we do hope you will come and audition for us again sometime. As for Jessica? Tracy? Marsha and Patricia? If you could stay for a few moments please? We have a few details to go over with you, as well as getting you a complete copy of the entire play."

Carol walked over speaking to me briefly. "When you're done here...come see me in the back. I have a small little dressing room. I'd like to speak to you after you're finished here," she informed me, and with that leaned over giving me a quick brief kiss on the cheek.
