 Morning came quickly, too quickly. I woke up to Terry bringing breakfast in to the bedroom singing, "Morning, time to get up." 

"Already," I said still half a sleep. 

Terry sat the try on the table next to the bed and poured coffee and started feeding me an omelet the way I liked it. With mushrooms and cheese. Though she took the first bite out of the omelet. 

"I wanted to make sure it wasn't poisoned," she smirked. 

I looked around the room and noticed she had already laid my clothes out for the day. A white tank top and white shorts with matching socks and my white sneakers. 

I yawned and she said, "Sleepy head, you got to get up and moving soon." 

She moved over to where the clothes lay and headed for the bathroom and drew a bath. 

"Come on sleepy head lets get with it." 

I slowly flung my legs over the bed and sat there for a while getting my barring. When Terry came over and took my hand and stood me up. 

"Come on get with it, love," she slapped my ass hard. 

With the that whack I jumped and headed for the bathroom saying, "hey, that was enough to wake me up," giggling. 

I got in the tube and noticed she had put rose scent oil in the water. She came in and washed my whole body not missing a spot. 

"Get up, time to get you dried off and dressed. 

I got up and she reached for the towel and dried me off. She then sat me on the chair next to the vanity and put my shirt on and positioned my feet in my shorts, she pulled them up and I noticed how short they were, you could almost see my ass, I stood up so she could finish what she was doing then she sat me down and turned me towards the mirror and started brushing my hair. I started putting my make up on while she brushed. 

"Where, we going," I asked almost done putting on my makeup. 

Terry looked in the mirror and winked at me with a smile, "don't worry your pretty little head about it." 

Just has I got done putting on my lipstick, Terry turned the chair around and put my socks and shoes on. I felt like a queen. 

"Terry," my voice low and my eyes on her, "you do know I can dress myself," I smiled. 

"Yes, I know you can but I like dressing you". 

I noticed Terry was wearing jeans and a loose tank top. She walked out in the bedroom and got my purse and took my Id out and put it in her wallet she had. I looked upset that she would just go in my purse without asking me. 

"Okay, I over stepped my boundary but we got to get going," her voice full of excitement. 

I started to walk for the living room door when Terry came rushing over taking my hand in hers and opened the door and said, "after you gorgeous."

We were out in the hall way when I noticed everyone looking at us. I got closer to Terry and whispered, "why is everyone looking at us"? 

She laughed and said, "you don't remember"? 

"Remember what," I said. 

She whispered in my ear, "baby, you certainly are vocal when it comes to love making," she laughed.

"Oh my god," I gasped, "was I that loud?" 

Terry nodded her head yes. "All night long you moaned and groaned and the whole ship heard you," Terry laughed. 

I blushed as we were walking top side. We started laughing and talking about last night and of course my moans and groans. I couldn't have been that loud for everyone to hear me I thought. I noticed some of the women on the ship were looking at my tight little ass. I looked around and were in Alaska already. I got excited cause I knew now we were going touristing. The ship had already docked and we were going to be there for a day and then head back home. We started walking down the ramp when I noticed a store up the dock and I started pulling on Terry to hurry her up. 

She just smiled and said, "Hold up, the store isn't going anywhere soon." 

Still hand in hand I jumped on her and wrapped my legs around her. She grabbed my ass and kept on walking. I planted a kiss on her and she responded back still walking. I felt her hands squeeze my ass in excitement. I started to laugh and unwrapped my legs and jumped down walking backwards with my hair blowing in my face. 

"Want me don't you," I smiled. 

Terry nodding her head yes and sticking out her tongue licking her lips and saying, "I shall have you too." 

I turned and ran the rest of the way to the store always looking behind me to see where Terry was. Tina and her other half were walking next to Terry and talking to her. I waited for a while at the store waiting for Terry to hurry up and get here. But she kept her pace and she kept her eye on where I was smiling the whole time. I noticed they were all laughing and talking so I went inside to look around.

I noticed some beautiful furniture hand made. About that time Terry and them walked in still laughing and talking. I looked over and winked. Terry stood there in shock that I of all people was winking to her. Though I don't know who was more shocked me or her. Terry made it over to where I was and I put my tight little ass up against her and nudged her while she put her arms around my waist. I quickly went over to the clothing section to look what was there. Terry went over to the counter and bought a camera and film. She loaded the camera and started taking pictures of me. I spotted a coat made out of mink and put it on and starting posing for Terry. She smiled saying good, good. After all that was Terry's profession was snapping pictures for a magazine she worked for. 

She took several pics when she said, "Come on we got a lot to do today," she turned and went to the counter and gave the man behind the counter some money. 

I started to take the coat off and put it back on the rack when Terry looked over and she said, "Don't bother it's yours now." 

I stood there in shock. 

"No, I couldn't, it's too expensive," I told her.

I looked at the price tag and just about choked on the price. It was a $3,000 dollar coat. 

Terry came over and said, "Baby, your worth it dear." 

I just stood there looking at her when she took the coat and went over and gave it to a boy and told him to run it to the ship, which he did right away. I ran over and hugged and kissed Terry. She then took me by the hand and lead me outside where we proceeded to hit every shop we could. We even went on a trip up a mountain where there was still snow has right now in Anchorage there wasn't snow. Terry had rented a car for the trip and a bought a basket with food in it for us to eat. I was glade to loose Tina and them. I wasn't in the mood for them to tag along. Terry spread out a cloth and set up a place for us to eat. Just us out in the wilderness the only ones here. But before Terry could get a chicken leg I took it and started feeding her this time. 

She smiled at me and said, "But it is you who are the queen, baby." 

And I replied warm and loving,"I may be the queen, but your my king." 

I started to tease her with the chicken leg letting her get just her lips on it then taking it away and laughing while I was doing it. 

She looked at me and said, "Hey, I thought I was the king," laughing, "I'm hungry." 

I got up and waved the chicken in her face and said, "The only way your getting this chicken wing is if you catch me," and took off running. 

Terry in hot pursuit yelling, "If I get a hold of you baby, your gonna think differently about that chicken leg," she laughed.

I ran laughing so hard that she caught me. She grabbed me by the waist laughing. I was out of breath from running and laughing. She took me down to the ground and pulled my shorts down and off my legs, I still laughing and trying to get my breath. I didn't notice she spread my legs and was sitting down beside me till she took the chicken leg and started fucking me with it. I gasped, when it entered my pussy. Startled at first. She thrust the leg into my pussy and slowly making it go in and out. I lay there taking it, my body started to quiver. She started thrusting it in and out faster and faster watching me cum with delight. She then pulled the chicken out and ate it then said she had to do some cleaning up. 

I didn't know what she meant by that till she got down between my legs and grinned and said, "It's dessert time," and licked and sucked the taste of my pussy and chicken. 

My hands reaching for her head. I wanted to cum again but this time in her mouth. She cleaned me till I got so excited I was just about ready to cum when she stopped and got up and took got the camera and started taking pictures of me laying there spread. 

I started to hide my body and she said, "No you don't," her voice domineering. 

I knew better she spoke that way so I just lay there letting her take her pictures. When I heard something in the bushes. I looked over and two women came out from behind the bushes. I felt embarrassed I started to cover myself and Terry walked over and started talking to them. She brought them back has I was starting to put back on my shorts. Terry smiled at me and said, Leann this is Pam and Sandy. 

I said, "Hi," my voice somewhat embarrassed. 

Pam was taller of the two and I noticed she kept her hair long blonde hair back while Sandy was my height about 5'3" but Sandy had short hair that outlined her face. 

Terry perked up and said, "I invited them up to meet us here." 

I looked at Terry annoyed she would do such a thing without asking me. Both of them in shorts and tank tops. We went over to the blanket and sat down when I felt Pam's hand on my knee.

I was kind of alarmed about this but Terry had noticed and didn't say a thing. Instead she reached over and was fondling Sandy's big breast. Terry looked at me with a smile and told me that we were going to have some fun. Then she leaped for Sandy knocking her down on the ground and almost ripping her top off to get to her big tits that were full and erect. I started to tell Terry I don't think I was ready for something like this when Pam grabbed me around the waist and threw me next to Sandy. Terry looked over and could see I was distressed over this but all she did was smile. Pam had pushed my top up and was playing with my erect nipples sitting on top of me. Both her and Terry seemed to be enjoying themselves at the thought of having an orgy. Then Sandy reached over with her hands and turned my face towards her and planted a kiss on my lips. I didn't move. I felt my shorts coming off and Terry had a hand on my breast taking my nipple and pinching it between her fingers to make them harder. Then Terry got up off of Sandy and I saw that Terry and Pam where just standing over us and starting to get undressed. Sandy was already naked. Sandy leaped to her knees and got between my legs and positioned herself to eat me out with her ass up in the air. Pam took off her shorts and a dick fell out. Huge and thick and real. I thought oh my god, it's a him with tits. Pam came over and stood above my head facing Terry and Terry putting on her strap on. Pam got on his/her knees and put his dick in my mouth. Terry telling me to suck it baby. 

I could feel Sandy licking me and sucking on me and I could feel her moving to and fro, I strained and to look at Terry and she was fucking Sandy and her and Pam were kissing one another and foundling each others tits. I started to enjoy myself when Sandy stopped and was on the ground next to me and Terry reached for my hand and pulled me up in a sitting position and had me go in between Sandy's leg and my face in her snatch.

I was kind of alramed about this but Terry had noticed and didn't say a thing. Instead she reached over and was fondling Sandy's big breast. Terry looked at me with a smile and told me that we were going to have some fun. Then she leaped for Sandy knocking her down on the ground and almost ripping her top off to get to her big tits that were full and erect. I started to tell Terry I don't think I was ready for something like this when Pam grabbed me around the waist and threw me next to Sandy. Terry looked over and could see I was distressed over this but all she did was smile. Pam had pushed my top up and was playing with my erect nipples sitting on top of me. Both her and Terry seemed to be enjoying themselves at the thought of having an orgie. Then Sandy reached over with her hands and turned my face towards her and planted a kiss on my lips. I didn't move. I felt my shorts coming off and Terry had a hand on my breast taking my nipple and pinching it between her fingers to make them harder. Then Terry got up off of Sandy and I saw that Terry and Pam where just standing over us and starting to get undressed. Sandy was already naked. Sandy leaped to her knees and got between my legs and positioned herself to eat me out with her ass up in the air. Pam took off her shorts and a dick fell out. Huge and thick and real. I thought oh my god, it's a him with tits. Pam came over and stood above my head facing Terry and Terry putting on her strap on. Pam got on his/her knees and put his dick in my mouth. Terry telling me to suck it baby. I could feel Sandy licking me and sucking on me and I could feel her moving to and fro, I strained and to look at Terry and she was fucking Sandy and her and Pam were kissing one another and foundling each others tits. I started to enjoy myself when Sandy stopped and was on the ground next to me and Terry reached for my hand and pulled me up in a sitting position and had me go inbetween Sandy's leg and my face in her snatch.

Well, I thought to myself if Terry likes a swinging gal I'm gonna be the swingingest gal she has ever had. I felt myself loosen up and just enjoy the event that Terry had planned. Terry moved aside her strap on and Sandy was eating Terry and Pam was fucking me. I was moving to Pam's rhythm and moving my ass to and fro. You could hear the slaps of his/her balls hit me. Terry started to moan and so did Pam. Oh, boy I thought a cum feast. Oh, hell yes. I was ready and willing. My body yearning to cum. But that was not to happen at least not right now for we all changed positions and this time I and Sandy were kneeling and having our wet pussies licked and sucked. Terry sucked on Sandy and Pam sucking on me and both I and Pam embraced and fondling each other. I wanted Sandy to cum for Terry. I reached down and started to finger her while Terry ate her. I could feel Sandy get excited her body shivered at the thought. When Terry and Pam stopped what they were doing. Pam had moved out from underneath me and Terry from under Sandy. Terry had Sandy lay down while she positioned her strap on and Sandy was under my hot pussy licking me again. Terry knelt behind me and bent me over to lick Sandy and I could feel Terry's dildo enter my hot pussy and Pam behind Terry fucking her. We were all excited and ready to cut loose but we all held back. Till I could hear moans of passion from Terry and Pam. I couldn't help myself, I came so hard and so much that Sandy took it all and lapped it up. I could taste Pam coming and she tasted so sweet. I wanted more. I squealed with absolute delight. You could hear us all out of breath. We all lay there on the ground together. Terry next to me and Pam next to Sandy. It was getting late but it seems we laid there for hours till we knew it was time to go back to the ship. So we all got dressed and Pam and Sandy walked off to where I don't know but I was sure they had a car to get back with and I and Terry picked up the blanket and the picnic basket and got in the car and drove back to the rental place. Terry's hand on my leg the whole time with a big smile on her face.

We turned the car in and left the blanket and basket in the car and started walking towards the ship hand in hand. I looked over at Terry and whispered to her that I really had a good time today. I really enjoyed myself with excitement in my voice. Terry looked at me and smiled and squeezed my hand slightly. I nudged her and told her I wanted her again when we get back to the room. She looked at me and said, "Maybe," in a sly way. I noticed Pam and Sandy behind us. I waved and smiled. They returned the wave back and smiled when Sandy came running over and Pam running behind her to catch up. Sandy laughing at the thought that Pam was running after her. Pam finally caught her next to me and I started laughing with Sandy. All four of us walking together talking about our day in Alaska and the things we bought. 

Pam was telling us how expensive Sandy's taste was when Terry said, "Oh, don't I know it," looking at me smiling. 

"Hey," I said, "I didn't ask you to buy anything."

Terry said, "Baby, you didn't have too," she started to laugh. 

I looked at Sandy and said, "Sheesh, they think they can fuck you and pay nothing now," laughing and Sandy nodded her head and laughed with me.

"Yeah, don't you know," Sandy replied, "thinking they can abuse us that way and get away with it and give us nothing in return." 

I asked how long they have been together and Sandy proudly perked up and said, "5 years, now," she smiled, "and you and Terry," she asked. 

Well, I looked at Sandy and said,"Terry is my first and we just got together on the cruise."

"Oh, Pam," said intrigued, "a newbie and you did so well, hon." 

I looked over at Pam and blushed saying thank you. Terry looking proud of herself. We finally made it on board when I noticed how hungry I was. I looked at Terry and she read my mind. 

She looked at Pam and said, "Well, it looks like my sweetpea is hungry so why don't you two join us for dinner?" 

Pam said sure and they set a time to meet in the dinning hall. We both went our own ways.