 The gravel crunched as the vehicle turned at speed into the vicarage drive. 

Anne heard it and looked out of the kitchen window. A moment later the front door bell rang. She wiped her hands on the towel and taking a quick look in the hall mirror straightened her hair as she went to answer it. When she opened it she took a step back and her heart skipped a beat. 

The women dropped the cigarette, on which she had just taken a drag, stood on the burning nub, and walked past Anne who stood open mouthed into the kitchen. All Anne could do for a brief moment was to watch the back of her guest as she disappeared. Gathering herself she made her way to the kitchen.

"Lady Spencer," She said hesitantly, "what a lovely surprise."

"Good Morning." She replied, as she removed her gloves and placed them on the table, along with her wide brimmed red hat, by which she was standing. 

Anne noticed how immaculately dressed she was, even on a damp Autumn Monday morning, her long black hair flowing around her face was a contrast to the red lipstick, the same shade as that of her hat. Realising she was staring too long she remembered her manners and offered her a seat. Her Ladyship smiled and sat.

"A cup of tea your Ladyship?" "Or coffee if you would prefer."

"Tea would be fine my dear." 

Anne proceeds to boil the kettle and prepare the cups all the time noticing the eyes following her around the room. Cursing herself for not finding anything to say. It was her Ladyship who broke the ice by mentioning the weather, the good old weather, always a topic of conversation to save the awkward silences.

The tea finally made, she put the pot on the table and went to sit opposite, but Lady Spencer pulled out the chair next to her and Anne who stopped for a moment duly sat where the hand patted. Nervously she slid down and picked up the pot pouring it into the cups.

"Milk and sugar your Ladyship?" She asked trying not to look sideways. There was another silence. Then her guest spoke softly.

"Tut, now surely you can remember how I take my drinks Annie." 

Anne felt herself flush, and cursed herself again. Yes it was true she knew exactly how she took her tea, her coffee, in fact any drink. After pouring the milk she passed the cup, her eyes looking down did not see the big smile, on her ladyships face.

"Thank you my dear." As the cup was taken and put on the oak kitchen table.

Picking up her cup she could feel her hand shake causing a little rattle which she stopped quickly by taking a sip from it.

Lady Spencer looked around the room a moment before turning to her host and saying,

"I trust you are settling into your new life as the vicar's wife?"

Anne nodded without realising what she was doing. She managed to squeeze a little smile.

"Oh yes your Ladyship," she replied nervously. "it's a very lovely parish here, we were so lucky to be sent here."

"I have some very good friends around this part of the country; perhaps you know some of them?"

"Well we have only been here a few weeks so we are still finding our way around." Anne replied feeling a little less tense.

"I love coming down here and now you're close as well it will make it even better."

Anne felt her face go warm again and her stomach became knotted as she finished her tea. She poured them both another cup before getting up to take the empty pot to the sink. Turning back she noticed that Lady Spencer had removed the coat she had previously undone and slipped it over the back of the chair. 

"Is there anything else I can get you?" Anne offered on her way back. 

Her eyes noticed the smirk come across the face of her guest. She panicked and when she tried to sit back in her seat she saw the boot on it. Looking first at it, then at her Ladyship who was looking at her with her chin resting on her hand, she stood not knowing what to do next. She had been in this situation before, too many times before.

"Well Anne here we are again, it has been a while, but you're still standing there like a rabbit in the headlights." Said the woman as she gestured with her finger.

"Come closer my dear, tell me what is always the first thing I expect from you?"

Anne shuffled a little closer, then a little further as the finger continued to beckon. Her hands nervously fiddling with her long green skirt, her eyes looking down as if in trance. Her throat had become dry.

"Well I'm sure you have not forgotten, but I will remind you just this once." Anne froze two feet away from her.

Lady Spencer sat back as she took her black calf length boot from the chair next to her.

"It is inspection time little Annie, raise your skirt."

Little Annie knew this was coming, but despite it, she held her skirt tight as if trying to prevent it happening. Surely this humiliation could not happen to her, she was now married, and to a vicar. Her voice just would not work, not only was it dry but it knew if it was used it would get her in even more trouble, if that was possible.

"Now little Annie or else." The command came in a gentle but firm way.

The fingers gripping the skirt began to slow pull it towards her waist. Her eyes, which had began to fill with tears, were now fixed staring at the wall behind her Ladyship. She gathered it in her hands until it was fully raised leaving her standing exposed in just her panties and tights. A single tear started to roll down her cheek.

"My, my little lady they're very racy for a vicar's wife? I bet the old dears at the local church meeting would faint if they saw those!" She said as she laughed.

The offending article was in fact a black and very transparent thong. Charles, her husband had bought it as a present on her last birthday. There was a matching bra as well.

Her mind drifted to all those years ago when she worked at the Hall for her Ladyship, and the first time she had been asked to raise her skirt for an inspection. She had only worked there a week or so, the embarrassment of it as she stood in the library, pulling up her black skirt to reveal her pink and white lacy knickers. Annie knew they were not part of the uniform but never ever imagined in her wildest dreams that anyone would check. They were removed, she never saw them again and her punishment was to go without panties for a week.

"Pull them down."

"Let us see what else your hiding, mind not a lot by the looks of it."

Anne thumbed them down to mid-thigh exposing her pubic hair and now tingling pussy as humiliation overcame her.

"My, it's been a while since a razor visited the lower slopes."

Another tear in her eye as she stood holding her skirt at her waist, whilst her guest sat taking in the view.

"Hmmm turn around; let's check that naughty little bottom of yours."

She shuffled round, and remembering bent forward slightly so giving Lady Spencer the full view of it.

"Annie I must say that you look every inch as gorgeous as you did when you worked at the Hall, except for the overgrown patch round the front."

"Thank you your Ladyship." 

Anne stood still not sure whether to turn round; one wrong move could end up with her 'naughty bottom' being turned red.

"I think we had best do something about the unsightly hair. Fetch a razor, cream and towel Annie."

After a few moments and another order of what to fetch she scurried of upstairs, wiping her eyes and still hold her long skirt, her knickers still at half mast.

With her skirt and panties removed she was lay on kitchen table, a towel under her. Her legs were splayed open wide invitingly for Lady Spencer to rub the shaving cream into the hair gently, Anne could feel the touch, she remembered this also from her past, and she also knew that she was now decidedly damper down there. A finger brushed her hooded clit making her twitch momentarily; she closed her eyes waiting for the next one which would make her feel even wetter.

"Now Annie raise yourself up, you know that you have to watch." 

Her Ladyship commanded and Anne obeyed. The blade gliding up and down as it scythed its way through. The skilled hands had soon made it smooth; she could tell it was different even without touching it. The towel was used to wipe away any excess cream, she felt it on her pussy lips and another warm feeling made her twitch again. She was trying not to betray her feelings but she knew that she now needed to relieve the itch.

She lay on her elbows looking at her pink mound, the swollen lips and now exposed clit hoping that her Ladyship would go so she could run upstairs to finish off what she now needed so desperately.

"All done little Annie." 

Lady Spencer stood at the end of table as she wiped her hands clean.

"It looks like your pussy is a little wet there my dear girl, brought back some memories?" She smiled, "as you have been such a good girl today I am going to let you cum whilst I watch."

Anne blushed yet she knew along that it would happen, and she wanted it to happen. She started to ease forward.

"What are you doing girl, you can do it on the table."

She looked to her right knowing the kitchen window was there, anyone who was to walk past would see her naked on the table, rubbing herself to orgasm. It just added to the tension as her right hand reached down to the newly smooth mound.

The first touch of her lips had them open exposing even more of the soaking wet pink skin inside. Pushing in a finger hard, then two and soon three, her wrist grinding her clit equally as hard. Her juices leaking down her thigh and pooling onto the table. The table rocked as she fucked herself, her hips pushing to meet the fingers deep inside her. She squealed as she felt her orgasm start, the sticky wet fingers thrust in one last time and her cunt filled with more juice, which was squelched out, as she eased them from the soaking hole. She realised her breathing was erratic as she lay spread across the table, the table on which in a few hours they would have their dinner.

Lady Spencer put the towel over her red pubic mound, she just looked down whilst Anne lay recovering.

"Bet that it the first time you have done anything like that on the kitchen table since you arrived." She said mockingly.

With that she proceeded to put on her coat, pick up her gloves and donning her hat she turned to exit the kitchen.

"Until next time little Annie, I think I've got something that needs attending to."

And she was gone, the car crunching out of the gravel drive at the same speed as she arrived.

Anne eventually lifted herself off the table, wiped herself clean first, then the table. Upstairs she showered and re-dressed, suddenly realising her black panties were missing, and she smiled knowing her Ladyship had taken them. Picking out a new pair she chose plain white and it would always be plain white from now on.