 Deloris Franklin's first reaction, as she hesitantly sized up the pale and petite frame sleeping on the sofa, was that it must have been one of the girls that either of her two sons had brought home. Deloris knew that both Sterling and Rahim were rather popular with the young ladies of the neighborhood and there had been several occasions when they would bring girls home while she was at work and do what teenagers do when no one else is home.

This was the first time, however, that she had stumbled in to find one of those girls totally asleep, in broad daylight, while no one else was home. On top of that, Deloris got a clear sense that this particular girl wasn't from the neighborhood either, since a body as white as the one on the couch, would have long ago caught her attention in her travels around the projects.

Looking at the discarded cigarette butts and empty cans of Malt Liquor that littered the apartment, it didn't take long for Deloris to put the puzzle pieces together, and figure out that her two boys, along with several of their friends, had enjoyed quite a party while she was at work.

More upset about the mess the kids had left than she was about what they had done sexually while she was gone, Deloris had long ago accepted that she couldn't control the actions of her sons. Now that Sterling and Rahim were both adults, Deloris knew she had no sway any longer over their decisions or actions. They helped out with rent when they could, but other than that, they went about their own business. Deloris simply hated coming home after a long day of babysitting employees at the restaurant and having to clean up after her sons' indiscretions.

The first order of business, Deloris decided, was to get the naked white girl sleeping on the couch up, dressed, and then send her on her way. Hearing the raspy sounds of contended sleep coming from the sofa, Deloris turned and slowly started walking over to carefully tap the stranger on the shoulder.

Before Deloris could take two steps closer to the couch, a familiar scent bristled inside her nose. Stopping for a moment so she could place the smell, when she looked down to her right, Deloris instantly saw the bag of Avon merchandise that she had ordered a week earlier. Quickly darting her sightlines back to the woman laying naked and face down on the sofa, Deloris's heart stopped when she recognized Ida's short and curly blonde hair.

"Oh my...Oh my...," Deloris gasped, putting her hand to her mouth, trying to find her breath.

Teetering in place for several moments, trying to decide whether to go and help her friend or to stand her ground and convince herself that it was a eerie nightmare, Deloris Franklin inched closer to determine if what she was seeing was, in fact, real.

The closer she got, the more of the telltale signs of what had happened to Ida became clear. Deloris wretched from the drying milky white stains that dotted her entire sofa, unable to stop herself from picturing how they got there. As Deloris looked even closer, she could see the imprint of several fingerprints and small bruising all over the backside of Ida's body and when her eyes focused on the gaping, cum-filled target of the Avon Woman's rectum, the black woman's legs felt as if they had turned to mush. 

"Dear God...what have they done to her?" Deloris cringed with strange fascination.

Kicking two of the discarded Bull cans out of the way accidentally, the loud empty rattle of the cans brushing across the floor caused the naked woman on the sofa to stir slightly. Frozen momentarily, Deloris suddenly felt as if she were a burgler in her own home as she waited for Ida to lift her head and open her eyes.

As Ida's face slowly became apparent, Deloris found herself mesmerized by how the usually flawless looking woman now lay in tatters. Deloris's eyes widened seeing the black snakelike trails of mascara that had dripped down Ida's face and she felt her own skin crawl when she saw the sexually explicit remnants of lust that the boys had left her with, completely coating her facial features and upper chest.

When Ida's glassy eyes met hers, Deloris felt as if her blood had froze in her veins.

* * * * *

The whirlwind of what Ida Morgan had just been through had left each of her senses dulled. When she heard the distant rattle of the aluminum can that Deloris had kicked scatter across the floor, Ida was awakened from her brief sleep. Her first reaction was that the kids had returned and were preparing to take even more from her even though she was sure she had nothing left to give.

Struggling to get her eyes open, a fate worse than death was awaiting Ida when she saw who was actually standing above her.

When the hazy image of Deloris Franklin filled her shaky optic nerve, Ida simply dropped her head back down, in shame, against the sofa cushions. 

Several moments later, when Deloris's warm hands gently came to rest on Ida's naked back, the older white woman turned to stone from the spontaneous touch.

* * * * *

Ida's first reaction when she felt the weight of Deloris Franklin's arms on her bare back was to wince, then freeze. Her muscles and nerve endings were so sore from the sexual gauntlet she had just been put through that any random gust of wind would have caused her body flinch.

"SSHHH...Ida...is everything all right...SSHHHH...It's gonna be OK, " Deloris soothingly sighed, patting Ida reassuringly between the shoulder blades.

Deloris came within a breath of asking Ida what had happened, but looking once again around the room, the answer to that question was rather evident.

"Can I get you some water, Ida?" Deloris offered, like a nurse at Ida's side.

"...Please...," Ida muttered, her mouth still pressed firmly against the sofa cushions.

"OK," Deloris quickly replied, noticing the pile of Ida's clothes messily strewn to her left. "We're gonna get you up...and then we're gonna get you dressed...OK?"

Watching the way Ida's head, ever so slightly, rocked up and down, Deloris knew the older white woman had heard her offer and was agreeing with it. Helping Ida lift her weight up, when Deloris had finally helped Ida support herself on own her elbows, she got her first close up look at the sexual residue that covered Ida's entire upper body. 

Deloris guessed that there must have been upwards of a half dozen guys responsible for the shape Ida was now in from comparing the amount of empty malt liquor cans laying around as well as the physical evidence drying on Ida's pale white skin. "And she took them all," Deloris said to herself incredulously.

"Tell you what Ida...," Deloris softly muttered out loud to her rich, white friend," the bathroom is right down the hall...How about letting me help you get straightened up a little bit before you go home...how about that?"

Sitting down on the edge of the sofa to balance herself, right beside Ida's head, Deloris wrapped each of her hands around the tight muscles of Ida's shoulders, to give the fallen Avon Lady all the support she could. Deloris then watched as Ida's body swung like a pendulum up from the sofa, until her bare feet landed gingerly on the floor.

"OH...MY," Deloris gasped out loud, as Ida sat up, surveying the full brunt of the sexual pillaging she had been put through.

Feeling a deep, gnawing sense of pity for the naked older woman, Deloris found it hard to look into Ida's glazed eyes knowing her sons were partially responsible for the state she was in.

Taking Ida by the arms, Deloris leaned in and hugged the haggard looking woman tightly, telling her that it was going to be "OK".

* * * * *

Hesitant at first over Deloris's sympathetic embrace, when Ida realized it was one woman's way of reaching out to her, to comfort her in a time of severe weakness, she soon melted against the black woman's reassuring grip.

Starting to sob, Ida felt as if she were, somehow, a small child in the arms of the woman who was 20 years her junior.

"Shh...shhh," Deloris soothingly whispered, once again, into Ida's reddened ear. "Its gonna be all right."

Ida suddenly found herself locked against Deloris's comforting bosom and when the black woman's thick, voluptuous body raised up from the sofa, Ida felt an inherent need to stand up with her.

As Ida stood up, she felt an instinctive desire to use her arms and hands to cover her nakedness as Deloris gradually led her down the hall, to the bathroom.

* * * * *

The short walk from Deloris Franklin's couch, to the bathroom, seemed to take an eternity. By the time Deloris had spread a clean towel on the edge of the tub for Ida to sit on, the disheveled older woman felt as if she were floating in a perilous, alter universe.

"Come on Ida...sit down," Deloris offered softly.

Taking a seat demurely on the side of the tub, Ida flinched slightly from the sound of Deloris turning on the bathwater. Steadily regaining her bearings, Ida's eyes slowly grew accustomed to the bright luminescence of the room and when Deloris grabbed a heavy towel from the closet and wrapped it around the older woman's shivering body, Ida couldn't help but feel her insides quiver from a long since forgotten feeling of childhood comfort and safety.

Watching as a still fully clothed Deloris extended her hand into the rising tide of warm water inside the tub, rotating it back and forth to make sure the temperature was just right, Ida's insides started to fizz with a strange sense of excitement when she saw the younger black woman reach for a clean washcloth.

* * * * *

In a strange way, the intimacy that had been so lacking in the sexual deluge the boys from the neighborhood had put her through earlier, was now coming through in the surreal sponge bath Ida was getting from the Mother of two of those boys.

The butterflies inside Ida's stomach crashed together like blind rats on crack as she allowed Deloris to wash away the nasty remnants of her afternoon debauchery.

Starting with her face, Ida felt Deloris wipe the wash rag softly across her chin and cheeks before dropping it into the tub to rinse out so she could repeat the process over and over until Ida's skin was clean and smooth once again.

>From Ida's head, Deloris worked her way gently down to Ida's neck and shoulders before finally cleansing the mess that was crusting across Ida's nervously heaving chest.

"My boys did this to you?" Deloris asked cryptically, breaking the eerie silence in the closed up room.

"...Yes," Ida finally replied. "Them...and a few of their friends I guess."

"I can't say I'm surprised," Deloris matter-of-factly added as she continued her peaceful and serene chore of cleaning Ida up. "They are both very difficult to control...trust me I've tried...if they see something they want...they just take it...I know just how you're feeling right now, Ida."

Ida's senses were so dazed and disjointed that Deloris's off hand remark about her sons didn't really register in her head as the black woman tenderly went about her dutiful chore of cleaning off the smeared cum and makeup that covered her glowing skin.

Teetering on the edge of the tub, Ida listened with disbelieving ears as Deloris went more in depth about what she had initially hinted at. Hearing the lurid tale that Deloris spun, Ida found herself being chilled to the bone.

In between the soothing splashing sound of Deloris ringing out the wash rag in the tub, Ida could hear the younger black woman casually recite the story of just how she knew what Ida was currently feeling inside.

Between her own delirium and the confusing context of what Deloris was trying to convey, Ida trailed in and out of the story as she sat there, picking up a snippet here and there of the one sided conversation until the meaning of what Deloris was describing was provocatively clear.

"Sterling and Rahim's Dad died a couple of months after Sterling was born...," Deloris started, " ...got shot. I knew he was dealing...irony of ironies though...he got mixed up in between somebody else's deal gone bad."

"...I was lucky to have my Mom around then...you know...until I could get back on my feet. The kids had to grow up quick in this neighborhood...they probably could have used more supervision...that's my fault ...but they learned a lot of street smarts out there that I could have never taught them. Deep down...they really are good people...just a little rough around the edges...that's the only way to make it down there on those streets on a daily basis."

"...Every since I became manager of that store five years ago...Sterling and Rahim basically had to raise themselves...I just worked too many hours. No time for any social life...too tired...too many bills...try finding a man when you're in your mid 30's and have two kids with police records...HAHA... its not even worth the effort, Ida..."

"...Yeah...by the time I got promoted and had to spend anywhere from 10-16 hours a day at that God forsaken restaurant...that was just about the same time both boys really started feeling their oats. I began to notice that they were hanging around with the wrong crowd...hearing stories from neighbors...etc...I would come home and find strangers at the house constantly...girls especially."

"...Then the cops started coming by...and then the trips downtown to have to bail them out...damn Ida...it was just wearing me out. There were entire months that went by where I didn't do a damn thing for myself...and I felt myself going crazy."

"...I came home from work late one afternoon a couple of months back...much like I did today...I was mentally and physically spent...I put my key into the lock to open the door...before I did though...I heard something that stopped me dead in my tracks..."

"...I guess there was something going on in there just like what was happening to you today, Ida...I just stood outside the door...couldn't find the strength to face what was happening or the energy to go in and break it up. So I just stood there...with nothing else to do but listen until it was over..."

"...As I stood there something strange started happening inside me...Thank God nobody else came upstairs while I was standing there...they would have probably thought I was having a mental breakdown or something...me standing right outside my own front door with my key in my hand for almost 20 minutes..."

"...But the sounds that were coming from inside...they were...were...were...exquisite...the sounds of those girls screaming joyously inside the apartment...they sounded so...so...FREE...so...FULFILLED...so...I don't know...so...everything that I wasn't feeling at that moment in my life. And for weeks and weeks after that...I'm sickened to admit this...but Ida...I was jealous of those girls..."

"...And the sickest part about the whole thing while I tore myself up about it was that the reason for that joy in those girls' cries of passion... were my own two sons...they were responsible for that and there I was keeping myself up late at night fixating over it...Ida...it broke my heart...but at some point it also broke my will to fight it..."

* * * * *

Ida sat there in stunned horror as Deloris continued lathering up her warm, wet skin, absorbing what the black woman was saying the same way her skin was absorbing the relaxing bathwater.

"...one thing just led to another, Ida" Deloris continued. "It's all really just a blur now."

Fifteen minutes had passed by the time Deloris had finished laying out her sordid tale. Dropping the washcloth into the tub for the last time to ring it out, Deloris looked deep into Ida's eyes and saw a look of petrified understanding deeply etch itself across the naked woman's weathered features.

"That's right, Ida," Deloris admitted serenely. "I do know exactly how your body feels right now."

With the outside of her body know cleansed, Ida was silently grateful to the kind black woman for cleaning up the mess the boys and DeeDee had made on her. Staring blankly back at Deloris, as she sat on the side of the tub however, Ida shook like a leaf in the wind from how internally soiled she now felt after what Deloris had told her.

"Does what I told you, trouble you Ida?" Deloris asked gently as she put the wet towels up on the rack to dry. "Its certainly something that I'm not proud to admit."

Grabbing another clean towel, Deloris leaned in and sat it down on the tub's edge, so she could take a seat right beside Ida. Now face to face with the older woman, Deloris looked deep into Ida's stunned blue eyes and discovered a strange kinship in the silent but shared understanding of what each had been through.

"They did the exact same thing to me, Ida," Deloris soberly admitted. "And let me tell you...for a 37 year old woman who has the impossible task of trying to find a good man these days...what they gave me was so damn liberating!"

Looking down at Ida's hands, Deloris wasn't surprised to see the way the older white woman was wringing them together between her legs. Tilting her gaze upwards slightly, Deloris couldn't help but also see the way Ida's pink pussy lips were exposed, once again filling with the blood of her arousal, even though the look on her face still spoke of numb disbelief.

Allowing her gaze to graze up the front of Ida's seated frame, Deloris could also see each of Ida's nipples growing steadily, right in front of her eyes as the reality of her admission to Ida slowly registered inside the dumbstruck woman's head.

"...You...and...them...," Ida whispered, as if in slow motion.

"Yes, " Deloris replied, gently extending her warm hand out and wrapping it tenderly around Ida's limp forearm. "Yes...we did...Yes...we do."

* * * * *

Keeping her gaze trained straight forward on Deloris, out of the corner of her eye, Ida saw the black woman reach over and open the drain of the tub, so the bathwater she had drawn to clean up Ida with, could slowly swirl out.

The guttural, sucking sound of the water receding in the tub eerily and symbolically mirrored the same feeling of steady withdrawal inside Ida's own soul. As the water in the tub seeped out, so did Ida's resistance to anything Deloris could have done next to her.

"I had a long day at work, Ida...all I wanted to do when I got home was to take my dirty clothes off...jump in the tub and let Calgon take me away," Deloris mused. "The tub's kinda small for two...would you like to maybe take a shower with me?"

Ida said nothing in reply, but the hypnotic way she stared up at the elegant woman beginning to undress above her, told Deloris that Ida was willing to do anything she asked.

* * * * *

Ida Morgan sat there on the edge of the tub, goosebumps rising all over her towel covered flesh, as Deloris Franklin began to strip herself bare in front of her.

It was as if Ida was shrinking from wondrous envy as Deloris's nudity slowly revealed itself. Habitually self conscious about her body her whole life, to actually have to sit and watch another, much more voluptuous and endowed, woman take her clothes off was very difficult for Ida.

Tempted several times to rise up and make a run for the door, Ida simply couldn't break her morbidly transfixed stare on Deloris, as the imposing younger woman worked the buttons of her shirt free.

Ida's face was awash with stoic guilt as Deloris peeled back her maroon and white stripped work shirt before dropping it to the floor. Ida's eyes unconsciously bugged out slightly at the sight of the black woman's hefty bosom as it bounced heavily inside her lacy pink bra cups. Ida immediately felt ashamed when she helplessly peeked down at her own exposed breasts and mentally compared them to the glorious signs of womanhood that hung proudly from Deloris Franklin's chest.

The trancelike stare of blunt envy coming from Ida wasn't lost on Deloris either as she continued to remove her clothes, sensing clearly her power over the woman seated in front of her.
