 We stumbled into Emma's bedroom laughing and I slipped out of the heels and stockings in no time. Just before stepping into the shower, Emma unlocked the small padlock and removed the leather collar from my neck. It felt odd not being there; for some reason I liked it. I was in my own world pondering it when Emma playfully slapped my ass. That brought me back to reality and we jumped into the shower. We took a long, hot, very intimate, but incredibly invigorating shower. It was definitely not what you'd call normal, although with Emma I learning that I wasn't sure there was a normal.

We washed every part of each other using her buff puff and bubbly shower gel. The soap was slippery and made a great lube. Emma got frisky and slid her fingers into my pussy and then followed suit burrowing into my sensitive ass. I returned the favor and before we were through, both of us had our fingers buried in each other's private parts while the sting of the hot shower pounded down on us. It was fucking delicious. Emma made me do a quick touch up shave of both our pussies before we were done; another first that I fell in love with and can't wait to do again. 

We dried each other with big fluffy towels and enjoyed mimosas that Emma had somehow snuck off and mixed up. There was lots of touching and petting. My body was buzzing and my emotions were over flowing. The alcohol heightened my feelings and I couldn't get the smile off my face. Emma was smiling and giggling a lot herself. We stayed naked and sipped our drinks as we put on our makeup and fixed our hair. 

Emma told me to sit on the bed and enjoy as she headed to her dresser and pulled out a white lacey shelf bra. I ogled her massive hangers as she slid her arms through the straps of the sexy lingerie. Then she adjusted each mound of beautiful tit flesh so it was displayed perfectly. Even though her bra covered the bottom half of her large areoles everything was visible through the see-thru lace. Fuck, they looked magnificent. Then she stepped into a matching pair of crotchless thongs and pulled the sides high on her hips so that the thong was tight against her crotch. She delicately pulled each of her swollen pussy lips through the opening and played with them, pulling and stretching them with her long fingers. When she was satisfied, she spread her legs so I could get a good look. Jesus, her fuck lips hanging through the flimsy material was naughty as hell. I'm not sure the way Emma was wearing her thong was ever what the designer had in mind. She made the lingerie look unbelievable.

Watching Emma arrange her beautiful titties in her bra and then pulling her pussy lips through her crotchless thong was the sexiest thing I'd ever witnessed. My clit was throbbing for attention so I shifted slightly, opening my thighs enough so that I could slide a couple of fingers in my very damp pussy. I was slick and warm and rubbing my clit it felt so good. I fingered myself while I watched Emma get her pussy lips just the way she wanted them. I knew she was showing off, but I loved watching her. It really turned me on. 

She turned and watched me finger fuck myself, "You're such a slut. Do I turn you on Amy? Is that why you're playing with your shiny wet pussy?"

Damn, my fingers felt awesome. I would have never fingered myself before this weekend. It felt kinda dreamy. I responded slow and softly, "Yes Emma, I'm very, very wet and yes, you're really turning me on. You make me fucking crazy." I pushed my fingers in deep, rubbing my thumb against my clit. 

She smiled back at me, "You look fucking hot with your fingers buried in your puss. I want you to suck the juice off your fingers, now!" Her tone was commanding but not threatening. She wanted me to know who was in control and I was only too willing to do what she wanted.

I didn't hesitate for a second. I made sure my fingers were shiny with juice and brought them to my nose. I moaned as I breathed in my heavy musky scent. It was heavenly. I slowly ran my tongue up each finger like it was a little cock and then sucked my fingers into my mouth. Damn, I tasted like woman. I licked my fingers clean and worked them back in my gooey cunt again. Before returning them to my mouth I extended my fingers toward Emma. She just smiled and shook her head no. It was addictive, particularly with Emma watching my every move. 

Emma definitely enjoyed the show I was putting on. Being nude and playing with myself for her was a huge fucking turn on. I would never have believed I could act this way. Emma's eyes were focused on my fingers and my pussy. I opened my pussy wide with one hand and spread juice all over my crotch with the other. The room was beginning to smell like sex. A thin smile appeared on Emma's face, "There's nothing I'd like to do more than to eat your hot pussy right now. You look magnificent, but we need to finish dressing and get out of here. Plus, you can't have another orgasm yet. That's not in my plan for right now, but watching you play with yourself is quite a treat."

Emma pulled on her dangling flesh one last time and spun toward the closet and disappeared inside. She returned carrying a dress in her hand and wearing a pair of three inch white sandals with laces that wound sexily up her ankles. She could have been the center fold of any gentleman's magazine on any news stand. Fuck, she was gorgeous and so hot, and with half her tits on display and her pussy lips hanging out of her thong, she just exuded sex.

She held the dress in front of her and slid her arms, one at a time, into the very stylish, sexy orange sun dress. The dress was sleeveless and the hem hit about three inches below her knees. She fastened two buttons north and two buttons south of her waist which left lots of exposed leg as she moved. The bra did its intended job pushing her tits up and out. Her already very large tits appeared gigantic and she looked fucking amazing. Nobody could possibly miss her in the strappy sandal heels, her skirt up open almost to her waist and her gigantic tits bulging out. The dress's tiny spaghetti straps looked spectacular against her tanned skin and heightened attention to all the tit flesh she was exposing.. 

I just looked at Emma with desire and awe in my eyes. I wanted nothing more than to lay her down and put my head between her thighs and lick her to one of her best orgasms ever. She was the most beautiful, sexy woman that I'd ever been around. I think she could tell what I was thinking as she stood in front of me. She smiled impishly, bent down and flicked my nipple playfully a couple of times, "I told you there's no time for sex now dearie; it's time to get you dressed. Go find your blouse from yesterday and I'll find something to go with it."

My blouse was lying with the rest of my clothes from yesterday. I smoothed it out, put it on and fastened a couple of the buttons. I looked in the mirror. My blouse was wrinkled and frumpy. Shit, I guess I didn't realize how plain my stuff was. Emma returned to the room holding a black pleated skirt and my black heels. She clucked her tongue, "That will never do for where we're going." She looked around the room, "Put on these heels and take the blouse off." By the time she found what she was looking for I was standing very erect, naked, in the heels waiting for her. She walked back to me and handed me the leather bra I had worn yesterday. She laid a blouse on the bed.

She smiled at me, "Turn around." As I turned my back to her, she handed me the bra to put on. Once I had the soft leather covering my tits, Emma made a fuss of smoothing the bra straps and fastened the bra snuggly like she did the day before. Her fingers against my skin felt amazing. She hugged me softly reaching around and filled her hands with my leather covered titties. I was experiencing unbelievable feelings. I leaned my head against her shoulder as she squeezed them lovingly. After caressing them for a while, she found each nipple and pinched it, pulling lightly until they were hard as pebbles. Then she twisted them slowly making bolts of electricity shoot from my breasts down to my pussy. Gawd, I just stood there letting her do whatever she wanted. Finally she arranged each nipple to make sure it was positioned properly in the openings. She kissed my neck as she gave each tit one final squeeze. I didn't move my head from Emma's shoulder. I just enjoyed her wonderful touch. 

She ran her hands up and down my body and made goose bumps pop out all over my skin. It felt delicious. I know she was enjoying it too by the mewing sounds she was making. My pussy was leaking again and I was tingling. I thought we might have sex, but Emma had a different agenda. She leaned into my ear, kissed it with her tongue and whispered, "I love doing this with you, but we have things we need to do. Besides I just thought of something else I want you to wear. Don't move, it's time for another surprise." 

I stood rigid, a bit afraid of what was coming next as she slipped into her very special closet again. She returned giggling and handed me a black latex rubber-ish type panty. It was heavier than normal underwear and I just looked at it. Emma stopped laughing and sternly told me to put the panties on. When I did, I saw "the surprise." Built into the gusset was a hard rubber phallus about an inch wide and maybe three inches long. Very huskily Emma said, "Make sure you get it a-l-l-l-l-l-l-l the way up in your pussy." 

My pussy was tingling as I gazed into the panties. As soon as I saw "the surprise" I couldn't wait to get the special panties on. She was doing it again. Just thinking about these fucking panties was making my body do things and she wasn't even touching me. I slowly pulled the panties up my legs and paused a moment as I used my fingers to rub my juices all around. I spread my cunt lips apart and enjoyed feeling the hard rubber slide between them as I pushed it inside me. When I pulled the panties up tight against my body I felt a small hump on the dildo press directly against my clitoris. Fuck, that was interesting. The little rubber cock wasn't Derek for sure, but having something in my pussy really felt good. Emma walked over and ran her hand between my legs making sure "the surprise" was well ensconced in my love tunnel. When she had satisfied herself, she somehow started it with an unseen controller and my pussy lit up. Holy fuck! My knees nearly buckled. 

Emma was very pleased with herself. When I had recovered enough from the shock of the vibrator I finally looked up at her. She had a huge shit-eating grin spread all over her face. The onslaught of vibration against my clit was very, very intense and I knew I wouldn't be able to go out in public like this. Hell, I could barely stand up. Almost as if she read my mind, the speed slowed to a very pleasant buzz and I was able to stand up straight. Amazingly, the vibrator made no noise at all. Emma smiled, "Don't worry, you'll get used to it, but you need to get dressed so we can get going. We've got things to do. Plus, I'm starved."

Emma handed me the short pleated skirt and as I fastened it around my waist, the thong stopped vibrating. Damn, I'd gotten used to the buzz and missed it already. The curve of my ass cheeks was just visible below the edge of sexy flouncy skirt. Fuck, I'd never worn anything that short, but it did look great with the heels and my legs looked hot. Then she handed me the blouse and I slid my arms in and buttoned two of the three tiny pearl buttons down the front. I checked myself out in the mirror. The blouse was sexy as shit. It was a dark smoky gray and for all practical purposes completely see thru. 

I looked like a fucking call girl and I'm sure that was the exact look that Emma intended. She of course looked like a centerfold model and I looked like a whore. The leather bra was completely visible through the blouse and although it did cover my tits, my nipples were totally exposed. I glanced at myself in the mirror. My nipples hardened under my gaze and poked obscenely at the sheer material. I smiled to myself. Damn, I liked how I looked. Wow, just admitting that to myself made me shiver and it turned me on. I was still looking in the mirror. Wow, I liked who I was becoming. I liked how I looked and I really enjoyed looking this way. It made me feel alive and good about myself.

I took one more look in the mirror; this time at both of us. Yep, we looked like two high class ladies ready for anything; we looked totally awesome. She walked up directly behind me and looked into the mirror. She had the collar in her hand, "May I?" It was the first time she'd "asked" all weekend. I was puzzled, but I looked at her in the mirror and nodded. She slipped it around my neck, fastened it and I listened for the click of the small padlock.

She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "We need to have a serious talk about this later." 

I wasn't exactly sure why we needed to have a talk. I know it probably had something to do with the collar but I just didn't see what the big deal was. We left her bedroom and walked hand in hand to her car in silence. She opened my door for me and smiled as I flashed my thong covered pussy at her. As short as my skirt was there was no way I wasn't going to flash her when I slid me legs in. The leather seat was cool on my bare legs. 

The trip in the car was uneventful. She didn't use the little dildo buried in cunt even once. Hmmm, that was curious. I wondered why. Emma did keep the car's air conditioner on high the entire way and my nipples stayed hard as rocks. It's obvious that she did it on purpose. The notion of her having complete control over me made me tingle. Damn, how things had changed so quickly. I was learning. I hoped wherever we were going was going to be fun.