 I was more than just a bit curious when we finally ended up in an old, mostly vacant, manufacturing part of town. It was obvious that she had made this trip plenty of times before. Emma knew exactly where she was going and made the turns without effortlessly. It was almost as if the car was on auto-pilot. It dawned on me that I was going to get a peek at Emma's private world. Damn, even though I'd known her forever, the last two days had blown my mind. She was now an enigma, and I was dying to know what makes her tick. 

I stared up at the old broken buildings appreciating wonderful design work in the intricate stone in the old construction. We rode in silence among the deteriorating buildings and my curiosity about our destination was ratcheting up. Emma's silence said volumes about our destination because wherever we were going was clearly one of her haunts. My angst grew with every turn; I was so ready for more training and I wanted to learn it from Emma. She slowed the car and turned down a narrow side street into a parking lot with some serious security fencing around it. She shut the car off and turned to me with a triumphant smile, "Here we are dearie. Your next big adventure is just about to begin. Pay attention." 

Hmmmm, another adventure; seriously? Good god, I'd been through so much in the last two days. I couldn't begin to image what she might have planned. She was eying me, giving me one of her looks and trying to sound ominous but I could tell by the twinkle in her eye that she couldn't wait to get where ever we were going. This wasn't going to be your normal Sunday morning. I could feel it. The anticipation was exhilarating and it amped up the sexual buzz churning through my body. I was all in for whatever was coming my way. 

As I slid out of her BMW I caught my reflection in the car window. Shit, the bright sun light turned my blouse totally sheer. It looked as if I had nothing on at all. Obviously part of the plan. We met me at the rear of the car and she gave me a quick peck on the lips and playfully pinched at my very aroused nipples, "Have I told you how beautiful you look this morning, my dear slut?" I was getting ready for one of her wonderful kisses, but without waiting for a response she latched on to each nipple and pinched hard. I winced in pain and yelped. She stared straight into my eyes as she twisted hard causing searing pain to shoot through me. "Remember slut, you're mine and you do exactly as I tell you." 

What the fuck! My nipples hurt like hell. She kept pinching my hard nipples and the searing pain throbbed throughout my tits. The look on her face and the commanding tone of her voice excited the shit out of me. Inexplicably my pussy was on fire and I didn't understand the feelings I was experiencing. I was tingling all over and excited like never before. I nodded slowly up and down. Unbelievable, I'd never been so keyed up. The pain combined with her tone had my entire body quivering. Even my nipples got bigger and harder. Shivers ran down my spine and goose bumps sprang up all over my body. Fuck, I knew I'd do whatever she asked me to do. 

She pursed her lips and blew me a kiss as she let my nipples go, feigning mock concern as she smoothed the blouse where she wrinkled it while pinching me, "Aw, look what I've done, I've wrinkled your blouse slut." She patted the material and pretended to smooth it out as she flicked my nipples sending little shock waves down to my pussy. She was having fun toying with my oversized nipples. The pain was finally mostly gone and I was starting to enjoy the attention. Then surprisingly, as if an unheard command had been issued, she turned, took my hand like nothing had happened and led me down the narrow side alley. 

As soon as I took a step, the little rubber dong wedged snugly at the entrance of my pussy made its presence known. It gently caressed my love tunnel and even though the phallus was on the small side, the intrusion made walking normally an interesting adventure. Ever step caused the fake cock to rub against my swelling clit in the nicest of ways. In a half a dozen steps I was in heaven. Damn, it was a great little toy. Emma still hadn't turned the vibrator on. It was so unlike her not to tease me. 

I quickly learned that if I crossed my feet over one another when I took a step, I could force the little cock in deeper. I had to walk very deliberately to do it, but it was fun. I was really working the little cock in my pussy and about half way down the alley I was lagging behind Emma. She glanced back and quipped, "Why so slow slut, got something stuck in your cunt?" She laughed and giggled at her stupid wisecrack. Little did she know how much fun I was having. Finally we reached a door with an old battered "Entrance" sign on it; damn, how clever. The "e" at the end of the word was missing and it had been written in with Magic Marker. 

Emma opened the door and motioned for me to walk forward. I stepped carefully into the small, dimly lit room making full use of the step to squeeze my thighs together to push the hard rubber in deeper. The little room piqued my curiosity immediately. First, there was just barely enough light to navigate the room. Second, it appeared we'd just walked into an office right out of the eighties. As our eyes adjusted to the light, I could see an old steel desk sitting in the middle of the room with a couple of chairs in front of it. An old goose neck lamp, providing the only light in the room, illuminated the ancient CRT and keyboard that sat on the desk. Some beat up old filling cabinets lined the wall. The place was musty and dingy, like we were on the set of an old suspense thriller. It was definitely campy and cool.

Emma walked to the desk and used typed something into the keyboard. She sauntered back to me swaying her hips like a stripper. Her bare hips looked sexy as hell. She put her arm around my waist and hugged me tightly. I could feel the warmth of her fingers through the thin blouse. She caressed the bottom of my breast through the soft leather as we stood quietly. Several seconds passed and a spot light in the ceiling flipped on illuminating a door in the corner that had been hidden in the shadows. Then there was the hum of something electronic and the door buzzed open. Fuck, how cool. This place was right out of a spy movie. It was the perfect way for any adventure to start.

Emma's hand slid from my waist into the small of my back and pressed gently heading us down a short hallway. Emma slid her arm around my waist and our hips rubbed erotically as we walked the half dozen steps into a lavishly decorated reception area. A classic, ivory colored French Provincial desk was in the middle of the room. The brunette sitting at the desk stopped what she was doing and sat back in her chair. The vision smiling at us was quite literally the most stunningly gorgeous female I'd ever in my life seen. 

Everything about her was astonishing; the low cut electric blue bustier, her dark lush wavy hair, her perfectly made up eyes, her smooth porcelain skin, and her warm enchanting smile. But, her most striking feature was her humongous tits. I mean they weren't just huge, they were unbelievably huge. I mean watermelon sized huge. They were fucking gigantic. I had no idea how the laws of gravity allowed the blue satin bustier to hold them in. I've never seen so much awe inspiring cleavage on one luscious lady in my life. My god her body was mind-boggling. She beamed at Emma with her sultry eyes, "Good morning Miss Emma. Welcome back to Sappho's. It's so wonderful to see you this morning. How may we serve you today? 

I'm sure I looked the total moron gawking at her with my mouth hanging wide open. I was lost in my feelings of lust. I just stared at her. Her voice was sweet and sing-songy. Jeez, the combination of her looks and voice was hypnotic. See was definitely the total package. She made a first impression that would not soon be forgotten. I was totally content just to stand there and stare at her tits and listento her talk. Damn, she was fucking hot!

She gave Emma her full attention, but kept stealing quick glances at me. Her eyes never got past my tits. She must have liked mine as much as liked hers. Little did I know how wrong my impression was? There definitely was something about the way she looked at me that I couldn't figure out. She was definitely very curious about something. Emma smiled back at the brunette, "Thank you Julie. As always, it's quite lovely to see you too. You look absolutely striking this morning. Please, let me get a good look at you sweetie." Emma twirled her hand in the arm motioning for the girl to do a spin for her. 

Julie pushed her chair back slowly and leaned forward as she pushed against the beautiful, ornate desk to stand. The weight of mammoth tits pushed the low cut satin garment to its limits and as she straightened, the pink, bumpy skin around her nipples slowly peeked out from under the satiny top. So fucking sexy!

I was hoping for a total wardrobe malfunction in the worst way, but no luck. Julie slid gracefully from behind the beautiful desk and did a slow, polished pirouette wearing a pair of the highest heels I'd ever seen. The bright blue stilettos were ungodly tall. They had to be at least six inches and I had no idea how she made spinning around look so easy. I would have tripped and been on my ass for sure, but she seemed totally comfortable in the incredible high shoes. Not only did they make her six feet tall, they made the muscles in her legs flex nicely as she did Emma's bidding. 

As she slowly turned for Emma, I surveyed every inch of her from head to toe. Not only were her tits one of the world's true wonders, there was a wide space at the apex of her thighs. It was quite sexy and damned alluring. I fell in love with the look immediately and wished that I looked like here. Her belly button was pierced and was adorned with the deepest azure blue pendant; fucking sexy. And her legs, her shapely legs went all the up to one of the most strikingly gorgeous asses I'd ever experienced. Julie was one spectacularly exceptional lady. 

Julie filled out the skimpy outfit like few could. It was evident that the bustier had been custom made for her one of a kind body. Her sheer blue stockings matched the bustier perfectly and they attached to thin blue garters extending down her creamy thighs. Her pussy was covered, barely, by a teeny rectangular patch of bright blue satin that was no wider than a couple of fingers and came up just high enough to cover her pussy slit. The sides of the thong were pulled up high on her flared hips and the contrast of the bright blue on her creamy thigh looked fucking hot. Damn, she was simply world class gorgeous. Someone with great taste had dressed her perfectly and did her make up to match. The heavy eye shadow in two tones of blue, offset with blue eye liner made her eyes sparkle with mischief. Just looking at her made my mouth water and my pussy start to leak again. 

Emma took several steps until she was directly in front of Julie. At first she just stared at Julie like she was reading her mind, but then she grinned and a warm smile filled her face. Julie stood stone still as Emma extended her hand and began rubbing the shiny satin material covering her gigantic right tit. She gazed longingly at Emma and even leaned in a little. Emma looked transfixed as she purred at the beautiful brunette, "You look simply gorgeous Julie." Emma's fingers moved in small, slow circles at the end of her breast and I could see the young girl's hardened nipples through the fabric. 

Emma teased the nipple seemingly forever until she started tracing larger circles, finally reaching the skin above the satin. It was mesmerizing watching Emma stroke the soft pale skin. She drug her fingernails over the tiny bumps that seemed to swell under the touch. Emma shifted closer to Julie and her other hand came forward, gently pressing her fingers against the silky thong as she whispered, "And, I bet you taste just as delicious as always, don't you?"

Julie moaned softly and her eyes closed as Emma rubbed small circles on the minuscule bit of cloth. Julie gasped involuntarily as the shiny patch of fabric slowly began to disappear into her pussy. Her breathing was heavy and erratic. Damn, Emma was finger fucking her right here in the lobby and we'd only been here two minutes. I was in heaven. Watching Emma have her way with the young girl was mind boggling. Emma continued the assault and Julie's massive tits wobbled like jello as Emma made her sway and twitch. The spectacle was fucking amazing. 

Emma lifted her hand and curled her index and middle finger into a hook. She smiled at me as if to say "watch this" and ran her curled fingers up and down Julie's exposed pussy. Julie spread her legs wider and opened her pussy for Emma. Damn, what a slut. Emma toyed with Julie until her hand was covered with the girl's juices. Emma pushed her fingers in the gaping hole. Julie squirmed and closed her eyes as Emma's 'hook" caught on the entrance of the girl's tunnel. Julie let out a low groan and I could tell by the look on her face she was lost in what Emma was doing. 

Emma leaned into Julie's ear whispering things that I couldn't hear. While she whispered, Emma lifted Julie with a soft tug on the girl's pussy. Julie eyes sprang open for an instant as she rose onto her toes extending her arms to Emma to steady herself. The scene playing out in front of me was dreamlike. Emma pulled again, lifting Julie for several seconds, then letting her down. Emma's kinky bitch-side was in full swing as she lifted the beautiful slut over and over again. They were into it and watching them was hot. Then I got it. This was a regular game with them. Wow, I was dense, but finally catching on. 

What a rush. Julie was twitching like a marionette. Every time Emma lifted, Julie flexed up on her tip toes. They were both into their little game and I could see the thrill in Emma's eyes as she made the girl dance on her finger tips. Emma stopped lifting the girl, but her fingers stayed hooked in Julie's pussy. It was kinky and so nasty. Then Emma very slowly and very deliberately started pulsing her fingers in and out of Julie's pussy attacking her g-spot. Damn! 

The sloshing sounds coming from her pussy were incredible. Emma increased the speed of her fingers and in no time Julie's face contorted as she began to shudder and convulse. The girl groaned and slumped onto Emma as the waves of pleasure swept over her body. Emma really knew how to get Julie off. It had only been a few minutes of the intense finger fucking before she'd orgasm'd. Her face was flushed and she was breathing heavy. Her eyes were barely opened, but she was gazing dreamily at Emma as she held onto her for support. Emma held the girl and kissed her face softly until she recovered. 

Julie smiled. She had that weak, can't hardly move, just orgasmed look on her face, "Thank you so much Miss Emma. Yes, I hope my pussy tastes as good as you remember it tasting. You're always too kind." With some effort, Julie leaned toward Emma and did the European cheek kissing thing and stepped back still glowing, "Thank you again Miss Emma." 

Emma smiled, still licking the sticky juices from her fingers, "Mmmm, you taste exquisite Julie. Your pussy is quite a treat. You're always one of my favorites."

Julie was addicted. I could tell. She blatantly offered herself to Emma for more and the look on her face told you everything you needed to know. Her satiny thong was buried inside her cunt somewhere and Julie wanted more. I knew exactly how Julie felt. I'd been there before. I knew the feeling of Emma's fingers bringing you to orgasm and the intense longing for her to do it again and again. The desire was overpowering and there was no controlling it once Emma got the passion started. Julie definitely wanted more and was nearly pleading as she spoke, "How else may I serve you today, Miss Emma?" She made no effort to pull her thong out of her pussy and made no effort to hide how much she wanted Emma to do her again.

I could tell that Emma was through playing with Julie for today, which was unfortunate. I could go on watching forever, I was buzzing and tingling. Then it hit me. This wasn't just Emma having sex with a hot chic. This was who Emma was and this had been a demonstration of how kinky things could get. Emma stared a Julie's pussy with half closed eyes and then blew me a kiss. She was teasing me. I liked the message she was sending me. Damn, she was good. 

She turned to Julie, "I think we'll do brunch today Julie. Would there be a table in the Quim Room? I like the privacy." Damn, there was something so totally hot the way Emma said it.

Julie struggled but shuffled slowly back to the desk. She bent over putting more strain on her top and consulted the big book on her desk. I thought for sure her torpedo tits would tumble out as she bent over, but magically they didn't. Julie had regained her composure when she looked up and beamed at Emma again, "There certainly is Miss Emma." Julie bent again to write in the big book and we got another long look at her tantalizing cleavage. Damn they were enormous. 

Emma slid her arm around me and pulled me to her. She kissed my cheek and slipped her tongue in my ear sending shivers down my spine. Emma whispered loudly, "Julie can be quite the tasty little slut and you have much in common. You have the wettest cunts I've ever played with. I want to watch you two someday soon." 

My brain was swirling and Julie blushed but didn't say anything. Emma took my hand and gave it a soft, loving squeeze as she continued, "Amy dearie, you know you are one hot little slut, and when we go into the dining room the ladies are going to be enthralled with you." Emma had a big conspiratorial grin on her face and smiled knowingly at Julie. I glanced at Julie and she was the poised, polished Julie I'd first met. Not the total slut that Emma had toyed with. She had the same knowing smile on her face. I looked to Emma again. She just smiled and blew a little kiss at me, "Let's go make a scene." Fuck, my adventure was truly just about to start!

As Emma was talking, Julie made a very sexy show of adjusting her top and tucking her titties in. She rearranged each creamy mound and gave us a good look at each of her tits. Everything about them was huge. Julie gave me a naughty smile and winked when she was through. Damn, I liked this chic's attitude. I was definitely looking forward to party time. 

She fixed her top, but did nothing to put the little thong in place. Hmmmm, I wondered if that was part of the game. Either way, her bare pussy didn't bother her in the least. She turned toward the doorway and said, "Please follow me Miss Emma." I watched her gorgeous ass disappear through the doorway and we followed her. As she led us to our table she was the picture of style and grace, not the little sex puppet I just got to watch. She glided effortlessly in those hugely tall heels as we headed for the main room; everything was fucking amazing.

Emma took my hand and led me through the doorway. I'd seen that look on her face before. It was right before she put the blindfold on me. Hmmm, well, I guess it was game on. My mind was buzzing at the possibilities and I realized my pussy was leaking buckets into the rubber panties. I wondered if Emma could hear the sloshing sounds as I carefully walked behind her trying to force the rubber cock in deeper. I was still surprised that Emma still hadn't turned the dildo on. The anticipation of the surprise was killing me, but right now I was thrilled with it rubbing so nicely against my clit. 

It was quite a treat following Julie. Thank god she had to walk slowly in the tall heels and I could concentrate on working the dildo in my panties. Her backside was world class and the two half moons of gorgeous flesh swayed softly side to side with every step. The tiny strip of bright blue satin running up between her ass cheeks twitched delightfully as she balanced in those bright blue heels. She was like watching a runway model; she was so sensual and so statuesque. 
