 The drive from Emma's was an absolute blur and I don't even remember steering. I had been pretty much on cruise control as I drove, glowing as I thought about everything that had happened over the weekend. I was in a wondrous haze, not really paying attention to where I was, and then, there I was on my street turning into my driveway. I was on one hell of a high and I just rolled to a stop in the driveway. I sat for a second and I turned the car off. Unbelievably, the neighborhood was extraordinarily quiet and still. The solitude was so wonderful that I just sat contentedly in the car lost in my thoughts. 

It was amazing. Only two days ago I was just an average divorcee trying to take her business to the next level. Now I was an insatiable slut who'd fuck whoever her owner wanted her to. As I sat thinking about everything I'd done, I was still amazed at how quickly and easily I'd submitted to Emma. I'm sure a shrink somewhere could have an absolute field day writing a dandy work up on me. As they say, it is what it is.

Even now, as I sat in the car relishing all the memories of all the unbelievable experiences I'd had, everything seemed unreal, yet I knew that I'd enthusiastically agreed to become Emma's sexual plaything. The collar around my neck confirmed that. I mean my transformation was nothing short of stunning, and I loved every fucking nuance. The whole thing was truly bizarre, I realized that, and most people would think I was crazy, but I was so happy my whole body was tingling. I couldn't be happier. Emma now owned my cunt, my ass and my mouth and I couldn't wait to use them to please her and her friends. It was such a huge turn on thinking about all the things that would happen. I had already become captivated by the wonderful, deviant, wicked sex she let me be part of. God, I was a totally different person than the one that'd gone to Emma's on Saturday and I had fallen under her wonderful spell. I had changed so much in so many ways. 

So many thoughts swirled through my head as I sat in the car. Everything that happened was mind boggling and my brain jumped from experience to experience. First there was putting on Emma's leather and damned near passing out from hyperventilating I was so excited. Then Derek entered the picture and I sucked and fucked him, and he took my anal cherry. What a breathtaking experience that was! Then all the fun with the girls at Sappho's, and oh my god, Lenore's gigantic tits and her unbelievably huge pierced nipples. And then I got to experience Victor's massive uncut, pierced cock up close and personal. I remembered how Lenore managed to get an unbelievable amount of Victor's cock down her throat. Oh my god, I almost forgot about Emma fisting me the first time and then Lenore doing it again later at their house. Damn, I'd had one busy fucking weekend. I giggled at my word play as I realized there was other stuff that I hadn't thought of. 

As I sat reminiscing a warm breeze kicked up and blew through the car making my nipples stiffen. I glanced down at my gorgeous, hard nubs and giggled to myself as I reflected. Before this weekend I probably would have gotten embarrassed that my nipples were hard. I used to be very sensitive about that kind of shit. Instead, now I relished the exquisite sensations as I rolled them softly between my fingers. The little shivers running through my body were wonderful. My nipples had become so sensitive, and it felt so good tweaking them. Damn, this was crazy, but so nice. It was Sunday evening and I was sitting nude in my driveway playing with my tits; another spectacular fucking first. 

The part that still amazed me the most was how willingly I had done whatever Emma wanted me to do. I'd never been a promiscuous person so that part surprised me, but as I relived the experiences I could see everything in perspective and I thought I understood how it happened. From the first second I saw the pictures flash on Emma's monitor, I could feel something stir deep inside me. I knew deep down that I liked what I saw and wanted to be a bad girl like the one in the pictures. I wanted to venture over to the naughty side. Those pictures turned me on so much. Somehow Emma sensed what I needed and kept nudging me on, and little by little I began to dismantle the barriers I'd grown up with. She let me taste what I'd always thought of as forbidden fruit and after several bites I liked it a lot and was ready to make it a steady habit. My inner slut had always been inside me. All Emma did was let me rub the magic lamp long enough for the genie to emerge. Thankfully everything happened the way it did and as they say, the rest is history. Now, I couldn't imagine that there would be any limits for me. I wanted to do whatever she asked and couldn't wait to find out just how far she would push me.

I caressed the leather collar and fingered the tiny gold lock securing it in place. I was a collared slut and the rush I felt was powerful. I couldn't even begin to imagine what might lay ahead during the next three weeks; talk about mind boggling. 

I had no idea how long I'd been sitting in the car thinking. I'd truly lost track of time. The sun had nearly set and the house and the trees were aglow in oranges and pinks. I had really enjoyed just sitting here, but it was time to go inside. I gathered up the lingerie from the seat and pushed the car door open and slid out. Being naked was thrilling. I padded slowly up the walk in my bare feet and into the house. As I entered, the pinks and oranges lit up the house and the quiet followed me inside. I seemed to be lost and just wandered around the house aimlessly, finally ending up in my bedroom. 

I entered the room and flipped the light switch and caught my reflection in the mirror. The lady staring back at me was a hot sexy mess that took my breath away and made my pussy tingle. I was totally captivated by the image in the mirror who was now softly caressing the dark leather collar around her neck. I was absolutely radiant. Wow, all the x-rated memories with Emma and her friends surged back again. There had been so many awesome first time experiences for me, but none of them as important as the first time Emma locked the collar around my neck. That seemingly innocent little action changed things forever in my life. Oh my god, how they'd changed.

My eyes were locked on the image in the mirror. I knew I hadn't changed physically, but I looked different. My tits looked fuller and rounder, and my waist seemed to taper just a bit more and my pussy mound seemed more prominent. My nipples seemed pointier and my eyes were bright and alive; almost sparkling. And, even though my hair was an absolute mess and I wasn't wearing any makeup, there was something totally captivating and alluring about the person in the mirror. I did a slow pirouette so I could look at rest of me. My ass was firm and tight and as I stood on my tip toes the muscles in my legs flexed nicely. For the first time in a long, long time I felt sexy and very, very good about myself and I loved the way I looked. 

Before today I bet I had stood naked in front of that mirror hundreds of times, but this time everything was different. Now it was more than just being naked. After the weekend there was something different about being naked and it excited me and made my body buzz. As I gazed at my body it dawned on me that I had been naked since we left Sappho's and a smile spread across my face. I realized how much it now thrilled me for my body to be on display. The idea of being a naked naughty tease for Emma excited me. It felt good being naked and I decided to stay that way. Emma would have concurred. 

I was enjoying the sensation of looking at myself in the mirror and I watched with fascination as I started pulling on my nipples and softly squeezing my fat tits softly. Hmmm, when I was married I had never played with myself but now, watching my reflection it was exciting and fun. I blew myself a naughty little kiss and winked at myself in appreciation of the wicked show I was putting on. I had become fixated with my nipples and couldn't leave them alone. I moaned softly as I pulled and stretched them until they were hard and pointy. Unbelievably, for the first time in my life it dawned on me what a wonderful toy my body was. I marveled at how soft and squishy my tits were and how big my nipples could get. 

I had no idea how long I'd been watching myself in the mirror. I'd lost all track of time again and I wondered what Emma might be doing. I decided that she was probably having a night cap so that's what I was going to do. Plus, it would be the ideal way to end a great weekend. A little bourbon sounded like the perfect way to celebrate the whirlwind trip I'd been on, so I gave each tit a quick squeeze and headed to the kitchen. As I walked out, I snuck a quick glimpse over my shoulder at my ass. It was round, and tight and fucking hot, and I loved the cute little dimples above my cheeks. I didn't really need a drink, but I was so amped up, I decided it was just what I needed. Two fingers of bourbon and just a couple of cubes. Damn, nothing like that first sip; pure delight. 

Checking emails was next on my list. I scanned them quickly and the one from Emma I saved for last. I read through the other emails and thankfully there was nothing pressing that needed attention for tomorrow. I opened Emma's email tentatively, barely touching the key as I pushed it down. My heart was in my throat as it opened. I read it slowly. It was brief and to the point; it covered my dress code and reminded me that I was her slut, and make sure I behaved that way. Hmmm, I wasn't sure exactly what she meant. I'd have to ask her about that tomorrow. Lastly she re-emphasized that I was to always enter her house with my collar locked in place. 

As I reread her email I began fiddling with the collar. The smooth leather fit snuggly against my neck and there was something about having it locked around my neck. I liked the way it felt and it was my constant reminder that I had chosen to be hers. I felt warm and secure with it in place. Her email was very clear regarding my dress. Every day I was to wear a skirt and blouse combination, or a dress; always with stockings, garter belt and heels and of course the lingerie she decided on. Hmmm, this new lifestyle was going to be a real change for me in more ways than I thought. I almost always wore slacks and flats to work. I was definitely going to have to do some shopping tomorrow. My wardrobe just wasn't extensive enough to dress the way Emma expected but I knew I could put an outfit or two together out of what I had. I sent a quick email to Emma explaining the situation and asked if she would go shopping with me tomorrow after work to select my new wardrobe.

I sipped my drink slowly. Damn, the bourbon tasted good and burned nicely as I held it in the back of my mouth before I swallowed it. My mind wandered and I pondered whether I could do the same thing with a mouthful of cum. Just thinking about sucking cock and having a load of warm gooey cum fill my mouth made a shiver shoot through me. Man, I'd done some really kinky shit over the weekend and I had so many orgasms I lost count before we ever left Emma's. So many feelings swirled around in my head; so much cock and so much sucking and fucking. Derek had unloaded twice in me and Victor had pumped his massive load as deep as he could sink his gigantic cock in my pussy. It had been a glorious experience fucking each of them. I giggled out loud as I thought about Victor's cum oozing out of gaping cunt on the ride home from their place. 

The weekend had been an amazing non-stop roller coaster ride of sexual excitement. All the memories made my pussy tingle deep inside and I stared pulling on my cunt lips slowly spreading my gooey juices all around in little circles. Damn, my clit was hard and erect and rubbing it had me breathing hard. My well used, juicy butterfly felt as smooth as silk as I played with it. 

Toying with my pussy was decadent and felt wonderful so I decided to go somewhere more comfortable. I padded slowly back to the bedroom and enjoyed feeling my tits swing lewdly from side to side. Before this weekend, I would pretty much have been oblivious to them. Damn, my tits were awesome play toys. I rooted in my dresser until I found old vibrator that I'd stashed there. It hadn't been used in years and I was surprised it still worked. I crawled onto the bed and spread my legs. The vibrator's hum was nice and I pushed it between my slick wet lips and toyed slowly up and down spreading my slit, stopping just for a bit on my throbbing clit. What I really wanted right now was to be fucked by a big hard cock, but this dildo was going to have to do so I pushed it in as deep as I could get it, and pumped it in and out furiously. Fuck, the dildo was way too small for me now. I pounded it in and out of my sloshing fuck hole. 

I was horny as shit and it really didn't take much of the vibrator against my clit to take myself to the tipping point. I closed my eyes and imagined Derek and Victor's monster cocks going in and out of me at the same time. It was a huge fucking rush pretending I had both of their gigantic pieces of meat in me at the same time. I coated my fingers with pussy juice and pushed two fingers into my ass and worked the dildo in and out of in my slippery pussy. I jammed the dildo deep in my pussy and soon found my g-spot and let it hum nicely against the super sensitive part of my pussy. Damn, the sensations coming from my pussy were delicious. I pushed my fingers deeper in my ass holding the dildo in place while I rubbed my clitty as fast as I could. Damn, the tingle was heading up my legs and I pulled the vibrator out and mashed it against my love button, sending me over the edge. I pushed the vibe back against my g-spot as my legs tightened and I shook like I was attached to a car battery. Jesus effing Christ, pussy juice shot everywhere. That had never happened to me before. 

I collapsed into the bed and laid there breathing hard letting the wonderful sensations settle into my body. Damn, what a slut. It had only been a scant few hours since my last orgasm, but feeling my body quiver as I brought myself to orgasm again was mind shattering. The feeling was addictive and I really wanted the relief. I was finally beginning to breathe normally again and as I did the room reeked of pussy. Fuck, I was a wet mess, but I felt awesome as the tingling began to fade. As I laid there recovering I made a mental note that I needed to get some much bigger play toys and at least two or three butt plugs. Mmmm, shopping was going to be fun. I hoped that Emma would join me.

After I cleaned up a bit, I finished my drink and brushed my teeth and threw a blanket over the wet spot before I crawled into bed. What a fucking weekend! I had a huge smile on my face as I drifted off to a deep sleep. Apparently having non-stop sex all weekend really exhausts a person because I slept like the dead. Amazingly though, in the morning I awoke before the alarm went off refreshed and ready to go. My bed felt awesome so I laid there enjoying the warm coziness of the covers, idly flicking my nipples to life with my fingernails. As I was pondering what the day might bring, my thoughts took a detour. Before yesterday I'd never ever masturbated and now I was laying here playing with my tits. Damn, I was looking forward to being the new me. 

I delayed getting out of bed for as long as I could, but I finally threw the covers off. The air conditioning had made it a little chilly overnight so I needed to slide into a robe although I'd much rather have been naked. I put some coffee on to brew and headed back to my room and reluctantly removed my collar so I could shower. The hot water felt wonderful and I made sure all my important parts were totally hairless. I thoroughly enjoyed playing with my pussy as I maneuvered the razor around it. Since Emma had taken care of all my grooming while we were together, this was another first and I've got to say, shaving my pussy was erotic and made me tingly. I got carried away and pushed almost my entire hand in my pussy. I didn't fist myself, but almost! Feeling that full, spread feeling was intoxicating and it took me way longer than necessary to shower. When I dried myself, I missed having Emma help me; that had been such fun. I sprinkled baby powder on my intimate parts and then slowly lotioned the rest of my body. Doing lotion had never been such a sensual activity.

The hot shower had warmed me so I didn't bother with a robe and wandered slowly to the kitchen and poured myself a cup. The aroma of the freshly brewed coffee was magnificent. I savored the smell as I carried it back to my bedroom to look through my wardrobe. Since Emma had already picked out my lingerie for me, now all I needed to decide on something to wear to work. I took my time looking through my clothes as I sipped my coffee. I wanted to look my best and decided on a chocolate brown skirt that was a bit shorter than most I had and a tan poplin blouse that was crisp and could be dressed up. With the right accessories, the outfit would look very professional, yet still a bit sexy. For a second I flashed to Lenore's form fitting darted blouse and made a note to have some made for special occasions. A blouse like hers would really make my puppies look awesome. 

I grabbed the clothes I chosen and took them to the bedroom and hung them on the door. I picked up the beautiful bra and fingered it. Immediately it evoked the very kinky memories of Lenore chaining me to the ceiling and then fondling my entire body as she measured every square inch of me. God, that woman was so incredibly special; a spectacular body and such talented hands. What a wonderful memory! 

I fastened the bra clasp behind my back and my hands were trembling just thinking about her. Emma wouldn't let me hook my bras in front and turn them around. She wanted to see my tits stick out when I put a bra on. Once I got it hooked I tucked each of my tits into the soft leather cups and arranged the material until the flimsy lace just covered the bumpy pink flesh around my hard nipples. Jez, just putting the bra on was a wonderful, erotic experience. The garment was exquisitely sexy yet so incredibly feminine and it made me feel like a queen. My areolas were completely visible through the deliciously sheer, delicate black lace. The combination of my flesh, the black leather and the lace was exotic and incredibly inviting. I'd never worn a more beautiful bra and my tits had never looked more feminine and sexy. It was amazing how just one little piece of lingerie could make you look and feel.

I hooked the soft leather garter belt around my waist and smoothed it against my tummy. The leather was as soft as my skin and the garters hung daintily down my thighs. As I put the stockings on I smoothed the silky nylon against each leg as I pulled them up near my pussy and fastened the hooks to them. The process was sensual and provocative and I was clearly going to have to allow more time each morning since getting dressed had become quite an event. My smooth bare pussy was damp and buzzing by the time I was through. Damn, who knew that getting dressed could make a person so horny? I slipped my feet into a pair of brown pumps and went to the bathroom to do my makeup. I passed "the mirror" again. Fuck, clad in nothing but my new lingerie and heels I looked like a Victoria Secrets fashion model. The way the bra fit made my tits bulge enticingly over the flimsy lace, and the sheer garter belt framed my kitty perfectly. I was a stone cold fox even if I said so myself. 

As I dug my makeup out I mentally cautioned myself to be careful and not go overboard with my eyes. I needed to look like a professional not a prostitute. I probably used a little more eye shadow than I should have, but I thought it was acceptable. It was professional, just a sexier professional. A little hair spray and a curling iron and my hair was done. Then I added some thick gold hoop earrings and several gold bangle bracelets. I couldn't get over my reflection. I looked just like I wanted to and felt sexy as hell; in fact, downright naughty. The bra created a little more cleavage than I thought I should have showing, so I played with the blouse until I figured out how to show just a hint of cleavage; very nice. I took my collar from my dresser and slipped into a silk lingerie bag and tucked it into my purse. I wanted it near me. I took one last look in the mirror. A very sexy, put together lady was looking back at me. I hung my special necklace around my neck and watched the key nestle nicely just above the valley between my tits. What a nice touch. Emma would be proud.
