 I can't ever remember receiving pocket money. Both Mom and Dad firmly believed that there should always be an equitable exchange where money was concerned, so from a very early age we had to do small tasks around the house to earn any money that came our way - well, except for the occasional birthday gift of money when we got to those ages where it seemed impossible to find suitable presents.

When my brother and I got to our early teens, it was therefore a natural progression to start looking outside for small tasks that would bring us in some extra spending money. For my brother it was things like car washing or helping neighbors in their gardens, and for me it was baby sitting. It wasn't that I particularly liked young kids, but I did seem to have a natural talent for looking after them, and it wasn't long before word spread and I had more requests for help than I could actually cope with, and although the money was never that great, it did get better as I got older and was able to look after older children, and it certainly beat the only other realistic money making opportunity for girls in my area which was the local fast food outlet.

So all though my late teen years I managed to get in a couple of nights a week baby sitting and do my schoolwork at the same time. I met some really fascinating people, and saw some really crazy domestic situations too, and I guess that helped me to grow up with my eyes a little wider open than if I'd just had my rather conservative family as role models. I even baby sat for one couple that were on the fringes of the fashion industry, so I used to get to try on some really lovely clothes and learn a little about make up too. 

They were a really sweet couple, in their late 40's, but so focussed on their careers that sometimes I wondered why they'd bothered to have a child at all! especially such a belated one, but they did surprise me on my 18th birthday by having delivered some really lovely flowers and a sensational cocktail dress that they'd designed. I thought mom and dad would faint when I put it on and paraded around, it was in some kind of new material composite that really molded to every curve of my body - and by this time I had really developed some enticing curves - and was so tight over my breasts that I hadn't been able to wear a bra with it, so my nipples really stood out.

Dad kind of frowned, and mom blushed, but neither actually said anything disapproving as they didn't want to spoil my birthday, but I could see what they thought reflected in their eyes and in their somewhat tight expressions. It was left to my brother to boost me up again when he followed me down the corridor towards my room and said "Wow, Sis, I didn't realize you had such fantastic tits!" Crude, I know and typical of him, but it did make me feel a little better, although I wasn't sure if I'd ever get the opportunity to wear the outfit, I mean if I put that on to go out I knew my dad would freak. So, for the next couple of months it sat in my wardrobe, almost teasing me every time I opened it to get something, almost daring me to put it on, but I couldn't risk it in the house just in case mom or dad wandered by.

Then I got a call to ask if I'd baby sit for a new couple that had moved in to a house that had been built a couple of streets away. They were only in their early 30's but were work friends of the designer couple, who had recommended me to them. Even with the recommendation, they still wanted to interview me first, particularly as they would be going to an event that was going to last well into the night and I might be required to stay over, a situation that dad didn't really like, so insisted on coming to the interview with me so he could check out their suitability too. At first, that embarrassed me, but then I realized that he was only being protective and caring, so I let him come along.

Jeremy and Francine turned out to be a delightful couple, charming, well educated, erudite and both quite beautiful in their own different ways, so I was enchanted with them straight away. Surprisingly, so was dad, especially when they commended him on his thoughtfulness in coming and checking them out - he did have the grace to blush at that! The end result was that all of us were satisfied, so made the arrangement for me to be at their house by 6pm on the Friday night. It was as I was thinking about the baby sitting job, and the fact that they were in the fashion industry too, that I got the sudden idea to pack my new dress in with my night attire. 

I'm sure they wouldn't mind if I changed into it when I was there and walked around a bit just to get the feel of it, but I'd have to reassure them that I hadn't organized to have a boyfriend over or anything, I decided to tell them the truth about mom and dad's reaction and how I didn't think I'd ever get to wear it out anywhere.

So, when I arrived at their house at 6pm on the Friday, and Francine had talked me through where everything was that I might need for young Jamie, I confided in her about the dress, and she laughed, telling me that her parents had been exactly the same, and when she'd actually gone into modeling and then the fashion industry they'd practically disowned her. I blushingly told her I could tell she was a model, she was so beautiful and sophisticated. She laughed lightly and gave a little curtsy, "Why thank you Felicity, it's nice to know I haven't lost it all together, but modeling is in the past, that's for gorgeous young creatures like you" she said. I blushed furiously, and just at that moment, Jeremy walked in.

"Hey, what's this about gorgeous young creatures?" he asked in a bantering tone.

Francine grinned, "Oh I was just telling Felicity that I've past the use by date for models, and it's gorgeous creatures like her that turn the heads now"

Jeremy walked over and hugged her, "Nonsense!" he said, "You'll never be past the use by date, and you'll always turn heads, because you're absolutely beautiful."

I thought that was the most fantastic thing I'd ever heard a husband tell his wife, and I could see that Francine was pleased too, then he turned to me and quickly looked me up and down, causing me to flush slightly, "But at the same time, I have to agree with Francine, you certainly are a gorgeous young creature and you'll be turning people's head for many years to come." He said, and I really did blush furiously. Then Francine told him about the dress, and his eyes lit up, "Oh, one of Mavis and John's designs, I wouldn't mind seeing that myself, they do some super gear" he said, then looked at Francine and looked at his watch, "Do we have time for Felicity to put it on now so we can see it?"

Francine grinned, "Oh yes plenty of time, I'm dying to see it too, why don't you go and slip it on in the spare room while we make ourselves a last minute drink" she said, and I didn't really seem to have much of a choice, so I picked up my bag from the lounge and moved into the spare room and started to quickly change, a mixture of fear and excitement running through me. It was only when I finished and glanced into the mirror that I had sudden reservations, for some reason my nipples seemed to be harder and bigger than ever before and were really standing out. But I wasn't given the time to change my mind as Francine called out and asked me if I was ready, so I took a deep breath and walked tentatively out into the lounge room, to be greeted by a low whistle, not just from Jeremy, but from Francine too.

Then they were both talking at once, commenting on the material, the color, the cut, the shaping, everything it seemed except the person that was in it. Then they asked me to move around, and I started to feel like a model on a catwalk, walking and turning to yet more chatter about the dress itself, I almost lost awareness of where I was. Then they asked me to bend at the knees so they could see how the material rode on my hips and buttocks, then lean forward at the waist to see how it held and firmed my breasts, and I did all those things totally unaware of exactly how much of myself I was showing, totally unconcerned at their references to my buttocks and breasts until Francine came over to make a point to Jeremy and actually cupped her hands under my breast and squeezed slightly, almost popping it out, "See how wonderfully this new material moves with the body" she said, "We really must ask Mavis and John if we can use it with some of our designs. Can you lean forward a little more Felicity?" she asked.


Automatically I did so, and her hands seemed to pull back slightly on the material and her finger brush against my hard nipple, causing me to shiver slightly and smother a gasp, I mean I didn't want to make a fool of myself while these two professionals were treating me as a model. I glanced up and was stunned to see Jeremy grinning and staring right down the cleavage of the dress at my ripe breasts, and heat suddenly exploded through me, not helped by Francine's hand which seemed to be moving in a slight caressing motion on my breasts and nipple, making it stiffen even further. But I knew I was just imagining it, after all, they were talking about the dress, not about me. Then Francine moved away and I straightened up, and once again they were talking trade talk about cuts and materials, and I knew for certain that I had only imagined things.

A moment later Jeremy let out a gasp as he glanced at the clock, "My god, we have to hurry, we certainly can't be late for this event, it's too important for the future of the company," then he moved over and lightly brushed his lips against my cheeks, "Bye Felicity, you would really make a great model," he said.

Francine had dashed out and grabbed her coat and handbag and came rushing back in and also kissed me lightly on the cheeks, "You know where everything is, help yourself to anything you want and let's hope Jamie sleeps right through, Bye" she said, and then they were gone.

Wow! I slumped on the couch amazed, excited and a little scared about what had just happened, even though I knew it was all just my imagination, my own reaction to Jeremy staring at my breasts and Francine touching them had really shocked me. I glanced down and again sucked in my breath at the sight of my firm breasts and my rock hard nipples, and I giggled, some model I'd make, I thought, first parade and I'm hot and horny from being looked at, what if I was having to model some of those outfits that showed almost everything? a shiver ran through me and my right hand automatically came up and cupped my breast. My eyes closed and my fingers momentarily brushed over my nipple, sending a huge shudder through me, and I squirmed on the couch, remembering how Francine's hand had felt. 

Damn I mustn't think like that. I quickly took my hand away and stood up and walked around, trying to pretend I was on the catwalk once again, then I walked back to the spare room and posed and postured in front of the mirror. Trying to remember the way they'd told me to walk. Letting my buttocks swivel and sway and standing very straight so my breasts were uplifted. Then I leaned forward in front of the mirror and finally gasped aloud as I found myself staring not just at my cleavage, or even the slopes of my breasts, but all the way down to my hard, thrusting nipples. 

With mounting trepidation I lifted my hand and tried to place it where Francine had placed hers and moved it back the way she had, and my eyes flew wide at the result. In tightening the side where her hand was, she effectively loosened the other side so that it gaped slightly, and everything was revealed! the whole of my breast and the whole of my nipple, god, no wonder Jeremy was grinning and staring! another huge shudder ran through me, and with a sense of shock I realized I wasn't angry over what had happened, I was incredibly excited, Jeremy had been staring at my naked breast and had obviously loved it! I chuckled suddenly, reminded of my brother's rather crude comment, well someone else obviously though I had 'fantastic tits' too!

My reverie was suddenly interrupted by a cry from down the hall, and I was immediately brought back to an awareness of why I was really there. I hurried down the corridor and found Jamie sitting up in bed crying, so took him in my arms and rocked him gently. Two hours and many soothing stories later and Jamie was finally fast asleep once again and I walked slowly back to the spare room feeling very tired. I eased myself out of the special dress, allowing myself just a brief moment of sadness at the thought that I might not get to wear it again for a long time, then slipped back into my original clothes and walked into the lounge to put on the TV and fetch myself a drink and some munchies. Settling down into the cushions on the couch and flicking from channel to channel trying to find something worth watching, but tiredness soon took over and I feel asleep, the TV still softly murmuring in the back ground.

It only seemed I'd been asleep for a moment, when the door seemed to burst open and a rather loudly laughing and crooning Jeremy almost fell through, only prevented from doing so by the steadying arm of Francine. I jumped up from the couch, rubbing the sleep from my eyes and I guess looking a little startled, "It's okay," said Francine, "Jeremy's had one or two too many as usual and made a fool of himself, can you help me with him?"

I hurried over and grabbed Jeremy's other arm and was surprised by how little he was able to move on his own as Francine and I walked him across the room and down the corridor to their bedroom, where he flopped straight onto the bed. "It's ok now" said Francine, "I can handle it from here, perhaps you could make me a hot drink, I think I need one"

I walked back to the lounge, then into the kitchen and prepared a nice hot coffee. Hoping that was what she had in mind. She arrived just as I was pouring the hot water. "Mmm that sure smells good, and boy, do I need it!" she said.

I happened to glance at the clock and was surprised to see it was barely after midnight, and she caught my glance, "Oh yes, I know we're back early, that damn husband of mine still doesn't know how to hold his drinks, and once he gets to that singing stage I just have to get him away before he wrecks any chance we have to impress in the fashion industry, oh, how was Jamie, not too much of a bother I hope?"

I told her about his waking and crying and how long it took me to get him back to sleep, and she grinned wryly, "Guess we've both had an evening we could have done without" she said, " What we need is something to brighten us both up - and she grinned - why don't you go and put on that fabulous dress again, you know you like parading in it, and I could show you how a model really shows the dress off to perfection, and we'll soon forget the problems of the evening"

I only hesitated a moment, the thought of wearing the dress, of being taught how to be a model, was just too overwhelming, so with a nervous laugh I danced off to the spare room and put the dress on once again. When I returned, Francine was in the lounge room sitting cross legged on the couch, clutching her coffee cup, there was no low whistle this time, but her eyes were on me from the moment I walked in, and she gestured for me to walk up and down in front of her, giving me little tips as I went. 

Once again, the straightening of the shoulders and back to enhance the bust line, the extra wiggle of the buttocks at each turn, the need to smile constantly and occasionally throw my head back so my hair bounced around my shoulders and my breasts. Then she placed her empty cup on the side table and rose up from the couch to walk around me at close quarters, humming and nodding every now and again. "The only problem with this particular material" she said "is that it needs to be constantly smooth, with no protrusions, now I see you've been sensible enough not to wear a bra, but unfortunately the panties create quite a line and spoils the total effect, why don't you slip them off and see if you can see the difference"

I gulped, looking sharply at the door to the corridor, and she laughed, "Oh don't worry about Jeremy, he's out for the count for the rest of the night"

I felt myself flushing, and realized that I was acting like a child when I really wanted to be seen as a sophisticated woman, so just turning away slightly from Francine for modesty sake, I lifted up the hem of the dress, quickly peeled my panties down and tossed them onto the chair and let the dress drop down again, feeling the heat suddenly start to flow through my body. When I glanced over at Francine I could see that she was slightly flushed too, her eyes still lying on my discarded panties, and her tongue wiping across her lips. Then she shook her head, and turned to look at me, her eyes sweeping up and down my body, much as Jeremy's had done the first time, in fact, it gave me the same feeling of heat and excitement. She grinned and walked around me once again, "Mmmm that's so much better" she sighed, "such perfect lines now" and she reached out and brushed her hand across the material stretched over my tight buttocks, "Can you feel the difference? the new sense of freedom?, the new feeling of sensuality?" she asked, her hands still lightly caressing my buttocks.

"Yes" I whispered hoarsely, not entirely sure I should be enjoying the feeling of her hands on my buttocks the way I was, I even found myself bending slightly as if to press my ass cheeks more into her hands, and I think she detected it, as she moved around behind me and placed both hands on my buttocks, gently stroking and caressing, and I seemed to be holding my breath.

Then she moved closer and her hands slid around over my hips and up my stomach to lightly cup my breasts. "Mmmm, you are indeed a glorious creature!" she whispered, "Such a perfect, firm young body, just like I had when I was modeling!"

"But you're still incredibly beautiful and have a fantastic body!" I whispered back.

"Well I do try to keep in shape," she said quietly as if to herself, "And I do appreciate a beautiful body, mine or anyone elses..."

She was still lightly caressing my breasts and rubbing against my stiffened nipples and I was trying not to cry out with the sensations that were running through me, but when she took one nipple between her fingers and lightly squeezed it, I couldn't hold back the moan, or the shudder, and that seemed to wake her from her reverie, "Oh, I'm sorry, Felicity, I didn't mean to hurt you", she stammered, and she let go and moved around the front, "Can you forgive me?, it's been such a long time since I've seen anyone as beautiful and sexy as you, I guess I got carried away"

I quickly reached out and grabbed her hands, not wanting her to feel upset, "It's OK, Francine, really, I was just....you know...surprised"

She stared at me, a slightly confused and contrite look on her face, "Are you sure, I mean, I'd hate to offend you" she whispered.

I gave her a slightly tremulous smile, still feeling all that incredible heat flowing through me, still feeling the impressions of her hands on my breasts, "Of course, I'm sure, and I'm not offended, honest, in fact..." my voice tailed off and my eyes and head dropped down.

She let go of my hands and lifted hers to my chin and raised my head so we were staring into each other's eyes, "Oh Felicity, do you mean...um...do you mean... you liked it?"

I knew I was flushing, I could feel it racing over my face, but her hands didn't let me look away, and I stared silently into her eyes for what seemed an age, Then she smiled and gently caressed my cheeks, "You don't have to say it" she whispered, "I can see it in your eyes" and she drew my head forward and kissed me gently on the lips, and as she did so her hands again slipped down and cupped my breasts, and I moaned into her mouth. Her tongue slid forward and invaded my mouth and my own tongue eagerly came to meet it and dance with it, even though I had never kissed like this before, and certainly not with another woman.
