 It was late when I got home from the meeting- I knew that the children would be asleep already, so I entered the house quietly not wanting to wake them up. You were away for a few days, so I'd hired the 18-year-old next-door neighbor girl to baby-sit while I was out...we'd only known her for a short time, but she seemed good with the children so I'd decided to give her a try. 

I walked into the living room to find her asleep on the couch, her long dark hair brushed back over her forehead and flowing over the couch cushions. She was lying back against the cushions, and her t-shirt had pulled up so that I could just see the bottoms of her budding breasts. Despite myself, I could feel a little surge of wetness between my thighs as I gazed at her flat stomach showing just above the waistline of her tightly fitting jeans. As I watched, the hand lying between her thighs began to move gently, and I turned away, not wanting to disturb her or get myself into trouble. 

As I turned towards the TV I laughed, because she'd obviously gotten bored and decided to watch one of the movies that we usually kept hidden. The video was on pause, but I could see the familiar sight of one woman face down in another, and I smiled to myself as I turned back to her. I bent down and gently shook her shoulder, marveling at the softness of her skin beneath my hand. As she rolled over and stirred sleepily I bent down and whispered in her ear, "It's Mrs. Hamilton...I'm home now." 

She woke up slowly, then gave a little start as she realized where she was. I sat down beside her on the couch and talked to her a bit as she woke up, and then watched her face as she glanced at the TV and then back at me, her fair skin flushing with embarrassment. 

"I'm so sorry, Mrs. Hamilton," she stammered as she searched my face to see what my reaction would be. 

"Don't worry about it sweetie," I said as I watched the poor girl try to overcome her embarrassment. "I don't usually leave those videos out, but I must have been watching it before I left, and just forgot to take it out of the VCR. As long as the children never see it, I don't mind at all if you watch it. Just don't ever, ever let your parents know. " 

She laughed a bit. "Like I tell them anything- they don't understand anything about me." 

Not wanting to get into another discussion about teenagers and their parents, I asked her if she'd liked the movie. 

She looked down at her lap, and nodded mutely, her face flushing red and her hands clasped in her lap. 

I reached out and brushed her hair back from her face. "That's good," I said. "I remember when I was your age I looked at everything that I possibly could...I didn't know what I was feeling, and I was so relieved to find out that I wasn't the only one who liked girls as well as boys." 

She looked up at me. "Really?" she said. "I thought that I was some kind of freak...I've always liked looking at pictures of women, but I thought that just made me weird." 

"Not at all sweetheart," I said. "There's nothing wrong at all with liking women...you're old enough now to have an idea of what you like, so as long as you're careful, I'd say go ahead and explore everything and find out what you want to do." 

She looked up at me quietly, and I took her hand, watching to see what her reaction would be. She looked up at me with confusion in her eyes. "But you're married!" she said with such dismay that I laughed. 

"That's okay," I said. "Mr. Hamilton knows all about my love for women, and he doesn't have a problem with it at all. You really can have what you want in life if you're very, very lucky, and very, very careful." 

I began tracing lines on her palm with my fingertip as she told me about one of the girls at school that she had a crush on...how beautiful she was, how her heart jumped whenever she saw her, but how she was afraid to approach her because she just didn't know what to do. I could see how she very deliberately didn't look down at her hand in mine as she talked to me of her confusion and her desires and fears. 

"Well," I said, as I began to stroke her forearm, "it's always tough when you like someone and you don't know if they like you, but if you like I can at least show you what you could do with her if you ever get the chance." 

I could feel her breathing quicken as she looked up at me with her deep blue eyes and nodded once, not saying anything. 

I raised her hand to my lips and gave her an open-mouthed kiss on her palm, still tracing soft lines on her forearm as I felt her sink back into the cushions. Kneeling over top of her, I leaned forward and took her face in my hands, kissing her soft, full mouth gently until she at last began to open her mouth under mine. Her eyes were tightly closed as I slowly searched out her tongue with mine, but I could feel her breathing quicken as she shifted underneath me. Leaning on one arm I laid down beside her on the couch and began stroking her soft, long hair with one hand as I gently sucked on her mouth, feeling my own thong soaked between my legs as I watched her give in to passion for the first time. 

I dropped my hand to her breast, and felt her just swelling fullness for the first time- the nipple already a hard little ball poking through her t-shirt as I softly rubbed it and shifted a bit, beginning to gently suck on her earlobe. Biting it slightly, I smiled to myself as she arched her body towards mine, giving me a full handful of her small breast. I slipped my hand under her tight t-shirt and began gently massaging it, starting to kiss her neck and the hollow beneath her throat as she moaned slightly in the back of her throat. 

"You're so beautiful," I whispered to her as I kissed her, "so sweet, and so wonderful...never let anyone change that." 

She pulled my mouth back to her, and I lost all desire to talk as I slipped down and raised her t-shirt above her breasts. Poised beside her, I saw the gently puffy nipples, pale pink against the whiteness of her skin, but darkening now as they became harder. Lowering my head, I took one completely into my mouth and began tonguing it as I heard her give a deep moan...the first one of her adult life. Her skin was so soft that it felt like baby skin, and that combined with her moaning and the feel of her nipple against my tongue was driving me insane. I threw one leg over hers and began rubbing myself against her leg gently, not sure if she'd really notice or not but beyond caring at that point. 

I gently bit one nipple while teasing the other with my fingertips, looking up at her face and watching as she lay there with her head thrown back, hair all around her, and a look of ecstasy on her face. I took a handful of her long hair and began gently teasing her nipple with the end, tracing it around in circles and lightly brushing it over the top as I gently flicked the other with my tongue. I came almost immediately when I felt her shuddering underneath me, and pressed my face into her breast, trying to get the entire thing into my mouth as I quivered beside her. 

Reaching down, I began unbuttoning her jeans, sliding my hand along the tautness of her flat stomach, and slowly exposing the white panties underneath. Telling her to keep her eyes closed, I slid them down over her so slim hips, lifting her legs underneath me as I slipped the jeans off. I began gently stroking her through the cotton as I continued to tongue her breasts, moaning myself as I felt the wetness that was already there. Using my whole palm, I stroked her firmly from her clit all the way back to her soaking pussy, putting my entire hand over top of her and feeling her gasp underneath me. I began pulling on her clit gently, feeling it enlarge underneath my fingertips as I gently pulled on it and then slid my fingertips back to press against her pussy. 

"Oh, please," she said. 

I moved down and slid her panties off of her, kneeling between her legs as I opened them and looked at that young, plump pussy for the first time. There were just wisps of dark hair that were now soaked against her skin, and I could see the fresh pinkness of her between the full lips. Gently parting them with my fingertips, I leaned down and put my whole tongue on her clit, moving it gently as I felt her press into me. Her sweetness was like nothing I'd ever tasted...I could feel her juices wetting my lips and tongue as she tried to force herself further into my mouth. 

"Just be patient," I said as I looked up at her face between her fresh young breasts, the nipples now reddened from the attentions that my tongue had given them. 

"Okay," she said, somewhat doubtfully. "It just feels so good." 

"I can tell," I said with a smile..."I've never tasted anyone who is as sweet as you." Lowering my head again, I began to lap her gently, marveling at the soft texture of her lips and the hardening clit under my tongue. I held my thighs as far apart as I could, willing myself not to cum so that I wouldn't break the rhythm that was starting to build up. I held her hips in my hands as I really went to work on her, flicking her clit with my tongue and then sucking on her for all I was worth. I could feel her thighs tightening against my cheek as she began to cum for the first time with another woman- her head thrown back as she cried out softly. 

I stopped for a moment to let her recover as I slipped my hand between my own thighs and brought myself to a quick orgasm, knowing that I wouldn't be able to stand any more if I didn't. When I thought that she was ready, I slipped a finger just inside of her oh so tight pussy, feeling the tight young flesh grab me as I tried to enter her. She gasped as I lowered my head to her clit again and began to suck gently, not sure whether she wanted me there or not as she was so sensitive. My finger gradually began to slip inside of her as she relaxed again, but I could still feel the contractions grabbing me as I felt the slightly roughened walls against my finger. Rotating it slightly as I slowly fucked her, I felt her shudder underneath me again, and then lie back exhausted. I moved up beside her and gently kissed her on the mouth, holding her while the last of the contractions subsided. Stroking her face and hair I kissed her gently on the top of the head, holding her as she buried her face in my shoulder. 

"Oh, Mrs. Hamilton," she said. "Thank you...I've never felt like that before." 

"I'm glad," I said back to her. "I hope that you realize now that there's nothing wrong with two women together, and hopefully it will help you out with your new girlfriend." 

She gave me a big beautiful smile, then I watched as she slid her panties and jeans back on. 

"And I hope that you don't mind babysitting for me again sometime soon," I said with a smile. 

"Not at all," she said. "I have a feeling that there's a lot that you could teach me." I gave her a big kiss and walked her to the front door, waiting until she was safely inside her own house before coming inside. Then I went to bed sleepily, knowing that the memory would be even better once you got home and I could tell you all about it.