 Another year of college has started for me. It's been a dreadful summer and I'm actually relieved to be back in my old routine. I've been reunited with some of my friends from far off and others who were- too busy to see. I'm back with my old roommate Rebecca for our third year.

She looked great. She's lost some weight but still kept enough of her baby fat to look damn good. She also seemed to do a good job of avoiding the sun all summer. For now her hair is blue and her eyes are purple, which she really loves to show off. I thought she was cute in her glasses, but the contact fit her. The rest of her is just as I remember, great bouncy tits, plump round ass and tempting lips.

On move in day, we talked as we unpacked. She told me about the time she spent with her boyfriend. They get on each other's nerves more now, but they can't keep away from each other for more that a day. I recounted my summer internship and told her how things were getting more serious between my boyfriend and me.

After we were done unpacking and settled some odds and ends, I

sat at the edge of my bed and just watched her with a goofy smile on my face as she began to decorate her side of the room. She glanced over at me, with her own shy smile and then turned away coyly. This went on went on for a minute or so when she finally turned to me exacerbated and asked, "What!? Why are you looking at me like that?"

"I just missed you that's all", I said in a playful tone. "Really?" she asked quizzically.

I jibed, "No, not really, but I'm stuck with you for the next year. Of course I missed you!"

"Good, because I missed you so bad." she said as she rushed me and playfully knocked me back on my bed and gave me a big hug. I hugged her back, then pecked her cheek. She one up'd me with a playful but heartfelt kiss on the lips. Not wanting to be shown up like that I used all my force to roll her off me and before she knew it I was on top of her straddleing her waist and clutching her hands above her heard. A wild Cheshire cat grin stretched across my face as she weakly tried to escape from under me. She quickly submitted to my control and gave up the fight. Not satisfied with such an easy victory, I decided to take what I wanted. I leaned in close to her face, our lips apart by a mere sliver. I held there pulling back every time she tried to complete the kiss. Teasing her this way, I finally attacked her with a bite to the nape of her neck; something I know drives her wild.

"AAH!! Not there, you know what that's going to start." she pleaded.

I broke my nuzzle and looked into her eyes wickedly and said, "Good". Then I moved in on the blood red lips, nibbling and licking them. Her lips parted and my tongue was greeted by hers. We made out like this for about ten minutes and I needed to cum badly. I buried my face into her neck again trying to push her far enough. I was going crazy with lust listening to and ignoring her pleas for me to stop. I knew I had her when she began grinding her hips into mine.

I rolled onto my side and she with me, never breaking our kiss. Her legs parted and I slid a ready hand up her short skirt to her lace-covered quim. Her moisture was seeping through the flimsy material. She shivered at the lightest touch by my hand through

her panties. I hooked a finger under her lacy panties and slipped them to the side, revealing her hot sex. I ran a finger along the length of her slit and then gently slipped one then two fingers into her cunt.

'Oh yes Lysa, finger me." She mumbled out as she undid the button on my shorts and buried her hand into my shorts. I twisted and contorted my fingers to get the best angle in her. Juices were dripping down my wrist and my fingers made slurping sound with

each plunge. I slipped a third finger into her then a fourth. Her pussy was tight around my hand and I had all four fingers wriggling inside her and my thumb massaging her clit.

She was working magic on my pussy, forcing involuntary grunts

from my gut as she alternated between swishing her fingers inside me then drawing them out only to slam them back into me. She was being rougher than I remembered her ever being, and I loved it.

I felt that I was close and wanted to cum with her, so I began working her g-spot and clit at the same time. She came hard, contracting around my hand almost painfully. First groaning, "Lysa, fucking yeah! I'm cumming, I'm cumming…", then letting out

a low growl. I came at the same instant panting into her ear, "Rebecca, I love it...you're making me cum so good!" My essence flowed from my throbbing pussy, down Rebecca's hand and my inner thigh. 

We lay there several minutes and lightly kissed, our hands still buried in each other's cunts. I withdrew my hand from her with a wet ‘thwop". She wriggled her fingers in me once more before displacing them and then giggled as she look over my face, "I got lipstick on you."

"MMMMM…it was worth it." I sent contentedly.

" I'd better get cleaned up and go see Ethan. We'll see you at dinner." She had a reluctant tone in her voice. I wanted to stay there in bed with her a while longer but knew that I had a few more last minute things to take care of as well. We both cleaned up then went our ways with a quick kiss and hug.

A few days later I was in the dorm room alone working on the computer when Rebecca came back from her boyfriend's room. All of the lights were out in the room save for some candles I had on my desk and hutch. I had Perfect Circle playing on the stereo and wasn't paying attention to what she was doing. I heard the shower running and really didn't think much of it, although I did think that it went on longer than usual. 

I was completely focused again on my work, when I felt a hand firmly grip my shoulder and spin me around in my computer chair. Rebecca was standing in front of me completely naked, save for my strap-on. I had never seen anyone else in it before and was taken aback by the imposing tool. I was even more impressed by the commanding figure my usually demure roommate made. She had an unfamiliar, wild look in her violet eyes. Her alabaster face glowed in the light of the candles and computer screen except where her dark blue hair, still wet, hung in strands across her face. Her heavy breasts heaved with her labored breath. 

"STRIP!", Rebecca barked.

"What!?" I responded incredulous.

"Do it now! Strip!"

"Becca, where the hell did this come from?" There was no way I was letting her order me around, no matter ho much it turned me on. 

Rebecca lunged forward and grabbed my arms. "I want what I want and I'm going to just take it. Everyone treats me like a little girl. Well no more! I want to fuck you for a change. I want to be the one in control, so fucking strip!"

I could tell that she must have derived this newfound bravado from a bottle of rum, but I yielded to her and began to slowly strip. At first I felt a little guilty because I know what she was talking about. She was just always so quiet that most people usually treated her like she was a lesser person and she always took it. However with each article of clothing to drop from my body, I grew more sexually excited. Finally, we both stood naked facing each other. My knees where shaking in anticipation, waiting for her next command. She just looked me up and down silently. 

Then she ordered, "Sit back in the chair."

I fell back into the chair, and slumped down. She walked forward and Looked down at me. I looked up at her submissively, waiting for whatever she had in mind. Rebecca dropped to her knees and lifted my legs over her shoulders. With a determined but delicate touch she splayed my exposed sex unveiling the pink folds and stiffening clit. He face drew close to my pussy. I felt her hot breath over my thighs and cunny. Rebecca inhaled my musk deeply several times. The wait was tortuous. 

I heard the CD end and a new one start. Def Tones filed the room with a crash. Becca took that as a queue and dove into me veraciously. Her tongue dragged slowly from my dribbling honeypot to my sensitive nub. I couldn't help but yell out, "Oh yes Becca. Lick my pussy sweetie." I ran my fingers through her hair and held it to one side so I could watch her working. With a free hand I cupped one of my small breasts and tugged at my nipple. 

Her mouth worked magic on me. She was like a different person. Circling my clit with her tongue, she worked two fingers into my quim and immediately began rubbing at my g-spot. She didn't mean to linger or prolong my orgasm, as I like. Instead she was bringing on a climax like she never had before. I came hard, growling like an animal and locking my legs around Becca's head. I writhed my hips to grind my pussy into her face. I eased up and Rebecca lapped at the cum still leaking from my pussy. She reached up and shoved her fingers into my mouth, making me suck of my tangy essence.

She let my legs drop to her sides and slowly rose, wiping her face with the back of her hand. She looked so sexy.

She held her hand out and helped me to my feet. "On the bed. Get on you hands and knees." Her voice was soft and deep. I didn't hesitate, just climbed on the bed with my feet hanging off the side. I braced myself for the inevitable thrust of the latex pole into my cunt. Little did I know what was really in store for me. Taking a page from my own play book, she placed her hands on each of my ass cheeks and spread them apart. Then I felt the warm wet sensation of her tongue lapping at my tight sphincter. I chirped out a high pitched, "ooo". 

"You like that?" she asked coyly.

"MMM…you know I do."

She took a quick swipe again before saying, "You like it because you're such a slut. Admit it."

I know this game. The back and forth battle of filthy degrading talk. It's what I do to separate raw fucking from lovemaking. Although, I'm usually the one who initiates it and I've never done it with Becca; at least nothing really hard-core. I didn't know how to take it or how to respond. She didn't give me much time to think about it. Slapping my ass she commanded, " Answer me bitch! You're just a fucking slut, aren't you?"

Timidly I answered, "Y…Y…Yes"

"That's not good enough. You don't sound like you mean it."

"Yes, I am"

"You are what?" she said insistently. 

"I'm a slut, I'm a slut!"

"Good…and now I'm going to treat you like a slut. Don't move!"

I heard her rummaging under her bed and then the cold clanking of chains. I looked back over my shoulder and saw her coming back with her leather collar and cuffs she wears for shock value when she goes out. The cuffs had long chains that she usually connected to a belt or other accessories. Becca looped each chain around opposite legs of the bed then slipped them on my wrists and tightened the straps. The collar was placed around my neck and attached to a lease. It had little skulls that dangled and tinkled like grim bells. I have to admit that I was fairly unnerved by the confinement. I was worried this was going to go to far. That uncertainty just built up on the lasciviousness. 

Rebecca took her place behind me again and resumed her anal tongue-lashing. She must have been taking notes from our sessions together because she was doing a real number on me. He mouth would cover my swollen pussy and she sucked and licked. He tongue would dart in then out teasing me, then she would move back up to my ass and try to force her tongue into my tight rosebud. This continued a few minutes, then she eased her finger back into my cunt. I was begging her to finger fuck me. 

I kept fighting against the restraints in a vain attempt to touch myself, but couldn't reach. I felt like a fire was raging in my stomach and cunt. Just as I thought I couldn't wait any longer, Rebecca stood and proclaimed, "You're ready." She licked her hand and rubbed it on the tip of the stiff rod. Then she masterfully guided it into me. It penetrated me deeper and deeper, filing every little bit of my hot quim. I never was able to take all of it and pushed back until it occupied its usual depth. 

Rebecca wrapped the leash in one hand and rested the other on my hip. "Come on, a slut like you can do better than that." With that she tugged back hard on the lease and I pushed back to avoid being choked. As I did, I could feel the dildo press into me more and I let out a grunt. She did it again and again I pushed back. The penis slipped a little more packing almost uncomfortably in my womb. Rebecca released her grip on the leash and began to withdraw. It's strange, the feeling it caused. Although it was uncomfortable, it felt good when it was removed. She forced it back into me again, bringing the same uncomfortably full feeling, but then the mixed pleasure of its withdrawal. Repeating this almost methodically she managed to force a groan each time until I was asking for it even harder and deeper. I was like the person who would bang their head against a wall because it felt good to stop. 

Streams of profanity streamed from my mouth unconsciously as I road my roommate's fake dick to a slow building, rolling orgasm. I could just hear over the music and blood rushing in my ears that Becca was moaning. The rubber nub built into the strap-on belt was stimulating her with every thrust into me. I had lost track of time by this point, but know that she controlled me now. Connected by the stiff cock buried in my pussy. I was out of control by this time, but couldn't hold myself up any longer and fell on my stomach, begging for a short reprieve. 

My chubby Goth had none of it. She rolled my limp body onto my back, which made me have to cross my arms over my head to allow for the shackles. The room was thick with our heady sex. Becca lifted my legs and mounted me. I could see in her eyes the familiar glint that comes with the control over another. She fucked me urgently, her own orgasm growing in her. The song ‘Passenger' began to play and I remember thinking what a great song to get fucked to. 

Several small orgasms hit me in rapid succession, thanks to Rebecca's unprecedented stamina. She was actually starting to ware me out. To this point only my boyfriend had been able to bring me to such heights. Then it started. The big one began to build within me. This was that orgasm that a woman only achieves rarely. And with it, came the overwhelming emotions. The confused mix of elation and vulnerability and fear. Completely overcome, I begged like my life depended on it. 

"Becca, fuck me sweetie. Pound my cunt baby! I need this so much. Give it to me like a slut. Oh fuck, fuck….FFFFUUUUCCCKKK!"

There are no words to describe the BIG ONE. You just loose all control of your body and get swept away. Tears overflowed and I began to cry. My stomach was a massive knot.

Becca slowed her pace, but I wasn't finished. I just needed a little more for perfection. I was able to force a weepy gasp to keep going. My blurred eyes caught Rebecca's. Her big tits juggled and flopped. The sight of this beautiful girl doing all this to me was what it took. Finally, my eyes rolled in my head and paralysis hit me. Between my thighs and on my ass I felt a gush of hot fluid. Rebecca had me cumming so hard I was soaking the bed in a mixture of my cum and piss. But I really didn't care. I was floating in that place I go after climax. 

I was pulled back hearing Becca's plaintiff moans and whimpers. Two more hard pumps into me and she was cumming. She fell on top of me, nearly crushing my small frame and muffled her screams in my mouth with a passionate kiss. Our tongues played for a moment when she abruptly stood and removed the harness from her waist and dropped it on the floor. 

I thought we were done. I know I couldn't have taken any more at all and was actually quite sore. Rebecca climbed on the bed and straddled my head. With my hands still bound over my head she had total control. She smeared he pussy juices over my whole face.

"One more thing left slut" she said. " Eat me out Lysa. I'm gonna cum on you."

Becca's pussy was sweet and musky. Her porcelain thighs held my head still as she rode my face and degraded me.

With a shaky voice she whimpered, That's it slut. Lick it Lysa. I can't believe you pissed yourself. You filthy whore. MMM…so fucking dirty. Ohhh…I bet you'd fuck anyone. You wannabe dyke. You eat pussy soooo good. YEEAAHHH…"

Rebecca was flooding my face with tiny squirts of her ambrosia. I greedily fed on her nectar as it trickled from her until she fell off me and curled up next to me. She licked some of her cum from my cheek and then kissed me. 

"Oh, Lysa, now I know why you like that thing. The power I felt, the control; it was so hot. I can't believe you pissed."

"Neither can I." I spoke with a definite slur. "Wow. I don't know what to say. Only Jeff could do that to me. I'd really like to clean up now."

She undid my restraints and collar, then helped me up from the soaked bed to the shower. I just sat on the floor of the stall, while she threw some towels on the puddle I made by the bed and stripped off the wet sheets. We both cleaned each other off and then climbed into her bed together and slept through the night.