 This is a continuation of my story The Stacks

My head was spinning as I locked up the library and drove home that evening. Natalie's note left no doubt that she had planned her moves so I would watch her masturbating back in the stacks. She had been completely successful: I had willingly allowed her to lure me into being her audience. And if she had intended to arouse me at the same time, I can only say that she had succeeded in that beyond her wildest dreams. Watching Natalie touching herself, making herself cum, as I hid in the darkness, had been the two most erotic experiences of my life. My orgasms had been so intense that I had lost track of my surroundings. And now, now she wanted to watch me! My head was still buzzing as I climbed into bed.

My dreams that night were strange and erotic. Red painted fingernails dipping between swollen red lips; creamy moistness oozing out of open, welcoming folds of pink flesh. Flashing eyes and a beautiful face, thrown back, mouthing silent "o's" of ecstasy. Someone smiling at me out of the darkness as my fingers moved in and out of my own wetness, as I felt myself going over the top. I woke after I came, feeling the wetness between my legs, the stickiness on my fingers. My mind was still on Natalie, wondering how to answer her note. As I lay there in the dark, gently stroking my pussy, letting the fires start to grow again, the germ of an idea began to form. And after a little time, my mind satisfied with the outline of a plan, I let my fingers have their way and gave into memories of Natalie and the night before, letting my body satisfy itself again.

I spent extra time on myself that next day. Lingering in the bath, I shaved everything, including the lips of my pussy, something I had not done in years. I left only a small triangle of dark hair above my mons, so that Natalie would have an unobstructed view of that special part of me. I took extra care with my hair and makeup, as though I was getting ready for a lover. I dressed in a light pink cashmere sweater that buttoned up the front over a sheer, lacy demi-bra. I chose a demure little wool kilt that hit me just above the knees, but unwrapped easily from the side and a thong, instead of panties. Lace-topped thigh highs and heels to show off my legs, complimented the thong and me feel so very sexy. But, already starting to moisten a little just from that feeling, I decided at the last minute to change into a pair of plain white, very absorbent cotton panties. As I went into my daughter, Julia's room to give her a kiss and say goodbye, she said that I looked like I was going on a date. I smiled and laughed and said no, I just felt like being pretty. She would have died if I had told her the reason I felt that way!

The only part of the plan I hadn't worked out was how to tell Natalie what I had in mind. I hoped she would come in early that evening so I could slip her a note. When I got to my desk however, there was small white envelope with my name on it. Opening it, I found it was from her. She said that she hoped we could arrange another "get-together" and giving me her email address, asked that I send her my thoughts. Quickly opening my email account, I typed out my plan and sent it off to her. Telling, Sarah, my grad student helper that I would be right back, I slipped into the stacks and quickly unlocked the glass room. Then, returning to my desk, I waited and tried to work.

Time seemed to creep. It was a Friday night, never a busy time and also the first day of a four day mid-term break, so the library was all but deserted. That, at least was one good thing. My mind kept returning to what I had planned; I seemed to be in a state of continual sexual excitement. I wanted badly to slip off to the ladies for a session with my fingers, but I waited, knowing it would be that much better, later. Finally, almost exactly at 7:00pm, Natalie came through the door. As usual she looked gorgeous. Her auburn hair was swept up on her head, accentuating the long, fine line of her beautiful neck. She was wearing a simple red knit sweater dress, loose at the waist, falling about to mid-calf. She wasn't wearing hose, just clogs. And, as she approached the desk, I could see her firm little breasts jiggling under the knit material, her nipples standing out. I wondered if she was wearing anything at all under her dress, and as I a felt a sudden warmth between my legs, was glad I'd worn cotton panties.

Natalie gave me her tight little smile and asked what time the library would be closing. I told her nine and she thanked me. As she turned away, she took an envelope from her bag and laid it on the counter. It was marked with my name, and after she left, I picked it up and returned to my desk to open it. As I was about to run my letter opener across the back I noticed that Natalie had written on the back that I was to open it after I "finished myself" and returned to my desk. I tucked the note into one of the books on my credenza and waited. I gave her about ten minutes to get settled in the glass room. Then I told Sarah that I needed some exercise and would handle the book chores that evening. Since that meant she could keep working on an overdue paper, Sarah was delighted to let me do them. I pushed the cart of books back into the stacks and made my way to the little nook that Natalie had used the night before.

As I pulled the chair out from the little table, I could see myself in the dark glass. It was almost like looking into a mirror, a two-way mirror, that is. Conscious that Natalie was on the other side of the glass, I turned around and walked back out of the nook, getting a small towel from the cart. I took my time so she could get a good look at my legs. Turning again, I walked back towards her, running one hand down my thighs, as if smoothing my skirt. Dropping the towel on the table, I put one foot up on the chair. I pulled back my skirt a little, just enough to show the lace on my hose, as I pretended to look for a run. Then, standing up straight, I turned away from the glass again. Looking about to make sure no one was around, I reached up under my skirt and pulled my panties down. They were wet and I could smell sex as I let them drop to the floor. I stepped out of them, and spreading my legs a little, bent over from the waist to pick them up, making sure that my ass and my glistening pussy were clearly visible to anyone in the glass room. I was thinking of Natalie in there. Slipping that knit dress over her head, stepping out of her panties and standing in the darkness, naked, her hands stroking her breasts and her pussy as she watched me. Imagining her watching me, I felt myself swell, opening even more.

Turning around again, I dropped my wet panties onto the desk and moved my hands to my breasts. Cupping them for a second, as if offering them to Natalie, I started to undo the buttons on my sweater. One by one, slowly moving from top to bottom, until it was open to my waist. Reaching up again, I rubbed my breasts through the lacy bra. My nipples were hard, hot, aching to be touched. I pushed the bra up and they bounded free as my fingers grabbed each of the nipples, rolling them between thumb and forefinger, pinching them as they seemed to grow even harder and hotter. I felt myself dripping down there now, and imagined the creamy liquid coating my thick, inner lips. My clit throbbed and in my mind's eye I saw Natalie in front of me, watching me, as her movements mirrored my own and moisture ran down the inside of her thighs.

My mind raced with a thousand crazy thoughts. Last night I had been an unseen voyeur, safe in the darkness, watching the woman in the light. Now I was the woman in the light, already half undressed in a public place. Knowing that I could be discovered at any time both scared, and thrilled me. The heat between my legs continued to rise. If someone caught me I could lose my job, suffer public humiliation. I remembered someone once telling me to think always with my head, never my netherness. But, I was too far a long; it was too exciting. I couldn't stop. I thought of Natalie and the wedding band she wore. Was there really a man? I tried to imagine a cock sliding in and out of her lovely pussy, but it wouldn't work. I remembered her fingers as they slid in and out the night before, and that worked better. Then I saw a tongue, my tongue sliding up and down the lips of her pussy, exploring the depths of her vagina and the image slammed into my consciousness like a physical blow. I had to stifle a deep moan as my fingers twisted and pulled at my nipples and my clit throbbed and felt like it was on fire.

I had to touch myself down there. Pulling up my skirt, I dropped into the chair. Loosening the snaps on my kilt I pulled it open and brought my feet, still in my black heels, up onto the chair, locking them behind the arm rests. My knees were bent and spread and I felt wanton and wicked, my pussy wide open. I felt liquid running down the flesh between my puss and my anus and I had to stifle another moan. Not for the first time in my life, I fleetingly wished my breasts were larger, large enough to get my nipples into my mouth; they desperately wanted to be sucked. My left hand continued to pull and pinch, first one nipple then the other, as my right hand dropped between my legs. I wasn't in the mood for the usual slow caresses and finger trips almost but not quite to my clit. I wanted it now, and as my thumb started rubbing the base of my clit, occasionally flicking the top with its nail, I began sliding two, then three fingers up and down my pussy, inside my swollen lips.

My breathing was harsh and rapid, almost a hiss as I struggled to contain the sounds that wanted to break out of my throat. I was sure Sarah could hear me at the front desk! My ass was squirming in the chair, bucking upward, as if to pull my fingers into me, deep into me, but I was not quite ready for that. My head was still filled with images - red fingernails against pink glistening flesh, her fingernails, my flesh. Then I imagined a tongue moving up and down against that pink flesh, and in my mind's eye, I saw a head with beautiful auburn hair, bobbing up and down between my legs. At this, I did start to moan out loud, catching myself only as the sound was about to leave my throat, choking it off in a half-grunt. My fingers were flying now, and I could feel my slickness on the chair, as my butt moved in circles and thrust upward.

Suddenly I felt the aching need inside, and I thrust three fingers deep into my vagina, pumping them in and out. My hips were really thrusting up now and I ground the palm of hand against my clit as I buried all of my fingers inside me reaching deeper and deeper. In my head, I saw Natalie, her legs spread wide, one foot propped up on a library shelf. Her right hand was pushing upward, deep inside of her, while her left was pulling at one of those lovely nipples I had seen poking through her dress. Her head was thrown back, her eyes closed and her mouth open. And I thought I could hear her moaning right through the glass wall, as she started to cum. That did it and I started that familiar roller coaster ride down from the summit. I was only half aware of my surroundings as wave after wave of pleasure swept across and through me. My body shuddered with a hundred delightful sensations. It seemed like I was on that roller coaster for hours before my head started to clear. Slowly I became aware of my breathing, still rapid, but not so harsh, as it started to slow along with the beating of my heart and the pulsing of the blood in my temples.

As reason started to emerge from the cloud of sexual pleasure that fogged my brain, I realized that I was sitting in a university library, my breasts hanging out of my unbuttoned sweater. My skirt was thrown open, my legs bent and spread wide, the glass wall in front of me reflecting the image of my still swollen, dripping pussy, open for all the world to see. I felt the liquid under my ass on the chair and I panicked a little. Unhooking my feet from the arms of the chair, I got up and grabbed for the towel, wiping my fingers and then pulling down my bra so I could button my sweater. I could feel my face beginning to heat as the small knot of panic in my stomach started to grow. I began to have the awful feeling that someone was there, staring at me. 

Whirling around, my skirt half open, I saw Natalie standing behind me, still in her red dress. Relief and puzzlement flooded my brain simultaneously. She saw them on my face, and told me to relax, no one else was around. Confused, I asked what she was doing there, how she had gotten out of the glass room so quickly. Natalie said she hadn't been in the glass room, but been behind me the whole time. She had been off to one side, in the stacks, watching me in the glass, rather than through it. She had wanted to be close enough to smell me, to hear me, to see me as if I were unaware of her. She said it had been lovely and that she too had cum very nicely, right out there, in the stacks, in her red dress and panties!

My face continued to burn, this time blushing with the thought that there had been no walls between us. That she had almost been close enough to smell me, to touch me had she wanted. And as I remembered the thoughts I'd had about her, I reddened even more. Walking close to me she reached out and touched my face and suggested that I close my skirt and go to the ladies room to freshen up and compose myself. She'd clean up the nook. My mind was still foggy, but after a moment I dropped the towel on the chair, and turned to do as she suggested. Looking over my shoulder, I saw her wiping the seat of the chair. Then as she finished, she brought the towel to her nose and inhaled deeply. I hurried on to the ladies to clean myself up before the liquid starting again to ooze from my pussy ran down all over my stockings.

After finishing in the ladies, I remembered that my panties were still on the desk and hurried back to the nook by the glass room. They were gone, and so was the towel and Natalie was no where in sight. I headed back to the front desk to sort out for myself what had happened and what it all meant. As I walked behind the counter, Sarah looked at me rather strangely and said that some woman in a red dress had just breezed past her, dropping a large manila envelope addressed to me onto the front desk. I took it from her. It bulged a little, with something soft and bulky inside and I walked back to my desk. Opening up the envelope, I looked inside and saw what appeared to be a lump of white cloth encased in a plastic baggie. My panties, I thought, closing the envelope again. Then, remembering Natalie's note, I got it from the book and tore it open. M heart started to race again, as I read the words. I felt myself flush and knew that Sarah was watching me. I didn't care. 

Natalie's note said that the panties in the bag were her own, still rather damp because she had cum in them. She said that she was wearing mine home because she wanted to take my scent with her and perhaps I would like to do the same with hers. Then she had written "I have a plan for tomorrow night, that doesn't involve walls, glass or otherwise. I'll Email you. Natalie." I felt myself start to moisten one more time and stood up so I wouldn't spot the back of my kilt. Natalie had planned all of this in advance, down to the envelope, the plastic bag and the panties. And I thought I had been in charge. I wondered what she had in mind for Saturday night and felt myself moisten even more. Grabbing the envelope, I walked out from behind the counter. Sarah asked me where I was going. I told her back to the stacks, I had something to do for myself.