 "Hello?" the charming, feminine voice on the other end of the phone asked.

"Uh, hi," Jennifer said, trying to fight the shakiness in her already timid voice, "I'm calling about the ad in the paper."

"Oh, good. I was beginning to think no one was going to call," the voice said, adding a quiet laugh at the end of her sentence. "So, what's your name?"

"Jennifer."

"Okay, Jennifer, when would you like to get together?"

God, what am I doing, Jennifer thought. "Oh, whatever's best for you."

"How does tonight sound?"

Jennifer sat in silence, shocked at herself for calling this woman. "Uh, you know what, maybe this wasn't such a good idea. I probably shouldn't have called you."

"Wait --", the woman said, "Hold on. It's okay, Jennifer. I understand. You're not the first woman who's felt a little awkward for calling someone like me. First, let's get a little better acquainted with each other. My name's Destiny."

Jennifer still sat by the phone, her heart pounding. She couldn't think of a word to say.

"You still there?" Destiny asked.

Jennifer immediately came back to Earth. "Yeah," she said, starting to laugh. "Oh, God, I'm sorry. I'm just really nervous, you know. I mean, I wasn't expecting to find myself calling a hooker on a Saturday night."

"Oh, you don't have to be embarrassed or anything. You're a woman who simply has sexual cravings. And I'd like to help you. If you do feel uncomfortable, it's okay to hang up."

In a city like Tuscaloosa, where the gay and lesbian community was shunned, finding a sexual partner was like finding a million dollars on the street -- it simply didn't happen. Jennifer hadn't gotten laid in almost a year. Any doubts she may have had were now gone. She was convinced: Destiny was the one for her. Hey, she sounded like a reasonably attractive woman who just happened to be a lesbian. Not some evil, man-hating dyke like she envisioned. "No, I want to do this. And I've got plenty of money, too. So don't worry about that."

"Oh, we'll talk about that later," Destiny said. "First things first, uh, what time shall I come over?"

It was already seven-thirty. Jennifer replied, "Hmmm, how 'bout nine?"

"Nine's good. So what's the address?"

"3716 4th Avenue. It's pretty easy to find."

"All right, Jennifer, I'll be over at nine, and we'll have a good time, okay?"

"Uh, wait, Destiny, just so I'll know, um, what do you look like?" Jennifer asked.

"Well, well, Jennifer, I thought you sounded like a woman who likes surprises, but I guess not. I'm not going to spoil it for you, but I will tell you this: I think you'll be satisfied."

Jennifer laughed. "Okay, I think. A surprise will be good. I'll see ya, Destiny."

"Bye-bye," Destiny said and hung up.

Jennifer hung up and sat on her bed, wearing a mischievous grin. A grin that said "Aw, yeah, time to get some." She couldn't believe she had done such a thing. A hooker! A real hooker, too, from the sound of her voice. Jennifer imagined what Destiny looked like. She was hoping for a Pamela Anderson-type blonde with large breasts, but she couldn't think of any woman in Tuscaloosa that could fit that description. If there was such a woman, she wouldn't be a lesbian like Jennifer, that's for sure. And it was pretty safe to say that Destiny wasn't going to be some ugly broad sporting a spiked haircut. At least she hoped not. Jennifer decided her best bet would be to just wait until nine when she would arrive. Until then, Jennifer had to prepare for her date with Destiny.

_______________

Oh, shit. She's here, Jennifer thought as the doorbell rang. The hour and a half since the phone call with Destiny went by faster than she had expected. Jennifer took one last look at herself in the mirror. The black blouse and khaki skirt looked perfect. Every short dark hair on her head was in place. Time to meet Destiny. 

The doorbell rang again. "I'm coming," Jennifer shouted. She raced to the door and quickly opened it.

"Hi. Are you Jennifer?" the woman asked.

"That's me," she replied. Wow, Jennifer thought. This woman is amazing. Destiny was the epitome of Jennifer's expectations. She looked like she had just walked out of some male teenager's late-night fantasy. She was wearing a leather jacket over what looked like a white halter top, a pair of tight blue jeans that seemed to fir her ass like a glove, and a pair of leather boots. Destiny also had nice, shoulder-length, snow-white hair, with eyes that sparkled and lips that begged to be kissed. I'm gonna eat this woman alive, Jennifer thought. "Come on in, Destiny." 

"Thanks," Destiny said as she entered Jennifer's home. She looked around and was very impressed. "Wow. Nice place."

Jennifer managed a modest "thank you." Although she was flattered by the compliment, she didn't want Destiny to know that she had spent a lot of time cleaning up the place. Since sex for her had become somewhat of an illusion, Jennifer had a strong desire for this night to be very special.

"Do you want something to drink?" Jennifer asked.

"Yes. What do you have?"

"I got some wine. Chardonnay."

"Great."

Destiny sat down on the navy-blue sofa in Jennifer's living room. The music from the stereo caught her attention. The soulful voice of Al Green pumping out of the speakers added a certain sensuousness to the atmosphere. "You a big Al Green fan?" Destiny asked Jennifer, who was still in the kitchen making the drinks.

"Oh, yes," Jennifer replied, returning with two wine glasses, handing one to Destiny. "I'm a big R&B fan in general. Especially the old stuff. I could live forever on Motown."

Jennifer sat down next to Destiny on the sofa. She watched as Destiny slowly sipped her drink. God, she was hot. Destiny was beautiful, but she didn't have the sleazy hooker look Jennifer had expected. She did fit the mold of a strong-willed woman with determination in doing what she wanted. This aura of confidence was really exciting Jennifer. She couldn't take her eyes off this woman. "Could I tell you something?" she asked.

"Go ahead," Destiny said.

"You're really attractive. I mean really. You are. Let me tell you, I was so scared you were gonna be some type of freak or, or -- oh, God, what's the word I'm looking for--"

"Dyke," Destiny suggested.

"Exactly." The two of them erupted in laughter.

"Well thanks a lot. Yeah, you know, most of my clients are caught off-guard when they first meet me. Granted, I don't fit the mold of a classic lesbian, but then again, I don't fit the mold of your everyday street worker either."

"How long have you been doing this?" 

"Right now, I'm twenty-eight years old and I've been doing this for almost three years. I have a list of about five or six steady clients. I work on more of a personal basis. I only put an ad in the paper when business is slow."

"Are you a lesbian?"

"I'm bisexual. Most of my clients are men, but I prefer women because there's more emotions involved and there's lots more passion and foreplay." She finished her wine and resumed. "That's why I was so psyched when you called me. It's been a while since I've served a woman. So what are you looking for tonight? I'm game for anything as long as you have the cash."

Jennifer hadn't had time to put a lot of thought into what she wanted. Besides eating each other out, she wasn't really interested in anything else. Destiny looked to be a high-priced lady so Jennifer thought she better play it safe. "Just the basic thing, you know."

"Like what, you want me to eat your pussy?"

"Yeah. And, if there's no charge, I'd like to do the same to you."

"No, there's no charge for that. See, that's what I love about women clients. They're interested in pleasuring me as well as making sure their own needs are met."

"So how much is this gonna cost?"

"Two hundred."

"All right. Hold on just one second." Jennifer left the living room and returned carrying two one-hundred dollar bills. She handed the money over to Destiny. 

"Thanks," Destiny said with a smile. "So, where do you wanna do it?"

"My bedroom. This way." Jennifer walked over to the stereo and shut it off. She and Destiny then walked down the hall and into the bedroom. Again, Destiny was blown away by what she saw. A nice, king-size bed with dark, crimson sheets and matching comforter lay in the middle of the room, in front of which stood a 19-inch TV. Another stereo was also in the room with an assortment of CDs laying beside it. Jennifer walked over to it. "You want some music?" she asked.

Destiny nodded approvingly and soon, a thumping wah-wah guitar erupted from the speakers and Marvin Gaye's voice began to cry out the sensuous, yet appropriate, ballad, "Let's Get It On."

"You sure know how to set the mood, don't you, Jennifer?" 

She shrugged and managed a small grin. "I have my moments." Jennifer stood in awe of Destiny's beauty. She couldn't help but wonder what the woman looked like naked. "Do you want to leave the lights on?"

Destiny smiled. "Why not."

"Um, could you undress first? I wanna see you," Jennifer requested.

"Yeah, sure." Destiny took off her leather boots first, tossing them to the side. Her jeans went off next, underneath which she wore a sexy black thong that made Jennifer's mouth water. After taking off the leather jacket, Destiny took her time in removing the white halter top beneath it. She wore no bra. The sight of her tanned breasts made Jennifer's groin ache with excitement, bringing a moistness to her vaginal region. Destiny's panties came off quick, showing a shaven pussy (not to mention an ass to die for) that made Jennifer want to scream. 

Jennifer continued to stare at Destiny, who stood in all her nude glory. The sight of her was mesmerizing and left Jennifer in a state of semi-shock.

"Uh, Jennifer," Destiny said, "I can't do anything as long as you're dressed."

"Huh? Oh, yeah, right. I'm sorry," Jennifer said, laughing nervously.

Jennifer stood up and began to undress slowly, her fingers shaking everytime they came to a button on her blouse.

Destiny walked towards Jennifer, their lips just inches apart. "Let me help you with that," she alluringly said.

With both hands, Destiny unbuttoned Jennifer's blouse and took it off, kissing the exposed skin as she did so. Jennifer began to reach her hands down to Destiny's pussy, inserting two fingers. Destiny stopped kissing Jennifer long enough to let out a passionate moan. I did that, Jennifer thought. I made this woman, a hooker, moan. 

In a hurriedly fashion, Jennifer tore off the khaki skirt she was wearing, as well as her undergarments and stood proud while Destiny gave her a once-over. While Destiny was a definite knockout, Jennifer wasn't too far behind. Although she would probably tell you she was in terrible shape, her body was in peak condition. However, tanlines made Jennifer's small breasts, shapely buttocks, and pubic area look like someone had poured a carton of milk all over her body.

The two nude women hopped in the bed and immediately began to go at each other like wild animals. Jennifer, who planted herself on the hooker's face, started massaging Destiny's breasts, making her nipples stand at attention. Jennifer could hardly concentrate on what she was doing because Destiny was going off on her like a rabid dog. The feeling of Destiny's tongue licking her clit was transporting her to another world. She had to bite her tongue to keep from screaming. Jennifer wasn't very good at holding out, so she knew that an orgasm would be fast approaching.

To prevent premature ejaculation, Jennifer moved closer and closer to Destiny's vagina, until they were in a perfect "69" position. Jennifer had had maybe two or three sexual partners in her life (all women), so her oral sex techniques weren't very advanced. Destiny, on the other hand, was a pro. She was a pussy-eatin' master. Destiny was kind of pleased with the way Jennifer was working on her. Jennifer was all over her clit, varying her lapping speeds. She let out long moans to hopefully encourage Jennifer to continue what she was doing.

The "69" continued for a few minutes until Jennifer stopped and shouted, "I'm gonna come!" The two women kept licking each other's vaginas, their tongues flicking wildly with erotic passion. Faster. And faster. Until Jennifer let out a passionate, orgasmic moan.

"OHHHHH!" she exclaimed, collapsing on top of Destiny's body.

Jennifer got up, out of breath, panting, and smiled at Destiny. "Oh, my God," she yelled. "That was the best fuck I've had in years."

Flattered at the compliment, Destiny propped herself up on her elbows. "I'm glad you enjoyed it," she replied. "Come to think of it, I actually enjoyed myself. I can't remember the last time I've had a client get into it so much. I mean, the way you were working your tongue was just -- well, very nice. You know, I bet if you gave it a little more practice, you could be doing the same thing as me."

Unsure about that last remark, Jennifer stared back at Destiny. "What, you mean eating pussy as well as you?" she asked.

"No, I mean making money by serving clients."

"Uh, no thanks. I don't think it's for me. I mean, I enjoy fucking and all, but I couldn't do it for a living. Besides, I've already got a good job."

Destiny got closer to Jennifer and began massaging her breasts, causing Jennifer to bite her bottom lip. 

"Are you sure? I think you and I could work together. I'm telling you, Jennifer, we could make a killing this state alone. Then, work our way up north where the real money is."

"Thanks, but I'm not interested, Destiny. Really."

Destiny looked deep into Jennifer's hazel eyes. For a brief moment, she thought she might quit being a small-town whore, but then, she let it pass. This is truly an amazing woman, Destiny thought. Truly amazing. "Could I ask you something?" Destiny asked. 

"Yeah, sure."

"Would it be all right if I were to stay here for the rest of the night?"

"Yeah. I'd love it."

"Great."

And with that, the two naked ladies wrapped their arms around each other, kissed for a brief moment, and smiled at each other. It was a smile that symbolized a night of passion, romance, friendship, and special moments of life that made you think it can't get any better than where it is now. 

For the remainder of the night, Jennifer and Destiny sat up and talked. The two swapped stories of sexual pleasure, trying to outdo each other. (Jennifer won this battle: "Senior year of college. Me and my girlfriend were making out real heavily in the kitchen of our dorm. I was sitting on the stove, and she starts to finger me. And I'm like, going crazy, right, cause she's hitting a good spot. I mean, my arms are flailing all over the place so much that I unknowingly turn on one of the knobs to the stove. And we're getting really into it when all of a sudden, I reach my hand down on the stove and burn my hand. I'm like 'Fuck!'. My girlfriend just sat there and laughed her ass off. It hurt like hell. See, I have the scar to prove it.") They also talked about themselves, their dreams, and what they wanted out of life. More importantly, their love for life, as well as their interest in each other. Destiny gave Jennifer tips on how to perform oral sex. Jennifer even found out Destiny's real name -- Rebecca. Then, they downed the rest of the Chardonnay and after that, they made love for a second time. They finally got to sleep around four in the morning.

_______________

Around noon the next day, Jennifer woke up. Alone. While rubbing the crust out of the corners of her eye, she quickly arose from her bed and searched for Destiny. Or Rebecca. Whatever her name was. She almost couldn't remember what had happened the night before, she was so hung-over. "Destiny!" she called. No answer. She explored every room in the house. No Destiny. However, she did find a note lying on her kitchen table:
