 Nobody seeing Jan Kilmer in passing would guess that she was a nerd. Her tall, athletic body moved with confident grace and her Nordic features were striking by any standard. Still it was a fact that inside this physically attractive package the inquisitive mind of a true academic was buzzing.

Jan tapped a final period to the last sentence of page 216 and sat back from the keyboard. She had reached the finish line of a two year long marathon. The early research had been enjoyable and the note taking a not unpleasant nightly habit. It was the final three months of precise writing that had been challenging. Jan had decided to work at home, not at the university, because there would be fewer distractions. She'd also forbidden any interruptions from Gail, her live in lover, at least during writing hours. She got rid of the TV and Wi-Fi to her computer. The lack of internet meant she could work only from her notes. Limiting herself to source attributions already compiled along with constant parsing and paring had still demanded 216 pages.

"Dominance in human relationships: Evolving challenges to the established culture." Jan felt it was a solid dissertation. Not brilliantly illuminating but it did shine a light into a few dark corners. Because of social circumstance, sexual politics, racial and genetic differences the assertion of dominance in human relationships is more complex than in the lesser animal world. Jan believed that very little was new under the sun but she reasoned that her doctoral thesis would still prove thought provoking.

Immediately behind the rush of relief and satisfaction was the wish to share the moment with Gail. To Jan's tall and blond presence, Gail was a dark beauty, a lively, petite gypsy of a woman who was serious only when forced to be. Jan threw open the door of the study and shouted into the house, "It's over Gail! It is fucking done, done, and DONE!"

Her words were still echoing when Gail came flying into her arms from the living room. Between kisses and laughter she voiced her delight.

"Thank the gods! My beautiful Jan is free at last. You have no idea how much the city of Boston and I have missed you."

"Don't exaggerate. It's not like I was off on safari."

"Hah. Breakfast together and only occasional love making for three months. Meanwhile you've been spending six hours a day behind that locked door with your mistress."

"I had to concentrate to finish it. If a thesis can be a mistress believe me she was more pain than pleasure. Want to read it?"

"Not a word. I'd rather rub my eyes with poison ivy. Let's forget it ever came between us."

"Deal. We can dust off the dancing shoes and get out."

"YEAH!" enthused Gail, "Wine me, dine me and dance me around Beantown, Baby."

They made a night of it. Dinner at the Bella Luna on Amory Street, drinks and dancing at Club Café on Columbus Ave. As a couple they were openly loving but neither of them matched any cartoon lesbian stereotype. Still their choice of Club Café spoke for them and a very mannish lady had tried to put the pull on Gail, while a cute little lipstick type had sought to park herself in Jan's lap. They had laughed about this in the cab home and all the way into the bedroom. It really had been too long since they had shared each other completely.

"Let's shower together and climb in bed all clean and damp." Jan said.

"Let's stay dirty and make our own damp."

"But the club was so sweaty..." Jan's protest died as Gail pushed her down to the bed.

"Just stay put here like you are. I'll be right back with a surprise." Gail slid into the bathroom before Jan could argue further. As she waited, Jan replayed their night out. The cute little girl who had plunked into her lap had indeed been a sexy number but not nearly as hot as her sweet Gail. All such thoughts vanished as her very own girl came slinking out of the bathroom. 

Gail stood hipshot at the foot of the bed wearing a sly 'come fuck me' smile. She wore a saucy outfit that had obviously been acquired for the occasion. A sleek black silk camisole above matching French cut lace knickers, the whole bit blatantly balanced atop a pair of black patent five inch heels.

"You like?"

"That is so deliciously whorish." Jan exclaimed.

"All for you, lover."

That was barely said before Jan was dragging her into an embrace that ended with Gail under her. She slid the spaghetti strings down Gail's shoulders and pushed the silk down to her waist. She kissed and sucked the soft spot under Gail's shell like ears then licked her way down along Gail's collar bone. Her lover was sighing "Yes" by the time Jan's lips circled a breast and captured an erect, expectant nipple. Jan worked each nubbin in turn until Gail's sighs turned to moans of need. Below the bunched camisole Jan's lips and tongue played over the soft belly to the waist band of the black lace. Jan could smell Gail's lust and pulling aside the loose, already damp crotch, Jan gently ran her tongue over Gail's swollen nether lips and swirled it round the stiff clit. Alternating her mouth's rhythm, Jan attuned her efforts to the sounds of Gail's growing ecstasy.

"Oh...yes...yes!" Gail gasped, grabbing the back of Jan's head. "Oh Jan...Ah...Oh my God Jan, please don't stop ...Pleeease!" Gail wailed it, throwing her head back as she climbed toward orgasm. Jan felt the thigh muscles under her hands tense and tremble and she worked even harder to push Gail up and over the summit. Gail screamed joyously as the waves pulsed through her. Jan continued to lap at her gently, tasting her until her lover's body went limp. Jan moved her mouth up to share the flavor of their lust with Gail's slack lips.

"Oh my God I freakin' loved that." Gail groaned with her eyes closed as if drifting off on a cloud. But she jerked awake as Jan gave one of her nipples a sharp if playful twist.

"Not so fast my lacy little whore. You started my motor going so we'll drive until I'm out of gas."

The passing of two years found Jan and Gail still in love after having worked around a financial iceberg. The problem had not been too little money but rather too much. While still a child Gail had lost her parents to an accident. On her 25th birthday the trust fund that had been left to her was released and she was suddenly a very wealthy young woman. Her great idea was that they should both take off to some island paradise for a life of tropical romance. Jan had eventually talked her out of that fantasy.

"We are far too young for that scenario. The islands are mostly littered with retired fogies and bored alcoholics. You'd go crazy and be climbing palm trees inside a month, baby."

"Well what then?"

"Look, you won't lure me into idleness. I'm getting a research grant and love my work. What you need is a job. I was going to say just park the money for later but wealth can be work too. You should use it and get into investments."

"Oh right. I'd lose it all. I'm more of a Jimmy Buffet than a Warren Buffet."

"So intern with a firm and learn the ropes first. You can't just mope around the house waiting for me to get home."

After many prods and pokes from Jan, Gail had amazed herself by landing an internship with Vandorn Investments, a Franklin Street financial firm. To her surprise she found the challenge interesting and had taken to it like a duck to water. Within a week she was sharing her enthusiasm.

"It's fabulous, Jan! Not like work at all. More like a giant board game." 

Margaret Vandorn had inked OK on Gail's application despite a lack of any serious resume. The girl was after all a Harvard product and was attractive enough to be office candy. Ms. Vandorn knew what impressed people with money. In addition to her financial savvy, her web was spun using rich paneling, plush Orientals underfoot, fresh flowers and smart but pretty assistants behind every desk.

The tutoring of interns was delegated to the account managers. Margaret's interest in Gail was only awakened by a chance sighting while dining out. Across the room she'd spied her newest intern at a table with a truly marvelous blonde. She was mildly surprised since the place was extremely exclusive. It was also very obvious by the looks the pair exchanged that her new girl was sharing more than champagne and Lobster Frittata with the gorgeous blonde.

Margaret was still in the closet. She'd always felt it professionally prudent to keep her sexual preference for women under wraps and certainly far from the firm. Some of her very wealthy accounts were homophobic. Margaret indulged her desires with girls provided by an ultra-discreet escort service. During her last session with one of these girls she had amused herself by talking with one her accounts as she secretly pleasured herself. The girl was ordered to suck her toes during the entire conversation while her free hand stroked wetly between her legs. Contempt for these hired girls had grown. She'd begun treating them as living toys, routinely pulling their hair as she rode their pretty faces to an orgasm. But then why shouldn't she play on the edge after all it was her secret

This accidental knowledge that one of her girls was also into women and was openly so intrigued her. The following day Gail found herself in a new position as PA to the head of the firm. A job Margaret had previously felt unnecessary. At first she was only curious to see if Gail's private life in any way influenced her interactions at work. There was nothing to learn other than that the girl was efficient and well-liked by co-workers. Gail also managed to dodge any extra attention from clients without offending them. For a trainee she was surprisingly good with numbers and scheduling.

Margaret knew she should be happy that she'd discovered someone very useful and leave it at that. Instead there came a day when she found herself imagining what Gail would look like naked.

After that she found herself seeking excuses to touch Gail. Little physical contacts that she hoped seemed innocent. Her hand over Gail's briefly, a pat to her nyloned knee and these tiny touches sent thrills up Margaret's arm. At night she found herself masturbating as she imagined Gail in place of one of her interchangeable escort girls. Along with the touching she had begun demanding various menial services from Gail. Using phrases such as 'Fetch me that file' or 'I need a coffee now'. Then she would talk down to her with something like 'thank you, my pet'. Since the girl had never bucked at any of these presumptions Margaret became bolder.

"This morning I was all over town in these heels. Be a good girl and rub my feet, pet."

When Gail had actually acceded to her request after the merest pause, Margaret convinced herself that it would only be a matter of time before her nightly fantasies might become reality. She saw her fists buried in that dark silky hair with the girl's pretty face pulled hard between her thighs. She could almost cum just imagining it.

As for Doctor Jan Kilmer, she was still lecturing at a leading Boston university while also pursuing a research grant on the behavioral culture of females. Males and females have disparate cultures with life experiences that are utterly different and crucial. Implicit in all the gender identity development which takes place in childhood is the sum of the parents, peers and society's notions of what is appropriate to each gender. Every moment of the child's life is a clue to how he or she must think and behave to satisfy the demands which gender places upon one. In adolescence, the merciless task of conformity can grow to crisis proportions. Dissecting the patterns involved in the evolution of female gender based behavior in a changing society was the main thrust of Jan's research.

As a couple Jan and Gail were a fine example of the old adage that opposites attract. Jan was a model of self-discipline while Gail was prone to impulsive self-gratification. Jan provided a structured lifestyle that more or less held Gail's chaos on course.

One evening they were sipping wine on the sofa with shoes off. The broad work desk with facing chairs that they shared was left waiting. They'd made it a rule to reserve the first hour at home for some shared small talk and relaxation. It was also a rule that they wouldn't talk shop but Gail broke that one by confiding the turn her situation at work was taking.

"It's about Margaret Vandorn."

"Margaret...as in the head of Vandorn Investments?" Jan asked.

"Yep. That's her. She's definitely coming on to me. But in an odd way. It's like some sort of power trip. If she was a man it would be like sexual harassment. Jan, I need some advice. I mean after all you are the behavior expert."

"Baby, sexual harassment knows no gender lines. Just sue the shit out of her."

"It's a bit more complicated." Gail explained, "Confusing really. You know I'm all yours and not looking for anyone else but... it may sound weird but this game she's trying to play is...sort of a turn on."

"Hmmm...it sounds like Ms. Vandorn is practicing some emotional grooming. My advice as to whatever you are contemplating is to let your conscience be your guide." Jan laughed," I refuse to be jealous. We've both been hit on in the past. A few times we even brought them home for fun and games. Bring her along some evening and we'll see what her taste in undies runs to." 

"Seriously?"

"Yes, you know I'm not prudish. One wild night won't hurt. It will amuse me and scratch out the office itch between you and her."

"I'm not sure that would solve things. I really think her deal is kinkier than that. She has taken to calling me 'pet'. Like she might be one of those control freaks who is into the bondage bit."

"Oh, I see." Jan's look turned from amused to serious, "In that case this might interest me after all. It's a relationship dynamic I haven't explored yet."

"So what should I do?"

"That should be obvious. You have to introduce me into the lady's life. A lesson from me in emotional grooming and it will become a question of what SHE should do."

"Am I hearing what I think I am?"

"I think Ms. Vandorn will make the perfect subject for a unique research experiment. I can't wait."

As soon as Gail saw that Jan was dead serious she burst out laughing.