 Jan was distracted from the work she'd brought home by her earlier conversation with Gail. She was pondering how best to proceed with Margaret Vandorn. The details Gail had related on their interaction so far had given Jan a small window into the woman's mindset. The woman, for whatever reason, was attempting to establish both psychological and sexual dominance over Gail. She might be acting on a need born of some sort of emotional repression. The approach had been subtle at first but was growing bolder. She probably felt safe in doing so because, as head of the firm, she held economic power over anyone in her employ. After all, she had given a girl with no viable qualifications an entrée into Boston financial circles. Surely an ambitious girl with only a toehold on the ladder up would have little choice when it came to pleasing the only person who could help her. Jan doubted the woman had any inkling that Gail was a young woman of independent means.

To draw any concrete conclusions Jan would need to get close to her subject. Either as a friend or as an adversary. She'd considered just asking Gail to let things progress while she analyzed from the sidelines. But the information would be secondhand. Jan wanted to read the woman's eyes and tone of voice in person as she probed. Also if her demands became too deviant it would feel like she had pimped out her lover to satisfy nothing more than a bit of research.

The very next day there was a development at Gail's firm that made up Jan's mind. Apparently Ms. Vandorn had asked Gail if she was involved in a personal relationship. It was an improper bit of prying but Gail had answered yes without elaborating. That prompted the woman to inform Gail that she had seen her with a blonde woman at dinner one evening. Jan asked if anything else had been said.

"She told me that it was very plain that you and I were more than mere friends. Then she was like 'But don't worry, pet. It won't affect your situation with me.' As if we should be a dirty little secret." Gail concluded. She'd searched Jan's face for a reaction and saw only a brief smile of satisfaction.

Hearing this Jan decided since she would be recognized upon any meeting, they might as well use a direct opening. A dinner invitation. Since they were a couple, Gail could tell her she'd been bragging her new Boss up and that her girlfriend was dying to meet her brilliant new mentor. Gail wouldn't be lying by saying that I was anxious to meet her.

After a light meal, Gail made the drinks. Comfy in a red silk robe, Jan watched her bring them from the kitchen clad only in black panties. She enjoyed the fact that Gail liked to lounge about wearing little or nothing.

"Just think what a thrill it would be for the Boss lady if she could see you now." Jan laughed.

"I'm sure. Look, enough about her. Has it occurred to you I might be wishing it was you ordering me around instead of her. The only reason she got such a nice foot massage that time was because I was pretending I had your feet in my hands."

"It's interesting that her game has been a turn on for you."

"I mean with us I like that we always end up doing things your way. In or out of bed."

"That's not true, Gail. You know you're the constant little sex pot."

"Only to get your attention. I may start things but you always end up on top."

"I don't want you to resent me for seeming bossy."

"No, no. I trust your judgement over mine most of the time, I like it that you've always taken the lead. But this thing at work has got me thinking maybe I'd rather just be told than reasoned with. Once when we were in bed you gave me this fantastic climax. I was about to just drift off in the afterglow...but then you gave my nipple a wicked hard twist and insisted I please you. "

"I did that?" 

"Yes and I loved it."

With those five words it dawned on Jan that for a smart person she had been incredibly stupid. During their four years together she'd been so involved studying people in the abstract that she'd failed to grasp the true needs and desires behind Gail's often erratic behavior. She was like a child who would rather be spanked than ignored. Well, better late than never. On impulse she surprised Gail by taking a hard fistful of her hair.

"Ouch. What are you doing?"

With only a commanding "Hush!" Jan headed for the bedroom and where Gail's head went her body followed. At the edge of the bed Jan tugged Gail down to kneel on the carpet before releasing her grip.

"Stay." Jan commanded and shed her robe. She shifted to sit on the edge of the bed in front of her girl and spread her legs wide. Gail stared at the open, beckoning sex and then up into Jan's eyes uncertainly.

"Well?" Jan demanded, "This is what you want isn't it? Or is it too sudden?"

Gail opened her mouth to answer but Jan muffled it by pulling her face hard against her waiting pussy.

"Don't talk. Just use that mouth to make me happy."

Gail did not wait to be told again. She hurried her tongue to work on her lover's gorgeous pussy. Above her Jan smiled. She was certain that her sudden unusual show of aggression was welcome. Gail's busy tongue was erasing any doubt as to that. Gail was worshiping Jan's glistening sex as if starved. As if playing an instrument, she used every skill she could muster to draw forth Jan's sounds of pleasure. She sucked and tugged sweetly at the outer lips with her mouth. Her tongue circled the clit, waiting for a signal to french the swollen nub. Her efforts seemed to be taking forever, her lips became bruised and her jaw was tiring but she didn't mind. She loved having her face in the delicious folds of flesh she'd been commanded to eat

"Oh that's it baby, oh yes that's it." Jan moaned, "Flatten your tongue now. All the way from the bottom up. Yes that's it." Jan's breathing grew heavier. Gail felt the hands in her hair urging a rhythm. Jan's hips began to buck, she shoved her sex into Gail's face gasping, "Oh yeah, yes. Suckmybutton." Jan bucked harder, "Oh you sweet bitch. YES!"

In the intensity of her orgasm she grabbed Gail's head by the ears. Her legs went out stiff with muscles taut and trembling. Then her toes curled as the thrills came in waves. It was some time fading but finally she went limp and let go her lover's head. Released, Gail left her knees and crawled up on the bed to lick Jan's lips and closed eyelids.

"I love you so much, Jan." Gail whispered.

"And what fine love you give, baby." Jan assured her, "Now it's your turn... just let me get myself together." 

"I've been saving something for just the right moment. Close your eyes again. I have a present for you."

Gail scooted over to the drawer of her night stand and brought out a double ended cock toy. She pressed it into Jan's hand.

"It's called a Feeldoe. You wear it by sliding the short curved end inside your pussy and PRESTO you've grown a lovely cock to fuck me with. There's a ridge that will rub your clit as you move."

"What's wrong with our favorite vibe? This seems maybe a tad too dyke like."

"No. It's a must for any erotic Mistress. It's definitely the new aggressive you. I need you to use it."

Gail crawled to the center of the big bed and went to elbows and knees with her head down. Her ass was up and swaying invitingly. Like a cat on heat with its tail waving in the air. What Gail was craving needed no words. With a quick look at the thing in her hand Jan gripped the Feeldoe and slid the stubby end inside herself. She was so wet that it went in and seated itself easily. Jan gave herself a moment to get used to the fullness. It felt comfortable and secure. And seeing it jutting up from her loins did make her feel aggressive.

"Please." Gail mewled.

Jan gave her a slap on each cheek and grabbed Gail's hips. She eased the length of it all the way into her girl's eager sex. Gail Groaned gratefully as Jan started thrusting into her. Slowly at first and pausing to tease between each stroke, holding just the tip inside until Gail moaned impatiently for more. 

"Do you like that, baby? Do you like Mama's big cock inside you?"

"God, it feels so fucking fine."

Then Gail started to rock her hips back, grinding the ridge of the dildoe against Jan's clit. That sensation encouraged a steady in and out rhythm. The only things she could hear were Gail's moans and her belly slapping Gail's ass. Jan added a little twist to her thrusts in search of Gail's sweet spot. 

"Oh, shit! Right there! Don't stop!" 

Jan had no notion of stopping. Instead she rocked her hips more rapidly. Her thighs began to burn from the effort but the pain was dull and distant.

"Stroke your clit, baby. I want you to come all over my cock." 

Gail's hand went up between her legs as ordered. Jan could feel the hips under her hands begin to shake as Gail neared the edge. She loosed a loud wail that rose and fell continuously as multiple orgasms spiraled out from her core. The intense shaking and humping reached Jan's clit through the Feeldoe, so as Gail peaked Jan enjoyed a second cum of her own. She remained in place draped over Gail, holding her until their hearts slowed. Once the panting turned to purring she eased the cock out and they fell alongside each other. Gail gave a contented sigh and nestled into Jan's shoulder. 

"Did you like fucking me?" she whispered.

"Oh yeah." Jan breathed, "Your gift advances the science of pleasure."

"I think from now on you you'll find me in here when you get home...with my pussy dripping and my ass waving at you."

"In that case I may have to curtail my office hours."

"Are you sleepy yet?"

"Well...tomorrow morning I give a lecture and need to get some letters off before the weekend. Why?"

"I'll let you just lie back with Mr. Feeldoe anchored and pointing up. We'll see if I can ride us off into the moonlight. There must be more joy to be had but this time you can just relax and enjoy while your slave does all the work."

"You're insatiable."

"Guilty as charged Officer Kilmer, Feel free to use your nightstick."

Their long, crazy night had them both running behind schedule in the morning. Instead of taking the T Gail was able to get help from a car service. Jan was dropped off first so she could start her Friday morning lecture on time. As she was closing the door she leaned in for a quick kiss.

"Call later and let me know if your guest will coming to dinner."

"Oh, so she's 'my guest 'now, huh. I'll call but if she comes it was your idea so it's on you to deal with her."

"She won't pass up time with you. If not tonight she'll show the next."

Their townhouse was in Back Bay so what with the stop for Jan and the traffic Gail reached Franklin Street late. Unless Margaret Vandorn had also been held up there would be some explaining to do. And with the way the day had started Gail wasn't surprised to find her Boss already at her desk and irritated.

"I'm disappointed, pet. You know a personal assistant can't very well assist if she can't be found."

"Yes Ma'am, you're right. But the traffic was unusually ..."

"Leave earlier then, pet. Still it is only a first mistake so your punishment shouldn't be too severe. Back here in my office in five with my coffee and then we'll try and catch up. "

"Yes Ma'am."

At the coffee bar Gail set out a porcelain cup and saucer and the silver sugar and cream caddy. She muttered while waiting on the espresso maker. "Old Madam Margie can't make do with just a cup of regular and one or two spoons of sugar!" Then her use of the word 'old 'struck her. The woman was only in her thirties. There was a handsome lady in there somewhere. If she'd lose the power suits, let her hair down and get some contacts. Gail wasn't worried about any punishment. Even if she was docked a full day, big deal. She hadn't come to the firm for the pitiful salary her position rated.

When Gail set the coffee tray down, Ms. Vandorn waved her toward the files in the incoming tray without even looking up. As usual there were the files of a few accounts that merited Margaret's personal attention. Gail's first chore was always to check their performance against the trading board for any red flags and to make sure the numbers were correct before passing them on to her. She was almost done as it neared lunch hour. Gail was aware that Madam Margie had not spoken to her again all morning. When she finally did her words took Gail by surprise.

"Would you like to go to lunch with me, pet?"

"That would be wonderful," Gail lied, "But I have to meet Jan...my girlfriend."

"She would be welcome to join us. I'd like to meet her."

"And she wants to meet you too." Unfortunately she's having family problems and needs my advice." Gail had reached for the first excuse that came to mind.

"I see." Margaret's tone carried both disappointment and irritation.

"Here's an idea though. I've told Jan all about you and she really is dying to meet you. Since we can't do lunch why not come to dinner at our place?"

"I don't know. It's very short notice and I'm terribly busy of late."

"Please think it over. It would mean a lot to us. I've told Jan how lucky I am to have you as a mentor." Even as she said it Gail was wondering who the bigger liar was. 'Terribly busy'. What bullshit. The word at the water cooler was that the woman spent nights alone.

"I'll think about it and let you know by close of business. Meanwhile this is all very friendly but there is still the matter of your punishment. After some consideration I've decided a spanking is in order. Be prepared to accept it when you return from lunch. Otherwise you should clean out your desk, pet."

Gail hurried from the building and ducked into the nearest café. Gratefully she managed to get Jan on the third ring.

"I have news. I ended up being late It was 15 minutes at most but she was real snooty about it. Gave me the silent treatment all morning and then changed her tune and asked me out to lunch. I knew I had to call so I begged off, Anyway it gave me an opening to make the invitation."

"So did she accept?"

"She's stalling an answer so as not to seem lonely but I think she'll come. I was almost feeling sorry for her until she pulled a hissing snake out of her mouth!"

"What exactly is behind that metaphor?"

"The last thing she said was that dinner date or not I'd have to be punished for being late."

"Punished how?"

"The crazy bitch wants to give me a spanking. Either I let her or I'm fired. I wanted to tell her to piss off. I can afford to quit but I've been learning a lot there. In a year's time I'll feel confident enough to put my money to work. What do you think?"

"I think this has to be your choice." Jan answered.

"Lover, I'm asking what you want me to do."

"Not right for me to say...but I will tell you this...if you play this out we will get even."