 Blue and I are on our way to town, (not to be confused with tomorrow's trip to the city) The town is 50 miles from home. The city is 300 miles. I don't dress hotly when we go to town. Everyone knows me there as a leader of charity... I can't go to town looking hot.

To town, I usually wear loose-fitting jeans and an UN-flattering t-shirt. Blue says I look sexy anyway... I disagree and try not look that way. We ride to town in the third seat of a Suburban SUV with a soundproof privacy partition and there are no windows back there.

My baby usually has my pants undone before we leave the driveway... and her tongue in my mouth before we've gone a single mile... 

My fantasy takes over... a fetish because it makes me hotter than hell!

I was genetically created in a petri dish per Blue's specifications, all of which involved being her hot lover who can't keep my hands off her, but when she's not busy, it works both ways and she's always hot for me.

Blue parted our kiss only a little and spoke with our lips almost touching, her hot breath on my mouth... 

"Why does riding in this thing make me so fucking hot for you?"

I had my hand under her dress, stroking her inner thigh.

"Hmmmm... maybe because I was bred to MAKE you hot for me?

"Could be, but I think it's those jeans you're wearing. I think they tell me I shouldn't have you right now."

"I hate wearing clothes. Hate it. I feel constricted. I wasn't born with clothes... I wasn't sent to you with clothes on and I can't wait to get out of them! And what?!?! My jeans... talk to you?"

I felt her lips smile against mine... 

"You know what I mean. Something... well... prohibitive about them."

I was slumped way down, my body laid back. I pulled her on top of me and held her ass... 

"Interesting. Does baby feel "prohibited" right now?"

Blue lapped at my lips with her tongue... 

"No. Baby does not. Baby gets to have you whenever she wants, and you know what? Baby wants."

Blue was breathing harder... I pulled her lip with both of mine while unbuttoning and unzipping my jeans. I took her hand and slid it inside so she could feel my pussy throbbing, beckoning her... she could feel my swollen butterfly outer lips quivering against her hand, teasing her fingers... 

I spoke into her open mouth, looking right into her eyes... 

"Feel how hot I am for baby? How dripping wet I am? Pleeeeeeeeeease let me suck your pussy? Please?"

I pulled her dress to her waist and held her ass, teasing my finger down between her cheeks.

Blue's mouth attacked mine... I opened my mouth and whimpered for her tongue... she gave it to me and I opened my mouth wider, letting her tongue fuck it's way to my throat... 

My finger was sliding around the center of her ass and her pussy was soaking my thigh through my jeans.

Blue bit my neck... oh wow... she was on fire... her pussy needed me... 

"Oooooohhhhhh... I think baby needs a good tongue-fucking! Would you like your slutty fucktoy to take care of your pussy, sweetheart?"

Blue urgently pulled my jeans off me... I'm not sure why... she was the one getting fucked. She DOES prefer me naked, whatever we're doing. 

I wriggled my ass to help her and she tossed them aside, then quickly straddled my thigh... she put her hands on my shoulders and started fucking herself on my smooth thigh while I held her hips and looked in her eyes. She gripped my shoulders and ground her pussy hard on me, her juices flowing on my thigh... 

I patted the seat on both sides of me. "Climb up here and give your sweet pussy to me... let me suck you and devour you... "

Blue squealed with delight and eagerly put her knees on the seat, putting her hands on the back of the seat... I slid down under her pussy and put my hands under her ass... 

"Now, just relax and I'll hold you, baby... feed your pussy to your slutty bad girl and I'll suck you real good!"

I lowered Blue to my face and roughly grabbed her pussy with my wide-open mouth, sucking her large, swollen outer lips into my mouth... Blue screamed!

"Fuck!... Sunny!... Fuck YES!"

I sucked her mercilessly... 

"Sunneeeeeeeeeeee! Eat me good!"

I fucked my tongue HARD into her while sucking her, fucking her as deep as I could... 

"SUNNY! FUCK! CUMMING!

I held firmly to Blue's ass as an earthquake overtook her! Her body was rocked hard by a tremendous orgasm! I kept sucking her as LOTS of her hot, sweet cum flowed into my mouth... 

"SUNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEEE!... YES!... FUCK YES!!

I sucked all of Blue's cum into my mouth, gulping down every drop... fuck!... it felt so good going down my throat and into my tummy!

Blue rode my mouth till the very end, then gasped and fell over onto her back... oh my goodness... she looked so beautiful, I wanted to do it all over again! Then, she saw the sign saying three more miles to go... 

"We'll be the re in under two minutes, Sunny... we'd better get ourselves together!"

"Damn. Clothes back on???"

Blue laughed at that.

"Yes, my love. Clothes back on. Don't worry, we'll go back home soon... then we'll be naked again! And baby? TRY to be a good girl in town? Try?"

I pouted at her... 

"Well... okay... but when we go to the big city, I will NOT be a good girl. I wasn't created to be a good girl... I was created to be your bad girl!"

She just smiled at me and kissed me. Oh... I had plans for the ride home from town.

Her panties will be soaked and she'll be dying to fuck me... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We got back in the SUV for the ride home. Blue closed the privacy partition... I think she knew I was up to something... and I was.

I immediately started to remove my clothes. I HAD to get out of them. Blue was already busy with something on her computer. It was clear, she was afraid I would get her turned on... 

"Uh... Sunny... please leave your clothes on?"

I had my shirt off... no bra, so my breasts were free. I was just about out of my jeans... I wriggled my hips and slid them down... 

"Nope. These clothes have to go. I hate clothes... you know that, baby."

"Just for the ride home?"

"No... sorry... my pussy is waaaaaaay too wet and turned on for clothes!"

"Oh Sunny... no... don't do this right now... oh fuck... "

I spread my legs with her watching, smiled at her and held a handful of my hair, stroking my pussy with it... Blue could see how wet I was. I slid my finger through my pussy, brought it to my mouth and sucked on it... 

"Aaaaaawwww... does that make my baby wet for me?"

"Fuck, Sunny! You know it does!"

I draped one leg over her lap... I took her hand and slid one of her fingers inside me... I looked at her through my bangs... 

"Don't worry, my love... when we get home, your baby will suck-fuck you till you can't take any more, okay?"

"Yes! Make me cum a lot! Now, ya better put your clothes back on. We're almost home, and you can't get out and walk to the door, naked in front of our detail."

I giggled... 

"I sure can! Watch me... and I'm sure they've seen naked women before. Seen one, you've seen them all, right?"

"Well, no... that's... not how it works, no."

We got home and I hopped out, tossed my hair back and pranced in ahead of her. She traded apologetic looks with our detail and came in behind me... 

"Sunny, my dear, sometime, we'll have a chat about modesty, propriety and things like that."

I wasn't interested... my pussy was throbbing... my inner thighs were soaked. I held her hips and roughly/playfully put her against the wall... I pinned her there with my body and pounced my lips onto hers, my tongue fucking her mouth... 

I took her hands and put them in my hair, then lifted her dress and shoved my thigh against her pussy... I raised my knee and planted it against the wall and lifted her body so all her weight had her pussy resting on my thigh... 

"SUNNY! FUCK YES! FUCK ME!"

She leaned down and kissed me hard, fucking my throat with her tongue... I purred loudly for her, then lowered my knee, letting her down. I slid to my knees and she spread her legs for me... I tucked my head under her dress and tore her panties off with my teeth, then drove all eight inches of my tongue into her... she fucking SCREAMED!

"FUCK ME! GIVE IT TO ME, SUNNY!"

Still with her against the wall, I rammed my tongue deep into her, her juices flowing into my mouth and down my throat... in and out of her, my tongue fucked her relentlessly... then, she pulled my hair harder and came in a shuddering, screaming, earth-shaking orgasm! I kept tongue-fucking her and let her cum flow down my body... fuck! I loved it!

Then her legs collapsed under her and she fell, but with me holding her as she went down, my hand behind her head to protect her. I rolled onto my back while holding her so she could lie on top of me... I caressed her back in long strokes from her shoulders to her ass... 

"Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... "

"Well... you're alive!"

"Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh... "

I caressed her some more, kissing the top of her head and rubbing my face in her hair, then I sat up with her on top of me. I held her ass and stood, holding her ass with her legs wrapped around me.

Oh, she was worn out... 

"Sunny... bed... please, baby."

I carried her to bed and removed the rest of her clothes... she was already asleep when I pulled the covers over us and wrapped her with my body, lovingly holding her to my breasts to make her feel forever loved and cherished if she wakes... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I woke in the middle of the night, and Blue's breath was on my neck... instantly, my pussy was throbbing and wet!

My leg was between her thighs... I slid my smooth thigh to her already swollen pussy... her juices ran over my thigh, soaking me... 

Hmmmmmm... maybe she was dreaming... 

I had strong urge to suck her and fuck her with my tongue, to have all her hot cum sliding down my throat and filling my tummy... I wanted to drive her crazy while she slept, perhaps adding to her dream... 

Well? That's what Blue told the lab when she had them create me... to make me ALWAYS want her? To make me want to be her hot, slutty nympho who was ALWAYS hot for her pussy, right?

Hell yes... and right now, I was wide-awake and my pussy was on fire... 

Hmmmmm... should I use the special mental talent on her the lab gave me? The one they told me to tell her about as a surprise for her? I decided no... I wanted her awake for that. She'll LOVE it! I hope... 

For now, I was thrilled to have her juices sliding down my thigh, burning my pussy and soaking it, mixing hotly with my own juices... 

She needed her sleep and I chose not to wake her.

I got on my hands and knees, straddling her without touching her and fucked myself to DEATH, throwing my hair back and cumming all over her body as she soundly slept... my orgasm was so fucking intense and my cum flowed and flowed from me, soaking her breasts and her tummy!

I always cum a LOT! (Most of you know that. That's not fantasy, that's real... and no squirting)

I shook my bangs from my face and laid my body beside hers... I gently turned her on her side and wrapped myself around her, holding her wet body against mine, wanting all of her against all of me... 

My pussy was still throbbing... sooooooo deliciously sloppy-wet, my cum still oozing from between my quivering butterfly lips.

Still, Blue slept.

With my cum from my shuddering orgasm now soaking her pussy, she slept.

FUCK, I wanted her!

Carefully so as not to wake her, I rolled her onto her back... 

In her dream-sleep, she spread her legs and I slid down between them, watching her for signs of waking up... there were none. I wanted to eat her really, really good and make her cum in her sleep, making it feel like a delightful dream... 

I slipped my arms under her legs and slid my tongue along her inner thighs, taking in her intoxicating scent of hot sex and musk oil... ooooohhhhh... oh fuck... it made me sooooooo fucking hot to belong to her, to be her possession... 

Watching her, I rubbed my wet lips on her clit... her body shook just a little and she whimpered in her sleep... 

I slid my long tongue very, very slowly inside her, watching her breathing deepen... though still sleeping, her back arched and she squealed softly... her hands wove her fingers into my hair and she purred and whimpered in her sleep... 

"Oooooooohhhhh... Sunny... yes, my baby... "

Oh, she was going to cum very quickly and easily... I decided to go for it... 

I withdrew my tongue, slipped my finger into her and took her hard, swollen clit between my lips... 

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCK, YES!" 

Still sleeping and dreaming a hell of a dream, she grabbed my hair and SCREAMED when I sucked her clit into my mouth and attacked it with my tongue... my finger swirled circles around the walls of her hungry pussy... her body spasmed violently and she came and came!

"SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCK ME! OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH FUCK!!"

Her orgasm passed and I slowly... gradually backed off on her, letting her clit gently slip from my mouth. Oh my goodness... she was so sexy and hot!

I had held my hand so all her cum flowed into it... I got on my back and spread it on my body, loving every hot bit of it! I reached over to the nightstand and got our bottle of musk and dabbed a LOT of it all over myself, and all over her... 

Then, I held her in my arms and cuddled her to me, giving her lots of I-love-you kisses on her cheek before falling contentedly back to sleep... 

Tomorrow, we leave for the city. Could I behave myself and be a good girl? Impossible... I wasn't created with any concept of being a good girl, no knowledge of how to go about it... and no desire for it... 

Part Two coming soon... 

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2017 Sunny Johansen