 You ever hear the quote, good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere? Well that's me. No one knows my secrets. They think I'm such a good little girl. Always the good one, the one who listens well. The one who helps out. The one who says I'm sorry first. The one who never swears or yells, always good. No one ever suspects that underneath there's a naughty little bitch that fucks anyone and everyone she can find. They don't know about the girl that sits at her computer making "appointments" with horny anonymous men. They don't know me. 

You would overlook me. You would see a serious looking, white female with big blue eyes, long brown hair and a pretty good body. Big tits. You would notice the tits, but then you would see the glasses and assume that here is a lady that goes to Church every Sunday and never swears in public. You would be right ... but you wouldn't know me either. 

So, here I am. It's Friday night and I'm currently setting up my next "appointment" with this naughty man with a very devilish sense of humour. Not that I'm all the interested in his humour, but I do love his wicked jokes. He seems like a great guy, just misunderstood. He's married to a real bitch. Bobby's philosophy is: Life's a bitch and then he married one! She's prudish, cold and always tired. He wants a younger, more generous woman in his life. We started chatting three weeks ago on a married but looking chat site and we've been talking every night since. I can't wait to meet him tomorrow!

The following day I could barely get through the many items I had on my agenda. Wouldn't it be nice if family members figured out you had a life? In any case, I had to be ready for 6pm when Bobby and I would meet at the Days Inn. He wanted to go to a more romantic setting, but we were using my VISA and I was still paying for my trip to Cuba. I didn't want his wife to find out and hunt me down. I've had that happen to me one time at the worst possible moment. Fortunately, the lady believed me when I told her, lying straight to her face of course, that I had never had an affair with her husband. You see, luckily the Minister of my church, present at the time of the conflict, vouched for my integrity. So, Max and I fucked for quite some time before we eventually ended it.

After soaking in a big bubble bath, I felt limber and ready for a night of hot sex. I knew I was a sure bet, but still had some reservations about whether Bobby would be there or not. Sometimes these guys I chat with online get a guilty conscience at the last moment and chicken out leaving me high and unfortunately very very dry. However, I really feel like Bobby will come through for me. He feels like a sure bet. 

Getting in my car I turned onto the 405 and manoeuvred into the Saturday evening traffic. I have to say that I am a little concerned over the fact I don't know what Bobby looks like. Well, he sent me a pic, but it was really crappy. I could make out short blond hair and the slim body of a man. I know he's 38 years old and has been married for 5 years but has been with her for a lot longer. He's wicked and naughty and can't wait to suck and lick my tits. Yes, I sent a pic of my tits. 

Seeing the motel up ahead I quickly turned in and found the nearest parking spot. Grabbing my purse I got out and checked the parking lot to see how many cars were present. I walked inside and confirmed my reservations and got the payment situation over with. Handing me the room key I walked to the restaurant area and waited for Bobby. 

I was only there for about 15 minutes when some other people came into the restaurant. Sipping my coffee I noticed this rather pretty blond, who seemed familiar but I couldn't figure out why. Dismissing her I went back to my coffee and waited impatiently for Bobby. 

Imagine my surprise when the rather pretty blond walked up to me. "Excuse me ... hello. Rena?" the woman asked expectantly. 

Looking up, I couldn't conceive of what she could want. "It's me Rena ... Bobby." she grinned.

"Bob ... beeee ...," I stammered, standing up from the table and unwillingly allowing her to embrace me in a rather energetic hug. Patting her lightly, I sat back down again and just looked at her in utter shock.

"What is it Rena," she whispered teasingly, "Did you think I would pass up an opportunity to suck those juicy tits?" Leaning forward she took my hands in hers and when the waitress came over I wanted to just snatch my hands back, but I didn't. Ordering a herbal tea, she commented about how good I smelled. I think I stuttered something about a bubble bath. It was a bit of a blear. Nothing about this evening has in any way worked out like I had hoped. 

"Ah ... look Bobby ... I'm a little surprised ... you know by ... your appearance." I finally spit out after about ten minutes of her kissing and sucking on my fingers. 

"What? What do you mean?" she asked puzzled. 

"In your profile it said you were a man ... and you're not ... a man." Fuck, what kind of person screws up their profile? IN SUCH A BIG FAT WAY?

Amused, Bobby leaned back in her chair and crossed her legs, gazing at my shirt where two twin fleshy mounds peeked out from the push-up I was wearing. "I know ... I know I lied, but you had to have known I was a woman!" she urged. "Look ... I saw your profile and honey it was love at first sight! I had to know you ... I just wanted to talk a little bit," she explained, "but you wanted more."

"What do you mean? You're blaming this on me!" I couldn't believe my ears as this woman blamed her lies, her misrepresentation on me. Getting up from the table, Bobby grabbed my arm. 

"Just calm down. Lets not freak out here ok? Let's just go up to the room and talk ... in private," she insisted. Looking at the crowded restaurant that seemed to staring at us, I agreed. I paid for the damn room, we might as well use it for a conference room. There had to be something illegal I could have her charged with for doing this to me!

Opening the door, I noticed the bed queen-sized bed. Looking forlornly at the bed, I walked to one of the chairs and sat down. Bobby, of course, took the bed and taking off her coat, tossing her night bag in the corner, she tested the firmness of the mattress. 

"So talk," I said. 

Getting off the bed, she came to stand in front of me. "You've never been with a woman have you?" she asked. 

"No," I answered honestly. 

Laughing, she walked back to the bed. Not liking her demeanour one bit, I asked, "What the hell is wrong with that?"

"You call yourself adventurous, sexy ... naughty," Bobby whispered sexily, "but you've never fucked a woman!" she laughed. "What's so adventurous about you! I'm not the only one who's lying," she smirked kicking off her boots. 

"So what do you expect me to do? Fuck you to prove I'm as adventurous as you are?" I scoffed. "You don't really think that kind of logic is going to work, do you?" I asked mockingly. 

Lying there on the bed, she looked pissed but determined. She was really very delicate and much more youthful looking than I would expect of a woman of 38. Her face was smooth and unlined and her lips very full. I imagine most men would love to put a prick between her sexy mouth. "How about a deal. Hmmm? You try having a little fun with me and if you don't like it, you leave, no moaning or bitching on my part? How about it?" 

"I don't know," I said, hesitant to take this final step. 

"You like submission right? Well how would you like to submit to a woman, hmmm?" she offered. "I could do things to you, you've never imagine and that's not just a line," Bobby promised. 

Getting up from the bed, she walked over to where I was sitting. Looking down at me, she ran one hand down to where the swell of one breast was popping out and slipping her finger in the valley below, pushed her finger inside my sweater. Removing her hand, she slowly licked and sucked her finger. "Mmmmmmmmmmm, I taste a horny slut," she whispered. "You know you want to, do it. Be a naughty bitch for me," she teased.

Standing up, I began to remove my clothes, I could hear her breathing hitch as I pulled the tight sweater off. She began to disrobe as well, never taking her eyes off me, it seemed. I could feel her intense gaze on my tits, my belly, my cunt, my ass. When I was completely naked she came up behind me, one hand on my creamy tit mound and the other on my steaming sex. Dipping one finger inside, she began to lick and suck on my neck, causing my body to respond. 

Without any warning, she shoved me on to the bed. Falling forward, my ass in the air, she fell on top of me. I could feel her skinny body, her hands rubbing and caressing my exposed flesh. Pushing me forward even more, she got between my opened legs and began to lick my exposed genitals. Running her tongue down the crack in my ass, I could feel her breath, "Oh God," I moaned. She continued to nip and lick my asshole, moving her hands to my dripping cunt, pushing two fingers inside, she began to pump my vulnerable pussy. 

"Ohhhhh ... Boobbby," I moaned at the sensation of her tongue and fingers. 

Abruptly she got up from the bed, "Don't move a muscle, I'll be right back," Bobby promised. Picking up her night bag she opened it and got some things out. My cheek pressed to the mattress, my ass and cunt still in the air. 

"Ok, it's time to have some fun Rena. Turn over now," she ordered. 

Taking my wrist, she bound me to the bed with some kind of black cord. Then Bobby tied my legs as well, opening my body completely to her enjoyment. Leaning over she began to suck on first one nipple and then the other. "I like these tits of yours Rena. It was the first thing I noticed about you in your profile. I knew I had to have them," she groaned against my white flesh. 

"Have you ever had clamps Rena?" Bobby asked, holding up little pieces of stings. 

"Yes, I replied," not knowing what the little strings were for.

"Then you'll like this too," she grinned. Licking my right tit again until it was stiff and erect as it could get, she gently tied the string around the nipple, pulling until she heard my indrawn breath of discomfort and then tied a knot. She then did the same thing to my other tit, causing an incredible amount of pleasure/pain in my nipples. She then climbed on top of me and started licking and sucking my breasts like a mad woman. She put her face between them, squeezing the tits together and shaking her face in my chest like they were a couple of comfy pillows. Moaning, I could feel her legs straddle one of my legs and I could feel her juices soaking my leg as she humped against my hip, over and over. 

My own body, needed to cum. That's the worst part of always being the submissive. It's a role that leaves no control over the incredible reactions of one's own body. I could feel my own juices soaking the mattress beneath me and I desperately bucked against her, trying to move my hips, but my binds were too strong. I could not get any satisfaction. 

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FFFFFFUCKKKKKKKK!" Bobby shrieked as she came against my thigh, squeezing my tits so hard, I knew there would be marks left for weeks.

Lying sleepily on top of me she continued to kiss and caress my body. 

"Please Bobby ..." I whimpered, "I need to cum." Hearing me beg her, Bobby finally lifted her drowsy head and looking at the tears in my eyes, softly kissed me. 

"Ok Pet, just one minute," she answered nipping at my neck and pushing her tongue in my mouth, I sucked her tongue until she moaned pulling away. "You make me so hot Rena!"

Kissing her way down my body, she moved down until she was between my legs. Pushing back the folds of my cunt lips, she began to suck and bite at my clitoris, moaning as she worked my body into a storm. The soft bald lips of my cunt and thighs were dripping wet with my fuck juices and her face was fully coated with the evidence of my arousal. No one's ever eaten me that good before. 

"Oh Bobby ... so ... ummmmmmmm.... fuck ... ahhhhhhhh," I groaned. I had no real words at this point. Everything in me was focused on the flesh between my legs and the small blond woman giving me the best head of my life. Shoving my hips, I tried to force more of flesh into her mouth and god help her, she took more! 

Sticking two fingers inside, she began to pump my channel, all the while continuing to lick and suck my slimy hole. I was just a nasty cumslut at this point. My body shook and trembled and the little strings on my nipples were unbearably stimulating. I began to try and shake my tits to trigger the nerves in my stiff peaks.

"OHhhhhhhhhhh Fuck!" I screamed. "I want to be your pussy forever!"

"FUCK ME BOBBY! FUCK ME!!"

Whimpering like an animal, I sounded more like a dog than a female, as she continued to suck and fuck my pussy with her wet fingers. 

Just when I thought I couldn't take any more torture, the white flashes started and I could feel my top ready to blow. 

"OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD! FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!" I shrieked, crying and moaning like a baby. 

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS... UGNNNNNN!!"

As I came down from my high and my pussy continued to pull and pulse around Bobby's fingers, she just kept pumping me until I was fully calmed. Then she laid her soft blond on my pussy and continued to pet my flesh as I came down from my fuck high. Her hands covered in my fluid, she licked her fingers and rubbed her head against my sensitive muff. 

To be continued ...