 Hindsight is always 20/20, or so they say. In retrospect everything I had done had led to this point. A month ago if you had told me I would be bent over, nearly naked in public with my tits hanging out and begging a stranger I'd never seen to fuck my steaming hot pussy I would have told you that you were crazy. But that is exactly where I was and at this moment, I would do anything she commanded if she would just make me cum. But perhaps I should start at the beginning.

My name is Heather. I live in Las Vegas, born and raised. I am 37 years old, college educated, attractive, married and unhappy. My life has not gone quite as I had planned. Growing up my first love was dance. Since I lived in Vegas, my aspiration was to be a showgirl. They were always so glamorous and I could picture myself on stage living the good life. I took dance classes from an early age and I was good. I had "the look" as they say. My parents were supportive but they also made sure I went to college so I had something to fall back on if my life in the performing arts didn't pan out. They didn't mind if I wanted to be a showgirl, but if things didn't work out they didn't want me only having a stripper job to fall back on. Of course I told myself that wouldn't happen. Not to be modest, but I had a beautiful face and a lean tight body. Of course I'd get hired at the best show in town.

Well it turns out that everybody who auditions for these shows has a perfect body and a dazzling smile. It turns out they are better dancers than me too. Oh, not by much. I really was good. I usually made the second or third round of callbacks but I was always just a notch below the girl who finally got hired. It was very frustrating. Still I hung on to my dreams. I kept taking technique classes and kept up a rigorous gym regiment. But it just wasn't happening so I ended up taking a low level marketing job at one of the casinos. I still auditioned when I could, but my dreams remained just that. Dreams. But as they say, when one door closes, another one opens. 

In my job as low-level functionary it was part of my assignment to talk to all the casino executives and listen to their hair-brain marketing schemes and then our team would go through them and make them work. It was during one of these long tedious meetings that I met my future husband. He was 12 years my senior at the time, but more importantly he understood marketing better than the rest of the "old school" executives and he didn't treat our group as a bunch of ignorant "eggheads" who didn't know the first thing about the casino business. I wouldn't say it was love at first sight, but even though HR didn't approve of dating fellow employees, when he asked me out I said yes. We had so keep our relationship secret, which made it more exciting. We would go out to clubs where we were unlikely to run into any coworkers. He tried to dance, but wasn't very good. But he loved to show me off and enjoyed watching me flirt and dance with other guys so most of the time he just sat on the side of the floor and watched. I didn't mind. He was great in bed so after a few hours of teasing other guys I was ready for him to take me home and ravage me. At his suggestion I started wearing more and more revealing clothes. Sometimes I fantasized about one of my anonymous dance partners just pulling me out of the club and fucking me in their car, but the nights always ended with him back at my apartment. But I was in love so it was OK. Two years later we were married.

With the cat out of the bag, as it were, I quit my job and went to work at a competitor. But as he moved up the hierarchy it was made clear to him that his wife should not be working for another casino so I quit. I was going to look for another job, but he was making enough for me to take some time off so I decided that I would take a break. I was still taking the occasional dance class and of course was at the gym 4-5 days per week. As it turns out, I never went back to work. He got another promotion and was moving quickly up the corporate ladder. He was working more hours and it seemed like our only "dates" were corporate functions or dinner meetings. He always bought me new dresses for these events and it became obvious over time that my purpose in attending was to be eye candy. At first I didn't realize it but soon it was apparent that the executives were competing with each other for the most attractive spouse or girlfriend. As I said I am attractive so I fit this role well. And to be truthful, I didn't even mind that much. I was living a comfortable life and I always had enjoyed showing off. I took it upon myself to have my "job" to be helping him get ahead on the corporate ladder. If that meant flirting with executives high up in the corporation, so be it. I was good at teasing guys and every new promotion meant more money.

He was busting his ass at work and I was busting mine at the gym. Each year it seemed like the wives and girlfriend got younger and their breasts got bigger. As I got older I had to work harder to keep toned and make sure everything was tight. He kept telling me I was beautiful but I was feeling the pressure to fight back against the new generation of trophy wives. In Vegas fake boobs are everywhere and my tiny "dancers" boobs were my biggest dislike on my body. It may be completely vain, but I wanted larger breasts. Hubby was always telling me I was beautiful the way I was, but I wasn't sure. Younger sexy women at work surrounded him and I wanted to be sure he didn't stray. And although none of the current generation could compete with me when holding an educated conversation, physical beauty was still paramount.

Then a big surprise happened. The general manager of the Laughlin property dropped dead of a heart attack. Now Laughlin was kind of the hind end of properties overall, but becoming a general manager was a huge step up and a launching pad for better things so hubby applied. I wasn't surprised when he got the job. But I didn't want to move to Laughlin. I liked my life in Vegas. I tried to convince him not to sell the house and to move. I told him we could rent the house because certainly we would be back to take over on of the Vegas property within a year or two. He wasn't so sure. He thought we might be in Laughlin for a while and didn't want the worry of owning property 90 minutes away. In the end I traded him a breast augmentation in exchange for selling the house. Certainly I would have given in eventually and agreed to sell the house. But if I'd learned one thing by living in Vegas and in our 15 years of marriage it was to always get something for your efforts.

They needed him in Laughlin as soon as possible so he left before I had the surgery. I stayed behind to ready the house for sale. I also began researching the plastic surgeons in town and began meeting with them. I think getting the house ready was easier than choosing who to trust with my bust. I had plenty of references to choose from. In the end my 32b chest became a 36c. Granted that is not huge, especially for Vegas, but on my small frame they looked huge and I loved them. I hated to leave town. I wanted to go back to the days in my youth where we would go dancing and he would watch me tease the guys. With my new breasts I knew I'd be better than ever 

So here I was, alone in our big house in Vegas while he was in Laughlin getting situated. He was living in the hotel for the time being until I could sell the house and we could find something in Laughlin. It started as an adventure. I still was a gym rat, although I got much more attention with my two new best friends, during the week. I also had to keep the house spotless in case a realtor wanted to show the place. Then on the weekends I'd drive down to Laughlin. The life of a casino manager leaves little free time, however, so mostly I just took advantage of the hotel's features and would go dancing by myself. Guys who assumed I was a prostitute propositioned more than once me. I guess with the fake boobs I just had that look now.

I think this new life wouldn't have bothered me so much if he was able to give me more attention when I was there. We had not made love since the promotion as he was always worn out when I saw him. I kept telling myself things would be better when I moved there full time, but I also started taking the advances I received when dancing or at the gym more seriously. I didn't want to cheat on him, mainly because I didn't want to give him an excuse to do the same, but I needed to get laid.

I was able to keep my lust in check when I was in Laughlin, but it was getting increasingly tough when I was back in Vegas trying to sell the house. We didn't want to lose money, which meant we were asking for the top end of the market price wise. After the initial flurry of activity, showings had dropped off. I would go to the gym each day (late morning or early afternoon) and hope some hunky guy wouldn't start flirting with me. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to resist him. The problem was I always got really horny when I exercised, especially if I rode the bike. If I could get on a recumbent bike I was OK, but if the gym was busy and I got on an upright, the act of grinding my pussy on the seat for 20 minutes was maddening. I always ended up rushing home to masturbate. 

It was during one of my times on the bike that I met a woman named Toni who was riding next to me. She was gorgeous and was working out as hard as I was. She shocked me when she asked if riding the bike so fast excited me like it excited her. I had noticed her sweating (like I was) but had not noticed the wet patch on the front of her workout shorts until she looked down after asking her question. I had never had another woman hit on me in the gym. I was kind of flattered and in my horny state even contemplated asking if she wanted to grab lunch. But I didn't. I tried not to ask flustered and admitted I too enjoyed riding the bike in more ways than one.

Toni and I soon became workout buddies and friends. We talked about our lives, our hopes, our dreams and of course about sex. Like me she was a neglected casino wife, but she told me she had a rich online sex life that let her work out her frustrations without cheating on her husband. Toni told me that he would freak out if she ever had sex with another man. I questioned her about what she did online and she coyly said she read erotic stories and masturbated. When I pushed her a little more she admitted she chatted on Yahoo and sometimes had phone sex with a stranger. I said it sounded like she was cheating on her husband but she assured me that she had never met any of the men she talked with so it didn't count. She told me she would email me a list of sites to check out.

I didn't want to admit it but my pussy was leaking more than usual. It wasn't just riding the bike this time it was listening to Toni talk about her online adventures. I was already masturbating almost every day to keep from going crazy, but sometimes my fingers just didn't cut it. From what she described there was never a shortage of people to help stimulate her so I decided to give it a try. I tried to remain calm on the outside, but on the inside I was going crazy with lust.

I wasn't totally ignorant of what was available online. Hubby and I watched the occasional adult movie, had shopped for toys online together a couple of times and in the real world even went to strip clubs occasionally. But I wasn't experienced with interacting with people to talk about sex. I was excited to get started when I got home. Our PC is in a bedroom we use as a den. I checked our VM to make sure nobody wanted to see the house (there had not been anybody in weeks so it wasn't a shock that there were no messages) and quickly stripped off my workout clothes. I usually showered at the gym, but today I was in a rush to get home so I skipped it and was still stinky and sweaty. But then again, nobody online would know. 

I checked my messages. Nothing yet from Toni. But I remembered the name of her story site so I found it on Google. I couldn't believe how many stories were available. I didn't know where to begin. So I typed "trophy wife" into the search function. Instantly a hundred stories appeared to choose from. I clicked on one at random. It was poorly written with lots of spelling mistakes and bad grammar. It didn't do anything for me. I started to think Toni was crazy. I went back and searched for "cheating wife." Again I got more stories than I could deal with, but the one I chose turned out to be much better. I admit, it was stimulating and I found myself reading one handed. My left hand was rubbing my pussy and clit while I scrolled with my right. I admit it felt good, but I didn't feel any orgasm building.

So I continued reading other stories and learned how they were rated so I could concentrate on ones that should be better. Eventually I ended up reading about a woman who was an exhibitionist who meets a real take-charge guy. She had been teasing guys at a party and this guy apparently had enough with her flirtations. He took her into a bedroom and ravaged her. That got me going and by the end I was a swampy mess. I had enough with reading and I ran to my bedroom to grab my favorite vibe from my bedside table. With the power of the rabbit I was cumming quickly. 

After I calmed down, I finally took my shower and then made a light lunch. I made myself busy the rest of the day and didn't think about Toni again until about 8pm when I checked my email again. I'd talked to my husband and he said he sent me some new pictures to my email and I wanted to see them. I noticed that Toni had sent an email but I didn't read it right away. I opened my husband's first email and it was a selfie of himself without his shirt on. It was kind of humorous when I first looked at it. The other emails showed me more of himself until finally he was naked and holding his very hard cock. It was nice that he was thinking about me. We rarely had sex when I visited so I took this as progress. I wanted to show my appreciation so I stripped naked again and sent him my own selfie. I'd never done that before and I have to admit it was exciting. 

I waited for him to reply, but he never did. I guessed he only had a few minutes of free time and he wanked out a quick one. While I was waiting, sitting naked waiting for his reply, I clicked on Toni's email. Her list included the story site I remembered along with several others, which were focused on specific story types. One was a lesbian site and one was a bondage story site. This kind of shocked me and I didn't immediately read stories from either. She also included a link to her image site and another site fetish.

I didn't want to click on the last one as it sounding like it would put spyware on my computer and I didn't want my husband finding out I'd been looking at this material, so I started with her photo site. Toni's site was a mix of pictures of her (nothing naked but some revealing shots) and blog entries which turned out to be very explicit. It turns out she is quite an exhibitionist. Some were selfies and somebody else had taken some. According to her blog she had a special "friend" who told her what kind of clothes to wear and how to pose for her photo sessions. I had to admit, she looked great and the thought of someone directing her how to pose was exciting. 

As a closet exhibitionist myself (hence my love of dancing and flirting) the idea that somebody would tell me what to wear and where to show myself off was interesting. I was starting to get aroused again. I stared at her pictures and reread her blog posts again and again imagining I was the one showing myself off. Certainly I could never post pictures of myself in this manner due to my husband's position. I wondered how Toni's husband allowed it. I jumped back to the story site and this time searched for exhibition stories. I found one that seemed to match Toni's situation and I started playing with myself while reading it. This time I didn't need my vibe to cum. That was very rare. My fingers rarely took me over the edge, but this time the story was my stimulation along with thinking about Toni's photos.

I left myself breathless and quivering by the end of the story having had one of the best orgasms of my life in the process. I shut down my PC and headed to bed. I didn't shower. I felt sweaty and dirty after my finger session and I wanted to remember that while I slept. But I couldn't sleep. I had too many thoughts of Toni running through my brain. After fighting them for an hour I got back up, put on a robe and headed back to my PC.

This time I wasn't scared and I logged onto the fetish site. Toni had included her screen name so I was able to search for her. She wasn't kidding when she said she had a secret online life. She must have had 100 friends and at least that many explicit photos. These were way racier than on her site, but since she wasn't using her real name I guess it was safer. I started to look at the groups she belonged to and the first few didn't surprise me. Exhibitionist was the first. I kind of went "well duh" when I read that. But there were others like Daddy/Daughter, Collars & Leashes and Dommes & Female Subs, which surprised me. 

I tried to check out these groups but found I needed to register before I could look much further around. I wasn't about to use my real information so Leslie in Carson City was born. I did answer the rest of the registration questions truthfully including what I thought my fetishes might be and that I was looking for friends. This apparently large group of people who thought like Toni intrigued me. There were hundreds of members that listed Las Vegas as their home. I never knew they even existed. 

I ended up spending the rest of the night exploring this culture online. I clicked on the profiles of many of Toni's friends figuring that was a good place to start as well as checking out the groups she had joined. I ended up joining most of them. From time to time I started to feel excited by what I was reading about and so I would jump over to the story site and read some nasty story and get myself off. I was tempted to send a message to some of Tori's friends but I chickened out. It did post a few messages in her groups hoping to find my own friends, but nobody messaged me off. By the time I finally went to bed the sun was rising and my pussy was sore from four sessions with my fingers and vibe. I was sound asleep when the phone rang at 9am. I groggily picked it up. I was glad I did. At first I was mad. Of all the days for a realtor to want to show the house, this morning was the worst. I hastily got dressed, as they wanted to come at 10. Then I realized I had left my vibe on my desk next to the computer. That would have been embarrassing to say the least. I hid it back in my night table and took myself to breakfast.

After breakfast I went to the gym. Toni was there as usual and we rode bikes next to each other. I couldn't help myself. I pictured her getting excited rubbing against the bicycle seat. Knowing what I now knew about her, my own pussy started getting juicy as I imagined her doing some of the things she confessed to enjoying in her profile. My visions were abstract but I could see her being bent over and spanked. Or tied to the bed with one guy fucking her and one guy forcing his cock into her mouth. Then I remembered some of her groups her focused on lesbian or bisexual sex. This brought her to a new light in my mind. I'd never had sex with a woman before, but Toni was so sexual in my mind right then I probably would have accepted any advance she made. 

But as aroused as I was becoming, and as lurid as my thoughts were, our conversation was typical gym talk. Nothing unusual and nothing about the websites she had sent me. I didn't know if she had forgotten emailing me her list or if she was waiting for me to bring it up. If it was the latter, she would have to wait a while as I was definitely not ready to admit I'd been digitally spying on her. By the time we finished our workout my pussy was on fire. I made a weak excuse that I had to get home and clean for the realtor instead of showering with her and accepting her lunch offer. The truth was I needed to get my fingers on my clit as soon as possible. At first that meant sitting in my car in the parking lot, but there were way to many people walking around for me to enjoy myself. Luckily there is a park not to far from the gym and around noon there was enough privacy for me to masturbate in my car safely. I was definitely starting to feel a bit out of control. I'd never masturbated in public (well semi-public) before but my pussy had a mind of its own and was demanding attention. I'd also never stayed up all night playing with myself. I needed to get to Laughlin this weekend and attack my hubby. I needed some cock.
