 The next morning I woke up sore, but feeling great. Mistress Jacqui had been rough with me. I would have preferred if we had more sex, but I couldn't deny the feelings she had awoken in me. I hoped there would be an email waiting for me with instructions to rush back to her arms, but there was not. I suppose I shouldn't have expected her to be emotionally lost without me the way I knew I'd feel without her. I knew she had many other slaves, both male and female to serve her and I was just another toy to her. But still, I thought maybe my being new would excite her. Oh well. Back to the usual grind I suppose.

I made breakfast and showered. I checked my email again but there was nothing. I thought about email her and thanking her for last night, but I decided against it. I didn't want to look to needy or anxious. Instead I got dressed and headed to the gym.

At first my workout was nothing special. As I exercised my mind was focused not on my activity but on Mistress Jacqui and what she had done to me. Then Toni arrived and I switched from lifting to our favorite bikes. They were the two on the end of the cardio room. Not exactly private for an intimate conversation, but a little more so than the machines in the middle of the room. I had a lot of questions for Toni. Hopefully the other people at the gym would all be plugged into their music players or phones and we could talk openly.

Toni seemed to be walking gingerly as she approached me. She looked like she had injured herself. Maybe she pulled her hamstring or something. She gave me a hug as a greeting and then we got on the bikes. Riding, she didn't seem hurt as she set a brisk pace. She seemed very focused and not in the mood to talk. I tried to match her pace, but I was too worn out from the night before to keep up with her. I slowed down a bit, but kept riding. After a few minutes Toni turned her head to me.

"You had better get in better shape if you want Mistress to keep you around. We were not up that late last night."

She then turned her head forward and sped up a little. I was stunned. She had said "we" were not up that late. Immediately I realized that Toni had been the other woman in the playroom.

I had so many questions for her, but as I said, she didn't seem in the mood to talk. Maybe she was mad at me about something. Did I do something wrong last night? Did I take time away from her with Mistress Jacqui and did that upset her?

We finished working out and headed to the locker room. I was in the shower before her having decided not to linger and engage her in conversation. As usual at that time of the morning the showers were empty and the water was warm. It felt great to have the soothing water cascade over my sore body. Toni came in soon after me. She took the shower next to me. That was not unusual. I never told her that I liked having her standing naked next to me. I definitely got a voyeuristic thrill looking at her and now that we had been together, the attraction was even stronger. Although I had been blindfolded last night, I remember what her body felt like. Now I could examine her more closely and know what I had touched. I tried not to ogle her overtly, but I was definitely sneaking glances. It did not occur to me at the time that she was doing the same to me. She had seen me at my most vulnerable last night with nothing left to hide. I don't think seeing me in the shower meant as much to her. But maybe I was wrong.

During one of my sneaky glances (which it turns out was not so sneaky) I saw Toni looking toward the locker room. Apparently she was satisfied that nobody else was coming into the showers because she moved closer to me and took my hands in hers. At first she just sensually touched my palms and our fingers intertwined. My heart started to race. I closed my eyes feeling again the excitement of the night before. My breathing slowed and deepened. I moved my head forward and puckered my lips in anticipation of kissing her passionately. But instead I felt my body being pushed backward and my arms being raised above my head.

With a thud I hit the shower wall. The tile was cold to the touch compared to the warm water. My entire back felt like ice and I felt a shiver run through my body. With grace and skill Toni had left go of my fingers and was now pressing my wrists against the wall. She was holding them firmly and although I'm sure I could have broken free, I didn't want to get away from her.

Although my back was cold, my front was hot. Not so much from the water but from the heat of her body pressing against mine. And then there was the kiss. 

Ever since she took my hands and I closed my eyes I had been imagining the most passionate kiss you can envision. Toni did not disappoint. Oh it wasn't the fiery dueling tongues mad capped French variety. It was a firm, yet somehow gentle, all encompassing kiss which melted me to the core. The feeling of her breasts mashing against mine, her hard nipples rubbing against mine own, and her pubic bone pressing against my pussy left me in an aroused state surrendering to her will. If she had not been holding me I'm sure I would have fallen to the shower floor.

I felt her bring my wrist together so she could hold them both with one hand. Again I chose not to try to get away. I was hers. With her right hand free, I felt it slide tenderly down my cheek. Only now did I open my eyes to look at her. Her eyes were not the soft loving eyes I had expected. They were firm, boring through me with a fiery intensity I had not seen from her before. She drew a finger across my lips. I started to open my mouth assuming she wanted me to suck her finger but she didn't stop long enough.

Her finger continued down my neck. I tilted my head up in an involuntary reflex. I tried to arch my back but was blocked by her body, which was still pressed against me. What a sight we must had been if anybody else was watching. If we'd been backlit we would have looked like an artistic adult movie. As her finger continued down she began to move away from me ever so slightly. Her finger went between my cleavage. At first I thought she was going to skip my breasts and continue to my pussy, not a bad plan in my book, but once her tender finger reached the bottom swell of my breast it curled around the underside. Then instead of a slow moving finger, her hand unfolded and she grabbed my left breast forcefully and squeezed. Not that I didn't enjoy her action, but she caught me off guard and I'm sure my face showed my surprise. With her palm cupping my breast and her nails digging into my sensitive flesh, her thumb began to rub back and forth over my nipple. I gasped as a lightning bolt shot through my body.

As you can imagine, my breast was not her final destination. As soon as she had given me just enough pleasure through my nipple her hand continued down my body. As it ventured down my stomach she leaned in and kissed me again. She was more forceful this time, trying to bend me to her will, as if she would have any problem getting me to do anything she wanted. 

When she reached my pussy her two middle fingers slide easily inside of me leaving her thumb free to dance on my clit. She began to pull her lips away from my mouth. I pushed my head forward in an effort to continue the kiss, but it was in vain. A string of saliva hung in the air as she pulled way before the water of the shower washed it away. As she began to finger me in earnest I began to feel my knees begin to buckle. It was that moment when she began to speak. Or should I say strike.

"Oh, that's what baby girl wants is it?" she taunted me rhetorically. I just moaned. "I've seen girls like you come and go. Mistress likes her new toys but they never last. I've lasted. Don't you forget it. I can make you cum as hard as she does if I want. And I can convince her to drop you from the rotation if you don't keep me happy."

My mind was not really concentrating on her words as my body was totally focused on the pleasure her fingers was bringing me.

"I understand Mistress Jacqui's need for fresh meat. And I love serving her with all my heart. But last night I didn't get my needs met and that has to change. So right now you are going to get down on your knees and eat my pussy. And you had better do it right because otherwise I'll take you back into the locker room and paddle that ass of yours raw. Do we understand each other?"

I was still distracted by her fingers, but I heard enough of what she said to remember "knees" and "eat my pussy." I nodded. She released my wrists. "Then do it slut and do it well."

In an instant our relationship changed. As my knees hit the warm tile floor of the shower and I saw her very aroused pussy in front of me I realized I now had two mistresses, although I didn't tell her that. I gingerly moved my head forward unsure of what style she wanted me to employ. I wasn't sure if she wanted nice and tender or hard and naughty. She made the decision by grabbing my hair and pulling me forcefully against her cunt. "Get in there bitch," I remember hearing her say. And get in there I did. 

I didn't think I was doing such a good job. She was basically just rubbing herself off on my face. But I was good with that. Whatever Toni wanted right then was good with me. Even when she spun around and pulled my face against her ass I was ok with whatever she chose. "Get your nose in there deep," she called out. "Then use your tongue," she exclaimed as she pulled my head up moving me where she wanted me.

It was my first rim job but I based on her reaction I doubt it will be my last. I had both hand on her hips pulling her tightly against my face. Her hand was still intertwined in my hair pulling me tighter still against her backside. I couldn't tell but I imagined her other hand was rubbing her pussy. Then I heard a gasp. But it wasn't from Toni and it certainly wasn't from me.

"What the fuck?" I heard a woman's voice exclaim. "You can't do that in here! I'm getting the manager."

Then I heard Toni reply. "She's got a talented tongue. She'll be happy to service you in exchange for your silence."

Although I'd been shared by Mistress Jacqui with the girl from the adult bookstore, that was the first time I felt like I was being pimped out. I peeked out from behind Toni's ass to look at the woman who interrupted us. She was not without her charms. She was a brunette, older like me, and in good shape. I guess eating her pussy wouldn't be a bad thing. But she wasn't interested. "Fuck you dyke!" she screamed at Toni. "I'll have you kicked out of this gym." With that she stormed off back into the locker room. I was nervous, but Toni didn't seem upset. She simply spun around again so my mouth was on her pussy. 

"It will take her a minute or two to get dressed then she has to find the manager. Hurry up and get me off."

I was amazed that she still wanted sex. I was ready to get dressed myself and hightail it out of the gym. But I was in no position to argue. I pushed my tongue into her pussy. It was wetter than when I starting to tongue her ass. Between my analingous and being caught, Toni's arousal went into overdrive. I was confident I could get her off quickly. I quickly began alternating between licking the soft wet folded of her pussy and sucking on her hard, exposed clitoris. And I could tell my efforts were appreciated as her juices were flowing freely into my mouth.

"Finger fuck me while you do that. Use both hands. Do my ass at the same time."

If the manager returned with the other woman at that moment she would have a great view as my middle finger on my left hand pushed easily into Toni's ass. It was obvious anal play was something she did frequently because her rosebud opened right up for my invading finger.

"I can barely feel that," she exclaimed. "Use two or three fingers babe," she called out to me. I added a second finger to her ass while with my right hand I sought out her pussy. Pulling my mouth back momentarily I pushed three fingers into her and began rubbing her clit much like she had done to me. I alternated using my thumb and my tongue on her clit and I must have been doing something right because she climaxed very quickly after I had begun my dual penetration. 

Toni didn't have the wild screaming orgasm I had hoped she would. Maybe she was more concerned about being caught than she led on. But she definitely came. I felt her ass clamp down on my fingers as did her pussy and the cutest whimper escaped her lips. I was happen with myself for getting her off as she grabbed both my wrists again and pulled my fingers out of her now satisfied holes. She then held both my hands under the water spray and rubbed them together cleaning off the evidence of our tryst. Then she pulled me to my feet.

"Everyday when we work out you are going to get me off. It might be here at the gym or it might be at my house, but your job now includes making me orgasm. Do you understand?"

I nodded.

"Good. Now get dressed before the manager arrives. Deny everything. We'll be fine."

I got the sense this wasn't the first time she'd been caught in this shower and wondered how many other women she had recruited for Mistress Jacqui. I couldn't help but admire her ass as she walked out of the shower. I'd never licked someone's asshole before and was glad she had basically forced me to for my first time. But I had to admit to myself I did enjoy her dominating me in the shower. I don't think I'd want her as my full time mistress. Mistress Jacqui was still my preference as far as that went, but I could hardly complain about what we just did. I was still sitting on the shower floor daydreaming about pleasuring Toni when the manager walked into the shower area with the woman who caught us.

"She's the one," the woman said pointing toward me. "The other one must be by the lockers."

The manager looked at me. I'm sure I looked guilty.

"Please come to my office after you dress," she said calmly. Then she turned to walk back to the lockers. I quickly stood up and followed them. I didn't bother to wrap my towel around my body. They had both seen me naked already and if Toni and I somehow offended the woman who busted us, I wanted to make her as uncomfortable as I could. I also wanted to see them confront Toni.

By the time I reached them Toni was already dressed and in full denial mode. The woman who caught us was incredulous. The manager was smiling. She told the woman that since there was no evidence that Toni did anything her hands were tied. The woman stormed off in a huff and then Toni and the manager walked out of the locker room. I started getting dressed.

I assumed from the manager's smile that she knew Toni and that she wasn't really going to kick me out of the gym. But I was still nervous as I walked out of the locker room. I saw Toni standing by the juice bar and walked up to her. She handed me a smoothie.

"Don't worry about Kim. She's cool. She'll just tell you to knock it off in the locker room."

That made me feel a little better. I really liked this gym and I didn't want to have to find a new one. I found her office and knocked on the door. It opened quickly and the woman waved her hand bidding me entrance to the small room. There was a desk with two chairs on one side and a single larger chair on the other. Besides a couple of exercised themed posters and the PC, the office was sparsely furnished. 

"May I have your gym card," were the first words she spoke and I handed it over. Maybe Toni was wrong I began to think. The woman slid my card through a mag strip reader and my account appeared on the screen.

"Looks like you are quite a regular, Heather," she said. I hate to lose a loyal member, but I can't have you and Toni fucking in the shower."

I started to protest but she waved her hand.

"Look, I don't care if you are gay or what you do in your private life," she said. Again I started to protest and told her that I was married. 

"OK, so you are bi. As I said, your private business is your private business. But this gym is my business. You want to fuck Toni after your workout, that is fine, but don't do it in public. I don't like being a pain in everybody's ass, but I've warned her before. If it happens again, I'm going to have to take action."

I didn't say anything, but I nodded. I didn't realize it but I was looking down at the time in my submissive pose. I don't know if Kim picked up on that or not, but she stood and walked around her desk where I was sitting. In the cramped office she was very close to me. She was wearing workout shorts and a tank top, although she obviously had not been sweating since her last shower. In fact I caught a whiff of her intoxicating perfume.

Kim sat on the edge of her desk right in front of me. There really wasn't space for her to cross her legs so she sat with them slightly apart. My eyes were naturally drawn to her strong thighs and her shorts. Then she spread her legs. Her shorts were pulled tight across her crotch.

"I see from your entry records you like to work out early. And I see from your eyes, your husband doesn't really hold your interest any more. I think you need a sexual release before you begin your workout so that you and Toni can keep your hands off each other. That really would be the best solution to our problem."

Again I couldn't really speak and could only nod.

"I know the kind of women Toni likes. She liked girl who can take orders. They also have to be skilled at eating pussy. So right now you are going to prove me right on both counts. You are going to remove my shorts and make me cum. If you are good, I'll let you do this every time you come to the gym before your workout. Do you understand."

I nodded my head and raised my hands to her legs. I ran my hands up each of her legs until I reached the waistband of her shorts. She helped by sliding her butt off the edge of the desk holding herself aloft by her hands. After her shorts cleared the edge of the desk she sat back down.

Kim didn't grab my hair and was in no way forceful. She was happy to just sit back and let me lick her. When I tried to finger her she pushed my hand away and told me no. She wanted to be brought off with just my mouth. 

I probably took 15 minutes to make her cum. She even took a couple of phone calls although she didn't have me stop. She was quiet. I wasn't sure I was doing a good job for her. In fact I had no warning before her body suddenly stiffened. Even when she came she barely made a sound. I was actually a bit disappointed. I wanted some kind of feedback. She told me I was good and thanked me, but I felt empty emotionally when I was done. She said if I wanted to masturbate I could use the room and even confessed that she had a vibe in her drawer I could borrow. But I really just wanted to get out of there so I declined.

"Don't forget, Heather. You're on probation at this gym. I expect to see you in this office before you start to work out."

"I will not forget, Kim," I told her and walked out of the office. I expected to see Toni waiting for me since I was sure she knew what had happened, but she was gone. I drove home thinking about what had happened. I'd pleasured two women at the gym without being served myself. But in a weird way I felt OK with that. Mistress Jacqui certainly used me for her pleasure more than my own and Toni and Kim did the same. I had been aroused in the shower and in Kim's office and my pussy was still wet when I got home.

Fortunately Mistress Jacqui was online and allowed me to cam my masturbation so she could watch and instruct me. She teased me for a long time denying me permission to cum, but when I finally came it was way better than either Kim or Toni could have done for me.

Mistress Jacqui told me to keep Thursday night free for my next task. I thanked her for the orgasm and told her I would keep my schedule clear. The next day I went to the gym again. After I changed into my workout clothes I went to Kim's office. Again she let me in quickly. The computer must have notified her that I had checked in, as she appeared to have been expecting me.
