 I go to ballet on Tuesday and there is a new woman in the class. She is taller then me by a few inches and has long tan legs with nice sculpted knees. Her hands are delicate with 10 strong fingers. Her red hair is wrapped tightly in a bun. She bent over to put on her slipper and the edge of her flowing skirt raised so I could see her leotard running through her legs and wrapping up her firm ass. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. She looked over her shoulder at me, and her smile exposed a row of perfectly pristine teeth. She's beautiful, with soft skin and piercing gold eyes.

I was wearing black tights and short black spandex shorts. The shorts accentuated the roundness of my booty and I could feel myself getting wet just looking at this women. I had on a red sports bra to support my full breasts, and my auburn hair was tied in a bun. I held my broad shoulders back and stretched my arm far over my head, leaning first to the right and then to the left. I leaned forward and the mystery women walked up behind me and quickly ran her finger up the middle of my legs.

The class began and the teacher demonstrated each move and we copied her. After every exercise we bent forward at the waist and allowed our long arms to fall gently towards the ground, a row of round asses against a wall. As I came up I gently ran my fingers up the back of her thigh so that I pulled her skirt a little higher. As we continued through the class we did various jumps and spins. My glance always seemed to land on her round bouncing breasts. 

After class I was sitting on the bench changing my shoes when my mystery woman sat next to me and asked if I wanted to come over to her house, to "work on some moves". My jaw dropped and I nodded yes. 

"What is your name?" I asked. "Galina" she responded, handing me a slip of paper with her address on it.

I went immediately to the address and found that it was a huge home sitting above a cliff over the water; white stucco, with lots of arches and palm trees. There was a black BMW parked out front. I walked up to the big brown door and rang the gong. In a moment Galina answered the door. She was wearing only a white silk robe and invited me in. We didn't speak and she never asked my name. She took my hand and guided me to the backyard. There were high fences and a large lawn. In the far corner was a hot tub, steaming. 

"Have you ever kissed a women before?" she asked. 

"No, but I've always wanted to" I responded.

As we approached the steaming bath she dropped her robe and her naked skin was smooth in the moonlight. Her shoulders were well defined and lead to a long neck that was waiting to be devoured by my lips. Her lower back arched in and swung back into two round cakes. She let her hair down from the tight bun and wavy red hair cascaded to the middle of her back. I walked up to her quickly and cupped my hand around her right breast and pulled her left nipple in my mouth. 

She drew me up so I was looking directly in her eyes. "Not so fast" she said.

I became very aware that I was wearing my leotard and stockings from ballet. She striped me naked and then turned to get in the hot tub. I follow, and as I got in I felt between my legs and felt the wetness begin to drip from my swollen pussy. I dunked my head under the water and as I came up head first with my eyes shut, Galina took my face and kissed me gently on the lips; then harder as her tongue pressed its way into my mouth. I responded by biting on her lower lip and kissing her back. 

Galina pushed me back and sat me on the edge of the tub. The cold night air made my nipples stand on end. I twisted one and bit my lip as Galina kissed her way down my stomach. Her fingers slowly rubbed big slow circles around my clit and a deep moan emerged from my throat. With her face in between my legs she ran her fingers around the edge of my vaginal lips and gently sucked on my clit. The intensity got harder and harder until she was lapping up the juice that was spilling out of my cunt. She used the tip of her tongue to stroke my cunt up and down. My fingers were tangled in her hair and she bobbed her head up and down in time with her two fingers that were plunging in and out of me.

She looked up at me with her golden eyes and we smiled. Her finger was still ramming me and she took the cum and ran it between my pussy and my ass. She slowly got my ass wet with her fingers and began to push her index finger in my hole. I gasped and she leaned her wet body against my sucking the air from my mouth. Then she stopped.

Galina dunked under the water and when she emerged her hair was wet and wild, like a mermaid. Her tits were hard and she was rubbing them fiercely between her fingers. I took her leg in my hand and began to run my hand up and down it. Her muscles were tight and strong from years of dance. Every time I ran my fingers up her leg I would go further, until eventually I reached the end. She was neatly trimmed and her lips were easily exposed. I ran my fingers up one side of her pussy and down the other. Kissing her ankle first, I then move to her knee. Then she told me to wait. She wanted to try something new.

She got out and went to a drawer on the towel rack. She pulled out a hard cock that was attached to a belt. "I want you to put this on, and then fuck my ass", she said.

I got out and strapped the cock onto myself. It wrapped around my ass and rested gently against my pubic mound. It was a cool night, but I was so excited that I didn't even notice it. I walked up to Galina and turned her away from me so she was facing the tub. I clapped my hand against her firm ass and bent her over so she was holding onto the edge of the tub. I got onto my knees and stuck my tongue directly into her pussy. She was wet, but needed to be warmed up. I darted my tongue in and out of her cunt and ran it in between holes. 

When she was wet all over I slowly inserted my thumb into her ass hole. It was tight and she began to breath deeply. I rubbed my hand over her ass and pinched it. Her butt was warm and as I worked my finger in and out she began to relax. The tip of the cock was gently pushing up against my finger in her hole and I began to guide it, bouncing the tip slowly against her tight anus. Galina arched her back and started to push back onto the cock, while rubbing her clit quickly. I reached forward and grabbed a breast in each hand and pulled her ass so it wrapped tightly around the dildo attached to me. Before I knew it something gave way and Galina was begging for more cock. I put a hand on each hip and pulled her close to me and watched the dick disappear into her body. I moved my hips forward and back a few times until she came and the cock glided easily in and out of her ass.

Galina was crazy now. She was pushing against the tub with one arm and roughly rubbing her clit with the other. She flipped her wet hair around and moaned loudly. I smacked her ass over and over again, feeling her pull me inside of her and then out again. She lifted one leg and wrapped in around my side. I grabbed it and used it to pull my strap-on deep inside of her. 

She was about to go off when I slowed everything down. I pulled the dildo out of her ass until just the tip was inside of her. Reaching between her legs I took control of her clit and made swift darting movements into her ass hole. Galina bellowed now and a gush of cum ran down my fingers as I rubbed her clit. She reached behind her and grabbed my ass pulling the cock all the way into her ass hole. It was gone, deep inside her. She held me there for a moment, and then pulled away.

Galina turned around and kissed me passionately. She unstrapped me and we got back into the tub. She sat next to me with one arm around me and one hand in between my legs. The cold night air made our wet hair cold and Galina suggested that we go inside. I said yes, of course. She handed me a towel and with a devilish glance to me she skipped inside.