 The door crashed open. She ducked, shielding her eyes from the stinging dust blown in by the howling wind. Daring to glance up, she looked through the flying debris trying to make out who had ventured through a duststorm to a downtown gem store.

She cursed inwardly as she made out the unmistakeable silhouette. Tall and wearing that ridiculous triangular hat. Long, red hair whipping around her face, tan leather coat blown tight around her ample figure. There was only one law officer who would answer an alarm on a night like this: Maggie Graves.

Maggie slammed the door shut and the room became eerily quiet. The two women stared at each other, both breathing heavily. Suna could only see Maggie's eyes. Their brilliant blue made all the brighter for the layers of dust coating her hat and the bandana she had pulled over the lower part of her face. maggie's hand dropped casually to the holster draped over her wide hips. She was by no means a small woman, not in any sense of the word. Her high waisted trousers showed off every bulge, every curve and the braces that stretched over her shirt pressed against large, soft breasts.

Still keeping her right hand on her holster, Maggie brushed the dust off her coat and took her hat off, shaking the dust out of her long, wavy red hair. She pulled the bandana down and ran her tongue over her large, generous mouth, trying to get some moisture back into her lips. She really was a very attractive woman but a total "no go" for a thief.

Suna stood up from her crouch, pushing down the neat black skirt of her short corset dress and hitching up the stocking leggings.

'You can take the hand off the holster,' she said, 'You know I'm not armed.'

'I know,' said Maggie, 'But you have a terrible habit of escaping every time I corner you.' The woman was smiling! Her eyes merry, laughter lines deep in her freckled skin - why was this woman always so fucking cheerful!

'I'm not escaping anywhere while that duststorm is raging. You might be loco enough to go out on the streets in that but not me!'

Maggie shrugged and dropped her hand.

'So what was it this time Suna? Thieving for the cartel or was this more personal?'

She sauntered over to the display cabinet that had its door open. Peering in, she whistled.

'Amber nitrate? Very pretty but almost impossible to move... I'm guessing this is personal.'

Suna stepped up next to her and pulled down her hood. Her staight, dark hair tumbled down her back, shining in the dim security lights. She could feel Maggie's eyes on her and tried to ignore the urge to turn her face up and return the look. Instead she reached out and stroked a large piece of amber nitrate carved as a naked woman. She shivered as her skin responded to the vibrations that the beautiful, golden statue gave off.

'Oh this is personal, very personal,' she whispered.

She could still feel Maggie's eyes on her.

'I knew it would be you, you know,' said Maggie, 'I always know when it's you.'

Suna shivered, willing herself not to look up. Maggie's magnetism drew her traitorous eyes away from the amber nitrate figure. Her gaze dragged slowly over Maggie's chest, noticing the strain on her shirt buttons, then over the dusty bandana and up her white throat to her stong chin, the full lips, dark from where the law officer was biting on the bottom one; the straight freckled nose and finally to the deep blue eyes that caught Suna in an intense, heated look. Maggie reached out and pushed back a strand of dark hair from Suna's upturned face, stroking her cheek as she tucked it behind the thief's ear.

'I could take care of you,' said Maggie, 'Keep you safe. You wouldn't have to thieve any more.'

'I'd suffocate,' said Suna, 'I couldn't do "normal".'

Maggie gave a sad smile. 'I know,' she said.

She reached into the cabinet and withdrew the amber nitrate figure. 'It really is exquisite,' she said, stroking the carved breasts, smoothing her capable hands over the rounded buttocks, 'It's as if the artist new exactly where to carve to release the maximum vibrations. I've never felt a piece like it.'

'It's mine,' said Suna, 'It was supposed to be mine. He promised.'

'Who?'

'The artist. I got him the amber nitrate and he was to pay me with a carving of me...'

Maggie's eyebrows shot up. She looked closely at the exquisite figure. 'It's you!'

Suna nodded and held out her hand. Maggie cocked her head and looked at the smaller woman, running her eyes over the thief's neat figure. She stretched out the hand holding the statue but she didn't give it to Suna. Instead she brushed it across Suna's neat breasts held within the bodice of her fitted little dress. Suna gasped and Maggie smiled as she saw the goosebumps spread up to her neck. She ran the statue across again, lingering over where she knew Suna's nipples would be. Suna turned her back to the cabinet, gripping the edge with her hands.

'Does that feel good, little thief,' said Maggie, leaning close and murmering in her ear. Suna could only nod. Maggie was so close and she smelt so good. Soap mixed with dust mixed with leather mixed with a womanly musk. She was a thief, she should run now before this went any further but her body screamed for Maggie's touch... and Maggie still had the statue and the vibrations were beyond anything she had felt before.

Maggie brushed her lips against Suna's ear and then ran her mouth gently down her cheek. At the same time she unhooked the clips on the thief's dress. As Suna felt cool air on her breasts Maggie pressed her hot lips onto Suna's mouth. After the briefest hesitation she parted her lips, pressing against the law officer in a slow sensual kiss. Maggie pushed the parted bodice to the side and gently ran the amber nitrate over Suna's dark, erect nipples. It sent shocks of sensation deep into the thief's cunt making her gasp within the kiss. Maggie kissed her harder, probing Suna's mouth with her tongue. Suna responded, tentatively raising a hand and entwining her fingers in Maggie's wild, soft hair. The law officer began to move the statue lower, taking it down Suna's ribs, over her belly, gently running it from her hip bone to her short line and back again. The pleasure was so intense that Suna ached, she moaned and Maggie unhooked the dress to the bottom, displaying the tops of the stocking leggings and the small black shorts.

Maggie ran a hand between Suna's legs.

'You're so wet,' she whispered into the thief's mouth.

'You're so sexy,' Suna whispered back.

Maggie ran the statue down the front of the shorts and Suna bucked against it as it fired against her clitoris.

'Take off your shorts,' said Maggie, 'I want to fuck you with this.'

Suna took a few deep breaths, trying to clear her mind. Maggie swept the statue over her clit again and she gave in. There would be time to run later.

She kissed Maggie hard on the mouth then pushed her shorts down to her knees, sliding them over her shiny black boots and stepping out of them. Maggie paused for a moment, her eyes taking in Suna's beautiful, slim body, lingering on the neat silky hair over her pussy then returning to her face. She grabbed the back of the thief's neck, drawing her in for a deep passionate kiss that Suna returned, pulling the taller woman in close with her hands on the wide, fleshy hips.

Maggie groaned and lifted Suna up onto the counter. Her kiss was still hard and passionate but her touch was tender as she spread her lover's legs, stroking the soft skin on her inner thighs. As Suna's lips parted and the two women explored the other's mouth with their tongues, Maggie slid her fingers between Suna's pussy lips, stroking her clit and then sliding them into her hot, wet cunt. As her fingers worked the thief's g-spot, she pressed the statue against Suna's exposed clit. The shock of pleasure made her pussy contract hard around Maggie's fingers. Suna broke off the kiss and ran her tongue around Maggie's ear, biting gently on the soft ear lobe.

'That feels so fucking good,' she whispered.

'It feels good to me too,' said Maggie as she gently worked the statue around Suna's hard clit, enjoying feeling the response around her fingers as they pressed deep into Suna's cunt. The thief moaned, pressing her forehead against the law officer's neck. As the ecstasy built in her body sending pleasure to every nerve, she pushed the battered leather coat to the side and unbuttoned Maggie's shirt revealing a magnificent creamy cleavage bound in a deep red bustiere. She lifted one breast out of its confinement and kissed the nipple, running her tongue around it, sucking then gently biting it; enjoying the sudden resulting deep thrust of Maggie's fingers in her cunt.

'You have a magnificent rack, Officer Graves,' said Suna. Maggie shivered as the thief continued to tease her nipple. She pressed the statue hard against Suna's clit and the smaller woman flung her head back, gasping for breath. The law officer dropped to her knees, her head between Suna's golden thighs. Maggie slid her fingers out of the thief's soaking pussy and pressed them against Suna's mouth. Instantly Suna sucked on Maggie's fingers, enjoying the taste of her own sex, knowing that any minute now Maggie would be tasting the same heavenly flavours.

The law officer reclaimed her fingers and gently opened Suna's pussy lips. She slid the amber nitrate down and pressed it into the thief's cunt, watching it slowly swallowed up. She pulled the statue out and slid it in again. Suna was gripping the edge of the counter, breathing heavily as the vibrations flowed through her g-spot. Then Maggie pressed her face into the thief's wet pussy, running her tongue over her clit as she continued to fuck Suna with the statue. Maggie sucked on the clit enjoying the taste of the sweet muskiness and was rewarded by a huge buck from Suna. The law officer continued sucking and nibbling as the amber nitrate slid in and out to Suna's rhythm.

The thief was way past thinking about escape now. Her whole body was on fire. She could feel the tight ball of intense pleasure deep within her cunt expanding. With a shivery sigh she felt the first wave of ecstasy spread outwards washing over the fire for a second, then the flames were back to be washed over by another wave. Somewhere in the distance she felt Maggie blow on her clit and then suck on it hard and the ball of pleasure buried deep in her cunt exploded. Her cunt contracted hard, over and over again, so tight that she thought the amber nitrate would be crushed. Her body flooded with liquid ecstasy that fed the fire burning through her body. She could feel her skin respond and flush right up to the roots of her hair. Gradually the intensity retreated back to the place deep within her cunt leaving her with a steady pleasurable throbbing and a relaxation so heavy she felt that she would sink through the counter and into the ground.

Maggie kissed Suna's trembling thigh and the thief gently, lazily ran her fingers through the law officer's soft hair.

'You're going to have to remove my statue,' said Suna, 'Or I'm going to start all over again.'

Maggie smiled a wicked smile, hesitating before sliding the amber nitrate figure out of Suna's throbbing pussy.

Suna sighed with mild regret as she pulled Maggie up and kissed her on the mouth, tasting her own juices. The law officer returned the kiss then licked the statue before placing it on the counter. Suna jumped down from her seat and pressed her hand against Maggie's crotch, feeling the dampness through the tough fabric.

'Your turn?' she said, looking up at the taller woman.

Maggie shook her head. 'Duststorm's over little thief,' she said as she ran a finger down Suna's smooth cheek, 'Other law officers will be on their way.'

The two women looked into each other's eyes, commiting the encounter to memory. Then Suna pulled Maggie's bandana up so that it covered the law officer's eyes, leaving her beautiful mouth clear. The thief leaned in and stole a deep kiss, holding her lover close for a few seconds. Then she stepped away.

When Maggie uncovered her eyes Suna and the amber nitrate statue were gone. A pair of black shorts were on the counter where the statue had been. Maggie smiled and picked up the shorts.

'Til next time, little thief.'

© Kat Steel 2011 @ Dungeons and Passions