 I loved basketball more than anything else. I got accepted into the team through trial three years ago as one of the ten who made it. It was not one of those top teams in the league but was one of the middle ranged, almost last teams when I first joined. The team could be relegated sooner or later at that point of time. But through our hard work and dedication, we made up to the top three within three years.

I am a high school senior and it is my last year playing basketball. I have been approached by ten different colleges to join them after I graduated from the team. I knew that basketball on the collegiate level is an extraordinarily demanding and physical sport. Small nagging injuries, such as bumps and bruises are very common and can last an entire season. In addition, it requires a tremendous amount of teamwork and it's the team, not the individual, who wins or loses.

I am standing at 5' 3'' with dark brown eyes and sleek blonde hair coming to the middle of my back that was tied in a hasty ponytail. Due to my regular visits to the gym and training for basketball during my free time, I have developed tan skin and a flat stomach. My long, blonde hair tied up in a ponytail to make it less messy. I rent a small, 2 bedroom apartment from my good friend, Sarah and live with her as my parents live in France while I was in America. 

I always had a vague curiosity about sex, in fact, and I would probably have been happy enough to experiment. If it had come up in a natural way. It had simply never come up in a natural way. I had known by the time I was twelve or thirteen that I was lesbian. For 5 years, I had been trying hard to be straight or act straight.

I tried even harder to focus on boys. But I didn't feel compelled to watch their hands, or stare at their latest hair style or their six packs and arm muscles. However, they were all just not my type. I started having more and horny attractions to girls instead. 

After basketball training everyday, I head to the showers as one of the last. Not because I was slow, but to check out the girls bodies while waiting for my turn. They had different breasts sizes, ranging from 30A to 36DD. I also look out for them stripping and getting dressed. They may not know it, but they are turning me on inside. 

It started out like a normal Friday. I went to school, about to be bored to death during literature, not paying attention and instead dreaming about basketball training. I focused on my basketball weaknesses and try to improve them as much as I can. 

After a boring seven hours in school, I went to the locker room near the basketball court to get changed into my basketball jersey. I was the first one to reach as usual and had to wait for the coach to arrive. After waiting for a while, the other girls and the coach arrived one by one. 

"Girls, let's start off with a run." The captain, Sarah said. 

We ran five rounds around the court as Sarah lead the group. I knew Sarah since we were six. We were best of friends for more than twelve years. Sarah was four months older than me, she born in May and me in August. The both of us turned 18 already.

Sarah was around 5' 8", way taller than me, and better than me in basketball. Similarly, her blonde hair was tied in a ponytail, just that hers is less messy. Her brows were thick and sensual, she had high cheekbones, and black eyes; her nose was straight and slender. Her mouth was wide and mobile with slightly fleshy lips, her teeth pearly white and perfectly straight. 

Sarah was the dream girl of every guy. I am one of those who have a secret crush on her. This crush started since we were in 8th grade. I have dreams of her at night, mostly of sexual content. Unfortunately, I'm too shy to show my true feelings for her. 

=======================

After practice, I went on to keep the training equipment with Sarah. We have been doing this for the past 3 years since our first day here. As Sarah bent over, I caught a glimpse of her lower back and a bit of her ass. I thought of the lesbian porn that I just watched yesterday, and was momentarily distracted. 

"Winter, let's go to the showers." Sarah called out to me.

I looked around, the court cleared of all equipment and Sarah at the door of the locker room. I followed her to the showers and realised it was only the both of us. I had missed out on the show earlier on. 

"Where's everyone else?" I asked. 

"It's already been half an hour since the girls left. What's wrong with you today? You look distracted." Sarah asked. 

"No...thing." I muttered. 

Sarah untied her hair first, before taking off her top. Sarah wore a white, plain cotton bra underneath. She took off her pants next, revealing a shaved pussy, without any underwear. Sarah hated panties since we were young and I knew that she did not wear that for years. She then strip her bra off, revealing 2 32DD breasts. Our showers did not have doors, but just a shower stand every 30 inches. 

Sarah stood in front of me naked now. I stripped off my clothes, and got naked with Sarah in the showers. I stared at Sarah showering, her magnificent body, her perfect pussy. We have seen each other naked for many times while growing up. But it all seems different today.

Sarah saw me staring at her bathing. "I know you're a lesbian, I see you checking me out almost every day for the past 3 years. You're not very subtle. Not only me, but the rest of the team" she said. 

I hung my head. I knew that I was screwed in this team from now onwards. 

"But you know what?" Sarah continued "I am also one." 

Sarah pushed me to the wall forcefully as we looked at each other in the eyes, before kissing each other on the lips lovingly. I was almost moaning as Sarah to lick my neck up and down. Her soft tongue trailed from my collar bone to the base of my jaw. She sucked my skin tight to her lips, knowing she would leave her mark on me. 

"You know, I wanted this for a long time." I told her. 

Sarah stroked my hair as she said. "I know, I have the same feelings."

The next kiss is more intense. Our lips press harder against each other, with more intent and desire. I feel Sarah's hands on each side of my waist, pulling my body closer to hers. I can feel her quickened breathing as my hands explore her upper body, feeling the hardness of her abs and strength within her shoulders. 

We kissed for the 3rd time. Our soft slithery tongues slid together. I was breathing hard and salivating as I tasted her kisses. The kiss broke as Sarah nibbled and smooched my neck until I had goose bumps. My nipples swelled up and I was feeling quite sexy. I realized that we were having sex with all the lights on. 

Sarah was so happy being naked and being intimate with me. She slid around behind and pressed her tits into my back, so that she could masturbate me from the same angle that I would finger myself. She used varying motions: slow circles, medium strokes and fast vibrating. 

Alternating between these she brought me close to orgasm many times, and then teased away only to return to the technique that nearly caused me to orgasm. 

"First time?" Sarah asked. I nodded my head in response. 

She diddled my clit, occasionally dipping into my vagina to re-lubricate. It sounds so simple, but I was like butter in her fingers. I was so gooey and aroused. It got better and better. I could scarcely breath as I got closer and closer. 

"Do you want to come, honey?" she asked. 

"Yes, Sarah, make me come. Oh, I'm gonna, mmm. It feels so good. Oh Please." Her fingers went to a hyper-fast vibration on my clit, and I lost it. "Oh my God! Oh, Mmm, Mmmn OOOOOooHHH!" I screamed out in pain and pleasure.

Now, in gratitude, it was my turn to give her joy. I flipped around to face her and trailed kisses down her shoulder, getting enough nerve to kiss and suck her boobs. I moved down until I latched onto her nipple. She moaned at me encouragingly. Her nipple swelled in my mouth and I sucked it into my mouth harder. 

Sarah needed to brace herself for my attack on her breast. I pushed her on her back and hovered above, slurping the other nipple. I ran my hand over her superbly hard stomach, I thought about all the swimming and exercise it took to keep herself so fit. What a body! I kissed her stomach, knowing that it was inevitable for me eat her vagina. I knelt down in front of my goddess.

Now I couldn't wait to try lesbian oral sex. I kissed her pussy lips, already slick with desire. Her pussy was gushing, much wetter than my tongue, as I dipped in to taste a woman's vagina for the first time. "Oh, baby," cooed Sarah as I wiggled my tongue within. Sarah pulled my hair back to help me.

I was surprised at the warm, velvety feminine liquid and how I craved the tasty substance. I attempted many different tongue motions, as I learned her responses. "I am not really sure what I am doing." I apologised in my awkwardness. 

"You are doing fine, honey," purred Sarah. "I feel so lucky that you are here with me." Her words touched me and now I wanted to give her a strong orgasm. I placed my whole mouth over her vagina and clit hood, and I just sucked in a slow rhythm. Each time I drew in her mound of skin, she emitted a guttural moan.

I felt Sarah shivering while I eat her out. I started to set a grueling pace as I forcefully finger fucked her wet pussy and sucked, licked, hummed on her clit. Sarah moaned out, "Oh, baby. Right there. Just like that. Harder! Harder! I'm so fucking close now." While I licked that honeypot, I felt a strong, liquid rushing out of her pussy. I sucked and drank as much as I could.

"Sorry for squirting, honey. I was just too turned on." Sarah told me. I drew my head back and Sarah looked down at me with a happy smile, as I looked up at her with a very satisfied smile of my own. I'm not sure how long we had been having sex, but I felt my body was completely spent. I absentmindedly felt her scoop me up with both arms as she carried me to the bench.

Sarah laid me down on a bench before lying down beside me. Our faces were less than an inch apart. I gazed at the face longingly, as I felt our breaths exhaling onto each other's faces. I was finally able to move my arms, and slowly brought them to wrap her in a gentle hug. Our legs were tangled together, as we lay there wrapped in each other's arms. 

Neither of us spoke, as we continued to stare into each other's eyes. I felt her breasts moving against my own, as her chest rose and fell as she breathed. I smiled as I enjoyed the feeling of our closeness. 

She finally broke the silence as she asked, "Baby, Let's go home to rest. I will order delivery for us." 

I nodded as Sarah and I got dressed and Sarah carried our bags to her car. I got in and almost fell asleep. Sarah started the car as we left for home together. 

=======================

One hour later

Sarah and I ate pizza on the sofa together, her arms around me. We ate with a new girlfriend beside each other, while watching a rented movie we picked up on the way home, just that it was about 2 women in love. I knew life would be more interesting from onwards.