 "Hey, Donna... check it out... Malibu Barbie at the front door... beautiful face... and oh, what a dynamite body!

It was a normal early-afternoon crowd at Charli's Place, only a dozen female patrons scattered throughout the bar, typical for this time on a Friday, and the only reason why Donna Travers was one of them on this particular day was because she had come here to pick up a paycheck for helping her manager-friend Nancy a couple of weekends earlier, filling in as a "bouncer" of sorts, always a necessity when things got really busy in this establishment. Girl-fights were not uncommon at tough lezzie biker-bars (an accurate description of Charli's Place), and squabbles over gorgeous femmes like the one at the door were often what caused them to break-out in the first place.

"I'd like to strip that girl completely nude and lick chocolate syrup off of her curvy ass," Nancy stated, with feeling!

"Easy now," Donna murmured. "I wonder what... hey, I KNOW that girl!"

"Really? You know her? Well, you'd better do something before Linda reaches her," Nancy said, motioning to another woman rapidly approaching the newcomer. "Linda's got that predatory look she always gets when she spots fresh meat, and she's not one to wait for an invitation!"

Sure enough, Linda Morris had already reached the beautiful blonde and already had a hand reaching around her slender waist as she started making conversation.

"Excuse me, Linda," Donna interrupted, squeezing in between the two. "I'm afraid this one belongs to me!"

Linda frowned, but wasn't about to challenge the taller, athletic, tough-girl, no matter how tempting the prey. "Maybe some other time, sweet cheeks," she muttered, patting the pretty blonde girl's pert behind before retreating. 

The pretty blonde girl watched Linda walk away before then glancing back, her eyes suddenly widening as she laughingly exclaimed: "Hey, I know you! Donna! It's me, Brooke"

"Yes, Brooke, I recognized you when you came in," Donna replied, as the beautiful blonde girl leaped into her arms, hugging her tightly for several seconds before the older woman gently pushed her back to arm's length. "Whatever are you doing here in this place?"

"Well, it's kind of a long story."

"In that case, let's you and I sit down and you can tell me all about it," she said, steering the pretty girl over to an empty table in the corner.

Beautiful blonde 18-year old Brooke Thorne had grown up just two houses down from the Travers household, where Donna lived. The older girl, being a dozen years her senior, had actually been Brooke's babysitter as far back as either girl could remember, with Brooke's parents always treating Friday night as their special night, leaving Donna to stay home alone with their pretty daughter, a situation that continued until Donna finally left home to move to San Francisco. That was nearly five years ago, and now here was pretty Brooke, as gorgeous as ever, in the city by the bay!

"I just started college at San Francisco State," the girl exclaimed. "And last week I joined a sorority that's making all of us freshmen girls participate in a scavenger hunt, collecting various things as part of our initiation!"

"And they sent you here... to Charli's Place?"

"Well, yeah... see?" She pulled out a piece of paper from her bluejeans pocket. "I'm supposed to collect a monogrammed shot glass from a place called 'Charli's.'"

"Here, give me that," Donna said, looking at the paper. "No, that's 'Charlie's Bistro' - it's an upscale restaurant clear on the other side of town! This is 'Charli's Place' - it's a dyke bar!"

"Oh, wow... my mistake! I can't believe I just spent all of that money on cab fare, and he drove me to the wrong place!"

"Oh wow is right. This is definitely the wrong hang-out for a pretty thing like you to appear in... the women here will gobble you up and then tattoo their names on your curvy behind for future reference!

The girl giggled. "No, they wouldn't."

"Look around, Brooke. Several women here have been drooling non-stop since you first sauntered in, wiggling that pretty ass of yours."

"Stop it... no... seriously... I mean, really? How cool is that?"

"Yeah, it's really cool... look, you just sit tight, and I'll got get us a couple of beers, OK?"

"Thank you, Donna!"

Brooke Thorne really was worth the stares and the drooling. Tall and slender, she had an incredibly gorgeous feminine figure that her painted-on bluejeans and tight tee-shirt only accentuated, along with a strikingly pretty face, cute nose, stylish mid-length blonde hair, and a pouty mouth that only completed the perfection that was already there to begin with.

Donna Travers, on the other hand, was a bit more on the more 'masculine side,' slightly taller than Brooke and definitely more muscular. Her short-dark-hair framed a stern face that was attractive but not particularly beautiful. At thirty-years of age, she was employed by (and part-owner of) a security firm, and knew perfectly well how to defend herself, which is one of the reasons why she was also a very capable bouncer when asked to perform in that capacity at tough butch/femme grrl-bars like this one. 

"If this is a dyke-bar, then what are you doing here, Donna?" Brooke asked her innocently, as the older woman returned with a couple of beers.

"I like it here," she replied. "Despite it's rough appearance, it's a fun place to hang out!"

The girl stared at her following this unanswered question, before continuing.

"I've really missed you, Donna. When you moved away from home I cried for a month."

"I missed you, too, Brooke. But I was twenty-five years old, and it was time for me to leave the nest. I certainly couldn't work as a babysitter forever, you know!"

"No, I guess you couldn't. But you could at least have said good-bye!"

"Yeah, I suppose I should have, but you were a teenager by then, doing other things, and I seriously doubt your parents were going to call me again to babysit you in any case!"

"Oh yes they were - I would have made them," Brooke pouted, with that stubborn expression on her pretty face that brought back all kinds of pleasant memories for Donna!

"You always were a bit of a brat, weren't you? Your parents always did whatever you asked!"

"But I was never a brat with you, Donna - never!"

"That's only because you knew that I wasn't afraid to spank that little butt of yours the moment you stepped out of line."

Brooke giggled. "Do you know what I missed most after you left? I missed bath night!"

Now it was Donna's turn to smile. "Yeah, that kind of became our weekly Friday night tradition, didn't it?"

Both women sighed together as they got lost in the memory.

"I loved it," Brooke said. "After my parents left the house for the night, we'd watch some television, you'd fix me a snack, and then you'd say 'it's bath time,' and you'd chase me upstairs into that big bathroom at the end of the hall... and then you'd turn on the faucets..."

"And then I'd begin undressing you," Donna said wistfully, "getting you all nice and nude before helping you into the hot water."

"You always made sure it was just right," Brooke agreed.

"I had to... because you'd always yelp with fright if you lowered your pretty tushie into water that was too hot..."

"Or too cold!"

"But I never let that happen, did I?"

"No. I loved the feel of your hands as they'd caress and bathe me, Donna..." the girl reminisced. "I remember you always had such strong hands."

"They needed to be strong to keep you from squirming and wriggling about. Your body was like a slippery eel once you were all soaped up." 

The girl giggled. "I used to sometimes pretend that I was a fish, and that you were a fisherman who had caught me and wanted to eat me for dinner," Brooke laughed. "I had to at least try to escape, even though you never let me!"

"You were always so very pretty, Brooke, even as a little girl!"

"I always felt pretty with you... and also safe, Donna, like you were always there to protect me. I remember how careful you were to keep shampoo out of my eyes when you washed my hair..."

"Any you have such beautiful hair," the older woman murmured, gently running her fingers through the beautiful blonde's tresses. "And such beautiful eyes," she added, caressing her cheek.

The younger girl giggled again, a delightful sound. "I also remember how, after my bath was over, your strong arms would lift me out of the tub, and you'd then dry me off, and sometimes you'd even rub baby oil on my legs and body..."

"And such a beautiful body it's become!"

Brooke smiled. "Do you remember how I used to insist that you then carry me to my bed after we were done?"

"I didn't mind... you always said it was because you didn't want to get your clean feet dirty..."

"I know I said that, but I was lying... I just liked being carried by you."

"And I actually enjoyed carrying you!"

"Did you really?"

"Yes, I did. Besides, you weren't very heavy back then, and you weren't wearing anything but a smile..."

Brooke laughed out loud. "You were always so gentle with me, Donna," she purred, squeezing the woman's hand. "When you laid me down on the bed I always felt so loved and wanted... it's almost like we were... you know..."

"Like we were lovers?"

Brooke blushed. "No, that's not what I meant."

Donna softly caressed the girl's face. "No, I guess not."

"But I did love you, Donna!"

"I know. And I loved you, Brooke!"

They continued to silently stare into one another's eyes.

"Do you know what day it is, Brooke?"

"Sure, I do... it's Friday."

"Well, if you don't have any plans for tonight, why don't you come over to my place, so that maybe I can babysit for you just like old times... after all, Friday night is...

"BATH NIGHT," both women shouted in unison, laughing together as the other patrons looked, wondering what was going on between the gorgeous blonde college girl and her older female companion.

***********************************************

Moments later, both women happily departed Charli's Place, hand in hand. Brooke texted the cancellation of her previous plans for the night so that she could instead spend the evening with Donna. 

From there the two women drove in the older woman's Porsche to Ming's Chinese Palace for take-out, and from there to Donna's upscale loft. As soon as they'd both entered and closed the door behind them Donna pulled the beautiful younger girl close to her and kissed her passionately.

Brooke surrendered immediately, kissing her back.

They then stopped to eat and talk, catch-up on old times, and visit. About an hour later Donna looked up at the kitchen clock and smiled.

"It's bath time," she announced!

She then pulled a laughing Brooke by the hand into her beautifully-furnished bathroom and started the hot water going as the gorgeous blonde began stripping out of her clothing, beginning by pulling off her tee-shirt, revealing a taut stomach and a pair of incredibly nicely-formed breasts confined in a tiny white bra!

As Brooke then un-hooked her bra, Donna began tugging off the girl's tight bluejeans, pulling them down from behind, and in doing so revealing the girl's perfectly-formed derriere as they came down!

"Oh wow," she exclaimed, moving her face in for a quick smooch of Brooke's lovely right ass cheek. "This is much nicer than I remember it!"

The younger girl laughed at she bent over to tug her bluejeans completely off around her ankles, but in doing so she only offered Donna an even better opportunity to fondle & grab at the girl's incredibly nice behind, now invitingly right in her face!

"Hey, you're supposed to be helping me get undressed," she complained, but the older woman was too busy with her mouth pressed up tightly against Brooke's curvy rear with its smooth, super-silky soft skin. The girl sighed softly and allowed the warm, wet, passionate, & possesssive kisses to continue.

Once the younger girl was completely nude, Donna then gently helped her into the tub.

"Aren't you going to join me?" Brooke looked into her eyes, pleadingly.

"A bit later. Right now, I want to concentrate entirely on bathing this beautiful body of yours, and enjoying every moment."

She then proceeded to soap-up Brooke's gorgeous figure, not missing anything, concentrating initially on the girl's perfectly-proportioned breasts, and then ordering the girl onto all fours so that she could pay special attention to her gorgeous ass, and later still having her stand up so that she could run her hands up & down those long, slender legs!

Brooke purred contentedly throughout, moaning aloud when Donna turned her attention to washing the beautiful blonde's pussy, after which Donna quickly removed her own clothes and entered the tub alongside her submissive younger partner, embracing her from behind, and rubbing herself up & down along Brooke's silky-smooth body, soon after bending the pretty girl over so that she could grind her firmly from behind.

Brooke groaned. "Donna... that feels... so good!"

"Oh, so you like that, do you? Well, I've got something in my nightstand that you might like even more!"

At this point Donna decided it was time to end the bath, and so she then helped the beautiful blonde girl out of the tub and began drying her off with a huge bath towel, hugging and kissing her all the while. She also dried herself off.

"I want you to lean over the sink now, Brooke, darling... I'm going to rub some lotion onto your skin to keep you all smooth and silky."

The girl obediently bent over, allowing Donna's strong hands to rub, fondle, caress, and massage the girl over every inch of her gorgeous body. Brooke wiggled her ass seductively as Donna oiled it up, causing the older woman to playfully slap it. "Hold still, or this is going to take all day."

Brooke didn't think that Donna would have minded the slightest bit it "taking all day" - and she was right!

When they were finally finished, the older woman considered picking-up the younger woman just like she had done when Brooke was a little girl, but then thought better of it.

"No, this time I believe I want you to get down on all fours so that I can watch you crawl slowly to my bed!"

"Seriously? You're going to make me to crawl?"

"Yes, I am, and I don't want you to move too quickly, either, as I want to enjoy the sight of your beautiful butt swaying back and forth," she hissed, sharply slapping the girl's gorgeous derriere as she did so.

Brooke obediently got down onto her hands and knees and began the slow crawl out of the bathroom and into the adjoining bedroom, her beautiful bottom swaying, with Donna occasionally patting and caressing it as she slowly moved forward, with Brooke wiggling her ass appreciatively at the other woman's tender touch.

Donna then helped the girl onto her feet and up onto her large four-poster bed. "You are such an incredibly lovely young woman now, Brooke," she murmured, kissing her on the lips before then assisting her up onto the bed, before then leaning in and hungrily kissing the girl on the back of her legs, thighs, and especially on her beautifully-upturned & inviting ass!

"I can't get enough of this," Donna gasped, completely kissing and licking the girl's derriere.

"Me, neither," Brooke sighed in full agreement.

Soon after Donna climbed up alongside her beautiful companion, and began passionately kissing the girl on her shoulders and neck, the older woman's hands reaching around to possessively cup and squeeze the girl's gorgeous breasts!

She then gently but firmly turned the girl around so that she could passionately kiss her lips. "My pretty girl... all mine... all mine!"

"Yes, Donna... I belong to you... I've always belonged to you!"

The older woman proceeded to kiss her way down Brooke's nude young body, from her lips to her pert breasts, licking and sucking on them, before then slowly working her way down the girl's smooth flat stomach, and finally to her soft, down-covered pussy, it's short, silky-blonde hairs doing nothing to stop Donna's lips and tongue from making their way inside the girl's glistening wet vagina, where she soon had Brooke's entire body bucking in pleasure.

"Donna... Donna... that was so, so good!"

The older woman smiled as her head arose and she licked her lips.

"Oh, we're not done just yet, my pretty little plaything... come on, get up and turn over... I want you to get onto your elbows and knees right now... move up a little bit, my beautiful girl, so that your head is resting on those pillows... now arch your back some... yes, just like that... stick that beautiful ass up..."

While Brooke was obediently positioning herself as directed, helped along by Donna's firm hands, she couldn't help but wonder what the older woman had in mind to do to her next. That's when she saw the hand-cuffs and the strap-on that Donna pulled out of the nightstand alongside her bed.

Her eyes widened in surprise.

"Don't move, Brooke," Donna ordered, as she then quickly cuffed the girl's wrists to the bedpost before then donning the strap-on around her waist, adjusting the straps accordingly until they presented a snug fit. She then knelt behind the kneeling girl with the manacled wrists before her... Donna's hands possessively coming to rest on Brooke's inviting, upturned butt.

"I'm going to enjoy this very, very much," she murmured. 

The pretty blonde felt Donna's hot breath a split-second before she then felt the woman's lips on her ass-cheeks. Once again the older woman lovingly covered it with kisses. "You're so very, very beautiful, Brooke," she murmured, "and I love this gorgeous butt of yours so very, very much!" The warm, wet, possessive kisses continued for the next couple of minutes, with the younger girl moaning appreciatively.

Brooke was thoroughly enjoying the attention her lovely behind was receiving, until the kissing abruptly stopped, only to be replaced by a sharp slap to her right butt-cheek!

"Ouch... what was that for?"

"That's because I just wanted you to know that this beautiful body of yours now belongs exclusively to me, and that I can do anything I want to it, which is what I'm going to do right now! Understand?" 

"Yes, ma'am!"

SLAP... SLAP... SLAP... the sensual spanking continued...

Brooke then felt the older woman's strap-on dildo rub up against her reddened derriere, as Donna then proceeded to mount her, the older woman's hands maneuvering the dildo down towards her pussy and then into the girl's wet & waiting vagina, with Donna's hands quickly returning to grip the girl possessively by her hips, her nails digging into her tender skin, as she then began rocking her back and forth!

The beautiful blonde girl bleated appreciatively as she was thus taken from behind by her older and clearly more dominant lover.

"Oh, Donna... this is so... so very good..."

"I'm loving this, as well, Brooke," her older lover responded. "Your beautiful body was made for this... to be taken by another woman who loves you and wants you all for herself!"

"I love you, Donna!"

The older woman laughed, and sharply slapped the lovely young blonde on her beautiful shapely ass once again.

SLAP... SLAP... SLAP...

"I'm yours, Donna... all yours!"

"Yes, my gorgeous girl... yes, you are!"