 "I've got two pair... what have you got?"

"Just a couple of sixes."

"You lose! Take off your bra!"

"You're cheating, Donna. I don't know how, but I know you're cheating!"

Donna smiled wickedly. So what if she knew a few tricks that allowed her to always beat her gorgeous young blonde girlfriend at strip poker?

"Lose the bra, Brooke!"

The beautiful younger girl was a freshman student at San Francisco State, and had only recently been re-united with former neighbor Donna Travers, twelve years her senior - in fact, Donna had been Brooke's babysitter while growing up. The two had been close back then, but were inarguably much closer now!

The pretty blonde unhooked her bra from the back and let it drop to her lap, revealing a pair of soft, perfectly formed breasts. Donna involuntarily licked her lips at the sight, despite have already seen the girl naked, many-many times!

Brooke giggled.

"Can we stop now, you pervert?" she pouted. "All I've got left are my panties, while you're still fully clothed, as always. It's just not fair!"

"Sorry, sweets," the older woman replied, shuffling both of them new poker-hands. "The game doesn't end until somebody is completely nude... and yes, that somebody is once again going to be you!"

"It's always me."

"Yes, of course it is," Donna countered. "But this is Friday night... it's bath night, am I right? I'm about to give you a bath! But first, I need to get you out of your clothes, capice?"

"That doesn't explain the part about my having to also give you a 'nude lap dance,' does it?"

"No, that's a rule I added just to make it more fun," Donna chuckled. "More fun for me, anyway... it's like my 'incentive-clause'... the pretty loser - you - has to give the winner - me - a sexy, nude lap-dance!"

"Fine," the pretty blonde agreed, looking exceedingly cute when she put on her 'pouty' face, and extremely hot, as well, sitting there dressed only a teeny-tiny pair of black panties that Donna had purchased for her not more than a week ago. "I'll take three cards."

"Here you go, pretty girl. And I'll take one."

Ever since their first get-together just over a month ago, Donna and Brooke had become inseparable, with Brooke visiting Donna's flat once or twice a week, occasionally to study, other times to watch television, but always to cuddle and make love with her older girlfriend.

Donna Travers and the beautiful younger college girl had what could be labelled a "sub/dom lesbian relationship" going on, with Brooke happily in the submissive role while Donna more-than-enjoyed being the one in charge!

"Three kings," she triumphantly announced, displaying her hand.

Brooke frowned before displaying a pair of tens, then dropping her cards on the table.

"I lose again."

The older woman smiled and motioned for the girl to approach her, crooking her index finger. Brooke obediently rose from her chair and slowly walked towards her, putting her finger to the sides of her hips to begin pulling down the last vestiges of clothing she wore.

"No, that's not how we do it," Donna argued. "I want you turned around and only then stripping out of your panties - very slowly - while you're dancing for me." She then reached over and casually hit the 'play' button on her CD-sound-system.

"Can't I at least pick my own music?"

"No, because you always pick something by Taylor Swift, and she does NOT record good stripper tunes!"

"So it's got to be Katy Perry again?"

"Yes, Brooke... it's got to be Katy Perry." 

The music started... Katy began singing... "this was never the way I planned... not my intention..." Her golden voice purred the now familiar tune as the beautiful younger woman faced away from Donna before then bending over at the waist to begin slowly tugging down her black panties for the older woman's amusement, enjoyment, & pleasure!

Brooke's gorgeous ass was always beautiful to behold, especially when it was wiggling seductively, this close to her, with the younger girl's back arched out just so...

"You're really getting good at this, Brooke," the older woman noted, as she then ran her fingertips grazing up the girl's legs, up and down her firm thighs before then caressing the college girl's lovely, curvy behind!

"I should be good," Brooke giggled in reply. "I have a really great teacher."

She continued swaying her behind seductively to the music. "... I kissed a girl and I liked it... the taste of her cherry chapstick..." Donna, meanwhile, continued to fondle and caress the girl's gorgeous ass and legs while she danced for her.

SLAP! Donna's hand unexpectedly came down on Brooke's beautiful behind, leaving a clear handprint mark on her flesh. 

"Hey, what was that for?"

"That was for calling me a cheater at strip-poker earlier," Donna laughingly replied. "And a 'pervert'... keep dancing!"

Brooke giggled. "You're crazy," she said, continuing to sensually move her body for Donna's enjoyment. "I think that you just enjoy spanking my ass for no reason at all."

"Yes, my gorgeous girl, that's entirely true."

SLAP!

Brooke continued to sensually wiggle her beautiful curvy butt in Donna's face, hoping to appease her, and for a while it appeared to be working.

Meanwhile, Kate Perry's voice continued... "us girls we are so magical... soft skin... red lips... so kissable... hard to resist... so touchable..."

SLAP!

"Which would you rather have, Donna? Would your prefer spanking my behind, or have me dance seductively for you?"

"Actually, I think that both of those things please me equally!"

SLAP!

The song came to an end soon after, and with it, Brooke's sexy lap-dance. The girl felt rewarded when Donna then pulled her close, her hands firmly gripping the younger girl's hips from behind, with the older woman then leaning over slightly and planting a series of warm wet kisses on Brooke's derriere where she had seconds earlier been slapping that same silky-smooth curvy rear.

"Ahhhh... I love this part," the girl cooed.

SLAP!

"Alright, that's just about enough of that... it's bath time!" And with that, Donna got up and grabbed the pretty girl's hand before then pulling her into the bathroom!

Seconds later, the hot water faucet was flowing as she eased the nude younger woman into the tub, along with a cap-full of bubble bath, with Donna then beginning to bathe her beautiful younger girlfriend, the older woman's hands entirely traversing the girl's gorgeous body, getting her all nice & wet before then soaping her up.

"Thank you, Donna," Brooke softly said. "Thank you for loving me like you do!"

"No, thank you, Brooke," Donna replied, "for giving yourself to me." They kissed, gently at first, but then more passionately, the beautiful nude blonde girl being held tightly by her more dominant & older female lover, the two women both melting as their lips pressed together, their tongues entwined within.

"Wait right here," Donna suddenly said, quite unnecessarily, as Brooke wasn't about to go anywhere. The older woman suddenly arose, before announcing, "I'll be right back."

Brooke turned off the hot water faucet, as their was now plenty of that. Seconds later, Donna returned from the bedroom, holding her strap-on. She set it down on the sink and quickly began removing her clothes.

"Are you going to use that on me... in here?"

"What do you think, gorgeous girl?"

Brooke giggled and then proceeded to position herself onto her hands and knees, moving to the front of Donna's huge tub so as to make room for the both of them, with the older woman soon joining her in the hot, bubbly-water.

"Exactly the position I wanted you in," Donna said, observing Brooke on all fours. She then got behind the beautiful younger woman and began running her hands up and down the girl's gorgeous wet body.

"I only want to please you, Donna," the girl said, arching her lovely back as the older woman's hands continued to fondle and knead the flesh of the girl's hips, the older woman's strap-on coming to rest up against Brooke's incredibly beautiful butt.

"You do please me, Brooke," Donna purred. "Everything about you pleases me. Now lean forward a little bit so that I can get this inside of you and we can begin." 

The younger woman obediently bent down slightly lower, slightly lifting her ass so that Donna could then insert her strap-on up Brooke's awaiting pussy. She was rewarded with the sound of the younger girl's contented sigh of pleasure as she was thus mounted from behind.

And then the fucking began.

Brooke's noisy bleating was accompanied by her rhythmic rocking back and forth, as her older female lover continued to firmly grip the sides of the pretty girl's curvy behind. Donna then began sliding her right hand over the girl's silky wet skin, down the side of her leg, then up and over her lovely ass and on up her back, eventually grabbing possessively at the girl's long blonde hair.

Brooke rolled her eyes in ecstasy as her head was gently pulled back. In addition to the pleasure she was receiving from Donna's strap-on, she found that she truly enjoyed being the sexual plaything of this dominant female mistress who took great pleasure in the complete ownership of her body.

"I'm your slave, Donna! I'm your slave!"

"Yes, you are, my gorgeous girl," the older woman responded, continuing to fuck her doggy-style in the tub. "I own you and this beautiful body of yours, don't I?"

"Yes, mistress... ah... ah... I'm here, all for your pleasure... and your pleasure alone!"

Donna laughed as she sensually slapped the right side of Brooke's gorgeous butt, continuing to rock the pretty blonde back & forth in their passion.

"I'm coming, mistress," the girl cried, at long last. "Ah... ah... ah... ah.. ah... oh, it feels so good... ah... ah... ah... ah..." 

Donna gripped Brooke's hips fiercely, digging her nails into the girl's tender flesh... giving a series of hard jerks as she plunged the strap-on hard against the girl's tight pussy.

"Ah... ah... ah... ah... oh, Donna... ahhhhh!"

Slowly their rhythmic movement grounded to a halt, with the older woman continuing to hold possessively onto the girl as the final bucking came to an end. She leaned down then and began kissing and licking the back of the girl's neck and shoulders.

Brooke was softly crying now as her mistress kissed and licked the back of her ears, whispering, "you were so very good, my pretty slavegirl."

Brooke turned her head so that she could kiss the older woman back, lips to lips.

"I love you, Donna... I love you so very, very much!"

"And I love you, too, Brooke... my precious angel... now let's finish our bath together so that we can get ready for bed. I want to continue kissing that gorgeous ass of yours for a while longer before falling asleep together."

Brooke giggled.

"Well, that's what it's there for," she said, smiling. "I only exist to please you!"