 I didn't notice the time, Omg! I was late running Mistress's bath. She was going to be home any minute, and she already told me to make sure the bath was drawn and I took my position beside the tub. 

Quickly I scampered up the stairs and started the bath, adding her favorite oil. I then laid out her night clothes on the bed, stripped naked and knelt beside the tub with my arms folded behind my back, knees spread wide, and eyes downcast. 

For several minutes I knelt at the side of the tub, holding my position, knowing if she walked in and I was out of position I would be severely punished. Since my ass still sported the marks from my most recent caning, I figured it was a good idea not to add to them. My knees were starting to get tired from the position I was in, it had been close to 30 minutes. Finally I heard the front door open, and a sigh of relief swept across my lips. 

I quickly tested the water and noticed it had cooled considerably, I was sure I'd be punished for allowing it to go cold. I knew there was no way I could run the tap now, so I just resigned myself to the fact I was going to have my ass beaten again. 

As I was contemplating my fate the bathroom door swung open. Standing at the doorway was not who I expected to see, it was not Mistress Mel, but another woman, a woman I had never seen in my life. She was very tall, a good 6 feet tall, standing taller in her heels. She was also very pretty, with long dark auburn hair, and beautiful green eyes. 

Startled, I started to move to cover up, and she quickly spoke: "I don't recall giving you permission to move slave!" she said in a very stern voice. "My name is Mistress Linda, I am a friend of Mistress Mel's, and she has loaned you to me for the day. Do you understand that you are to serve me today slave?" 

As I replaced my hands behind my back I replied meekly: "Yes Mistress."

"Now slave! You may crawl to me and kiss my boots, then after you've finished showing me proper worship, you may remove my clothes and bath me." As she spoke she walked to the tub's edge and ran her hand through the water. "This water is freezing slut!!" she barked as her hand retreated from the water. "Is this how you prepare the bath for your Mistress, slave?"

"Sorry Mistress!! No it's not Mistress, it has been sitting for awhile. With your permission I will reheat it Mistress."

"Yes slave you do that! Hmm... Mel said you were well trained, and I would have no problems with you. Tell me ...was she wrong, am I going to have problems with you slave?"

" No Mistress!! I won't be any problem for you. I'll be a good slave, I promise Mistress."

"Good, I certainly hope so, nothing I dislike more than an unruly slut-slave. Now warm that water and come show me your gratitude for my understanding."

"Yes Mistress!" I replied. 

I quickly turned and ran the hot water, then crawled over to kneel in front of her. I bent down and kissed and licked her boots from the top of her foot to the top of her boot. Then carefully I removed them and placed them on the floor. I leaned in to kiss her soft nylon encased feet as I slowly slid her stockings down her long silky smooth legs and pulled them off one by one.

" Mmmm, you have a nice touch slave! Continue." She moaned softly.

"Thank you Mistress!" I replied as I slowly removed her skirt, exposing her sexy black silk panties. I kissed my way along her creamy thighs, and then planted several soft kisses along the length of her ever dampening cunt lips, through her panties. Her moans were growing louder as I continued to remove her clothes. I kissed her sweet skin as it became exposed after each button was undone, then gently removed her top. Then she stood before me in just her bra and panties, she was truly a vision. 

Reaching my hands behind her back I unhooked her bra, allowing her lovely full breasts to fall free. Then it was time for her panties to come off, as I hooked my fingers into the waistband she grabbed my hands and held them behind my back.

"Use your teeth to take them off slut." she hissed, as I felt her push my head toward her crotch.

"yes Mistress." I mumbled as my mouth closed over the waistband of her panties and pulled them slowly down to expose her perfectly shaved pussy, glistening before my eyes. I kissed her pussy lips as she lifted her leg to step out of her panties, eliciting a delighted moan from her throat. 

Taking my hand I helped her into the bath, then when she was settled I climbed in as well, sitting behind her. I was admiring how lovely her body was when she leaned back into me, my hard nipples poking into her back. She turned her head and reaching back with her left arm pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply, driving her tongue deep into my mouth.

My legs were wrapped around her hips and she slid back until her backside was pressed tight to my cunt, then she pulled my legs tight around her. Holding my feet in her hands she started to massage them, as she ordered me to lather up my tits and scrub her back with them.

Without hesitation I reached for the soap and lathered up my tits, then pushed them into her back and started to scrub, the soapy wetness made my nipples hard as rocks, and I was getting very hot with them poking into her tight back. 

As I used my tits to scrub her back, I reached around her and began playing with her tits. My hands cupping her full tits, squeezing them gently, rolling her nipples in my fingers. Feeling them hardening under my manipulations.

"Ohhh God that feels sooooo good. You're making me so wet my slut, mmm don't stop. Mmmm yes, I love the feel of those nipples on my back slut."

"Mmm, yes Mistress, I love the way they feel poking into your back like this, it's making me sooo horny Mistress! I reply, my fingers rolling and pulling her nipples as I speak.

"I like it so much I think I'll have you wash my entire body with your tits. Would you like that slave?" 

" Ohhh yes Mistress! I would love that very much, anything to please you Mistress."

With that she rose to her knees, and reached over into her bag, and pulled out a set of handcuffs, then quickly locked my wrists behind my back. 

" There, that'll make sure your hands stay put behind your back." she said to me as she changed position so I was facing her. "Now slut, it's time to wash my front. With that I pushed my tits into hers and started to sway back and forth. My nipples sliding over hers caused my cunt to bubble, and I knew I was getting close to cumming.

By the time I had made my way down her torso and worked my nipple into her belly button, she was totally turned on. Her body responded ever so positively to my every movement, her breathing was erratic and her chest was heaving up and down. She was totally enveloped in her own pleasure, moaning loudly, and bucking her hips, making it quite hard to maintain contact with my tits to her tummy.

Suddenly her hands were on my head, her fingers wrapped in my hair, and she yanked my head back: "Time for you to show me how well your tongue works slut!" she huffed as she pushed my face under the water and into her cunt.

My tongue flicked across her clit, then slid down along her pussy lips. Delicately it pried them open and then slipped effortlessly into her depths. Even with the bath water filling my mouth and her pussy, I could taste her briny wetness. 

After a few minutes of tongue fucking her, I began gasping for air. She finally pulled me up for air, allowed me a few seconds to breath then pushed my face back down. My tongue was fucking her hole for all I was worth, licking and sucking her sweet lips, nibbling her hard clit, then I was pulled up for air at the last possible second.

This continued for quite awhile until she finally began shaking violently and her pussy began convulsing. She was screaming at the top of her lungs: "Ohh my God!!! Yes slut, ohhh fuck yessss, that's it, just like that. Ohh shit don't stop!!! 

Being underwater I couldn't make out what she was saying, but I knew she was about to cum. She pulled me up for one last breath, then my face was once again pushed under the surface and into her cunt. I quickened my pace, darting my tongue in and out of her quivering fuck-hole like a piston, then biting down hard on her clit, pulling and twisting it in my mouth

" Omg!!! Fuck yesss!" She screamed one last time. " Ohh God ...I'm cummmminngg!!!! 

I felt her whole body shaking, then her legs stiffened and I could taste her sweet cum as it forced its way from her depths and into my mouth. I sucked on her sweet cunt until I almost drowned, then she finally pulled me up, holding me tight to her chest as I gasped wildly for air.

She grabbed my hair and pulled my head back so she could look into my eyes, and after wiping my hair from my face with her other hand, she leaned in an kissed me passionately on the lips and said : 

"That was amazing my little slut, Mistress Mel truly has trained you well. You certainly do have a wicked little tongue. Now it's time to get out of this tub before we shrivel up too much." 

With that she uncuffed my wrists and I climbed out of the tub. I quickly got a towel and after helping her out of the tub, I toweled her off. Once she was properly dried off I returned to my position on my knees, the water still dripping from my wet body. "Stay put slut and don't move, I'll be right back!" she said as she left the bathroom for a few moments. 

A few minutes later she returned with a water bottle and a hose with a long rounded nozzle on the end. She hung the bottle on the shower curtain rod, then turned and smiled at me.

"Bend over the side of the tub slut, ass in the air, and pull those lovely ass cheeks apart. I have something for you, you'll enjoy it I'm sure." she said in a very matter of fact tone.

"Yes Mistress!" I replied. Then quickly shuffled over to tub and bent over it, reaching behind me to pull my ass cheeks wide. I felt the cold kiss of the lube as she pushed the end of the tube into my tight puckered hole and squeezed. Followed quickly by a finger probing gently into my depths.

She began slowly fucking my ass with her finger, sliding it in and out a few times before adding another finger. As her fingers slid in and out of my ass she would wiggle them inside me, stretching my ass.

Soon her fingers popped out and they were replaced by the cold nozzle, then a few seconds later I felt my ass being filled with ice cold liquid. The water bottle was a 4 litre bottle and it was filled to capacity, and it slowly emptied its contents into my poor ass. 

She was rubbing my tummy to allow every drop to be taken. Once I had taken the last drop she pulled out the nozzle and barked: "Now squeeze those cheeks slut and don't you dare let any leak out. I'll be right back, and you make sure you don't lose a drop."

I squeezed my ass cheeks hard together, I could feel the pressure building. She returned a few minutes later with a butt plug, a leash, 2 sets of leather shackles, some locks and a blindfold.

Quickly she plugged my ass, making sure the plug was well seated, then she placed the cuffs on my wrists and ankles, locked them in place then she snapped the leash to my collar and led me to the dungeon room. Once there she tied me over the spanking horse. Then she blindfolded me and left me for a few moments.

The pressure was building quite rapidly, and the urge to repel the enema was becoming more and more urgent with each passing moment. Suddenly I felt the icy hot kiss of the cane across my unsuspecting ass. Blow after blow rained down, and my ass was soon covered in red stripes. She made sure to hit the plug with each cane stroke.

A few taps on the plug caused my insides to turn, and the cramps were beginning to get worse. I needed to expel ....NOW! Mistress however had other ideas, and she smiled coyly as she attached a strap on. "My slut needs to cum doesn't she?" she said as she rubbed the head of the cock against my pussy. "Mmmm, if you beg me good enough, I might just let you cum. Let me hear you beg slut." 

"Ohhh please Mistress!! Please let me cumm for you, I really need it bad. Please, ohh God I'll do anything you want just please make me cum." I moaned. 

"Mmmm you're soo pathetic! Begging me like a baby just to allow you cum. You're such a dirty lil slut! What are you?" 

" I"m a dirty lil slut Mistress!" 

"and who's dirty lil slut are you?" she asked coyly, tapping the plug in my ass to accentuate her point. 

"I'm your dirty slut Mistress!" I scream back in response "Ohh fuckkkkk please Mistress, please fuck me!"

With that she slammed the dildo hard and deep into my cunt, hitting bottom on her first thrust. A loud moan rang out as she began to systematically fuck me. Each thrust was multiplied in intensity because of the fullness in my ass.

She fucked me relentlessly, my pussy clenched the dildo tightly as it pounded in and out of my depths. Suddenly I felt it, every nerve in my body seemed to come alive all at once. My body began shaking violently, my pussy pulsated like it was electrified. The pressure in my ass, the cock pounding hard, I couldn't take anymore, I lost control and was screaming for permission to cum.

"Mmmm yes baby, cum for Mistress. Let it go slut, cum hard for me. Mmmm now slut!!! cum for me... NOW!!!"

" Ohhh Goddd, ohhhhh fuckkkkkk, I'mmm cummmmingggg!!" my head thrashed wildly side to side as wave after wave pulsed through my cum riddled body. My orgasm was so intense that I seemed to pass out for a couple of seconds.

I lay there panting wildly, desperately gasping for breath, the dildo still seated deep in my pussy. I felt her hand on the plug, she was tapping it quite hard, and with every tap I groaned loudly. "I bet you would like this plug removed, I'll take it out, but you better not spill a drop my slut." 

I felt her hand on the plug, then I felt it turning slowly, and then I felt the pressure as it was being pulled past my ring. As it was pulled out I felt the urge to release grip me and I felt a drop or two of milk escape and land on my pussy below.

I squeezed my ass together as hard as I could to retain the enema, but my muscles were at the point of no return. She stood to one side and started to spanked my ass with her bare hand, and as she did she pushed ever so deliberately on my tummy.

This brought about the effect she was looking for, I could no longer hold it in. Suddenly a stream of white liquid exploded from my ass, shooting across the room. It flowed like a raging river for what seemed an eternity, slowly easing up and dribbling down over my pussy. Milk covered the floor behind me, and slowly dripped out of my relieved ass.

"Omg!!! Slut that was extremely exciting, Mistress Mel truly has found a fantastic slut in you. She must really be proud of you. I am seriously contemplating purchasing you from her. I know she won't sell you to me, but hell, I'd pay any price for you. I'm sure looking forward to using you again in the near future." she said as she calmly stroked my still quivering body.

"Thank you Mistress! I'm so glad that I pleased you, and I look forward to serving you again as well." I replied in a very shaky voice, still recovering from my orgasm. 

She walked around front of me, lifted my blindfold and looked directly into my eyes, you truly are a special lil slut-slave, Mistress Mel is quite lucky to have found you." she said before leaning in and giving me one last deep kiss.

I moaned deeply into her mouth as I kissed her back, then I whispered : "Thank you Mistress, but I'm the one who is the lucky one. Mistress Mel is the best thing that ever happened to me, and I only wish to make her happy.

"If today was any indication my slut, then you most certainly do make her happy." she said as she kissed my lips once again then replaced the blindfold, plunging me into the darkness once again. 

"Your Mistress asked me to leave you like this slut, so I will now say goodbye until the next time." 

With that I felt a sharp sting across my ass, as she gave me one last stroke on each cheek with the cane, then I heard her turn and walk away. I spent the next few hours bound over the horse, totally spent and covered in cum and expelled milk, waiting for my Mistress to come home.