 You sank down into the almost scorching water, wincing slightly, before sighing as your body got used to the warmth. You leaned your head backwards, closing your eyes, loving how the hot water relaxed your muscles.

Suddenly, you felt a pair of hands run up your thighs, coming to a stop at your hips, as water moved against you, put into motion by someone leaning towards you.

"Have a told you how adorable I think your freckles are?" she murmured, and you opened your eyes to look at her.

She was giving a cute smirk, and you smiled back.

"It was a long time since last, I think," you answered, letting your fingertips run up and down her arms.

"I really think they're adorable," she said, leaning in to give you a feather-light kiss.

Putting your arms around her neck, you pulled her in for a deeper kiss, stopping only when she was gasping.

"Have a told you how much I adore your dark skin? It's absolutely beautiful," you breathed, tugging lightly on a black hairlock.

She smiled a sweet smile, nodding. "I think you might have mentioned it a time or two."

You returned the smile, before noticing that one of her hands were moving back towards your thigh. Cocking your head, you raised a brow.

"What are you reaching for, dearest?" you asked, but it was unnecessary. She had already reached it.

Biting her lip, she let a finger run down your slit, before going back up again, slowly. You shivered, watching her through hooded eyes as she did it once more.

Then she slowly began to circle your clit, and you let your head fall back against the tub, raising your legs and putting them over the edge of the porcelain. Moaning, you arched your back as she picked up the pace.

You saw her grip the edge of the tub with a hand, before she leaned over and began to nibble and lick your throat.

As your breathing sped up, your chest heaved up and down, your nipples raising from beneath the warm water, up into the colder air, and back down and up. The change in temperature made your nipples harden, and sent almost painful charges of lightning down into your clit.

It was enough, combined with her mouth and fingers, to send you over the edge. You had to cling to the edge to not slip beneath the surface of the water as your whole body trembled, a small cry escaping through your lips.

A breathless chuckle appeared just beside your ear, and you shivered, triggering a few more clenches.

"Are you okay?" she murmured, and you nodded slowly.

"More than okay," you answered. "I'm feeling amazing..."

Releasing your hold and sliding your legs back down into the water, you sat up a bit more straight, locking eyes with her and smirking.

"Turn around," you more or less ordered, and she gave you a look of half defiance, before doing as you said.

Wrapping your arms around her waist, you pulled her close, resting your chin on her shoulder. She gave a light giggle, putting her arms around yours.

"Lean against me and put your legs over the sides of the tub like I did," you mumbled into her ear, and shivering, she obeyed. "Now, put your hands on the edge too, and hold on. I don't want you drowning, you know."

Giving another giggle, this a bit more nervous and anticipating, she raised her hands and gripped the sides of the tub, looking as if she was holding on for dear life.

That was probably for the best, though.

Letting go of her, you began massaging her breasts. Softly at first, you slowly applied more pressure, until you were kneading them. Every now and then, you let your thumbs flicker over her nipples, and you felt them get harder every time you did.

Her breathing became more labored as you instead started to pinch her nipples, lightly rolling them between your fingertips, but she was not moaning yet. So you began to give her neck light kisses, before scraping her skin with your teeth, then sucking hard on it.

She gave a deep gasp, and then started to moan, slightly wriggling beneath your touch.

Still working a nipple with one hand, you began to slowly move the other down her stomach, and between her thighs. She gave a sharp inhale as you began to slide a finger up and down her slit, pulling back the hood of her clitoris every time you reached it, making her jolt.

"The water... When you do like that, the water flow against it, like a light brushing," she said, her voice trembling as much as her body.

"Do you like it?" you whispered against her neck, and she gave an eager nod. Chuckling, you began to run your finger up and down only her clit instead. "Isn't this better?"

The way she pressed back into you, before arching her back, and moaning, was answer enough.

"Yes, yes, much better," she gasped, and you chuckled again.

You let your finger once more run down her slit, before sinking a finger inside of her. Because of the water, it was easy to penetrate her, and she sunk down, groaning.

Massaging the vaginal wall just a few centimeters in, you lowered your other hand beneath the water, and began to move two fingers in quick circles just above her clit, where you knew she enjoyed it the most.

She began thrashing around, water splashing over the edge, as she moaned and groaned and gasped. Since she had her legs over the edge and still gripped it with her hands, she kept relatively still, but you still found it slightly hard to keep going, but you tried to keep it up as you pushed another finger inside.

You felt her muscles tense around you, before she took a deep breath, holding it, and then released it, sort of relaxing, as her muscles began to clench, her whole body shaking and trembling.

A quiet 'oh, my god!' slipped out of her, before her hands released the edge, and she pulled her arms up against her breasts. Within a moment, she had slipped down beneath the surface, and you just stared at her, unable to comprehend what had just happened.

A second later, she broke through the surface, gasping and coughing, leaning forwards. Trying to keep from laughing, you rubbed her back, helping her bring her legs back down into the water.

"I told you to keep a hold on the edge, love," you said, pulling her close and kissing her wet hair.

"It was not my fault, I slipped!" she said with a last cough, shaking slightly. "I'm getting cold..."

During all the flailing, a lot of water had gotten out of the tub, and it had started to cool down.

"Maybe we should go up?" you said with a sigh, missing your missed bath.

She turned slightly, glancing at you over her shoulder, and you saw the mischievous smile on her lips.

"I think I can make it up for you," she murmured, before rising and stepping out of the bath, reaching out a hand for you.

Smiling, you took it, and got out of the tub.

"I think I could agree with that..."