 Between work and school it had been just another week that seemed endless. This weekend would be different though. I had a full four days off for the Fourth of July. Most 23 year old women would have their bags packed and headed off to some sunny strip of beach somewhere along the Gulf Coast. I, on the other hand, am not most women, my husband had planned on some together time on Friday night and then we were going to one of our favorite strip clubs on Saturday night; which was something I was really looking forward to. I personally have never been with another woman, but this girl at the club made my stomach tight and my knees weak My husband kept telling me that she had a thing for me; I said, "Of course she does, she's and exotic dancer."

Saturday night rolls around and I find myself stepping out of the shower at about 10 p.m. My long curly brown hair is wrapped in a towel high on my head while I decide what to wear. I finally settle on a skirt I made with a cute little tattoo print and a fishnet top with a black bra under it, black thigh highs and my black leather "tall" boots. Flat footed I stand 5'4", add the boots I'm closer to 5'7". Hey a short girl needs all the height help she can get. Looking in the mirror I reconsider my outfit but my husband reassures me that it looks great. After applying a glob of hair goop I wear it down and slightly damp wear it falls down my back. A little make up and my favorite perfume and I'm ready to go.

The strip joint we were headed to was a small hole in the wall in the middle of nowhere. The most cars I'd ever seen in the parking lot were maybe 15 or 20. As we walk in the girl behind the bar waves to us, we've got memberships so no more paying at the door. I ordered drinks while my husband went to find our seats at the edge of the stage. When the bartender handed me the drinks she said, "Watch the new girl, she's kinda clumsy." I laughed a little and made my way over to my hubby. We both tipped the new girl a couple of dollars and she left. The DJ announced the next dancer; she was a vision of beauty dressed in a sheer white nightie, her blonde hair hung loose and wispy under the billowing ac unit. She had on white pleather thigh high boots that made her light tan look dark against all the white she was wearing. When she spotted me she gave me a sexy as hell smile and a wave. I didn't see or hear anything but her until the music started and still I couldn't take my eyes off of her. My husband just smiled and handed me a couple more one's for tipping.

When my angle had made her way over to us she was on her knees with her eyes fixed on me. Leaning forward she put her hands on the back of my chair and whispered, "I am so glad to see you," she looked down at my lap, "Are those thigh highs?" I smiled at her and said yes. "Oh yeah, so very glad to see you."

She knew from previous nights in the club if I was wearing a skirt I was wearing thigh highs under it. Diamond gave me a wicked grin and told me to put my feet up on the stage and lean back. I did as I was told while she held out a hand to my hubby for a dollar. Still smiling at me she pushed my skirt up enough to reveal the tops of my stockings and straddled my legs. The dollar was tucked into the top of my thigh high and I could feel part of it brushing against the black lacey panties covering my crotch. Putting her hands on the back of my chair again, with the wink of an eye she dropped her face to my crotch. I felt her tongue all over my inner thighs, nowhere near the dollar, then I felt her hot breath and wet probing tongue on the lace of my panties pushing against my pussy. I thought I'd faint right there on the spot. After finally removing the dollar she put her mouth still holding the money against my mouth and whispered, "Yummy." The guys that were sitting on the other side of me went nuts, whistling and howling. I slid my feet off the stage and adjusted my skirt and downed the last of my drink. My husband still smiling went to the bar for another round.

The other two girls came and went and after a short break it was Diamond's turn again. This time she was wearing all pink and stiletto's instead of thigh boots. When she got to me she sat on the edge of the stage and half the bar moved around to see just what she was going to do next. She told me to put my ands in my lap, so I did, and she slid down into my lap putting her satin clad pussy right against my hands. She wrapped her arms around me and said, "I want you to kiss, lick, and suck my titties while I dance for you." At this point I thought I must be dreaming, when I didn't react quick enough she pulled my head towards her chest and started rotating her hips against my hands. I opened my mouth to her and started licking and kissing those two beautiful orange sized globes. By this point I was moving my right hand back and forth against her pussy. She was so hot and getting so wet the light pink satin was starting to look red. Her arms tightened around me and her whole body spasmed grinding her pussy harder against my hands. She leaned back a little and looked at my face, then planted her mouth on mine for a light, almost chaste kiss. The place erupted in applaud and tips just hit the stage, some of the guys were tipping 5's, 10's and 20's. Diamond smiled, got up and finished her dance, collecting her tips while I finished my fourth drink of the night and hubby went for refills. This was turning into sexual frustration and not the stress relief I badly needed. When my husband handed me my drink I downed it in one gulp, he cocked his head a little and offered me his drink, so I downed it too.

"If I get you another drink, you promise not to drink mine too?"

I smiled up at him and said, "It's a deal."

About the time he made it back with the drinks, Lexi, one of his favorite dancers was stopping in front of us on stage. She's a cute red head with tiny tits and a big bubble butt, thick thighs and two dolphins tattooed around her navel on her flat tummy. After shaking her butt at my hubby she turned her attention to me, "Di wants to see you in the back after her next show," she then licked and nibbled on my ear lobe. I nodded my head and tipped her, so she moved on. My hubby leaned in and asked what that was about, so I told him. He gave me a big goofy grin and thumbs up. For years he's been encouraging me to explore my bi-curious side.

I had a little bit to think about it and with my hubby's encouragement I decided to do it. When Diamond came back out I knew that I would tell her yes.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*

If this story is worth being finished let me know. I think it's good but as the author I'm supposed to. If you want to find out what happens to the BBW and Diamond tell me so.