 NOTE: This is for everyone who sent me positive feedback on my first story BBW and a Diamond in the Rough. If it hadn't been for all of you, I would never have sent the second part of this out to be viewed, thanks so much everyone.

*

I'm sitting at the edge of the stage sipping my drink and feeling a bit nervous. Apparently, my favorite dancer wants to see me backstage after her set; which starts in about two minutes. Closing my eyes, I take a deep calming breath, I feel a little better.

"Coming back to the stage one last time tonight, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for.... Diamond!"

As soon as I saw her, I knew I was ok. She walked up the steps leading to the stage wearing a lime green sheer camisole and matching g-string. I don't really care for the color, but on her, I loved it! We smiled at each other and instead of her starting her dance on either side of the steps; she crossed the stage to me. As her song started, she was bumping and grinding the air, taking off her top she tossed it at me. Staring up at her I had the sudden thought that her g-string was about a size too small, it was very tight on her and couldn't be comfortable at all. Moving in closer to me she asked, "You going to come see me after the show?" I nodded my head "yes" and she responded by wrapping her legs around my head and gyrating her pussy in my face. Staring at that beautiful mound I realized her panties were indeed too small, her pussy was open and for the most part completely bare in my face and in the position the silky fabric molded to her clit; showing me just how swollen and happy she was to be there. I looked up at her; she kissed the air and flicked her tongue, as close as she was to me when I flicked my tongue, she almost lost her balance from the jolt. I smiled and continued working on her pussy with my tongue. It wasn't long and she was pinching her nipples and moaning, "Come on baby, come on baby, oh yeah, just like that, mmmm yeah baby tongue my fucking pussy." The DJ seemed to be getting a little impatient; half her dance was over and she hadn't left me yet. I sucked one last time on her cunt, drove my tongue into her, and pulled back. Diamond looked very disappointed, but I mouthed the word, "later," to her and she smiled and stood up. A couple of the guys gave her really big tips when she opened her legs to them, putting her open pussy close enough for them to see that I had really been eating her pussy on stage in front of everyone.

When her song ended I stood up, kissed my hubby and told him I'd be back in a bit. Diamond was just stepping off the stage when I got over to her. When our eyes met, the physical heat between us was almost unbearable. Taking my head Diamond led me back stage. Looking around the room, there wasn't a lot in here, a wardrobe rack full of clothes, a pile of shoes in the corner, a large mirror against one wall with a vanity table set up under it, two folding chairs and a couch that had seen its better days.

Dropping her money purse and her shoes on the vanity table she closed and locked the door behind us. Our eyes met again and she closed the distance. When our lips met, there was nothing chaste about this kiss, our tongues fought each other; a small moan escaped her lips as my fingers found her nipples. Slowly backing up we reached the couch and sat, Diamond straddling my lap. She pulled my top over my head, tossing it to the other end of the couch, reaching behind me she undone my bra, throwing it over with my shirt. I put my hands under her ass a lifting a little till she stood up and I pulled off her g-string, then buried my face in her now bare pussy. Rocking her hips against my face, this bitch was getting HOTTER. I leaned back and Di followed, locking her legs around the back of the couch. Keeping that tasty cunt on my mouth; I took two fingers on my left hand and slid them as deep as I could into her gushing snatch; Diamond groaned, "MMMM baby, fuck my pussy with you hand, that feels so fucking good, don't ever stop."

Listening to her encouragement, I took my fingers out of her cunt, replacing them with two fingers on my right hand. I located her little puckered rosebud with my very slick fingers, I teased around it with circles getting closer and closer to my target. As soon as I applied a little pressure to her asshole Diamond pushed down hard and my fingers slowly inched into her ass. When I finally had double digits buried in her cunt and asshole, I slowly pumped them in and out alternately; in the pussy, out the ass, out the pussy, in the ass, until she begged me for more. Sucking hard on her clit I slid another finger into her pussy, keeping the same steady pace.

"More, more, more, another finger in my ass, harder, deeper, make it hurt baby, OH YEAH, fuck my just like that!"

I now had three fingers in her ass and her cunt pumping as hard as I could and sucking her clit, lightly grazing it with my teeth.

"Oh fuck yeah baby, nibble on my clit, mmmm yeah, I'm cumming baby, oh fuck, oh yeah, oh yeah, mmm hmmm, yeah baby!"

I felt her cunt and ass clench and spasm around my fingers and I bit her clit a little harder making her buck wildly. I had to take my fingers out of her to hold her whole I sucked and licked her pussy; until she stopped writhing, and slid down my body to plant a kiss on my mouth, "come home with me," she whispered, "let me return the favor."

I kissed her again, and said, "Yes"

We got dressed and left the backroom, every man in the place stood up and applauded when they saw us, apparently, they could hear us.

I let my husband know what we were doing. He kissed me and told me to have fun; he'd be waiting when I got home.

"Don't you want to come?" I asked.

"Oh, I want to cum, but maybe next time. Go, have fun." He kissed me.

"I love you baby," I said.

"I love you too," he smiled, "See you at home."

We kissed again, and I climbed into Diamond's car, he got into our car. We waved to each other, then set off in opposite directions.

*

Again, I don't think this is the end for the bbw and Di, if you want to read more, let me know and I'll gladly send in a part 03.