 (Author's note: as so often, this one swirls around the categories a little. There is an element of the fantastical, but please don't expect a fantasy in the sense of a full-on chains and orgies BDSM extravaganza. This is a tale of two people 'most remarkable like you', feeling their way towards a little spice. If you like to read about dungeons and racks, you will find it very tame; if you like to play a little at home, you just might find it strikes a chord or two.

My profound thanks, as always, to Lisa Jones for inspiration, advice and encouragement.)

© 2013

*

"Tell Auntie Bev all about it."

"About what?"

Anna was standing grumpily at the foot of the steps outside her office, wrapped in scarf and coat against the unseasonal April snow and carrying a heavy bag in each hand.

"Whatever it is that's put you in such a pissy mood, sunshine."

Bev took the larger bag and slung it easily over her shoulder. They began to walk towards the car park.

"Nothing to say."

"Yes there is. What is it?"

"Just a pissy day, like you said; don't imagine yours was any better. Had to go and see Jacqui Rhys."

"Uh-huh. She try to sign you up again?"

"The posters just get up my nose, OK? It's unprofessional ..."

Bev attempted a noncommittal shrug under the weight of Anna's bag. It didn't matter, Anna was looking at the ground rather than her.

"... for fuck's sake: the only person on that corridor who needs to 'get over' Jacqui Rhys being gay is Jacqui Rhys."

"She's just ..."

Bev's voice trailed off. She didn't want this argument at any time, let alone tonight. As Anna had guessed, her own day had been fraught enough. And part of her agreed: a university music department at the beginning of the twenty-first century was as welcoming a venue in which to come out as there had ever been. There was something more than a little irritating about Jacqui's smugness about her own courage. Then again, a university music department is hardly the place to find retiring introverts either. And on the third hand ...

"... She's just not ashamed of who she is."

Anna stopped in her tracks, as if she had walked into a wall. She dropped her bag into a slushy puddle.

"And just what exactly the fuck is that supposed to mean?"

Bev sighed, perhaps a little too obviously. It was going to be one of those evenings. They were blocking the footpath in the middle of the five o'clock rush to the car park; across the road the bus stop queue was overflowing the pavement; it was snowing. Bev really wanted to get into a hot bath.

"It doesn't mean any-"

Bev felt Anna's hand at the back of her neck, as if to pull Bev's mouth down to her own. Kissing in anger to prove a point was hardly Anna's style. Bev's shoulder tensed against it, but then Anna stopped with a sad, guilty look instead. Her voice sounded very small and vulnerable.

"Can we go home now please? I'm really tired."

"Of course we can, sweetheart."

 ***** *****