 I am a bisexual 18 year old girl, and enjoy making love to people of both sexes.

I started my sexual life with another girl when we were both 14. We both loved what we did, and neither of us feels any shame because of it. With only one exception, I only have sex with somebody inside of a relationship.

This occurred during a summer when I was 18. I live in the Los Angeles area, so the beach is a favorite place to go. I am short, with long hair so I tend to stand out a bit. On top of that my dark tan makes me look like some kind of beach bunny.

This day, I was hanging out near a pier and started to talk with this girl. We quickly started to laugh and talk, comparing which guys we thought were cool, and which were geeks. She had recently moved to the area, and I told her about the places for girls our age to go.

I was dressed in my new bikini. It was as low-cut as my father would let me get away with, and not as low as I wanted. She was in a real tight red one-piece. She was taller then me (then again, who is not?), and more rounded. I liked the way she looked, but kept that to myself, not wanting to freak out my new friend.

We walked up and down the beach all afternoon. Talking about guys, playing in the water, playing games in the arcade, and the usual stuff. We spent about an hour flirting with these 2 good looking guys. They bought us lunch, and finally left when they realized that neither of us would do anything more with them on that day. Before they left, we both told them to look for us another day.

When it was starting to get dark, we went to the lockers to get our stuff and change back to regular clothes. I had ridden my bike there, while her mom drove her over. When we got to the shower building, there was only one change room/shower unoccupied. Marti suggested we share it, and it sounded reasonable to me. I mean, it was no different from what I did during gym at school.

Once inside, I stripped down, and moved under the luke-warm water. My nipples hardened, but that was strictly involuntary. They got stiffer when I saw her remove her suit. This girl was fine looking. Like me, she kept her pubic hair closely trimmed, and I moved my hand down to wash the sand and salt out of my own, running my fingers through my short hair, and wishing that it was hers.

She moved next to me, and we brushed against each other a few times as we washed our hair and bodies. Even though it should normally take only 2 minutes or so to do this, we both lingered. I did not want to leave her so soon, and she seemed to be the same way.

I turned my back to her to rinse my face, and I felt her hands on my back. "Let me make sure all the sand is off" she said as she ran her hands up and down my spine, eliciting chills. After several passes, her hands were at the small of my back, and lightly caressing my side. I shivered, and bit my lip to not moan at her touch. The then blew my mind when she reached around to my front, and lightly grasped my breasts.

I moved back to press my back against her front, feeling her large breasts press into my back. I turned around, and we kissed there under the water. Marti continued to caress my breasts and nipples, as my hands moved up and down her back. I moaned and grasped her head as she broke the kiss and ducked down, suckling on my right nipple as I cradled her head. I started to feel guilty, because I was already seeing a girl, but the lust could not be denied.

I lowered my hands to caress her breasts. They were larger than any others I have touched. I was a 34A, and my GF was only a 34B. She was easily a 36C, with large nipples which were very hard. I pinched them lightly, shuddering as Marti moaned around my own nipple. I gasped as she moved down, kissing the underside if my breast, then my belly.

I leaned back against a wall as she kneeled between my legs, and gently parted them with her hands. I ran my fingers through her hair as she gently licked my vulva, then kissed my clitoris. I could tell as she started to suck on it that this was not her first time with another girl. I was soon shivering, reaching for my climax quickly as she played with my breasts and alternated between sucking on my clit, and licking my vulva and vagina.

I bit my lip to keep quiet (I am a moaner by nature), and let the feeling sweep over me as I came, holding her head to me and moaning her name. I almost collapsed, and she eased me onto the floor, kissing me when I was sitting. We kissed for about 10 minutes, tasting myself on her lips, and caressing each other.

I started to caress more of her, sliding my fingers all over her wet skin. I licked the water off of her shoulder, then her neck and ear. She sighed, holding me close and whispering how good that felt. I moved her onto her back, and kissed my way down her body. She shivered as I sucked on her nipples.

Marti's areola were almost the size of silver dollars, and her nipples were like erasers. I opened wide to suckle them as I caressed her legs. I slowly moved my hand up, and was soon caressing her upper thighs, softly brushing my hands along her vulva.

I moved my hand up to cup her vulva, running a finger between her labia. She was hot, wet, and felt real good. I moaned as I slipped a finger slowly into her, feeling how tight she was. "I am still a virgin" she moaned as I started to caress her clit with my thumb.

As I moved to her other breast, she moaned how she had been wanting me all day, but was afraid to do anything. I whispered I felt the same as I kissed the underside of her breast, and moved my body to lie between her legs. I pressed my belly against her groin as I moved my hands up to cup and caress her breasts. I moved down, licking her belly as the water continued to pour down on us.

Soon I reached her mound, and lightly pulled her hair with my lips. Not causing her pain, but feeling her move under me. I slipped between her legs, and lightly licked her slit. She gasped and grabbed my head, like I would want to be anywhere else. I slowly licked up and down her vulva, and then slid my tongue between her lips, licking her opening. I slid my tongue inside her, and Marti moaned, moving her legs onto my back as she softly called my name.

I slid my tongue in and out a few times, reaching out to hold her hands in mine as I moved back up to suck and lick her clit again. Marti really tightened her grip on my hands, and was soon moaning that she was about to cum. Another 3 minutes, and she exploded, tightening her hands more and moaning as her thighs gripped me, and she shuddered. Her vulva pulsed as she came, making us both feel real good.

After she could finally stand, we showered up again, and toweled each other off. We shared a long kiss after we got dressed, then went out to wait for her mom. She gave me her phone number, and I promised to call her after I got home.

The only sad part was that when I went to call her, the number was not hers. I like to think that it was a mistake, and she made a mistake. I have looked for her ever since, but to no luck. I admitted to my girlfriend what I had done, having to confess to my cheating on her. She forgave me, saying she probably would have done the same thing in my place. Even thought that was my only "one night stand", I look back on it with fond memories.