 Note: These characters are fictional. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

*****

It was a cool morning in Montreal when Stephanie Moureaux ran out on to the practice pitch. Her form was lithe and agile with lightly tanned skin. It was covered by the distinctive French football uniform, navy blue shorts and a matching shirt with white collar and miniature rooster emblem at the chest. Her blue socks were pulled high over her shin guards, and her white cleats gleamed in the morning dew. Stephanie's hair, normally long and flowing locks of light brown and blonde highlights, was pulled high into a ponytail that bounced side to side as she ran.

Stephanie looked up at the sky and smiled. It always seemed pure in the morning. Pink and white wisps swirled about the Sun over a bright blue backdrop that spread across the horizon. The Sun was just peaking its head out from under those clouds, welcoming her with a bath of soft light rays. Beneath her, the grass was wet and crisp from heavy dew, crunching under Stephanie's cleats with each step she took. Around her, a soft breeze blew, soothing Stephanie's nerves as it rippled her neatly washed uniform and fluttered her pony tail even more.

There was no one else to greet Stephanie but the playful chirp of the birds and the squirrel skittering out of her path. That was how she liked it. At the tender age of 22, Stephanie may have been one of the youngest members of her powerful French football squad, but she was determined to be the best. What better way to be the best in the world than to get up earlier and practice more than her competition?

Stephanie was already well on her way if the papers were any judge. She was small and quick with an explosive first step, wreaking havoc on opposing back lines by sneaking by for scoring runs or simply dribbling by with her superior ball skills. The up and coming starlet lit up the headlines with her goals and the magazines with her winning smile and soft feminine form. Stephanie had already graced the covers of most of France's most famous magazines, and was quickly becoming a favorite of men and women alike from Paris to the countryside. Stephanie wanted to be remembered for her football skills, however, and she intended to ensure her place in French history by leading 'Les Bleues' to their first ever World Cup victory.

As she dribbled her way to the penalty box, Stephanie was already imagining the scene just as she had done a thousand times before. She bent to place the ball perfectly at the center of the rectangle and closed her eyes as she straightened up to get ready. Stephanie heard the cheers of her fans in her mind. "Allez Les Bleues! Allez Les Bleues! Allez Les Bleues!" They chanted over and over, wildly waving about the blue, white, and red flag of their country. They cheered Stephanie on, the striker for the final penalty shot. If she scored, they would win the game. France would win its first World Cup. She would be a hero.

A small smile curled at the corner of Stephanie's lips as she stepped back to prepare her shot. The young French forward opened her soft brown eyes and looked around the pitch. It was empty and serene, but in her mind, it was full of life, full of tension. Stephanie imagined the goalkeeper staring her down and the hush of the crowd as she raised her arm to prepare her shot, an epic slice to the right after a faint to the left. She sensed it when the crowd sucked in their breath, waited one more moment to let the tension build when suddenly...

SMACK!

"Ow!" Stephanie yelped and jumped straight up in the air, covering her sweet behind with her hands as she whirled around to see who dared to her slap her butt out of the blue.

Tanja Wagner, the world class striker of the German squad, was standing there with her hands clasped behind her back and a huge grin smeared all over her face. Tanja was a blonde and blue eyed beauty with playfully messy, short blonde hair and creamy pale skin. She wore the signature white shirt and black shorts of the German team with black and red trim along the edge of her sleeves and along the v of her neck. Tanja was a finger's length taller than Stephanie and a few years older, with a more powerful frame.

The German striker was widely regarded as one of the best goal scorers in Europe. She was known for her aggressive play, her powerful kick, and her otherworldly accuracy with her headers. Tanja was one of the main reasons why Germany was considered the best team in the world and possibly the biggest obstacle standing between Stephanie and her dreams of glory. She had already carried 'Die Nationalelf' to dozens of victories in her short career. Now, apparently, Tanja could also add 'sneaky spank ninja' to her resume.

"What the hell?" Stephanie asked, bewildered. The French woman looked completely flustered. A million thoughts raced through her mind but none of them found their way out of her mouth. She rubbed her sore butt gingerly while staring daggers at the playful German.

"Aww, does it hurt Frenchy?" Tanja asked, a smirk curling at the corner of her lips as she took a step closer to Stephanie. She reached out, maybe thinking to rub it better, only for the French woman to swat her hand away in horror.

"Of course it hurts!" Stephanie shot back with an affronted look on her pretty face. She took a step back from the aggressive German and blushed. "You cannot just... spank people... without warning!"

"Would you prefer a warning next time?" Tanja asked playfully, allowing Stephanie to maintain her space this time. "Sorry, but you just looked so sexy thrusting out your butt for me like that. Besides, you were telegraphing your shot."

"Yes! I mean no! There will not be any next time," Stephanie quickly amended, embarrassment flooding her soft cheeks with a rosy shade. "And I was most certainly not telegraphing ... or ... thrusting."

"Heh, you sure about that Frenchy?" Tanja giggled. "It looked a lot like thrust-"

"Well it wasn't!" Stephanie interrupted her in utter dismay. "I will show you on Friday when we beat you in the match and send you back home. You will see!"

"Mmm, that would be something wouldn't it? Care to put your money where your mouth is?" Tanja asked, that playful smirk curling at her lips once again.

"I would love to!" Stephanie grinned but then paused uncertainly. "But isn't that against the rules?"

"Oh nothing so crude as money or gambling," Tanja assured Stephanie, her blue eyes trailing up and down the French woman's soft, lovely form. "I'm more interested in that sweet ass of your's if you'd be willing to share it with me..."

Stephanie opened her mouth but no words came out, so she closed it again. Her heart thudded in her chest as she watched the playful German step toward her and twirl about to brush her firm ass up against Stephanie's lap. The French brunette couldn't help but gasp from the surge of tingles the sweet contact sent rushing through her limbs.. and her core.

"I'd let you have mine if you win..." Tanja purred seductively. She reached up to wrap her arms gently behind Stephanie's head, starting to grind more tightly against Stephanie and grinned devilishly when she heard the French woman's longing moan. "I've seen the look in your eyes when your teammates jump into your arms after a goal. I know you want it, and if you win, you can have it..."

"Is it really that obvious?" Stephanie gasped. Her cheeks went scarlet as she watched the playful German wiggle teasingly in front of her. Her arms slowly curled around Tanja's waist to hold that sexy minx close to her, yearning to stay like that for a very long time.

It was true that Stephanie had longed for a woman's touch for years now. It was tantalizing being surrounded by so many pretty girls on her team, prancing about naked in the shower or bending to get changed in the locker room. Not being able to express her pent up feelings was incredibly frustrating. Stephanie hadn't worked up the courage to admit her desires to anyone, but somehow Tanja, a player from another team, was able to figure it out on her own. Stephanie didn't know what to think about that. She did know that she really liked what she was feeling right now and wanted it to continue.

"Let's just say I have an eye for that kind of thing," Tanja giggled, playfully looking over her shoulder and batting her lashes before twirling around again to look into Stephanie's eyes. She wrapped her arms around the French woman and pulled her close so that their bodies warmed one another from head to toe. "So, is it a deal?"

"Yes, it is a deal, but nothing too rough?" Stephanie said, hardly believing the words that were escaping her lips. She intended to win the match anyway. It was her dream to win the World Cup, and she wasn't going to let Tanja and the German team stand in her way. If she got to have her way with Tanja's sexy butt too, that would just be icing on the cake! Still, Stephanie couldn't help but feel a little vulnerable at the thought of losing, and maybe even a little intrigued. There was just something about this German that flustered and excited her more than anyone she'd ever met.

"Mm, don't worry Frenchy. I'll make sure you enjoy it," Tanja whispered. She leaned close, letting her lips brush against the side of Stephanie's ear, drawing another fluttery moan from the brunette's lips. Tanja's warm breath sent shivers of joy rushing down Stephanie's spine just as the blonde softly grasped her beautiful butt to give it a teasing caress.

"I will make sure you do too.." Stephanie gasped, feeling herself rising up onto the tips of her toes in response to Tanja's caress. Her breasts pressed snugly against Tanja's firmer but still lovely orbs, and she felt her body starting to melt under the blonde's touch. She leaned against Tanja and let the German hold her up in her strong arms.

"I'm sure you would... but how about a little preview?" Tanja teased, giving Stephanie a hugging squeeze before turning the brunette around to hold her close. Her fingers ghosted along Stephanie's sides and her belly, making little creases in the French woman's navy blue uniform as she thrust gently up under her butt. Tanja kissed Stephanie from the edge of her ear, to her lobes, and then down the sides of her neck and her shoulders. She smiled when Stephanie nuzzled cutely against her cheek. "We're all alone on this field. Just me, you, and my fingers in your cute little pussy. What do you say?"

"Oh yes please," Stephanie breathed. She leaned back against Tanja and arched her back to nestle her behind snugly against the blonde's lap. Tanja's fingers tickled and teased her all the way down to her hips, drawing soft moans from her quivering lips. Her thighs rubbed together in anticipation just as a cool Canadian breeze flowed over her body. Stephanie's eyes fluttered closed in the breeze, quivers of delight coursing through her veins from the lovely contrast between the cool breeze and the warmth of Tanja's body pressed so close behind her.

"Good girl.." Tanja whispered, her lips kneading Stephanie's delicate tanned skin at the side of her neck. The German kept a strong arm around the brunette's torso to support her as her other hand teasingly brushed the soft fabric of Stephanie's shorts in little swirls against her thighs. Her fingers tickled and teased the brunette's athletic legs and hips, tracing all along the young woman's curves as she brushed the fabric of her shorts against the softer panties beneath them.

Stephanie groaned in delight. She melted further with each swirling rub, each delicate brush, each tantalizing tickle. Her body swayed against Tanja's stronger form. Her back pressed against Tanja's stiff nipples, brushing side to side against them just like her hips swayed side to side in the blonde's lap, feeling the slightest warm wet patch forming behind her. The brunette looked around to verify that they were still alone and breathed a sigh of relief when she found that they were. Getting up early to practice had more benefits than she'd ever dreamed of.

"Mm, your hair smells like strawberries," Tanja whispered, taking a deep whiff of the scent as she slowly guided Stephanie down to the grass. She lay down on her back, pulling the French woman on top of her so the pair could relax on the soft, moist grass. The blonde smiled and pressed a kiss just above Stephanie's collar when she slid her hand inside the French woman's shorts and her panties, to find an equally moist and excited flower hidden within the polyester fabric, playfully tickling it with her finger tips.

"Ooh, do you like it?" Stephanie cooed. She bit her lip in anticipation. Her hips twitched at the touch of Tanja's fingers against her most private area. The brunette whined and gasped softly, rubbing her inner thighs against the German's hand as those slender fingers made her arch with each soft stroke and swirl against her slick petals. Tanja was playing her like only a virtuoso could.

"It's cute, heh. Just like these little white collars on your uniforms. You French girls are so adorable," Tanja giggled, lightly parting Stephanie's flower with her outer fingers. Just when it looked like the brunette might protest the condescending description of her country, Tanja distracted her by curling her two inner fingers deep within her, wiggling them side to side to tease the pretty girl.

"A-ah!" Stephanie gasped, mewling in pleasuring at Tanja's lovely fingering. The brunette squirmed all over, twisting her hips side to side. She eagerly bucked up against Tanja's hand and nuzzled her highlighted hair against the blonde's cheek so she could enjoy more of the strawberry fragrance.

"And you are the prettiest of all," Tanja purred in Stephanie's ear and snickered when the brunette blushed and bucked up harder in response. The German then held Stephanie down more firmly to keep her from bucking and squirming so much. When she had Stephanie held nice and secure, Tanja started drilling her fingers in and out of the younger woman's pussy. Stephanie cried out, but Tanja kept going because she knew what the girl wanted and she was determined to give it to her.

Tanja's middle fingers pounded furiously, even has she stroked and massaged Stephanie's trembling petals with her palm and outer fingers, filling their ears with the sucking, wet sounds of Stephanie's pussy squeezing around Tanja's fingers. The German licked her lips and groaned hot air against Stephanie's ear. She took a deep breath and flexed her forearm, preparing to finger the pretty French girl as fast as she could.

"Ohh... Ohhh.. OH!" Stephanie moaned breathlessly through trembling lips again and again. One of her arms curled up to brush Tanja's blonde hair as she stared up at the sky in awe. Her body writhed in Tanja's firm grasp, but her wriggles only heightened her pleasure. Legs spread wide now, Stephanie felt as if she was climbing a massive roller coaster, her back forced back against Tanja as she climbed higher and higher toward the peak. Warm swells of pleasure rushed through her body, sloshing through her belly and her core like white water rapids. Tingles and butterflies filled Stephanie's belly when she felt the peak of the roller coaster quickly approaching. Stephanie knew she was close and was just preparing for it when suddenly Tanja brushed her thumb against her throbbing pleasure pearl.

"Aie!" Stephanie shrieked in surprise, rocketing off the edge of the roller coaster before she was expecting it. The French brunette lurched and twisted in ecstasy, and hot love juices rushed from her flower to coat Tanja's relentlessly pounding fingers. She mewled and groaned, burying her face into Tanja's neck. Her hips bucked up hard against each thrust of Tanja's fingers, bouncing her butt back down against the German woman's lap each time.

"Holy fuck Frenchy..." Tanja gasped as she gradually slowed her fingers to a stop, gently curling and brushing the length of her fingers against Stephanie's most sensitive spots on the way out of her womanhood. Tanja groaned, covered in sweat and panting from the exertion. She brought her coated fingers to her lips to lick them clean with a sucking pop.

"Just imagine how much fun it will be after you lose on Friday," Tanja giggled, pressing a tight kiss on the French woman's cheek once she was finished sucking on Stephanie's juices. Stephanie, for her part, could only stare in awe at the German striker, rendered speechless by the mind blowing orgasm, her chest rising and falling from the quickness of her soft, fluttery breaths.

Tanja freed herself from beneath Stephanie, gently laying the French forward on the grass. When she was back on her feet, Tanja went to the long abandoned ball in the center of the box and kicked, sending a fierce bending shot to the top right corner. She turned to wink at the panting Stephanie when the ball bounced around in the back of the net. Stephanie just looked mesmerized, and Tanja smiled, walking back to her to bend and give her a gentle pat on the cheek.

"You might want to practice some more. Or not. Up to you," Tanja shrugged, teasing Stephanie with her winning smile and playful wink. "See you on Friday Frenchy! Your ass is mine."

*****

Thanks for reading Chapter 1. Although Stephanie and Tanja are original and fictional characters, the outcome of their bet will be determined by how the match goes on Friday the 26th of June! Feel free to let me know who you're rooting for in the comments!