 A little fluffy romantic diddy I wrote in an hour. I really like when butches worship femmes. ;) Constructive criticism is welcome, as I'm fairly new to writing this sort of stuff. Thanks. 

---

I'm lying on the couch in just a white t-shirt and panties, watching TV and stuffing potato chips in my mouth, when she comes home. I stiffen for a moment, but she doesn't seem too interested in me. She sighs heavily as she slips her jacket off, tossing that and her briefcase on the table. I lower the volume and look at her, now sitting at the table with her hands in her short blonde hair. I guiltily shove away the tinges of lust, which are hard to help when she's dressed like that in a suit and tie.

"Babe?" I asked softly. She looks at me and smiles wearily but says nothing. I take this as my cue, turn off the TV, and in moments I am behind her, massaging her tenderly. She says nothing, but her eyes are closed and she's leaning her head back into my stomach, so I know she's enjoying it. 

"Thank you," she murmurs after a bit, one hand reaching up towards my arm, caressing it.

"Of course. What's wrong?"

She shakes her head. "Nothing. Just a stressful day."

"I think you should take the jacket off. It'll help."

She nods and sheds the black, Italian-styled suit jacket, letting it drop to the floor. I can feel her sinewy back muscles under the white cotton dress shirt. I lean down, my lips barely touching her ear.

"Don't you always yell at me for doing stuff like that?"

She chuckles and turns so that her lips graze mine.

"I do," she concedes, and kisses me softly. I return it passionately - I've been wanting her all day. I quickly maneuver so myself so I'm sitting on her lap, silently delighting in the way the suit fabric feels against my bare legs, and how I'm practically naked while she is clothed in her immaculate men's suit. 

Her hands roam underneath my shirt, gently slipping underneath my underwear and cupping my ass.

"Fuck," she said in between kisses, "I wasn't expecting to get into this."

I pull away and raise my eyebrows at her, mock pouting.

"You don't want this?"

She smirks and fingers the material of my shirt. "How can I not? Very alluring."

I scrunch my nose. "Well, fine then," I say, and promptly tear it off. She stared at my naked body with that look that turns me on so much, when she looks almost shocked at what she's witnessing, and how incredibly turned on it makes her. I straddle her so that my clit is just above hers. My eyes widen in shock as I feel the hard bulge of a dildo underneath. 

"Why are you wearing that?" 

"I had different plans this morning," she admits, half-smiling. I bite my lip and bring my face close to hers, her eyes right below mine. 

"Is that better?" I whisper, gyrating slowly. She's breathing heavily as her hands run up and down my back. She doesn't break eye contact once.

"Yes." Her voice is weak. I know that this is one of those rare times where I have control. They are far and few in between, but absolutely thrilling as occasional treats. 

I bring both hands up and tenderly clasp the sides of her face.

"Do you love me?" I ask. She nods, and I can tell she wants to kiss me, the way she keeps trying to bring her lips to mine. 

"Tell me."

She can't fight off a smile at me ordering her to do something, but she tells me anyway.

"I love you, I love you like no one has ever loved anyone before. I worship you, I'm possessed by you, I'm yours entirely and completely. You are my goddess, and I live to please you, in every way."

She knows I like it a bit on the dramatic side.

My teeth are sinking into my lip as I move my hips, the throbbing in my clit intensifying. I'm moaning uncontrollably, but I've still not looked away from her eyes, which look almost agonized. 

"I worship you, I'm yours. I worship you, I worship you," she repeats, her voice rasping. 

I can't help it. I kiss her voraciously, crying out the whole time. One hand holds my waist, the other behind my ear, fist full of my hair. She's quite respectful when we're like this - never attacks my breast or ass unless I specifically ask for it. 

I will myself to pull away and sink down between her legs. She bits one side of her lip, unable to conceal her anticipation. I slowly unbuckle her belt, slipping it through her pants and tossing it over my shoulder. I give her a bratty wink as I do so, making her grin. 

I unzip her and pull out the dildo, long and black. It's my favorite one. I begin to suck it the way I know she likes it, alternating between long, languorous licks up and down the shaft, and taking it deep down my throat, locking eyes with her as I do so. 

Watching the pleasure unfold on her face is a satisfaction beyond comparison. She looks beautiful and despaired, like what she's feeling is too much. She lets her guard down when we are like this, and she lets me know just how much power I have over her through her reaction. She caresses the back of my head tenderly.

After a bit, I pull away, and stand up before her. She opens her mouth, but doesn't say anything. She doesn't move. She can only drag her eyes up and down my body and wait. 

I extend my hand to take hers. She takes it and rises, following me to the couch. I gently push her down and straddle her, now more comfortable with the plush leather underneath my knees. 

"What do you want?" My voice is lightly taunting.

"To be inside you, my goddess. Please."

I lick my lips and bring a finger to my chin, as though in thought.

"More."

A heavy exhale. She's going to commit herself now. 

"Please, god, please fuck me," she begins to beg, pulling me close to her so our faces are touching, "please, I need you, I need to be inside you, I need you Serena, I need you, I need you, you have no idea how badly, I'll die if you don't fuck me right now, I'm nothing without you, please."

My entire body is flushed and hot at the sound of her openly pleading with me, and I can't help but want to push it to the edge. After all, that's what she does to me. Besides, this is hot, but affected. I need her to really beg. 

I reach down, beneath the dildo, finding her clit, softly grazing it, not enough to make her come. My other hand rakes her chest, up and down, which I know she loves.

She's moaning uncontrollably, still begging, "please, oh my god, fuck, fuck, Serena, holy shit, please, god you can't do that, that's not fair, just fuck me, I'm fucking begging you, please, please, Serena please..."

Finally, after about a good two minutes of this, when I think she's going to actually start to cry, I slip the dildo inside me, and begin to fuck it, hard. I know the angle that hits her clit, and I tease her by pounding against it in intervals. 

I lift my breasts to her mouth, making her suck on them, take them in completely as her eyes roll in the back of her heads. She squeezes them, lick and biting them, worshipping them completely. 

"How fucking beautiful you are," she says, her voice crackling. Once she has her hands and mouth on my breast she can't get enough of them, her tongue sloping up and down, pushing them together and marveling at how full they are. 

I feel close to coming, and the only thing that will send me over the edge is hearing her come. I began to gyrate intensely where I know she can feel it most, and begin kissing her neck by her ear, tracing circular patterns and lightly biting. 

"Fuck, don't stop, don't stop, don't you dare fucking stop," and I know that she's close to coming when she uses that demanding voice on me. I have no inclination of stopping anyway. The beginnings of the orgasm roil inside me, and I shiver just moments before it bursts.

She gasps loudly and says "God," before she is rendered incoherent, groaning and trembling uncontrollably underneath me. My orgasm leaves me seeing spots, my body heated up from the inside out, melting against her.

Hearing her come like that, I think, is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard. 

When my orgasm subsides, I realize I'm exhausted. I'm collapsed against her, listening to our out-of-sync breathing. Finally, when the heat becomes to much to bear, I let myself slump over to the side, relishing in the cool surface of the couch. 

She lightly caresses my legs, looking down at me dumbfounded. 

"I don't know how you always manage to get that to happen."

"Not always," I say. "It's a rare and delectable treat."

"It's more than I'm used to. But fuck, that was hot." She grins lazily as she looks up. "Really hot."

I close my eyes, feeling a serene fatigue wash over me.

"Good," I murmur, shifting over to my belly. The last thing I recall before falling asleep is her body pressed against mine, lips resting on the back of my neck.