  Thank you for the faves and comments.

No I am not falling deep into PARANORMAL this chapter, just pointing out that there is stuff we can't explain in life, and I have seen a few things. 

Been calming down here, and I feel better, so hopefully this gets better too.

Enjoy! ~ Fogu



Thursday (Tuyet POV)

Wednesday, no, it's Thursday.

"Oh I feel like shit." I am aware this morning again because of pain. 

No pill yet. I had also went back to sleep for a bit earlier. 

I need to do some homework. 

Dina has headed off to school. We chatted over text and flirted through the windows. 

She seemed both happy and down today but I never got a chance to ask why. 

I wrote up a quick letter and made a few copies. Something I had been thinking about since my talk with Dina at the doctors. 

I planned on delivering them myself, but I asked Dina instead.

She picked them up, we shared a kiss and she had to rush off. That kiss took up a bit of her time. We held each other and made out until she risked being late, that's why she had to run.

I get about an hour of the schoolwork done, and two of Tekken. I'm home and it isn't like I enjoy school, I'm just good at it. Plus I'm recovering! 

I head down and make some chocolate milk. A familiar mechanical knocking draws my attention and I watch as Karen returns early. She walks around the house looking through the windows, of course I can only see the one side of her house, then she goes to the front. 

I head back to my room.

I soon see her pass the odd hallway window, which I actually think is cool. Or at least I think it is a hallway. Nook maybe. But she doesn't appear in her and her husband's room. 

I quit looking for Karen like she was a villain in those cheesy picture find mysteries I like and zone out staring into Dina's room. Imagining the little shows I had inadvertently and purposefully gotten since she had moved in. 

Then I see a hat fall from her door. I stare at the door wondering why the hat fell. 

I grab my binoculars and watch closely. The door shakes a few more times, but it doesn't open. 

Then, as if I was imagining everything, it stops. 

After a while Karen is in the yard and heading for the shed. I have not yet ever seen the woman in the shed. I doubt she knows how to put gas in the mower. 

She enters and is back outside with an old ladder that had been left behind. 

Even I can tell it is bad. The wood looks horrid, I see a rung missing and another is cracked. 

I watch as she puts it up next to Dina's window and starts up it. I can feel it coming. Her hand lands upon the roof and then a sound I adore!

A loud CRACK! Setting off the "Aaaa!" Cut short by an "OOOOFFF!" which is accompanied by what I can describe as a small deer hitting the grass after being shot. You know, a solid yet hollow sort of sound. I cannot really describe it, it has been a while since I went hunting. 

Anyway. The ladder is now missing four rungs. Karen lays still under Dina's window on the ground. I only see her feet. They aren't moving. I imagine them curling up like in The Wizard Of Oz.

Just as I am starting to seriously debate calling someone, the feet move. Karen then comes into view looking like she got hit by a herd of wild moose in a cartoon. Grass and leaves in her hair, dirt all over her back, ripped pants and shirt. Smudged make up. 

I start to laugh and instantly regret it. "Can't do that for six more weeks." It is bad enough I have to breath deeply but to have my amusement curbed. I can't even... you know... when Dina shows off for me. I had tried it last night, had to go lay down. Sent her the video of her spinning round for me instead. 

Speaking of messages, I didn't look at the one Marissa had sent me.

I open it and see Dina and I cuddling together. That was Wednesday morning. I set it as my background and send Marissa a thank you in return. Then I decide to send her one of me flashing the peace sign and sticking out my tongue. 

Then I decide to call Anna. 

All the while I'm half watching Karen pick up pieces of ladder and looking disoriented. She's muttering but I can't understand a thing. Think Yosemite Sam cursing, only female.

"Hey!" Anna squeals on her end of the line. "Been a while, Tet!" 

I smile hearing the name we both sort of gave me. I had mumbled a lot and she stuttered some because she would talk too fast when we were younger. 

"Sorry." I tell her. "Just checking in. What did I miss this past week?" 

"Not much. Mom's back in jail. I'm taking care of Jayden and Lizzie. My little brother is fine but the cat is such a pain in my ass." Anna groans the last part. "All the pussy does is scratch and growl at me, Mother taught her well." 

I chuckle.

"Dad is retiring." She adds after a moment. 

"Moving in with him again?" I ask.

"Most definitely!" The little joyous shout has me tilting my head away from the phone. "Jayden is coming with. I mean, Mom really screwed the pooch with this one!" 

"What did she do?" I ask. The tales of her mother were always something but the tone now was intriguing.

She proceeds to list off charges as if she is repeating a customer's order at her fast food job. 

"Grand theft auto, reckless driving, resisting arrest, speeding, excessive speeding, speeding in a school zone, hit and run, child endangerment, attempted murder, attempted murder of a peace officer, assaulting a law enforcement officer, damage to private property, damage to public property, possession of a controlled substance, driving while intoxicated, open alcohol container in the vehicle, smoking with a child in the vehicle." She takes a deep breath. "Whew!"

"Impressive!" I say. "All of that?"

"Oh, yes, indecent exposure!" Anna adds. "They're getting her with multiple charges on the attempted murders, because the cops don't like her." I throw in an 'I don't blame them.' and Anna continues "The property damage is several thousand dollars. Good luck to the city and citizens on getting that. She borrowed the money from me to fill the tank of the car she used." 

"So what set her off?" I ask, totally curious at this point.

"Jayden's father. It was his day to pick up my little bro." She sighs. "They got him for disturbing the peace and assault. I think that'll fall through since Mom is a nutter and Dewayne is currently in the ICU. I think he lost visitation rights after this, though." 

I hear her telling someone she is on the phone but she must have her hand over the mic.

"Jayden says hi!" She relays quickly and I catch her telling Jayden. "I said do your homework!" Another sigh, exaggerated on her part. "I don't blame him, I don't like homework either." She giggles. "We get that from Mom." There is a beat and she adds. "I hope that's all we got from her." 

"Oh, no, you're crazy!" I jab at her verbally. 

"You bitch!" She laughs. "I swear!" Her voice goes back to normal. "I'm coming over there next month." 

"Next month, sure you won't forget about your crazy revenge?" 

I'm still joking so I'm a bit surprised with her reply. "No. I'm literally coming home." 

I am really happy. 

"Dad liked it there too. We always talk about it. That was... that IS home to us." Anna adds with a sincere tone.

"What about school?" Last I heard she was in a fancy academy type place. 

"You didn't get my letter?" She asks. Yes we still use snail mail to talk. I mumble a 'No, don't think so' as she keeps on. "Yeah, I was taking so many after school credit courses to keep away from Mom that I graduated early. Like, a year ago." 

I am really stunned.

"I guess that congratulations was for winning the chess tournament then." I admit it was. "I thought it was for my graduation, that's why I never brought it up when we talk." She explains.

Then I think of something. 

"Anna?"

"Hmm?" I have her interest.

"I have a girlfriend." I try not to mumble.

It is quiet a bit then she laughs hysterically. "Oh that's a good one! I almost believed you for a minute there!" 

I don't say anything and she gets quiet again.

"Really, Tet?" 

I nod, then realize that this isn't a video chat. "Yeah." I say, a hint of worry slipping into my answer.

"Oh, that's cool. I look forward to meeting her!" Anna seems genuinely excited.

"You have." I tell her.

"Ooh! Let me guess!" She hums on the other end a moment. "That Cyprus girl, it was either her name or where she was from. You know, with the really cool grey eyes." She explains.

I do know who she is speaking of, but I didn't talk to her like Anna had. She moved around the same time as my bestie. "No. She moved." 

"I think that church girl, Lucinda, has a thing for the same sex. She was always checking out my ass!" 

"I always heard her putting you down as a slut for your tattoo." Which was true, Lucinda still does bring it up. Like I said, though, until Tuesday I had no issues with her personally. 

I must say that Anna sounded disappointed. I might also add that Anna was not allowed to get said tattoo so she forever has a skimpily clad Sailor Jupiter on her butt. 

She giggles awkwardly. "Allergy meds." She mutters thinking about the tattoo before returning to her game. "Sylvia!" 

I don't remember a Sylvia so I let her list off a couple more.

"Well..." I roll my eyes as she thinks. Anna will name off every name she knows from school out here until she gives up. I don't mind the game anyway, I like hearing her voice. "Tracy? No, she lived in Texas." I grin. "Stacy! It has got to be Stacy!" 

Stacy was too much of an over reach, plus there are like five at school now, and three who had come and gone in at least the time Anna was here. 

So I take a breath. "It's Dina." I admit.

Silence. "Anna?" 

"O'Brian?" She asks carefully. 

"Yes." 

"Bullied you for years, called you names, knocked you around, I beat up for you, Dina?" 

"Yes." I answer softly.

"Tuyet, what does she have on you to make you do this?" Anna is serious sounding, like the guy from that movie Taken. I half expect her to start reminding me that she has a very specific set of skills.

"Things have changed. She's actually my new neighbor and... well... we got to talking." 

"Look, Tet, if she is there, don't say anything to get yourself hurt. Just know that I'll be there as soon as I can!" She is already packing, I hear the familiar click and creak of her suitcase. "Just, be safe! Say you're sick or something!" 

"Anna!" I try to get her attention, but she has hung up. 

I call her again but the line is busy. 

I try a few more times but same thing. 

Busy. 

I sit back and wonder how this is going to work out. Dina, my old nemesis and new girlfriend. Anna, my best friend and a one woman riot. 

I send Anna a text, she'll read it when she is bored. Maybe she will have calmed down by then. I then send her the picture Marissa had sent of Dina and I. Maybe that will help Anna understand. 

Then I send Dina a short version, and explain that Anna is coming to visit. 

With nothing left to do I dive into school work. 

Half an hour later I get a text from Dina. "Happy Happy Joy Joy..." followed by a less than enthusiastic emoji and "Wish me luck." With a crossed fingers emoji after that.

I send her a kiss and a four leaf clover in response but I don't hear anything back.

Thursday (Dina POV)

I really didn't want to leave this morning, but Cinders, she is persistent. 

I just drop the letters off with the three people at the school. 

Coach Marley, I don't see why that's important. Cinders doesn't play sports.

Principal Aiden. Even though I make good grades and have improved my behavior, Aiden and I do not see eye to eye. I guess I am not capable of bettering myself in the old principal's eye. I quickly just move on after shoving the note under the door.

The third I have to give to Ellaine. I don't see how Ellie's sister fits into this either, and honestly, she thinks I am a bad influence on her twin.

Maybe I am.

I catch Ellaine at her locker. "Hey, Laine!" 

"Is it true?" She asks.

I don't even have a clue yet what she is talking about. "What?" 

She gives me that 'What do you think?' look.

"Seriously, you're going to have to be clear on this." I explain.

"You and what's her name, Yetti, are you a couple. Because Ellie swears she saw you two being flirty and touchy feely." 

"Oh." I nod then chuckle. "Tuyet still gets you and Ellie mixed up." I sigh, this actually not easy. 

"Yeah. Tuesday I wasn't here and she didn't know how I felt about telling people about us. She wasn't sure what to say." I scratch my head. 

"She never meant to make it seem like Ellie and I had been together." I tell Ellaine honestly. 

"She also feels really bad about everything." 

I hand Ellaine the letter. "See that Ellie gets that." It reads Ellaine on the front and I explain about Tuyet still getting them mixed up again.

"So you bullied her into it?" The accusing tone hurts and angers me. 

I go with a neutral response. I'm just not sure how to explain it. "I've been... I've had, uh, feelings for a while and... you see I have been..." Deep breath. 

"No. I didn't. We got to get to know each other, you know. I live next door to her now." Ellaine still eyes me skeptically. "She's cool and uh, I'm actually a bit intimidated after getting to know her."

Ellaine looks surprised. 

"Yeah, she got in Bob's, my dad's, Bob's my dad... she got in his face. He was... he was..." Until now I have never admitted this to anyone, mostly out of shame and fear. "He was smacking me around." I feel my eyes mist up and I can't look at Ellaine any more.  

Ellaine looks like she doesn't know what to say. We stand there awkwardly for a bit then she walks off. 

"So you are a rug muncher!" A victorious sounding voice yells out like they had hit the lottery. 

"Go stuff a pom-pom up your ass, Lucinda." I say briskly and walk off before I deck her. 

If there ever was a person to drive someone away from religion, Lucinda would be the template. One big hypocrite. 

Her friends, Tyra and the other one, the ones who put my girl in her locker, I have caught wind of the things the church mouse has done when they talk.

I should probably share some of the stories I've heard with Tuyet.

How Lucinda had Allison Writer go down on her for a spot on the cheer squad. 

Sleeping with her own brother while having a sleep over. When she thought her "friends" asleep.

Skimming money from the student council treasury box. 

I even heard from a couple of the guys Lucinda had taken on at the same time about how wild she was. 

I just don't give a shit about the bitch enough to ruin her life. I could let it slip, but I want no association with her at all. It will all come back to bite her in the end. 

No practice today. 

Coach is on about character and this and that since Ellie had her... incident with Tuyet. 

I decide to turn in the work I am ahead on and leave for the day.

I run by the police station. Cinders has three copies for them and I find myself staring at Bob as he's being processed out. He hasn't seen me, so I hurry and make myself scarce, dropping the letters off and running to the park.

I'm just hanging out when I get a text about Anna coming to town. Soon. 

"Happy Happy Joy Joy" I then add a face that looks indifferent. "Wish me luck" and toss in some crossed fingers.

I get back a kiss and a four leaf clover. 

I smile and decide to let her rest. She likes motorcycles and there is one parked in front of the lawyers' office. I take out my pad and start to draw. 

By the time the biker, and I mean biker, leaves, I have the basic sketch down. Lucky me. 

I change up the colors, blending Black and Purple accents in the chopper. Tuyet likes Black, I like Purple, they go well together. I fade them from one to the other on the tank and other parts that were painted.

I add a small skull on the tank before the tank is filled in fully. we're both metal heads, so that is fitting too, or at least I think so.

It's starting to get dark, the law office is about to close. I take my evidence in and wait around, hoping for some free advice or at least a sympathy appointment for tomorrow.

I see Jerry Scruggs. I didn't know he was back in town. He graduated when I was in junior high, going off to college somewhere. We saw each other a few times since I helped his little brother with his game, mostly pitching.

"Hey, Scruggy!" I call out the old nickname. 

He turns and smiles. "Dina! How are you?" 

"Oh, I'm okay. Things are coming together." I don't want to keep him. "So what are you doing here? Filing a harassment report because you're so handsome?" The girls had always went after him even though he was a brainiac. 

"Actually I work here. I graduated and my uncle put in a good word for me." 

"Cool!" I'm happy for him. "Doing what?" 

"Practicing law, well, I'm no big time guy yet, but I've been handling some small claims stuff and defended some drunk as a public defender over some..." 

"Please don't say fence and domestic abuse." I cringe.

"No, that case we won't touch. There is no way to win it. Oh I hear the guy is getting out today. I feel bad for his wife." 

"His daughter..." I say on reflex and Jerry looks at me like I'm a fish in an aquarium a moment. "That's my dad." 

His eyes get sympathetic. "Oh I'm sorry. Must be hard having had him locked up?" 

"My girlfriend is the one that called the cops. It was her fence and... he isn't a good dad to me." 

"Oh." He says.

It's awkward now. The second time today. 

"So what do you have there?" He points to the folder in my hand. 

Admittedly it is not professional looking, all purple with a glittery unicorn on the cover. The only thing is that it is stuffed full and I have everything in order. I hope.

"I would like to file a case against my step mom and my dad. Karen and Bob." Obviously, the way I quickly used their first names shows that I am still not used to calling them by those in public.

"Well let me take a look." He holds out his hand and I give it to him.

We head to Jens and go over everything. He keeps informing me that he hasn't been at it long but he thinks I have a good case. Especially when he views the video on the USB drive. I leave the paper work and evidence with him and head home feeling much better.

I approach my house and stop across the street. A vacant lot behind me. No street lights above. The Cinders' residence is the next house at the end of the street. 

I only take in the view because I don't want to see Bob and Karen through the curtains. I really wish they had closed those. 

I try to remember the story about why the street went further than the houses. Tuyet said that there were several rumors. 

A fire that removed several incomplete houses, which burnt through the budget. 

They encountered a burial ground, and paranormal stuff started happening. 

The mob that owned the company cashed out, or got busted, something along those lines. 

Those were fun ones. 

There was also the possibility that they were to be expanding the base and the idea was dropped so the homes were sold to regain the money.

I glance over and see Karen's top coming off. 

I didn't need to see that. So, I hope Mrs. Cinders doesn't mind a last minute house guest.

I'm just about to knock when the door opens. "Come in, hon." Mrs. Cinders holds the door open and welcomes me in with gracious hospitality. "Wash up for dinner." She sounds so motherly and I can't help but feel happy for Tuyet.

I spy my girl sitting at the dinner table already. There is also a third place set out. "Were you expecting someone? I don't want to intrude." 

"We saw that man return home and agreed we would save you a place." Mrs. Cinders informs me. 
