 I'm going to the seaside. You probably wonder why I, a forty-five year old widow, find this so exciting, but I haven't been for years, not since my husband died ten years ago. I don't know why, just never did. We never had children, who would no doubt have taken me there, so I suppose that's at least part of the reason.

My name is Lydia. As I've already mentioned, I'm forty-five, blonde, with a bit of help from a bottle, considered pleasing to look at and a widow for ten years now. I live on my own in a condo in the middle of the city and apart from still missing John desperately am relatively satisfied with life. Quite a few men have made advances to me over the the last ten years but I haven't been able to bring myself to even go on a date. My friends think I'm strange! They may be right!

So today I'm going to the seaside. On the train, yet, which is something else I haven't done in years. I'm so excited when I climb onto the train and find my reserved window seat for the two hour journey that I'm almost wetting myself. I get comfortable, settle back and from my purse take a book, something I'm never without.

My reading is interrupted by the arrival of my seat mate and I look up. It's a young woman, early twenties I would imagine, with shoulder length black hair and a gorgeous figure, absolutely devastating. We smile at each other then settle back into our seats. I continue reading, she takes out a book and begins to read as well.

Half an our into the journey she taps me on the arm and says "I hope I'm not intruding but would you like a candy?" holding out a packet of fruit gums.

"Why thank you." I reply, taking a gum from the packet. We introduce ourselves and I learn that she's Elizabeth, Liz, twenty-one years old and is going to the seaside for pretty much the same reason that I am - no reason at all apart from just wanting to go! She's just separated from her boyfriend of two years but I don't quite understand the reason why.

By the time we get there, we're chatting as if we'd known each other for ever and find that we have so much in common that, as we have no plans to the contrary, we decide to spend the day together.

We leave the train and walk to the sea front. The day's beautiful and we're both wearing comfortable shoes so walking is a pleasure, and we're soon oohing and ahing at all the things that a little seaside town has to offer and that we haven't seen in a long while.

Lunchtime approaches and we find a lovely little fish restaurant on the seafront where we fill ourselves to bursting, myself with fish and chips, my favorite, Liz with an enormous dish of shrimps and scallops. Two glasses of wine help everything down very nicely and prepare us for the rest of the afternoon.

We're so full that we decide to find somewhere comfortable to sit and there, on the beach, are a couple of beach chairs just waiting for our bums. We sit, and before we know it doze off, waking to find that the sea is now lapping at our feet and we've missed the last train back to the city! What a pain!

As we're totally stranded and as evening is approaching rapidly we've little choice but to find a room for the night so we wander along the seafront until we find a cute little hotel that attracts us. We enter and guess what, they only have one room left, a double room with a queen size bed. We look at each other questioningly and as neither of us seems to have a major problem with the arrangement, take it.

We have absolutely no luggage, of course so our first trip is to the nearest drugstore for toothbrushes and toothpaste. We also find a clothing store where we each buy a pair of panties. Obviously we like clean. As we're still tired we have an early supper so that we don't have to come out again. More food, more wine.

The room is very pleasant, with a private bathroom. The bed is extremely comfortable and we both test it out, bouncing up and down, giggling like schoolgirls.

I don't embarrass easily, but I'm getting a little nervous at the thought of sharing a bed with another woman. Liz is in the bathroom so I take off my blouse and skirt and slide between the cool sheets. I keep my underwear on and hope Liz does too.

She doesn't! I try not to watch her undress, but my curiosity gets the better of me and through half open eyes I watch her remove her blouse, peel off her slacks and put them neatly on a chair. She reaches behind her, unfastens her bra, takes it off and places it on top of her slacks and blouse. Her breasts are medium size, firm and high with broad, pink areolas and long, pointed nipples, hard in the cool air. I'm attracted, though I don't understand why. She slowly slides her panties down over her hips and places them on top of her other clothes. As she walks to the bed I see that she is totally shaved, the top of the slit between her distended lips clearly visible. 

She slides into bed, turns the light out and stretches.

"You were watching, weren't you?" she whispers, chuckling, turning towards me and I feel myself blush, not just my face, but my whole chest. I'm amazed that the room isn't bathed in a red glow.

"Yes" I whisper. "I'm so sorry, I really shouldn't have."

"Why not?" she asks "I'm not that hard to look at, am I?"

"Of course not, you're beautiful, but you're the first girl I've seen naked since the school showers and that was a very long time ago."

"Not that long, Lydia. I know it's a very rude question but how old are you?"

"Forty-five." I reply

"Lydia, no, I don't believe it! I'd have said mid-thirties at most! And I'm totally serious!"

"Thank you Liz, that's very, very kind of you, but you haven't seen where gravity is slowly taking over. Not completely gone yet, but getting there."

"I still don't believe it. You obviously don't think so but you're beautiful, Lydia. Darn, I wish I'd watched you undress, but you were too quick for me."

"Hah, you didn't miss anything! I still have my bra and panties on, was too shy to take them off. Don't tell me you haven't noticed me blushing, flashing in the dark."

"Aw honey, you don't need to be shy with me. I'd love to see you naked, I bet you look wonderful." She reaches out and gently touches me on a bra-covered breast which makes me practically leap out of bed.

"I'm sorry, Lydia, I'm so sorry, please forgive me!" she cries, jumping up, obviously distraught at my reaction.

I reach over, take her in my arms and we hug each other. "It's alright, Liz," I whisper. "I didn't mean to react as I did, but you did make me jump. It's been a long time since anyone touched my breast."

"My fault" whispers Liz back, anxiously. "I really shouldn't have. Forgive me?"

"Of course, Liz, of course, I'm such a silly!" I say, hugging her tightly. She feels so soft, so good.

Liz looks at me "So how long ago is it since someone touched your breasts, if that isn't too personal a question?"

"More than ten years, more like twelve. The last one would be my late husband, John and he was so sick for the last two years of our marriage."

"Oh you poor dear," exclaimed Liz "how on earth have you managed without sex for that long? You must be ready to explode! Do you masturbate?"

"I do, a lot, but it's not the same, is it!"

"No it's not! I'm so sorry, Lydia. Come here and have a hug." and with that Liz holds me tight, covering my neck and shoulders with soft kisses.

I begin to cry, to sob, and Liz holds me tighter, continuing to softly kiss me. It feels so good, she feels so good, tears flow down my face. I bury my face in the softness of her neck, my nose in her beautiful, clean-smelling hair. God this feels good. Why am I enjoying this so much?

I raise my head and Liz lowers her soft lips to mine. She's kissing me, on my lips, which I part, her tongue snaking into my mouth to meet my tongue, which pushes back against it. I can't help myself, I suck her tongue further into my mouth, nibble gently on it

Liz reaches round behind me and unfastens my bra. I feel the tightness slacken on my back and my breasts and as I pull back a little I feel them fall out of their cups, my nipples scraping the cups and pressing into the softness of her breasts. I moan and feel my juices begin to flow. What am I doing? Why does this feel so wonderful?

I move back further, untangling from Liz and take my bra off completely, tossing it onto the floor. She stares at my breasts in the light coming through the window and cups them, one in each hand. "Lydia, they're so big, so beautiful and so very, very heavy. Whatever gravity's done hasn't hurt them one little bit." She closes her lips over a big, hard, pointed nipple, sucks it, making me whimper, a slow fire beginning to burn in the pit of my stomach.

Liz stops, looks at me and asks "Lydia, am I doing any thing that you don't feel comfortable with? Please tell me because I plan on doing much more to you, make beautiful love to you, take you over the top and down the other side. Do you want me to stop? Please say no, honey."

"I couldn't stop you now if I wanted to, Liz. I feel as if I'm waking up to something I've never experienced before, and I'm loving it."

Liz throws the bedclothes back, pushes me back, reaches down and begins to pull off my now soaking panties. I raise my hips and bottom from the bed, she slides them off and puts them into her mouth, sucking the juices from the dripping crotch, her eyes on mine the whole time, as if to dare me.

She throws them to the floor and lowers herself onto my body, her mouth closing over mine which I open, sucking her tongue and my juices. I'm amazed at the rawness of this sex, something I've never experienced before, never dreamed of, but I'm ecstatic, loving it, wanting more.

Liz kisses me deeply, trails her mouth and tongue over my jaw, my neck to my breast, sucking in a hard nipple, caressing it with her insistent tongue then down, over my belly button, down to my hair, sucking the juices from it, slipping her tongue into the deep slit between my slick, distended lips, finding my clit, sucking it, licking it until my back arches and I shudder and shake. I scream at the sensations radiating from my clitoris then her tongue slides down, further, licking the feathery inner lips to the deep, dark wet hole, tongue inserting, rotating, sensations I have never, ever felt before, Liz is a maestro, back to my clit, sucking it again into her soft, wet mouth, tongue flicking faster and faster until I explode in a massive orgasm, cum spurting into Liz's face, my arms flailing, my screams echoing around the room. I'm destroyed! I love it!

We close our arms around each other. I'm shaking, trembling, sobbing but Liz is holding me so tight, whispering endearments into my ear, kissing me until I calm down, relax, flop, lie there boneless, my mind working overtime, what did I just do, what the hell did I just do?

I don't care, I loved it, really loved it, really, really loved it and I'm going to do it again and again and again.

I reach up, take Liz's wet face in my hands, look into her eyes and say "Thank you, Liz, thank you so very, very much. I've just experienced something I never even knew existed and I'll never be able to thank you enough."

We're both crying, so happy. "Well", I sob, "I never expected this when I left home this morning! I guess traveling really is dangerous!" the sob turning into a giggle. "But such sweet danger. Now, can I try doing it to you? Seems only fair, after all." 

"I'd love that" whispers Liz and I feel her spreading her legs in preparation. I reach down, fascinated at the feel of a totally shaved mound, smooth, wet, slick and slip a finger into the slit until I find her clitoris and she draws in a breath.

"Oh yes, you're doing fine so far" she whispers in my ear, "don't stop now."

I try to remember everything that Liz did, beginning by sucking a nipple into my mouth, caressing it with my tongue, hearing her whimper, begin to squirm under me. My finger is still in her slit, drawing little circles around her clitoris.

Her nipple tastes so good as I suck it deep, feels so hard as I caress it with my tongue. I love feeling her squirm under me, sending me the signal that I am doing it right. I want this to be so good for her, I want to hear her scream for me.

As much as I am enjoying her nipple I want her, dare I say it, her cunt, there I said it, more, much more so I move down until I am lying between her spread legs, my arms under her raised thighs and I am looking at it, smelling it, savoring it, the first cunt I have ever seen in my life. I fall deeply in love with it immediately, the softness, the pinkness, the feathery little wings inside the distended outer wings, the fine folds of flesh surrounding the hole, the clitoris extending from under its hood at the top of the slit and everything wet, so wet. Do I dare poke my tongue out, into that wetness, feel how soft the flesh really is, taste it, suck it, fill my mouth with it? Of course I do, of course I will, of course I am, plunging my mouth and nose into its depths, sucking its juices, inserting my tongue as far as it will go, oh how I'm loving this, I can't breathe, my mouth and nose are full of Liz's juice but who the hell cares.

Now I want her clit, the clit I've been fingering for the last five minutes, I want that hard, wet, little knob in my mouth where I can caress it with my tongue so I can make Liz explode in orgasm, spray my face with her cum as I did to her, She's so close, I can feel it, she's shuddering, shaking, my arms under her thighs have reached her breasts and I'm rolling her hard nipples and that does it! Blastoff! A gush of liquid strikes me in the face as she screams loudly, arcs her back and shakes and quivers as if possessed. I climb quickly up her body, take her in my arms and hold her tightly until she stops shaking. She's crying and I hold her so tenderly as she comes down from her high, comforting her, kissing her.

After a few minutes she gasps "Well you're a quick study aren't you! That was the best fuck I've ever had and I think the reason it was so good was that you were really, really enjoying it."

I look into her eyes and whisper "I was, oh I was, there's absolutely no doubt about that. You've created a monster!"

We lie there looking at each other until we slowly drift off into a deep and dreamless sleep, happiness on our messy faces, to wake after the best sleep we have had in a long time but with bladders on the point of exploding.

I leap out of bed, dash into the bathroom and sit on the toilet, feeling great relief as I spill a long, yellow stream of pee. I wipe myself, wash my hands and Liz hurries in to go through exactly the same procedure.

We shower together, washing each other then drying each other with great enjoyment before dressing, not forgetting our new panties, checking out and looking for a restaurant for breakfast. This proves to be a simple chore and we're soon sitting down to heaping plates of bacon, eggs and sausage with mugs of steaming coffee, diets be damned. The next train doesn't leave for two hours so when we finish eating we hold hands and talk about what has happened.

"Liz, I have so much to thank you for, you've opened up a whole new world for me and now I've discovered it I'm not going back to the boring life I had before I met you. You're a beautiful, wonderful girl and I want dearly to be your friend, even your lover but you must never forget that I'm more than twice your age. I want to see more and more of you but I'll completely understand if you want to treat this episode as ships that pass in the night. I'll be terribly disappointed, but I'll understand." As I say this I have tears in my eyes, something I didn't want to happen but I just can't help it.

I look up to see that Liz is crying as well. She holds my hands very tightly and says, in a low voice, "You're not going to get rid of me as easily as that Lydia. I'm so glad I've met you and I too want to be your friend and spend time with you, so please don't bring up age. If it ever does become a problem, we'll face it as friends and lovers do. In the meantime I want to hug you and kiss you, so let's pay and get the hell out of here"

We do just that and as soon as we get outside we fall into each other's arms and kiss deeply. I'm more relieved than I let on. It would be no fun at all to lose such a wonderful new friend and lover so soon after meeting.

We get to the train in plenty of time, find our carriage and stay cuddled up together in our seats all the way to the city where we climb out at the end of what was a most wonderful and memorable day at the seaside. As it's a Sunday morning I invite Liz to come home with me so that we can spend the rest of the day together, in bed, practicing what we enjoyed last night. We do, but that's for another story.