 Based on a true story for the woman who I mistakenly thought was "The One". Hopefully I'll find the real "One" someday, then this story can be Hers.



We met online and we met up for a coffee in her lunch break once before we had our first date.

The Saturday that we went on our date, I remember seeing her at the train station, smiling as she saw me. She was absolutely gorgeous. 

"Hi! How are you?" She asked amicably as I leaned forward to give her a kiss on the cheek. She moved so that my lips met hers and when I moved back we both looked away, blushing furiously. She reached out and took my hand as we walked down the steps to the seafront. 

We sat and had our lunch on one of the benches near the pier, while her leg somehow became entwined in mine under the tabletop. I looked at her and smiled and she smiled back. We bumped into a few of her friends who were lovely, and chatted to them awhile before we left to walk back along the beach. We walked along the seafront again and sat down on the steps, where the tide was rushing in at our feet. 

"Isn't this peaceful" I commented.

"Very..." she moved closer to me and we were staring into each other's eyes. She slowly leant in and so did I. Our lips met in a kiss and her hand found my own as we could hear the waves crashing in on the steps below us. It was so romantic. I remember thinking at the time that I couldn't think of anything more perfect. I'm sure that the length of time we were sitting there making out hundreds of people must have walked by, but I didn't care. We kissed for what seemed like an eternity, yet it still wasn't long enough. Her lips were so incredibly soft. When we finally broke apart we stared into each other's eyes, unaware of anything apart from each other and the sound of the sea. 

"Let's go and get some ice cream" she suggested, taking my hand in hers as we got up, brushing the sand off of our clothes. 

We walked along to the ice cream parlour and sat inside eating and feeding each other ice cream, her legs slowly entwining themselves between mine. I jumped when I felt her hand under the table moving up my leg, very slowly but nonetheless deliberate. I looked at her and she smiled at me, that catlike grin that made me feel as if my stomach was doing flip-flops. She was so beautiful and she didn't even realise it. Have you ever met someone that is breathtaking and doesn't realise that she's the prettiest woman in the room? That's what she was like when I knew her, constantly.

"How about we pop back to my place? I need to feed the cats" she asked, rummaging through her bag.

"Okay then."

She took my hand once more and we wandered up the steps moving off of the seafront to the houses above. She led me down a couple of roads before we reached her house. We came to a very modest looking building. 

"This is where I live" she pointed towards the window. 

We went inside and were greeted by two of the most adorable felines meowing at their mistress's feet.

"I'll just go and feed them then I'll be right back" she told me, motioning for me to sit on the sofa.

When she came back we sat and talked for ages. Then we had some dinner and after that she gave me a tour of the house, culminating in her bedroom. We sat on her bed and I looked down at my watch, realising that hours had gone by. 

"I had better be getting home" I told her. She had probably had enough of me by now and I should get home before it got any later.

"Do you really want to go?" She asked me quietly.

I felt her soft hand moving to touch my own.

I leant in and kissed her. We kissed slowly, I moved closer to her and her hand moved to the back of my head, running through my hair making me shiver. She smelled wonderful. Her lips were so soft and inviting. I just wanted to touch her. My hands moved to either side of her face as I kissed her deeply, concentrating on her. Her hand stroked the back of my neck lightly and I shuddered, a tingle moving down my spine. I kissed across her cheek to her ears, nibbling on them gently. She let out a soft moan, her hands moving down my body as I kissed down her neck deliberately. She leaned over me and I leant back as far as I could without moving my hands from her waist until she had me lying down on the bed. 

She smiled at me, moving in to kiss me again. I kept stroking along her waist, marvelling at how it went in so perfectly and out again in all the right places. She began to kiss my neck, which I find is such an unbearable turn on for me. My hands moved up to her bra line, the tips of my fingers grazing the skin just below the underwired material. Her breath was hot on my skin, her hand pulling my top up. She pulled it off and reached round me to unhook my bra as I clung onto her, kissing her shoulder. I gasped inwardly as I felt her hand touch my breast for the first time. It seemed like an agonizing amount of time before I felt her stroke across my nipple, but when she did I jumped a little. 

Her hand was behind me supporting my head as she continued to kiss me, her other hand playing with my breast lightly as she spread my legs further with her own, her knee pressing into me slightly making me moan more insistently. God she was beautiful. I laid my head back further as she moved both hands to my breasts, cupping them in her palms. She stroked my nipples with her thumbs as she kissed me. I felt her tongue glide into my mouth a little, just a tiny bit as she continued her ministrations on my breasts. She began to kiss downwards, nibbling my neck, extending her tongue to lick my nipples each in turn, a little gasp escaping my lips as she put her mouth over one and began to suck. She drew my nipple out further in her mouth as I thrust my hips up at her slightly, grinding against her thigh slowly. I began to pull her top up and she moved away briefly so that I could pull it off over her head. 

"I think that you have too many clothes on" she whispered, a faint smile spreading across her lips. 

"So do you" I told her, staring at her intently. 

She leant forward to let me unhook her bra, my fingers finding the clasp as I kissed her shoulder before she stood up to take off her jeans. I sat up and undid her belt, looking up at her as I did so, unzipping them and pulling them down. I kissed across her stomach, my hands pulling her closer to me. She pushed me back gently, kneeling before me to unzip my trousers. I lifted my hips and let her take them down, she pulled them off and kissed my knees. Her hands moved up my calves...up my thighs until she hooked her thumbs underneath my underwear and began to pull them down. 

I leant up on my elbows to look at her, her eyes now trained on my exposed sex.

"Come here" I said in a quiet voice, reaching my hands out to hers. She took my hands and I pulled her up against me, feeling her thigh move between my legs once more. 

"You're gorgeous" she whispered as she leant down to kiss me, her hand slowly creeping down my stomach. 

"Make love to me" I whispered. I felt her hand reach down to cup my pussy and I moaned as I felt her fingers brush against me, like static electricity flowing between us. I heard her gasp as she felt how wet I was, slipping inside me easily up to the hilt, first one finger, then two. She slowly began to move in and out of me, thrusting inside me, building up a rhythm as my hips moved to meet her thrusts. She kissed down my neck, her other hand caressing the small of my back holding me securely. I felt so safe in her arms. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and held her close, moaning as I felt her inside me, her fingers curling up to hit my g spot delicately. She continued to stroke me there as I kissed her hard, needing release, needing to feel her. The way she moved above me turned me on. Every time she pressed herself against me her nipples brushed over mine seductively, causing me to push my hips further into her, my hands moving lower to cup her ass and press her against me hard. 

She started to talk to me while she was fucking me, asking me if I liked her doing that to me. 

"Do you like me fucking you like this? Feeling me deep inside you? You are gorgeous. Your pussy is beautiful. You were so wet I could just slide straight inside you, god that felt good. I'm really wet for you now, my pussy is aching. I saw the way you were looking at me earlier, that really turned me on" she whispered as I moaned, writhing underneath her.

"...Fuck...me" I managed to tell her.

"Hmm?"

"...I'm really attracted to you" I confessed, squeezing her fingers encouragingly. 

"I'd really like to feel you come all over my hand. Do you think you could do that for me?"

I looked at her and nodded.

"Good girl." She leant down and began to play with my nipples again while she moved inside of me, rubbing up against my front wall. I felt so aroused I wanted to explode. Did she realise what she was doing to me? I really wanted to come, and if she kept that up then it wouldn't be very long before I did. She began to thrust inside me faster, really pressing up against my g spot as she sucked on my nipples applying firm pressure to them as I continued to moan. I felt my orgasm building up as I bore down on her hand pressing myself against her hand as far as I possibly could. I heard her moan her appreciation and I held onto her, gripping her shoulders as I felt myself contracting around her fingers. I cried out as I came, holding her tightly, feeling her bite my neck softly, kissing me, holding me. I felt my wetness coating her hand underneath me, she was murmuring to me, telling me what a good girl I was. 

We stayed like that for some time, her fingers curling up inside of me, resting her head into my neck.

She slowly withdrew from between my legs as I began to kiss her again, moving her hand up to push the tip of her index finger into my mouth for me to taste, before tasting me herself. 

"Mmm."

I rolled on top of her and kissed her heatedly, my hands moving up her back, kissing down her neck, pausing to nibble on her ears as I did so. I could hear her breathing, ragged, and deep. I kissed all over her breasts, my tongue licking over her nipples, making them hard as diamonds, showering my affection on them. By the time I began to suck on her hardened buds she was writhing beneath me, pushing her hips up at me. I realised that the minx still had her underwear on. I brought my hand to the front of her knickers and found them damp. Beautiful. 

I wanted to taste her so much. I tortured her nipples a little longer while these wonderful little sounds escaped her throat, her hands running down my back. I kissed down her stomach, feeling her shudder and knelt down between her legs, planting a firm kiss on the front of her underwear. I could smell her, which excited me to no end. I slowly pulled her underwear down, exposing her gorgeous pussy. I smiled at her and spread her legs wider, moving down so that my upper arms slipped underneath her open thighs so that my face was close to her. My fingers parted her slightly further and I could see and feel how beautifully wet she was. I could wait no longer. I moved closer and began to lick her. God she tasted absolutely wonderful. I licked all over her labia, touching her everywhere before burying my face into her. I extended my tongue as far as I possibly could inside her, enjoying her as she squirmed above me. 

I moved out slightly and continued my journey upwards until my tongue found her clit. I felt her jump a little as I put my mouth over it and sucked on it gently, teasing it out as much as I could from underneath its little hood. I flicked my tongue over her hardened bud over and over, repeatedly licking her clit, moving one hand between her legs and pushing the tip of my index finger into her slightly. She made all these little cries and mewls that really turned me on as she buried her hands in my hair. I pushed my finger into her slowly, giving her just enough to tease her, denying her what I really wanted to give her, sliding in and out easily through her wet slit, still stroking her clit with my tongue. She was so incredibly wet. I knew that I was soaked too. I could have spent the entire night between her legs. 

She was breathing heavily now, pushing her hips up further, I could feel her trembling slightly. I stroked my tongue over her pussy once more, licking over her clit repeatedly as I slid in and out of her. She began to moan louder as I continued, her hips bucking, coming underneath me, I could feel her around my finger as I continued to lick her, feeling her shudder, gripping me firmly and holding me close to her with her hands. When I could feel her relaxing slightly I slid my finger out and thrust my tongue inside her once more, tasting her. 

She touched my face. 

"...Honey..."

I moved upwards and held her, tightly. She was so warm and I could still feel her trembling, her heart quaking like a rabbit's. 

"...Can I touch you? I asked her gently.

"Yes" she replied, smiling up at me.

My hand moved back down to her pussy, so hot and wet underneath my palm. 

"You drive me crazy" I whispered to her as my fingers began to part her slippery entrance. "You are so wet; I just want to eat you up."

"I think you did a good job" she whispered, grinning.

"Unfortunately I think I'll have to do it again soon just to make sure."

She looked up at me, solemnly. I could almost see a flicker of pain in her eyes. 

"Please, touch me" she whispered, holding onto me tight, her eyes searching mine.

I felt that this beautiful woman had been hurt in the past. I could tell, it was in her eyes. I wanted to show her that I wouldn't hurt her. I wasn't just going to get up and go. I wanted to stay with her.

I looked into her eyes as I slid a finger inside her, then another, moving slowly. 

"How's that?"

"Perfect."

"God, you're beautiful" I told her. I began to kiss her once more, thrusting inside her gently. She gasped as I curled my fingers up a little bit to hit her g spot, stroking her front wall firmly, kissing her neck. She felt so perfect inside and out, I could hear her breathing softly, hot against my neck. It sent shivers through me like no one had before. She was so warm and inviting. I kissed all over her face and ears, talking to her, telling her how beautiful she was and how aroused she had made me as she moaned into my neck, her hands gripping me, holding on tight. I felt her tensing up a little around my fingers and thrust into her faster more persistently. I was rewarded with a cry as she contracted around my fingers, biting my neck as she did so. 

"Mmm" I murmured into her ear, moving one foot up to rest on the bed next to her waist, my other leg between her thighs. I pressed myself against her, feeling our wetness collide, my pussy stroking hers, rubbing up against her insistently as she let out a little cry again and held on, grinding her hips into mine. She held my face in her hands and kissed me with such intensity I thought I was going to pass out. I could feel her pushing her hips down to meet mine, her hands moving to my hips to pull me closer into her. We ground ourselves against each other until I could feel that we were both trembling, coming together in ecstasy, her body quaking beneath me.

She was still trembling as I wrapped my arms around her, pulling the covers up around us and resting my head on the pillow next to her, my hand holding hers as we drifted off into sleep.