 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sexual situations.

Authors note: - This is a follow on to the previous chapters of Becca XXX The Eden Project. Please read them before reading this or you will not understand the plot or characters.

*****

It had been an eventful week on my new assignment and having been fucked over the desk by my prime suspect, I decided to do some research into his outreach charity group. Father Tobias had told me it was called 'The Eden Project' so I decided to google it as a starting point.

My initial search came up with a place in Cornwall which was a research centre for plants and bio diversity and was a major tourist attraction for botanists as well as the general public. That was nothing to do with what I was looking for so I scrolled further down. 

I eventually found a single page website describing a refuge for runaways and homeless youngsters. It was a registered charity owned by Father Tobias and another major contributor to the charity, Doctor Elijah Freeman. The web site described how the runaways were welcome in the sight of God and could stay there as long as they contributed to the local community. It was nothing special to look at and was pretty self-explanatory so I decided to search for Doctor Elijah Freeman instead.

The search came back with a highly renowned doctor working in the private sector. He was extremely wealthy and gave generously to many charities including the Eden Project. In fact, he was the co-founder of the outreach group, formed only three years ago. 

I had already asked Lexa to check out Father Tobias to see if anything was untoward and she hadn't got back to me so I thought I'd give her a call and get her to check this guy out as well. 

She picked up in the third ring as always.

"Lexa? It's me Becca," I said.

"Hi babe. How's things going? Are you ok?"

"I'm fine. I'm making some progress, I think. Sorry to skip the small talk, but have you found anything out about Father Peter Tobias?" I asked.

"Nothing out of the ordinary. He's an upstanding citizen and a pillar of the community down there. He has no criminal record and has been involved in the church most of his life. If he's your prime suspect I think you might be barking up the wrong tree," she said.

"He's not all he seems Lexa, I can assure you," I replied. "I had a run in with him yesterday."

"Really? Are you ok? What sort of run in?" she asked, sounding concerned.

"Nothing I couldn't handle, but if he's such an upstanding pillar of the community why did he practically rape me in his church office and then tell me he thought incest was acceptable?"

"Holy fuck. He did that?" she gasped.

"Too right he did. I had a feeling his outreach group had something to do with Hannah's death so I wanted to find a way in, to gather more information. I think I may have won his trust as he wants to talk to me again tomorrow after the church fete and would like me to help out with his charity work at the Eden Project," I said.

"The Eden Project? Isn't that something to do with plants down in Cornwall?"

"It is, but it's also the name of his charity," I laughed.

"How did you win his trust?"

"I went to see him in confidence, making out that I was troubled by my seedy past. I told him I didn't think I was giving sound advice to my patients."

"And what happened?"

"I told him I'd prostituted myself to pay for college fees and that I wasn't ashamed of it. In fact, I told him I was proud. I wanted to get him riled up, but he didn't bat an eye," I said.

"Maybe the church is more lenient about sex than you think. Wasn't Jesus' wife a prostitute or something?" she asked.

"I've no idea, but he has some strange beliefs."

"Like what?"

"Well for starters I told him I had encouraged incest between a brother and sister at my sex therapy session and he didn't seem bothered in the slightest," I said.

"Did you really encourage them, or did you make it up?" she quizzed.

"No. I did encourage them without actually saying the words. It's a long story, but that's not the point. This guy believes incest is not an issue. He thinks we all came from Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden and that we are all sisters and brothers. That's making me wonder what the fuck goes on at his outreach group," I said.

"I see where you're coming from. It is a little creepy."

"He asked me if I wanted punishing for what I'd done and I said yes, to see how far I could push him."

"And then he raped you?"

"Not exactly. It was weird. He made me bend over the desk and spanked me until I begged him to stop. Then he slid his cock in me and made me cum before unloading inside me," I said, in a matter of fact tone. 

"The dirty fucker. Did you try and stop him?"

"No," I giggled.

"Did you encourage him?"

"Maybe a little, but I never said he could fuck me and I certainly never said he could cum in me. I never said no, but I never said yes either."

"And then what happened?"

"We had a chat and he said I would be suited to helping his charity. Then I left."

"Hmmmm I always thought vicars were perverts and he certainly sounds like one. He's abusing his position within the church if nothing else," she pondered. 

"Well if he's up to anything I'll find out."

"I know you will, but be careful."

She was about to sign off when she came back at me with a question.

"You said he came inside you?" she asked. 

"Yes. Why?"

"Have you got a sperm sample anywhere? It must have leaked out of you when you put your panties back on."

I knew where she was going with this. 

"My knickers were pretty creamy when I took them off," I laughed. 

"Can you seal them in a zip lock bag and send them to me. I'll get them tested to see if they match the DNA found on Hannah's body," she said excitably. 

"That's a great idea. I have two other samples too if you want to test them," I added. 

"Really? Have you been a little slut again Becca? No wonder you needed punishing," she laughed. "Whose are they?"

"Ones from a guy called Mr Smith and the others from a young guy called Spencer Teal." 

"Dare I ask how you got them? You've only been there a week!"

I giggled down the phone. 

"I watched Mr Smith fuck his wife and give her, her first ever creampie. It leaked out all over the sheets and I still have them. I don't think he's involved, but it won't hurt to test him."

"And the other one?"

"Spencer Teal has an infatuation with his sister and he'd been taking her dirty knickers to sniff. I may have encouraged him to cum in a pair while I watched him. I have the evidence on his sisters' panties," I laughed, realising how ridiculous it sounded. 

"Fucking hell Becca you have been a busy little bitch, haven't you?" she said sternly.

I knew she was only messing with me and hearing her call me names made me tingle all over. 

"You told me to get myself noticed!" I said. 

"True. It sounds like you're on the right track. Maybe the outreach group is involved. Keep going with it and see where it leads but don't take any chances."

"I won't, but there's one more thing," I said. 

"Sure. What is it?"

"Can you do a background check on a Doctor Elijah Freeman for me, he's heavily involved in the Eden project as a contributor to the charity. He's the co founder apparently."

"Sure, no problem," she said. 

"Thanks. Keep me updated as soon as you have anything. I love you babe."

"I love you more!" she hung up the phone. 

****

I arrived at work and said good morning to Lottie. She seemed a little despondent and not her usual jolly self. 

"Is everything ok Lottie?" I asked. 

She burst into tears behind the receptionist's desk. 

I quickly moved around the other side and took her hand. I ushered her into my treatment room and sat her down before anyone saw her crying. It was still early and the clinic didn't open for another half an hour. 

"Lottie sweetie what's wrong? Are you ok?" I asked, gently rubbing her back to comfort her. 

She snivelled and sobbed trying to get her words out. I handed her some tissues and she wiped her eyes. 

"My boyfriends been cheating on me," she wept. 

"Oh, baby I'm so sorry to hear that."

I hugged her and she cried uncontrollably on my shoulder. I felt her tears soaking into my blouse. 

"Shhh shhh Lottie. It's ok tell me all about it. I'm a great listener and it's always better to talk about it. I'm here to help," I cooed, like I was soothing a child. 

She composed herself and broke our embrace. She looked up at me with big, sad, puffy eyes.

"I caught him with her last night," she snivelled. 

"I'm so sorry Lottie. You deserve better. What happened?"

"I went around to his place to surprise him, but there was a strange car parked on his driveway. I parked on the road and snuck up to the front window," she sniffed, wiping her nose on the tissues. 

Somehow, she looked so sexy when she was vulnerable. 

"I peaked through the window and saw her with him."

"Maybe she was a friend. It doesn't mean he's cheated on you necessarily."

"It fucking does when she was riding his cock," she snapped. 

"Oh right. Ok," I didn't really know what to say. 

"She was a right slapper too. Her big fat ass and droopy tits were bouncing up and down and do you know what doctor? She hadn't even got undressed properly. She had her top off and she'd just hitched her skirt up and pulled her panties to the side and then sat on his cock," she sobbed. "He'd just pulled his jeans and shorts down and she did all the work, rubbing her saggy tits in his face. Fucking slag!"

She sounded like a bit of a slut. I knew how she felt, I loved being fucked with my knickers pulled to the side, it always felt so dirty. 

"You deserve better than him Lottie," I said. 

"He's a fucking cheating bastard!" she snapped. 

"Yes, he is. Did you confront them?" I asked. 

"I banged on the window and stuck my middle finger up at him. She shuffled her fat ass off of him in embarrassment, but it was too late for him, he was already cumming."

I couldn't help but laugh. It must have been quite a sight. Lottie looked at me for a second and then laughed along with me. 

"Fucking dirty cunt!" she laughed. "He finished up trying to catch his mess in his hands as I walked off and left them to it. Serves the fucker right."

"So, what are you going to do now? You shouldn't be weeping over him Lottie. He doesn't deserve your tears."

She was calming down a bit and gave me a little smile. 

"I know. It's just I thought he was different, you know. I really liked him," she finished drying her eyes. 

"Fuck him. I tell you what Lottie, why don't you and me go out and have a girl's night tonight. It'll cheer you up and I need a friend as I'm new to the village."

"I think I'm just going to stay in," she sighed, feeling sorry for herself. 

"Don't give him the satisfaction. Besides you'll be leaving me all alone in the pub if you don't come out," I touched her knee. 

She thought for a moment and then smiled her cutest smile at me. 

"You're so nice to me. Okay we'll have a girl's night out. It is Friday after all," she replied. 

"Great. Now... you go and get cleaned up in the mirror, we can't have our pretty little receptionist looking a mess, now can we?" I giggled. 

She moved over to the mirror and splashed some cold water on her face. She didn't wear a lot of make up, she didn't need to. The cold water helped to reduce her puffy reddened eyes from crying. 

It was the first time I got to have a good look at her ass. Normally she was sitting down at her desk and I couldn't see it. She was petite all over and her ass was no exception. It looked like a round peach and the fabric of her tight trousers only accentuated her figure. Her legs looked slender and were in proportion with the rest of her. I thought she was stunning and I couldn't see why her boyfriend would cheat on her, except for the fact that he must have been an asshole. 

She finished composing herself and came over to give me a hug. 

"We'll have a great night Lottie. Things will get better I promise."

"Yeah... it'll be fun," she didn't sound convinced, but at least she was making the effort. 

She wandered back to reception with her head down. Maybe it was her first boyfriend or maybe she hadn't been hurt like that before. I felt really sorry for her, but there were plenty of nice guys out there once she had gotten over him. 

I felt like a bit of an outcast when it came to relationships. Although I loved Lexa, it wasn't the usual kind of love between two people. How could it be in the line of work we were in? I was paid to seduce and fuck in order to accomplish my assignments so we'd never be exclusive to one another. Most faithful couples meet up and never have sex with any one else again. It was yet another sign that I didn't really fit in anywhere in the normal world. 

Just to reiterate that fact, I went over to the sink and fished about in the cupboard underneath to retrieve the spunk stained sheets from Mr and Mrs Smith's session. There are not many people in the world that would be taking them home to post them off for DNA testing, but to me it felt normal. 

Friday morning at the clinic revolved around a boring meeting about the latest legislation and code of practice with patients. I pretty much kept quiet except to nod and agree to everything, to make it seem like I was remotely interested. 

My mind was on the Eden project and I went through the facts as I understood them. Runaways would be welcomed in the sight of god by a perverted vicar, funded by a wealthy doctor. Why? What was in it for them? Were they really just doing it to be nice?

A pregnant runaway was found not far from the village. If they were responsible for her death, I would have thought hey would have hidden it a little better, somewhere where no one would find her. It didn't make sense. Maybe it was all coincidental and as the meeting drew to a close, I went back to see Lottie. 

"How are you holding up?" I asked her. 

"I'm feeling a bit better. Thank you for this morning I didn't mean to burden you with my problems," she seemed a little more up beat. 

"It's fine. Helping people is what I do for a living," I replied, knowing I meant helping people in a different way to just being a sex therapist. 

"I know, but thanks anyway doctor, the first drinks are on me," she smiled. 

"I'm guessing we're going to the Bell Inn?"

"It's the only pub within walking distance. I'll meet you there about eight if that's ok?" she said. 

"Of course. Now do I have any patients this afternoon or can I go home?" I laughed. 

She tapped away on the computer and stared at the screen. 

"No patients until Monday Doctor Reynolds," she beamed at me. 

"See you tonight then." 

"Yeah. It's gonna be fun," she said. "See you tonight. 

I nipped back to my treatment room to retrieve my bag and the spunk stained bed sheets and left the clinic. 

****

I walked out in the sunshine and explored the village a little more on my way home. 

I found the post office in a little parade of shops and bought some large Jiffy bags. I went next door to the supermarket and bought some provisions along with some freezer bags which had a zip lock seal on them. 

It was a bright day and warm for the time of year so I took a slow walk back past the church, pub and war memorial. 

Apparently, the village was once a hub for soldiers during the Second World War and the memorial was in the honour of the soldiers who died fighting in it. 

The cat was still missing on the church notice board or at least the sign was still there saying it was. Maybe the cat had returned home and the owner had forgotten about the sign. The church fete sign was still up as it was going to happen tomorrow. Hopefully I'd get some more information for Father Tobias or maybe he'd fuck me again. Either one would be a bonus for me. 

I got back to my cottage and grabbed my cummy knickers from the wash hamper. They were still damp and had a sizeable white stain on the gusset. There was plenty for a DNA sample. I got a marker pen from the kitchen drawer and wrote "Father Peter Tobias" on the zip lock bag before putting the panties inside and sealing it. 

I repeated the process for Kayleigh's cum filled knickers and then cut out the stained section of bed sheet from Mr Smith and slipped them into separate labeled bags. 

I chuckled to myself as I addressed the Jiffy bag to Lexa and put the three samples inside. Maybe I could sleep with the entire village to get DNA samples, until I found the suspect. That would give the locals something to gossip about. 

I imagined sucking guys off and spitting their loads into a tissue when they weren't looking or have them cum on my tits and then taking a swab when I got home. It could be a fun way to catch a criminal for a slut like me. 

I'd given up trying to avoid the inevitable sexual urges. In this line of work, it was pointless. I decided to embrace it instead and put my concerns in a small box and lock it up and bury it deep down until the mission was over. If I was a sexually addicted slut who loved being fucked by strangers, so what. 

If the good lord himself didn't frown upon a vicar spanking a younger woman and then helping himself to her sopping vagina then who was I to say otherwise. I had to change my mind set in order to gain access to whatever the rapey fucker was into. 

I took the Jiffy bag to the post office and sent it by priority mail and then texted Lexa to tell her it was on its way. 

****

I always loved getting ready to go out. I wasn't treating it like a date, it was just a night out with a friend who needed cheering up. It was a warm evening so I decided to wear my all in one play suit. It looked like a very short, strappy summer dress but was actually shorts and a halter neck all in one. It was loose fitting to keep me cool and so I needed to wear a bra to support my heavy boobs. I opted for a red lace matching underwear set to match the red dress. I wore flat shoes so I could walk easier if I got drunk with Lottie, which was highly likely. 

I had no idea what Lottie would be wearing. The Bell Inn wasn't exactly the ritz, but she struck me as the type of girl who liked to look nice. She could look nice wearing a potato sack she was so hot. 

I had no idea if she was into girls, but if the opportunity came up, I would take my chance to sleep with her. I wasn't feeling overly horny and my main priority was to make her feel better about her asshole of a boyfriend. 

Just before eight I left the cottage with my bag over my shoulder and walked for the pub. The sun was low in the sky, but it was still warm with the promise of a picturesque sunset. 

When I got the pub, Lottie was already there. She was stood outside waiting for me wearing a pale blue summer dress with big yellow flowers on it and was heavily made up. Her eyes were dark with eyeshadow which set off her features. She looked gorgeous holding her clutch bag in front of her crotch in a timid pose. 

"Hey Doctor Reynolds. How are you?" she beamed. 

"I'm great Lottie, but call me Becca, we're not at work now," I giggled. 

"Sorry, force of habit I suppose."

I moved in and we hugged and she kissed my cheek which took me by surprise. She smelt of fruity body spray and alcohol. I guessed she had already had a little drink to calm herself down before she went out. I kissed her cheek and we parted.

"You look hot tonight Lottie," I said, looking her up and down.

"Yeah. I scrub up quite well, don't I?" she giggled.

She gave me twirl and her short summer dress flared out to reveal her bare thighs. If this was the shape of things to come then I was in for a good night.

