 Kasey and Camille are favorites of mine. After you read this story, tell me, do you wish you were Becca? 

Thank you to Robert for your insightful comments. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, merchandise, companies, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters are 18 years or older when in sexual situations. 

Chapter One 

She was always painfully shy and somewhat insecure. She'd spent all day preparing for this moment but in the end couldn't muster the courage to go in. She stood just to the side of the doorway to the bar, watching as an occasional patron would enter or leave. Using the screen of her phone she nervously checked her make-up for the umpteenth time. She was too caught up in her own little world to notice a woman approaching her from behind. The woman tapped her lightly on the shoulder. The young girl, who was just 22, almost jumped out of her skin. 

"Nervous?" the older woman asked politely. 

"Yyyesss," the girl stuttered. 

"Don't be. It's just a bunch of women looking for a good time. Look, I'm here to meet my wife. How about you join us for a drink?" 

The girl took a moment to assess this Good Samaritan. She was tall, a natural redhead, impeccable make-up and hair, full figured, and clearly either a model or an actress. Her soothing tone of voice lowered the girl's anxiety level. 

"Sure ... that would be nice." 

Kasey was pleased that the young girl accepted her offer. She remembered her first days exploring her sexuality as a lesbian. She was uncertain what to do, and was too afraid to ask any of her friends, or heaven forbid, her family. She recalled the many women along the way that eased the path in her voyage of discovery. Kasey knew at an early age that she was a lesbian, but it was still a hard road carving her path to contentment. Along the way she was first a Domme, relishing the power of control over others, but later wanting a more balanced relationship. The tall redhead ultimately found herself deeply in love with Camille, now her wife of three years [ed. note: Kasey's relationship with Camille is chronicled in "Eleanor's Valentine's Day Wish"]. 

Kasey eyed the young girl, barely old enough to drink, exhibiting the uncertainty that comes from a partially formed sexual identity. She was a pretty one, her blonde tresses framing an attractive face, her high cheekbones and strong chin suggesting a woman of underlying strength, a small but sensual frame with cute "B" cup breasts, and shapely legs accented by her dressy pumps. Kasey couldn't suppress the thought that if she was ten years younger and single that she would have been interested in a date with her new friend. 

Kasey extended her hand, introducing herself, and in turn the young girl told Kasey her name was Rebecca, but her friends call her Becca. Becca couldn't believe her good fortune. One minute she was standing indecisively in front of the bar, the next minute she was being escorted into the bar by a tall, attractive, redhead. 

It was 8 p.m., and the bar, just a block off Castro, was bursting at the seams. Kasey and Becca wove their way through the well-dressed throng of women to a table in the back with a "reserved" sign on it. Kasey looked towards the bar, catching the bartender's attention, and signaling that she was taking the reserved sign off the table. The bartender nodded and went back to mixing drinks. 

"It's our favorite bar," Kasey half talked, half shouted, over the noise of the crowd and the background music, as the two of them slid into the padded bench seats. "And the bartender is a good friend of ours." 

The lesbian bar scene was new to Becca, and the intensity of the experience surprised her. The young guest leaned forward and in a whisper admitted to Kasey, "I'm not sure why I'm here." 

The petite blonde's admission was of little surprise to Kasey. She had been there before. She took Becca's hand in hers and asked, "How long have you known you were a lesbian?" 

Becca's face expressed shock. She had never heard someone refer to her as a lesbian, and had barely admitted it to herself. Her first reaction was to deny that she was a lesbian, but standing in front of a lesbian bar probably made that denial a waste of breath. Becca decided to come clean. This sympathetic woman might be the right person to talk to and perhaps bare her soul. 

"I'm not sure. I just know that I don't like men. I've been on a number of dates and am just not attracted to them. I'm attracted to women ... I'm attracted to you," Becca confessed. 

Kasey squeezed her new friend's hand. "Bless you for saying that. I think you're cute, but you know I'm married." 

Becca admired Kasey's honesty and candid nature. She thought the world she was entering was black and white with sharp edges, but was finding instead its softer side. Becca started to relax and felt a budding trust with this compassionate redhead. She confided what she thought she would never confide to anyone. 

"I've never been with a woman. That's why I'm here. I'm interested, but afraid." Becca's tone turned serious. She didn't find it easy to admit her motivations out loud to a person she barely knew. Kasey struck an encouraging tone. 

"I figured as much, with you standing outside the bar trying to decide if you were going to go in. You're young, and I presume single, so why not explore? It's the only way you're going to find out for certain." 

"I guess so ... but this is so intimidating," the perky blonde noted as her eyes scanned the throng of women surrounding their table. 

"I suppose so," answered Kasey, trying to dismiss her familiarity and comfort with the surroundings and put herself in the young girl's shoes. She was struggling, but failing in her ability to recall what it was like when she was in her early 20's when she was trying to find herself. 

As Kasey's voice trailed off both women turned their heads to see a person waving to them and then approaching the table. 

"Camille!" Kasey shouted, standing up to hug and then kiss her mate. Becca took note of Kasey's wife, an attractive brunette in her own right, also impeccably dressed, but somewhat shorter than Kasey and not quite as well-endowed. 

Somewhat breathlessly Camille said, "Sorry I'm late. First it was traffic on the Bay Bridge and then finding a parking place in the Castro ..." 

Camille noticed Becca sitting at their table, and before she could utter the question Kasey interjected, "Our guest's name is Becca. She was standing outside the bar and looked like she needed a friend." 

"Pleased to meet you Becca," said Camille, warmly. "Where are you from?" 

"Berkeley," replied the blonde. 

"That's great. Kasey and I love to go there for the food and the cultural events on campus. Are you still going there?" 

"Yes, I'm finishing up my senior year. I'm getting a degree in psychology and I'm not really sure what I'm going to be doing after graduation." 

Camille had a wistful look on her face. "College seems like forever ago, but I do remember the excitement and anxiety of looking for my first job. So are you looking to meet someone here?" 

"Kind of. I'm interested in meeting someone and seeing where it goes. I've never done this before." 

"Well, we know a lot of people that might be interested in meeting you. You're cute!" noted Camille. 

The three women discussed Becca's career goals and were well into their first round of drinks when a handsome Asian woman passed their table. 

"Hey Sonia!" shouted Camille. "We've got someone we'd like you to meet." 

Becca studied Sonia. She was exotic in appearance, perhaps an inch or two taller than Becca, long straight black hair and a surprisingly large bust. Her infectious smile flashed as she approached the table. Then Becca noticed her shoes. Sonia was wearing her favorite pair of Manolo Blahniks and Becca couldn't help but notice how fabulous the shoes looked with the Asian woman's curvy figure and well-proportioned and muscular calves. 

Sonia leaned forward to kiss Camille and Kasey on the cheek and then slid into the booth next to Becca. 

"Becca, meet Sonia," Kasey said as a quick introduction. 

Sonia shook Becca's hand. "Pleased to meet you Becca," Sonia said in crisp British accented English. 

The young blonde was reassured by her firm handshake and friendly smile. Was Sonia going to be her date for the night? She was attractive, and damn, that British accent was endearing. Becca straightened her blouse and took a sip of her drink. She was clearly interested. 

Sonia was similarly attracted to the comely blonde. Becca was a beautiful, impressionable young woman who was begging to be seduced. Sonia was there to meet a friend from work for a drink, but that meeting could wait for a bit. She loved being with Camille and Kasey and was intrigued by the presence of their new friend. 

Sonia leaned over to whisper in the blonde's ear, "It wasn't an accident that I was walking by your table." 

Becca gave a quizzical expression to Sonia before the import of her statement sunk in. "Me?" Becca asked. 

Sonia sat back and suppressed a laugh at the magnetic blonde's obvious lack of self-awareness. "You don't know, do you?" 

Now Becca was totally in the dark. She shook her head, her blonde locks being tossed about. 

"You're gorgeous. Every woman in the bar was watching you walk in with Kasey. Kasey can turn heads but so can you." 

This was one emotion Becca hadn't counted on experiencing that night; modesty. 

"I don't think of myself that way," Becca admitted truthfully. 

"And that's what makes you so goddamned cute, your lack of self-awareness." 

Sonia looked at Becca until their eyes connected. They both knew. Even Becca, the novice. She possessed that innate sense when there was that connection. It hadn't kicked in before, but Becca knew that she would hook-up with Sonia and be shown the art of pleasuring a woman. 

Sonia slid off the booth's bench and extended her hand to Becca. No words were exchanged as the din of the crowded bar faded to dull roar as the two women walked hand in hand to another table where a lone woman was sitting there idly playing with her drink. Sonia leaned over and whispered into her friend's ear as her work friend nodded in assent. Her friend noticed that Sonia had Becca in tow and it was painfully obvious that the two of them were about to get to know one another much better. 

Camille and Kasey watched Becca walk off with Sonia. They looked at each other and then shared a smile. "Damn, I wish I was young again," said Camille. 

"I wish I was Becca," said Kasey, her voice tinged with jealousy. "I think Sonia's going to show her how to properly love a woman." 

Chapter Two 

The smells of freshly baked bread were more seductive than sex. Sonia led Becca by the hand towards her local French bakery, pulling open the ancient screen door as it groaned to announce visitors. The women were all smiles as a baker emerged from the back of the store. 

"Usual?" the woman barked over the din of the bakery operation. 

Sonia nodded. The baker turned around to go into the back of the store. 

Moments later the woman emerged with a loaf of bread wrapped with plain brown paper and string. Sonia followed the woman to the register and paid. She returned to Becca and placed the package in her hands as if she were handing her a newborn baby. 

"It's still warm," said a grateful Becca. 

Sonia smiled and escorted Becca out the door and to her apartment. They walked three blocks, cut through a narrow alley (that caused no small amount of anxiety to Becca), and then to a locked entrance of a walk-up apartment building. Sonia unlocked the door, and on walking in Becca noticed the vintage tiled floor littered with pizza solicitations. They went to the poorly lit stairwell and trudged up to the second floor. Sonia fished the apartment key out of her pocket and unlocked her slightly dinged wood paneled front door. 

They stepped into Sonia's apartment. Becca's anxiety was palpable. The young blonde couldn't help but notice that the apartment was literally littered with high end women's shoes. Sonia used her foot to sweep some of the shoes to the side. 

"Sorry, I photograph women's shoes for a living ... really," Sonia explained/apologized as she cleared a pathway to the kitchen. 

They entered the kitchen area and Becca dropped the warm loaf of bread on the table. Becca looked at Sonia anxiously. Sonia had a number of relationships with younger women and knew how to put Becca at ease. 

"Let's just have something to drink with the warm bread. We can just talk, OK?" 

Becca's mind was put at ease. It greatly reduced the sexual tension. 

Sonia sat down at the kitchen table with a small platter containing a stick of butter and a butter knife. Becca pulled up the chair across from her and sat. Sonia ripped off the end of the still steaming hot bread and handed it to her blonde companion and then pushed the platter her way. Becca carved off a small slab of the butter and spread it around the hot bread. Becca took a big first bite and smiled. 

"Does it every time," Sonia said matter of factly. 

"What?" Becca asked. 

"I'm the woman that figured out the best way to start a seduction is with a stop at a French bakery." 

The joke completely broke the tension. Both women laughed and then started talking. They talked through two cups of coffee and half of the loaf of bread. Becca discovered that Sonia had the dream job, spending all day photographing high priced women's shoes and then being able to buy the samples at pennies on the dollar. Becca liked Sonia and was eager to be seduced, but wasn't sure if this was the right time. 

Sonia didn't want to rush Becca. Becca was something special. The Asian woman knew from past experience that some things can't be rushed, and one of them was the first time with a woman. Becca was such a cute, young thing and her first time had to be special. 

The hour was late. Becca looked at her phone and saw it was 11:30 p.m. She had been talking pretty much non-stop for the past hour. She rose up out of her chair. 

"I think I'll just take an Uber home. Thank you so much for the delightful evening." She was grateful that Sonia wanted her to be comfortable where things were going, if they were going, between the two of them. 

"My pleasure," said Sonia as she ushered Becca to the front door. 

The two women looked at each other, trying to decide if a good night kiss was appropriate. Sonia decided to cut through the potentially embarrassing moment by giving Becca a peck on the cheek. Relieved, Becca returned the chaste kiss and left. 

But that isn't where the evening ended. Becca texted her new friend as she was standing curbside waiting for her ride. 

Becca: Thank you for the wonderful evening. I hope to see you again soon. 

Sonia: Likewise. You're a beautiful young woman. I look forward to it. 

Becca had already waited for five minutes and saw on her app that her ride was still seven minutes away. In addition to being young she was also a bit impulsive. She cancelled her ride and walked back to Sonia's apartment building. Someone happened to be leaving and let Becca through the otherwise locked front door. Becca's heart started pounding in her chest as she walked through the littered foyer and up the darkened stairs to the second floor. She questioned what she was doing, but felt drawn to the older woman, as if a moth to a flame. 

Becca stood in front of apartment 2G and drew a large breath. She knocked on the door. 

Sonia answered, already in her robe and slippers. She had a surprised expression on her face, then one of pure lust. Ignoring the possibility of a fellow resident walking by, Sonia untied her robe, letting it fall open. Becca gazed for a moment at the ebony haired woman's voluptuous body before the woman's hands pulled her into the apartment while at the same time using her foot to kick the door shut. 

As the door slammed, Sonia also slammed her lips against Becca's, drawing the breath out of her as they both fell into a sexual frenzy, swirling tongues and probing hands, as Sonia backed the two of them through the labyrinth of shoes and into her bedroom. The unmade bed was still warm from where Sonia had recently settled to read a book before turning in for the night and the bedside light was still casting its bright glow on the dented pillow. The couple fell into the bed, frantically pawing each other. The feeling of new love was a powerful intoxicant for Sonia, and being that Becca was both beautiful and inexperienced, unleashed her baser instincts. 

Becca was elated. She had always wondered about how her first experience with a woman would go, and now being in the clutches of an experienced, attractive and lust-filled lover was everything she had hoped for and more. She decided to let herself go, to follow Sonia's lead, and to savor every moment of her first time. They sat on bed facing each other. 

Sonia could sense Becca's willingness to allow her to lead, and slowed down the dizzying pace, pausing to use her fingers to trace the fair haired woman's nose, cheeks and lips. Becca parted her lips, allowing the older woman to slip her fingers into her mouth, and then caressing the fingers with her tongue, tasting the salty residue on them. 

Becca was intrigued by Sonia's seduction, having never been with a seasoned lover. This wasn't the clumsy fumblings of a young man, trying to impress her with his sexual prowess or inadvertently embarrassing himself with a shocking lack of knowledge of the female anatomy, this was an experienced woman who knew what a woman wanted. Even her gentle touch was more erotic than anything she had experienced before. 

The ebony haired seductress couldn't believe her good fortune. She had broken up with her girlfriend a few months ago and had not had sex since the unplanned break-up. Now she was in bed with a nubile woman, her body begging to be used. She was young, beautiful and willing. 

Sonia reached up and unbuttoned Becca's blouse, pulling apart the gauzy material to expose her skimpy bra. Becca's pale blue eyes fixed on Sonia's, reaching behind herself to unhook her bra, the cups sliding down her chest to expose the tops of her pert breasts. Sonia tugged on the front of the bra, pulling it off of the panting blonde, freeing her breasts and the rosy pink erect nipples that were encased in their lacy prison. Becca suppressed the urge to cover her tits with her arms, instead keeping her arms at her side and arching her back, offering them to her lover. 

Sonia accepted the invitation, drawing an erect nipple in her mouth, tasting it, testing its firmness with light nibbles, and then sucking on it, looking at Becca's face for her reaction. Becca's face told Sonia everything - the faint smile, the heavy lidded eyes, and the flushed complexion. The Asian seductress went further, massaging the young, firm flesh of Becca's tits and then moving her mouth back and forth between the rock hard nipples. Becca let out a long sigh as Sonia made love to her breasts, closing her eyes tightly and hoping this wasn't a dream. 

Becca knew what would come next and now felt an urgency within her. She put her hand on the top of Sonia's head, running her fingers through the black, silky smooth coarse hair, while gently nudging her head lower. 

Sonia didn't need a signal from this sexual novice, but it was amusing nevertheless when she felt Becca's tender hands running through her hair and then push her head lower. She wanted to worship Becca's virgin cunt; she wanted to as much as anything she had ever wanted. This lovely, expressive creature was at her command, to experience sex to its fullest. There was something about the newness of it for Becca that made it so terribly exciting for Sonia as well. 
