 My husband once worked for a major international tractor company, most people would have heard the name, but I won't mention it here. He was a highly qualified mechanic and one of the head supervisors.

One night just a few years ago, he and I got into a discussion about him going out on his own to start a business. He surprised me by telling me that he had learned already of a motor repair business that was for sale. At least it was within the state in which we live in Australia, but the town was over 3 hours drive from the capital city in which we then lived.

"That's okay," I told him, "but what about my job?" I am in a public service role in the travel and tourism industry, which takes me away from home a lot. Where this business that he wanted to buy was based, I would have a 3½-hour drive to reach the airport from where my working day started and finished. Some of my flights are in the very early hours of the morning … both outbound and inbound. I certainly didn't want such a long drive home after spending long hours on a plane.

So we both thought long and hard about it, weighing up the good against the bad points. On the bad side was everything about my job, but I had to admit that there was a lot going for the business and I knew my husband always wanted to own his own business.

We had both always agreed too that we would love to live close to the beach, on at least a few acres of land where it would be peaceful and quiet, giving us time to relax with each other. We have no children, both of us content to concentrate on our careers. We weren't really fussy about kids, but I was on the pill and we were happy the way we were.

If we took this opportunity, we could escape the rat race of the city, and as his own boss, he would not be bound to do the huge amounts of overtime that the tractor company expected of him. We would have lots more time for each other and I knew my husband would love that.

Before I go much further, I better tell you about us. My husband, Barry is tall, around 6-4, fair-haired, well-built, keeps fit … he's into Muay Thai kick boxing. He's had some fights in the ring, which he's enjoyed, and he's won.

As for myself, I am quite tall too, blonde hair that runs down over my shoulders, I'm a natural blonde, 5-9, slim 34c-24-35. I like to keep fit, I lay in the sun a lot, swim, don't smoke, social drinker … and I love to tease guys. I have been told that I have a killer arse and a weird sense of humour. 'Oh, I should say too that I enjoy sex,' just figured I should throw that in.

The type of work that I do tends to lead to me getting hit on quite often … which I have to admit to enjoying sometimes. For some guys, it can get a bit awkward if I rebuff them, so I have to be careful how I do it … but most are okay about it.

So, after much discussion about moving out of town to a whole new life, we decided 'let's do it,' but not knowing what I was going to find.

Before we made the move, we had to find rental accommodation. We thought that we would take it easy, not rush in, take our time to find the sort of place that we both wanted. We wanted somewhere nice and quiet with nobody looking over our shoulders like there had been in the city.

So we moved down there, declaring that we would give it one year. Little did either of us know what was about to happen.

Within three months, Barry had so much mechanical work that he had to advertise for a qualified mechanic. My husband was working seven days a week, so much for taking it easy, but he had already made a good name for himself. A lot of you will know what small towns are like, word of mouth gets around quickly when someone is doing a good job.

He started to get lots of farmers who had previously gone to out-of-town mechanics, but like all farmers, they wanted him to work on their machinery yesterday.

I had taken a few months off work so that I could help Barry in the early stages … you know, taking phone calls, making appointments so that he didn't have to keep stopping work to answer the phone. Mobile coverage is pretty disgusting in this part of the country and he didn't want to lose hard-earned business by not being able to acknowledge callers when they rang in.

We even found that our sex life was not as it used to be. Back in the city, when Barry came home from work, he would want a quickie, so he would call me up to let me know that he was on his way home. I would go in and shower and make myself ready for him. I have never refused my husband and, as I have said already, I love sex. Even if I don't cum, just giving my lover pleasure is my reward.

I know that lots of other girls feel the same way, we are not like guys having to cum all the time … we can enjoy sex, giving a blow job, seeing the look of pleasure on my lover's face as he cums. But don't get me wrong, I do enjoy coming, it's like the icing on the cake of sex.

When I was at Uni, studying for my public relations degree, I got on extremely well with one of the lecturers, who was female. One time over coffee, we got to chatting about guys, and how to use our feminine sexuality to help guide guys to get what we want. She explained lots of things to me over that time. I would go around to her place some nights and she would show me how to dress, how to conduct myself if I was going for an interview, how to act around guys, how to flirt, but not going too far.

She was great, but the most important thing she ever said to me was 'To keep your guy happy, you have to be a whore in bed and a cook in the kitchen.' I have never forgotten that advice.

Sorry, I do tend to go on … I better get back to my story.

One night, the estate agent that looked after us when we moved, invited us out for dinner. So we went, it was at one of the big local resorts with he and his wife. While the four of us were having dinner, my husband spotted the mechanic that he had just hired. Barry pointed him out to all of us and the agent seemed to know him. He told us, "You've got a good guy there, it could be just the break he deserves. He had a big bust up with the boss of the big motor dealer in town, he's been keen to get another job, you won't go wrong with him." Barry looked pleased with that response, confirming that he had made the right decision in hiring the new guy.

After we finished dinner, the agent and his wife excused themselves, telling us that they had to get home to relieve the babysitter before it got too late. We didn't have such a problem so Barry and I went into the lounge area to enjoy another drink. While we were sitting there enjoying our night-cap, Paul, my husband's new employee, and his wife came in to the lounge and took a nearby table.

I had not met either of them, but instead of checking out the husband first, as most women would do, the wife's and my eyes locked. She sort of gave a nervous smile and gently nodded her head toward me. 'Wow,' I thought, 'she is gorgeous, I wonder what she does in a small town like this.' 

I hadn't even met her, but I felt like I couldn't take my eyes off her. I felt myself wanting to 'know' her more … lots more. Don't get me wrong, I am a very happily married woman and Barry and I enjoy great sex. But way back in my Uni days, I had once tried messing around with another girl, which I enjoyed a lot. But since then, I had not met any other girl that I was interested in.

All I had on was a black woollen dress that clung to my body and ended about 3 inches above the knees, so I had to be very careful sitting down. It was one of my husband's favourites … he likes touching me when we're driving home from a night out, stroking my legs and thighs. This dress is ideal for that, because it rides up my thighs. I have previously pulled it up over my arse for him and sometimes I take off my thong.

I also had a small sweater, with the arms draped over my shoulders. I could feel my nipples starting to tingle, and with no bra on, they would soon stick out. Also, since I was wearing just a small thong, I was thinking that I might have to adjourn to the rest room and place some tissues down there, to help absorb any moisture that might leak from my sexual parts.

I touched my husband's arm, "Hey, there's that Paul that you hired, and I guess that must be his wife."

"Yes it is, would you mind if I invite them over for a drink, so we can get to know them better. It seems as if I touched lucky with him."

'Would I mind?' I thought, 'Oh God no, I already wanted to get to know her a lot better, maybe even become really good friends.'

So Barry went over and was talking to them, then they got up and came over to our table with their drinks.

"Hey Luci, this is Paul." With that, my husband's new employee leaned over to shake my hand. I felt a bit awkward, because being so tall and wearing 3 inch heels, I tended to look down at him … he was 5-8. 

Hi Paul, I'm pleased to meet you."

"And," my husband continued, "this is his wife, Rebecca."

"Hey, not so formal," the young woman suggested, smiling, "I'm called Becky," and she held out her hand to me.

I took her warm hand in mine. 'Oh God, I wonder if she feels the same way I do.' I could feel the buzz going up my arm and down into my body, seeming to touch all of my erogenous zones. I did not want to let her hand go.

She was wearing a simple black dress, just above the knees, but what I could see of her was so well put together. She was around 5-4, average figure, but later I was to find out just how well put together she was. Beautiful dark hair, down over her shoulders, and her breasts seemed full and firm.

So the guys began talking together, as they do. I asked Becky, "What do you do?"

"I'm into public relations," she told me happily.

My husband must have been listening in, "Hey, so is Luci, she has a degree in public relations, so you two should get on real well."

"I didn't think there would be much to do in that line of work down here," I said.

"God no, I have too much, I could do with some real help. You would be surprised, but just look at all the wineries. I help to organise receptions and tours when they have VIP's coming by. I also take videos and photos, that's what I really like. Luci, you would be a big hit down here with your looks and experience. Why don't we meet for a coffee one day, so that we can talk about it."

"Yes," my husband said, "then you would not have to go away all the time," he said with a smirk on his face.

I knew what he was thinking about and it was not so much me going away. I just smiled back at him, letting him know that I knew what he was getting at, randy bugger. But then, that was just like all guys, God bless them.

Over the next few weeks, I met Becky often, helping her, working with her. 'God, I was dying to make love to her, taste her,' but I was a bit scared to make it happen in case it spoiled the relationship that we now had. Plus, I had to be very careful if it got out what I had tried with her, living in this small town where everyone wants to know your business.

My husband's business was becoming established and Barry and I decided that it was time for me to return to my regular job. On the eve of my first day back, I was in my bedroom, packing my clothes for my work trip when I heard a car beep, "Who can that be," I asked myself out loud. I looked out the window to see Becky getting out of her car with lots of papers, and what looked like drawings.

"Hey Luci," she shouted out at my open front door.

"Come in, I am in the bedroom," I called back.

"Hey are you waiting for me?" she asked jokingly as she approached the room.

'If only,' I thought.

"So what are you up to?" she asked as she walked into the bedroom where I was, my work clothes laid out on the bed.

"Well, I will be away for three days from tomorrow," I said, "so I'm just getting my things together."

"Why, where are you going?"

I had not told her what I do, and then she saw my uniforms.

"Wow, so now I know what you do," pointing to the distinctive uniform, known by any Australian who has travelled. "So you are a flight attendant.'

"Yes, but don't tell anyone."

She began to laugh, "So now I have you, keeping secrets from me. How long have you been doing that?"

"Over ten years now, and I still enjoy it."

She picked up one of my uniforms, "Hey, this is sexy, my husband would love me to wear this for him." She asked laughingly, "Do you wear it for your husband?"

"Now that would be telling," I replied.

She looked into my travel case, "Wow Luci, you do travel light."

I gave her a puzzled look, "What do you mean?"

"Well, look at your case, all you have in there are your uniforms, lots of tights, two bras, thongs and a dress. So what do you wear under your uniform? She was looking puzzled.

"That's easy," I said with a mischievous smile, "me … and a pair of tights."

"Hey, you're joking, with all those people around, not even a bra … wow!"

I could see the excitement in her eyes, 'Oh God, Becky go,' I thought. I felt like just taking hold of her and making love to her, here and now. I fought with myself not to.

"So tell me all about it," she was saying, "Do you get hit on?"

"Oh yes, every trip."

"Do you ever get tempted?"

"So you want to know all my secrets."

"Well do you, tell me. It's okay, I promise I won't say a word to anyone." I could see that she was getting excited.

I looked at her, figuring out if I could trust her. We had got to know each other very well, and we felt very close. Even our husbands had remarked about that, they said we had become like sisters.

I looked at her and thought, 'Just do it, now is the time.'

"Well Becky, you have to do something for me," I said to her, grinning, "Is it a deal?"

"Oh God, Luci, just tell me, okay … I will do what you want."

"Promise me you will not get mad, or tell anyone."

"YES, YES, now please tell me."

I took a deep breath, 'Here goes,' I thought. "Okay, come here."

She looked at me, I could see it on her face, curious … wondering what I was going to ask her.

"Stand in front of me, okay … now close your eyes."

I started to walk around her, quietly. I blew on the back of her neck.

"Hey," she said, opening her eyes, looking for me.

I started laughing, "I thought we had a deal."

She looked at me and then she started to laugh, "Oh you bitch," she said and tapped me on the arm playfully.

I grabbed her, "Okay Beck's, so you want to fight?" and we both fell onto the bed, starting to wrestle. 

I felt her breasts pushing on mine as we fought playfully. I rolled over onto my back as she managed to get on top of me. I put my arms around her, intending to push her off me, but my hands slipped, one grasped her butt as the other somehow slid under her top. I could feel her breasts were so firm … without even thinking, I gave them a squeeze, feeling her nipples, they were hard, 'Oh god, is Becky hot', I thought, 'hers are just like mine … HARD'.

I managed to roll back over, getting her down, leaning over her, looking into her beautiful eyes, then I could just not stop myself. I leant down and, smiling at her, I kissed her. Letting my tongue force its way into her mouth, trying to catch her tongue with mine, feeling her relax, as I found her tongue, sucking it, and hoping – wishing – that she would feel the same as I did.

Her eyes flew wide open and she broke the kiss, "Oh god, Luci, what are we doing?" she asked, but fortunately she was smiling at me. Her arms came up to surround my neck, holding me to her, "Luci I have never done anything like this. I have thought of it, wondering what it would be like, and I would love you to be my first, please".

"Just relax, Beck's" I said, "I have wanted to do this since I first met you. I have thought about you a lot. Every time I see you, I have wanted to take you in my arms, into my bed." I was confessing my intimate thoughts to my new friend, "Even when we have been on the beach, watching you in your thong, it has taken all my will power to stop myself from making love to you. My pussy was so wet at times, thinking of making love to you, pulling you down, loving your breasts, kissing you all over, tasting you, watching you cum, and then kissing you with your juices on my lips."

Becky pulled my face back down to hers, both of us opening our mouths, letting our tongues fight inside … I felt one of her hands creep under my top. "Oh Luci, I have wanted to feel, see your breasts, kiss them, make love to them, since we both went to the beach, then I watched you take off your dress and all you had on was a thong, God you got me so wet, just looking at you. They are beautiful."

All I had on was a small skirt and a loose tee shirt, no underwear. I had just got out of the shower and thought I would get my travelling stuff ready before I got dressed.

I had her on her back, looking up at me. I put one of my legs across her body. I was straddling her, looking into those gorgeous eyes. Then I lifted my top up over my head, loving that her hands came up to caress my breasts as soon as they came into her view. Letting her hold them, I told her, "Beck's, you can do what you want with them, they are yours" I leant forward, encouraging her to take one, then the other, into her mouth. I could feel myself starting to get those tingles women get when we are becoming aroused. I could feel my pussy wanting to be, kissed, touched, entered, I was so wet.

I placed my hands alongside her head as I hovered over her, feeding her my breasts, they felt as if they were about to burst. My nipples were so hard as Becky sucked on them, gently biting them, rolling them around in her mouth. Only my small skirt remained, but she was still clothed.

I rolled onto my side, pulling Beck's with me so I could hold her. I started to run my hands up and down her body, feeling her starting to kiss me back, tenderly … feeling her accepting my tongue while my hands roamed her body, then slid under her top. I undid her bra, letting her breasts fall free, "Beck's take your top off," I told her. She raised her arms so that we could both do it, removing her bra at the same time.

I gently rubbed my palms over her nipples, in circles, feeling them begin to harden. All the time I was kissing her, whispering to her, saying how much I have wanted this, how gorgeous she is, how I have wanted to hold her, taste her.

I could feel her hands starting to roam over my body, pulling my arse into her, cupping the cheeks. "Oh Luci, you are so firm," Becky told me. I felt her hand go to the zipper on my skirt, sliding it down, then her discovery, "Oh God, Luci, you have no underwear on. You are so hot, no wonder so many guys hit on you."

Her skirt was loose so I could slide my hands under it very easily. I pushed it up to her waist, "Take it off, Luci," she implored me, "I want to be like you … nude."

I slid it down easily, it had an elasticised waist. She kicked it away, leaving her in brief high-cut panties. I put my hands back on her arse, pulling her body in to me, leaning my head down to her breasts. I took a nipple into my mouth, rolling it around with my tongue, gently biting it, rolling it around between my teeth, licking it, sucking it, her beautiful breasts were so full and so firm.

"Oh fuck, Luci, Luci, I have never felt this way, not like this," she was crying, "I never thought it would be like this … I think I love you."

I looked at her, "Beck's, just enjoy yourself, let yourself go, do what you want to, I am yours, this is all for you." I knelt up, letting her see me, "Beck's, I am all yours."
