 The following morning as the girls lined up for stretching, Alex was on the field with a stunning beauty that nobody recognized. 

"Good morning ladies, this is your stand-in coach, Nadine. Coach Natasha was in an accident last night and suffered a broken jaw. It is being wired shut today and she will need a good six weeks to recover." Vick and Stacey shared a 'holy shit' glance but stayed composed.

"Hi girls. I'm a good friend of Natasha and a New England Patriots cheerleader. She has tasked me with developing you girls into the real deal and wanted me to express her apologies. That being said Alex will run you through your stretches and warm-ups while I talk to our flyer Stacey and effective captain Vicky who can bring me up to speed on where we're at with dances and stunts."

She pulled the two aside and said they needed to go for a ride. They got in the cart and zoomed back to the coaches cabin before she finally spoke. 

"What the fuck happened? Nat only wrote me a note saying to apologize to you two and to take care of you, you would bring me up to speed and anything you need I'm to give you." 

"She said anything, huh?" Vick leaned back against a wall, blowing her signature bubble, as she glanced at a giddy Stacey and decided to go for broke. "Take a seat, Nadine."

Nadine sat down with a straightened back, hands clasped, attentive. Vicky took her time before speaking. She watched her closely, trying to get a read on her personality type, picking up on subtle hints. She looked nervous, perhaps even a little shaky. Vicky knew her image and wild staring eyes had this effect on a lot of people, and she couldn't help but slip into her manipulative persona of days gone by when she found a good plaything. 

"What's your idea of anything? What would be your limits, Nadine?" She smiled with half her mouth, as she wandered slowly into Natasha's bedroom, and started opening and digging thru drawers. Stacey concentrated on keeping a straight face, as she watched this biker's daughter spin her web, in stitches internally. 

"Well," she cleared her throat after it cracked a little, "Nat knows me well, she knows I would do almost anything for her, so very few limits I suppose. Was there anything specific you had in mind?"

"Nothing specific just yet. I'm just trying to get a read on what kind of a woman you are still." She came back in the room and sat down, with Natasha's flog in her hand. Nadine remained silent, but her face became red and she was suddenly very fidgety. The intense, wild looking Victoria lightly tickled her own bare leg with the flog, sitting out an uncomfortable silence. 

"I, um, I suppose, I just like to make people happy. I'm a people pleaser." Her answer, her eyes on the flog, her lack of questions about it, her increased breathing rate, her nearly trembling hands, were all speaking volumes to the perceptive Vicky. There was no doubt about it, both girls thought to themselves. She was a sub. Stacey moved behind Nadine and started to braid her hair. She also wanted to gauge her reactions but felt a little sorry for her. She knew how scary Vick was before you get to know her. 

"What's your sex life like?" Vicky took Stacey's lead and smiled, trying to put the newcomer at ease. 

"Well that's rather personal, but since you asked, I'm ashamed to admit it's virtually non-existent. My friends all say I'm too hot to be approachable. Ironic, right?"

"Well, that's sad! You're so beautiful," Stacey said and stepped way out on a limb as she ran her hands down into the front of her loose shirt, enjoying a big rush of excitement from lightly squeezing the stranger's softball sized tits. The woman leaned back and let out a small moan. Clearly she was slipping into a very receptive mood, and had maybe even been hoping for something like this to happen to her. Maybe for a very, very long time. 

"That is sad," said Vicky, as she crawled in front of her and slipped off her sneakers, and began rubbing her feet. 

"You girls are so nice! It's no wonder Natasha wanted me to take care of you. Yet here you are taking care of me." Vicky moved up to her legs, pressing her big boobs against them as she reached to pull the lever to make the chair recline. Nadine pushed on the armrests and leaned on the back so she was fully reclined. Stacey reached for the bottom of her shirt and tugged upward, as Nadine immediately sat up a little, giving her access to pull it off over her head. As Stacey's searching fingers found the nipples of her sumptuous breasts under her sports bra, Vicky's hands had slid all the way up her muscular thighs to under her shorts, her thumbs already making small circles on her outer lips.

"Oh my god," Nadine whispered, as she spread her legs and pulled off her bra. "I've been here for one fucking hour." She was visually and audibly in a state of ecstasy. Her heart was pounding, and she was squirming like a fish out of water. Vick was shocked at how wet she was, her thumbs were immediately drenched as she slid them under her panties and then into her. 

"Welcome," Vicky hissed, as she wrapped her fingers around her waistbands and ripped both pairs of bottoms off, exposing her tightly groomed hint of blonde pubic hair, and literally dripping pussy. As Stacey bent over to suck on the substitute's pinging nipple, she kicked off her own shorts and panties. She pushed down on the back of the chair so she could climb onto it with her knees, and as it fell backward Nadine let out a yelp, but fairly un-phased she put her hands on the young girl's ass and raised her lips to meet her also soaked pussy. 

Victoria literally laughed out loud at her little spider monkey girlfriend, as she had inadvertently kicked Nadine's super athletic looking lower body up in the air, right into her face. Perhaps it was intentional, she was fast learning to not put anything past her, as she watched her grab both of the woman's knees and pull them apart into a split.

"You first," Stacey said to Vick, with a devious yet cute grin. Vick, obliged, made a meal of the fresh meat, feeling and tasting her almost building to climax. As she bucked and quivered, Vick sensed an eruption forming and moved her mouth out of the wet zone as the pro cheerleader squirted wildly, letting a loud scream escape her ecstatic body. 

Stacey, never having seen anything like this before, rapidly started finger fucking the gushing woman, while riding her face, muffling the screams with her tight crotch. After it seemed she had exhausted herself of all that pent-up fluid, Stacey couldn't help but lick and lap at her for a few moments, wanting to taste what had just sprayed everywhere. 

"Holy fuck girls, get up, get the fuck off me!" They both jumped up, half scared that something was wrong. "I've never experienced anything like that. Lets hit the bedroom, Alex can handle practice today I hope. Bring that whip, my pussy got wet the moment I saw it your hand." She quickly scurried to the bed and got on all fours. Vicky immediately started whipping her tan, shapely ass lightly while Stacey climbed in front of her on her back, and pushed her mouth down onto her, telling her she was a good Coach.

Every time she hit her ass with the flog, Nadine bucked forward, jamming her mouth into Stacey's gash with a moan. It was glorious to watch for Vicky and to feel for both Nadine and the flyer. After about ten minutes of this, Stace spun around into a sixty-nine under the woman and Vicky began to rim her, stopping now and again to spank her or whip her tight ass. The woman rolled over, pulling little Stacey on top, and Vick now had a fresh new target for her flog. She whipped her girl's tiny ass, telling her to fuck the coach with her fingers while she ate her, not to be lazy. 

It wasn't long before the two locked in the yin-yang of pussy munching decided to throw Vicky on to the bed, and completely ravage the ghost skinned knockout. Stacey tribbed their pussies together hard, while Nadine rode on her amazing looking face, and the thirty-year-old passionately made out with the high school junior. Within a couple of hours, the two camp mates had completely minced the undersexed beauty, leaving her like a puddle, in a puddle, unable to do anything but get herself off for the rest of the day with the thoughts of what had just happened to her. 

"Just tell the team we were working on new stuff. Should be easy enough to pull off, Mrs. Patriots." The girls laughed as they walked out, once again stealing the golf cart. 

They decided to blow off practice to go wash each other and nap, proud of themselves for seducing the new coach so overwhelmingly within moments of her arrival. "We're dangerous together," Vicky said to her little protégé.

"That was incredibly fun and amazingly hot. She is gorgeous!"

"I agree, on all counts." They kiss for a while before dozing off together, tangled up and naked.

Practice began as scheduled and relatively normally the following day, and as suggested Nadine had a battery of new dances, cheers, and stunts prepared to cover for her absence the previous day. This fooled a lot of the younger girls, but some of Vicky's close friends had an idea what she had been up to, recalling her early years with Coach Natasha and just knowing her in general. At the first opportunity, Nadine pulled her aside. 

"Do you think you could come over tonight? That was wild yesterday, I think I need more."

"I suppose so, but Stacey and I are together, it's a package deal."

"Well, to be honest, I was hoping to take it a step further, maybe get tied down or something. If we can include her in a scene like that, even better. Oh, and a safe word may be a good idea. Let's use, uhh, 'pain whore'." She blushed when she said it. 

"Wow, ok, point taken. Be ready. As ready as you can be, anyway." 

Vicky could hardly wait for lunch to tell Stacey about their new homework assignment. She was gooey thinking about giving her the chance to dominate a thirty-year-old pro cheerleader as such a young girl and knew she would take great pleasure in watching it happen. She had already formulated half a plan for how it was going to happen. She didn't dislike Nadine one bit, but bubbly Barbie type girls bored her in general. She was going to enjoy giving her what she wanted, according to her choice of safe words. Just the fact that she felt the need to use a safe word had her turned on already. 

"So to be clear, we can get as rough as we want with her, as long as she doesn't say the words 'pain whore', understand? That means 'stop', 'please don't', anything like that is just her living out her fantasy, and she is still enjoying it, that's the idea behind a safe word."

"She really chose 'pain whore', are you making this shit up?"

"El oh el, no. I'm not that twisted. Rather telling, don't you think?"

"I'll say," Stacey said, "I'm almost scared!"

They went on to talk about how it should go, before walking back to the final session of the day. Cheerleading session that is. There was an obvious chemistry going on between the three of them during the final practice that day, with Nadine taking any opportunity to be very touchy-feely with both girls and a few of the others too. 

After a quick shower, the girls walked to her cabin, deciding to eat there instead of with the other girls. They joked that she was gonna pay for taking the golf cart back. But as funny as it was they both got a tingle in their sweatpants at the thought of it. 

As the walked in the door, they saw Nadine dressed in some very sexy red lingerie, and had already put a collar on her own neck. 

"Off the furniture, bitch." Stacey walked right past her to the kitchen to make something to eat. Stacey went into Natasha's bedroom to retrieve a blindfold and a ball gag, and some wrist cuffs that could be clipped together. 

"Are you gonna be a good little slut for us tonight Nadine?" Stacey hadn't had a chance to act this way yet but was enjoying it so far. 

"Yes." Stacey slapped her gorgeous face. 

"Do not speak unless you have been given permission." She placed the blindfold over her eyes and kissed her lips. Then she cuffed her hands behind her and went to the kitchen to help with dinner. After the two girls had eaten they took turns feeding the captive Nadine, telling her how good she was being as well as what a beautiful fuck toy she was gonna make. She was good at staying silent, tripping up their plans to slap her more when she spoke. 

Finally, she got tripped up when Vicky asked her if she was looking forward to getting fucked. When she replied "badly", Vicky struck her cheek with a hard slap, telling her to get on all fours as she unclipped her hands behind her, and re-clipped them when they were in front of her. 

"You have permission to answer now. How badly do you want it, Nadine?" She grabbed her pussy hard while Stacey strapped the ball gag onto her pretty mouth and got undressed. She bent her arms so she was on her elbows, with her ass pushed up in the air. Both girls giggled as she tried to mumble an answer through the ball. They thought it was funny that her safe word plan was now useless, however, had agreed that they wouldn't do anything too rough to her with her mouth incapacitated. This would serve to make her feel completely helpless though, and they hoped it would thrill her more than frighten her. 

Her vulnerability got the better of Victoria, however, and she started spanking her very hard, even spanking her still lace clad vagina. Stacey did a safe word check while this was happening by quickly removing the ball gag, pleased that she said nothing before inserting two fingers into her mouth. As she sucked them Stacey asked her if she liked sucking cock, and she nodded obediently without speaking. 

"I bet you're a great cock-sucker, being so pretty. Guys must love you sucking on them." She pulled her hair tightly into a ponytail with her left hand, yanking her head back, fingering her mouth. "How many dicks do you suppose this pretty little mouth has sucked? Answer me." She removed her fingers.

"Many. One drunk night in college I sucked off half the football tea..." Fingers interrupted her. 

"What a slut!" Stacey spat on her face, shocking both her and Vicky, who smiled and gave her a thumbs up. 

"I admit, I'm a little slut too, and also like sucking cock, but I would never do that!"

"That's cause you're just a cock teasing dyke." Natasha boldly announced, as Vicky immediately pulled her panties aside and pinched the inside of her pussy and clit hard between her thumb and forefinger, even trying to dig in with her nails a little. Stacey spat on her face again and slapped her hard, becoming emboldened by this game suddenly being taken to another level. 

"Did I say speak?"

"Nope!" She smiled, and Stacey slapped her yet again on the same cheek, hard. 

"Oh!" That one appeared to stun her a little. Vicky ripped her panties off her asshole and spat on it. 

"Listen, tramp, we are in charge here. So how much cock has this dirty asshole taken." 

"Not a lot, just one, a few times." 

"I'll overlook you daring to speak to me since you have managed to save this little fuckhole from as much debauchery as your filthy slut mouth has experienced." With that, she started fingering her pulsing asshole with her left hand, while still gripping her by her vaginal wall and clit like a small vice. 

"Oh fuck," Nadine let slip as she started rocking forward and back, the firm grip and dominance of both young girls rapidly escalating her lust. Stacey motioned to Vick that they should flip her over, and Vick nodded. She counted down with her fingers, three, two, one, and they both flip her dramatically on to her back, startling her. 

Stacey put her wrists under a knee and started playing with her lace covered nipples, softly at first, but soon in a more torturous manner, delighted by the fact that she could push the limits of pain because of the whole safe word thing. Remembering her choice of safe words, and her feistiness, she pinched both nipples with force.

Nadine arched her back and exclaimed "Yes!" as Victoria had similar thoughts as Stacey and tore off her panties, and plunged most her right hand into her while pinching the skin of her pubic bone firmly with her left. Soon the two girls weren't even looking at each other, just focusing on torturing her tits and pussy while she made all kinds of noise and even saying 'no', and 'oh god it hurts', but not the safe word. 

"Shut up cunt." Stacey shocked herself when she murmured it, and climbed onto her face. She put her full weight on her head, smothering her, till she started struggling, at which point she lifted up briefly, allowing her to catch her breath, before sitting back down with a plop. Vicky had switched from her hands to her teeth, nibbling and actually biting her, taking moments to use her tongue instead occasionally. 

When she bored of this, she mounted her, grinding her now also aroused womanhood against their victim's mercilessly, while she kissed her partner in crime. Noticing how hard Vicky was fucking her, she scooted off her face and sat on her big tits, in case she wanted to tap out for some reason. Stacey put her hand to use and found Nadine's bulging clit, and pinched it, then rubbed it, pinched and rubbed, also stimulating Vicks neighboring pleasure knob. 

"Oh, Christ! I'm gonna come!" Nadine cried, and with this, Vicky stopped grinding. She slowly started to move again when she realizes she'd successfully denied her release. It hadn't been long enough to let her come yet, and she was pretty sure she hadn't even thought of using her safe word. Knowing she was a squirter, she wanted her orgasm to be vaginal. So with this in mind she told Stacey to go get some pillows, saying it was time for a little lesson on the g-spot. 

They propped her ass up on the pillows, and Vicky straddled the coaches face and explained to Stacey how to insert her fingers so she could curl them upwards, against the roof of her pussy. She showed her how to move them in a come-hither motion and in a circle, feeling for the little magic button. This was driving Nadine wild, and whenever Vicky got off her mouth she said things like 'harder', 'deeper', and 'fuck me, goddammit, fuck me!'. 

Stacey also got extremely hot by this instruction from her BFF and flicked Nadine's clitoris with her tongue while driving three fingers into her, trying with all her concentration to stimulate her hard and deep inside. 

Vicky lifted her bum off her face for more feedback when Nadine's body started quaking.

"Hooooly, don't fucking stop, shit Stacey, hurt me, fuck my pussy haaaard!"

Stacey rapidly fist fucked her with her upturned right hand, rubbing her ceiling while pushing down on her with the left, and strummed her clit with her thumb ferociously. Nadine slammed her hips into the air as she screamed, and again sprayed vaginal fluids everywhere, and it again fascinated Stacey, who this time lowered her mouth on her in an effort to drink it all up. 

"Fucking HOT," Vick noted, while still riding the woman's face. 

"That's twice! God that's amazing." Nadine collapsed. The girls led her to the bedroom and stripped off her top, and crawled into bed with her, snuggling in on both sides of the sated blonde. Before too long they had another lovemaking session, with Nadine focusing on pleasuring each of the younger women who had so fully finished her off earlier. They all eventually fell asleep together, totally satisfied and exhausted. 

OoO

The rest of the camp was close to a loop of these two nights, along with lots of top-notch cheerleading during the days. 

Vicky went on to eventually cheer for the Patriots, Nadine convinced the leadership there that she was a good fit, and it turned out she was. Natasha eventually recovered fully and groomed the young flyer into a leader as Victoria had been. Stacey never did convince Vick to paint anything on her skin, although to this day, she still begs her whenever the two are together. That is as often as their schedules allow, often getting into sticky situations, when not busy expressing their deep love for each other physically. Stacey steals the golf cart at least five times every single summer.