 “You want to become what?”

This was my first reaction when my flatmate Cara told me of her latest idea. I was used to her endless searching for the ‘thing’ that would change her life for ever. It was safe to say that she was not happy with her lot and tried aimlessly to find something that would enable her to feel better about her self. 

“I want to become orgasmic.”

Usually I’m quick off the mark but this time she had stumped me.

“What the hell does that mean? Become Orgasmic. How on earth did you come up with that?” 

We were sitting in a café inside one of the local bookshops in town. It was rare that we managed to have a day off work together so we took advantage of them when we could. Although we got on well as flatmates we were completely different. Whereas Cara preferred to browse round the bookshops, I could usually be found checking out the latest fashions. We had arranged to meet for coffee after a couple of hours wandering. 

“It’s a title of a book I read in a bookshop the other day. In fact, I think it was this one.” She glanced around. “I’m sorely tempted to buy it but I thought it would be better to try out some of the suggestions first before I parted with my hard earned cash.”

She smiled wryly. 

“Becoming Orgasmic,” she went on, “is a sexual and personal growth programme for women.” 

Cara’s pretty features screwed up into an expression of enthusiasm. I had forgotten how many times I had seen that particular emotion over the few years that I had known her. She looked at me, Bev her flatmate, with brown eyes widened with a passion of a different kind to the one that I wished I saw, and her rosy lips had parted slightly. God, she was so beautiful. So alive.

I, on the other hand, had my fair share of attention but I did not consider myself in the same league. I had shoulder length red hair and green eyes. Below them a spatter of freckles emphasised my cheek bones. I stood a couple of inches shorter than Cara at 5ft 6. My figure was trim and well in proportion to my height. I could never understand why she needed to change her life anyway. To me she had and was everything. I was the one who was lacking that certain something. 

I shook my head.

“You’ve lost me Cara. What the hell does all that mean?” I paused. “And anyway, how do you propose to become more orgasmic?” I stumbled slightly with the ‘O’ word. Not that I was a prude. Far from it. I’d just never heard of this before. I dreaded to think what people would be thinking though if they’d heard this particular conversation.

She was silent for a few minutes and I could see how much she was deep in thought by the intent look on her face. It often bothered me by how few boyfriends or girlfriends for that matter, she had. It seemed more often than not she was alone. I, too, was in between relationships but I chose to spend some time on my own. I believed that Cara’s poor view of herself affected her ability to find someone she felt she could love. 

“Well this book, “Becoming Orgasmic” tells of a number of exercises that you can do alone or with a partner. I can work with the ones alone obviously but I still need a partner to practice the other ones with. That’s what I don’t have. A partner.”

Ah that was it. A catch. I waited. She didn’t leave me disappointed.

“I had an idea you were going to suggest that, Cara. I know you too well. But why me? Why choose me to be your partner?” I knew I was a lesbian but I didn’t think she was. I couldn’t be 100% sure, of course, that she liked women at all; I had never seen her with either sex.

Inside of me my heart beat faster and I could feel my panties becoming damp at the thought of us together. I looked at her eager face and although I was excited at the prospect of helping her out, I couldn’t help but think that it would have a detrimental effect on our relationship. I didn’t want to ruin what we had. I felt comfortable with the knowledge that I could sleep with her in my head and I could feel safe with my feelings. I tried again.

“Wouldn’t it be better for you to wait until you found a boyfriend? Then you could bring up the subject of the book when you felt ready to, you know…um, sleep together. Practice the ones you can do yourself.” 

She didn’t reply so I figured she wasn’t too keen on the idea. I decided to play along for awhile. I was curious to see how this thing would end up. 

“Okay. How about showing me the book and perhaps we can go on from there.” 

I stared into my coffee as she ran off to find the book. It was easier to concentrate on the swirling white froth of milk than it was to consider what I was getting myself into. I hoped that she wouldn’t be able to find it. There was a part of me that didn’t want to go any further with this idea but there was also that selfish bit that did. It was that fraction of desire that was playing havoc with my emotions; wetting my pussy lips and instilling butterflies in my stomach as if this was a first love, new and innocent. My clit throbbed away as my body fought control over my mind. 

Cara returned at that point and triumphantly slammed the book on the table in front of me. It had an attractive white cover with reddish-purplish butterflies below the title which seemed apt considering what was jumping around in my stomach at the time. The word Orgasmic was in bold print and coloured red and it brought my mind back again to my irritated clit. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. 

“What’s up? “ Cara was looking at me oddly and I hoped my cheeks weren’t flushed red also. 

“Nothing.” I assured her. I had a look at the back of the book and read down the list of statements that the authors stated this book would help the reader with, a couple of which did not immediately apply to me or Cara. There was no chance that either of us were pregnant or nearing the menopause but I supposed that could also be the same of millions of other women. I had always thought too, that I was comfortable with my body and myself as a woman but I was interested to see if my views could be changed or improved.

I casually flipped through the chapters. 

After a few minutes of silence I gave her my thoughts.

“Okay. I’m intrigued. How do you want to play this?”

***

As soon as my words were out of my mouth, Cara had rushed off to purchase the book. We had then taken the bus back home. She had sat the entire time with a large grin on her face which couldn’t help but reach her eyes, it was that big. She divided her attention between me and the streets outside, hoping that her enthusiasm would eventually rub off on the rigid figure beside her. She could barely sit still for one minute. She grabbed my hand, already damp with perspiration. I snatched it away, and then frantically rubbed it on my thigh to remove the beads of sweat. I mouthed ‘Sorry’ as her eyes filled up with tears. 

“I’m sorry.” I said again. “I didn’t mean to be rude. I don’t know what’s up with me.” I did, of course, but couldn’t bring myself to say. Now didn’t seem like the right time. 

She took hold of my hand again and said that she would see me at home. With that, she got off the bus two stops early. I watched her go and thought that she was holding herself together much better than I was. I felt a quivering wreck with feelings for her that grew stronger each passing day and my mind trying to convince the rest of me that I was doing the wrong thing. 

I returned home sooner than Cara and was busy making myself a cup of tea when she entered the kitchen. She immediately switched the kettle off and held up the bottle of wine she had bought.

“I think you need something stronger than tea right now.” She busied herself getting glasses and retrieved the bottle opener from a drawer. “I noticed you’re all wobbly. Not like you at all.” She winked at me.

She still hadn’t answered my question that I had asked earlier that day. I was still interested as to why she chose me to be her orgasmic partner. 

“Well you are absolutely perfect. You like women so you know better than most what they like. You’re more likely to be sensitive and gentle and we know each other. Simple.”

I wasn’t sure that it was that simple.

“Surely knowing each other makes things trickier, more complicated?”

Cara stopped pouring the wine to look at me.

“So that’s why you’re all nervy. Okay, I should have realised. It doesn’t have to be complicated at all. We’ll just see how it goes. If it looks like things are going funny then we can stop, can’t we?”

She came over and put her arms round me.

“Look, I don’t want anything to ruin our friendship either but this is what friends are all about, isn’t it? Helping one another. Everything will be fine, trust me.” 

I smiled and Cara passed me a glass of wine. We made a toast. To becoming orgasmic.

***

It didn’t take me long to loosen up after a few glasses of wine. I did feel though that this whole situation was contrived. It had no romantic or spontaneous feeling to it. It wasn’t how I imagined it to be. I wanted to court Cara; to wine and dine her, to make her feel special. I couldn’t see how I could do that in this way.

Cara turned the lighting down low and turned on the DVD player so music played softly in the background. I sat in the corner of the room clad in my dressing gown. We had both decided to change into something more comfortable. Noting my empty glass, Cara poured me another drink and refilled her own. She knelt down in front of me. 

“So,” I said, softly. “What do you have in mind?”

I lifted my chin up towards me with one finger. I felt more like myself and wanted everything to be as good as it could be.

“Well, I’ve only read snippets from the book, but it’s a start.”

Cara stumbled over her words, licking her lips nervously. I couldn’t believe this. Only a few hours ago, Cara had been confidant but now she had started to display signs of nervousness whilst I had regained back my self composure. 

“There are a lot of things that don’t apply to us in the book, so I’ve chosen something that we could do together that doesn’t involve anything too heavy.”

I shrugged.

“Sounds good to me.” I brought my lips close to hers. She hesitated as if not sure as to my intentions but I quashed her doubts and ran my tongue along her bottom lip. In immediate response she thrust her own through my parted lips and kissed me deeply. My mouth was firm on hers and I could sense her struggle to draw breath. The passion I felt was overwhelming. Eventually I stood up and led her upstairs to my bedroom. 

We both removed our clothes and lay down on the bed facing one another. She whispered to me that we should just touch one another but not the most obvious parts of our bodies. Tentatively she reached out and touched my arms and shoulders with her finger tips. With gentle fingers I ran my fingers over her skin. It was soft and smooth. We explored each other bodies taking care not to touch each others nipples, breasts and pussies. Eventually Cara propped her head on one hand and closed her eyes. I could see her breathing grow deeper and regular and I thought at one point she had fallen asleep.

I whispered, “Cara?”

She opened her eyes and turned her head to me.

“I’m not asleep though I feel so relaxed. I love what you’re doing to me. It feels amazing. How can I describe it…?” She paused for a second before continuing, “…like the first time I ever masturbated. It feels so good.”

I ran my fingers over her hair, delighting in the sleek shiny texture and the scent that I disturbed with the warmth of my touch. Eventually she lay back onto the bed and placed her arms down by her sides. Now I had access to all parts of the front of her beautiful body and I lost no time discovering wonders of a new indulgence for me.

I followed the path of my fingers with my lips, kissing and caressing every inch. My tongue traced tiny circles savouring the saltiness of her skin as I travelled downwards towards her pussy. I moved my body closer to her so that my belly pressed into her hip. I wanted to be close; to melt into her heat. She must have felt the same as she entwined her legs with mine. Our interlocked limbs drew the lower parts of our bodies nearer. I wanted to press my pubic mound into hers so our pussies ground together. 

She moaned as my lips again found hers, my tongue probing within her mouth. Our kiss grew stronger and deepened with each passing second. We were touching still but no longer with our fingers. 

“Oh my god, Bev.” she murmured. 

“Sssh.” I placed one finger on her parted lips. “Don’t say anything. Just enjoy.” I moved on top of her and raised myself up onto my hands so my hair fell over her face. I placed one knee in between her thighs and gently prised them further apart. Her nipples were erect and I captured one into my mouth, sucking hard so it stiffened further. I moved onto the next, tracing a circle round the bottom of each, and then running over the peak with the tip with my tongue. Cara arched her back. Her movement forced her breasts further into my mouth. They felt soft against my chin as I suckled like a baby. My own hung down so that her stomach quivered as they brushed back and forth across her body. I gasped as my nipples became rigid and engorged with blood. 

I could smell the scent of her arousal as I neared my goal. Her pussy lips glistened with her juices as my lips and tongue passed through the perfectly formed ringlets of pubic hair. I passed by her clitoris to pay attention to the sensitive spot just below it. I rubbed gently at that spot with the flat of my tongue, listening to Cara’s vocal responses to my caresses. Every now and again I would flick gently at her bud, teasing her to an orgasmic frenzy as she writhed on the bed. As I sensed her climax approaching I moved down to the entrance of her vagina, sweeping up and down with long strokes, before going back to the small area below her clitoris. I delighted in the taste of her juices, warm and sweet and lapped up as much as I could.

Before too long I was rewarded as Cara’s body bucked as waves of pleasure ran through her whole body. I continued to suck and lick as her climax eventually ebbed away. 

“Wow,” she breathed. “That was something else…”

I clambered back on top of her and covered her face with small kisses. I stayed that way until her breathing slowed. She placed her hands on my waist and rolled me over until she was lying on top. She brushed the hair back from my eyes and whispered,

“Well, I don’t think we’ll need that book after all.” 

I looked at her with surprise.

“Why on earth not?”

“Oh, I’m glad I bought it because if I hadn’t I don’t think I would have ever found you, and I know now what has been missing from my life. It’s been sitting in front of me all this time and I didn’t even realise it was there.”

She laughed, and as she brought her lips back down on mine, I couldn’t help but think that it had been the sweetest thing I had ever heard for a long time.