 I would have never thought that something as innocent as learning how to ice skate at age ten would play such a major role in who I am today. I was a bit on the chubby side and a fairly shy little girl growing up, which was probably what kept me from having lots of friends, but still normal in most other ways, which I suspected is why my mom enrolled me in skating class. I wasn't nearly as excited about skating as my mom, who thought it would help in developing some self-confidence and maybe get some needed exercise. 

The first few weeks were painful at best. I was clumsy, uncoordinated and my social skills were lacking to the point where I usually skated alone. After several weeks I found out I could keep up the rest of the girls and surprisingly, was one of the better skaters. That gave me a confidence I never knew I could have.

As I grew older and progressed from level to level, I felt more comfortable meeting new people, somewhat more outgoing and certainly more competitive. I advanced to a point where I was good enough to try out for the Precision Skating Team, which is akin to synchronized swimming and was the quintessential form of "team- work" on ice. Twenty-four girls, all about the same skill level, dressed in the same costumes, the same hair style and makeup, skating in unison to spirited music for somewhere between three to five minutes. How cool was that?

I skated on several neighborhood precision teams though-out my junior high and high school years, traveling to local and regional competitions, and once to the Nationals held in San Diego. Even before my high school graduation, I looked for colleges that had a skating team, and I was fortunate enough to get accepted into one that did.

The competitive nature of college sports required long hours of practice and a great amount of travel, as the competing schools were all over the region. I spent many a weekend night in a relatively small hotel room with three other girls, and in such close quarters, you couldn't afford to be even remotely self-conscious. Four girls, one bathroom and absolutely no privacy leads to closeness few people can endure. There were only two skill levels in competitive skating at the college level; JV and Varsity. Being that I was only a freshman, I was put on the JV team which consisted mostly of freshmen and sophomores, while the more experienced skaters, mostly juniors and seniors made up the varsity team.

When we traveled, the room assignments usually consisted of at least one senior, and a mix of sophomores, juniors and freshmen, making a total of four. Towards the end of my first season, I was assigned to a room with the requisite senior and two sophomores. Although I recognized the other girls having seen them skate and at team meetings over the course of the year, I didn't really know them personally. This trip, the senior was Cindy, who at age twenty-two was four years older than I. She had a reputation as a free spirited skater with intensity on the ice that was obvious to me when I watched her skate. Cindy was an accomplished skater, great techniques, very confident on and off the ice, and assertive, something I was still lacking, and I really thought she could teach me something during our stay together. The operative word here is "teach".

Fridays are generally travel day, leaving by bus in the early in morning and arriving at the rink, hopefully sometime around noon. We'd do some stretching and warm-ups, then we were off to the ice by groups for our practice sessions. If you've never seen seventy-five or so girls wearing identical skating outfits, skating about, seemingly at random, you would be amazed that anything gets done. 

I, along with the rest of my team, waited patiently on the side watching the varsity team go through their routine, each time gaining more and more confidence in their program. 

I paid special attention to Cindy, who was by far the best skater out there. She had a certain grace in her movements; her actions on the ice flowed with the music, and were always technically excellent. I was envious, not only because she skated so well, but that she seemed to control the direction of the entire performance. She was gorgeous as well as talented. Soft auburn shoulder length hair, usually in a pony tail, sparkling blue eyes that seemed to glimmer in lights of the arena and a figure to die for, slender, well proportioned and I found myself captivated by her beauty. I was jealous I suppose since I still hadn't lost what I'll kindly refer to my "baby fat" in spite of all the hours I've spent exercising and skating. 

We finished around seven in the evening, stopped at a local restaurant for something to eat, and then went back to the hotel where we could finally rest. The room was somewhat larger than most we've had and consisted of two double beds, a folding cot and a hide-a-bed. We flipped coins to see who got which bed, and I ended up with the cot. 

After settling in our room, two of the girls decided they weren't all that tired and decided to go to a nearby movie. I on the other hand, was totally exhausted and couldn't wait for a hot shower and bed. Cindy, who was changing into her PJ's, said she was tired too, and just plopped herself in the recliner and started watching TV. I undressed, well everything but my panties and bra, and headed for the shower. It's not that I'm shy in front of other girls; it's just that I was a bit self-conscious in front of Cindy, who for me was very intimating. 

The shower was wonderful, the hot steaming water hitting my body, melting all the aches and pains of the day away. I shut my eyes and just stood there for what seemed like hours, day dreaming I guess. This was the first time in a week I had time to think of anything beside myself. 

I thought of Danny, who I had been dating for almost three years. I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be if he were there instead of Cindy, and I closed my eyes as I ran my soapy hands over my breasts. I could feel his touch, and my nipples grew harder. It wasn't long before my hands were between my legs, sliding over my pussy, not knowing if the wetness was because of my doing or from the warm stream of water, but I was fairly positive it was some of both. I kept that up, slowly finger fucking myself, my thumb pressing hard against my clit and I could feel my legs starting to get rubbery. Soon I had an extremely powerful orgasm. One that caused me to lean against the shower wall until I finally stopped shaking. I turned the water off, stepped out of the shower, dried my hair and body, and wrapped the towel around myself before went back into the bedroom.

When I stepped into the room Cindy was sitting cross legged on one of the beds combing her hair. She was still wearing her PJ's but I hadn't really noticed what they looked like before. They were a light green satin material with a short sleeved buttoned top; shorts so short that if the top wasn't tucked in, you couldn't tell if she had them on. On her they looked sexy; on me they would have looked like two sizes too small. 

As I walked towards the other bed, she asked if I would like to try the new body lotion she had just bought. I said "sure, why not," expecting her to hand me the bottle. She jumped off the bed, hopped over to the dresser to grab the bottle and headed back to me, telling me to lie on my belly and she would put it on for me. I was taken aback a little, but I just shrugged my shoulder and thought what the heck, I've never had anyone put lotion on me before, it sounded good. 

As I crawled up onto the bed, the towel shifted a bit but didn't fall off, and I laid down across the bed so she could stand beside me while she put the lotion on. My head was laying on top of my arms which were crossed, my eyes closed, thinking "oh my god, here I am, only this flimsy towel separating my naked body from this girl I hardly know." She reached down and straightened the towel, making sure it fully covered my butt, which made me feel a little more comfortable. I could feel her standing there next to the bed where my head was. The smell of the lotion she had permeated the air and its fragrance flooded my nostrils. The anticipation of what was about to happen set in, and I kind of flinched slightly when her hands touched my shoulders for the first time. 

She moved her warm hands coated with lotion across the top of my shoulders, then slowly over my shoulder blades and back again. Her motions were slow and deliberate, her fingers spread wide to cover more of my back. She began running them up and down the back of my neck and I could feel the muscles in my neck starting to relax as she used her powerful fingers to massage the sides of my neck. She leaned forward, moving her hands down to the small of my back, and I could feel her breasts through the material of her top touching the back of my head. I wiggled my body and she asked if something was wrong, but I told her "no, I'm just getting more comfortable." 

She laughed and started to walk around to the other side of the bed, where she began rubbing more lotion on my legs. She put a hand on each leg, starting at my calf, squeezing slightly and slowly moved them up and down my legs, from ankle to the top of my thighs, sliding them under the towel. The more she did that, the closer her hand was to my pussy, the more I parted my legs a bit further. I don't even know why I did that, it just seemed the natural thing to do; and I was enjoying it more than I expected.

She walked back around to the other side, near my head again, but as she was walking, she told me to turn over. I did it without batting an eye. I guess I was more excited that I thought, because I didn't notice that the towel covering my ass had slipped off, leaving me totally exposed and vulnerable to whatever it was she had planned. 

Cindy seemed to know exactly what she was doing and I was in no position to have her stop. Hell, I didn't want her to stop. There I was, laying on my back with my eyes closed, arms at my side and as calm as I've ever been. This time instead of putting the lotion on her hands first, she dribbled some down the front of me, between each breast and stopping at my belly button, where a tiny pool formed. The lotion was cold and I giggled when it touched my navel, which caused her to laugh as well. Hearing her laugh made me feel like she was enjoying the moment as much as I. It made me feel wanted.

She continued by running her soft warm hands across my shoulders and down along my arms all the way to my finger tips, where she intertwined her fingers with mine. She brought her hands back up my arms and down again, this time over my chest, one on each side of my breasts. I could feel the goose bumps forming on my whole body the instant she did that. She continued to massage my breasts, and finally focused on my nipples, which by now had hardened like tiny erasers. I wasn't a virgin by any stretch of the imagination, but nobody had ever done that to me before. I couldn't believe what she was doing, but it felt wonderful. 

I opened my eyes to look at her face, but all I saw were her perky tits capped with somewhat large cone shaped nipples staring back at me. I'm not a small girl; my tits are a full C cup. Cindy's appeared to be a smaller, a B maybe; but proportioned to her slender body and perfectly formed, and I couldn't stop staring at them. I didn't even know she had taken her top off, but obviously she had. 

I wanted to say something, but what? What could I say to her? I knew I didn't want her to stop, so I just closed my eyes again and let her do whatever it was she had in mind. She continued to massage my tits and then back to my neck, finally cupping each cheek with her hands, she leaned down and kissed me on my lips. I don't mean like a little Mother-Daughter peck, but a full tongue in the mouth passionate kiss. I had kissed a girl once before, but nothing like this. God it was incredible! 

What surprised me most was that I kissed her back; and with almost as much passion and intensity as she was kissing me. I put my hands on the back of her head, pulling her closer and opened my mouth slightly, allowing her tongue to probe deeper. And deeper she went, our tongues touching as she sucked mine into her warm mouth. Up until this point, she hadn't said much, but when she finally stopped kissing me, she stood up, reached down and took my hands gently in hers and said: 

"Jen, you're good skater and I think you're a really sweet girl and you have with a really sexy body, but if you don't want me to touch you like this, all you have to do is say stop, okay. I promise I won't do anything more."

"Stop? Hell no, I don't want to stop. Cindy, I've never done anything even close to this as you can probably tell by how nervous I am, but you've got me so excited by everything you're doing to me that I don't want you to stop, ever."

With that, she smiled at me, leaned over again and kissed my softly on the mouth and crawled up onto the bed next to me. Now that she knew that I was into her and that I was open to anything she wanted, she wasted no time. She'd just finished her appetizer and now she was ready for the main course, me casserole, and Jenna pie for desert. 

She sat up and straddled my thighs facing me, leaned over and began by kissing me again, but this time she use her tongue like a paint brush, up and down my upper body. From my face, my neck, down to my tits, and finally landing at my nipples, which by now were as erect as they'd ever been. Her tongue circled one nipple, while her fingers tweaked and pinched the other, bringing me to a heightened state of excitement, and I could feel my inhibitions start to melt away. The juices began to flow in my pussy and I reached up and touched her nipples with my finger tips. I felt her nipples grow harder. I watched her eyes as they seemed to glisten with excitement, her lips parting slightly as I heard her sucking in more air and it became apparent that was enjoying what I'd done. I gained confidence and squeezed them, following her lead.

She slid her tongue down my belly, exploring every inch of my body, and then sliding herself down between my legs, she forced her hands up under my ass, lifting it towards her. I instinctively bent my knees slightly allowing more access to where I was sure she wanted to go. She began kissing my inner thighs, sliding her tongue up and down and then over my moist mound, and as she did I tried to hold back, still unsure of all the emotions building, but still let out a soft moan letting her know she'd found my waiting cunt.

Using her finger as a probe she attacked my wet pussy, fingering fucking it as she continued her exploration with her wet tongue. She was licking up and down my pussy, finally focusing on my clit, which by now was swollen and super sensitive. I was so close to cumming, shaking and moaning with delight, everyone in the motel had probably heard me. She started going faster, and deeper, squeezing my clit between her lips when I exploded in what was the most spectacular orgasm I'd ever had. She didn't stop for a second, keeping her pace up until I had yet another, even larger one than the first. I took deep breaths trying to regain my composure, but she had drained every drop out of me. It was the best cum I'd ever experienced, and one I'll never forget. 

She lifted her face, looked straight at me and took her cum soaked finger, put them to her lips and sucked my juices into her mouth. I watched as she gave me this evil grin and winked at me, like she was asking if I enjoyed what she'd done. I was speechless, overcome with feelings I never knew I had. I had no idea that having sex with another girl could be like this and I so wanted to do to her what she'd just done to me.

She sensed that I wanted something and crawled closer until she was close enough to reach out and offer her still wet finger to me. I took it, timidly at first, then focusing on her gleaming eyes, brought it to my mouth. Once there, I began to devour it, licking it clean and proudly showing her how clean it was. We kissed once more and held each other tightly, but I knew now what I needed to do, what I wanted to do. She was more experienced than I and sensed what I wanted, which I'm sure she sought as well - allowing me to help her turn her over and be on top. I think I surprised her when I pushed her back down, this time as the aggressor and began to kiss and lick every part Cindy's body I could reach, from her lips, down to her ankles. 

I used my hands, tongue and lips to explore her tits and concentrated on her perfectly formed nipples. I could feel them hardening as I worked them over eagerly with both fingers and tongue, like a newborn suckling at her mother's breast. I was surprised at how aggressive I became, which was something so out of character for me, but I felt empowered by what just happened and I wanted her to have as much pleasure as I had to give.

I used my tongue to trace tiny circles around her nipples and little by little, slid my tongue down her belly, stopping only for a moment to tongue her navel. Cindy's hands were caressing my hair, encouraging me to move on, which I had already started to do.

I sat up, my outstretched legs straddling hers and started pulling her shorts down over her hips. She lifted her legs, making their removal must easier. I look at her pussy for the first time, and although I'd seen other girls naked before, none were as clean shaven and smooth as hers. And none were as tempting to me as hers. I scooted around, ending up on my hands and knees between her extended legs and reached over with both hands, running my fingers over her moist pussy which felt like velvet. I had never been this close to anyone's pussy before, the moist droplets seemed to dance around as my fingers slide across them, my own pussy responding as well. I couldn't take my eyes off her; I was fascinated at how beautiful and inviting it was. 

I used my fingers to explore her, spreading her labia with my fingers and seeing her swollen bud, I used both thumbs to tweak them causing her to give out a quiet moan. I leaned closer and flicked the tip of my tongue over her clit as my fingers probed her inviting cunt. I straightened my body out and found that I could easily slide my hands underneath her ass and lift her hip a bit; giving me unrestricted access to her now drenched pussy. 

My mouth covered her mound as my tongue darted in and out, fucking her like a cock on a mission. Her moaning became more intense and the more animated she became, the faster I went. I kept pulling her closer feeling the pleasure in her growing with each thrust of my tongue, each movement of my fingers, and each squeeze of her clit. It wasn't long before I was rewarded with her sweet honey, which I quickly devoured. I felt her take a deep breath, as her legs wrapped around my body pulling me nearer. Within seconds she pulled me closer and began kissing me, her tongue probing my mouth as I held her tightly. I lifted my head so I could look into her eyes and I saw the reflection of myself, happy, content, and fully satisfied. At that moment, I knew we both were. 

Her broad smile, her flushed face and radiant eyes told me she was pleased, as she lifted my chin with her hand and kissed me softly. I leaned my head on her shoulder and she whispered in my ear, "I can't believe you've never done this before."' My emotions got the best of me, my eyes started to tear, and I started to cry. I told her "I haven't, I've never done anything even close to this before. You are the first girl I've ever been with." 

She gently lifted my head back up and looked at me, "Why are you crying, is there something wrong?" 

"No," I told her, "nothing is wrong, this was just so unexpected, so incredible that we did what we did. You did things to me that I never thought possible in my wildest dreams." I didn't know what else to say to her, so I just squeezed her tighter.  
