 It was just a day like any other well so I thought.

Sunday session drinks with the girls a few bottles of wine down and more coming. Then I see her, the girl working at the bar, and she was stunning I could stop looking at her all I kept thinking was I wanted to at the least know her name.

An hour or two went past and I think I finally had just enough Dutch courage to go over and talk to her, but she was working so I would have to be quick, I was so nervous!

Although we were at a straight bar, I had an inkling she wasn't. So after a moment of pleasantries, you know the normal bar talk over wines and what not, I got the courage to dive right in and give her my number (bold move I know but sometimes you can't help it, some girls are worth the risk ) she looked up at me and smiled with my number in her hand.

Unable to get this silly smile off my face, I quickly went off back to my friends hoping to avoid any more embarrassment, within a few moments I received a text, looking down at my phone I didn't know the number, my heart is racing I look around to see if I can see her, she is nowhere to be seen, so I read the msg 'Hey my name's Bonnie, I've got a break in 10 min meet me at the back bar' I'm a flash of a second my stupid smile turned in to a grin. 

Checking the time I swear every minute felt lie it took forever and being unable to focus on anything else, I see her again walking over to the back bar and she was smiling at me! I couldn't believe my luck; such a beautiful girl really wants to talk to me. 

I know it was poor form to my friends but I excused myself from the girls said I needed to make a call and went over to the back bar.

My hands were shaking, I was so shy but by the second I got to her and we said hey I knew I had to have her then and there!

She said she only had a half hour lunch, I said I didn't mind but just being so close to her , I could smell her perfume it was heavenly. She was perfect. I couldn't help myself I had to lean in and kissed her, she kissed me back softly at first then with force and passion. I had never wanted any one more badly then I wanted her right then. It was like a fire in me had been lit and I couldn't stop myself.

I took her hand in mine insisting we go somewhere more quite. The bath room seemed to be the only alone place. Kissing the whole time I didn't want to let her go but I knew I'd have to be quick I pushed her up against the wall and locked the door, Kissing her neck moving down along her collar bone, she groaned she wanted me as much as I wanted her. With her body pushing up against mine almost begging me not to stop. I unbuttoned her top completely blind while I kissed her I only stopped just to look at how amazing she was even in the light in the bathroom. I couldn't believe I was doing this with my friend's just outside and her being on her lunch break!

Wrapping my arms around her to undo bra because I wanted to see her amazing breasts trapped from me by this sliver of silly fabric, she stopped me. I was taken back and out of breath, I wanted her so much! She pushed me up on to the sink, the next thing I know her hands where all over me under my dress moving over my body, on reaching my breasts my nipples so hard the second she touched them I felt like I was going to explode, her hands went lower running up my thighs.

Her touch was like electricity it ran though my body. I was so wet. I shuddered as her hand grazed my hot pussy even though my lace knickers I could feel her. 

God I wanted her, she was everything right at that moment, I could think of nothing else. All I wanted was her to be inside me and now much I wanted to taste her.

She stopped kissing me just for a second, just long enough to grab my gaze and look at longingly while she parted me and put not one but two fingers deep in me I was about to explode.

I had never felt so exhilarated in my life. She fucked me like no one had ever done before. Then dropping to her knees, still with her inside me and lightly licked my clit, I jumped at the feeling of her soft wet tongue dancing over my clit, I was ready to cum in that second, but she licked harder and sucked not stopping for a second. I couldn't stop myself feeling my whole body tense up and cum hard with the girl I just met while she was at work. But I didn't care I had never felt so good.

Once I realised where I was, I also realised we still had time and god how much I want to taste her, make her feel the way she just me feel. 

With not a second to waste, I pulled her up to me and kissed her this time with urgency I could still taste my sweetness on her lips. She smiled acute a cheeky smile, all I could think about was how much I want her! But this time I pushing her up against the wall and starting where I left off, although this time she let me continue. I put one had around her back while kissing and take of her bra, letting it fall to the floor revelling her beautiful perky breasts, I bent down to take each of her erect nipples in my mouth hearing her moan in ecstasy and her body squirming under my touch just made me want more of her. Still with the hard nipple in my mouth, I reached down and undid her belt, it wouldn't undo fast enough, and I was so worked up that I had to taste her now.

With the belt finally giving way gaining me access to her nether regions, I slowly start kissing down her belly lingering just above her underwear line, I look up at her with the cheekiest smile, while I'm pulling down her jeans to reveal all of her to me, I can already see she is wet so I need no more invitation then that.

I Pull her underwear off as quick as I can, I licked the soft outer lips of her glistening pussy, teasing and tickling, she could take it anymore, her body thrusting for more, just begging for me to lick harder and deeper, she smells so good and tastes so sweet. Slowly I push my tongue deeper her body opening for me, my tongue searching for and finding her swollen clit, just one slight touch she is in ecstasy, nothing makes me hotter than pleasuring such a beautify girl and hearing her heavy moans while feeling her excitement.

Not wanting to take my mouth away from her I move down further, entering her with my tongue as deep as I can go, I fell her pelvises tightening up I want to make her cum right now but I want to tease her some more too, I stop for a second just to go up to her kiss her hard. While we are kissing I place two fingers in side her, entering her slowly one finger at a time! Pulling her as tight in against me as I can, her breathing gets short and deep. I fuck her, hard, she takes everything I can give, and begs for more as I feel her tighten in on my fingers, I drop to my knees I want her to cum with my mouth on her, still with me inside her I lick and suck and nibble on her clit. I feel her cumming and she says my name she practically screams it, her knees almost give out, it was so intense. Together we fall on to the floor, kissing her body all over. 

By the time she's regained conscious again we relies she has to go back to work, so we get dressed and me not wanting to stop kissing her I find it hard to let her go, she smiles and leaves me to freshen up some more I turn and look at myself in the mirror, I was all dishevelled and covered in her sex and wetness I think I never felt more beautiful than I did in that moment, god I hope she calls me!