 It was a morning like any other morning. Shannon got up a little earlier than I did. She always does. And just as she did every morning, she gave me a kiss and started her day. She walked into the bathroom and I heard the shower start. I got up and put some coffee on, then walked back to the bedroom and picked out what I'd be wearing for the day. The shower stopped, the bathroom door opened, and she walked over to the closet where I was still deciding between a blue and green blouse wear with my suit. 

When she walked in, I turned to look at her and was instantly struck by her. In her silk robe with her brown skin still dewy from the steam of the shower, she was the sexiest woman I'd ever seen. I could look at her forever and never get tired of it. 

Like I said, this was a typical morning. This was our routine. But this morning I couldn't help but be awed by her. I couldn't help but pull her to me, and couldn't help but kiss her. 

I could tell she was surprised by my sudden outburst of affection. When I left her lips and trailed kisses down her neck, I could hear giggles as I pressed her to the wall of our closet. When I finally paused to look at her, the smile on her face was gorgeous.

"What was that for?" she asked.

"For being the sexiest woman alive," I said, and meant.

She blushed a bit at that, but it was true. She was breathtaking. I grabbed her hand and pulled her with me to the bed, kissing her the whole way over.

We reached the bed and I tried to push her onto it, but she wouldn't let me.

"Baby," She said between kisses, " Baby, we've got to get to work. You're gonna make us late."

I moaned my disapproval. I wanted her then and there.

"Noooo, we can call in. Please baby, I've got to have you." I said, pulling at the belt of her robe, trying to get at the skin underneath.

I managed to get the robe open and ran my nails down her sides and my tongue over her collarbone. I was rewarded with a low moan from deep in her throat. As I fondled and stroked, she began to breathe a little more heavily, and her body sank into me. 

I thought I'd almost convinced her to spend the day lounging with me, so I tried pushing her onto the bed again. But she raised another protest.

"I...c-can't baby," she said. But I grinned at her feeble refusal. When she stutters like that, I know she's mine. I just needed to be a little more patient. 

It was time to seal the deal. I ran my tongue over her earlobe, a definite hotspot for her, and whispered, "But baby, I want you so bad. I need you baby," before taking the lobe into my mouth.

When I felt her shudder, I knew she'd be putty in my hands. I kissed her ear and felt her lean into me. She let out a small whimper then softened even more in my arms. I smiled as I slipped my hands under her robe and slid it off her shoulders and onto the floor. I tried again to push her onto the bed. This time, she lay back willingly. As I looked down at her lying beneath me, I asked myself how I'd gotten such a wonderful woman to call herself mine. She smiled up at me as I pushed her hair out of her face.

"You are so beautiful." I said before bending to kiss her.

Just like watching her, I'll never tire of kissing her. Her lips are like a drug to me. My thigh was between her legs, and she began to grind against it gently while her hands gripped my back. It was my turn to moan when she shifted her weight to press her thigh between my legs, sending a jolt of electricity through my groin and up my spine. Soon she was pulling at my pajamas and I was doing whatever I could to help her get them off of me. She got them off and I shivered at the cool air hitting my skin.

She flipped me onto my back and pressed into me, but I flipped her back over. "This is about you baby. Let me take care of you." I whispered. I wanted nothing more than to make her feel good, and that's what I intended to do.

I kissed her slowly, enjoying the taste of her as I let my hands roam. I licked a path down her neck and over her collarbone, and then I made my way to her beautiful breasts. I circled the areola with my tongue before I gently sucked the little chocolate nub into my mouth. I loved the way her breath caught in her throat as I ran my tongue ran over her nipple. She arched her back, pushing more of her breast into my mouth as I hungrily accepted it. Her fingers weaved into my hair as she pressed my head into her. My hand found her other breast and kneaded it, pinching and pulling at the nipple. I switched to the other breast, thinking it only fair to give each one ample attention, and I take it she thought it was fitting too because she was whimpering quietly under me.

She began to grind against my stomach and I marveled at how warm she felt. I broke away from her breast to trail my lips over her neck once more. I found my way back to her lips and kissed her softly as she held my bottom lip between her teeth, smiling at the moan it caused from me. We broke the kiss and looked in each other's eyes.

"I can't wait anymore baby." she said as I felt her hand grab mine and slowly brought it between her legs, the look in her eyes telling me the need she felt.

I dragged a finger over the soft, slick skin, and she hissed through clenched teeth, her eyes glowing. When I slipped a finger inside of her, she closed her eyes and moaned my name. I love to hear my name on her lips, especially when it's to tell me I make her feel good. I started slow, wanting to take my time. I bent down again to kiss her neck, putting her lips right next to my ear. The sounds she made were driving me wild. She'd gasp or moan or whimper, call my name or tell me not to stop. Everything that spilled from her delicious lips was music to my ears.

"Faster, baby, faster," she mewed breathily to me, and I happily obliged.

"Feel good, babe?" I asked, knowing that it did. She moaned in response.

I added second finger, then third to my first, and her grip on my hips tightened. I began to push in a litter harder and she brought her legs to rest on my back.

"Don't stop baby, right there." 

I used my thumb to press into her clit and curled my fingers upward, searching for that special spot. I knew I'd hit it when she squeaked and hugged me tightly. I always love pleasing her, and this time was no exception. As she panted into my ear I reveled in the thought that she enjoyed the way I touched her. So when she began to scream, it made heart soar. She began thrusting into me hard, her hips coming off the bed. I quickened my pace yet again and she rewarded me with a near growl; it drove me mad. 

Her muscles tensed, and I felt her clamp around my fingers. I knew she was close, so I decided to urge her on.

"Come for me baby, come hard for me." I said, biting her ear lightly

"I'm gonna come..." she howled.

"Don't hold back baby. I wanna see you come," I hissed as her hips began to buck. 

She nearly threw me off of her, but I shifted my weight to hold her steady while she rode the orgasm out. Her hands wrapped around me tightly and so did her legs. And she buried her face in the crook of neck, muffling the scream that flew from her throat. 

She slowly came to herself and smiled lazily at me. She just gets more and more beautiful every time I lay my eyes on her. 

"I love you so much," I said as she grinned up at me.

"I love you too, baby." she said as I pulled her into me.

I held her while she slept and thought about how unbelievably fortunate I was to have her. I looked at the clock; we were both terribly late for work. We'd just have to call in. Because we deserved a day off.