 Paul parked up on the street in front of the neat two-storey house that his best friend, Adam, and his wife, Juliette, had just moved into. They had been married just over a year now, he thought to himself. It was a pretty nice house, set back from the street behind a gravel driveway, which was flanked by trees on either side. He was running late; he had offered to take Adam to the airport on the first leg of his mountaineering trip to the Rockies as their car was in the shop, but a long phonecall about shit going down at work - nothing new - and Paul's failed attempt at a shortcut had left him lagging. He rang the doorbell and didn't have to wait long before Adam answered.

"Yo!" The two friends embraced briefly in that stiff, masculine way. "You're late, bro. Even by your standards."

"Not guilty!" Paul threw up his hands. "My boss was gonna keep me on the phone as long he wanted, my plans be damned. Beside, you know I never can find your house."

"Ah well, next time I'll paint a giant 'X' on the road. Luckily we're still on schedule. Let's get the bags loaded. Oh yeah, Paul, by the way this is Lydia."

Adam gestured to a tomboyish woman with short hair who had appeared next to him. "Pleasure." she said, shaking Paul's hand firmly. She had large eyes and the hint of a cheeky grin on her face.

"Likewise. How d'you know Jules?"

"Oh, I volunteer with her at the pet sanctuary, and we just started hangin' out. She invited me for dinner and I couldn't say no....turns out she's almost as good as she says she is."

Paul chuckled. "That's pretty high praise. Although she mighta been saying she's awesome compared to Adam here, which is a bit different."

"Charming," replied Adam. "Y'see, this is why I don't invite him round often." he deadpanned eliciting a chuckle from Lydia.

"Where's the lady of the house?" asked Paul.

"Just clearing up in the kitchen," Adam said.

Paul entered the kitchen. Juliette was there, washing up some cutlery. She was a tall, beautiful girl, with light freckles, narrow eyes adorning a slightly pale, oval face, brown hair that cascaded in light curls over her shoulders, and a gorgeous body whose curves her jeans and long-sleeve top were doing little to conceal. Dear God, thought Paul, he wasn't the envious type, especially concerning Adam, but Juliette brought that side right out of him. It had been no suprrise when Adam told him that she had been on track to become a model in Los Angeles, before she had abruptly curtailed that career path and moved out to Wisconsin for reasons she had always been kind of evasive about. "Hey," said Paul, as always with a bit more seductiveness than he intended.

"Hey." she replied in her euphonic, slightly deep voice. "I see the chauffeur's arrived...."

"Hey, I do other things too y'know." Uh....I could've phrased that better, thought Paul to himself. Lydia then broke the awkwardness by entering and giving Juliette a friendly squeeze on the shoulder. "Adam's ready to go. I can finish doing those later if you want." Juliette smiled at her. "Okay, wifey." she joked. "You'll have to learn to talk to girls another time, Paul. Time to get my mountain-obsessed husband to the airport."

They went into the hallway and Paul flicked out his wallet. "Oh yeah, Adam, here's that $5 I owe you. At least I'm not late paying debts."

Juliette chuckled. "I'd hope not, not to Mr. Businessman here." Paul knew she was referencing Adam's advertising business which he part-owned, and the recent successes of which had paid for the house. "Anyway, let's go. I've been aching to get him out of the house." she said with a wink in Lydia's direction. Adam and Paul grabbed a bag each and loaded up the car.....

******

The trip to the airport was uneventful enough, and they made it in plenty of time. Once the baggage had been loaded into a trolley and Adam had his passort and check-in slip ready, it was time for goodbyes. Adam pulled Juliette into his arms and planted a long, lingering kiss on her lips. "Take care while I'm gone. That means no toast fires, okay?"

"Actually, I believe it was me that heroically saved the house from burning down. That fire coulda got a whole got bigger." Before Juliette could cut him off, he called out, "Lydia, I'm putting you in charge of firefighting."

Lydia smirked. "It's alright, Adam, we won't burn the house down." She turned and winked at Juliette. "Won't we?"

Adam mock-saluted her. "I best get going. See ya, honey." He kissed Juliette again and hugged her, and then grabbed his bags and headed on in. It was left to Paul to ferry the two ladies back to the house.

******

Later that same day....

Paul stood outside his car, patting his pockets worriedly. Where was his wallet? There weren't many places he could have left it. He had got some money out at the ATM by the Dairy Queen but he was sure he'd taken his card back and repocketed his wallet, he didn't do stupid things like that. It could have been a pickpocket but they weren't that common in this friendly Midwestern town.

Maybe he'd left it at Adam's. Now that he thought of it, it was a possibility - he had taken his wallet out to repay the money he'd leant, and it's possible he could've put it down somewhere. Yeah, he'd go back and take a look, it was unlikely it was there but better safe than sorry.

Ten minutes later he pulled up on the street opposite the house. He crossed the road, mounted the stoop and rang the doorbell. No reply.

A mnute passed, then he buzzed again. No reply.

Maybe Juliette and Lydia were still out. He opted to try the door, but it was locked.

Time to get creative, Paul thought, as he knew he wouldn't be able to relax till he had his wallet back. Looking round to the side of the house, he saw the side bedroom window was open, conveniently above the garage. As he was a good climber he decided to climb into the roof of the garage, quietly just to be sure. He snuck over to the window and peeked in....and saw a sight he was definitely not prepared for.

He saw Juliette was buck naked, half-sitting, half-lying on the double bed, braced against the headboard, while Lydia, nearly naked but for her boxer briefs, had her head between her legs furiously licking her pussy. Paul's brain suddenly froze. What the fuck?

Juliette was moaning. Loudly. Lydia licked her in forceful, passionate strokes, like a starving man devouring a sumptuous meal, and every masterful lick sparked a louder moan from the brunette. Paul's ears were sharp enough to pick up the words. "Yeah, fucking hell, lick me, lick me!"

Paul was wide-eyed. He turned, back against the wall, having to mind he didn't fall. Juliette and, and....Lydia? Oh no.....This has got to be a dream, right? With racing heart and breath, he turned and looked in cautiously. He cast his eyes around the room and noticed Juliette's panties and jeans on the floor next to Lydia's shirt and trousers, looking like they'd been thrown there. As he watched on in near-disbelief, Juliette grabbed her tits and began squeezing them, masturbating herself as Lydia pleasured her. The latter buried her face into Juliette's crotch and swished her tongue all over her clit, licking her right out, every lick increasing the volume of Juliette's moans. Soon she spasmed and let out a loud wail as Lydia's tongue sent lightning through.....

"Oh my God...fuck!" Juliette grabbed Lydia's head and pulled it right into her crotch as her throaty wail trailed off and her head sunk back. Paul actually pinched himself hard. Yeah, this is real. My God, Juliette's naked body was fantastic. Even sexier than he had imagined in his wildest fantasies. Her tits heaved as she breathed heavily, and he could see her sopping pussy between her strapping thighs.

Juliette hoisted herself onto her knees and started kissing Lydia passionately. They knelt on the bed, their tits rubbing against one another pushing them up slightly. Paul felt a sharp tremble of excitement with an undertone of horror twinge through him from head to toe. Then Juliette pushed Lydia down, pressing her whole body against her own, while working her lips lovingly against hers. Lydia ran her large hands through Juliette's glossy deep brown locks. The latter disengaged the kiss briefly and spoke words Paul's ears picked up easily. "Fuck you're so sexy. Let's keep going, I don't wanna stop...."

Paul felt his cock becoming hard and straining against his shorts. God he should have been angry but he was too damn aroused. He carefully pulled the front of his shorts down and released his dick. No-one could see him from the street, unless maybe they were actively looking.

The lesbian twosome engaged their thighs together and began to grind their crotches, working in rhythm so that their pussies grinded against each other. Paul was fighting against the urge to stroke his cock...but he couldn't. He reached down and loosely began to massage his dick slowly as his eyes drank in Juliette's naked body, his eyes darting between her perfect breasts, sweeping hips, and round, slightly large ass. Paul let out a moan but choked it back and ducked back. God did they hear him? Looking at them again cautiously, he saw Juliette kissing down Lydia's body, pausing to spend a minute licking her nipples, her hand reaching towards her muff. Lydia wasn't Paul's type at all, but her own body wasn't at all bad....she was slim and had nice breasts, which Juliette clearly appreciated. She pushed one of her long fingers into Lydia's mound and was treated to the reaction of Lydia opening her mouth and her eyes and face lighting up....

"That's right, Jules. Finger-fuck me like you did the other day....." Wow, how long has this been going on? thought Paul. Juliette had the bit between her teeth now and was screwing and twirling her finger into the other girl's mound while flicking back her hair with the other. "You've got it, yeah. More!" Lydia bit her lip and started to push forward with her pussy as if determined to pull Juliette's whole hand in. Lydia whooped as Juliette pushed two fingers right in and fucked her cunt harder and harder. Spurred on, Paul jerked his dick with increasing vigour matching the rhythm of her fingers, until the warm tingling feeling rose up and until his heart pounded louder and louder. "Yeah!" Lydia threw her head back and climaxed, then in the next second Juliette pulled her fingers out and replaced them with her tongue, licking wildly at her dripping pussy. Paul stifled his climax, wanted to drag it out. He squeezed his eyes shut and felt a drop of precum edge onto his finger. Lord help me....Lydia grabbed Juliette's head and pushed it against her vagina as the pretty girl munched her delicious pussy, imitating the lustful tonguing Lydia had given her earlier until her illicit lover moaned again. Paul could feel the electricity, he could practically smell it....

When she was done, Lydia pulled Juliette right close to her again and nuzzled her neck while clutching her hair tightly again, and was rewarded by Juliette running her fingers sensually down her back. "Mmmmm....." purred the butch girl at the feeling. She reached down, cupped Juliette's ass and gave it a squeeze before whispering something to her that made her giggle. A second later, Juliette turned around and placed herself on her hands and knees, her front lowered with her breasts just touching the bedsheet, her firm curvy butt raised in the air.

Lydia licked her lips at the sight of it. "Nice." She slapped Juliette's ass, then brought her face right between her buttocks. Paul heard the sound of her kissing inside her cleft, then saw Juliette jump and utter a squeal. She turned her head and looked bemusedly over her shoulder at her lesbian lover as the latter said, "Bet you've never had a tongue there before, huh?" with a devilish smirk. Without warning Lydia shot her tongue right out and began to lick Juliette's asshole making her gasp with a huge shudder. Paul couldn't take it anymore. He grabbed his cock and began to jerk off hard as his eyes drunk in the filthy sight. Lydia pushed her face into Juliette's rear and sucked and lapped at her juicy hole with her hungry tongue until Juliette was groaning. "Oh that's so good. Go on. Go on!" With a devilish grin Lydia smacked and flicked her right buttock before-

"Argh!" Lydia thrust her tongue deep into her butthole and began to tongue-fuck her mercilessly. Paul gasped again and jacked harder, losing himself, watching Lydia's head and tongue hammering away until the brunette shoved her hips back, grinding her butt in Lydia's face. "Fuck me....please!" Paul was near climax, he was barely even caring about being caught, this was worth it. Lydia slipped her thumb in Juliette's pussy and swirled it in her wetness as her tongue pumped hard in and out of her puckered hole, eating her out, going deeper and deeper until tears ran down her face. Paul clamped his teeth as the climax broke.....

"Aaaaaaahhh!" screamed Juliette as she juddered and pushed right back. Paul leant against the window frame, screwed his eyes shut and came, his groan of orgasm stifled by the fold of his T-shirt. Lydia buried her tongue right up Juliette's ass and felt her muscles contract around it. Sweat ran down Paul's face in great salty sour drops. His climaxed dissipated through his body as Juliette's groans died down. Despite himself, he thought grimly: next time I climax the same time as a girl, I hope we're in the same bed together. 

Lydia pulled out and gave her ass one more stinging slap. Then she leant over Juliette and started nuzzling her neck almost lazily. The femme girl turned her head again and met her lips with her own, smooching her again. Rick shook his head. It seemed his climax had shaken him to his senses; he was suddenly aware he had seriously pushed his luck and he wasn't sure if he wanted to see any more of this. As hot as it undoubtedly was....He climbed down off the garage, almost crashing on landing in his shaky state, and made it back to the car.

Paul shuddered and shivered as he sat there panting. He wiped the sweat off his face. You think you know someone, don't you? He sat there for a little while, then he heard a bleep from his phone signal an incoming text. Adam. He read, Paul! Arrived safely. Flight pretty turbulent. I'll call about 11, we're about to hit the road again. You good? 

Paul chuckled sardonically. Well I just found out your wife's bearding you, in fact I risked an indecent exposure charge watching Lydia give her the best orgasm of her life. P.S. I got a really good wank (as the Brits would say) out of it though. Part of him would loved to have answered with that, but instead he just ignored the message. Because now that he had recovered his breath and everything, those sexy images were edging back into his overloaded mind.....

The wallet would have to wait for another time.