 This is the second and final part to Being Curious. Enjoy!

*

She pulled her fingers away from me and brought them to her mouth. Her fingers were drenched, and I watched her lick my juices from them. I needed to taste her. I needed to please her. I wanted to fuck Nadia.

I grabbed one of her tits and began sucking hard on her nipple. I went back and forth between each one of her breasts. Lightly pulling on them with my teeth. I pushed her back once again. I took a hold of her white panties and pulled them off of her. Finally I saw my first real life pussy, in a sexual sense. It was beautiful. She was also completely shaven.

Her pussy glistened in the dim lights. All of a sudden I felt lost, as if I didn't know what to do, but then I saw her clit protruding from her pussy lips. It looked so inviting. I had to touch it. I kissed below her naval, down her to her pubic area. I rested my hand on her upper thigh and reached over and placed my thumb on her swollen clit. It was the sexiest clit I have ever seen, and I looked at a lot of pussy pictures on the internet.

She squirmed under my teasing thumb. My thumb made nice large circles around her clit. I moved my f ace in closer, smelling her mind-blowing aroma. Nadia could feel my shaky breath against her pussy.

"Please . . . " Nadia groaned. She slightly lifted her muff toward my lips.

I began to kiss her clit. First light pecks, and then open mouth kisses. I kissed it as if it were her lips. I swirled my tongue around her clit like it was a tongue itself. Stopping to suck her clit off as if it were her bottom lip. Nadia grabbed me by my hair and pulled my face farther into her. She was obviously enjoying what I was doing. I began giving her long licks, each starting point getting closer and closer to her fuck hole. She began lifting her hips so that my tongue would reach it. I placed my thumb on her clit once again and darted my tongue into her very aroused tight entrance. She jumped. I knew how badly she wanted to be fucked. I pressed my thumb against her clit and made slow pulsing circles on and around it. I began fucking her hole with my tongue. She tasted as good as she smelled. With my free hand, I helped my tongue out a bit and pushed my index finger slowly in and pulled it back out, then two fingers back in.

"Ooooh . . . oooh . . . Danielle . . . oooh God I am going to cum," Nadia cried out.

I sped my thumb up against her clit and I pulled my fingers out of her and stuck my tongue at just the beginning of her opening and laid my tongue flat against it. I began to flex and release my tongue, almost like my tongue was pulsing against her opening. It's a technique that was done to me and it felt amazing. Nadia began to pulse with it.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming ooh God I am cumming," she screamed.

I pulled away quickly and pushed my finger into her pussy and found the slightly protruding g-spot and worked on it while she was having a clitoral orgasm. Just as I thought she was almost done, I continued rubbing her clit with my thumb and her g-spot with my finger and very hot fluid squirted into my hand and she screamed again. She could barely stay on the ottoman.I thought she was going to fall off.

"Oh gawd . . . what are . . . you doing to me?" she gasped as she began to shake uncontrollably.

I worked her pussy hard with my fingers. I wish I could have been a guy for a moment and shoved my hard cock deep in her throbbing soaking pussy.

Once she calmed down a little, I pulled my finger away from her g-spot and just stroked softly against the walls of her pussy. I released my thumb from her clit. My hand with the finger inside her had a nice little puddle of clear fluid. I looked at Evan and he looked like he was about to cum, he lips were slightly ajar, and eyes were just slits. He was no longer touching himself. Probably because he didn't want to cum.

I withdrew my finger from Nadia and crawled over to Evan, with my hand full of Nadia's juices. He had a very sexy smile and a glitter in his eyes. He took my wet hand and licked out Nadia's cum/

"Mmm . . . She is tasty," he moaned into my hand.

"I know, that is why I shared it with you," I smiled.

I was leaning in between his legs now, my abdomen pressed against his hard cock. Because of out close encounters I have touched his cock before, but just on the outside of his pants. I wanted it so bad right now, and I didn't care about the consequences. 

I leaned in closer to kiss him. He was just a breath away.

"She smells delicious too." He sighed heavily.

"Uh huh," I nodded as was about to kiss him, but he pushed me gently back.

He stood and took my hand and led me over to the sofa bed. The bed that kind of looks like one of those therapist beds. Nadia still lay on the ottoman catching herself.

"Come dear, Danny needs you," he said holding his hand out for her.

She rose from the ottoman with a big smile. She was a little light headed and slightly staggered.

"Lay down, Danielle," she said to me as she reached the sofa bed.

I sat down and laid back against the head rest. Evan took my panties off for me, and the spread my legs for Nadia. I had a leg on either side of the bed and my feet were touching the floor, still wearing my clear stilettos. He looked at my wanting pussy and licked his lips. I could see in his eyes how badly he wanted to at least taste me. I thrust my hips up and spread my pussy lips so he could see my entire cunt.

He just smiled and moved away from me, and Nadia moved in. She got on her knees between my legs and crawled over me so she could reach for a kiss. She licked my lips first, then she dove her tongue in through my lips touching mine.

She left my lips and trailed hot kisses down to my own nipples this time. I ran my fingers through her silky hair. She pinched one of my nipples with her fingers and nibbled my other one. Each flick of her tongue shot electric currents down to my soaking aching pussy. I knew if she did this much longer I would cum again, but she stopped and continued licking a trail down to my ready, waiting, and wanting pussy. She wasted no time at all. Once she reached my hot muff, she plunged a thumb into my sexy hole. 

"I hope you like it," she moaned as she began licking and sucking on my clit. Her thumb pushed and pulled out of my pussy. I could barely stand it. It felt amazing. She worked my little button as if it was a little cock. For a moment I was wishing I had a real cock. She curled her tongue around it and fucked my clit. I couldn't lye still for a second. She was sending waves through my entire body. It felt like I was falling. I needed something to grab on to for support. I wanted to grab her hair but I was scared I was going to rip it out.

I think Evan knew what I needed and he knelt beside me and gave me his hand. I opened my eyes long enough to see him watching Nadia's work and it turned me on even more.

I was moaning and crying out, "Oh God that feels good . . . Oh my God, Oh God."

Nadia hooked her thumb and pressed the ball of her thumb against my g-spot area. She knew I was just about ready to cum. She could feel my tight pussy clenching her thumb, and my clit pulsing on her tongue.

I squeezed Evans hand tight and with my other hand took a hand full of her hair. I could feel my whole body beginning to shake.

"Oh gaaawd, here it comes, mmmmmmmm," I moaned.

My hips thrashed against Nadia's face. My whole body felt incredible. I couldn't believe a woman was making me cum like this.

I could faintly hear her say to Evan, "Look she is squirting on my hand."

It got really hazy for a moment, then I came around a little and groaned, "God damn it I need to be fucked."

Evan let go of my hand and walked away, shortly returning with the double-ender and the vibe.

"Good enough time to put these to use," he smiled, "Nadia, come sit your cooch in front of hers."

She did as he said. She got onto the sofa bed lying in front of me. We were both propped up on our elbows. Our pussies were so close to each other. I could feel the heat coming from her pussy against mine.

Evan had the little bottle of lube, and he opened it, squirting a lot of it onto the double-ender.

"For some reason I find it quite arousing to watch you rub a cock," I mewed.

Evan raised an eyebrow and replied, "Do not get any ideas, this is the closest thing to a cock I'll be rubbing besides my own."

Both Nadia and I giggled at his comment, but Evan continued at his task. Once the double-ender was completely lubed up, he placed one end against Nadia's opening. She smiled at him than at me, licking her upper lip.

He slowly began pushing it into her pussy. She began to moan a little. He pushed it in farther and farther until he could not anymore. A little over half of it was inside of her hot wet snatch. Evan began to pump it in and out of her for a short moment, enough to make her squirm for more. She began to thrust into his rhythm. He stopped, and he motioned for me to get my pussy closer to hers. Our legs intertwined with each others and Evan guided the other half into my own pussy.

It slid in rather easy. It was so slick and wet from the lubrication, blended in with my own juices from cumming too much. It felt so good to finally be penetrated. I pushed my body against her so that my pussy was pressed against hers. The fake cock was pushed so far into both of us. We began to hump each others pussies making the dildo move in and out of each other. It was a little difficult to get any kind of motion going together. I stopped moving, keeping the dildo in me. I reached for the vibe and turned it on. She continued to gyrate her hips, which in turn made the double-ended cock pull in and out of me. I used the vibe on myself, first on my nipples, making them really hard and sensitive. This time I watched Nadia riding me with the phallus. I watched her eyes, and she watched mine. This was sending intense vibrations all through my body, especially in my clit. I then moved the vibe down to my clit. I began gyrating my hips again, meeting her thrusts. The feeling of my pussy mashing against her wet hot shaved pussy was so hot. The sound of our wetness filled the air. I turned to see Evan sitting in a different chair that was closer to us. My eyes locked on his. His eyes were filled with pure lust. His lips were slightly parted and I could tell he was needing release. I didn't understand why he wouldn't join us, or let us play with him. Maybe he really did want to make this a night for me, and Nadia.

A loud growling moan that came from Nadia broke my gaze from Evan's eyes. She was ready to cum again. T removed the pocket rocket from my clit and leaned up and began circling her now very large clit. She began to thrash her hips forcing the dildo to fuck me hard as well. She began to come wildly.

"Stop . . . Stop . . . Please . . . Oooooh Gawd I am cummmmmming," Nadia cried.

I have no idea why she wanted me to stop, but I continued ravaging her clit with the vibe. She shook each time the vibe contacted her clit. I noticed a little quarter size pool of her liquid on the upholstery of the sofa bed. Slowly it was starting to saturate into the material. She must have had another g-spot, or she just cums a lot.

She tore the vibe from my hands. "Stop . . . It feels too good." She sighed.

With her other hand she grabbed the dildo and pulled herself off of it, and made sure it didn't come out of me.

"Turn over and get on your knees." Nadia demanded.

I did as she said. The dildo was still hanging out of me. She sat on the sofa bed, straddling it behind me. I was in the doggy style position, and she was ready to make me cum once again. She took a full grip of the double-ender and she slowly started pumping it in and out of my pussy. I started pushing myself back against her thrusts. It was feeling so good. My back began to arch, I wished she could get behind me and grab my hips like a man and juts fuck me wildly.

"Mmm yeah baby . . . I like that, mmm that feels so good." I moaned.

She began to pick up the pace a little, using her other hand to rub my entire pussy.

"Mmm . . . Yes . . . Harder Nadia!" I cried.

She began impaling me with the fake cock, harder and harder. I slammed myself back as hard as I was able to as well.

"Good girls!" Evan said in a dry, husky voice.

That was it, I began to cum again. I lost complete control of my muscle functions, and end up flopping forward. Nadia was still able to pump my pussy. I almost started crying cause of how good it felt. I kept crying out, shaking, moaning.

Then suddenly the dildo was ripped away from my pussy. I sounded my disappointment. I turned over and saw Evan gathering the toys, and then put them in a different box, which read "USED" on the side of it. I thought it was kinda funny.

Nadia and I faced each other again. I began to kiss her lips again. I told her than you with my kisses. She and I giggled a little. This is one of the best experiences I think I had, sexually, out of all my fantasies being filled anyway. It was incredible. By no means was I going to turn into a full-fledged lesbian from this experience though. Just maybe a couple more times on the side. Nadia was faǹfucking̀tastic.

Evan brought us our clothing. I guess it was time to go.

"What is your rush?" I asked.

"I only paid for an hour and a half, and the room is booked for the next hour and a half by someone else, so we got to get going, my pretty ladies." Evan explained.

We both sighed, gave each other a couple of more kisses, and we got dressed. As we were leaving the café, we said our good-byes to Nadia. She lived only a few blocks away, so she decided to just walk. We agreed that we were going to do this again.

In the cab ride home Evan was quiet, maybe cause he was soaking it all in. His legs were bopping up and down like crazy.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Huh, what . . . oh yea, I am fine." He smiled wickedly.

I was turned on all over again. But I knew I couldn't, and he wouldn't anyway. We arrived to my place, and he walked me to my door. I unlocked the door and we stood outside for a moment. Evan was behind me, fairly close behind me. I could hear his breathing become slightly labored, I turned around to see if he was ok, and it looked like he was staring at my ass.

"Are you okay?" I asked a little concerned.

He put his hands on my shoulders and whipped me around, completely facing him. He used his body to force me against the door. His face was less than an inch away from my face. He had an animalistic look in his eyes.

"Evan . . .?" I whispered. My heart was pounding out of my chest. I could not believe this was happening.

"I need you, Danny." He whispered in a shaken voice.

He pressed himself more against me and began to kiss me. His hand dropped to my thigh and he ran his hand up my thigh causing my skirt to ride up. I didn't care, and I wanted him too. He reached that hand around and grabbed onto my ass cheek and squeezed it hard, as he pressed his hard cock against me. Quickly he grabbed both of my legs, and he got me to wrap them around his waist. He opened the door and walked us in. Kicking the door shut behind him.

The door that we went into led to the kitchen. He set me on the kitchen counter and reached in and grabbed my panties and pulled them off. He spread my legs and got on his knees in front of me. He dove into my pussy and licked it like I was the best tasting ice cream in the world. The only thing I could do was hold onto his head for dear life.

"Oh your cum tastes so good, better then I have imagined," he said quickly and continued working my pussy with his hard, strong tongue.

He plunged his tongue into me a few times, each time wiggling it to give me a shiver. He sucked on my newly budding clit. I couldn't believe what I missed out on all these years. 

"Evan, I want you to fuck me, please fuck me." I begged.

He stood up quickly, and undid the button and zipper of his khakis and released what I have wanted for so long. It was so thick, especially the head of it. His cock looked almost purple from being hard so many times. I had to have it in me.

Evan didn't bother taking his pants off, or my skirt even. He walked in between my legs, and positioned his cock at the entrance of my pussy hole. He began to push into me, but he felt some resistance. He grabbed mu hips and pulled me into his cock, forcing his girth to penetrate my pussy. Stretching my pussy wide. He looked down and watched it go in me. He let out a deep growl before he hauled my ass completely off the ass counter, driving his cock as deep as he could drive it. I swore that was going to leave a bruise in my thighs. I loved him man-handling me. It's what I craved for all night. He backed me up to the edge of the counter, and began to drive his cock into with force. I let my hair down, and let my head fall back. Evan reached around my back and grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head even farther. Exposing my neck to him. While he pummeled my pussy, he kissed my neck. He gave one hard shove into me, and held his cock there for a moment as he bit my neck like a vampire would to one of his victims.

I screamed out, "Oh Gawd Evan, your so fucking hot!"

He dropped my legs to the floor and hauled his cock out of me. He embraced me and kissed me hard. He let go long enough to practically rip my halter top off. He softly reached behind me and unclasped my bra. Once the bra was not longer hiding my breasts from him, he grabbed them both, and squeezed my tits, and pinched each nipple. He lowered his face to my chest and sucked a nipple into his mouth, and then lightly bit down. Hard enough to make me flinch with pleasurable pain. I took the edge of his shirt, and he pulled away from me to pull it over his head. I kissed his chest, and licked each one of his nipples. He touched my chin with his finger tips and bright my face up to his and he kissed me softly. He was showing his carnality.

He turned me away from the counter top, and stood me in the middle of the floor for a moment, He unbuttoned my skirt and let it fall to the ground. I pushed his khakis off of his hips, and helped him take them off. We looked at each other all over.

"So this is what we have been waiting for?" Evan said smiling.

"Evan I want to suck your cock." I said almost begging, "I've wanted to for a very long time."

He put both of his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down on my knees. His cock jutted out in front of me.

"Suck it!" you growled.

I took a hold of his thick cock by the base, and I licked the slit of his head. It was oozing with precum. It tasted salty, but desirable. I rubbed my tongue along the glands of his cock, feeling it jerk with each up strokes of my tongue. I began to jerk his cock slowly. I allowed the head to go in my mouth, briefly. I swirled my tongue more around the tip, then down the shaft. Lubricating his cock with my saliva, to make it easier to jerk off. I brought my attention back to his glands, then I popped the tip back into my mouth. He pushed his cock deeper into my mouth. I let it go so far, then I pulled it out, while sucking it like a lollipop. Evan grabbed my head and began to help me suck his cock. I loved it when guys did that. It made me even hornier than I already was. I worked my hand with my mouth, taking him in as far as it would go. I circled my finger and thumb around his cock by my lips and worked on his cock. I wanted him to cum in my mouth. He needed to cum, there was so much built up in there.

"Ah, Danny, yes . . . suck my cock, fuck . . . yes . . . suck it." He growled.

I moaned against his cock, sending vibrations to that back of his dick. He pushed harder into my mouth. I tilted my head forward, which allowed access further into my throat. Once I did that, his cock drove further in, and another guttural moan left his lips.
