 I have to give a very very very special thanks to a wonderful editor and even BETTER writer. She edited this piece and I'm so grateful for that. Hope you guys enjoy this story. There is not sex in this chapter, but it gets a little hot. 

Enjoy 



August Lennon flattened out her long gray skirt, fixed her favorite white button down blouse, and put on her favorite pumps. She looked in the mirror admiring her curvy figure; her caramel skin complication contrasted with her honey brown eyes, and she had had a plump bottom that all her lovers captivated, since she was of average height. 

Even though she had a nice body, her face wasn't that appealing to her. Sure people called her beautiful, but they never looked her in the face. Her body attracted many, but that was all they saw. A body. Not an intelligent woman that's the VP at her firm, not the women that ached for someone to actually love her for her, and not what she can could offer. She made breakfast then grabbed her coat, suitcase and left.

She was walking towards her office when she saw a man sitting at her desk.

"Mary, who's that in my office?".She asked her assistant. She knew Mary was leaving due to being nine months pregnant and moving to Chicago. She was the only assistant she had in the past two years that she actually warmed up to. 

"Dreya Lawrence. She came for her interview. Remember? I told you Tuesday before you left." 

Dreya? August thought.

That is a weird name for a man. 

Mary was right though, Tuesday was her spa day. She usually forget anything that didn't have to do with that on Tuesday. 

She chuckled. "Oh yeah, you know my Tuesdays." 

Mary just nodded and waddled to the ladies room. August wondered what was with Mary's odd behavior. She blamed it on the pregnancy and walked to her office. When she got there she realized why Mary left without saying a word. This was a woman. 

A fine woman, she thought to herself. 

She sat down at her desk and fumbled in a draw like she hunting for something. But what she was really doing was taking a second to check the woman out. Even though she was sitting she looked pretty tall; she had broad shoulders, and small breast. 

Her face was flawlessly beautiful; she had skin that glowed with health with blue-gray eyes that seemed to sparkle. Her hair was fashionably braided and went all the way down her back. She felt her present, yeah they were in the same room, but it was strong. 

She quickly stopped staring and tried her best to get on with the interview. 

"So Ms.Lawerence, what are your skills?"

Dreya smirked, then Dreya smirked, then licked her lips making August shiver. "Well Ms. Lennon, I can word process, spreadsheets, presentations, calendar and docketing, interpersonal skills, writing skills. You name it." The smirk never leaving her face.

"Well I'm impressed. I also like your spunk; you're the first person I've interviewed since anyone found out about this job. How did you hear about this job anyway?" 

She smirked again.

Damn her and that sexy smirk. August thought. 

"Well, I went to high school with Mary. She knew I was looking for a job and she gave me a chance, now here I am."

I'm going to kill Mary, she thought. 

This time when she smiled, August heart swooned; she had perfect white teeth, and deep dimples; August almost fell out her chair. She heard a light chuckle and redness crept up on her cheeks. 

She cleared her throat. "I'll call you tomorrow since tomorrow is Mary's last day. You can start Friday."

Dreya furrowed a brow. "I'm starting already?" she asked, curiosity filled her voice.

August smiled. "Since you have everything that I'm looking for, plus more. And Mary put in a good word in for you so I think I'll give you a shot." 

I can't wait to strangle Mary, she thought to herself.

They both stood and August reached for Dreya's hand. She felt a stirring between her thighs that she'd never felt by just taking someone's hand, and she was as tall as August thought she was, a good 5'11 to August's 5'5. 

August knew she felt it to by the way her long fingers tightened around her small hand. August gave her a professional smile. She reluctantly let go and watched Dreya leave the room. She watched as her pants suit clung to her firm bottom. She was very masculine but she still knew she was a woman. Which August loved about a butch.

She walked out of her office, leaned against her the door jamb of her office door, and stared daggers at Mary. Mary didn't want to look up knowing the face she was going to get, a frown and a furrowed brow. When she left her head slightly, she saw that face she came to love and hate.

"So you sent her to me Mary." August said as she crossed her arms against her chest. Mary gave a half smile.

"Well, I mean... Um, it wasn't a match making thing if that's what you think. She's... um, a good assistant?" It sounded more like a question than an answer. In the two years she's known Mary she wasn't a very good liar.

Even though her heart was in the right place, August didn't like match making. It made her feel as if she couldn't get a date on her own, or attract one for that matter. She slowly walked up to Mary and wrapped her arms around her friend. She knew she couldn't stay mad at her, plus she was leaving tomorrow and she would miss her.

"It's okay Mary I know you, and I know why you try to match me up with people you know, remember that time you tried to hook me up with your cousin Ronda? That was the most low down thing you've ever done and you know it!" They both double over in laughter.

Ronda was also a VP at another firm. August, Mary, her husband Lonny, and Ronda, we all went out to dinner. Mary and Lonny made some lame excuse so they could leave and left August and Ronda sitting there, not knowing anything about each other, or having interest in each other for that matter. So they sat there ate silently and then parted ways as soon as the meal was over. August didn't talk to Mary for a whole week.

August went back to her office and started on some paperwork she needed for her conference on Monday morning. She loved her job, so getting lost in her work wasn't anything new. Before she knew it; it was close to 6pm. She went to Mary's desk and told her she could go home early. She gave her a hug, rubbed her tummy and walked her to the elevator. 

She would most defiantly miss her friend.

****

When August woke up Friday morning, it was just like any other morning. Got dressed, sighed at her appearance in the mirror, ate a quick breakfast, grabbed her suitcase and scurried through the door.

She woke up earlier so she could call Dreya when she got to work. She thought about her eyes, they way her full lips curved into that sexy smirk, the way her eyes burned into her own. She shivered and felt that tingle between her legs again. She wanted Dreya in the worst way, but she didn't even know her. 

I will get to know her, she thought, or at least try to.

When she got in her office, she found Dreya's file and called. It didn't even ring three times before she heard that deep, raspy, sexy voice. 

"Hello?"

"Um... yes, hi Ms Lawrence, it's Ms. Lennon. I just called to fill you in—"

"I'm sorry to interrupt you, but if you're calling to inform me on my schedule, Mary already called me and let me know." 

August swore under her breath; Mary needed to quit trying to get her a partner.

"Well, um okay, that's good. If you're planning to come in anytime before seven feel free. I'm going to be here already and I really need your help on my presentation on Monday," she said.

"Of course Ms.Lennon, be there in thirty minutes." They said their goodbyes, and August felt a smile touch her lips. She was going to love coming to work from now on. 

And as she promised she was there in thirty minutes. August wondered if she was just trying to win her over, or this was how she really was. She made a note to ask Mary.

"Get settled at your desk, and then meet me in the conference room so we can get started." Dreya smiled, nodded and went to her desk. August was trying to find ways to ignore the butterflies she got when Dreya smiled at her.

About ten minutes later, Dreya walked in the conference room. August tried to be sly and get a good glimpse of Dreya today, and boy did she look ten kinds of sexy. She wore a black suit with a grey vest underneath, womanly but still masculine. She had on glasses, which made August a little crazy; she loved a woman who looked educated. It was a major turn on, and boy did Dreya turn her on. 

As soon as Dreya sat down they got right to work. Dreya was all business which August liked, but she also wanted to be friends with Dreya. Maybe even more, it was just the way she made her feel when she looked at her or gave her sexy smirk. The way she tilted her glasses up when they slid down her noise it was just too much for August. 

August looked at her watch, and noticed it was lunch time. She always went to lunch with Mary, so she straightened her back and went with her gut feeling that Dreya wanted to get to know her, too.

"Ms.Lawerence, do you want to go to lunch?" August didn't change her facial expression the whole twenty seconds she waited on a reply. 

"Well, I already made plans to go to lunch with my girlfriend, but thank you anyway."Girlfriend? I'm going to kill Mary! Why didn't Mary mention that she had a girlfriend? She took a breath, smiled, nodded and told her to be back by one, so they could finish up their work. With that she hurried out of the room.

She felt a twinge of jealous, and pain. 

I don't even know this woman, why am I so affected she thought to herself. She kicked herself for even thinking that Dreya was attracted to her, or even had any interest. Maybe it was all in her head, or maybe she was just seeing what she wanted to see and not seeing what was really in front of her. No wonder she was all business.

*****

While Dreya was at lunch with her girlfriend, August ordered in and tried to get more of the presentation done. Not noticing Dreya leaning against the door jamb watching. Dreya thought that the woman was very enticing, and her mind was filled with such knowledge, she loved a smart woman. She smiled as she watched August grumble under her breath, brushing the golden brown curls from out of her face every five seconds: they framed her beautiful round face perfectly, and those eyes held a story.

Finally, August looked up. And Dreya acted as if she just walked in the room. August looked at her watch, and it was exactly one. Maybe the woman was messing with her mind on purpose, but she didn't want to lead into it for the same reason she didn't before, but she really wanted her to want her as much as she wanted her. 

They got back into all business mode; Dreya kept 'accidently' rubbing against her, and every time she did it made her body an inferno. She didn't look her way, but she could feel Dreya's blue gray eyes on her. Why would she be giving someone so much attention if she has a girlfriend?

I don't think her girlfriend would like that very much, August thought.

As they were finishing up, Dreya placed her hand on August shoulder. "I have a confession to make." When August didn't respond Dreya continued. "I don't have a girlfriend, I was just shy. I know I seem like the most confident person, and usually I am, but you are just too beautiful. I would like to take you to dinner, but if you don't want to because I lied before I understand."

August couldn't believe her ears, did she just call me beautiful? Maybe she wants to just get into my pants like everyone before her. No jumping to conclusions this time August, thought. That's what ruined her last relationship.

She and Janna were making out heavy on her couch, there was a lot of grouping and rubbing, but August just wasn't ready for that kind of intimacy, she wanted to be in love first. So she quickly sat up, and told her she wasn't ready, it seemed to upset Janna. Or at least that's what she thought; she went off on her and called her almost every word in the book. Janna just stared at her in disbelief, and got up from the couch and told her the words that would stick with her for the rest of her life. 

"If you weren't such an uptight bitch you would see that I didn't just want pussy from you, I could get that anywhere, but your just too insecure to see that. Don't call me."And with that she left.

August quickly rattled her brain, and got out of her daydream. And just nodded not trusting herself to speak. Dreya smiled her that million dollar smile, and left the room.

August sat there completely stunned for a good five minutes, before she could move Dreya came back in the room.

"I just made a reservation at this restaurant called Montrose."

"How did you get a room there? That place is always booked" August asked curiously.

"Don't worry I know they owner. What's your address, I'll pick you up at seven."

August found a piece of paper and jotted down her address. Dreya brought her hand up to her lips and kissed it.

"See you tonight gorgeous." August blushed a deep chrisom. Damn her caramel skin. 

She looked at the time and noticed it was time to go home; damn Dreya was good, she thought. 

She went to her office got her coat and her briefcase and headed home.

******* 

When she got home, she quickly hopped in the shower. She raided her closest; she found her favorite red dress. It came to mid-thigh, and was cut into a V in the front to show her perfect breast. She slipped on her 6-inch pumps that had cheetah print on them and made sure she put lotion and perfume on every inch of her body. She re-curled her hair so it framed her face perfectly and put on light makeup. Before she knew it the door bell rung. 

When she opened the door her jaw dropped, every inch of Dreya looked sexy. She had on a black muscle tee, and Levi jeans. With a burgundy jacket, and some Jordan's to match. She looked casual yet dressed up. They just stood there for a minute taking each other in. Dreya smirked.

"C-come in." August stammered, she couldn't keep her eyes off of Dreya.

Before August could say another word, Dreya's lips were pressed down on hers gentle yet demanding in the beginning. Then it became urgent and needy, August body responded to her so quickly, her mind could barely register what was going on. Dreya had her pressed against the door so tightly August could barely breathe. Dreya nipped on her jaw line and her neck, making her feel how much she wanted her. Dreya stopped herself. 

"August," She whispered. "We have to go before we miss our reservation."

"Fuck the reservation."August said drawing her into another sensual kiss, but Dreya broke the kiss.

She chuckled. "No, no, no, now." Dreya said sternly. "Let's go to the reservation, you'll like the food very much." 

"Tease." She mumbled under her breath. 

Dreya chuckled and retorted. "You have no idea." With that she winked and opened the front door for August. August sighed this is going to be a long night. 

When she saw Dreya's car, she was flabbergasted. It was a 2011 Nissan sports car; it was black all over, literally. It was pretty sexy; she looked the type to own this type of car. She opened the passenger's side for her and, helped her get in, or maybe she just wanted to feel her body again. Who knew? 

On their way to the restaurant they were relatively quiet, both of them had the same thing on their mind. They had to take things slow, and with them working together, it would be difficult. How would they act at the office? 

Well I guess it's too early to think about a relationship both of them thought. As they pulled into the valet area of the restaurant, Dreya shut off the engine. August was staring at Dreya's profile; she had a perfect nose, but had a little bump on the top. What she didn't realize was that Dreya was starting inattentively back at her, saying something but August wasn't quite sure what. She was too busy staring at those beautiful blue gray eyes that were staring back at her.

"Did you hear me August?" Dreya asked while smirking. August shook her head, Dreya softly chuckled. 

"Let's get out of this car instead of sitting here staring at each other; I'm sure the valet is confused as well."

August blushed profusely, and just nodded not trusting herself to speak. They exited the car; Dreya gave her keys to the valet and they walked into the restaurant together. 

They walked up to the hostess, and Dreya gave her last name and the hostess walked them to their table. A waiter appeared seconds later.

"Hello Ms.Lawerence, it's a pleasure to see you, it's been a very long time. What can I get you and your lovely date?" The waiter winked at August. Dreya cleared her throat.

"Get me the usual Kenni and the same for my very lovely date." August blushed again, if not for the hundredth time tonight.

"Well do Ms.Lawerence."With that the waiter was gone.

"Ms.Lawerence? Hmm. I'm guessing you come here a lot?" August asked looking Dreya directly in the eye. 

"Well, I use to, This is my mother's place." August just nodded. There something there, but she wouldn't push for answers. Dreya would tell her when she was ready.

"We'll, tell me about yourself." August said trying to change the subject. It seems likes that was a painful subject, for a later date.

"Well, I grew up in Long island, and moved to Philly to go to college. When I found out my mom was sick I decided to move back here, and help her until she passed." Dreya looked down, not wanting her to see the saddened look in her eyes. 

In the nick of time, the food came. And August was very delighted at Dreya's food choice; it was the same as hers. Bourbon chicken, teriyaki rice, with a special dipping sauce. August mouth watered, being around Dreya made her forget how hungry she really was. 

Dreya sensed it and chuckled,"Someone's hungry." 

August ducked her head, and blushed. She never had anyone make her feel so shy. She looked up to see blue gray eyes staring into her own. She fidgeted in her seat, trying to be very discreet. Not wanting Dreya to know the effect her voice, her eyes, her attitude had on her.

But Dreya already knew, she liked watching August squirm, and her beautiful face blush. She liked knowing by just speaking her name she would have those honey eyes staring at her with fear but also desire. 

"August..." Dreya finally spoke. August looked up" she seen hunger in Dreya's eyes, and quickly looked away. "If you don't eat your food will get cold." August looked at her food, she nearly forgotten that it had arrived five minutes ago. She picked up her fork, and took her first bite of her food, and moaned.

She looked up to see Dreya's eyes intent on her, her eyes were darker than before. The gray became more prominent. Without a word Dreya decided it was time to eat before she went across the table and ravished August. 

They were silent for a while, enjoying their meal when August finally decided to break the ice, and break through her shyness, and say how she felt. "Would you like to come back to my place?" 

She looked up to see mostly gray eyes gazing into her honey brown's. Dreya just stared at her for a while. She would love to see August's face when she came: have her whimpering under her begging for more, hearing her cries of pleasure. But she also liked this woman, and wanted a relationship with her that was not just sexual. 

"I would love to, but I have to be somewhere early in the morning." Disappointment spread across August face but she did her best to mask it and just smile. 

After they finished their meals, they decided to go for a little walk before August went home; they chatted a little more, and got to know each other a little better. 

"So August, why is someone so beautiful single?" August blushed at the compliment, but frowned because she wasn't ready for her to know that part of her story yet.
