 A story which takes place in the English suburbs between wives who have become jaded with their domestic home life and whose thoughts have moved in a different direction. Whatever they do though, it is a secret affair and only ever intended to relieve the boredom of conventional sex not disturb the pattern of their home life and marriage.

*****

Anna was married but Belinda wasn't sure what her husband was like as she was on her own when she and her husband Dave met her at a house party given by one of their friends. Although Anna was in her forties, probably ten years older than Belinda, she was about Belinda's size, had a very trim body and dressed really well.

Belinda didn't know why she was attracted to her as a potential target of her desire for a girl on girl, casual sexual relationship. She felt somehow that here was someone whom she might just be able to get into bed with. Anna had seemed on the surface that she might be interested when the two of them were chatting together and was very interested when during the conversation, Belinda told her she worked in a man's world and often wore work trousers, high visibility jacket, hard hat and rigger's boots on site.

It was this interest which made Belinda wonder about Anna. The workwear could possibly be the catalyst to this sex with another woman that Belinda had turned her interest towards and it had become, unknown to Dave, something that was becoming a major part of her sexual fantasies. She needed a plan and found herself getting mentally involved in the meticulous planning of the whole thing, especially undressing her for the first time and touching and fondling the bare skin. Her need to satisfy the urge often resulted in unusually hard orgasms when she masturbated after becoming aroused by what was happening in her head. 

It was not difficult to find out through other friends where she lived, so it didn't take a great deal of effort to work out which local supermarket she might have used. The lucky break was when someone told her that she always shopped for the household larder on a Thursday afternoon, so the following week Belinda sat in her own car in the car park dressed in her site gear, waiting. Her luck was in as she saw Anna park her expensive Audi, grab a trolley and enter the shop.

Following unseen behind her, Belinda took her own trolley and taking a different route, put a few items in it and contrived that as Anna went down one aisle, she was coming in the opposite direction, deliberately making their two trolleys collide. At the time, she did feel a bit conspicuous as women usually wear something a little more feminine when they shopped but she didn't care, she knew she looked good in her workwear and had taken a great deal of trouble when she first started wearing it to make sure it fitted well and it didn't sag in the wrong places.

The gear was part of her plan and she could put up with the disapproving or possibly envious looks of the other women shoppers and to some extent the flattery of the approving looks of the few husbands dutifully pushing their own trollies around.

For a moment, they stared at each other, Anna made eye contact and had a look of slight annoyance on her face and Belinda knew she didn't recognise her. "Anna," she said, "what a coincidence, I just popped in to get a couple of things on the way home, fancy seeing you. How are you.?"

The look on her face changed to recognition and she greeted her with a kiss on the cheek then stepped back to look at her.

"You said you sometimes wore working clothes, I would never have recognised you if you hadn't spoken."

Not wanting to lose the moment, Belinda asked her if she would have a coffee in the cafeteria but Anna had an even better idea which moved the whole thing forward a step.

"I only live just round the corner, why not come round to the house and I'll make us coffee and we can have a bit of a chat."

She gave directions and Belinda listened as if she didn't know where to go but five minutes later, both of their cars were pulling into the front drive of her large detached house. She helped Anna unload her shopping from the boot of her car and together they carried it through the house and into the kitchen. As Anna made the coffee, they chatted, mainly small talk about the neighbourhood and about Anna's husband who was a commercial helicopter pilot. At the moment, he was working in the Middle East on a contract and came home every couple of weeks for a few days then flew back. Anna had a good income as a result and although she didn't have to work, she did do a couple of mornings a week for some charity or another. Her two children were away from home, the elder daughter in her first year at university and the son at boarding school. 

Suddenly Anna said "Do you fancy a swim? We have an indoor pool and I nearly always jump in at this time. I can find you a swimsuit."

Belinda couldn't believe the way this was going. She felt she had read the signs correctly. "Oh, I'd love that, it must be really good to have a pool in the house, I have to go down the gym to swim usually after I've had a bit of a workout."

"Come on through then and let's get wet." She called over her shoulder, a cheeky grin on her face as she turned to walk though into the pool area.

Not sure how to take this as it was almost certainly an innuendo, Belinda got the point if it, but wait a minute, it was she that was supposed to be doing the chasing and looking forward to the seduction of the older woman on her terms. Perhaps it was time to play the innocent and let whatever happens, happen. With this in mind, Belinda demurely followed her through the house until she walked into a quite large pool area covered by a conservatory with a view out onto the secluded garden.

From a bench seat, Anna picked up a large fluffy white towel and pointed to a small shower room. "If you want to get undressed, I'll get a swimsuit for you. I think we are about the same size and I've got several spares, won't be long."

Slipping out of her clothes was easy and within a couple of minutes, she was naked and wrapping the towel round her modestly, she thought, ready to play a little hard to get but she still wasn't really sure that Anna had designs on her and that perhaps she was reading it wrongly. The body language though showed that she might be a willing partner in the adventure that Belinda was hoping for.

Her daydreaming ended abruptly when Anna appeared in the doorway, already changed into a neat little two piece and was handing her a similar two piece swimsuit to put on. Taking the garments from her outstretched hand, she began to put the lower half on struggling to get into it without letting the towel slip. Anna hadn't turned away and was watching Belinda intently and it was clear at that moment she was more than a casual observer, her eyes almost devoured her.

Once Belinda had the bottom part on, she turned her back on this person who was paying so much attention to her and dropped the towel to put the top on, fumbling with the clip at the back until she felt hands on her back helping to fasten it. The hands dropped to her waist once the clip was secure and lingered just a little longer than they should have. Belinda shivered involuntarily, jumping slightly from the unexpected but not unpleasant contact.

"Sorry, were my hands cold.?" she asked.

"No, not at all," Belinda replied with a smile, "it just made me jump a bit that's all."

Jump, that wasn't the word for it, she was tingling all over and felt like grabbing Anna and pulling her towards her but that wasn't the call, she still wasn't sure of the response she might get as this was to be Belinda's seduction of Anna, if not to-day then soon. Part of the excitement she wanted would be in the build up and the finality of lovemaking.

As quick and as exciting as the initial touch was, the moment passed and together they walked towards the pool and slipped into the warmth of the water and began swimming around, both aware of each other but although swimming together, not making any bodily contact but laughing and splashing around with each other, both women tested the compliancy of the other. There was one point when Anna walked through the water in the shallow part to where Belinda was standing resting and managed to get behind her and pull her backwards and slightly off balance. Her hands were on Belinda's bare waist and laughingly she whispered in her ear "My hands are warm now." before swimming away.

When they struck out across the pool to climb out, it was more or less by mutual consent as Anna was right behind her on the ladder, picking up the towel from the floor, she threw it towards Belinda, now standing on the pool side. She took a similar towel for herself and briskly rubbed at her hair, flicking her head and lifting it from the nape of her neck but not taking her eyes off Belinda as she ran the towel through her wet hair and then down drying her stomach and legs. Confident that she liked what she saw Belinda wanted to tease a bit more but before she could, Anna put her towel around her shoulders and then reaching round behind herself, undid the clip and pulled the tie at the neck and allowing her top to drop to the floor exposing her breasts to Belinda's view.

Immediately Belinda averted her gaze in a little show of embarrassment, but not before she caught a glimpse of dark nipples. Entering into the moment, Belinda turned her back on the now topless woman and fumbled with the catch waiting, as she knew it would come, for a helping hand to unhook her followed again by that intimate touch on her waist. It happened exactly as she was sure it would and without stepping back Anna started to gently rub dry Belinda's back and shoulders, making her lift her arms slightly and gently rub the sides of her breasts before handing the towel back to her. When she had finished, she turned Belinda towards her and then turned herself so that Belinda could dry her.

Would Belinda's compliance be enough of a signal to Anna and convince her that she might go a bit further in her seduction. They had finally turned to face each other, their breasts free. Anna made no attempt to cover herself and Belinda just loved the sight of such beautiful dark nipples and the slight sagging of her mature breasts.

Still pretending modesty, Belinda had her arm across in front of her covering as much of her breasts as possible but Anna knew that she was spending a little more time than she should with her eyes on her and taking her chance, reached across and pulled Belinda's arm away so that she would let it fall to her side. Belinda did not resist and they were both bare breasted just standing quietly, looking at each other.

It was all Belinda could do to stop herself reaching out for her but resist she did until slowly Anna's hand came up to just tease her nipple. It immediately sprang to life, hardening with the touch and as she moved the hand across to do the same to the other nipple, that also hardened under her teasing. Belinda let her touch and fondle for a while, exploring her firmness, now with both hands, without her making a move other than to gently sway her body as the hands stroked and fondled. 

"Do you mind me touching you?" It was almost a gasp as Anna posed the question.

Belinda didn't answer, but looked into her eyes and smiled, watching her lick her lips, knowing that she wanted more. Slowly Belinda moved her face towards Anna and then just waited, her lips slightly parted and her eyes closed. She felt a mouth on hers in a soft kiss, a hand behind her head lifting her hair and pulling her face close. Their lips continued to touch each other, the soft moistness on each other, just the tip of Anna's tongue running across but not attempting to enter her mouth.

They broke gently apart "You OK?" Anna asked softly.

This time Belinda answered. "Yes."

Taking her by the hand, Anna moved towards the door into the house and into the lounge. They stood in the comparative darkness as it was now getting on towards early evening as she once more moved towards Belinda and began a gentle fondling of her breasts, kissing her, softly at first, but then more forcefully as her tongue pushed its way past her lips. It was time for Belinda to respond, already she was breathing fairly hard and she moved her hands up to hold Anna around the waist and at the same time, meeting the tongue with her own as they kissed. She felt Anna's hands drop and grabbing her hands, pulled them up from her waist up to her breasts.

"Pull my nipples." she almost growled at her. "Pinch them hard."

Belinda had already realised that it was her that was being seduced by Anna despite her plans to the contrary but it didn't matter, so she did as she instructed and she could feel the excitement building. Her own excitement had reached the point where she wanted to feel Anna touching and playing with her clit, sliding her fingers though her wetness.

"Do me." she thought and broke the contact to step back and see what happened. Anna was a little surprised at her breaking away from her but she was too far gone now to worry about her having some sort of guilt crisis and pushed Belinda firmly down so that she was sitting on her luxurious couch, the lower half of her wet costume dampening the fabric beneath her. Belinda allowed her legs to fall open and then Anna was pulling the costume down over her feet, not only wet from the pool but seeped in her sexual secretions.

"Take yours off as well" Belinda said.

Reaching forwards, Belinda undid the ties at each side and Anna's bottom half fell to the floor. Encouraged by this move, Anna dropped to her knees in front of Belinda, pulling her legs apart, her face only inches from that so sensitive part. Belinda could feel Anna's breath on the wetness, a slight chill of excitement going through her as the face got closer and the breathing heavier.

As she looked down at her, Belinda could see that she was staring up into her face, making an intimate eye contact and looking at her almost without blinking for what seemed an age. Her tongue just slightly forward of her lips, imperceptibly moving, moistening them, like a serpent, tasting the aroma, absorbing it into her body but still she hadn't made that final move until, with a move which caused Belinda to jump, she pushed her mouth forwards and made that delicious sexual contact.

Belinda wasn't far from orgasm, she knew that the tongue which had so easily found her erect clitoris, could so easily do it for her, but she couldn't stop Anna now, she was gradually climbing that oh so beautiful ladder. Anna was doing everything right and she knew that Belinda was coming, she watched her face, Belinda's eyes were so tightly screwed up with the exquisite feeling, her toes curling under with muscular tightness that she was feeling in her lower limbs, trying hard to get closer to that insistent tongue, those hands around her thighs pulling her tight to her until she exploded, fireworks going off in her head and she heard herself shouting that she was coming.

They lay there with Anna's mouth still in contact with her and making her jump every time the tongue darted out to touch her. At last Anna moved up Belinda's naked body, once more putting Belinda's hands on her breasts and telling her to squeeze and pinch her nipples. Rolling onto her back on the couch, she ordered her to keep on squeezing and pulling at her as her own hands went down to between her legs and she began to masturbate. Belinda continued with her breasts but just had to put her head down and bring her to the same climax that she herself had just reached. She moved downwards and pushing aside the fingers started to taste her and lick at her. She got more and more bold, her tongue pressing into Anna and pushing hard on her clitoris which brought a deep groan from her every time she did it.

"Oh my God, I'm coming," she called out between her moans grabbing at Belinda's hands and pushing her towards her nipples "keep doing that, pull my nipples, do it hard, Oh God, I'm coming."

Belinda thought she would buck off the couch, her orgasm was so violent and strong, she was jumping about in huge pulsations, until she slowly subsided, just small electric jerks of her legs until eventually Belinda pulled herself up alongside her and kissed and nibbled her nipples with her teeth. That was enough to revive her excitement and as Belinda bit and sucked, Anna actually had another orgasm without any contact between her legs. Belinda could hear the slight bubbling noise from her vagina as it pulsed with the spontaneous orgasm.

Eventually, Anna pulled her back up to her face and they lay together there kissing in the dark.

"Can you stay the night?" she asked.

Dave had his meeting at head office so was away for the night and it had been part of her plan to at least be late home from work but this was even better. "Yes, Dave is away tonight so I'll just give him a ring then we have the night to ourselves. I guess your man is away as well.".

Belinda walked out naked into the pool shower room and grabbed her clothes up, taking them back into the lounge. The lights were on dimly and the gas feature fire had burst into life so she dialled up Dave and they had a chat about what sort of day he'd had and what sort of day she had had, carefully leaving out any reference to Anna. Then a "Goodnight." and that was that.

Anna was in the kitchen, there was a ping from the microwave and she came through with a couple of glasses of wine and a ready meal pasta which was not very exotic but the wine was great. Belinda felt a bit exposed eating in the nude but after they had finished off most of a second bottle of wine, they were both very relaxed.

"Come on upstairs." she invited and together they made their way up the staircase and into a huge bathroom with a double ended roll top bath. "Will you join me?" Without waiting for a reply, she turned on the water, poured in some bubble bath essence, lit a few candles and turned out the main light.

They climbed in and sat end to end just looking at each other, mellow with the wine.

"Do you always do your guests?" Belinda asked jokingly.

"Only when they turn me on like you do, what about you, do you always do your host?"

"Only when they are as exciting as you" Belinda replied not really wanting to give away all her most secret thoughts.

They chatted for a while and caressed each other with the soft soapy sponge until the water began to get cool and then they climbed out and dried each other. It was sensual and erotic and they made their way to her bedroom, soft and slightly aroused knowing that they had all night to satisfy each others needs.

Whether it was the wine or the warmth of the bath but as they got into the bed and kissed, Belinda actually drifted off to sleep. She wasn't asleep for long though as she, for some reason, felt a little apprehensive with her new lover and through the headiness of the wine she gradually came to her senses. Her apprehension was well founded as when she managed to get her senses together, she found her wrists were tied with soft silk scarves one to each side of the bed head. As she opened her eyes and realised she was tied, there was a panic for a few seconds and then she saw Anna at the foot of the bed.

"Play the game with me Belinda, I promise I won't hurt you."

She nodded in agreement and with that, Anna turned and left the room, leaving her once more feeling a little vulnerable as although she was covered by the softness of the sheet she was naked beneath it. Within a short while, she was back and was wearing Belinda's work clothes, her pocketed trousers and shirt with her hi-vis padded jacket and her heavy duty protective boots. Belinda knew she was attracted to her work clothing, she guessed it gave a bit of a power message and she wanted to feel it for herself and then with Belinda sublimated on the bed and under her control, that was the icing on the cake so to speak.
