 Belinda got out of bed first, and sleepily made her way to the bathroom and took a slow shower, preparing herself for the day ahead. Afterwards, she sat at the mirror and rubbed her hair with the towel and then tried to blow dry some shape back into it. She did have some success as her hair was naturally soft and well cut. Hearing a noise behind her after she had switched off the dryer, she looked over her shoulder and saw that Sue was sitting up, her knees pulled up and leaning on her elbows watching her. The bed sheet had fallen into her lap but her breasts were bared to the morning light and Belinda's appreciative gaze.

"Good morning sleepy head" She said with a smile.

Sue continued to look at her and said at last, "Did that all happen last night or did I dream it?." Flinging back the covers she put her hand between her legs and felt herself and answered her own question "Yes it did didn't it."

Belinda couldn't resist her a minute longer and got up and walked towards her and kissed the morning sleep from her eyes, finally kissing her on the lips. "Come on sexy, get that ass into the shower and we'll go down for some breakfast."

They made it for breakfast, a little late perhaps but the dining room was still crowded but they found a table to themselves and had toast and a little scrambled egg. The Orange juice was superb, made from fresh oranges and squeezed in some sort of machine and chilled to perfection. They sat idly looking around at the other hotel guests. Parents with children, couples, a few fat women, a few thin women. In reality though the two they were only interested in each other.

Belinda broke the silence first, "What would you like to do this morning, fancy getting a taxi to the shops, we could just walk about and see what we can see?"

Sue thought about it for a minute and then said "OK, I'm up for that but I will need a siesta after lunch." She squeezed Belinda's thigh and it was clear what she meant.

Belinda was so enjoying this woman, it was as if she had turned from a prim and proper young lady to an insatiable, sexy and desirable plaything overnight.

"I'm liking you," Belinda replied. "I can't believe how much I'm turned on by you," and leaning over, just for her ears, whispered "I'm going to get inside your pants and fuck you stupid."

"That's a date" Sue said.

They did actually make it into town, about a twenty minute taxi ride away and spent the morning doing girly things. Belinda found a little perfumery and bought a bottle of sweet smelling massage oil and a bottle of scented bath oil. Sue looked at her as the shop assistant popped the purchases into a little carrying bag and mouthed at her "Naughty girl" She took Belinda's hand which the girl had rubbed a sample of the body oil into and took a deep breath.

"I can't wait" she said.

Jokingly, Belinda said "It's not for you." but Sue knew she was lying and they both giggled.

They weren't sure if the girl behind the counter understood what was going on as she looked down at the bag and then at them both giggling in a fairly intimate way. Belinda didn't know how good her English was but she looked across the counter at her as she paid and said "It's OK, we're lesbians."

"Stop it Lin," Sue said, "You're teasing her."

The girl looked at them both and with a smile, handed over the bag and watched as they left the shop with an interested look on her face. Belinda guessed that 'lesbian' works in most languages.

The cobbled market place close by which was dominated by a huge cathedral, had a nice little bistro. They had a light pasta and salad lunch outside and just watched the world go by, relaxing and feeling good. The breeze was cool and it was just delightful. There was a little tourist card shop opposite where they were sitting so as they got up to leave Belinda headed across and bought a couple of cards, they also had a range of scented candles so she thought 'why not,' and sorted out a few for later. 'it's going to be a long afternoon.' as she came out into the sunlight to meet Sue.

***************************************

At last the cab pulled up in front of the hotel. The ride had been uneventful and they had been very restrained as the driver spent as much time looking into the back of the cab with his interior mirror as he spent watching the road. He was fat and sweaty so they were quite glad to get away from his constant staring.

Belinda needed to go to the toilet however and not the sort she wanted to share with Sue so she gave her the packages she was carrying and said that she had a couple of things to do downstairs and said to her to go on up to the room and she would only be a couple of minutes. 

"Keep you clothes on till I get there though." she told her. 

With a nod, she said "Hurry up then" and went towards the lift.

As soon as she was out of sight, Belinda made a beeline for the ladies and quickly or as quickly as she could, carried out her bodily function, cleaned herself up, washed her hands and headed for the dining room which was empty apart from a couple of old ladies taking tea and grabbed two huge glasses of fresh orange from the machine.

She found a waitress and asked if she could have a tray. The Spanish girl had no idea what she was asking for so they played charades for a minute or so until the penny dropped and she extracted one from under the desk.

In her best tourist three words of Spanish Belinda said "Gracias" But had no idea what the reply was, the waitress must have known that she didn't speak Spanish otherwise Belinda would have been able to ask her for a tray. The one sided conversation over, she left and headed towards the lifts.

Scratching on the room door with her fingernails a little voice came from inside "Who is it?"

"Room service. " she answered, "I've come to service somebody." hoping that the adjacent rooms were unoccupied but if they were they couldn't hear her.

"Is it me?" the little voice said

"It is, can I come in and make a start?" ' Looks like we have a little game going' she thought, her body already anticipating what she had planned.

The door opened and the little dark haired minx standing there said, without standing aside, "You need a key to enter."

Belinda looked down and saw that she had lifted her skirt and pulled her pantie leg to one side so with the tray balanced in one hand, with her free hand, she reached forward and slipped the tip of a finger into that inviting keyhole.

"Does this fit?"

"A perfect fit you're welcome." and she stood aside for her to come in.

She put the tray down with the orange juice and pulled her close. They kissed softly, their lips parted, Sue nipping at Belinda's bottom lip with her teeth, then an exploratory tongue came into her mouth and the need for her began to overtake her once more. Hungrily they sought out each other's lips and mouth, kissing that so delicate spot at the side of the neck, tongues extended, shivering with the excitement of their togetherness hardly able to breathe, their hearts seeming to be jumping, the blood pumping through their bodies.

Hardly able to speak, Belinda whispered into Sue's throat "Wait a minute while I go and run us a bath, but don't get undressed, I want to do that."

"I can't wait Lin, be quick" She said, like Belinda, having difficulty recovering her breath.

Surprisingly, the corner bath was quite large and deep. When Belinda and Dave had booked the hotel, they had taken one of the master suites and it came with that package. There certainly was room for the two of them in there and some more. She had had the foresight to buy a gas lighter when she bought the candles as both of them being non smokers that would have been a problem.

She reached around in the carrier bag and then laid out and lit the six candles and turned out the bathroom light. With a liberal helping of bath oil in the bath, she turned on the water and watched it fill, letting the perfumes surround her. After the bath was full, she went back into the bedroom.

Sue was laying back on the couch, her left arm languorously draped over the back and her right leg bent towards the floor. She had arranged herself to look like a 'femme fatale' and it worked. Crossing to the balcony picture window, Belinda pulled the thick curtains across that covered it. The room was almost in darkness even though it was still mid afternoon, lit only by the light from the bathroom candles and the small amount of sunlight escaping through the darkened window.

"Mademoiselle," she said with all solemnity, "Your bath awaits."

With the spirit of the game, she replied "You may undress me then."

Belinda looked at her, the excitement mounting in her body as she dropped to her knees in front of her. Slowly, she reached up unbuttoned the blouse of the seated girl, allowing her fingers to trace the neckline before easing it from her shoulders.

Reaching down, she removed the shoes. First, removing her left shoe from the foot which was on the couch, her leg crooked. The hand she had placed beneath Sue's knee, allowed her to deftly remove the shoe and then slip down towards the panties for a brief touch. Moving towards the right leg which was hanging down towards the floor, she placed both hands behind the girl's slender calf, gently massaging and then continued down to remove the other shoe.

The shoes removed, she reached across her to undo the waistband of her skirt and as she did, leant forward to kiss the breasts, still covered with a white lacy bra. With the waistband loosened, she eased the skirt from underneath the reclining body, Sue lifting her hips as she did so giving Belinda the opportunity to kiss her through her panties but right on her clitoris. 

She stood back from her and just looked at her, now left wearing just her bra and panties, the odd slither of light falling in a line on her hair and face.

"Undress me now" she said at last. 

Sue stood to face her and pulled the top Belinda was wearing, over her head. Slightly tousled from the garment, Belinda shook her hair. Sue touched her with her hands on the ribcage at each side, gently and with only the tips of her fingers gradually running them around her back to make small touching movements each side of her lower back. She had touched an erotic spot and Belinda shuddered with pleasure.

She could feel her reaching behind her to unbutton her waistband and lower the zip and with that simple deft movement, the skirt dropped to the floor and Sue moved downwards with it and licked the stomach just above her blonde pubic hair, visible now as she pulled the panties down to the floor for her to step out of.

When she stood up, she released the breasts from their captive bra and at the same time, Belinda did the same for her. The only item of clothing that remained was Sue's panties. Belinda, as she removed them, was able to gaze in wonderment once more at the triangle of dark hair inches from her face. It took all her strength and resolve to stand up without first burying her face into her, but restraining her urge, she took her hand and led her to the bathroom which she had prepared.

The aroma was intoxicating as they moved towards the bath. Belinda helped Sue to sink down into the sweet warmth. It was all she could do to take her eyes off her but breaking into her intense observation and the promise of what she knew would be a most erotic afternoon, she remembered the iced orange juice in the two glasses by the door.

"I won't be a moment." she whispered and went back into the room and pulled a couple of mini bottles of Vodka and some ice out of the minibar adding them to the orange and made her way back to where this dark haired delight was laying with soap bubbles covering her breasts and handed her one of the glasses and stepped into the bath with the other drink in her hand.

"Mmmm thanks Lin, you've thought of everything." and as she spoke, moved over so that they could sit facing each other. They sat watching each other sipping at their drinks, both knowing that there was more to come and that this prelude would make the sex good. Sue's legs were slightly apart and she was sitting with her knees bent, her arms resting on them holding the glass, the orange seeming to glow in the soft candle light as she raised it to her mouth to sip the contents.

While she had the glass to her mouth, her half closed eyes never left Belinda's as she tasted the sharpness of the juice and the hardness of the vodka, letting her pink tongue lick across her lips in a positively suggestive way. The meaning and the sensuality of the moment was not lost on Belinda, she was enthralled with the sexual signals. 

"Drink up Lin, it's delicious."

Sitting facing each other, they each had a leg between their partner's. Belinda's felt a little movement as Sue carefully moved her foot forward massaging between her thighs with her toes, she had a mischievous smile on her face as she wiggled them about. In return, Belinda reached into her glass and pulled out an ice cube and leaning forward, rubbed it on Sue's nipple. It was a bit of a risk in case her leg shot forward with the sharp shock of the ice but the result was that it made her pull her knees upwards.

The effect was immediate, "Now look what you've done," she cried. "One standing and one sitting." as she rubbed her hand across the erect nipple"

Belinda fished out another ice cube, "Let me fix that." and touched the small block of ice on the other nipple. The response, lifting her knees up with the shock, was the same even though Sue knew that was what Belinda was going to do. Belinda sat back and surveyed her handiwork and then rubbed her own nipples with the same ice cube. The effect was instant, four erect nipples between them.

Laughing, they finished the vodka and orange drinks and put the empty glasses out of the way and then, lifting Sue's leg back over the top of her own so that she was sitting between her now open legs, they pulled their bodies together and pushed their erect nipples tightly together, moving their upper bodies from side to side, feeling the sensations in their breasts and nipples as they slid across each other . The water was soft and soapy and with a little hand soap, Belinda began to run her hands over Sue's neck and shoulders, then around her breasts, reaching down into the water to slip an indiscreet finger between her legs.

Together, they caressed each other with soapy hands. At one time, they both leant back and pushed their vaginas together, putting enough pressure on each other to feel the most incredible sensations, rubbing from side to side. Belinda had to pull away at one time as she was as close to coming as she could be but wanted to build up even more. She knew that she could have several orgasms in fairly quick succession but she wanted to wait for her first with Sue.

As the water cooled and the candles burned down, they climbed from the bath and put on the large white bathrobes supplied by the hotel. Belinda grabbed a large towel and spread it out on the bed and motioned Sue to lay down on it. She turned her onto her face and pulled the robe from her. She looked down at her with that beautiful slim back leading down to that pair of perfect globes and she knew there was more pleasure and excitement to come for both of them.

Reaching across to the small cupboard, she found the bottle of massage oil she had left there and poured some into the palm of her hand. Sue was going to get the massage of her life and Belinda was going to do it. She had herself pulled a muscle in her back a couple of years back playing tennis and the club pro had sent her to a local clinic for what they called 'deep muscle massage' it was a fairly old guy who was the masseuse and it was very formal and without any sexual content but it was good and relaxing so she knew what to do and how to do it but this massage though was going to be very sexual.

She let the contents of her cupped hand slowly dribble down between Sue's shoulder blades and moved both her hands across her back and then moved up to start with that large muscle at the back of the neck and across the tops of the shoulders, gradually easing away any tension in that area. and gradually moved the focus downwards.

Sue had her arms folded under her forehead and had tipped her head to the side so that she could watch Belinda who was kneeling at her side. As she moved downwards, applying firm and then soft pressure she was at the sides of Sue's breasts, making small circular movements across her back firstly with the tips of her fingers and then pressing down into the muscle with the heel of her hand, stopping only to dribble more oil onto her back.

Sue was making little appreciative noises, sometimes almost grunting in response to the pressure, sighing as the fingers lightened their touch. For a brief moment, Belinda reached underneath her and took a breast in each oil covered hand, feeling her nipples in her palm before she released them and returned to her lower back. The aroma from the oil was heady but not overpowering, adding dramatically to the pleasure they were both getting from such intimate contact.

Kneeling by the side of Sue with a thick bath robe around her shoulders did not give her full access to her body so, slipping it off, she opened her legs to sit astride her buttocks. Belinda felt her push up to her to acknowledge her open sex on her and then she relaxed for her to continue. Belinda was fascinated by the light covering of dark hair at the top of the cleft of her buttocks and spent some time touching and rubbing that area, sometimes moving across with both hands to rub oil into her sides just above her hips, slipping her hands underneath and then back out again.

She just had to feel her buttocks in her hands though so she slipped down to position herself so that she was kneeling much lower on the back of Sue's knees. More oil was needed and she allowed it to slowly trickle down into the cleft. As she massaged, she parted those firm globes from time to time and she could see the little rosebud with the fine strands of dark hair around it and below it, the parted lips of that centre of delight. She allowed her fingers to slide down into the moistness of her vagina and parting the lips, slipped one then two fingers into her.

Slowly, she moved her fingers in and out of her, the palm of her hand pressing hard between her buttocks on the small area between the two orifices. Sue responded by lifting to meet the pressure of the hand until she was almost kneeling. The fingers of Belinda's free hand were searching about in the cleft of her buttocks and as the tip of her index finger touched and then pressed at the little rosebud, Sue gave a low moan and pushed back against the tip which slipped sweetly into that tight little entrance.

"Oh my God," she gasped "Push it in deeper"

Belinda had managed to push down to the first knuckle but Sue wanted more so she added more pressure and with the lubrication, it went deeper. With her other hand, Belinda continued to press her fingers into her and then rub circles around her clitoris.

"Yes, like that." Sue almost screamed "Keep doing that, don't stop." all the while, pressing even harder back against the finger which was moving in and out of her anus, now in time with the movements of the other hand on her clitoris. Belinda knew she was close and continued to give her what she wanted.

"Lin, Christ, I'm going to come like that, do it for me," and then "Oh, it's starting, I can't stop it. Here it comes. Oh, Oh. Oh Yessss." 

Her movements backwards and forwards continued as the spasms hit her, lifting her hips hard and then dropping them to the bed.

"It's still happening," she gasped "Keep doing it, push harder, Oh my God, fuck me, hard." Then as Belinda pushed her fingers deep into her vagina and at the same time, pumped her finger into the willing rear entrance, Sue was still coming until at last she dropped her hips on the bed, her whole body jumping about and quivering with the after shocks. Removing the finger from her anus, Belinda felt the pressure as Sue squeezed her buttocks together and with a little cry, she seemed to have yet another mini orgasm.
