 When she awoke, it was beginning to get dark and it took her a while to gather her senses but at last it all came back and she realised that she needed to pull herself together and face the rest of the holiday alone. There were still a few days to go before she was booked to fly back home but she knew that she needed to talk to someone. She rang Dave and they talked for a while about how his work was going, that he was still in Scotland. Belinda told him that Sue had got herself a job but being careful not to let him hear how she was feeling about it. 

"Will you be OK on your own?" he asked but she thought he didn't seem too concerned.

"Of course I will," she reassured him "I can't wait to get back." In a way it was true as she thought that perhaps she needed those strong arms around her and the feeling of body hardness that you didn't get with another woman which was in itself a turn on, but she wasn't sure at this moment.

Alone and not sure what to do, she thought a visit to the gym might fill some time so putting on a thick robe, standard in the hotel, over her work out kit she made her way down to the gym to work up a sweat and to try and tone herself up a little. She had used a couple of the machines and had started to perspire and could feel a wet trickle down her back which chilled a little when the draught from the overhead fan caught her. She was on the treadmill in the empty gym when the door opened and the young wife came in.

She looked around and saw Belinda and gave a half smile of recognition before tasking herself with some upper body work. At last Belinda had done enough and went into the steam room and sat thinking over events. She had removed her tank top, sports bra and trousers and was sitting in her white gym panties and long white socks but had draped a towel over her bare shoulders and breasts when the door opened and her gym companion came in and, with her back to her, stripped off her kit and wrapped a large towel around her body before turning round to make brief eye contact with Belinda. 

"I'm glad we've met again, how are you?" She was very quietly spoken and a little shy, not looking directly at Belinda in what was either modesty or embarrassment. Her fair hair which was not too long was thick, with blonde highlights and looked like she made fairly regular visits to a quality hairdresser as the cut was very good. They were about the same height as each other and she was very slim with slightly large breasts that had lost some of their girlish shape but were nevertheless well formed. Size-wise, they were slightly out of proportion to her slim hips though. In her mind, Belinda guessed she was about twenty two or three which meant she must have had her child young.

"Good, thanks." Belinda really didn't have a desire for conversation as she was still upset about being deserted by her new found love. 

She sat almost opposite and Belinda noticed that her towel had fallen open at the waist and that, as she had removed all her gym clothes, was naked underneath it. She could just see some of her pubic hair but her legs were, modestly perhaps, firmly together. Belinda was mildly interested but at first it did nothing for her until she allowed, with a slight movement, an unrestricted view of that secret place which wasn't quite so secret now. 'What did she want from her?' Belinda thought, was it that obvious that she was attracted to the opposite sex or had she noticed the behaviour in the pool with Sue. For a while, she sat looking, transfixed, at the spot, waiting for something to happen. The little wife still wouldn't look up at her but there was distinct tension in the air.

At last Belinda felt she had to say something "My friend has got herself a new job on a boat and left to go with it to Malta. She left this evening so I'm at a bit of a loss at the moment." 

In her mind as soon as the words were out of her mouth, she thought to herself, what was she thinking about, she knew she had to say something and that was all that she could manage. She regretted it the moment the words had left her mouth. 

"Oh" was all the woman sitting there said but turned to look at Belinda as she made the little exclamation of acknowledgement of her words. Then after a measured silence, "Are you going to stay on then?"

"I guess so, I can't fly back for three more days so I'll be around until then". she answered not really relishing the conversation.

"You came out on the same flight as us so I reckon we will fly back together. I noticed you with your friend on the plane, we sat a couple of rows behind you, you looked very happy, are you really upset that she left early?"

"I'm bloody devastated" she replied and couldn't stop the tears.

Little wife moved towards Belinda and lifted her towel to wipe the tears from her face. Awkwardly, she sort of moved forwards and then she was against her comforting her in some strange maternal way, patting her back as if she was bringing up the wind. The thought that she had a young child flashed through Belinda's mind and suddenly she saw the funny side of her motherly administrations and through her tears started to giggle.

They moved apart as someone had just come into the gym and the moment was gone.

"I'm sorry, I'm ok now, thanks for that, I guess I need a shower" Belinda said and wrapped her towel around herself and followed by little wife, made towards the shower room. She hung up her towel and removed her white panties and socks and was naked. Her little friend turned her back and took off her towel, carrying it discreetly in front of herself and then hung it on a peg alongside Belinda's. The shower room was a little small with two showers but no division between them.

It was almost impossible to not make contact but they managed to wash away the sweat of their toil with just the occasional collision of bottoms. When she turned off the water, Belinda turned hers off at the same time and reached across for the towels. The woman sort of just stood there dripping wet but didn't reach to take her towel from Belinda who took the initiative and dried the back which she turned towards her. Then, when her back was dry, Belinda spun her round gently to dry her breasts and shoulders and then moved down to dry her stomach, finally bending to dry her legs.

Once again she noticed the tiny stretch marks just around her lower back and thought they were kind of cute. Belinda hadn't touched her with her bare hands at all, so when she handed a towel to her and turned her back, she did the same for Belinda and then turned her to dry her front and then as had been done for her, knelt to dry the legs. Belinda opened her thighs slightly and then, without touching her with her hands, she dried between her legs.

Belinda was intrigued, what did she want, was she trying to get her to go further and make a pass at her or would she pluck up enough courage to make a pass at Belinda. However, Belinda's interest was a little academic as she wasn't exactly turned on by the young mum but she felt that mum was excited by the situation and this fed the fires of her curiosity.

"Thanks" Belinda said in a matter of fact way and reached into her bag and pulled out a tin of talcum powder and turning the woman so that her back was to her, sprinkled powder on her and gently rubbed her hands across her shoulders and back. When Belinda turned her round and held out the tin to her and nodded at her breasts suggesting that she do that intimate area herself, to her surprise, she didn't take the tin.

"You do it" was a faint request from her, so quietly, Belinda hardly heard her. She turned her around once again so that her back was towards her and, taking a handful of powder, lightly pressed her body against her back, reached round in front of her and gently massaged the talcum powder into and around her breasts and stomach just reaching down only as far as the mousy but full pubic hair.

After she had finished and without any sexual pressure towards her, Belinda asked, "Was that OK?"

Her reply was perhaps a little surprising, "I enjoyed it, I haven't had anybody dry and powder me since I was a little girl, thanks and it was nice especially as you're not feeling your best."

"Do you want to come and have a coffee with me?" Belinda asked "I could do with a chat or have you got to get back to your husband and kiddie?"

"I'm OK. " she said "He won't be expecting me back for a while and Jordan is in bed asleep by now. That's my boy by the way."

They both put on their cotton hotel robes and headed to the lift. On the way past reception, Belinda asked that they send a pot of coffee up to her room. Her room was one floor up from her little friend's room but after she had let herself in and stood aside for her, she sat down on the couch and Belinda sat in the chair opposite. She was aware that they were both naked under the robes and Belinda waited to see what she would do. Nothing happened for a while other than they at last swapped names. She was called Chris, short for Christine, and the guy with her was her partner Kevin but he was the child's father she assured her.

There was a knock on the door and the waiter was there with a tray with the coffee and the cups. Belinda thanked him, and pressed a couple of Euro's into his hand, took the tray from him and poured a cup for each of them.

They sat there quietly drinking the hot coffee. Chris was curious, "Are you married Belinda?"

Belinda told her about Dave back home and why he hadn't come on holiday and told her about the last minute arrangements and why she was there with Sue.

Chis listened intently but still seemed a little puzzled about the arrangement but Belinda didn't offer any information about her relationship with Sue so the conversation lulled a little. As Chris moved to put down the empty coffee cup, Belinda watched as the robe Chris was wearing fell open across her lap until she could see almost to the tops of her thighs.

She must be testing me out Belinda thought but she still wasn't sure. With a sigh, she closed her eyes and let her head fall backwards at the same time releasing the gown to allow it innocently to fall open. Belinda knew that she would be able to see most of her breasts and after a moment opened her eyes and looked at her. Chris was transfixed, staring at her. Just to test her a little more, she parted her legs as if she was stretching her body and saw Chris' eyes drop down into her lap. Belinda really was beginning to get a little turned on with the cat and mouse game.

"What do you want from me?" Belinda asked "Do you want me to look at you?"

"I don't know what I want." Then a pause as she allowed the gown she was wearing to open and at the same time, slowly parted her legs so that Belinda could look at her. "I've never thought about other girls before but when I saw you and your friend in the pool, I knew that you were more than just friends and I got a little curious and it did get me excited as well. I've never let another woman see me with no clothes on. I just wanted to know what you did and what it would feel like that's all. I couldn't stop thinking about it."

"We do everything that a bloke would do but with a woman it's different, it's soft and it's more concentrated and it's not like a man who comes and that's him finished, it goes on and is so beautiful that I can't really describe it. We use our hands and our fingers, we know where to touch and how hard, we tell each other what we want, we kiss each other all over and sometimes lick each other to an orgasm. Kissing and tasting each other is so sweet. That's what it's about. Chris, are you a bit turned on?" 

Belinda had noticed as she spoke to her, her hand had dropped into her lap but there was no movement of her fingers, she was just pressing the palm onto herself. "Take your hand away and let me see you between your legs. Open them wide for me."

Chris just moaned a little and then said. "Promise you won't touch me there."

"If you don't want me to." Belinda said and looking at her, she could see that she was trembling but slowly she moved her hand away and the dampness within her was visible, glistening in the light. She knew that she was lubricating and was a little unsure about whether it was OK to do that.

"I'm sorry I've got so wet" she said with a little trepidation in her voice.

"I'm wet as well, look you can see" and she parted her own vaginal lips to let her look into her. "Do you want to touch me?" she asked her, "It's what we girls do."

Slowly, Chris stretched out her hand and Belinda felt the excitement mount in her as the fingers began their explorations. After a while, Belinda pulled Chris towards her and they kissed, her first female kiss and it was natural and good as her response was, to begin with, a little tight lipped but slowly she softened and accepted the tongue in her mouth.

"I can't do any more," she said when she pulled away. "I shouldn't be this excited. I can't believe that I am so close to coming, if we do any more I will just come and I won't be able to hold it back. I'm really embarassed we've gone this far".

"Touch me some more Chris, do you want me to touch you.?" She shook her head but her fingers were back with Belinda and as she leaned across, Belinda grasped her nipples, teasing them between her fingers kissing her deeply. Chris had her other hand between her own legs and Belinda could feel her bodily movements. She felt her starting to come, her breathing was fast and then, for a few seconds, she held her breath, she was making sounds into Belinda's mouth.

Suddenly she was shaking and jumping about her thighs clenched together and Belinda was feeling every pulse and jerk of her body. Chris's hand had left Belinda but dropping her own hand down, she took over where she had left off.

"Watch me now." Belinda told her and leaned back and after a few deft movements on her clitoris she knew she was so close and just before she went over her peak, she reached across and grabbed Chris's wrist pulling her hand tight to her vagina so that as she came she would feel her body reply to the touch.

"Oh God" Chris finally said "I didn't know that I would come like that, and I've never made another girl come, I'm really embarrassed now, I can't believe it happened just like that, I was so excited, it was so different."

"You were beautiful" Belinda said and meant it, and for a moment, all thoughts of Sue had gone from her head, she found this little wife exciting although she knew it was not really within the woman to go too far she had to try.

Gently, she moved her backwards onto the bed pushed the robe fully open and dropping to her knees, pushed her legs apart and with her tongue sought out her clitoris. Chris was still very sensitive and jumped when Belinda first made contact, attempting to close her legs and prevent the access to her but it was too late, Belinda was starting to move around kissing and licking until suddenly Chris almost exploded with an intense orgasm, the fluid running from her. The orgasm went on for some while with Belinda just watching, she jerked violently every time she tried to move her legs or attempt to sit up. At last she managed to pull the robe around her and get up to a sitting position, flushed and speechless.

Finally, she stood up almost in a panic and picked up her gym kit "I've got to go back to my room." and with that she turned and left the room. 

For a while Belinda wondered if she had gone a bit too far and had visions of Kevin banging on the door but nothing happened so she ran herself a bath and then afterwards, wrapped in the white robe, laid on the bed and rubbed the oil that she had bought for Sue into her body. Eventually, she brought herself almost to orgasm, stopping to allow the feeling to subside and then with a pillow between her legs, turning onto her front and with rhythmic pressure allowed it to happen. She was exhausted and once again fell into a deep sleep.

*************

The Mediterranean morning light streaming in through the balcony doors and falling across the bed, gradually brought her back to consciousness, the bright light of the sun deflected by the billowing curtains rippling across her eyelids. She stretched and then made herself get up off the bed. She still had her bathrobe on that she was wearing last night and had no idea of the time. A quick glance at her phone and it was just after seven thirty. Time for a shower and some breakfast. Yesterday seemed to have been a dream but she was feeling a little less despondent and wanted to greet the morning and perhaps later, get a cab for a little shopping.

Breakfast was laid out in the dining room, the freshly squeezed orange juice followed by some scrambled egg and toast and she was set for the day. As she was leaving the dining room, she saw Chris walking towards her with Kevin and the boy following her. What she thought Belinda was going to do or say she had no idea but her face was a picture just managing to turn her scared look into a smile before it was impossible to pass without greeting.

"Good morning." Belinda chirped with a nice friendly smile but no more than that of a casual acquaintance. She could see a look of relief on Chris' face that this difficult meeting was not going to escalate by any inappropriate behaviour on her part or hints on what had happened between them.

She turned to her rather nice looking husband. Not a pop star but presentable. "Kevin, this is the lady in the gym last night." 

"Hi, I'm Belinda, nice to meet you and who is this little chap then?"

He spoke and had quite a soft West Country burr to his voice. "That's Jordan, he's five and ready for his breakfast. He loves it here, especially the pool. Nice to meet you." He held out his hand to shake hands with her then as a family group they went off to pick a table. Belinda watched with a nice smile on her face and then turned and walked out and back to her room.

She spent the rest of the morning and most of the afternoon being a shopping tourist down in the town and bought a couple of presents to take home for Dave and a couple of silk blouses and some really sexy underwear for herself. Just a whim purchase on her behalf but she needed the therapy that wandering around shops would give her and she thought to herself that it's no good wandering around a shop unless one spends money on unnecessary things. She wanted to get something for Chris but on reflection, thought that a little unwise however, she did allow herself an indulgence and bought a little peaked cap for Jordan which she would give to Kevin for him if the opportunity arose.

After Belinda got back to the hotel, she walked across into the hotel and thought she would have a swim before the evening set in so after changing, wandered down to the pool. The family weren't there so she picked out a lounger and laid her robe and bag on it and climbed into the pool. It was fairly crowded so she didn't spend too long in the water and instead, laid herself out to get some sunshine. She had picked up some colour already but managed to get some sun block on her front, the last thing she wanted with her fair skin, was to be in agony from sunburn. She laid on her back for half an hour or so and mentally cursed Sue for leaving her amongst other things because she couldn't get the cream on her back but in the end, turned onto her stomach for a while. The sun's rays were not so aggressive by now so it was safe.

As she was grabbing up her towel to return to her room, she saw a coach arrive and then Kevin descended, helping the lad down the steps. He didn't see her and Chris was still on the coach so she slipped away and made her way back to shower and change for the evening. She had no plans for the evening but had it in the back of her mind she would perhaps walk out and eat at Roberto and Consuelo's restaurant.
