 It had been a month since we had that great weekend at Camp lookout and Belinda was up to provide the entertainment at her exclusive ladies club. Rod had asked me to write this story as he, of course, was not allowed to attend. As well, he knew that this story would make him cream his pants and after reading it I figured that he would be ready to give me one of his sensually exciting fucks. I was always ready to be fucked by Rod ever since that first time when I was an older teen at Camp Lookout. His eight inch hard cock and my cunt seemed to have a mutual feel for the joy of sex, you know, a sort of oneness. It was if I was fucking myself, so joyous was the feeling. I believe that he felt the same way, as he always told me how sensational we were together - kindred spirits, so to speak.

That Friday evening, Belinda prepared me for the night ahead. She had told me that I would be blindfolded and that I was to make no sounds, however sexually excited I was. As well, she told me that there would be a minimum of instruction from those present. Most would talk in whispers and I was merely to react to their feel and to their hands and bodily movements. Belinda that day had carefully shaved my pubic hairs, so that my pussy and my puffy cunt lips were fully visible. 

I must admit that it felt very sensuous to feel my panties against my bare sex. In order to make me presentable, Belinda made sure that I was dressed exactly as she desired. My black skin was clothed in a beautiful pair of delicate white lace panties and a very brief white frilly bra with two holes through which protruded my large, erect nipples. Over these underclothes I wore a white satin and sequined gown that had a plunging neckline and a slit from my shoes to the hip on the left side. I also wore a long pair of white velvet gloves and a pair of white five inch heels. With these shoes on I was well over six feet in height. Although I wasn't used to being on such stilts, I felt that I would manage as long as I was careful; and they did make me feel very elegant. My hair had been done in a series of braids, tied with white ribbon; and my lips had been covered with a rich red lip gloss, while my eye shadow was a delicate touch of white. 

I looked at myself in the long mirror and must admit that I was impressed with the effect, especially with the way my nipples extended the satin bodice and how the gown clung to my thighs. I could also tell from the bulge in Rod's pants and from the way he smiled and licked his lips that he more than approved. 

Belinda inspected her creation, smiled and said,'Yes, Alberta, you will be the highlight of the night, my stunning young bitch.'Then she reached up and kissed me very lightly on my cheek as we prepared to get the car and leave for the club. I wore a hooded gown over my dress and Belinda had tied a red velvet mask over my eyes, so I could not see where we were going. We talked quietly about the evening and Belinda caressed me and assured me that I would enjoy every seductive moment. 

After about fifteen minutes the car pulled to a stop and Belinda helped me out. She led me by the hand letting me know when there were steps ahead and she asked me to wait in what she called the ante-chamber. A little later she came back in and gave me a drink that she said would heighten my sense of feel but cause me to drift mentally. It tasted like a kind of mead; but I learned later that there was also a drug in the drink that helped to get me into the right physical mood for the entertainment. Belinda then told me that there would be two stewards who would conduct me into the audience room. 

She left and a hand grasped each of mine and I stood up as they guided me through the door into the audience room where I stood, legs slightly apart so that I knew my long black leg would extend from the slit. I held my back straight so that my breasts were prominent and I could feel my nipples getting excited against the satin dress. There were gasps of delight from the group and I could distantly hear comments about my beauty. 

The two female stewards then whispered that they were going to disrobe me. I nodded and they slowly unzipped my gown letting it fall to the floor. Again there were gasps and some applause at my appearance. Next they unclasped my bra and removed it so that my breasts were now fully exposed. They did not fall for they were well rounded and firm. One steward came around behind me and reached around to cup each breast and the crowd reacted with delight. The other moved forward and placed a delicate kiss on each nipple. Slowly, each steward took a side of my panties and moved them down my legs, stroking my cunt on the way down, and I stepped out of them. I still had on my shoes as the stewards moved me around so that the women could view me from front and back. As they did so they subtly caressed my breasts and ass, much to the delight of the crowd. 

At this point, I could smell a delightful perfume and I felt the stewards massaging me with oily hands and they spread the oil over my whole body, including extending their fingers into my pussy, where it created an electrical feeling, and into my ass. There was a slight burning sensation but it was more stimulating than painful. Then they escorted me to a slightly raised platform, got rid of my shoes and whispered for me to lie down on my back with my legs apart. I reclined on a table covered in warm silk sheets and soft pillows.

It was only a few seconds before I felt fingers and mouths exploring me. One woman placed her lips on mine and I opened my mouth to receive her darting tongue. Other hands caressed my tits and squeezed my nipples, while still others smoothed my legs and others played with my pussy lips and ass. I made no sound as I vaguely heard their whispers about how pink my inner cunt lips looked against my dark skin and how large and erect my nipples had become. I was being sensually and erotically very stimulated. They were exploring all of my nooks and crannies. Separate hands took each of mine, placed them in their mouths to lubricate them and then extended them sideways and led them to two very juicy cunts. I needed no urging and quickly found their sensual spots and had them moaning with delight as my fingers and thumb expertly found their clits and massaged them with just the right amount of pressure.

While this was going on I felt my own cunt being parted and a tongue penetrating my sex, vigorously working me to a climax as my hips rose off the table to meet that oral movement. Next I sensed a body over my head and I could sense the musky smell of female sex. Gradually, a wet pussy reached my mouth and my tongue darted out to meet it. I licked and flicked rapidly and the lady pressed down more firmly so that my tongue went deeper into her hole. She moaned very loudly as did the two on either side. Then I felt fingers opening my pussy and more fingers and gradually a fist spread me fully apart and gave me great sensual joy. many lips took part in kissing and sucking my nipples and I felt completely consumed. This continued unabated with many, many women taking their turn. 

At that moment the two stewards whispered for me to turn over and raise my ass in the air. I did so and spread my legs exposing both my shaved cunt and my ass. Under my chest part of the table was removed and my tits hung vertically down.

Several things happened at this point. My ass crack was spread and a dildo was inserted. I could tell that it was held against my ass by a wide flange and this allowed someone to turn it through one eighty degrees, sending a shuddering feeling in my ass. A dildo was also placed against my now sopping wet cunt and to distant cries of: 'Fuck her, Fuck her, Fuck her' I was slowly impaled on a thick, long dildo, obviously operated by a woman who had the other end in her pussy. I did my best to move in rhythm with her and I could hear her grunting with sheer sexual excitement. As she thrust forward and I backward, the other woman would turn the dildo fixed in my ass. Under the table, two mouths were firmly anchored to my tits, sucking them hard and tightly. I came many times as other women took over from those who got too tires. This must have gone on for thirty minutes with various women and I could tell from the noises in the room that others were involved in their own fallatio and fuck shows. 

Finally the room went quiet and I was lifted to a standing position by the stewards. They held my hand and moved me around so I was again, I presumed, facing the crowd. At this point, I had the task of cleaning off numerous dildos and tasting a variety of female juices. Then the dildo was extracted from my tight ass and I felt relief as I was led out tired but sensually stimulated. The stewards placed me in a deep hot tub and bathed me tenderly, washing my tired body and orifices with soft cloths and scented soap; and then they dried me with warm towels and dressed me. They then led me back into the room where, still blind folded, I was greeted with rapturous applause. As I stood there, dressed as I had been when I arrived, I felt a pair of hands placing something around my neck. Then Belinda approached, kissed me on the lips and said how outstanding I had been. She escorted me out and into the car for the ride home. After about ten minutes she took off my blindfold and I looked down to see a beautiful necklace of genuine pearls around my neck. 

I snuggled up to Belinda and thanked her for the evening, telling her that one thing would make it a perfect night - a fuck from Rod. Belinda stroked my thigh, kissed my forehead and said that Rod would be waiting to give me one of his great fucks.