 In my earlier story 'Susan Comes Out' I told the story of two friends of mine and how Susan first met Bell. Susan was young and on the street, when she met Bell. Although I was aware that Bell also had a past which had made her lesbian lifestyle difficult, I did not discuss it in Susan Comes Out.

Where Susan Comes Out was based on a true story Bell is pure fiction. Enjoy.

*****

CHAPTER ONE

BELL MEETS CHARLIE

My parents being very wealthy owning a national chain of wine bars several office blocks one which includes an antique book and fine arts shop. With eight large properties which grow canola and wheat plus two cattle and sheep properties, my future was already mapped out for me.

Due to this fabulous wealth, I was a pampered only child who didn't need to ask for anything and yet I had a life filled with uncertainty. My real problems commenced when I was in year five at school. You see unlike my friends, I had a preference to only play with the girls in my year which my parents explained as my being a late developer. On entering secondary school, I found that this preference to be with the girls in my year was even stronger. When my friends commenced going around with boys I hung back. Once in year Ten, I was always one of the last to take a shower after sport ... this was due to my wanting to compare my friends' breasts against mine which although quite well developed were much smaller than with the others in my year. 

It wasn't until in year twelve when I was celebrating my eighteenth birthday during the big party my adoring parents had hosted when I learned that I was probably a lesbian. Riley, the daughter of my parents' greatest friends cornered me as I came from the bathroom. Holding me against the wall she kissed me before telling me that she had noticed I was more into girls than boys. When I tried to answer she kissed me again this time slipping her tongue between my teeth as a hand lifted my skirt her fingers grazing across my wet pussy. When I moaned and stopped struggling, she stood back smiling knowingly. 

"Interesting: I told you so."

I relived this incident for many weeks while lying in my bed.

It may seem that my learning that I was lesbian would have solved all my fears about being different but unfortunately, this was not the case. Socially I have always been shy and withdrawn and yet four years later once I had been awarded my degree in business management, I was seen to be strong and a natural leader. Yet on meeting very beautiful women who were either bi or lesbian I immediately felt the nervous tensions begin to take over.

During university I hung out with the gay and lesbian fraternity and this way would meet a woman who was horny and looking for someone to fuck for the night. My longest affair was three nights just before graduating. She was a Vietnamese girl in her first year who met me in the library ... she was horny, and I was submissive and available.

After graduating my proud parents made me the general manager of a small antique book and fine arts business. The only thing that concerned them was that as, yet I had not found a partner: they had known of my being lesbian since just after I commenced university. So, in their typical way my parents through a huge party to celebrate my joining the family company. As usual, I was my shy reserved self desperately trying to keep out of the limelight which of course was almost impossible. It was just after all the speeches that a woman whom I had never seen before approached me. 

About my age, she was dressed in a long form-fitting silk gown which seemed to be highlighted by her deep brown hair that hung almost to her waist. With grey eyes, small breasts and broad hips she was incredibly beautiful. As usual, I began to excuse myself yet hesitating when her hand took mine begging me not to go.

She introduced herself as Charmaine telling me to call her Charlie because all her special friends called her by that name. Not wishing to cause a scene I was trapped so allowed her to lead me to an empty table where we sat and began talking. When I asked her how she came to be at the party she smiled indicating an older woman not far from us.

"You see that woman with the mink? Currently, she is my partner. I have been with her since I turned twenty, but I am getting bored ... she's just celebrated her fiftieth birthday and I want someone closer to my age. Don't get me wrong because in bed she is the perfect lover and has taught me all I know."

When Charlie said this, I felt her hand slip round my shoulders and a small suggestive smile form on her lips which told me that she regarded me as her next partner. As always, I knew I was taken and as usually accepted my fate. We talked for a long time only pausing to refill our glasses and slowly I was drawn into Charlie's web. 

As we talked, I would feel her lips on my neck, or her hands slip across my breasts or lay across the base of my back. It was close to one when her lover approached indicating it was time to leave. Getting up Charlie hugged me pressing her card into my hand saying she knew where she could find me.

It was the following week when my secretary told me that there was a woman asking for me and when I asked to have her shown through to the office, she gave me Charlies card. Being a quiet day, I allowed her to take me to lunch knowing that it would be useless to refuse her.

During lunch, she explained that her lover was attending a conference in New York and would be away for ten days and when I didn't reply she placed her hand on my thigh telling me that she was going to desert her for me. I made a few half-hearted comments that maybe it would be better not to rush things, but Charlie like a tsunami just swept over me.

That evening she moved most of her clothes and belongings into my small harborside cottage which I had bought just before completing university. It had been a cottage in the grounds of a much larger home which was burned to the ground four years ago. I bought it once the estate had been cleared up for sale. 

We sat on the veranda looking out over the water with a lovely shiraz and talked. Although to be correct Charlie talked while I sat feeling uncomfortable. I don't know how long we had been there when I felt her lips on mine but this time it was no chaste peck. Charlie didn't waste time first it was her tongue on mine as she undid the buttons of my blouse murmuring with pleasure when she saw my naked breasts. 

My breasts are extremely sensitive and when Charlie began to flick her tongue across my nipples, I was in heaven ... exploding into small goosebumps feeling the rush of moist heat on my pussy. Looking into my eyes she smiled triumphantly when moaning I raised my bottom to make it easier to remove my shorts. 

Once she had me naked Charlie's seduction slowed as I felt her lips return to my lips and neck her fingers softly squeezing my breast and nipple. Gasping my need I felt her tongue glide up to my ear and probing deep I moaned once more feeling another moist rush on my pussy.

As her tongue danced across my swollen sensitive nipple I felt my legs open wider allowing Charlies probing hand access to my weeping pussy. Although I had been taken by many women since my eighteenth birthday what Charlie was doing felt so different. In no time she had me gasping her name as her tongue performed wild magic on my titties. She just continued licking my nipples as my pussy became a wet pulsing mess ... it was amazing, and I was in heaven. 

Holding my breath, I felt her slide down my stomach her tongue trailing slowly across my silken skin onto my wet pussy. I cried out when her tongue grazed across my throbbing clit lifting on my shoulders my hands gripping the cushions on the sun lounge.

'Yess, yess Charlie ... Charlie ... Charlie pleassssssssse ... Charlie, I'm cuming ... oh fuck, I've cum.'

With the last rhythmic wave of my crisis, I slid back into the lounge closing my eyes and sleeping. I don't know how long I slept or even what time I had gone to bed but when I awoke the sun was well up and I could hear Charlie in the kitchen. 

After a refreshing shower, I made my way to the delicious sound of sizzling bacon while eggs were slowly poaching. Charlie turned smiling as I walked up to her kissing her pouting lips.

'Oh, my love my Charlie what happened last night? I have never experienced anything like that before and never have I found my evenings' lover hear the following morning.'

'I told you when you let me into the house that I was going to be here for many years to come. Bell your new life has commenced. I am here to love you care for you and be your minder and only lover so may I suggest you assist me to dish up the breakfast.' 

And so, this was the start of my first true relationship. I would leave early on the weekday mornings to my work in the bookshop while Charlie cleared up before going to her work as a paralegal for a large inner-city law firm. At first, life was idyllic where we would get home and after eating a light evening meal make love until around one in the morning. 

The sex with Charlie was like nothing I had ever experienced before and yet I slowly got the feeling that as a lifelong relationship there was something missing. Not that we had any disagreements or anything like that, but I began to feel that Charlie could not be trusted. She had become distant and I was sure she never told me everything.

We had been together for just on two years when my parents announced that they were going down to the family holiday home for Christmas and obviously Charlie and I was invited. As the time got closer, I noticed Charlie's mood becoming a little abrupt and when I reminded her that we were departing Saturday fortnight she announced that she had a case that demanded her attention and would not be coming.

When I tried to explain that my parents had bought presents for her and had set everything up for four weeks holiday, she became agitated and at last shouted that she couldn't come to the Lakes. After shouting at me she rushed from the house slamming the door and driving off. I didn't see her until the following evening but even then, I noticed a brooding uneasy climate in the house. When I announced that I needed to get an early night she simply nodded before turning back to the television.

From that evening to when I departed for the Lakes there was only one night, we made love and even then, the fire seemed to have gone out. On the morning of my departure, Charlie kissed me saying how much she was going to miss me. I told her to phone me if she needed any help telling her that I would be phoning at least once a week and of course on Christmas morning and New Year's Eve and yet there still appeared to be something missing as she stood with a dead pan expression watching me drive down the driveway.

CHAPTER TWO

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS

My father met me at the locked boat compound helping me cart my bags and boxes down to where Excalibur the beautiful cabin cruiser my grandfather built before commencing the planning and construction of the holiday home. It's a white hulled boat with dark blue rubbing streaks and gunwales. We use it to take three or four-day cruises up the lake stopping in at lakeside villages and islands. This is the biggest attraction for me because I just love the changing scenery and dining at the village pubs and restaurants.

I love the Lakes and the old rambling holiday home. Although there are twenty-three other families who have holiday homes amongst the sand dunes on the southern shore ours was the first and the biggest. Grandfather built a large dock out into the north arm which became the main dock for loading and unloading supplies.

The dock led down to a light green weatherboard house with a very broad veranda where during times when the house was unoccupied there were shutters across the windows which were locked from inside. A form of security yet they also kept the sun off the furniture and big Persian rugs that were thrown across the polished blackwood floorboards. 

I found the break from Charlie nice and hoped that on my return we could continue our life as though nothing had happened to cause the rift between us. As promised I phoned Bell every week at the agreed time ... all was well until the twentieth of December when I phoned as usual, but Charlie didn't pick up ... I didn't make anything of it because after all it was just five days before Christmas and no doubt, she was at a work party or something.

On Christmas morning when I phoned there was again no reply and this time, I became uneasy deciding to phone again at five that evening. It was two minutes to five when I phoned and after just two rings Charlie picked up.

'Merry Christmas my love I have so missed you.'

'Sorry but work and of course the traditional after work Christmas drinks were so tiring. Today has been my first real break since you departed, and I am only just getting up.'

'Oh my God so what are you doing for dinner then?'

'Nothing much I am going to a Christmas dinner at the Intercontinental with two friends from work. It will be much better than putting something together at home. How about you what's been happening?'

'Oh, just the usual but I am finding the break very relaxing I think I needed this more than I thought. We are celebrating Christmas tonight with the people next door: it's a tradition going back to when grandfather was alive.'

'Well enjoy the evening I must get ready because I have a lift into the city.'

I didn't speak with her again until the morning of New Year's Eve it was mostly a good conversation and I told her when to expect me home just after the long weekend at the end of January. She told me that she wasn't doing much that night but before I could tell her what my evening was going to be the phone lost its signal.

My parents were planning to spend New Year's night with old friends who lived amongst the dunes something that they had been doing for as long as I could remember. I had decided to take Excalibur up the lake to a small village with a pub which boasted a gourmet bistro right on the lake shore. It had a lawn running down to the lake where boat owners could book to tie up. I had made a booking before I departed for the holiday so without any worries, I motored slowly up the lake. Heading past the Harbor Master's residence and crossing the entrance leading out to sea turning north and running down to the steep cliffs with the highway winding its way west.

I have always loved the water here because it's so deep and it takes on an almost seductive aquamarine colour. I motored slowly up the coast of the lake with the Rigby Island group on my port. It was a perfect summers afternoon with the impatient cry of the gulls while the sooty terns fed on the large schools of whitebait.

After about an hour's cruising, I saw the village come in sight: it was already crowded at the landing stages, but I wasn't concerned because I could see the large vacant area booked for Excalibur. For as long as I can remember we have always occupied the shoreline opposite the pub and its bistro with the lawn coming right down to where I secured the boat to the two huge concrete blocks set up on the rock wall. The night's activities were very informal, but I still showered changing into my favorite white shorts and yellow blouse with just a pair of crocodile skin sandals. 

Walking slowly up the lawn I was greeted by old friends and acquaintances. Although the bar was busy it didn't take long for me to order my meal and a bottle of 2000 McLaren Vale Shiraz. Making my way outside to a small timber table with a bench seat I set myself up for the evening. The table provided seating for two comfortably and four at a squeeze. It was a perfect evening with the lightest of zephyrs and the sound of cicadas in the gum trees that sheltered the pub from the prevailing easterlies. The night was lit by one of the clearest new moons I think I have ever seen with a myriad of stars in the Milky Way.

It was planned to have a firework display at midnight and I was watching the barges being towed out into the main channel of the lake when a voice I didn't know asked me what my New Year's wish was. Looking up from my glass I noticed a young woman about my age sit opposite me. At first, I didn't recognize her but as she spoke, I remembered seeing her at the Co-Op fish shop where she managed the floor of the takeaway. Thinking how lovely she looked in her wrap around batik skirt and thongs I didn't realize she had introduced herself until I noticed her outstretched hand.

'Oh my God, I'm so sorry I was a million miles away: I'm Bell and again sorry but I failed to hear your name.'

With a lovely soft smile displaying a dimple on each cheek she took my hand in hers. 'Not to worry it's an evening to be miles away in your thoughts: anyway, I'm Chloe.'

Chloe was probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and I was amazed that I have never recognized this fact before. She was about my height with short dirty blond hair ... deeply tanned she had a pattern of bronze freckles that went across the bridge of her nose. Looking at them I couldn't help but think how incredibly sexy they made her.

Her wrap around batik skirt hid most of her breasts, but I felt that they would be much my size: small but well-shaped. Lifting my eyes to hers I came out of my reverie noticing that Chloe had been looking me up in much the same way which caused us both to laugh.

We continued talking until we heard an announcement that it was just two minutes before midnight and as the countdown began Chloe leaned across the table kissing me lightly her cheeky tongue lightly sliding across my closed lips. We allowed the kiss to continue until we heard everyone calling 'Happy New Year' and the first fireworks lit the night sky. It was perfect sitting at our small table which had an uninterrupted view of the water being lit up by the colours of the explosions overhead. 

The display lasted for about fifteen minutes and then in the ensuing silence everyone returned to their previous activities. Looking down I was surprised to see that somehow our hands had joined and I could feel Chloe's thumb massaging my wrist. It was a hypnotic moment which found me in a dream world not even thinking about Charlie back home. Looking up I noticed that Chloe was having much the same thoughts which made us both smile.

Once more, my private world was broken into when I felt my hand being held with a firmer grip and looking up saw Chloe smiling at me.

'You are back in that private world: a penny for your thoughts?'

'Oh, it's nothing I am just thinking how wonderful it is to be sitting here on this warm humid evening without a care in the world. It's about the first time I have truly relaxed since leaving my office three weeks ago.'

She then surprised me when lifting my wrist to her soft lips she told me that she doesn't like relationships just a night of very soft erotic love and then return to the real world. 

Contemplating her closely I felt for the first time in my life that I wasn't being pressured into having sex. For the first time in my life, I had the feeling that I could do what I wanted.

'Chloe, I understand your feelings and it doesn't bother me ... after all, you have your life here at the Co-Op where you have a very responsible position and my world lies in Sydney with high finance and all the responsibility that goes with it. Excalibur is just over there, and I was planning on running up to this very secluded inlet about ten miles from here I would love it if you would join me. In the morning we can do the breakfast thing and then I'll drop you off before continuing my way down to the North Arm but don't think I'm pressuring you the decision is all yours.'
