 "I think I want to fuck Brit," she said, suddenly, almost in a whisper, as if the entire world might hear.

There was no response from the near-darkness save the ticking of the clock and the slow, steady breathing of her fiancé.

"Hey," she poked the body next to her in bed, "are you awake?"

"Mmmm," it said.

"Ben, are you awake?"

She poked him again.

He yawned.

"I am now," he said.

He lifted his head off the pillow and glanced at his alarm clock -- 2:58am.

"What's wrong?" he asked, turning his head to look toward her.

He could see her head and shoulders outlined by the soft, red glow of the digital numbers on her alarm clock.

"Nothing's wrong," she said, quietly.

"Gaby, you've been saying nothing's wrong for three days now," he said.

She set her jaw, took a deep breath and held it for a few seconds.

"I think I want to fuck Brit," she repeated.

The statement hung in the air.

"Is that all?" he asked. "I thought it was something serious."

He let his head drop back onto the pillow.

Gaby reached over and punched him in the shoulder.

He let out a long sigh and lifted his head again.

"I am serious," she said.

"Brit who?" he asked, still clearing the cobwebs of REM sleep from his mind.

"Brit, Brit...from my school."

"The cleaning gel?" he asked, horribly mimicking Brit's Liverpool accent.

"Yes."

He turned his body to face her, as she switched on the small lamp on her nightstand.

"You think you want to have sex with her, or you want to have sex with her?" he asked.

"I want to."

"And, when did you come to this conclusion?"

"Friday," Gaby answered, "while she was here cleaning."

"Did you say anything to her?"

"Oh, God no!" she said. "I couldn't...I..."

"So, you want to have sex with one of your former, and possibly future, students, who comes to clean our apartment?" he asked quietly.

"Yes."

"She's, like, 16," he said.

"She's 21...I teach college, you idiot," she retorted.

"Oh, yeah, I forget sometimes," he said, letting out a short laugh, "especially when I help you grade essays and tests."

"You know, you're a real shit sometimes," she hissed.

"Yeah, it must have something to do with being awakened in the middle of the night," he said.

She simply looked at him.

"Well," he continued, "what brought this on?"

"I've always found her attractive...I mean...don't you think she's attractive?" she asked.

"Ummm, on the advice of legal counsel, I must refuse to answer any questions regarding the 'hotness or notness' of other women while lying in bed with my fiancé," he answered.

"You're an ass!" she said.

"No, I'm a careful man, who deeply, deeply cares for his future wife," he said, with a smirk.

Gaby gave him an exaggerated eye-roll at that.

"I've seen you stare at her," Gaby said.

"I don't 'stare'," he said. "I glance, briefly, and appreciate."

He received another eye-roll in response.

"OK...yes, I do think she's very attractive," he said, after a few moments. "She's young and firm. She has a very pretty face, those big, brown, doe eyes, and..."

"OK," Gaby said.

"...Nice legs, and a terrific as..."

She punched his shoulder again.

"Ouch."

"I get it," she said. "Of course, having a pair of 32 double Ds doesn't hurt either, huh?"

"Well," Ben said, "there's that too...or those two."

They fell silent for a few moments.

"So," Ben began again, "what happened on Friday?"

"I was in the kitchen while she was cleaning," Gaby started.

She paused for a few moments, before continuing.

"I was wearing low-riders and a short t-shirt, and she noticed my cross," she said, referring to the tattoo of a Spanish-style cross on her lower back, just above the crack of her ass. "Brit asked if she could look at it up close, and I let her."

He watched as she licked her lips nervously.

"She put her fingers on my back and slowly traced over the tat," Gaby said. "When she touched me, I felt electricity shoot through my body...like I haven't felt in a very long time."

"Wow," Ben said, "doesn't that make me feel special."

Gaby momentarily ignored his comment and continued.

"She asked if I wanted to see her 'tramp stamp'," Gaby said. "And, at that moment, there was nothing in the world I wanted more."

"And?" Ben asked, quietly.

"When she leaned up against the counter, lifted her shirt and pushed her shorts down enough that I could see it all...I swear, I almost came," she said. "When my fingers touched her skin, I just wanted to wrap my arms around her and pull her into me."

Ben cleared his suddenly dry throat.

"I've only caught glimpses of it," he said. "What is it?"

"Is says, 'Rule, Britannia!' with an outline of Great Britain underneath. And, below that, the words, '...this Earth, this realm, this England'," she said.

"You're kidding," Ben said.

"I swear," she said, with a grin that wrinkled her nose.

"That quote, it's from..." he began.

"Yep, Shakespeare...Richard II," she giggled.

"That's got to be the strangest 'tramp stamp' I've ever heard of," he said with a chuckle.

"Well, Benjamin," Gabrielle began, "her full first name is Britannia."

"Huh, I always figured it was Britney, or Brittany, or something like that," Ben said.

"I guess she figured that it all just fit together," Gaby said.

"And the Shakespeare?" Ben asked.

"She said it reminds her of home," Gaby said.

Ben nodded and thought for a few moments.

"So, what's the plan?" he asked.

"As long as you're OK with it, I'll talk to her the next time I see her, and find out if she's interested in joining us," Gaby answered.

"I don't know how wise it is to get involved with one of your students, but other than that I'm fine with it," Ben said.

"She's past the age of consent, and she's not a current student," Gaby told him. "Plus, we're not going to 'get involved,' we're just going to fuck!"

"God, you're such a Romantic, aren't you, Gaby?" Ben said, and laughed.

"You know, I'm beginning to re-think asking her to join us," she said. "Maybe Brit has a boyfriend who could take the place of my wise-ass fiancé."

"Ouch," Ben said, feigning pain in his voice.

He turned away from her, pretending to be hurt by her threat.

"Oh, don't be like that," Gaby said, laughing.

"You're the dick I want, Ben," she said.

"Ummm, thanks...I think," he said.

"I mean, you're the only man I want...and your little guy is..."

"Little?!" he said, turning his head slightly.

"I didn't mean 'little'," she said. "It's a nice size."

"Oh, man! I think I'm gonna go sleep on the couch," he said.

She turned off the light and snuggled under the covers.

"Cut it out and come here," she said, as she turned her back to him and dropped her head to the pillow.

He turned over, moved his body against hers, and softly kissed her shoulder.

"They are huge though," she said, with a laugh. "They make mine look like innies."

"Oh, don't worry, Babe," Ben whispered, as he slid his hands around her body to caress her B-cup breasts, "yours are a nice size."

She elbowed him in the ribs.

"Oof," he exhaled.

For a few minutes, they whispered to each other in the dark, then fell asleep together.

The following Friday, anticipating Brit's arrival, Gaby took a long, hot bath. Her mind lingered on Brit and she enjoyed two self-induced orgasms at the thought of what might be.

She pulled back her long, dark brown hair into a ponytail. She dressed in a pair of black yoga pants and a white t-shirt, the latter she knotted at her waist, leaving a peek of skin around her middle. She wore no shoes to enhance her 5'2" height.

Brit arrived just after 3:00. Her ample, 5'7" frame was clothed in a pair of low-rise blue jeans, a tight red t-shirt which barely fell to the top of her jeans, and white tennis shoes. Her straight, dirty-blonde hair was also pulled into a ponytail, which fell to the middle of her back.

Gaby couldn't believe how nervous she felt. It had been years since she'd had butterflies in her stomach over someone -- not since she'd first begun dating Ben, in fact. As she opened the door for Brit, she was absolutely giddy.

They greeted each other, as always, by hugging. As their bodies touched, Gaby felt the same electricity she'd felt the previous week.

Gaby immediately became self-conscious that she'd held Brit too long.

Did she notice? Would she react? Gaby wondered.

She forced herself to release Brit, and tried to act casually.

They spoke for a few minutes about events at school, all the time Gaby wanted only to touch Brit again.

"Well, Brit asked, finally, "where should I start this week?"

Gaby fought the urge to respond with her true thoughts.

"You can start in Ben's office, if you like," she managed to say.

"Oh, he's not working in there today?" Brit asked.

Gaby explained the Ben was away on a project and wouldn't return until the next day.

Brit seemed a bit disappointed. Or, maybe it was Gaby's imagination.

She'd suspected that Brit had a bit of a crush on Ben -- not that Gaby was jealous. Brit just seemed to laugh more, smile more, and bounce more when Ben was around.

Brit moved around the apartment, cleaning -- they only had her do the dusting, vacuuming, and the bathroom. In truth, there wasn't much for her to do. Like many people who hire a cleaning service, they usually cleaned their own place before the service arrived.

Gaby sat on the couch in the living room and pretended to grade papers. In reality, she watched Brit's body as she bent and stretched while cleaning.

Only 21, she had a curvy, womanly body, with just a hint of baby fat -- Gaby felt sure that if she opened a dictionary to the word "voluptuous," Brit's picture would be displayed as the definition. Her cherubic face held deep, brown eyes, and pink lips Gaby was sure she could kiss for days without tiring of doing so.

Brit did not possess the pale, pasty complexion so prevalent amongst the English. She'd clearly gotten some sun during her three years in America.

Gaby could feel the wetness growing between her legs as she watched Brit move. Several times, she caught sight of Brit's panties rising above the top of her jeans. She felt as if her heart stopped each time she glimpsed the white fabric.

It took less than 90 minutes for Brit to complete her work. As she prepared to leave, Gaby asked Brit to join her on the couch.

Gaby remained silent for a few moments after Brit sat down next to her.

"I...uh...," Gaby tried to begin.

Gaby couldn't understand why she was so nervous. She'd hit on women before -- beautiful women; women she'd only wanted physically.

She nearly lost her nerve, but stumbled on.

"I don't know how to say this," she continued.

"Oh, sod it," Brit burst out. "You're giving me the sack, aren't you?"

"The sack?" Gaby repeated. "Oh, no; I'm not going to fire you, dear."

"Always happens! I work someplace for a few weeks, then the missus complains that I'm too 'sexy,' or too 'curvy,' or too 'endowed' to be around her husband, and I get the sack!" Brit cried. "I can't help it if I'm 'curvy' and their husbands are lecherous gits looking for quick wank!"

Tears began to form in Brit's eyes.

"Brit, calm down," Gaby said. "I'm not giving you the sack."

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Think about it for a second," Gaby said. "I knew you from school before I called your cleaning service, right? Why would I bring you into my home if I thought you were too sexy to be around my fiancé?"

Gaby leaned over and put her arms around Brit.

"It's OK," Gaby assured her.

Brit leaned into Gaby.

Gaby felt the heat of her body, and almost before she realized it, she turned her head and kissed Brit's lips.

For a moment, she thought Brit kissed back -- she was almost sure of it.

Gaby tore herself from Brit, stood, and took two steps away from the couch. She turned her back to Brit.

"I'm sorry, Brit," Gaby blurted. "I didn't mean to..."

Brit sat, wide-eyed, against the end of the couch.

"Wow," she said, "I've never snogged another girl before."

"No?" Gaby asked, turning back. "Never?"

"Well, I've kissed me Mum, and some of me mates when we were young, but nothing like that."

"Did you...like it," Gaby asked.

"I don't know," Brit answered.

"Oh."

"I mean, it all happened so suddenly," Brit said.

"Do you want to try it again?" Gaby asked.

Silence fell between them for several moments.

"Yes," Brit said, finally.

Gaby returned to the couch and sat down next to Brit.

"Are you sure?" Gaby asked, leaning toward her. "You don't have to."

"I..." Brit began, as Gaby's lips touched hers.

They shared a long kiss it seemed neither wished to break.

Gaby felt as if her entire body was electrified. Like a nervous teenager she moved her hands to Brit's back and pulled her closer. She slowly worked her tongue into Brit's mouth, pushing it against Brit's tongue.

Brit finally broke the kiss. Pulling back, she looked into Gaby's eyes.

"You're a really good kisser," she said, quietly.

"So are you," Gaby replied. "Do you want to do it some more?"

"Please," Brit said.

Gaby released Brit, then turned her body and got on her knees on the couch. Her head now slightly higher than Brit's, she leaned in again. As they kissed, Gaby wrapped her arms around Brit and pushed her against the arm of the couch.

Their kiss became more passionate, their breathing quickened, and Brit moved her hands to Gaby's waist.

Gaby's confidence returned. She moved her mouth to Brit's neck. She kissed hard, then trailed her tongue down Brit's jugular.

"Oh, God," Brit whispered.

"No, it's Gaby, Honey," Gaby replied, without looking up.

She reached up with her left hand and grabbed Brit's hair. Brit's head fell back, allowing Gaby greater access to Brit's neck.

As Brit reacted to the continued attention to her neck, Gaby slid her right hand onto Brit's left breast. She gently squeezed the soft, warm flesh through Brit's shirt.

"Mmmm," Brit moaned.

Gaby released Brit's hair, and leaned back slightly.

"Take your shirt off for me," she said.

Brit looked at Gaby for a moment, then arched her back as she pulled the shirt up over her head. She tossed it to the floor.

Brit's white lace bra appeared to match the panties Gaby had caught sight of earlier. Gaby could see Brit's dark nipples through the fabric. She reached out and took one large breast in each hand, feeling their weight, their warmth.

Brit slid her hands behind her back and unsnapped her bra. She pulled it downward, slipping it from between Gaby's fingers and her flesh.

Gaby again felt electricity shoot through her body. She felt on the verge of orgasm simply from touching Brit's skin.

"They're so...perfect," Gaby said.

She squeezed Brit's breasts again.

"Show me yours," Brit said.

Gaby reluctantly released Brit's breasts, and quickly removed her own shirt. It joined Brit's shirt on the floor in front of the couch.

Not wearing a bra, Gaby sat exposed to Brit.

"No comparison to yours," Gaby said.

Brit smiled.

"But, I bet you don't get backaches because of them," Brit said.

"Well, Ben really loves them," Gaby said.

"I like them too," Brit said.

Gaby cupped Brit's breasts again, pushing them together.

"Of course, there's something Ben would love to do with these," she laughed.

"Oh," Brit said, loudly, "I know what that is. The same thing every boy wants when they get my shirt off..."

"Can you blame them?" Gaby asked, giggling. "If I had a dick, I'd want to stick it between these beautiful boobs, too."

"I think it's my boyfriend's favorite thing to do," Brit said.

"How old is he?" Gaby asked.

"22," Brit answered.

"Yeah, younger guys are still fascinated by boobs," Gaby laughed. "Not that they ever completely outgrow it."

"Ben really wants that from me?" Brit asked.

"I want you to do that for him," Gaby said.

"Why?" Brit asked.

"There are two things I know Ben wants," Gaby said. "But, because of his size, or my size, I can't do them for him."

"His size?" Brit questioned. "How big is he?"

"Come on, I'll show you," Gaby said.

She stood up quickly.

"Show me? How?" Brit asked.

"Come with me," Gaby commanded, as she walked toward the hallway leading to the bedroom.

Brit stood and followed her, leaving their shirts crumpled on the floor.

Gaby turned to look at Brit. She watched Brit's breasts, now free of the restrictive bra, bounce as she walked.

"God, those things are incredible," Gaby said, and stopped to kiss Brit again.

Because of this, it took several minutes for the two women to reach the bedroom.

Gaby led Brit to the bed and pushed her down to sit on the edge. She stood between Brit's legs and kissed her mouth.

"Ben," Brit mumbled.

"He's not here, Honey," Gaby whispered.

"No," Brit said, "you said you had something to show me."

"Oh," Gaby said, looking down at Brit's chest. "Sorry. I got distracted."

Gaby turned to open a drawer in her nightstand. She removed an item and turned back to face Brit.

"Oh, my God," Brit gasped, as Gaby held a flesh colored dildo in front of her.

"This is a little shorter than Ben, but about the same thickness," Gaby said, as she wrapped both hands around its shaft.

Brit's mouth hung open.

"I got it for when Ben is away on business," Gaby said.

Brit remained speechless.

Gaby placed the toy in the middle of her chest, then pressed her breasts together, attempting to wrap them around it.

"You see?" she asked Brit. "That's one of our size problems."

Brit cleared her throat.

"Well, that's a bit of a stonker, isn't it?" Brit whispered, not taking her eyes off the latex cock.

"A what?" Gaby asked.

"Stonker," Brit repeated. "A big...uh, prick."

Gaby laughed at the word, and Brit's reaction to the toy.

"How big is your boyfriend?" Gaby asked.

"Not as big as that," she said. "He's about five inches, and not as thick."

Brit continued to stare at the toy as Gaby held it.

"What's the other thing Ben wants?" Brit asked, quietly.

Gaby leaned over to whisper in Brit's ear, as she slid the toy up between Brit's breasts.

"I see," Brit said, a moment later.

"Yes, unfortunately, it's something I'm just not built to do," Gaby said, "at least not with someone as big as Ben."

"And, you want me to do that?" Brit asked.

"Oh, I want much more than that, my dear," Gaby said. "I want you to join us because I want you!"

"OK," Brit said, tentatively.

"I'd like you to give Ben some things I can't give him myself," Gaby said. "But, you don't have to do anything you don't want to."

Gaby tossed her toy on the nightstand and sat down next to Brit on the bed.

"Don't get me wrong," Gaby said, quietly, "I'm not saying I want to run off and get married."

"I see," Brit said, not entirely sure she did.

"I love Ben; nothing is going to change that," Gaby said, reaching out to touch Brit's arm with her fingertips, "but, to tell you the absolute truth, I want to fuck you so bad that I feel like I'm going to explode. But, that's it...it's just physical."

"Oh..." Brit paused as her face flushed, "and Ben feels the same way?"

"Yes," Gaby said. "We talked about it last night. I told him how I feel."

"He doesn't mind?" Brit asked.

"Not at all," Gaby answered. "We've had other girls join us before."

"Bugger me," Brit said.

"Well, now you're just teasing me," Gaby said with a smile.

Brit laughed.

"Sorry, I didn't mean that," she said, then stopped for a moment. "Well, I mean, I didn't mean to tease."

"I know, Honey," Gaby said, "I'm just teasing back."

She reached out and ran her fingers lightly over Brit's arm.

"Ben knows I like women too," Gaby said after a few moments. "In fact, we usually find the same kind of women attractive. So, we have a sort of arrangement; either one of us can bring someone else to bed, as long as we talk about it beforehand, and we both agree."
