 Bess was so happy to see her aunt. It had been over a year since Bess left Minnesota and even though she had talked to her by phone, Bess hadn't seen Deidre in all that time. In the middle of O'Hare terminal, she gave her a big hug.

"Oh, Auntie, it is so good to see you again," she gushed and she kissed her cheek. "We have so much to talk about."

After grabbing her bag, Bess led her to the curb where they hailed a cab. Both entered it and they were on their way downtown.

"Hey, don't I know you?" the cabbie said without looking at her. "You're that sports lady at all the games."

Bess smiled. "Yes, I am. Nice of you to notice. Now please take us to the arena."

"Sure," he replied. "Wait till I tell the guys."

The cab drove them quickly to the game as Bess explained to Deidre what was going on. "I have to do the pre-game report, then the half time one, and then the postgame. I'll join you in the luxury box in between. If you want, you can watch me work. You can make Uncle Scott jealous. It is the network's box so there will be plenty of people there. Don't worry, I'll introduce you. You'll be fine."

Deidre barely had time to catch her breath, from the plane to cab and now the game. Things were moving quickly. "Wow! You're pretty busy. Did I come at a bad time?" 

"No, it is a great time," Bess explained. "I have the game tonight and then both teams, the Bulls and 'Hawks are out of town or off. I 'm off until the 11 o'clock news tomorrow night. So we'll have plenty of time together."

Bess was true to her words. Deidre stood nearby as she went through her routine and was very impressed with what she saw. Bess was the consummate pro. She asked the right questions, the coach and players seemed at ease with her, and the camera crew respected her. Up in the luxury box, Bess moved smoothly with the big wigs and seemed to fit right in. Yes, Deidre was very impressed.

The game ended with a Bulls' victory and after the wrap-up the two headed over to Bess' apartment. Deidre tried to remember everything so she could tell Scott but she wasn't much of a basketball fan. She knew he'd be jealous of her. Overall though she had a good time. They grabbed some Chinese take out for a late night feast and girl talk.

"Make yourself at home, Dee," Bess said. "If you want, you can change your clothes and put on something more casual. Relax."

Bess brought out an oversize Bear's shirt. "Here, put this on. It covers all." She already had on a Cub's shirt that reached to her mid-thigh. Barefooted, she headed for the kitchen. "Beer goes well with Chinese."

They spread out the food on the coffee table and sat on either side. They soon were laughing and discussing all sorts of things.

"Who was the big guy with the moustache?" Deidre asked.

"That's Jim, from marketing. Why?"

"Because I think he was hitting on me all game."

"That sounds like Jim." Bess laughed. "Thinks he's God's gift to women. He's married and his wife has him on a short leash. I believe if you came on to him, he'd wouldn't know what to do."

"Besides Jim, everyone else was very nice."

They talked about Carly and that she was getting married soon; the 2 boys and how college was looming for them; and of course Scott. It never ceased to amaze Bess how Deidre talked about him. She always was positive about their marriage and him. It was no act. She had never been happier.

Bess also noticed in the time Deidre knew Scott she had grown more attractive. Bess felt her aunt was always that way but now Deidre was showing it off. Whether it was self-confidence or something else, other people noticed it too. And it all seemed to come naturally.

Deidre put her beer down. "This might not be the time but I need to ask this. Why in Heaven's name did you get involved with Bonnie and Black Leather?"

"That's a fair question and I'll try to answer it," Bess began. " Since middle school, I've loved sex. From the first time I made myself cum, I knew I loved the feeling. In high school I found out I was pretty good at it too. The boys thought they were using me but really I was using them. Even the occasional girl was fine with me. Yes, Auntie, even Carly."

Deidre looked at her with a surprised look on her face. "Bess, you were so good at so many things in school. Why?"

"Maybe but it didn't come naturally. Carly was the really good volleyball player and she made everyone around her look good. Even my grades weren't easy. I was never sure what I wanted to do with my life and I didn't get much help."

"You're not going to blame..." Deidre said.

Bess raised her hand. "No blame but you know mom and dad weren't the best parents. I spent more time with you or over at Carly's. Both of them were sleeping around each, with numerous partners. Don't tell me you didn't know."

"I knew."

"So there's mom and dad, a great example of a loving couple. Then Uncle Joe leaves you for some younger bitch after you gave him everything. Every times I think of that, I can't believe it. Then Carly's mom walks out on Scott because he was stifling her. So when Bonnie approached me with the idea, I was open to it. I could do something I liked, was real good at, and make big money."

Deidre lowered her head and said quietly, "I'm sorry. I didn't know. What changed your mind?"

"That night I came over to your house in the middle of night."

"You were in bad shape," Deidre said.

"Yes but that wasn't the reason I quit. What I learned that time was to never lose control of a situation. That wasn't going to stop me. What I found out was that I was truly loved no questions asked. You, Scott, and Carly were there for me 100%. Also the way you and Scott are so much in love with each, it is so obvious. It made me think there might be someone for me. Then Carly is the best friend anyone could have. Her boyfriend is a great guy. They are just perfect for each. She has been with me all the way. So I moved to Chicago, have a great job that I'm pretty good at, made some good friends, so here I am. And I owe a lot to you, Auntie." Bess raised her beer in salute. "Thank you."

Deidre awoke the next morning to the smell of bacon, eggs, and fresh coffee.

"It is about time you got up." Bess laughed. "Thought you might sleep all morning."

"Not use to staying up that late. You know, us old people."

"You're not that old and besides you look great. Why do you think Jim hit on you? You're one sexy lady."

Deidre blushed. "So where are we off to today?"

"Remember Ferris Bueller? We are going to have a day like his, without the parade."

"That's my favorite part." Both laughed.

Bess took her to the top of the John Hancock Building first so Deidre could get a good look at the entire city. The view took her breath away even though they didn't stand on the railing. "We're not in Minnesota any more," Deidre thought.

Then it was off to North Michigan Ave for shopping, people watching, and good eating. Deidre was amazed at all the activity on the street and the variety of stores. Scott had told her not to worry about money and to have a good time. Bess and she hit all the fashion stores and tried on as much clothes as they could. Deidre found a little black dress she just had to have. With Bess' encouragement, she brought it. Of course she got all the accessories too.

After a quick, light lunch, it was off to the art museum. They both went their separate ways while in the museum. Bess liked sculpture while Deidre was drawn to the Impressionists especially Renoir and Monet. Time seemed to stand still as she wandered the hallways.

"Well, how did you like it?" Bess asked as they entered her apartment. "A lot different than the Twin Cities."

"I'll say," she said as she collapsed on the couch, dropping her packages around her. "I can see why you love it here. There is so much going on but I'll take my home town."

"Don't get too settled in," Bess said, "We have dinner reservation for 7. Not real dressy but kind of upscale. I want you to meet Nancy. I think you two will get along fine. You have time for a bath or shower if you want one."

"That sounds nice." 

Bess and Deidre left the cab and walked a short distance to the restaurant. To anyone who noticed them they seemed like two attractive women out for a night on the town. Each wore dresses that complemented their figures without calling undue notice to them. Upon entering the restaurant, they headed for the bar. "Wait here, Auntie," Bess said, "I'll see if Nancy is here. If not, we'll wait here. I'll be right back." And she left.

Deidre stood at the end of the bar, waiting. Suddenly a man's voice said, "Hi there. May I buy you a drink?" He looked about thirty as he moved closer.

Totally flustered, Deidre said nothing for a few seconds, then mumbled, "No, no thank you." In her mind, she shouted, "Bess, where are you?"

Someone grabbed her arm. Bess! "Come on Dee, Nancy waiting for us." And pulled her away.

Making their way to the table, Bess leaned closer. "What's going on here? I leave you alone for a few minutes and guys are hitting on you. Twice in 2 days. What's your secret?"

Before she could answer, they were at their table. Seated there was a woman with short chestnut hair and sparkling green eyes. She appeared to be in her mid-thirties and as she stood, she was a little shorter than Deidre.

"Hi, I'm Nancy," she said. "You must be Deidre. I've heard a lot of good things about you."

Deidre shook Nancy's hand and sat down. Already she could see why Bess liked Nancy. It seemed she was the type of person you could talk to honestly and openly. "So you are a CEO of a large company. Bess told me last night."

With that, Nancy told her about herself. She was more than a CEO; she was part owner, a wife and a mother of 2 children. It seemed Deidre had a few things in common with her.

As dinner was served, Bess spoke up. "Auntie, I owe a lot to you. You have been more than an aunt. You have been a friend, a parent, someone I admire. I can never thank you enough so with Nancy's help, I'd like to give you these." She handed Deidre an envelope.

"You don't owe me anything," Deidre replied, pushing the envelope back unopened.

"Please take it," Bess' eyes said it all.

Deidre opened the envelope. Inside it were two plane tickets, good anytime, to the Bahamas. A note explained that all expenses were to be paid. "I can't take these."

"Yes, you can," Nancy said. "Bess has told me all you have done for her. She wanted to thank you in some special way. The trip was her idea. To make it really special, I said you could use my home in the Bahamas. I need someone to watch the house sometimes so think of you working for me that week."

"Still, I don't know."

"There is no discussion here," Bess said. "Besides you can't turn down a gift. You told me that yourself, many times."

Dinner was excellent and the conversation was too. The wine loosened up Deidre to the point that it seemed as if Nancy and her were old friends. Bess had to excuse herself before the dessert was served. She had to be at the studio for the 11 o'clock news. 

"Look, I have to go now," Bess said rising from the table. "Should be done by midnight."

Nancy looked at Bess then Deidre. "How about we go back to my place? It's not far and you can meet us there. Ok?"

"Ok with me. Auntie?"

The three left the restaurant together. Bess took a cab to the studio and the others walked to Nancy's apartment. It was quite a place.

"It's the company's. I stay here if I'm working late or there is bad weather or I just need time alone. Make yourself comfortable."

Deidre did just that. She removed her shoes and stretched on the couch. She stifled a yawn.

"I saw that," Nancy said bringing out two glasses and a bottle of wine. "You know if it is a problem, you can stay here. I'm sure I have something you can wear. Let's go look." 

Nancy led Deidre into the bedroom and walked to her dresser. She pulled open a drawer and stood looking into it. She reached in and took out 2 mid-thigh length nightgowns. One was light blue, the other dark pink. "We seem to be about the same size. Pick one."

Deidre chose the blue one and went the bathroom to change. After undressing and putting on the gown, it was obvious that they were only close in size. She opened the bathroom door and entered the room.

Nancy did a double take and then said, "Wow!"

Deidre's breasts overflowed the top and the thin straps strained to hold them. "I guess I'm a little bigger than you."

"That's alright. It's just us girls." Nancy thought to herself, "She looks fantastic," and an idea began to take shape. "Let's go back to the living room and talk."

Nancy poured a glass of wine for each of them as they sat at opposite ends of the couch. Nancy kept the lights low and turned on some soft music. They sat in silence, sipping their wine, both relaxed. 

Nancy broke the silence. "You don't have to answer this if you don't want to but did Bess actually seduced your husband?"

"Well, Scott wasn't my husband then. Bess introduced us later but yes, she did."

"That doesn't bother you?"

"Not really. Scott was going through a rough time. His wife had just walked out him so Bess decided she could help. A little unusual, I'll admit."

"Well, Scott is a very lucky man. Bess, now you." Nancy moved closer to Deidre and put her hand on Deidre's thigh.

Deidre took a drink of her wine and Nancy topped it off.

"Now it's my turn," Deidre said. "How did you meet Bess?"

"In all honesty, I was one of her clients. I was on a business trip to St. Paul and I wanted someone to be with. A mutual friend suggested Bess."

"So you and her...?"

"Occasionally. When we feel the need. Yes we are lovers but she is also my best friend. Perhaps you and I..." All the time Nancy kept rubbing Deidre's thigh.

Deidre looked at Nancy's hand and could feel the warmth. "Are you hitting on me?" she laughed.

"What would you say if I was? Would that be a bad thing?"

Sitting back in her seat, Deidre said, "I'd tell you that you are barking up the wrong tree. I'm not a lesbian, which is why I married Scott."

Nancy sighed loudly and replied, "I'm married too. Gay, straight, bi-, lesbian. We have all these labels that we place on everyone, like everyone belongs in a box. The gays in this box, the straights in this one. I don't consider myself a lesbian either. Some days I crave a big, hard, throbbing, pulsing cock. I want to lick it, suck it, and fuck it. Then there are other times, I feel like diving into the slick, silky soft folds of a creamy pussy. I want to lick it, taste it, and drink all the lovely juices."

Deidre felt her face blushing as she listened to Nancy. She had never in her life been sexually attracted to any woman, but there was something about Nancy that was getting to her. Maybe it was the alcohol. She realized that she had been holding her breath, listening to the sexy sound of Nancy's voice. When Nancy slid her hand higher on Deidre's thigh, Dee realized just how wet she had become.

Nancy slid closer and when Deidre looked at her, Nancy smiled warmly and said, "It's okay to try something different, you know. It won't mean you're a lesbian either, just that you are adventurous. Why don't you come with me to the bedroom. I'll let you decide how far we go, and if you are uncomfortable, we'll stop."

It was so difficult for Deidre to think straight at this moment. The past two days had been so great. "I...I don't think that...I could do that. I just..."

"Ssshhh, just let yourself go for a change," Nancy said, reaching up and caressing the side of Deidre's face. "Take a chance and allow yourself to have a very pleasurable experience. I promise you won't regret it."

"But...I never..." Deidre's mind was in a quandary. She knew she should say no, she wasn't a lesbian and she wasn't into having sex with someone she just met, but for some reason, she didn't no.

"It's okay, I'll teach you."

There was something about Nancy that Deidre couldn't resist. She was nervous and shaking as she nodded her head and whispered, "Okay, I'll try." She almost felt guilty when she said it and nearly recanted, but when she saw Nancy's bright beaming smile, she felt better.

"Would it be alright if I kissed you?" Nancy asked.

Deidre's eyes looked at Nancy's lips for a second, then back up into her eyes and she nodded. Once again Nancy smiled and moved closer. As she moved closer, Deidre could smell her perfume and it smelled really good.

The kiss was one of the most sensuous, erotic kisses she had ever experienced and it made her juices flow and her nipples harden. She had never felt such soft lips and when she felt the tip of Nancy's tongue touch her lips and slide between them, she almost had an orgasm right then. By the time the kiss broke, she was breathing heavily, her eyes closed and her mouth open slightly, the moisture causing her lips to shine

"Mmm, let's go to the bedroom," Nancy said, ushering Deidre down the hallway towards the bedroom. Like she was in a dream, Deidre allowed herself to be led into the bedroom and over to the bed. It was so strange to be here with this woman, who wanted to have sex with her, and the strangest thing was she wanted it too.

Deidre sat on the edge of the bed, her body trembling from nervousness and excitement. Nancy stood in front of her and caressed her face gently, pushing her hair to the side and tucking it behind her ear. She bent over, tipped Deidre's head up, and started kissing her face. Starting at her forehead, she slowly kissed down around her eye to her cheek. She moved close to her mouth, and then teasingly moved away, kissing back along her jawbone to the spot just below her ear. She spent some time gently kissing, licking, sucking and nibbling the sensitive spot. She could tell by her reaction Deidre was enjoying it.

Nancy moved up so her lips were at Deidre's ear and she whispered, "I want to lick every inch of your sexy body." She felt Deidre shudder. Nancy grinned as she moved down, licking Deidre's neck.

She had never been with a woman before but her whole body felt like it was melting when Nancy was nibbling below her ear. When she whispered that she wanted to lick every inch of her body, Deidre's pussy got wetter. God, how she wanted this woman more than anything right now.

Deidre felt the straps of her gown being pushed down and her top lowered. She could feel the cool air against her breasts.

"You are so sexy," Nancy whispered with a smile. Her hands slid down the sides of Deidre's breasts as she continued to kiss her on the cheek and below the ear. She slid her mouth around and kissed her. It was a deep passionate kiss and she slid her tongue into her mouth, causing Deidre to moan, her breaths coming in ragged gasps.

This was more intense than the first one. Nancy's tongue was everywhere in Deidre's mouth. Deidre no longer cared. Her body was responding to every touch as if she was being shocked.

Nancy noticed a difference in this kiss about halfway through it. Whereas before, Deidre was stiff and tense, she was now responsive and relaxed. Pulling back from the kiss, Nancy leaned down further and kissed the top of one of Deidre's breast. She lifted it in her hand and looked at the erect nipple surrounded by a large, half-dollar size aureole. "Beautiful," she said and gently sucked the nipple into her mouth.

"Heavenly" was the word that came to Deidre's mind as to what it felt like having Nancy's lips wrapped around her nipple. She was so turned on at that moment that her panties were soaked from her flowing juices. She felt herself being gently pushed backwards and she allowed herself to be lowered across the bed, Nancy's lips never leaving her nipple. Nancy's tongue swirled around and around eliciting shivers of delight from Deidre. She squeezed her thighs together, her pussy throbbing.
