 "So what's this surprise that you're going to show me?" Annamarie asked Rosemarie as they went to her room.

"If I told you now, then it wouldn't be a surprise, right?" Rosemarie replied letting Annamarie into her room. Once inside, she locked the door and then went over to her PC and turned it on. As it was booting up, she asked her friend if she wanted anything to drink. Annamarie said that whatever was in the fridge would do. Rosemarie ran downstairs and quickly returned with two glasses filled with ice and a 1.5-liter bottle of Pepsi. There was nobody else at her house. That was good. Rosemarie didn't want anyone to spoil the fun that she wanted to share with her best friend.

Annamarie sat down on the bed and took of her shoes. "Aren't we going to try on the stuff we bought?" she asked.

"We can do that after we check this out," Rosemarie told her. "Do you remember D.J.? That guy we met a couple of weeks ago?"

"Yeah. Why? Wait a minute—let me guess," Annamarie said as Rosemarie opened what appeared to be a long text document. "He sent you one of his stories already?"

"Yeah, he did. Come here—check it out."

"Have you read it?" Annamarie asked as she pulled up a chair and sat next to Rosemarie.

"A little...only the good parts...I want you to read it too...it sort of has you in it..." Rosemarie explained.

"Me?" Annamarie said, surprised.

"Well...you and me," Rosemarie said.

"Hmmm! Well...okay...why not?"

The two girls sat in front of the PC, reading the story. From time to time, one of them would comment on it. Mostly, though, they just read it quietly. They both had to admit—D.J. was pretty good at this kind of story. Rosemarie mentioned that D.J. often wrote erotic fiction as a kind of practice for writing other kinds of stories. Annamarie replied that he was probably a very good writer since this story was very fascinating.

When they reached the steamier parts, Rosemarie began to get a familiar feeling. Although she was still dressed, she could feel a kind of urgent throbbing in her flower, like she needed to go to the bathroom. She remembered something D.J. told her during a previous phone conversation. He asked her way before if she ever orgasmed while watching erotic films. She said that she didn't really know, although it wasn't as if she actually checked to see if she did. D.J. then told her that the next time she watched an erotic film and felt like she had an orgasm, she could determine if she did by feeling her flower. If it was wet, most likely she did have an orgasm.

Rosemarie looked at Annamarie. Her best friend was still busy reading the story. She knew that she would be teased mercilessly if she decided to go to the bathroom but, finally, she told herself, what the heck, I think I'll go find out.

"Hey, Anna, move over. I have to go to the bathroom."

As she expected, Annamarie smirked. "Ha! Getting aroused already? What are you going to do in there, huh?" 

"Just use the toilet, that's all. I've already had two glasses of soda, mind you. You're not even drinking any of yours."

"What a lame excuse," Annamarie said with a chuckle.

"Fine, whatever," Rosemarie said, pretending to be mad but unable to stop herself from laughing a little too. As she got up to go to the bathroom, Annamarie suddenly brushed the crotch of her jeans.

"Ha-ha! It's wet! You are getting aroused!" she cried triumphantly.

"Hmmmph! No way!" Rosemarie said with mock annoyance. But as she was heading for the bathroom, she thought about what her friend just did. Annamarie's touch on her crotch was only a quick gesture meant to catch her by surprise but she also felt a strange excitement. The story that D.J. e-mailed her had a fairly graphic scene where she and Annamarie made love to each other. She skimmed through it the night before and she felt funny after reading that scene. Again, she hadn't really checked if she had orgasmed—but she felt the front of her panties and found it damp.

Inside the privacy of the bathroom, she unzipped her jeans and lowered them slightly. She reached inside her panty gingerly and touched her flower. It wasn't wet but, as a further test, she slipped her finger slightly inside. There she could feel a growing wetness that she knew had nothing to do with the Pepsi she'd been drinking. She moved her finger a bit inside her flower. As she did so, a small moan escaped her lips. That feels good, she thought and wondered if she could play with her flower for a while but she knew that Annamarie would be waiting for her to come out with a knowing smirk on her face and tease her about it all afternoon and all night long.

Annamarie continued to read the story while waiting for Rosemarie to come out of the bathroom. She had expected it to be something like the ones she sometimes read in the tabloids, with the focus mostly on sexual intercourse. Instead, it had turned out to be better than that since D.J. had included more dialogue between herself and Rosemarie in the story that wasn't simply moans and screams while she and her best friend had sex. It was actually quite nice and rather romantic, even if it was about two girls. Truth be told, though, she did love Rosemarie and she knew Rosemarie felt the same way about her. They'd been best friends for practically forever. They'd been through a lot of things together, good times and bad times, and they'd always been there for each other. They were like sisters—or maybe even closer than sisters.

As she read the part where she and Rosemarie began to make love, Annamarie unconsciously leaned in closer and her hand moved towards her left breast. Her index finger began to rub against her nipple, still enclosed behind her bra. A bead of sweat dropped from her forehead as she imagined herself kissing her best friend before slowly stripping off her clothes.

The sound of the bathroom door opening broke her daydream. Annamarie turned to see Rosemarie coming out. "So—did you have fun?" she asked. 

Rosemarie simply stuck her tongue out at her and sat back down beside her. "What part are you at now?" she asked.

"Oh, I'm already at that part where we're on the bed and we're kissing. We're already in our underwear," Annamarie said in a casual way. Rosemarie, however, noticed a slight hitch in her voice. She also glimpsed Annamarie's left nipple outlined underneath her shirt. Shouldn't have worn such a thin bra today, Anna, Rosemarie thought, smiling.

Annamarie noticed. "What's that for?" she wanted to know. Rosemarie just kept on smiling as if she knew some secret about her best friend. Annamarie took a drink of soda. "You want to keep reading?" Rosemarie asked her.

"Sure. After all, I'm not the one who had to go to the bathroom," Annamarie replied.

They continued with the part where they were kissing each other while sitting face to face on the bed in what was supposed to be Rosemarie's room. Annamarie noted how D.J. got a lot of the details right. He must have asked her about it, she thought. He got the color of our underwear wrong, though. At that thought, she felt the urge to touch her left nipple again; she could feet it straining against her bra. Rosemarie had a hand on her left leg. It wasn't moving but just the feel of it sent something like an electrical charge running towards her body, especially between her legs. Now she felt like going to the bathroom. She tried hard to control herself since she knew that Rosemarie would be glad for the chance to tease her back but when she got to the part of the story where Rosemarie was kissing her cleavage, followed by her nipples, Annamarie couldn't stand it anymore. She stood up, murmuring something about needing to use the toilet. Instead of teasing her, however, Rosemarie just smiled and said, "Okay." But then she reached up and lightly pinched Annamarie's left nipple. Unable to control herself, Annamarie moaned softly. Then she blushed. 

"Sorry...but you did touch me too, you know," said Rosemarie with another of those knowing smiles. "But go on, if you have to use the bathroom. I'll wait for you to come back so we can finish the story together."

Annamarie silently entered the bathroom. Once inside, she leaned against the door, listening to the pounding of her heart. She touched her left nipple. It was erect. She touched her other nipple and found it erect as well. The story was having an effect on her. Part of her wanted to tell Rosemarie that she wanted to go home already but another part of her wanted to stay, not just to read the story but to make it real. She had often told her best friend that she loved her; Rosemarie had also told her the same thing often enough. Now, thanks to the story, she had an idea how she could also do something to show Rosemarie just how much and how intensely she loved her.

With her mind made up, Annamarie began to remove her outerwear. Then she exited the bathroom quietly, but with her heart still beating loudly. She hoped that Rosemarie wouldn't hear it.

Rosemarie didn't move when she heard Annamarie come out of the bathroom. She was still riveted to the lovemaking scene in the story. D.J. had written it very well—well enough that she could feel her flower getting very wet. Suddenly, she felt a pair of hands cup her breasts. She looked up. Annamarie was smiling tentatively at her while she held her breasts. She was wearing only her underwear. Rosemarie immediately realized what was on her mind. In a way, she was relieved. The night before, after reading the lovemaking scene, she wondered what it would be like to make love to Annamarie, whom she always considered pretty, even more so than herself (although D.J. said that her own prettiness complemented Annamarie's perfectly). She also thought that it would be such a magical experience since she loved her best friend. Now it looked like she was finally going to get what she wanted. Or, to be more precise, they would both get what they wanted.

Rosemarie stood up and faced Annamarie. She gently removed her best friend's hands and began to take off her clothes. Annamarie stood and watched her best friend disrobe. She found herself admiring Rosemarie's body. She'd always though that she was chubby; Rosemarie, however, constantly reassured her that she was sexy. Even D.J. said that she was sexily curvaceous, not like some girls who were way too thin to even be considered as sexy, much less healthy. As he told Rosemarie before, the two of them complemented each other perfectly.

Once Rosemarie was down to her underwear, she took a good look at Annamarie. Her best friend was wearing a black, semi-transparent bra that showed off her erect nipples clearly. Annamarie had bigger breasts than she did, something that turned her on as she looked at her. Her body was curvy in the right places and her mestiza complexion showed how well her Spanish and Filipino roots mixed together. Underneath her lacy black panties, Rosemarie could see Annamarie's brownish-blonde pubic hair covering her flower.

On Annamarie's part, she enjoyed gazing at Rosemarie's truly Filipino morena complexion. Her breasts were proportionate to her size and were covered by a bikini-type bra with diagonal stripes in front. She was slender but not skinny. Her panty was also like a bikini bottom and hid her flower completely, although she could glimpse a little hair peeking out from the top. Annamarie wanted to see it already but she controlled herself. She didn't want this to end so quickly.

At first, they only looked at each other shyly. Then they stepped closer, moving into each other's arms. Their lips met and their embraces grew tighter as they pulled each other closer. At first, their lips gently brushed against each other but were soon pressed together rather firmly. Their tongues slid and rubbed against one another, bringing even more pleasure to the two girls.

When they broke off their kiss, they were both smiling. Rosemarie gestured towards the bed. "Shall we?" she whispered. Annamarie nodded. Rosemarie led her by the hand and lay herself down in the middle of the bed. Annamarie knew what to do. She lowered herself onto Rosemarie and they began to kiss, more intensely this time around. At the same time, Annamarie cupped Rosemarie's right breast and began to squeeze it gently. Then she pinched the nipple the way Rosemarie did when she was on her way to the bathroom a while ago. Rosemarie moaned softly. "Ummm...Annamarie..."

Annamarie shifted positions somewhat and took Rosemarie's breasts in her hands, kneading and squeezing, pinching and pulling the nipples, while they French-kissed each other. Rosemarie broke off from their kiss and felt the sweet sensation coming from her breasts. "Annamarie...Annamarie...ummmm....that's so good...hhhhaaaahhhh...." was all she could manage to say. Her eyes were shut tight, as if she was asleep and caught in a dream.

Annamarie smiled at her friend's reaction. She let go of Rosemarie's breasts, reached behind her, and then undid her bra and put it aside. Then she took her best friend's breasts in her hands again. This time, she played with them with a bit harder. "Hey, Rosemarie...watch this," she said.

Rosemarie opened her eyes. Annamarie smiled at her first and then slowly put her tongue out. The tip flicked against Rosemarie's right nipple. An electric shock went through Rosemarie, almost making her cry out loud. Annamarie did it again, then began to lick Rosemarie's nipple as if it was a lollipop. Rosemarie shut her eyes again and just savored the sensation of Annamarie's actions. She was moaning much more frequently now as Annamarie switched to her left nipple. Moments later, she began to alternate between her best friend's breasts, using her mouth, tongue, and hands on them.

After a while, Annamarie stopped. "Hey, Rosemarie...look at me," she told her best friend again. Rosemarie opened her eyes and did as she was told. "What is it, Annamarie?"

"You like what I've been doing, don't you?" Annamarie asked. An idea had come into her head.

"Yeah, I do...I love it, Annamarie," she said.

"Good...because now I want you to do it to me," Annamarie said. She took off her bra and positioned herself so that her breasts were close enough to Rosemarie's face.

"Okay," Rosemarie said, smiling. She was glad that she had a turn to pleasure her best friend. She remembered what it said in the story and what Annamarie did to her. First, she squeezed Annamarie's breasts, gently enough not to hurt Annamarie but enough to make her nipples erect. Annamarie's eyes were shut and she bit her lip as ripples of pleasure spread from her breasts out to her entire body. Rosemarie then took Annamarie's left nipple into her mouth and began to suck it like an infant. Or not exactly like an infant, since she used her tongue to play with her nipple. Then she transferred her mouth to the right and did it again. Annamarie cried out softly: "Rosemarie...! Yesss...!!! Ummmmhhh!!!"

Rosemarie continued suckling and fondling Annamarie's nipples. She was getting excited as well since Annamarie was rubbing her body against hers as the pleasure she was feeling took control of her. She could feel Annamarie's flower and hers, still contained in their respective undergarments, rubbing against each other. She knew her flower was wet already; Annamarie's was most likely in the same state.

"Rosemarie, Rosemarie...stop...stop..." she heard Annamarie saying. She let go of Annamarie's breasts. "What is it, Annamarie?" she asked, worried that she might have bitten her best friend or hurt her in some other way.

"Oh, Rosemarie...that was so good..." Annamarie gave Rosemarie a long, deep kiss.

"You liked it?" Rosemarie asked when their lips parted.

"Yes, my dear friend, I did. And now I'm going to give you a nice gift for being so good to me." Annamarie got up and knelt between Rosemarie's legs. Again, she smiled at her best friend. "Are you ready?" she asked. Rosemarie simply nodded. She knew what was coming and waited with barely contained eagerness for what Annamarie would do next.

Annamarie slowly began to remove Rosemarie's panties. She was enjoying the look of eagerness on her best friend's face. Once she'd stripped her bare, Annamarie lay down beside her and kissed her again. Rosemarie responded in kind. After a long moment, Annamarie's lips and hands settled on Rosemarie's breasts. First, she kissed the left one from the base up until she came to the erect nipple. She took it into her mouth and used her tongue to play with it, just as Rosemarie had done to her. Rosemarie's body bucked upward slightly; she held onto Annamarie's head and pushed it down, as if trying to put all of her breast inside Annamarie's mouth. 

"Annamarie...ooohhh..." Rosemarie whispered. She opened her eyes briefly to watch Annamarie expertly sucking her nipple while she kneaded the other with her right hand. The sight was almost too much for Rosemarie to bear. Then she saw her best friend let go of her left breast. Annamarie's free hand traveled gently down her body, caressing her stomach, until Rosemarie felt it close around her flower. Annamarie gave her flower a squeeze, causing Rosemarie to gasp as this new sensation coursed through her.

Annamarie was pleased at the reaction she got. She continued to squeeze and rub Rosemarie's flower, feeling its wetness increase with the pressure of her hand. When she thought that it was wet and lubricated enough, she slowly inserted her middle finger between the petals of Rosemarie's flower.

"A-annamarie...aaahhhh..." Rosemarie whispered, "gently...please...gently..." Annamarie stopped her finger from going further in, although she didn't take it out. Instead, she began to kiss Rosemarie on the lips once more, harder and firmer. Rosemarie kissed back just as intensely. Annamarie also played with her best friend's nipples with her lips, tongue, and free hand. Rosemarie held onto her hair like it was a life preserver in a rough sea.

Several moments later, Rosemarie touched Annamarie's hand to indicate that she wanted her best friend to continue what she'd been doing. Annamarie started to insert her finger inside Rosemarie's flower again, very gently and slowly this time around. Rosemarie felt Annamarie's middle finger sliding inside her until it was deep in her flower.

Annamarie moved her finger slightly while kissing Rosemarie. Her best friend's pussy felt hot and wet. Soon, her finger began to move a bit more easily. Annamarie explored the inside of Rosemarie's flower, searching for her delicate little flower bud. After a few moments, she found it and rubbed it experimentally with her fingertip. 

Rosemarie felt Annamarie's fingertip touch something inside her and the ensuing rush of pleasure blotted out anything else she was feeling. From what D.J. had told her, Annamarie had probably found what he called her "flower bud". Annamarie touched it again and Rosemarie felt another wave of pleasure. 

"Annamarie...! Oh, wowwww...!" she cried out. She no longer cared if anyone heard her. She was in ecstasy. Annamarie began to slide her finger in and out of her flower; every time she put her finger in, she made sure she reached Rosemarie's bud and played with it.

Rosemarie's eyes were shut as her body bucked gently up and down to the rhythm of Annamarie's finger. She was enjoying every moment of what her best friend was doing to her. She didn't want Annamarie to stop fingering her flower.

Annamarie, however, had another idea that she'd picked up from D.J.'s story. She kept on fingering Rosemarie and kissing her breasts but then her lips slowly began to move down her body. Annamarie briefly halted at Rosemarie's navel to lick and suck it. Her best friend cried out in pleasure and bucked her body upwards almost uncontrollably. After a while, she continued moving down. For a few moments, she kissed and licked the inside of Rosemarie's thighs and the sides of her crotch. Then she zeroed in on her target: Rosemarie's wet flower. 
