 Note: This is my first story, so please any comments are welcomed. Note 2: All members of this story are at least 18 years old. 

Enjoy. Xxxx

*

We have been best friends for many years, and both are cheerleaders, she is the captain and I am the co-captain. I am 5'10 with long, straight, black hair and I have 32 D breasts. Rebecca is 5'9 and has blond hair that is always perfectly styled. Obviously being cheerleaders we are extremely popular and we run the school. Rebecca or Becky as most people call her is absolutely adorable consequently boys always drool over her, as do I. 

We were getting changed after a tough workout, when Becky asked me to spend the weekend at her house, as her parents were away on business this weekend. I agreed to go oven after I went home to grab some clothes. I knocked on her door and she opened it looking extremely sexy in a pair of skin-tight, black jeans and a low-cut, red top. I couldn't help but stare; fortunately I managed to regain myself before she caught me looking at her radiant tits. Becky smiled and led the way into her massive home. 

"Come on I have this new DVD that I want to watch, will you watch it with me Lizzie?" she asked in a sexy, seductive voice. 

"Yeah sure, you don't have to ask." I replied while dropping my bags in her hallway. 

Becky led the way into her front room and we sat on the sofa cuddling like we always did. I had managed a trick of looking down her top to see her amazing tits, with out her realising. The movie started and in a scene there was some lesbian action with huge amounts of detail. I began to get extremely wet especially with the girls of my dreams cuddling up to me. I hoped that Becky wouldn't realise my wetness of how uncomfortable I had became. Suddenly feeling my apprehension she turned off the movie. 

"I want to show you what I brought in town last week, I am sure that you will love it." Becky took my hand and started to lead the way into her bedroom. "Wait here on the bed I will be with you in a moment." 

I waited, desperate for her to return. Finally she did! Becky looked stunning in a see through baby pink top and a pink thong. My mouth dropped open in shock and I couldn't help but stare, this time I couldn't regain myself to stop staring. 

She laughed as she walked over to me, swaying her hips seductively as she walked. "Lizzie your staring at me. "

"Sorry Becky it's just that you look so beautiful."

"Lizzie don't be sorry I have seen the way you look at me, obviously you want to have sex with me and tonight you are going to get the chance." With that she leaned forward and kissed me. The kiss was gentle at first, but then I slid my tongue into her mouth and the kiss increased in passion. Moments later she broke the kiss breathing heavily. I let her catch her breath, amazed at her natural beauty. 

Eventually I couldn't resist and I kissed her with the same intensity as before. I needed more so I soon had my hands up her back and feeling her up. This time I broke off the kiss and took of her top to see those tits that I have come to adore. Again I was flabbergasted at her tits so I froze, seeing me freeze Becky instantly put her impressive tit to my mouth. I knew what she wanted me to do and not wanting to fail her I gently began to lick her nipple, her nipples instantly became hard so I really went to town on them then., or so to speak. 

I put her nipple into my mouth and began to suck it, rather like a baby would do to its mother; she began to moan as I continued to please her. Her moans began to increase as I massaged her other tit with my hand. I knew that she wanted more so I began to move down kissing her belly and as I moved down. 

Eventually i came to her thong and I started to lick her pussy through her panties, soon they were dripping wet. I wanted to tease her so I removed her thong with my teeth and when I had it off I licked and kissed my way up her leg, slowly getting to her most treasured area. 

"Lizzie, baby, please stop teasing me and just lick my fucking pussy!" Becky commanded. I didn't want to displease her so I started to lick her pussy. I was gentle at first just licking her softly but as her moans became deeper and louder I just wanted to give her pleasure so I began to lick with more intensity. However, to tease her further i left her now soaking pussy and kiss her intently again, after a few moments she pushed me away. 

"Lizzie, please make me cum, come on baby make me cum." I smile as I make my descent to her pussy once again. I begin to lick her clit, at the same time I ram my index finger into her extremely tight and wet pussy. Her eyes open in pure lust and a grunt escapes her lips. Wanting to make her cum I start to move my finger in and out of her and quickly her hips began to thrust against my hand. Feeling her pussy loosen I add another finger and my other hand moves to her breasts I adore. She moans even louder and her breathing is racing. Finally her pussy clamped down on my fingers and she lets out a cry of pleasure as she cums on my fingers. Looking deep into her eyes I remove my fingers and lick them clean. She then presses my lips to hers and kisses me deeply. 

"Thank you baby, that was amazing."

"Do you like the way you taste baby?" I asked with a huge grin. 

"Yeah." She replied. "But I bet I'm going to like the way you taste more." I grinned at her as she unbuttoned my jeans. Quickly she removed my jeans and immediately started to lick my pussy. I moaned in pure delight. 

Becky wasted no time in inserting a finger into my now dripping cunt. Not only did she move her fingers in and out of me rapidly, she also vigorously licked my clit. My moans quickly increased in volume and also intensity. Seeing me close Becky smiled a beautiful smile that was making me even closer to cum.

Finally Becky added another finger into my cunt and starting grinding it in and out even quicker. Also with her other hand she massaged my breast until the nipples became so hard that they started to hurt. Eventually, I couldn't hold on any longer and my cum burst into her awaiting mouth. 

Thankfully she allowed me to catch my breath and compose myself. Becky then kissed her way up my body and kissed me hard and passionately on the lips. 

"I hope that this wont be a one time thing." I asked Becky. 

"Defiantly not, this was amazing fun." 

With that me and Becky settled down and cuddle asleep together dreaming of our next romantic adventure.