 The following story recounts my second lesbian experience and is a true story. I have only been with two women; both very different, despite them both working in the sex industry. Natalie, who I have written about before, was outrageous, overly sexual and extroverted. Beth, this other girl, was shy and high-strung. She was a Penthouse Pet who was a third-year Medicine undergraduate. She hated the PR part of her job and attended the events that I was booked to reluctantly. She was five years older than me – 23 to my 18 years – and was elegant, mature. She was a bit intimidating at first but we got along well as she liked my sarcastic commentaries and rather nasty remarks towards some of the less suave male fans of the publication. 

I mentioned I found her very sexy to Nat, who I was dating at the time and Nat told me to seduce her! I couldn't quite believe her response but at this time, my self-confidence was at an all-time high. Nat made me feel like the most beautiful and desirable woman on earth. I also still had two boyfriends competing for my attention, although I was getting sick of the party boy antics of one of them. The work I was doing also inflated my ego – seeing hordes of men and women drool over me on a daily basis fed into my exhibitionistic side. I was doing promotional modelling work, really just dressing in skimpy outfits and representing brands like Penthouse Australia when they needed extras. I was working a nightclub promotional gig with Beth on the weekend and Nat suggested that I seduce her then! She even gave me the key to her apartment (I still lived with my parents!). Nat was going out all night and said she'd be home early in the morning, she'd sleep on the couch if we were in the bed together, unless Beth wanted more company?

I was nervous. I had seduced men before, it seemed too easy, but Beth was a real challenge to me. I took twice as long to get ready. I sat in my bedroom, in front of my lit make-up mirror, heavy metal blasting as I did dark smoky eye make-up and a dramatic brow. My platinum blonde hair brushed against my breasts in length, I curled some pieces and plaited some to twist around the tiara Penthouse gave me to wear. Nat bought me lots of underwear. She earned crazy money and was very generous, she liked her princess to look pretty (when I was allowed to wear panties!). I chose a sensuous black lace set with diamante detailing. I was happy with how I looked. I am small yet curvy, with 8G natural breasts and shapely long legs. My face is quite nice, I have high cheekbones, big blue eyes and large lips. I have a lot of fun playing up my features with makeup, like I did tonight. Penthouse had told me to wear a black singlet, short black skirt with black heels. I anticipated they would want me to wear a sash with something written on it – they seemed pretty hot on those things and it would match the tacky tiara. 

I got in my car and drove the hour to Nat's apartment and let myself in. She wasn't home, she was over at her friend's. She lived in a nice seaside inner city suburb, a sweet apartment with a beach view close to the main strip. Nat liked being close to the action. My family lived on the outskirts of my city, in a valley; pretty area but as an eighteen year old, I wished I lived in the city. I cleaned up a bit – Nat wasn't particularly tidy. I mixed myself a bourbon and diet cola, called a cab and stood on the balcony, watching the summer breeze play with the palms. I felt jittery as I sipped the drink and wondered whether I would be coming back here with Beth or not.

When I got to the club, at 9pm, it was too early to be busy. Beth was already there. She was always early, anxious and doing some of her medical school work in an inconspicuous spot. She didn't drink or do drugs or party – she just came to things with her bag of clothes and books, changed into jeans afterwards and drove home. Another reason Beth was a challenge for me to seduce! She was a bit taller than my five foot five, pretty pale skin (unlike a lot of other industry people who practically live in a solarium) and had long thick brown hair. Her face was incredible – big deep blue eyes, wide full mouth with a small perfect nose. The first thing you noticed was her beauty; then how intense she was. A lot of people found her high-strung personality and fast-thinking and talking weird or off-putting. I found it charming. If she hadn't lived in another city and just drove down to my city for the odd event, I would have liked to get to know her a whole lot better...

I sat next to her on a cramped couch in the staff area and we talked a bit. She was still quite shy with me, I don't think she quite knew what to make of me yet. She liked how I had done my hair and complimented my skills at beauty and hair stuff. I offered to do her hair and enjoyed every moment of twisting my fingers in her thick beautiful bronze hair. I made her laugh with my insults about the poxy two cent tiara and the irony of the world's cheapest signifier of class and royalty and shit. I stole some fresh roses from some nearby vases and put them in our hair, which delighted her. At ten o'clock, we went to see the co-sponsor, a big alcohol company and were given the sash we needed to wear across our chests. It had something stupid to say, as they always did, adding the word sex to the drink product. We giggled over it and she touched my bare arm lingeringly as she leaned against me. I felt goosebumps prickle all over me. She smelled lovely; I still think of her when I come across Givenchy's 'Organza' as it was her perfume – and at that moment, she looked over at me, with something in her eyes, like she was thinking about me sexually, maybe not for the first time. I had learned that the sex industry was full of gorgeous lesbians. It was not unlikely Beth was one of them – or at least, she was bi, like me...

We stood where we were meant to until a winner for some competition was announced on the stage and then we had to hand over the prizes, which were holidays and sky-diving, certificates and stuff, no giant checks or anything impressive looking. The prize winner was really drunk, he stank of garlic and body odour and he wouldn't stop hugging and groping us. Beth kept grimacing at me; she wasn't as used to this kind of crap as I was, this was perhaps the second or third promo gig she'd done. I hated the touchy-feely ones too but had learned to grin and bear it whilst I was being paid $150 an hour. Off the clock; the dude would be wearing a drink or something. We were booked to hand out samples of the drink for an hour, this would be a killer and then, we could leave.

The funny part of my work with Penthouse was that I was told to say that I had been photographed in the magazine and often, men would ask me for the issue number because they wanted to see me in nothing more than a staple and there seemed to be a lot of men with every issue released at home. I just made up some numbers and hoped they either forgot to look or I wouldn't see them again! I had been photographed, in lingerie and clothes, in lesser publications but never any of note. I had a lot of these queries tonight and Beth couldn't stop laughing at the increasingly absurd stories I was spinning. I pointed out the gorgeous massive posters of all her covers in the club, all the posters promoting her appearance and joked that those men ignored the hot Ferrari for the forbidden fruit, the seldom eroticised but still functional Volvo. She laughed at my dorky jokes and I melted. Perhaps we were going to spend the night together after all...

When we were out back, just the two of us and she was stepping into her jeans, I nervously asked her if she'd like to hang out and have a drink. She became nervous too and said, "Not alcohol. I hate drinking." I said we could do coffee, we were inside a huge entertainment complex and I knew lots of great coffee places. We ended up at a nice Italian spot, close to a chemist where I once worked for a while and used to have coffees with workers from other shops. Beth seemed jumpy and tense as we waited for our order and I wondered whether I had went too far. I tried to put her at ease, asking her questions about her family, which was a bad move as it was a sore spot. I reverted back to small talk and silly jokes, which seemed to relax her and after about twenty minutes, I was surprised when she asked if I'd like to share a piece of cake with her.

I watched her order at the counter, noticing how men and women openly stared at her, appreciating her lovely face and body. Even in loose jeans and a t-shirt, there was no hiding her beautiful hourglass shape. When the cake arrived, things got friendlier with us as we leaned in close and picked at the tiramisu. She became nervous again when she asked me if I was seeing anyone romantically. I said that was a complicated question. I didn't like the idea of someone 'owning me' and I am bi, so I was seeing a few people, nothing exclusive. I couldn't miss the way her face lit up. She lowered her eyes shyly and said she thought she was a lesbian but she had only kissed women. She had never been with men and didn't want to. She used the prize winner as an unfortunate example of finding men repulsive. I invited her back to the apartment. She said yes.

Beth drove us in her clean and well-maintained car back to Nat's apartment. She kept saying how nervous she was and I made a point of saying that I wasn't very experienced with women either. Beth was twenty-three, 'old' as far as she was concerned and she was anxious at not knowing the 'right moves'. I placed my hand on her thigh gently and said I didn't know any moves really, we'd learn them together. It was the right thing to say, she smiled and once we had found a park in the busy street, we walked up to the apartment. We were barely through the door when Beth kissed me on the mouth urgently. Her lips were pillowy, soft and lovely. Her tongue gently entered my mouth and tangled with mine. Her small hands roved over my body, stroking my breasts. My breathing quickened as I felt one of her hands go up my short skirt. I had fancied myself as the seducer here and it didn't seem to be playing out this way!

Her hand ran over my ass, squeezing and then, between my legs, caressing my pussy. She pulled back to take off my singlet, staring lustily at my breasts and kissing down towards them. Her fingers worked into my panties, stroking my slit. I moaned, running my hands down her beautiful body, trying to open the fly of her jeans, but she wasn't letting me, pulling back. "Where's the bed?" she whispered and I pulled away to find the light switch. She took my hand and I led her to the bedroom. I took off my high heels, which were biting into my bare feet and she pushed me onto the bed, taking one of my feet and rubbing it gently.

She kissed it softly and then started kissing my calf. I watched her, engrossed. Beth was so gorgeous, a Penthouse Pet and she was making love to me! Her thick glossy hair was in waves as she worked up my bare leg, opening my legs and winding up my very short skirt. She kissed my pussy through my lacy panties, her teeth pulling at them. Her fingers hooked into the elastic, pulling them away and exposing my bare waxed pussy. I sighed in pleasure as she started licking me, her tongue tentative and light at first, then more sure and keen. I responded to her, moaning and crying out as my orgasm built. She increased her intensity, focusing her tongue on my clit as I came, shouting my pleasure to the room. As I lay there, tingling, she climbed up and snuggled her face into my breasts. I kissed her hair, wishing she would give me her face so I could kiss her mouth.

I realised after a minute she was crying softly and tightened my embrace, stroking her hair. I felt confused about what to say or do. She popped her head up and kissed me on the mouth, her face pink and tears running down her face. I asked if she was OK and she said yes, but she wanted a break. I threw on an old t-shirt and denim cut-offs and we sat on the balcony, drinking diet cola and watching Saturday night life going on below us on the esplanade. Beth was really quiet and she admitted that she really enjoyed what we did, she just felt very emotional about it. I was used to being around people who saw sex as fun or flippant. After some talk, we went back to bed, wearing t-shirts and panties. We kissed and touched a little, I asked if I could go down on her and she said she couldn't do it. Beth seemed frightened to be touched on her pussy and I accepted this, wondering whether it was the inexperience thing or something else, something more sinister. I remembered how she acted when I brought up her family and felt sad. Beth slept in the same bed with me and left in the morning. We kissed a bit more, but she was anxious, not wholly into it. We exchanged numbers and Beth said she had loved going down on me, it had been so erotic. We had one last lingering long kiss and joked about seeing each other next time Penthouse had something tasteless to sell. 

I found a note from Nat on the kitchen counter: "Came home at 3 – saw you two, didn't want to wake you! Talk later oxoxoxox". Nat said when we met up that night that she would love to have a threesome with us that she found Beth breathtaking, but nothing ever came of it. I never did see Beth again. We called each other a little; she was always nervous about 'us' and how we had sex. It turns out her mother was a strict Christian who hates gays and her father had been violent and abusive towards her. Strangely, her parents were OK with her modelling? Beth couldn't go further with me and couldn't face her sexual identity. This knowledge explained a lot of her tics and intense personality to me. I often wonder how she is now, whether she has made peace...