 We hadn't had sex since that Saturday morning of the previous weekend, as described in the Double Stuffed series, which was very unusual. Prior to that, we probably averaged having it twice a day, but Beth said that both her cunt and ass were raw and painful from being ravaged many times the past weekend. 

When she met me at the door that mid-week night, she was buck naked which was the usual sign she wanted to get fucked immediately. She attacked me, ramming her tongue down my throat and rubbing her tits and cunt up and down against my body. After a minute of that she started to unbutton my shirt and quickly unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants off as I hopped on the floor trying to keep from tripping. She grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the bedroom. I was trying to get my shirt off at the same time. 

She said, "Hurry, I need you to fuck me now!!!" 

Now this was more like normal! She pulled me onto the bed, pushed me on my back, and took my rapidly hardening cock into her mouth. It wasn't long until I was fully hard and, not wanting to cum in her mouth, gently pulled her off. As she was more than ready, she sat down pushing her sopping wet cunt over my cock. As she slowly sat down on it she said that she was still a little sore but couldn't wait any longer for what was our usual daily fucks.

For the first few minutes she took her time moving up and down, but as I started to maul her tits, pulling hard on her sensitive nipples, she and I both started to ram into each other faster and faster. It wasn't long before we both exploded into a violent orgasm, followed by a few mini-orgasms, before she rolled off of my now soft dick. 

We were kissing and hugging afterwards when she said, "I need to tell you what happened to me today after you left for work... it's just so exciting." 

Beth went on to tell me that about 9 o'clock she got a phone call from Tonya asking her if she wanted to go for a walk for some exercise with Mary and her. They had all been talking about getting more exercise the past weekend and Beth was more than happy to agree to meet them over at Tonya's in a half-hour. Before I go any further, if you haven't read the "Double Stuffed" story, let me describe Tonya and Mary. Tonya was probably the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She was about 5'3" tall, 115 lbs., with long black hair that covered her ass. Her tits seemed to be smaller than Beth's (probably large B-cups), but very firm. She never wore a bra and you could often see the points of her nipples poking against the tops she wore -- which never failed to turn me on. 

Tonya was half-black and half-Malaysian. What stood out about her was both her sweet personality and her beautiful face. I often told her that she should be a model, and I was later to find out that many years later she landed a job as a clothing model for a national department store. Mary was a white woman about 5' tall, had a tight body with shoulder length blonde hair, and the most beautiful blue eyes I had ever seen. Her tits were incredible, B-cups, a little smaller that Tonya's, but firm enough to hold a glass of water on them without it falling, and she had shaved her cunt bare. Except for her chest, you wouldn't know she was 20 years old. 

Continuing with Beth's story, she told me that she met them and they started to walk around the neighborhood. They were all dressed as usual in short shorts and halter tops without any bras, and if any guys happened to pass by or looked out of their windows they would have seen quite a show with three pairs of great tits bouncing up and down as they walked. It was a typical summer day in the southeast -- hot and humid -- so after about an hour of brisk walking they decided to go over to Tonya's house for a cold drink and to cool off. 

Sam and Tonya had a large room air conditioner that cooled off the kitchen and living room which really felt great after their strenuous walk. The three of them were soaked with sweat and Beth was starting to get hot as she looked at Tonya's and Mary's tits outlined through their tops with their nipples sticking out hard from the cool air from the air conditioner. She felt her own nipples hardening from the cool air also. Tonya got them both a glass of iced tea and they sat at the kitchen table sipping their drinks and continued the conversation about last weekend's fuck-fest and how much they enjoyed it. Mary told them that she was very nervous at first, never thinking that her husband Eric would agree so easily to let her fuck someone else as he was extremely jealous and possessive of her. She went on to say that she was so turned on by what happened, it didn't even faze her when she and Tonya started getting it on with each other. Then the rest of the girl-to-girl stuff, as the night and day went on, felt as natural as normal hetero sex. 

Tonya and Beth were quick to agree that they felt the same way, and were surprised that it came so naturally when they had never experienced sex other than with men before. After about five minutes of this conversation, Beth guessed the others too were pretty charged up and, never being the shrinking violet, Beth got up and walked over behind Tonya, leaned down and tilted her face toward her, and began to kiss her passionately. Beth reached over her shoulders and dropped her hands under Tonya's top and began to knead her sensitive tits. 

She pulled away from Tonya's mouth briefly saying, "Who's up for continuing what we started Friday night?" 

With that, Mary walked over behind Beth, lifted her top up, and started to play with her tits. She started to kiss Beth passionately as Beth continued to play with Tonya's tits. 

Shortly thereafter, Tonya said, "Let's all take a shower together and then hit the bed for more fun." Beth said they all made a beeline for the bathroom, shedding their clothes on the way. She said that they all helped each other to get washed up in the shower and dried each other off afterwards, but were careful not to let anyone cum wanting to save it for the bedroom. By this time they were all super-charged anticipating the sex that was to "cum". 

They all piled onto Tonya's and Sam's bed with Beth diving into Tonya's cunt, lapping away, and reaching up to play with Tonya's tits at the same time. Mary was under Beth sucking away at her clit while she was playing with her own cunt. As hot as they all were it didn't take them long to all have an earth shattering orgasm together. Beth went on to say that afterwards they lay there kissing and hugging each other softly as they came down from their initial cum.

About fifteen minutes later they started to get eager for the next round. This time Tonya went down on Beth with Mary sitting on Beth's face getting tongue-fucked. Beth said as Tonya brought her closer and closer to another orgasm, she started to stick first one finger, then two, then three, and finally shoved her whole fist into her, stretching her cunt further than it ever had been and moved it in and out of her faster as she flicked her clit faster and faster. Beth came in a massive orgasm and, shortly thereafter, so did Mary. Tonya hadn't cum yet so Mary moved between her legs sucking her cunt and starting fisting her as Tonya did to Beth. Meanwhile, Beth went over and starting sucking and biting on Tonya's sensitive nipples as they brought Tonya off to a tremendous climax. At that point, they decided they had enough and promised to do this regularly in the future. 

As Beth was finishing her account of that day's activities, I had mounted her again and was fucking her furiously as we both had another great orgasm. She promised to tell me all about their future get- togethers if I promised to fuck her as good as that night again.

"No problem," I thought.