 Beth was awakened from her orgasm-induced nap by the ringing of the doorbell. She sat up on the bed and tried to gain her senses. Her cat Sammy was still sleeping on the pillow next to hers. The doorbell rang again as she sprang from the bed. She headed to her dresser, removing her robe as she went. Hanging it over the back of the dressing table chair, she reached into the drawer and quickly grabbed a t-shirt and a pair of shorts, dressed and rushed to the door as the doorbell rang yet again.

"Be right there!" she called out as she moved swiftly down the hall and to the door. She peered through the peephole in the door to see Cindy standing on the front porch. She unlocked the door and motioned for her to come in.

"What the hell took you so long?" Cindy asked chidingly as she pulled the screen door open.

Beth replied, "Nature called and I was in the bathroom."

"I understand how that goes." Cindy replied as she entered and placed her purse on the kitchen table.

"What brings you here?" Beth asked.

"I was in the neighborhood and decided I would drop by and pay you a visit. How are things with you?" 

"I am doing pretty well. Today I had a good day at work, came home, and took a nap. I feel great now." All the while she was thinking of that wand and the great orgasms she had earlier.

"Would you like something to drink? I was thinking a cold soda sounds good to me." Beth said as she headed toward the refrigerator to get some ice.

"Sure, I could go for a cold drink, but I have to use your bathroom first if you don't mind." Cindy said as she proceeded down the hall towards the bathroom.

Beth suddenly realized that Cindy was heading directly towards her wide-open bedroom door, which was across the hall from the bathroom. She was panic stricken as she remembered the magic wand vibrator was still on her bed, still plugged in and in plain sight of the doorway.

Cindy reached the bathroom door and turned into the bathroom. Just as Beth felt a sigh of relief, she noticed that the bathroom door had never closed. Within seconds, Cindy emerged from the doorway and looked at her with a huge smile on her face. She called for Sammy and Beth heard the familiar thud of her cat jumping from the bed to the floor.

Cindy was crouched down, petting the cat when she looked up and said, " It seems as though Sammy isn't the only pussy that's purring in this place. I see that you got the gift and it looks as though I may have interrupted something."

Beth didn't know what to say. She had been caught red-handed. Cindy turned back to the bathroom and closed the door behind her. For a moment, Beth wondered what she would tell Cindy next. She was just digging a deeper hole now, trying to hide what she had done. She decided right then and there that she would tell her all about her first time with the vibrator and she could feel herself getting wet again, just thinking about it.

She turned back to filling the glasses with ice. She reached for the bottle of soda and began pouring the drinks. As she was looking down, she noticed her nipples were pressing hard against the fabric of the form-fitting shirt that she had hurriedly put on. She could see the distinct outline of her hardened nips and they looked like they were trying to push right through the shirt. Her excitement was building as she thought about telling Cindy how much she enjoyed her new toy, and how thoughtful she was in buying it for her.

As she lifted the glasses from the counter, she heard the bathroom door open. Without turning, she asked Cindy if there was anything else she wanted. Without hesitation, the response coming from down the hall was "I can probably think of something."

Beth knew by the tone in Cindy's voice just what she meant and almost dropped the drinks on the counter when she heard her say those words. Her hands were visibly shaking as she stood there holding the glasses.

She was still standing at the counter when Cindy walked up behind her and wrapped her arms around her slender waist. Pulling Beth towards her, Cindy slowly stroked the area around her belly button with her fingertips as she quietly asked, " Why don't you put those down so you don't spill them."

Beth felt Cindy's wet tongue move along her neckline as she traced it up towards her ear, nibbling the lobe with her lips. "I want you to tell me how it felt. Doesn't the wand give great orgasms?" she whispered as she skillfully tugged at her ear with her lips.

All Beth could say was "un-fucking-believable, it was wonderful! The orgasms came so easily, one after another."

"I know the feeling." Cindy said.

Beth took a deep breath, and a sigh was heard as Cindy's fingertips made their way up to her breasts. Her breathing became more rapid as she felt her friend's fingernails tracing around her nipples. It felt like an electric current was running through those fingertips and her heart raced with anticipation of what was to come. Cindy cupped Beth's full, firm breasts with her hands through her shirt and gave them a light squeeze as she lightly pinched her nipples, teasing them to an even more erect state.

Cindy continued caressing and teasing her breasts and nipples with her left hand as her right hand traced downward, sliding under the waistband of Beth's shorts. As her fingers reached the folds of Beth's opening, Beth moaned. Cindy could feel the muscles contracting when she brushed Beth's clit with her now wet fingers.

"My, we are wet, aren't we?" Cindy said seductively.

Beth nodded and turned her head to the side. She reached around her back to pull Cindy closer. It was then that she could see, with the exception of a pair of baby blue bikini underwear and a matching bra, she was completely undressed and rubbing her smooth, tanned body against hers.

"God, that that feels so good" Beth said as she tilted her head so that Cindy's tongue could work its magic on her neck. All that could be heard was the continued soft moaning coming from Beth's mouth as Cindy, without saying a word slid her hands back up and under Beth's shirt, lifting it as she continued working her hands upwards, exposing her breasts.

Cindy grasped Beth's shoulder and slowly turned her around. Beth's eyes were closed and the look on her face was that of complete resignation. There she stood, her breasts jutting straight out from under the rolled up shirt, awaiting more of Cindy's attention. Beth wanted this very badly now and there was no doubt that she was putty in Cindy's hands.

Cindy cupped her breasts and sucked on one nipple, a gentle tug with her teeth and then to the other for more of the same, tracing them with her tongue as she went. She looked up and their eyes met. Their eyes told the story that they both wanted this and there was no turning back now.

Beth wrapped her arms around Cindy's shoulders and pulled her closer. Their breasts pressed together as Cindy moved her mouth to Beth's. Soon their tongues met and they were kissing deeply, the hunger increasing by the second. After a few minutes of some of the hottest kissing Beth had ever experienced, Cindy released from the embrace and slowly but deliberately lowered her body to a kneeling position in front of Beth, all the while caressing her breasts with her warm, soft hands and licking her way down to Beth's naval, teasing the area with her hot, wet tongue.

Beth was trembling now. The sexual tension was continuing to build and she felt like one giant nerve ending, ready to explode. She reached down with both of her hands to help Cindy in removing her shorts. She was halted in her effort as Cindy took her by the hands and stood up. She turned, and without saying a word, smiled and led Beth through the hall towards the bedroom, like a puppy on a leash. As she followed, Beth stared down, admiring Cindy's beautiful, perfectly shaped ass.

Cindy led her to the bed and sat her down. All this time, Beth was gazing into Cindy's beautiful brown eyes. Not a word was spoken as Cindy leaned down and kissed her again, deeply on her mouth. Their tongues were dancing and the kiss was stoking the fire that was burning between Beth's legs. The smell of Cindy filled her nostrils as she moaned softly. The urgency was building to an almost unbearable level now. 

Cindy pulled back and stood straight up. She walked to the head of the bed and arranged the pillows, one on top of the other and motioned at the same time for Beth lie down with her head propped up. Beth did this without hesitation and leaned back, closing her eyes. She was feeling the need and she just knew that Cindy would take care of it for her. She looked over at the vibrator, still lying on the bed. As she made an effort to reach for it, she heard "no, ...not yet Beth" and she stopped.

Beth watched as Cindy turned and headed for the dressing table. There, she picked up the robe that was hanging on back of the chair and removed the cloth belt. She turned back towards the bed. She then reached for one of Beth's wrists, tied a knot around it and wove it through the headboard. She then took the other and tied it securely. Beth was feeling helpless now and she realized that she liked feeling this way. Her pussy tingled with anticipation.

Cindy then climbed back up onto the bed and pulled Beth's legs apart slightly, kneeling between them. She stared at Beth's breasts, still exposed, and licked her lips seductively. She leaned down and with her tongue, traced her way up from her navel to her waiting nipples. Beth watched as Cindy's tongue danced along her burning skin. Her breasts heaved as Cindy circled her hard nips with her tongue. "Oh my God!!!" was all Beth could say. Cindy smiled at her and continued to torture Beth's nipples with her tongue, biting ever so gently as she continued teasing her, never losing eye contact.

Beth was now in frenzy. She needed relief in the worst way. Lifting her feet, she slid her toes into the band of Cindy's bikinis and using her legs, with one quick, downward motion, pulled them down to her knees.

"Pretty good move there" was all that Cindy could say as she straightened back up to remove them the rest of the way. She reached back to unhook her bra, slowly removing it as Beth watched. She tossed it aside and asked "Do you like what you see?"

"Are you kidding me? They are perfect." Beth responded, almost sheepishly.

Looking over the rest of Cindy's naked body, Beth could see that Cindy was completely shaven. She stared at the slightly parted lips, which were glistening with wetness. Cindy's clit was swollen and the tip was poking out of its hiding place. Cindy reached down with her fingers and pulled the skin back just a bit, exposing the bud even more.

"Looks like we have a problem here" she said as she looked down at her protruding clit. She licked a finger and stroked it in one quick motion. "Yes, I think we do." She laughed.

Beth instinctively lifted her hips up off the bed and Cindy reached down and removed her shorts, sliding them down Beth's slender, smooth legs, almost in one motion. Beth's pussy was neatly trimmed and was completely shaven around the folds. She too, was glistening wet.

Cindy sat down on the bed, positioned Beth's legs once again and slid her own leg under one of Beth's as she moved closer. Their legs were now inter-twined and her pussy was inches from Beth's when she reached for the vibrator. 

She placed the vibe on her own clit and switched it on. Beth could see by Cindy's facial expressions that it was working its magic. She pushed her own pussy towards Cindy and the pulsing bulb. She moaned out loud as her own clit made contact with the vibrating wand. The two of them continued to make eye contact as their orgasms were building. Beth smiled at Cindy and pushed against the vibe even harder. She closed her eyes and soon she was trembling all over.

Beth heaved up one last time and exploded in a thunderous orgasm.

"Oh my God!" she screamed as wave after wave of her orgasm caused her to tremble violently. This one seemed to last an eternity as Cindy watched in amazement the facial expressions and the powerful convulsions that Beth was experiencing.

As her orgasm subsided, she opened her eyes to see Cindy staring at her with a huge grin on her face. She looked down and noticed that the vibe was turned off.

"You didn't cum" she said to Cindy.

"I am going home tonight to a good tongue-lashing" she replied. "Dave will take care of me. I just wanted to make sure you were taken care of."

She then got to her knees and straddled Beth's slender body as she moved toward the head of the bed. Walking on her knees, her pussy was just inches from Beth's face as she proceeded to untie the robe strap from Beth's wrists, freeing her from the headboard. Beth felt the strap loosen. Moving instinctively, and before Cindy could move away, Beth grasped Cindy by her hips with her freed hands and pulled her firmly towards her face. Knowing what Beth was trying to do, she gently lowered her pussy to Beth's hungry, waiting mouth.

With a real sense of urgency, Beth's tongue immediately went to work, first lashing at her clit and then sliding her tongue along the folds of Cindy's soaking wet pussy. The scent of Cindy's womanhood filled her nostrils. She had never tasted a woman's pussy, and other than her own, had never really smelled the musty scent of its wetness. She knew what she enjoyed when oral sex was performed on her and she proceeded to do the things to Cindy that she liked the most. As she licked the length of Cindy's opening, she darted her tongue in and out. She slid her tongue along the folds towards her clit and she heard Cindy's moans as reached the swollen bud.

She knew she was well on her way to returning the pleasure Cindy had given her. Her hands moved up along Cindy's smooth torso until they reached her heaving breasts. She cupped one in each hand as her tongue continued to work its magic. Pinching each nipple between her thumb and forefinger, she heard even more moans from above.

She looked up to see Cindy staring straight ahead at the wall, firmly clutching the railing of the headboard with both hands. She was biting at her lower lip with her eyes closed and had a look of intense bliss on her face.

She sucked Cindy's engorged clit between her lips and continued lashing at it feverishly with her tongue. She could feel its reaction to her tongue strokes, withdrawing, as if it were trying to get away. Cindy reached her hand down and with two fingers, parted her pussy lips, spreading them, allowing Beth to work her magic on her now protruding clit. As she gently sucked on the swelling bud, she realized how large it had become. Her tongue fluttered up and down its length and she then alternated to a quick back and forth motion. By the sounds of Cindy's moaning and her facial expressions, this seemed to do the trick. Sucking the clit between her lips, she went to work on it with her tongue once again. The inside of Cindy's thighs began trembling uncontrollably.

"That's it ...Oh yessssss!" she cried. "Oh my God, ... I'm cumming!"

She lifted her pussy away slightly and Beth's eager mouth followed, still wagging her tongue with an increasing purpose.

"Oooooooooh fuck!" she screamed.

Suddenly, Cindy's body jerked violently and Beth felt the thunderous contractions of her orgasm against her mouth. She could hear her breathing rapidly as Cindy attempted regain control of her senses.

Beth knew she had done well.

As the waves of her orgasm subsided, Cindy lifted herself off of Beth's face and slid down on the bed, lying next to her. She put her arm around Beth's waist and nudged her head close to her neck and whispered in her ear, "Thank you... that was incredible." 

"I can tell you've done that before." She continued.

Beth smiled and said nothing. Only she knew that this was her first, and hopefully not last, taste of pussy.

Beth was staring up at the ceiling. She was feeling content and almost proud of what she had just done for Cindy. Still smelling the scent of the pussy juice on and around her nose and mouth, she noticed that Cindy had her eyes closed and had a contented smile on her face. It really felt right to Beth. She was half-tempted to roll Cindy over and do it again when they both heard Cindy's cell phone ringing down the hall. 

"I better get that," Cindy said sheepishly "It's probably Dave calling to tell me the C.P. is over." She sprang from the bed, gathered her bra and panties, and headed down the hall to the kitchen. Beth found herself, once again, admiring her figure from behind as she hustled off to answer the phone. Beth readjusted her shirt, put her shorts back on and headed to the kitchen, wondering what the hell a C.P. might be. She passed Cindy in the hall as she was walking back towards the bathroom. As they passed, she heard parts of the phone conversation.

From down the hall she could hear "Are you guys done already?" Cindy laughed into the phone. "I was thinking that you all would be awhile longer, after the last time with Joanne." 

Beth was puzzled by this exchange but didn't let on. She took a drink of her soda and sat down at the kitchen table. As she sipped her drink, she heard some more fascinating conversation, at least from this end of the exchange.

"Who all showed up?" she asked.

"Is that it? Was it just the four of you? I bet she was disappointed. I had six of you guys last month at my party." She said.

"Did you save some for me?" she was asking him. "I hope so because I sure do need that cock of yours right about now."

From the table, Beth picked up a magazine that she had received in the mail and began scanning through it. She couldn't quite make out the rest of the brief conversation but she did hear Cindy tell him she loved him and that she would see him soon.

Soon, Cindy emerged from the bathroom. She had a sly grin on her face and looking like their encounter had never happened. She was completely dressed and her hair was pulled back with a hair clip. She was an awesome looking woman.

She walked into the kitchen, tossed her cell phone in her purse, and took a drink of her soda.

"I really have to go, Dave is waiting for me. I need fucked badly." She told Beth.

"I wish you could stay, but I understand. I would go too if I had someone to go home to." Beth replied. "But, I do have one question before you go."

"What's that?" Cindy asked.

"I overheard a bit of your conversation. What in the hell is a C.P.?" Beth asked her.

Cindy went on to explain that a C.P. is a cock party. She told her of how a group of committed couples keep things interesting by having various sex functions, allowing for some variety in their sex lives. Joanne had spent a good part of the evening having sex with a group of male friends. Part of being a member of this select group was a willingness to share each other sexually and also to disclose all sexual encounters outside the group to the rest of its members.

"When word gets out, as it probably will, you may be hearing from some of the others in the near future." As she continued, she told Beth that her marriage was completely open and there were no secrets when it came to indiscretions. She told Beth. "A variety of partner's and the sexual fulfillment that goes with it are what we all are looking for. Sharing the details of our encounters keeps things interesting and recounting the events with each other helps make for great sex."

She told her that the four men, including her husband who shot his load on her face and breasts after what he called a "super" blowjob, had just fucked Joanne. She was left cum-soaked and satisfied.

Beth asked her if she was going to tell Dave what happened today, as if she didn't already know. Cindy explained that she had already told him that, if the opportunity presented itself, she was going to have her way with her. Beth wondered what Dave and the rest of the select group, whoever they were, would think of her.
