 As I drove toward home my pussy was tingling, from both the after-effects of Allyson's lovemaking and the anticipation of what awaited me in my bed. I navigated the few miles home quickly, with very little traffic late at night. When I walked into my dark house and looked at the clock. It was almost midnight and there wasn't a sound. I wondered if everyone was asleep as I hurriedly walked to the stairs.

I hastily started up the staircase, and about halfway up a loud moan stopped me dead in my tracks. Someone was awake, and obviously enjoying themselves. I hesitated, listening for more, but after a few moments of silence I continued my ascent. 

At the top of the stairs I looked toward my room. The door was ajar, with light spilling out into the hallway. As I paused, I heard more soft moaning, beckoning me, but instead of making a mad dash toward the source of the sounds, I detoured to Sara's room. I eased the door of her room open and peeked inside. She was sound asleep. I eased the door closed, confident that Sara would continue to sleep till morning and then immediately turned and walked the few steps to my bedroom.

I stepped into the doorway and the sight on my bed took my breath away. The lamp on my bedside table was on, bathing the room in soft light. Illuminated by that light were Jenna and Emily. The two 18-year-old vixens were both nude and totally unaware of my presence. Emily was kneeling, facing away from me, her shoulders on the bed, legs spread and her ass raised. Jenna was kneeling behind Emily, her hands on her ass and her face buried in Emily's ass. 

"Oh God, yes, keep licking my ass Jenna. It feels so fucking good." Emily groaned, removing any doubt about where Jenna's tongue was. From my vantage point I could see Jenna's smooth, wet cunt and ass, the sight fanning the flames inside me. I speedily stripped off my clothes, haphazardly throwing them on the floor as I watched the two teens.

I had never witnessed anyone having sex before, and found the sight to be incredibly arousing, even more since I knew I was going to join them. As much as I wanted to jump into bed with them immediately, I hesitated, reveling in my voyeuristic pleasure. My fingers crept between my legs as I watched and listened to the young lesbians. I breathed deeply, the smell of their overheated pussies filling the room, as did Emily's moans. My fingers teased my sodden cunt as my eyes took in the sexy scenario playing out before me.

Finally, the lure of their naked bodies writhing on the bed was too much and I padded quietly across the room, stopping at the foot of the bed with Jenna's cute behind calling to me. I softly slipped onto my knees on the bed behind Jenna and grasped her firm buttocks in my hands. As I touched her for the first time, I heard Jenna moan into Emily's ass as she realized I was about to transform their lesbian coupling into a ménage à trois.

I sunk my fingers into the flawless globes of Jenna's ass and pulled her open. Simultaneously, she shifted her knees apart on the bed, exposing her perfect pink pussy and wrinkled rosebud to my gaze. I leaned down and softly blew on her glistening cunt, wanting to tease her before diving in. A moan escaped her lips as she felt my warm breath on her exposed flesh. As much as I wanted to tease, I couldn't wait any longer. I lowered my head and took a long slow lick, with the flat of my tongue, up through her steamy pussy, collecting her sweet nectar on my tongue as it sloshed through her wetness. The thought ran through my mind that I still had the remnants of Allyson's pussy on my lips, and now here I was with my tongue in her daughter's cunt. The depravity of my actions turned me on tremendously. The unthinkable act crossing taboo barriers, but that didn't stop me.

I slowly drug my tongue through the warm, wet folds of her pussy, across her perineum and stopped on her tight anus. Another moan, muffled by Emily's ass, escaped from Jenna at the touch of my tongue to her tender asshole. I wanted her to feel what she was to doing to Emily as I began lapping at her nether hole. I licked her backdoor as I had her cunt, with big, wide strokes of my tongue, and then switched to light flicks with the very tip of my tongue over her tight hole. I felt her push back into me, wanting more contact, and I was happy to oblige.

I teased Jenna's tight rosebud like this for quite some time, slobbering all over her. Pulling away slightly, I could see her pink asshole glistening with my saliva. I dug my fingers deeper into the crevice of her ass and pulled, her puckered hole winking open slightly. I quickly buried my face in her ass again, the tip of my stiffened tongue probing at her taut asshole, entering a fraction of an inch. I was lost in my forbidden, erotic thoughts as I tried to worm my tongue deeper into Jenna's snug asshole, when Emily's voice snapped me from my reverie.

"Don't stop Jenna!" she exclaimed, overwhelmed by her lust. "I don't know you get your tongue so deep in my ass, but don't stop. It feels so fucking good. You're going to make me cum again!"

Emily's voice trailed off in low, guttural moan, and then she erupted.

"Oh, Gooodddd," she wailed as orgasmic tremors wracked her body. I could feel the bed shake as her young body convulsed from Jenna's tongue. Her orgasm seemed to go on for minutes and I could hear Emily gasping for air as pleasure crashed through her body. 

Hearing and feeling Emily's overpowering orgasm drove me wild with desire. I could feel my juices trickling down the inside of my thighs and I attacked Jenna's asshole, working to spear my tongue into her puckered hole. I felt her rigid anus yield slightly, and my tongue slipped inside deeper, Jenna moaning loudly as my tongue explored her wet asshole.

As Emily's orgasmic sensations waned, I felt Jenna begin to squirm on the bed. I roughly pressed my tongue into her asshole, as deep as possible, and Jenna erupted, her body succumbing to the pleasure I was giving her. A high-pitched squeal echoed off the walls of my bedroom as Jenna came. I continued my assault on Jenna's ass as her shattering release sent ripples of sexual gratification through her body. My eager tongue continued delving into her clutching asshole as she clawed at the sheets in ecstasy. As my angelic vixen gasped for breath, her body's spasms slowing, she spoke for the first time since I entered the room.

"That was incredible," she groaned, still reeling from her climax.

I pulled away, my tongue slipping from her asshole, and Jenna turned and looked back at me with hooded eyes.

"Beth, your tongue always does amazing things to me."

"Wait, what? Beth is here now?" Emily asked as she lifted her head off the bed, turned and looked back over her shoulder at me kneeling behind Jenna, a look of shock registering on her face, her cheeks flushed from her climax.

"I told you I had a surprise for you," Jenna replied, smiling. "Surprise!"

I saw Emily trying to comprehend what was happening. 

"How long have the two of you...?" she asked, her voice trailing off, not finishing the question.

"For a few weeks now," Jenna answered. "Beth is who encouraged me to have sex with you. I thought it would be fun for her to join us."

Emily's eyes went back and forth between Jenna and I, apprehensive and confused, but not protesting.

"Roll over on your back," Jenna commanded. "I want to lick your pussy again. And I want Beth to sit on your face at the same time."

Emily's eyes went wide at the request. Wordlessly, she rolled onto her back and spread her legs wide open, exposing her smooth, hairless pussy to me for the first time. Unlike Jenna, her outer lips were thick and fleshy. My eyes feasted hungrily on her oozing crease as Jenna ran her hands up Emily's baby smooth thighs till her fingers were at the edge of her pussy. I watched, transfixed, as Jenna drew her hands outward, spreading Emily open and exposing the wet pink flesh of her pussy. I felt my heart flutter at the wicked display of Emily's innocent pussy.

"Sit on Emily's face Beth," Jenna said matter-of-factly, snapping me out of my lustful thoughts. I averted my eyes from Emily's pussy to Jenna, who had turned to look at me.

"I want you to cum hard and soak her face with your juices while I eat her," she said with a devilish grin before turning back to Emily, lowering her head and starting to lap at her pussy. Emily sighed sexily as Jenna's tongue went to work. 

My body was trembling with anticipation as I clambered to Jenna's side on my knees, watching Jenna lick her best friend as I moved, finally stopping beside Emily's prone body. Emily looked up at me hungrily through slitted eyes, her mouth open as she gasped for breath. I leaned down and covered her mouth with mine, kissing her deeply. Our tongues danced together, enflaming my passion. My hands found her heavy, full breasts, kneading her firm flesh, as we kissed passionately.

Emily moaned into my mouth as our kiss lingered, and I could vaguely hear Jenna softly purring as she licked Emily's pussy. I broke our kiss, my insatiable cunt in need of relief. I moved my left knee closer to Emily's head and pivoted, lifting my right leg over her head and placing it on the bed, now crouching over her face, looking down across her body at Jenna buried between her legs.

I could feel Emily's hot breath on me and quickly shifted my knees outward, lowering my pulsating pussy to Emily's mouth. Instantly I felt her tongue delve into my drooling pussy, a groan escaping from me as a wave of lust rolled through my body.

It became readily apparent that Emily's tongue wasn't as talented as Jenna's, but what she lacked in skill she more than made up for with unbridled enthusiasm. Her tongue seemed to be everywhere at once as I rode her face.

I closed my eyes, savoring the sensations of Emily's tongue exploring my hot cunt. Her moans, elicited by Jenna's tongue, vibrated through me, adding another layer of stimulation. I felt a gush of wetness leak into Emily's mouth and knew I would be supplying her with an overabundance of juices when I came.

I opened my eyes and leaned down to take her big tits in my hands again, massaging the firm globes before moving my fingers to tease her perky nipples. My eyes traveled down Emily's body, stopping between her legs. Jenna was sucking and tugging on Emily's labial lips, her blue eyes sparkling with desire as she looked up at me.

"Does Emily's cunt taste good?" I hissed. "You love licking her cunt don't you, just like you love licking mine."

Jenna responded by gluing her mouth to Emily's smooth skin and thrusting her tongue deep into the silky folds of her best friend's pussy. I envied Emily, knowing how good it felt to have Jenna's long tongue probing inside. Our eyes were locked together as Jenna ravenously ate her friend.

I began pinching and pulling on Emily's nipples harder, her moans of approval muffled in my wetness. She was squirming beneath me and I sensed she was nearing orgasm again. The dual sensations of Jenna's tongue in her pussy and my fingers on her nipples, not to mention the fact that she was eating my pussy and taking part in her first threesome, making her desperate to cum.

As I watched Jenna, she pulled away from Emily's pussy and sucked two fingers into her mouth for a few seconds. Satisfied that her fingers were wet enough, she removed them from her mouth and I watched as she lined up her fingers and slid both slender fingers deeply into Emily's fevered pussy. Lowering her head again, Jenna's nimble tongue lashed at Emily's clit.

"Cum for me Emily," I implored. "I want to hear and feel your screams as you cum in Jenna's mouth!"

It only took a few seconds more and Emily's body writhed in a shattering climax. Jenna's fingers pumped in and out, and her tongue was a blur on Emily's stiff bud as she clamped her plump thighs on Jenna's ears, her screams of joy reverberating through my body and bringing me closer to my own release. I released her right nipple, shifted my hips slightly and began furiously frigging my aching clit as Emily struggled to lick me as her orgasm engulfed her. 

My pleasure level escalated rapidly and overwhelmed me as my orgasm hit. I lifted my cunt off Emily's mouth a few inches and erupted like a volcano, spewing Emily's face with a massive blast of wetness. I heard her sputtering as my copious juices covered her face and filled her mouth. A second, smaller squirt added to the wetness on her angelic face. My body trembling in the aftershocks of orgasm, I lowered my dripping cunt back to Emily's mouth, her tongue instantly lapping at my leaking hole. I could hear both Jenna and Emily noisily slurping up the juices flowing from the pussy they were licking.

As our orgasmic sensations abated, Jenna lifted her head from between Emily's legs and licked her lips to capture more of her friend's sweet ambrosia, her face glimmering with wetness. I lifted off Emily's face and gazed down at the teen, her face covered with my juices, droplets in her hair and even her eyelashes.

"Oh, my God!" Emily exclaimed excitedly, her eyes wide with wonder. "What was that? How did you cum like that?"

"Isn't that awesome?" Jenna answered. "Beth squirts like that when she cums hard. I love it when she squirts on me. Did you like it?"

"I wasn't expecting it at all. I thought she was peeing all over me!"

"No, it's not pee," I reassured her, reaching down and lightly stroking her cheek. "It's just a woman's way of ejaculating. I do it a lot. Most women can if they are stimulated properly. I made Jenna squirt once, and I can try to make you squirt too if you want."

"I don't know. Maybe. Did you like it Jenna?" she asked.

Jenna smiled up at me, her youthful and innocent face shiny with Emily's juices. "Yes, I loved it when Beth made me squirt, and like I said, I love it when she squirts on me. I love how it tastes."

Jenna slid up Emily's body and I watched as she licked at her cheek, capturing some of my creamy release on her tongue before moving to Emily's mouth searching for any juices that may have pooled in her mouth. I saw their tongues move languidly in one another's mouths, and watching triggered a new hunger in me. A hunger I knew would not be easily satisfied, but with two eager, young lesbian playthings in my bed, and all night to indulge in my fantasies, I wondered if I could fully quench my ravenous appetite for sex. 

After Jenna was satisfied she had cleaned Emily's face of my juices she lifted onto her knees and kissed me deeply. I could taste the combined juices of our pussies on Jenna's tongue and lips as our tongues danced together.

Jenna broke our kiss, her face still masked with desire. "Could you taste Emily's pussy on my mouth? She tastes so sweet. I think you need to lick her pussy and make her cum too," she blurted out. 

I smiled at her youthful exuberance and reached out to softly stroke her cheek.

"Is that what you want Jenna? Do you want me to eat your girlfriend's cunt?" I asked, teasing her.

"Yes!" she exclaimed immediately, lost in the heat of the moment.

I looked down at Emily, lying beneath us, her face red and flushed with excitement.

"Would you like that Emily? Do you want me to eat you, and make you cum like Jenna just did?" I asked, the thought sending a shiver down my spine.

Emily's eyes were wild with desire as she stared up at me in wonder. "Yes," she responded in a barely audible whisper, like she was afraid to admit she wanted to continue our Sapphic threesome.

I looked back at Jenna, salivating with hunger as I anticipated licking my third pussy of the evening. I leaned in to kiss Jenna, her eyes fluttering as our lips and tongue came together. Our passionate kiss brief, as I pulled away and leaned down over Emily's body, perching my dripping pussy on Emily's mouth once again as I rained soft kisses on her smooth mound. Emily's tongue slipped into my hot pussy again as I teased her. She spread her plump thighs wide open, inviting me to move to her feverish pussy. Emily's erotic scent overwhelmed me, urging me to her bald, pink, puffy-lipped pussy. 

My heart raced in anticipation of going down on her as I lowered my head and licked her wet, wanton cunt and I felt Emily shiver with excitement as I began teasing her pleasure center. I nibbled on her thick lips, sucking and pulling on them as Emily's tongue lapped at my twitching cunt as we pleasured each other in a classic 69.

I was in no hurry to make her cum, wanting to savor the heavenly taste of her sweet, young pussy. I slipped my tongue between her thick, swollen pussy lips, penetrating her perfect little tight cunt, which elicited a moan from Emily, which was muffled by my creaming cunt. We licked and lapped at each other in unison.

With my tongue pressed between her plump lips, her scent filling my nose and her exotic taste filling my mouth, I was lost in a sexual fog, my mind completely overwhelmed with sexual desire. Instinct took over as I feasted on her cunt. Emily continued to eat me enthusiastically, her darting tongue teasing my steaming cunt.

I could feel Emily's lush body writhing beneath me as I continued my oral assault, her passion escalating. My lust was slowly rising also, a burning need for release percolating inside me. The fire that was slowly building became an inferno when I felt hands on my ass, and a few seconds later, Jenna's tongue lapping at my asshole.

"Oh, fuck yessssss," I screamed, pulling my face from Emily's pussy. I had never experienced the tantalizing sensation of two tongues on me at once. The dual feeling of Emily's inexperienced tongue exploring my pussy and Jenna's warm, wet tongue teasing my anal opening was like a sexual utopia. I felt like an insatiable bitch in heat, driven by nothing but wicked desire. I buried my face between Emily's spread thighs, voraciously eating her delectable cunt as my two young lesbian lovers licked me toward what I knew was going to be a mind-blowing orgasm.

I attacked Emily's hard clit with an animal hunger, alternating between sucking on her pulsating clit and flicking it with the tip of my tongue. At the same time the two teens' tongues licked me aggressively, Emily on my clit and Jenna penetrating my tight backdoor. My orgasm burst upon me instantly, a tidal wave of pleasure crashing through me. My cunt convulsed and, for the second time, I sprayed Emily's eager young face with a huge blast of cunt cream.

Beneath me I could feel Emily's body shaking as a huge climax ripped through her. Somehow, as my body shook with intense pleasure, I managed to keep my tongue working on Emily's clit. Her orgasm, or maybe it was more than one orgasm, seemed to extend for minutes, her curvy body writhing all over the bed. My body was trembling with orgasmic aftershocks as both girls licked me softly. Finally, Emily whimpered "no more, I can't take any more", and I reluctantly pulled away from her ripe cunt and rolled to my side on the bed.

My body was covered with a fine sheen of sweat and I could feel juices trickling from my tingling pussy. Lifting my head, I looked at my two young lovers. Emily's eyes were closed, her face slick with a fresh covering of juices, and her tremendous tits heaving as she gasped for breath. Jenna looked at both of us with lust and excitement in her eyes. I could only imagine how horny the young girl was after our tryst. 

"I want your pussy now," I said to Jenna as I rolled flat onto my back, my unquenchable thirst for pussy not yet satisfied. Jenna hastily moved to me, straddling my head, the sweet folds of her bare pussy hovering a few inches above me. I could actually feel the heat of her young cunt as she teased me, rotating her hips slowly.

"Is this what you want Beth?" she asked in a sultry voice, looking down at me with smoldering eyes. "Emily's pussy wasn't enough for you, now you want mine too?"
