 Lisa never knew she could fall for a girl until her friend Rachel came back into her life. After Rachel came out to her Lisa developed the biggest crush on her, but Lisa was too afraid to tell her she was into her. 

Lisa decided to play the part of wing-girl for Rachel, who had been fairly unlucky in love. Lisa had her first chance when Rachel spotted a girl she thought might be a lesbian at a local coffee shop.

"Go over there and get her to come talk to us," Rachel prompted Lisa.

"Okay, but you owe me," Lisa replied. Inwardly Lisa hoped that Rachel didn't see the pain cross her face as Rachel asked her to find someone else.

Apparently Lisa was an amazing wing-girl because Anne came right over and began chatting with Rachel. Quickly Lisa thought up a reason to leave the coffee shop before Rachel could see how much she was hurting.

Anne and Rachel's relationship quickly progressed from friendship into romance. Anne was kind and loving, but also young and naïve. Rachel had never been the younger person in the relationship. 

Lisa knew what was right, and she never told Rachel how she felt. She stayed friends with Rachel and helped her through all her relationship troubles with Anne. Then one night Lisa fell asleep after hanging out with Rachel.

Lisa realized it was a dream when she suddenly found herself back at Rachel's apartment where she had been earlier that day.

Lisa had gone to Rachel's apartment to watch a movie and play some video games (they were both total dorks). Now instead of playing games for an evening and then going home, Rachel pulled out what appeared to be a porno. When Rachel asked if Lisa wanted to watch this with her, Lisa did not object. Lisa was glad when the porno turned out to be a lesbian themed one even though this was obviously a dream. Lisa had found herself less and less interested in seeing a man fuck a woman lately.

The woman on screen was giving orgasm after orgasm to another woman lying on the table. Each moment Lisa watched she could feel herself getting more and more ready to follow the porn star's lead. She wondered if Rachel felt the same way.

Each scream from the porn star on screen brought them closer and closer to each other. Rachel placed her hand gently on Lisa's thigh and instead of shrinking away Lisa leaned into Rachel's warm embrace. Lisa clasped Rachel's hand and squeezed gently.

"Do you want this?" Rachel asked quietly. 

"I've wanted this since you first told me you were a lesbian," Lisa replied.

Their lips met tenderly at first, questioning if this was really happening. Lisa knotted her fingers into Rachel's hair and their kisses began to deepen. Lisa moaned softly as Rachel's hands slowly moved up and down Lisa's trembling body. Lisa began to trail her kisses down Rachel's neck to her collarbone. Rachel let out a moan of her own as Lisa's mouth massaged worked up and down her neck.

Rachel grabbed Lisa's black tank-top and pulled it over her head. Lisa did the same to Rachel's t-shirt. They stared at each other's bodies for a moment in awe of the beauty they saw in each other. Rachel took one of Lisa's hands and placed it on her own breast. Lisa did the same, as they touched they felt a jolt of electricity flow through them. It made them feel alive and invigorated.

Rachel gently pushed Lisa down onto her bed and unclasped her bra. Then Rachel began to kiss Lisa slowly along her smooth, white, neck. Then Rachel's mouth found Lisa's breast. Rachel took Lisa's nipple into her mouth causing Lisa to revel and gasp in the pleasure she had never felt before.

Rachel carefully slipped off Lisa's blue jeans, tossing them to the floor. Lisa shivered at the sudden vulnerable chill she felt jolt through her. Rachel continued her kisses from Lisa's breasts down to her stomach.

Rachel slipped her hand under Lisa's now wet panties and found her throbbing clit. Now Lisa's quiet gasps began to be more and more urgent. Rachel moved her fingers from Lisa's clit and found her. Rachel's finger moved into Lisa slowly and then faster and faster. Lisa's juices were flowing strongly as she started to climax. Lisa screamed in rapture as Rachel brought her to orgasm with her fingers.

Lisa kissed Rachel and said, "My god, that was amazing."

"I know. I've wanted you for so long, but you never let on that you weren't straight," Rachel replied.

"I was afraid that maybe I wasn't attracted to you, just the idea of being rebellious," Lisa said, still slightly out of breath.

"And," Rachel prompted.

"I am definitely not just into the idea of being rebellious," Lisa said with a smirk.

Lisa pressed her lips to Rachel's and began to pull off her gym shorts hoping that this dream would never end.