 Author's note: This is part one of "The Bet", but technically part three of "The Bethanie and Maddy Story", of which you can find parts one ("The Lipstick Test") and two ("The Coffee Shop Girl") through my profile. If you enjoy (or despise for that matter!) any of my writing please take a moment to vote and comment. Thanks so much to everyone who's done so already, or sent me a message. I really appreciate it and it has given me a lot more confidence to keep writing. I hope you enjoy this one too!

*

Maddy was reading her book in a comically awkward position. Lying face down on the sofa, one leg over the arm, one leg over the back so that her body was half lifted up propped by her wayward limb; she had one arm trapped underneath her and the other arm and her head hanging off the seat. The book she was reading was lying on the floor. She kept it split open with two fingers of her free hand and occasionally she would stretch and twist them in a spidery way to flip the page.

The heating had been on for an hour or so and the apartment was pleasantly warm. She was wearing a grey vest top and faded, mint-green pajama pants above which the faintest line of pink underwear could be seen peeking out. A glass of wine was waiting on the coffee table, but she was very, very comfortable, so she made the firm decision not to move an inch.

She turned the page and as she read on a smile slowly spread across her face. She turned back and re-read the previous page, then carried on. The hand she had trapped under her, squeezed between the soft sofa cushions and her small, firm breasts, stretched and reached. The base of her thumb, the hard bone that connected it to her hand, started rubbing slowly, idly, at the crotch of her mint-green pants.

She wriggled her whole body a little to get comfortable and as if on cue the doorbell rang. Maddy grinned and gently righted herself from her somewhat askew position. Laying her book face down, still spread open, on the long, low coffee table she hopped to her feet and almost skipped into her small hallway.

Her apartment wasn't big, but it was perfectly decorated and very cosy and she loved it. In the hallway she stopped in front of the large, silver-framed mirror to check herself out. Her short blonde hair wasn't its usual tidy, perfect self, but that was ok. She ruffled it at the roots with her fingertips, so that it looked wild and post-coital, but quickly decided against that - combing it back into order and tucking her bangs behind her ears. Her vest top she couldn't really do anything with, but she tried nonetheless, first pulling it down so that the low curving neckline was barely covering anything, the small, pink circles of her nipples peeking over the edge. Too slutty? Too obvious? She went the other way, hitching it up and folding the cloth so that her flat belly was on show. That was better. Finally her pants, she pulled the old mint-green pajamas down so that her pink cotton embroidered panties were clearly on display - the thin band that cut above her hips and a good inch of her thigh itself too. She admired her slim, petite form. Perfect. The doorbell rang again.

She opened it on the chain, even though it could only have been her girlfriend Bethanie.

"Hey," Maddy said in a lazy, sing-song voice, "I missed you."

"Then why is the door on the chain, doofus?" Bethanie looked fresh and slightly red faced, wearing a sporty looking jacket over an old hoody and jeans. Oh! She had been to the gym, Maddy had totally forgotten about that. Bethanie, taller and curvier than the small blonde, had been touchy about her weight recently and had been hitting the gym several times a week. Her long, dark hair was tangled and wet from the shower.

"Oh, just being safe. Need a password."

"What password, Madeline?" Bethanie rolled her eyes and sounded thoroughly exasperated.

"You know..." Maddy dragged out her answer in a teasing way, and pressed her self to the crack in the door. She noticed Bethanie's eyes flicker down ever so briefly to see the tight pink cotton of her panties and the smooth skin of her thigh exposed above her low-slung pants. Bethanie tried to hide it by acting all annoyed again, but Maddy had seen her look.

"I'm not going to say that every time I come over here Maddy," Bethanie said, sounding a little embarrassed.

"Go on, just one more time then."

"Ok, ok," Bethanie sighed and opened her mouth to speak.

"No, with the voice," Maddy cut her off before she could start, "and the eyes."

"Arrgh!" Bethanie clenched her fists and hunched up her shoulders in frustration, but she quickly relaxed herself. She struck a pose, legs apart, one hand on her hip, pushing back her sports jacket and her head tilted coquettishly. "Hey," she started again, and Maddy shivered to see her eyes becoming heavy-lidded, smoky pools of pure sex, "pussy delivery for Madeline Matthews."

Maddy made a little squeak of pleasure, closed the door, unhooked the chain then quickly opened it again. "I'll sign for that pussy!" she giggled and dragged Bethanie in by her sleeve.

"Woah, easy tiger," Bethanie laughed, "I'm exhausted from that damn bike."

"Aw, just come in and relax Bethy. I made some kind of pumpkin soup." Maddy had to rise up on the balls of her feet slightly to kiss Bethanie, but the kiss was long, soft and dreamy, melting both girls and leaving them coasting on an endorphin high.

"Mmm, I missed you too," Bethanie conceded with a soft chuckle. She initiated the second kiss, bringing her head down slightly and meeting Maddy's cute little pout with her full, bee-stung lips open. Maddy's eyes opened a little in surprise, but then so did her lips and before they knew it the two girls' tongues were softly tackling each other.

Maddy and Bethanie had been officially dating, to the extent that some of their co-workers at the cosmetics company even knew about it now, for about four months. Things for Maddy, an openly gay girl who had been harbouring a crush on Bethanie for a long time, couldn't have been going better. She was in a passionate relationship with a girl who effectively checked every box on her 'sexual fantasy' list, and who was rapidly becoming her best friend too. Things for Bethanie, who had never had an actual lesbian relationship before - just a few dalliances, were a little more complicated. She was smitten with the petite bundle of energy, but wanted to take things slowly as this was all very new to her. 

She still wasn't sure exactly how gay (if that wasn't an absurd question) she was. She was delighted with how things were going so far though, even if she was kind of concerned at how powerful Maddy's sex drive was. It was really special to her that at work Maddy was a composed, stylish, somewhat aloof office girl, while with Bethanie she was almost completely transformed into a dizzy teenager. But when they were together Maddy seemed to be almost permanently horny. Bethanie didn't want things to be based purely on lust, and anyway as much as she swotted up on lesbian lovemaking techniques (which was actually quite fun secret homework to have) Maddy was much more experienced than her and Bethanie didn't really like feeling like the newbie all the time.

Anyway, neither girl had used the 'L Word' yet, although both of them probably would if they knew the other would respond with the same.

The 'L Word' in this case, not being Lesbian. They had used that one.

In the living room Bethanie dumped her bag and coat on one of the straight-backed chairs around Maddy's small dining table and stretched her aching muscles. Maddy was in the kitchen getting something, and while she was waiting Bethanie picked up the book that Maddy had left split on the coffee table. She also raised an eyebrow at the half empty bottle of red wine that sat next to it.

"Hey, you're reading science fiction?" she called through, frowning at the cover, "That's not like you." There was no answer as she turned the book over and started reading it. After a moment she raised both eyebrows. "Oh, it's not science fiction, it's porn. That explains it." Maddy came in carrying a single empty wine glass.

"That explains what?"

"Nothing baby."

"I had to wash a glass for you, sorry," Maddy explained, and poured Bethanie a huge glass of ruby-red wine. She topped up her own too, but left it on the table. "Do you like the book?"

"I'm kind of worried about you baby," Bethanie stood, reading the explicit prose and sipping at her wine, not really noticing that Maddy was coming up very close in front of her.

"Oh? Worried about me?" Maddy said, distractedly, standing just behind the book and resting her hands on the fabulous curves of her girlfriend's hips. "Why?"

"Reading porn, watching porn... you've got sex on the brain."

"Uh huh?" Maddy lifted up the taller girl's t-shirt a little and found the rough denim top to her jeans. She ran her fingers along it, just along the top of the jeans not hooking into them at all. She didn't even brush Bethanie's skin. Her fingers met right at the front and she smiled to find that the brunette wasn't wearing a belt.

"Don't 'uh huh' me, Madeline. Are you even listening?" Bethanie lowered the book at the same time that Maddy popped open the button of her jeans. Bethanie's jaw dropped open; Maddy looked back with wide, innocent eyes. "You see? This is exactly what I'm talking about!"

"What? I'm horny," Maddy made the last word into a long, begging whine, and threw in a sulky pout to sweeten the deal, "so what?" Her fingers didn't stop, lowering the zipper on the jeans and starting to tug them down over Bethanie's gorgeous thighs.

Bethanie mouthed 'Nymphomaniac' at her girlfriend, tossed the book onto the sofa and took a long draught of wine. She made no move to stop Maddy from undressing her, as the tight jeans stretched over her curves and started to descend more quickly.

"You lost my place, Bethy." Maddy's eyes were aimed straight down though, at the grey cotton boy-shorts that Bethanie had put on after the gym. They didn't reveal anything, but they hugged her pussy and her ass in the most divine way, accentuating all the curves, all the lines.

"Oh I'm sorry," Bethanie responded sarcastically, "It was a scene where a woman was fucking a robot. I'm sure you'll find it again. Or does that happen a lot in that book?"

"Yeah," Maddy said bashfully, "it happens kind of a lot." She crouched down and pushed the jeans the last little stretch to the floor, helping Bethanie step out of them and then throwing them aside. She ran her hands up her girlfriend's long shapely legs with a reverent look on her face. They made their way up Bethanie's calves and over the soft flesh of her thighs then slipped around her body, cupping her succulent rear firmly. Maddy's face came up too, level with the enticing mound that hid behind those shorts, and she gently leaned forwards. She touched the fabric not with her tongue, but with her nose, inhaling with a long sniff.

"Hey! What are you doing?" Bethanie looked down, a little embarrassed.

"Ooooh, you smell clean Bethy," Maddy growled, "I wanna make you dirty." She rubbed her nose against the fabric again, this time more forcefully, more deliberately, and lower down - not against Bethanie's firm flesh, but against the soft, yielding cleft right between her thighs.

Bethanie made a soft, high noise and closed her eyes. "Ok, we need to talk about this, I'm kinda tired and..."

"Well, let's talk after you follow through on that pussy delivery, ok?" Maddy cut her off, "And you can be tired after I fuck you, alright?"

Bethanie didn't say anything, her breathing starting to come faster as Maddy squeezed her fingers into her ass cheeks and stimulated her - up and down - with only her nose. She gasped with relief as she felt Maddy release her and stand up.

"Seriously, we'll talk, I promise. But first..." Maddy crossed to the sofa and rooted around behind the cushions. With a flourish she straightened up, in one hand a dildo, in the other a tube of lubricant. "Ta-da!"

"Oh," Bethanie threw her head back in defeat, and made another noise of frustration, "ok then." The dido was her favourite and Maddy knew it: a blue plastic one, covered in large, smooth studs that never failed to completely destroy her.

Maddy came back towards her, squeezing lube carelessly onto the knobbly blue cock, then discarding the tube and using both hands to make sure that the toy was well and truly covered. Bethanie's skin was prickling with heat, so she pulled her t-shirt over her head and threw it into the corner, standing there now in only her underwear; her bra not a sporty one, but a white lace half-cup affair that was a clashing mismatch with her shorts

Maddy came to a halt in front of the taller girl with a theatrical look of puzzlement. "Oh! I can't use this straight away," she started, frowning at the blue dildo, "so where can I leave it? Hmm..." She craned her head to look around the room as Bethanie watched her, genuinely confused about what she was doing. Suddenly Maddy's eyes leapt to her girlfriend's large, soft breasts and her face lit up with pantomime delight. "Perfect! You don't mind if I...?"

Bethanie's breasts, supported by the D-cups of her bra, did make an irresistibly inviting valley; and she had no time to respond as Maddy tugged at the front of the bra to make a little more room, then slipped the heavily lubricated toy down between the two soft, gorgeous mounds. When she released the bra the elastic trapped the tip of the cock, holding it firmly in place. Bethanie was gobsmacked.

"What are you...?"

"Saving that for later."

"You can't just..."

"Look, do you want me to lick your pussy, or don't you?"

Bethanie bit her lip, she knew she could stop this anytime she wanted to. If she really shouted, or just walked away Maddy would get the idea. But of course she didn't really want to stop this at all. The feeling of the slippery, slimy sex toy forced uncomfortably into the valley of her cleavage was so strange, and she loved new experiences. It felt dirty, naughty... kind of slutty even to have the blue cock forced between her breasts (and partly her bra) and to have to leave it there. She glanced down and saw the bottom end, a solid blue base with a hatch for batteries and a switch, pointing up at her. She also saw how her breasts had been smeared with the lube as Maddy had thrust it in, as if the blue cock had been tit-fucking her and had ejaculated some weird, translucent money shot.

She looked back up at Maddy and nodded quickly. "Ok," she said with nervous resignation.

"Hmph!" Maddy replied with a triumphant 'I told you so' smirk. She dropped down to her haunches and placed her palms - still slick with lubricant - on Bethanie's thighs again. Then she slid her left hand around to squeeze Bethanie's succulent ass and brought her right hand up into that secret space between her legs. She wiped most of the lube away on the brunette's thighs. She started rubbing with only her index finger, through the grey cotton, all along the lips she could feel through the panties, then rubbing and teasing, trying to get at Bethanie's clitoris without removing her underwear.

"Oh..." Bethanie gasped above her, "Don't tease Maddy, please just... oh fuck!"

"I'm not really teasing," Maddy responded calmly, continuing her stimulation, "it's more of a challenge. I know that I get wet like... oh well, I don't have any fingers to snap at the moment, but, y'know, very quickly." Bethanie hummed her understanding, feeling her body slowly start to give in to Maddy's ministrations. "I have to go slowly with you though," the blonde girl continued, "so I rarely get you to mess up your underwear," Bethanie hummed higher in alarm, "like you're going to do now."

"I don't know if... uh... I can get as wet as you, baby."

"You don't have to Bethy! You just have to make these cute little shorts a darker shade of grey." Bethanie blushed, then gasped as Maddy's other hand crept up her ass and took hold of the waistband of the shorts. "Also..." Maddy added enigmatically, and pulled the thin, tight cotton shorts down at the back so most of Bethanie's curvy backside was exposed, while the front stayed at the same height. Bethanie squirmed a little, the elastic waistband cutting into the soft flesh of her rear. "Also, I want to tickle you a bit," completed Maddy, trailing her fingers down gently into the crack of her girlfriend's ass.

"Oh no. No Maddy, too much... oh, no. Oh fuck." Bethanie was shaking now, her thighs trembling as Maddy's insistent finger made its way back and forward and all around her covered cleft, and Maddy's other fingers started stroking and gently tickling the tight gap between her cheeks. Maddy would get what she wanted any minute...

"Aha, there we go," whispered Maddy happily, and Bethanie felt it too. Her lips had parted and Maddy was coaxing out her juices to stain her panties. She blushed harder than ever, but couldn't help smirking when she thought about all the times she'd done exactly the same thing to Maddy. Then again with Maddy, making her wet was like shooting fish in a barrel.

"Oh Maddy, this is... good," gasped the tall girl, her hands rising up after hanging uselessly by her sides so far. She still didn't seem to know what to do with them though, and they just hovered there as she let her head fall back and her eyes closed with pleasure. Maddy's fingers in her crack were working more intently now and suddenly she hooked a single one down, past the waist band of the shorts and started to gently tease and tickle the tiny, puckered hole that Bethanie was hiding there.

"Oh, baby, don't..." Bethanie gasped, flustered.

"Relax Bethy, I know what you like," Maddy reassured her, and started concentrating her attention on the area where Bethanie's clit hid. She rubbed there with two fingers now, in light, broad circles, before returning less frequently to Bethanie's wet opening, to tease out and spread around more of Bethanie's honey.

To Bethanie it felt like she was so wet, she must have soaked through her panties by now. Why wasn't Maddy satisfied? And that damned teasing on her clit was nowhere near enough. Nothing was. Without thinking she brought her hands to her breasts to tease out her nipples and toy with them, but instead she jumped a little to find them slick and wet with lube, touching that dangerous toy.

Maddy leaned her head down and took a close look at Bethanie's crotch. The light grey had been stained a dirty, darker colour, and she smiled wickedly at this. It still wasn't much really - she could do a much better job of fucking up a pair of panties - but it was probably all Bethanie was capable of. She planted a kiss on the moist fabric, loving the familiar taste, then hooked the fingers of both hands into the waistband of the shorts at either hip and tore them down.

"Ah!" Bethanie gasped with a small feeling of release as her wet, teased pussy was exposed to the air. "Did I do well?" she asked dizzily, stepping out of her panties. Maddy held them up to her, stretching the fabric so that she could she the medium sized dark oval of her juices that stained them.

"You did... ok. Acceptable," Maddy judged, cheekily. She ran her fingers gently through the short, rough triangle of hair that Bethanie had also been exposed. "But not as good as I did on this! Wow, it looks good enough to eat!"

Bethanie frowned, trying to hide her embarrassment as she remembered the previous week; lying back on the bed, naked from the waist down while Maddy alternately trimmed her pubic hair and teased her helpless pussy lips. She snapped out of it as Maddy dipped her head, dropped to her knees, and brought her face up suddenly between Bethanie's thighs.

"Oh fuck..." Bethanie shuffled her feet, widening her stance and making it easier for Maddy's lips to plant a firm kiss on her needy pussy. This kiss was quickly followed by a quick, inquisitive tongue as Maddy, starting far back and licking forwards, tested how ready Bethanie really was. The tall brunette's lips were so soft and aroused that they allowed her tongue immediate access, and Maddy stopped halfway to thrust her tongue up and collect the fruits of her labours so far. Her hands, on Bethanie's thighs, slid up once again and squeezed the tall girl's ass.
