 (This fictional story is a continuation of the first chapter of what may become a "Bethany" series. Comments and suggestions are more than welcome, and I hope you all enjoy reading them as much as I like writing them!)

_________________________________________________

Bethany lay there as her body began to wind down and relax (a very pleasurable feeling of warm release all through her body) while at the same time her mind brooded over that image which bothered her so much. She couldn't deny that the image on some level intrigued and aroused her, and that's what worried her. "I'm not like that," she kept telling herself over and over again. Bethany knew that American culture at large saw nothing wrong with it, in fact over the last few decades much had been done to liberalize societies sexual norms and mores, but she had been raised to view such thoughts and actions as morally wrong and had for these last few weeks done her best to drive this thought from her mind. Feeling rather guilty and determined to think about something else, she got up, buried her dildo back under her socks and panties, and got dressed. 

The psychological and physiological process she felt today wasn't all that different from what it normally was for her; she'd get aroused, masturbate, and once she came back down from her post-orgasmic high would feel guilty. A lot of the time she'd considered throwing away her dildo and trying abstinence from all things sexual, but her resolve would never last. Bethany would try to bury her passions like she buried the dildo in the sock draw, but after awhile they would always come bubbling back out of her, sometimes explosively. This new "fantasy" (she cringed at the thought of it) only made the persistent guilt worse.

Over the next few hours she busied herself with housework and laundry, doing her best to leave this latest mental struggle in the past. Around six, Bethany realized that she had better get ready to go out with her friends to that new club they had found downtown a few nights before. Considering the smaller city they lived in, this was a true big city club and tonight was ladies' night. She always thought it amusing that the girls always got the breaks at the clubs on drinks and didn't mind it one bit. This club specialized in martini's, and tonight she would be able to get them for only a buck a pop, unless of course some brave guy was "nice" enough to buy her one. She wasn't oblivious to the games many guys played, but she was more than happy to let them buy her drinks. She just wasn't interested in dating right now nor was she interested in casual sex. She was going out to have fun, and was looking forward to a long night of conversation, dancing, and laughs. "I better get ready before the girls get here. I wouldn't let myself into CO2 with shorts and a t-shirt," she smiled to herself.

Going through her closet she decided on one of her black skirts, a loose sleeveless white top, and her black heels. Bethany really loved those shoes, not only did they add two inches to her, but they were really rather comfortable for heels – at least her feet would wouldn't be throbbing by the end of the night like they would in her other set of heels, vividly recalling the pain in her feet after her sister's wedding reception two years ago. A simple silver chain and hoop earrings completed the ensemble. 

Ten minutes later the girls arrived. A year ago she had known none of them, but since she had moved here four months ago they had grown together fast. Bethany and these three girls all liked to have fun, were generally laid back, and got along very well together. The other three had arrived in Jessie's black Grand Prix At thirty-five she was older than the rest of them, had been married for fifteen years, and had four kids; the other three girls jokingly called her "mom." The other two, Karla and Kasey, were twins. They were both raven-haired former college volleyball players who still played in local leagues three or four times a week. Bethany looked up to these two girls, and not only because they were a foot taller than she was. She looked up to them because at 27 they had already together established a thriving local athletic equipment store which was comfortably in the black. This is how she had met these three girls. As a regular customer she had gotten to know the twins and become friendly with them. But it wasn't until Jessie had begun to come to the store three months ago that their little group had begun to form.

Jessie had just had her fourth a year ago and had gotten tired of the weight she had put on over the last 15 years. She came in to look for some help on how to loose the baby weight. The twins had taken her under their wing as they did many of their customers giving her tips, advice, and a discount on the elliptical Jessie ended up buying from them. Knowing that Bethany was a regular runner/biker, they had also pointed Jessie in her direction. So for the last two and a half months Jessie and Bethany had been regular biking buddies, riding the roads and trails in their area together and getting to know one another quite well. Jessie had thrown herself into working out and had up to this point lost almost 20 pounds. They had even decided that they might start running together over the next couple weeks. "Mom" was feeling better than she had in years, was only 10 pounds away from where she was when she got married, and had confided to Bethany this last week that her loving and stable marriage had also begun to get hot again. Life was going well for all four girls, and they were fast becoming good friends.

This last month they had started to go out occasionally together to restaurants, clubs, and movies at the encouragement of Jessie's husband of all people. He was ecstatic at how his wife had begun to make some good friends and was developing a life outside the kids and house. He had been encouraging her for weeks now to take the occasional "girl's night" and have some fun. So at Jessie's instigation they were going out tonight to CO2 to relax, bond, and have fun.

"Ready to go Squirt?" Jessie shouted from her car.

"Yeah, hurry it up Kid!" Kasey teasingly added.

Bethany didn't mind the ribbing. They new she was comfortable with her size. And she knew that if the chips where down and anyone ever tried to mess with her, that unfortunate person would have one tough mother and two athletic amazons swooping down on him or her.

"Hold on, you old farts!" Bethany threw back at them flashing a huge grin.

"Old? I'll have you know that I'm just starting to hit my stride young lady!" retorted Jessie.

"Not to mention Karla and I could toss you around like a Barbie!" added Kasey.

Not missing a beat and thoroughly enjoying the back and forth, Bethany laughed and shouted back as she locked her door, "Hey, it's not my fault that I look that good!"

All four were laughing now as Bethany got in the car and they drove off to the club, merrily sharing this day's news and gossip on the way.

Bethany had purchased the first round of martinis and they had all settled down into their own little booth to drink them and scope out the club and people. So far Bethany liked the place; it was clean, the music was good but not deafening, and the selection of martinis was enormous. There were a few cute guys floating around apparently single, but she was content to just look for now. The twins were recounting their most recent day and the customer who had apparently smitten Karla.

"So how cute is cute?" Jessie asked leaning in and looking fascinated. "I thought you were as straight as an arrow when it came to your choice of gender."

"I dunno." Karla sheepishly said as she stared straight into her drink.

"Oh come on sis; you were positively gaga the entire time she was in the store. There is no way she couldn't have noticed how flushed you were when she asked you for help picking out some free weights," prompted Kasey.

"Ok, ok, so she was nice on the eyes," admitted Karla, "But I wasn't gaga."

"Nice on the eyes!" laughed Karla, "She was a hottie and you know it!"

"O wow..." whispered Jessie, "You both? I would have never guessed."

"I know, I know, Jessie, we come across as too "normal" to be like that don't we?" Kasey sarcastically chided Jessie while smiling and playfully grabbing her hand.

"Well its not that I think there's anything wrong with it," a flustered and apologetic Jessie responded, "I just didn't figure you both to be, ya know, lesbians."

"Oh don't worry about it 'mom,' a now smiling Karla said reassuringly, "It's not a problem, we're not offended are we sis? In fact, since you've lost all that weight you've gotten pretty cute yourself. How 'bout you Beth, you have any thoughts on all this?" 

Bethany had been quietly listening the entire time just trying to absorb the new revelations. Just like Jessie, she didn't see anything particularly wrong with being gay, it was just different, and she didn't see herself as being that way at all. "I dunno. I'm ok with it, I don't think I could ever picture myself with a woman, not my cup of tea I guess...I guess to each their own preferences."

"So you don't think either me or my sister are cute at all? Or Jessie for that matter?" prodded a smiling Kasey.

"Oh yeah!" fired back Bethany with mock seriousness, "I want to jump right into bed with all three of you for a night of decadent lust filled sex!"

At that point all four busted out laughing hysterically, and that was the end of that conversation. They spent the next few hours talking about the girl's business, Jessie's kids, Bethany's job, music, and everything else a good group of girlfriends would talk about. At around 11:30 and after a whole lot of martinis – except for Jessie who had stopped at two since she was driving – they decided to head home. Jessie had to get the kids up the next morning for school and the twins had to be responsible adults and open the store at 8. Talking, joking, laughing, and feeling more than a little buzzed, Bethany wandered out to the car with the other three. She was quite happy she didn't have to think about how she was getting home, or for that matter how she was going to get herself up tomorrow morning since she didn't work. They all piled into the car with Jessie driving. Kasey insisted on shotgun since she was determined to continue her debate with Jessie about who was going to win this year's American Idol. This put Bethany and a half-asleep Karla I the back seat. Karla had had a couple more than the rest of them and was really beginning to show it, getting quite huggy and cuddly with "the three greatest girls on the face of the earth!" 

On the road, Bethany was actually listening rather intently to Kasey and Jessie as they continued to debate the ins and outs of Idol, when she felt a sudden weight on her shoulder, Karla had fallen asleep. For no real reason she could think of, Bethany tensed up at the sudden incidental contact between her and Karla, not sure of how to handle her inebriated friend's body against hers. While she was still trying to figure out what to do, and as Kasey and Jessie continued their friendly debate, they hit a bump and Karla slumped over Bethany's lap. The jarring woke Karla up just enough for her to decide to use Bethany's lap as a pillow, and after readjusting herself to what she apparently thought was comfortable she fell right back asleep. Under normal circumstances this would have simply been a instance where Bethany would have just rolled with it and probably gotten the other two's attention so they could give Karla more than a little crap for passing out; but the combination of her own alcohol consumption, the evenings earlier revelations, and Karla's right hand which was now under her left thigh were all together having a physical effect on her which kept her from moving, much less saying anything to the other two in the front.

"Stop it!" she tried to berate herself, but her own intoxicated and now fairly uninhibited body was responding to the physical contact. The hand under her upper thigh was feeling quite nice and was within a couple inches of her warming pussy. Her body was betraying her, and her resolve to not enjoy this was starting to fade. She could feel her nipples beginning to press up tight against her bra, her pussy was beginning to slicken, and she prayed she wasn't as flushed as she felt. Then Karla shifted, apparently deciding in her sleep that she needed to readjust her "pillow." Her hand slid further under Bethany's leg, briefly brushing her pantied pussy, and pulling Bethany's left leg toward her as she curled up on the back seat, completely oblivious to the effect she was having on her human head rest. The brief contact sent a shock through Bethany's body, the buzz of the alcohol now mixing with the familiar buzz of her rising hormones. She desperately wanted to get home so this distressing situation would come to an end, yet she was still more than lucid enough to realize that she was also beginning to get quite horny, and it was a girl doing it to her! The last five minutes home seemed interminable, as she struggled to get her body under control and regain her composure. Only once in that time did either of the two girls up front direct any conscious thought to Bethany and Karla in the back seat, and it was Jessie simply asking which one of two roads was the quickest back to Bethany's place. At last they reached the duplex and parked out front.

"Oh my God!" laughed Kasey as she turned around to say goodbye to Bethany, "Karla's passed out!"

"Yeah I know," replied Bethany trying to sound as calm as she could.

Jessie looked and simply sat there trying not to laugh too much at the situation, and both her and Kasey seemed to busy giggling to notice the heightened state of arousal which Bethany was feeling.

"Just push her off you," said Jessie between giggles.

"I would, but she's kind of hugging my leg here" answered Bethany exasperated.

"Hold on a sec," said Karla as she hopped out of the car and opened the door on Karla's side to help Bethany pry her twin loose. "She is so going to get major crap for this, you guys better not let her off the hook either," laughed Kasey again as she finally pulled her sister off Bethany.

Bethany quickly got out of the car and did her best not to hurry through goodbyes despite her overwhelming urge to run into her duplex. Leaving Karla still sleeping soundly in the back seat and the other two girls giggling away in the front, Bethany turned and walked as calmly as she could into the house. Walking in, she closed and locked the door behind her, leaning against it with her eyes closed. "What the hell is going on with me?!" her mind screamed to her. She gathered herself and walked up stairs to her room and quickly removed her clothing throwing it in a pile on the floor. She went over to her bed, slipped into her nightshirt, and walked back to her dresser to get a fresh pair of panties. She reached into the open drawer and her hand brushed up against her cool black dildo. Before she could stop herself her hand closed around it and she took it out.

She was too far gone now, the hormonal passions in her body too intense for her to just sleep it off. She needed release. Bethany wasn't thinking about anything else, the cocktail combination of martinis and hormones were driving her actions now. She didn't even bother to remove her nightshirt as she lay back on her bed and spread her legs. There would be no foreplay tonight, no real need for a warm up either. It took only moments for her to work enough of her personal lubrication onto the shaft of the dildo for it to slide in and out of her freely. She was hot, moaning, and flushed. The fabric of her shirt rubbing against her hard and pronounced nipples was adding noticeable extra stimulation. Soon it was only one hand pumping the fake cock into her, the other was alternating between her breasts and clitoris. 

It wouldn't be long and she knew it. The familiar tensing of her body, her abdomen and pelvic area feeling like it was becoming a tightly wound spring. And then the image, but tonight it was different. As she came closer and closer to her orgasm she saw in her mind's eye Karla's long black hair flowing freely around her bare shoulders. Her slightly sagging grapefruit sized breasts bounced freely as she fucked Bethany with a strapon. And then she came, a long, deep explosion radiating outward from her legs throughout her body, she kept fucking herself, visualizing Karla's lust-filled face gazing back at her. She came again, stronger than the first, her moans filling the entire apartment. She imagined what a long passionate kiss from Karla would feel like, and came a third time as she continued to pound herself hard. 

Bethany lost track how many times she came that night as she fantasized about making love to Karla. She awoke about 3:00 AM feeling cold. She realized that she must have fallen asleep almost immediately after she came her last time, whenever that was exactly. Her nightshirt was still bunched up around her waist, her legs lay flat and spread open across her bed, and her dildo – though not in her – was still between her legs. She briefly got up, tossed the dildo onto the floor, pulled down her sheets and crawled into bed, utterly unsure of what she thought or how she felt; and it was in that same frame of mind that she fell asleep.