 Bethel: The Initiation

A rich girl uses lesbian sex for a favor and discovers that she likes it.

 Yesterday, I got a letter from the college demanding that I appear before the school's disciplinary committee in two weeks. This time I hadn't done anything wrong. At least not too wrong. I met with some friends at a local bar. One of the girls got drunk and I had to sober her up a bit before dropping her off at her dormitory. This made me very late and it was the straw that broke the camel's back. That coupled with all of my other infractions brought me to this point. I had to do something fast before my parents found out.

My marriage of 26 years ended in divorce six months ago We had put our boys through college and both were established in good jobs. My husband and I just kind of drifted apart. Not yet 45, I took this job as a dormitory supervisor for females at the local university to help pass the time. At 5'7" and 135 pounds, I was in good shape, but still worked out everyday. My dark hair was just beginning to silver a little at my temples. When I found I was a natural at the job, I leased the house and moved in here.

Girls paraded up and down the hallways, always talking and excited about something. I kept the dorm running smoothly for them. As the semester passed, I began looking at the young women with a different eye--not a mother's eye! I looked at their perky breasts and tight butts. These were the kinds of girls my sons might have been interested in. I began roaming the hallways when I knew they were likely to be half or fully naked going into rooms or to and from the gym. Praise be, I found I still had a working pussy as I rubbed myself to orgasm with a naked girl's image in my mind.

I went on for months surreptitiously lusting for girls--no particular one--just a female. Whenever I was alone, a finger was usually inside my panties. I found that I could almost come at will. Just the thought of a flash of nipple or a glimpse of a dark covered pussy sent me quickly over the edge.

My friend Kate and I often giggled about it in our room when we realized that the dorm mom had the hots for the women. She probably thought no one noticed, but we did. We made up a list of things that she might do when she was locked in her office or her quarters. She probably had girlie magazines in her locked desk drawer for when she couldn't see the real thing. Maybe, she even pulled up lesbian sites on her laptop. She probably rubbed her pussy constantly, cumming as she thought about us.

One of my girls, a snotty rich one, repeatedly broke curfew. Apparently, she felt she was beyond our rules. I had called her hand about it a couple times, but now had to bring her before a college disciplinary committee. The young woman, Bethel, was 5'7", blonde, blue-eyed and built. She knocked on my office door one Sunday morning a few days before the hearing. Being that it was Sunday I was casually dressed in sweats, prepared for my daily constitutional. The knock brought my hand out of my panties. "Uh, yes? Come, come in."

Damn. How many times have I broken the rules? Don't these people realize that I have a social life and a boyfriend? If they moved into the 21st century and made the dorms co-ed, I wouldn't have to be late coming in. It takes time to dress, leave the motel and get back her by 1 a.m. Oh, well. Let me put on my sad face. "Ma'am, may I talk to for a moment?" Bethel feigned fright. 

"Of course, dear. Come in. Have a seat." She fidgeted but remained standing. "What can I do for you, Bethel?"

"It's about the hearing. This is my second university and I can't get kicked out of the dorm. My parents would go ballistic. It's my last year here. Can you help me stay in? I promise to follow the rules this time."

"Bethel, I gave you the benefit of the doubt many times. I know you young people have social lives, but you also have rules and responsibilities," I admonished. 

I've always been able to cry at will. It has served me well in many situations. I've cried my way out of a speeding ticket or cried my way to a C instead of the D I deserved. It's time to start the water running again. If it doesn't work with her, I have a backup plan.

Bethel, crushed at my words, hung her head and cried. I felt very sorry for her, watching her chest heave. In a few moments, she raised her tear-stained face and dropped the terry cloth bathrobe she was wearing revealing her nakedness. A strand of pearls hung at neck. 

It was apparent that the tears weren't working, so I went to plan B and dropped my drawers, so to speak. That would get the dyke's motor running. "Ma'am, I'll do anything if you help me. I've seen the way you look at the girls. You can do whatever you need to do to me--here, right now."

Magnificent is the only word that could describe Bethel. "That's an offer I can't refuse. Lock the door, Bethel." She obeyed. "Now come here and sit on my lap." She straddled my lap, facing me, her back braced against my desk. I rubbed her torso, examining her, getting use to the feel of soft female flesh. "You're a beautiful girl Bethel. You smell divine," I mumbled just before my mouth tongued her pearls and took her right nipple. She gasped as I sucked and gently bit it. Then I put as much of her globe into my mouth as would fit. The left one followed a few minutes later.

"Kiss me, Bethel, like you kiss your boyfriend" I demanded. The girl placed her opened mouth on mine, eased my lips open, and gave me her tongue. Our tongues battled as our pussies heated. Bethel was screwing the two fingers I had lodged in her pussy as she continued to kiss me wetly. She moaned loudly in my sound-proofed office as I made her cum.

Kiss her? I can't kiss a woman, I thought. But she was in control of my life at this point and I did what she asked. Kissing her wasn't so bad. In fact, it was really stimulating. It was very different from kissing Mason whose tongue dominated my mouth. And grinding my pussy on the fingers inside me seemed the natural thing to do as we kissed. I thought I would have to fake a cum, but it happened naturally. And it was good.

"Get on my desk, Bethel. I want to see your pussy close up." Excitedly, I opened her up, tracing her wetness with trembling fingers. I kissed the insides of her thighs, working my way towards my mark. When my mouth found her hot center, I devoured her. She literally screamed at each thrust of my tongue inside her or each pull of my lips on her clit, grabbing my head and pulling me harder into her. I held her legs in firmly in place as I kept her cumming, her little ass bucking up from my desk with each spasm. When I dragged my wet face away, her cunt was red, wide open and well serviced. My first taste of another pussy had caused me to be overly enthusiastic. But Bethel wasn't complaining. She was purring as I blew my breath on her kitty.

Through all of this I was fully clothed. There was no need for Bethel to do anything except enjoy. I came just eating and touching her. Her paper work will be mysteriously lost, but certainly not the memory of her, my first pussy .

Wow, that was fantastic. I've never cum that many times with a man. The old bat sure can eat some pussy. She really worked me over. I was sore between my legs and my breasts ached. Mason was never this good. He only ate me when he wanted forgiveness. I need to get back to my room and think about this.