 Please read Part 1 first. You'll enjoy the story much more!

********

Thinking back on that first time with Julie was enough to nearly push me over the edge all by itself. As I eased up and stopped at the next traffic light, I slid my hand between my legs and began to slip two fingers inside my leaking pussy. This time, I was so hot that I almost wished someone would see me.

The anticipation, the dread, the memory of her sweet young body all combined to put me in that zone where I just needed to cum. My mother could have pulled up along side of me and I would not, could not, have removed my fingers from my cunt. I smeared my nectar all around my opening and began to rub my clit furiously. There was no time for the usual teasing or preliminaries.

Fortunately, this time the car beside me at the light was a small one like mine, and the woman driver was not high enough to see into my vehicle. But I sensed that she was watching me. I suppose it must have been the wanton expression on my face. Eyes partially closed, lips parted, nostrils flaring—all the signals of arousal. I watched her watch me, but never slowed my fingers. Before the light even turned green again, my legs stiffened, pressing hard against the floorboard of the car, and I had a thunderous orgasm.

Just as the light changed, I wiped my juices from my hand so I could grip the wheel to drive and pulled away slowly. I had no idea what the woman must have been thinking, and at that point, I had too many other things on my mind to really care.

I was on my way to an address that Julie had given me that morning. I had no idea what I would find when I got there or what I might be required to do.

All that I knew for certain was that I was driving through the city, naked from the waist down, all on the orders of an 18- year-old student from my senior English class. My god, my god.

But I guess I'm getting a little ahead of myself. I need to provide a bit more background.

********

Almost from the minute I left Julie's apartment after I seduced her that day, I began to feel this overwhelming guilt. Here I was, a respected teacher who had just done a terrible thing to one of my students. It didn't matter that Julie seemed to be a willing participant. I was the authority figure in this situation, and I should have acted accordingly.

Driving home, I could still feel the moisture in my cunt, my arousal still fresh in my mind and my body. And, my god, did that sweet young body do something to me! I felt light-headed from everything that had happened.

I shook my head to try to bring myself back to my senses, vowing that I could not possibly let anything happen again between Julie and me. There was much too much at stake—my career, my marriage, not to mention her delicate psyche. And, of course, there was my own psyche, which was also pretty screwed up right then.

For the rest of the weekend, thoughts of Julie kept flitting in and out of my mind. Little images, the sounds, smells, sensations of my time with her kept coming back. And each time my nipples would stiffen and I would feel that moistening between my legs.

I wasn't sure how I was going to do it, but on Monday I had to tell Julie what a mistake it was for me to do that to her on Saturday. I'd ask her forgiveness, beg her not to tell anyone, and pray that one day I would be able to look back on the incident and say, "What the hell were you thinking?"

But when the seniors began to file into my class on Monday, I realized it wasn't going to be so easy to maintain my resolve. My eyes searched the faces of the students as they came in and found their seats until I found Julie. When she saw me looking at her, she blushed a little and gave me a smile that said she was enjoying the secret that only the two of us knew. At least I prayed that only two of us knew!

She was wearing the denim mini that always made me crazy when I saw her in it. She had paired it with a white blouse that buttoned up the front, and I could see through the rather thin material that she was wearing a black demi-bra underneath. Two buttons of the blouse were already undone, displaying a good bit of her tanned chest. She smiled a little wider, as she noticed my reaction to her sexy outfit and took her place in her usual spot in the first row directly in front of my desk.

Even though I was shaken at seeing Julie for the first time since Saturday, especially wearing an outfit that was so obviously calculated to get my attention, I realized I had a class to teach. So I set about starting a review of some of the things that were going to be on the final exam scheduled for Friday.

I was grateful to be able to turn around and write things on the dry erase board because each time I turned away from the class, it gave me the chance to collect myself a bit and try and gain some control. But each time I turned back, there was Julie, sitting there in her sexy outfit, with that cute little grin on her face.

And to make matters worse each time I turned around, I noticed that her legs were spread just a bit farther apart. It was obvious that she was teasing me, trying to see how I would react. Once, as I was trying to explain a concept from one of the novels I'd assigned, Julie casually reached up and unfastened two more buttons on her blouse, allowing me to glimpse more of the ample cleavage that she had placed on display.

When I saw that, the words caught in my throat, and I had to fake a coughing spell to give me time to recover. But the last straw came when I turned around from the board once more to see that Julie had allowed her skirt to ride up nearly to her waist. I could see the boy to her left trying to get a look out of the corner of his eye, but he didn't have the angle that I did. He couldn't tell, as I could, that Julie was not wearing panties!

That was all I could handle, and I told the class to review on their own for the rest of the period and sat at my desk pretending to look through some papers. Of course, what I was really doing was sitting there watching Julie, studying her young pussy as she intentionally displayed it for me, remembering what it felt like, tasted like. It was fortunate that I was sitting right then, because my legs were too weak to hold me up.

Finally, the bell broke through the quiet hum of the classroom and brought me back from my daydream about Saturday at Julie's apartment. The students looked as if they had been ejected from their seats, they were up so quickly, eager to be out of school for the day and onto some fun.

But Julie didn't move at the sound of the bell. She sat there, legs spread a bit too wide, blouse unbuttoned much too far, and waited as the classroom emptied. Finally, she rose casually from her seat and smiled again at me as she began to collect her things.

"Julie," I said, trying to make my voice sound as teacher-like as possible, "we need to talk. Would you mind staying for just a bit?"

"Sure, Mrs. Robertson." She certainly seemed a lot more relaxed about the whole situation than I, and that made me feel even more uncomfortable.

After the last student had exited, I turned to Julie, again making an attempt at my most professional demeanor. I had a mental argument with myself about whether I should close the classroom door, and decided it would be much better to leave it open. I hoped the open door would minimize the temptation I was feeling.

I sat down at my desk, knees demurely together and feet tucked slightly under my chair. I made sure that my full skirt was pulled down as far as it would go, which was just about to my knees. My conservative white blouse was buttoned all the way to my neck. I only wished I'd worn panty hose that morning, just to provide a bit more "insulation," but I had to be content being covered by my conservative cotton panties.

Julie stood beside my desk and looked at me with that open, eager expression that I had enjoyed so much this year. Her breasts were just about at my eye level as I sat there, an indication of her short stature. She was standing so close that I could smell that fruity aroma that intoxicated me so, particularly because it was mixed with her own natural scent. She was obviously very turned on by displaying herself to me in class the way she had.

"Julie," I said, trying not to look directly at her. "We need to talk about Saturday."

"Oh, yes, Mrs. Robertson, it was just wonderful!"

That wasn't the reaction I needed at that moment. "I'm not sure what came over me, but we simply can't let that happen again," I said in my sternest voice.

"What do you mean?" she whined, her pretty face clouding up. "I don't want us to stop."

"Julie, I have to apologize to you for Saturday. I don't know what got into me. I've never done anything like that before... with anyone, let alone with a student."

"Wasn't I good enough?" she whispered. Her eyes were filling with tears, and her shoulders slumped just a little.

"Oh, no! It's not that at all, dear. It was one of the most wonderful things I've ever experienced." Just as the words flew out of my mouth, I was ready to bite my tongue. I never should have offered that kind of encouragement.

"Then if it was so good, we definitely should do it again!" I love the logic of a teenager. Everything is so black and white, so simple with them.

"It's not that easy, Julie. You're a student. I'm a teacher. I have obligations to you... and to your mother. Professional obligations. Besides, I could lose my job and maybe even end up in jail over this."

"Don't worry, Mrs. Robertson," she chirped reassuringly, "I'll keep your secret... our secret. I'll never get you in trouble."

"That's not the point, Julie, although I do appreciate your keeping this just between us. It's just not right."

"I don't care, "Julie pouted, her luscious lips pursed together into a little frown, "I want it. I want you."

And with that, she moved a step closer to me and slowly raised the hem of her denim miniskirt. Higher and higher it went, until her womanhood was in full view. "Are you sure you don't want me anymore?" she asked coyly, as she watched me intently, and followed my gaze downward to where it was fixed on her deliciously bare mound.

I couldn't do anything but stare. My mouth went completely dry. I felt as if I was rooted to my chair. Never taking her eyes from mine, Julie began to touch herself, running her hand over her mound before slipping one finger just inside her tight opening.

"Stop it, Julie!" I almost screamed at her. And then it occurred to me that the last thing I wanted to do was attract the attention of anyone who might be passing my classroom. The halls had emptied of students by now, but there were always other teachers and custodial staff lurking around. I lowered my voice to just above a whisper and glanced nervously at the open door. "Please, Julie, this isn't anything to joke around about."

"I'm not joking, Mrs. Robertson," she replied. "I don't want us to stop. And I don't think you really do, either."

And with that, she reached over and put her hand on my knee. It rested there only a second before she began to slowly slide my skirt upward, My nipples sprang to attention at her touch and little goose bumps formed on my leg when I felt her hand moving lightly up along the inside of my thigh.

"Besides, Mrs. Roberson, I didn't get to do anything for you on Saturday. And I really want to make you feel as good as you made me feel."

"That's out of the question, Julie!" I protested. "Especially here in school."

But she didn't seem to hear me, as she continued to slide her hand up farther, pressing forcefully upward when I tried to clamp my thighs together. I was already aroused from watching her display her bare pussy to me for an hour, and the feel of her warm hand so close to my sex was just too much. My heart began to pound at the danger, the stupidity, of what we were doing. But any rational thought was easily overcome by the lust I was feeling for her at that moment.

Keeping the one hand in place between my legs, Julie reached with her other and pressed it against my breast. Even through the fabric of my bra, I'm sure she could tell how firm and erect my nipple was. Her fingers were tracing over the front panel of my panties, pressing them into me, soaking them with my nectar.

She pressed herself closer to my chair and wedged her thighs between my knees and forced them farther and farther apart as she leaned toward me. As she bent down to kiss me, I could see completely inside her barely-buttoned blouse. Her breasts were straining against the half-cups they were resting in and I could clearly see the darker pink of her areolas.

Then her face was close to mine and she was kissing me—eagerly, firmly, fully. Her tongue pressed itself inside my mouth and suddenly her hands were all over. My breasts, my pussy, my face. It was as if she was possessed. I didn't see how it was possible to be taken so aggressively but such a small girl. The thought of what I had unleashed in her scared the hell out of me.

She dropped to her knees between my legs and began licking her way from my knees upward along my thighs. But she was not in the mood to tease and take her time. And I didn't want her to. I could feel my climax building the minute she forced her hand between my legs, and I knew that one touch on my bare pussy would probably push me over the edge. Besides, the door to my classroom was still open and I knew that someone could pass by any minute.

Fortunately, my desk was in one corner of the room, so it was not in the direct line of sight from the hallway, and by now Julie had knelt down to the point that she was nearly concealed under the desk. But it was still frightening to realize that we could be discovered at any moment. But I was not about to stop things right then to get up and close the door. I was simply too close to an amazing orgasm!

Julie reached up underneath my skirt and grabbed for the waistband of my panties. I lifted my ass from the chair and she pulled them down in one fluid motion. I scooted toward the edge of my chair to give her better access and immediately I felt her tongue on me. She was like an eager puppy, lapping at my dripping box. I'm not sure she even knew where my clit was. But the eagerness of her licks allowed her to find it every few strokes and each time sent an electric shock from the base of my spine, through my nipples and back again to my cunt.

Just then I heard footsteps in the hallway! I froze and grabbed Julie's head and held it still between my thighs.

"You in there, Mrs. Robertson?" It was the custodian!

"Yes, it's just me, Mr. Wilson," I croaked. I know my voice had to sound incredibly strange. It didn't help that Julie continued to run the tip of her tongue along my crease, despite my best efforts to hold her still.

"Are you okay?"

"Oh, I'm fine," I lied, "just gathering up a few things before I go home." I was praying he wouldn't stick his head all the way in my room and see the look on my face. I'd be busted for sure.

"All right, then, I'll be back to clean in a few minutes when you're gone."

"Mr. Wilson, would you mind pushing my door shut?" It was all I could do to get those last few words out.

"Sure thing, ma'am." The sound of the closing door was probably the sweetest thing I'd ever heard.

I breathed an immense sigh of relief and I felt the strength drain out of my body. Sensing an opening, Julie forced her tongue farther inside and began to lap at my inner folds. That was too much. My body exploded. Lights flashed. Every muscle in my body tensed and then went slack as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me.

The combination of danger, forbidden fruit, and sheer physical sensation combined to make it the most intense orgasm of my entire life.

When I finally came down from that incredible climax, I slowly opened my eyes and saw Julie sitting there at my feet with her knees tucked under her. Her head was resting against my leg, and she was staring at me with those big brown eyes. She also had a very self-satisfied smile on her face that told me she knew exactly how much I'd enjoyed what she did to me. But the thing that really got to me was that almost her entire face was slick and shiny with my juices. She had buried her pretty face in my pussy and refused to pull away until she made me cum. And the results were there on her face for all to see.

I reached down and took her by the shoulders, pulling her upward and toward me. She was standing again, there between my knees, and I took her face in my hands and brought her mouth to mine. "Thank you, Julie," I whispered softly and then I kissed her full on the mouth. Kissed her like a lover. Kissed her hungrily. And she returned every one of those kisses.

"See," she giggled when I finally released her lips for a few seconds. "I told you we shouldn't stop."

"Oh, but Julie, we must stop. This just isn't right, and it's going to have an unhappy ending."

"Don't worry, Mrs. Robertson, no one will ever know. And don't forget, my mother works all day Saturday. We can have the apartment to ourselves for the whole day."

With that, Julie smiled that wonderful smile, and turned toward my classroom door.

"No, Julie, I can't... "

But she was already out the door. Either she didn't hear what I'd said, or she chose to ignore me.

********

My heart was still racing from the excitement and danger of driving around town with nothing on but my short little top, and my pussy ached with arousal. The quick orgasm I'd managed at that light a little ways back helped some. But my need was growing again as I wondered, dreaded what might lie ahead of me that day.

I glanced down at the printed copy of an email between my bare legs—a paper now smeared with the nectar from my arousal—and reread the address that Julie had sent me that morning. Thirteen forty-three Mansfield Drive, it read. I was familiar with the area, a nice middle-class neighborhood on the northwest side of town.

I ran my fingers through my long, dark hair, trying to brush it back from my face a little. "Shit," I muttered under my breath when I realized that I'd just massaged some of my pussy juice into my hair. As if I didn't smell enough like fucking already. "Well, I guess I'll just smell like a whore until I can get a shower," I thought to myself.

I made a left turn at Mansfield and eased my red compact car down the block, looking from one side of the street to the other, trying to locate number 1343. The street was lined with neat yards with a good number of mature trees, some so big that they blocked my view of the house numbers until I was right in front.

A few children were playing along the sidewalks, enjoying their freedom from school and the warm weather. But, generally, things were pretty quiet. It was mid-afternoon, and most of the parents were away at work. A lot of the younger kids were inside taking naps.

I was glad to see that not too many people were around because my instructions were clear. I had been ordered to park in the driveway of 1343 Mansfield, walk to the front door, ring the bell, and wait. That's all Julie told me. To wait. I assumed someone would open the door and be expecting me. But who would it be?

Oh yes, and there is that little matter of my being naked from the waist down while I was making my way from the car to the porch. I hoped like hell that whoever was going to open the door would do it quickly.

Lost in thought over what I was about to do, I almost passed the house I was looking for and had to slam on the breaks. The tires squealed a little, and I tensed up, hoping that I hadn't called attention to myself. I pulled into the driveway, with my heart about to beat out of my chest. It was time to steel myself for the nearly-nude walk to the front door and for whatever was on the other side.
