 Young Molly, 18 years old, wakes up to find herself strapped face down to the back of a horse, her wrists wrapped around its neck and bound together by rope.

The horse isn't moving. It just stands there, breathing, occasionally letting out a snort.

Somebody else nearby is moving though.

"Don't get many thieves 'round here." a feminine voice speaks from somewhere behind her.

"Wha..?" groans Molly, lifting her head off the horse's warm neck and trying to get a look around. She is outside, the afternoon sun radiating down onto her back through her rough cotton shirt. In the not-too-far distance, pine trees form a thicket and then a forest.

"Caught you tryin' to make off with my horse here." the voice says, followed by the sound of dry pine needles snapping under boots as the unseen person gets closer.

Molly tries to shift herself off the horse's back, but her ankles appear to be tied together as well, underneath its belly. "I wasn't gonna.." she protests, turning her head to look to the other side, where the voice came from.

The woman is standing by the horse's side, watching her with undecided interest. Molly sees that she is holding a fairly long leather whip coiled in one hand, and her breathing instantly speeds up. The woman notices it and smirks as she extends a hand towards Molly's face.

"'Fraid that I'll whip you?" she asks, taking hold of one of Molly's braids and letting the brown hair slip through her fingers.

"Please.." shivers Molly, her brown eyes pleading with the dark green ones of the woman.

The woman's hand moves on back to touch the girl's shoulder, then slips down her back slowly.

"You tried to take my horse." she speaks. "That's gonna count for something."

Her hand slides down the young girl's spine, pressing the warm fabric onto her skin.

"I was only gonna borrow it." protests Molly anxiously, as the hand reaches the end of her shirt, yet proceeds to slip further back, over the bareness of her lower back. A jolt of unexpected pleasure courses up Molly's spine as the hand firmly runs over and past her coccyx. "M-Ma'm?" she half-whispers.

The woman answers sternly: "You go take my horse's back.. I just may take yours."

And with that, her hand moves down into the back of the young girl's trousers. A gasp escapes Molly's lips when she feels the woman's fingers dip into the parting of her bottom.

"P-Please.." Molly tries again. But her plea continues to be ignored, and the middle two of the woman's fingers run deep between her buttocks, slipping further back, then dipping downward as they reach their destination. "Don't.." groans Molly, as the pair of fingers, slow as honey, locate her sphincter and start to rub lazy circles over it. The muscle contracts reflexively, which marks the first time that Molly sees the woman give a hint of a smile.

"Why so tight, honey?" she mocks.

Molly squirms to evade the woman's touch, but her bonds give her barely half an inch.

The two fingers go on to massage her anus even more intimately as the neighbouring fingertips work to spread the hot flesh of her buttocks further apart. In spite of herself and her situation, Molly feels a buzz of excitement responding from inside her loins. She bites her plump bottom lip in an effort to stop a treacherously soft sigh.

For a moment, she dares believe her punishment is over, when the woman's hand slowly moves back up, out of her crack and even out of her trousers. But a second later, both the woman's hands brusquely pull the back part of her trousers down to completely expose her bottom to the sweet warm sunshine. "No! Please.. Don't do this." whimpers Molly weakly, realising she can barely even squeeze her buttocks together in this position.

Once again, her pleas fall on deaf ears. "Let's see what you've got back here, you thieving little minx." the woman says, taking a side-step to get a better look at the girl's bottom. She lays her hands on each cheek and, slowly and calmly, spreads them apart. "Oh.." the woman murmurs. "You've got real treasure right here, you do." She admires the girl's small, muscled hole, simultaneously enjoying the feel of her soft buttocks in the palms of her hands.

Molly tenses as the hands part her bottom even further before all becomes ominously still for several seconds.

Then something hot, wet and soft touches the sensitive rosebud of her sphincter. It rolls and circles over and across, before dancing its way right into the centre, teasing at the pink inside.

"Oh!" moans Molly before she can stop herself. She turns her head to see what's going on. To her shock, she realises that the woman has brought her mouth right up into the parting of her bottom, and her tongue is lapping leisurely at her anus. "Ma'm.. Please.." she sighs, before her breath is caught in another gasp, when the woman stiffens the wet tip of her tongue and slowly nudges it inbetween the stricture of her opening, past the tightness of the sphincter and into the less resistant inner part. With that unexpected invasion, Molly's gasp turns back into a sigh.

The tongue tip thrusts and flicks at the girl's virginal sphincter, delving into it and tracing its way around the anal muscle.

The stimulation almost becomes too much for Molly, but she clenches her buttocks in vain; the woman's hands keep her cheeks firmly separated. A particularly deep thrust of the tongue sends a spark of pleasure from her anal passage up along her spine, then back down again until it fizzes into a small pop of ecstasy in her insides. "Ah.." the youngster moans, her fingers tensing in clenched fists.

The two minutes that pass are some of the longest in her hitherto-short life, but to her shamed surprise, they are far from the less pleasant ones. Her breathing has become slightly laboured, and her eyes occasionally glaze over when the woman's tongue laps at a particularly pleasant spot. "Oh my goodness.." she mutters quietly to herself.

The woman notices with contentment that the young girl has instinctively dipped her lower back somewhat, blatantly offering up her delectable rear. The girl's muted sighs and moans have not escaped her attention either. With a smile in her eye, the woman kneads the girl's bottom cheeks as she jabs her tongue further inward, touching the inner sphincter.

Molly's mouth opens with abject pleasure, sighing out a sweet prayer of abandon. Just then, the tongue departs from her anus, which has blossomed into a small pink opening.

The hands also let go of her buttocks, only for one of them to land a hard smack on her right cheek, which sends a tremble through the girl's entire body. "For a thief... you have good taste." says the woman, her breathing also noticeably more laboured.

A warm aura of pleasure glows from the young girl's bottom, until Molly hears the woman unfurl the leather whip, and terror abruptly regains the upper hand. "No, please.. No, no, no.." she stammers, squirming in her bonds.

She hears the woman laugh sweetly, then feels the tasselled tip of the whip tickle her bottom cheek. "Let's see what more treasure you've got on you." the woman says, uncorking a small bottle of oil with an audible pop. She lets a small amount drip onto her fingers and then sets it down on the ground.

Molly is relieved that the whip's tickle has disappeared for now, but still she braces herself when a hand pushes one of her buttocks to the side, exposing her sphincter once again. One, then two fingertips, slippery and warm, insinuate themselves against the small, flexing anal muscle. "Please.." sighs Molly, sounding more like a request than she'd like to admit.

The index and middle finger briefly struggle for first access, but it is eventually the middle that first opens up the girl's anus and begins slowly slipping inside. With a look of concentrated enjoyment, the woman eases her middle finger inch by inch through the outer sphincter, then the inner one, penetrating the girl's rectum for the first time.

"Oh God.." moans Molly, her body stiffening with trepidation.

Knuckle by knuckle, the finger slides deeper into her passage, sensuously stirring and massaging the walls of the 18-year-old's rectum. With her middle finger buried to the hilt in the young girl's bottom, the woman continues to twist and press it around the depths of her heated rectal canal. She sees Molly clench her knees into the horse's sides, obviously tense more with pleasure rather than discomfort.

The young girl's whimper when the woman's finger slowly begins inching back out of her anal passage is one of both desire and relief. The latter turns out to be short-lived. As soon as the girl's anus closes at the exit of the woman's middle finger, it immediately is joined by the tip of the index finger, and the sphincter is once again urged into opening up.

"Oh.. Oh good God.." Molly sighs breathlessly, feeling the two fingers slowly work their way up into her bottom. "Ahh.. God.. Ahhh..." she moans as her rectal walls clamp down reflexively on the fingers, only to be met with a delicious rippling massaging motion. As far as the ropes allow her, Molly rides her hips slowly to and fro across the horse's back, finally losing herself in the unsuspected erotic pleasure emanating from her rear.

Just when she feels she is about to hit a peak, the oily fingers begin to retreat again, pulling back halfway out of her sphincter with an obscene sucking sound. Molly subconsciously tilts her bottom up in an effort to urge the fingers back inside. The woman smiles with delight at the sight of the plump buttocks rising to capture more of her fingers, and she responds in due kind, twisting both fingers deeply back into the girl's rectum and continuing the perverse massage of her inner walls.

"Lord, yes.." sighs Molly, her eyes half closed, her lips parted with hapless lust. Her pumping heart attempts to keep rhythm with the fingers that work and squirm their way sensuously inside her rear end.

The woman's tongue is pressed up against her top lip as she focusses her efforts, pushing her fingers as deeply in the girl's anal canal as they can reach, exploring every millimetre of the sensitive rectal walls. Sometimes, she spreads them out in a scissoring motion to further excite the surrounding tissues, followed by the two joining together again in a steady pumping and twisting motion. This way, the woman's long slippery fingers excite the young girl's rectal channel with a delicious corkscrew effect.

A shudder runs through Molly's body, and the woman can see that she is close to reaching her climax. Skillfully, she relents her stimulating fingers and gradually slips them out of the girl's anus altogether. She is delightfully certain that she hears a whimper of disappointment. Either way, the light throbbing of the girl's anal sphincter has already told her enough.

Wetting her lips, she bends down to pick up the bottle of oil. Uncoiling the whip in her other hand, she lets a generous amount drip over the length of its leather surface.

Molly is thoroughly out of breath, yet she feels like she still ought to beg. Just when she thinks she can find the words, she can feel fingertips around her sphincter, carefully exposing it and opening it up. Then, a light brush and tickle of something very thin slipping through the pink muscle.

The woman meticulously slips the tip of the whip into young Molly's anal passage, the tassel pushing its way through the inner sphincter and into the rectum.

"Oooohh.." moans Molly, feeling the oiled leather whip pass inch by inch through her opening. Its thickness increases steadily, and the woman is showing no signs of stopping the strange intrusion.

Deep inside, the tasselled end is pushed to the end of her rectal chamber, and with the next push, it slips around the bend, snaking up into the girl's colon.

Molly's body trembles throughout, as the thickening leather cord keeps getting fed into her bottom. The part passing through her sphincter is already half an inch thick, and the woman watches with erotic fascination how the girl's anal opening progressively dilates.

"Please.. It's too much.." groans Molly, feeling the tip of the whip being pushed up into her intestine.

"Is it now?" the woman replies, beginning a slow thrust back and forth with two inches of the whip. This makes the girl moan as her sphincter throbs with pleasure. Then the woman continues sliding more of the leather cord up into her rectum, carefully adjusting it so that the far end smoothly goes around the bend and up her colon.

"Well done, honey." the woman tells her. "D'you know you've got a whole foot long of my whip up inside you now?"

She rotates the long leather whip slightly to the left and to the right, making young Molly gasp with the feeling of fullness in her sphincter and rectal passage.

Watching the girl squirm and struggle between shame and surrender reminds her of her own days as a young girl.