 "That's what we need to get for Jean's room," Becks said sotto-voiced to Tess, making sure that Jean wasn't close enough to overhear her remark.

"What? Where? What the hell are you talking about?" Tess asked in genuine confusion

"That," Becks' replied, pointing to an old, antique ballpark turnstile, the kind that counted entrants.

"Hmmmph," Tess remarked, "Poor old thing would probably fall apart from overuse," meaning it when saying it.

The First Annual Girls Night Soiree was a huge success beyond the three house-mates' wildest dreams. Yes, it took the three of them two long days of cleanup to return the house to acceptable condition, but they got it done.

All three gals heard nothing but compliments from many attendees throughout the following week. More than a few of the uninvited, having heard of the Soiree, begged to be invited to the next one, several stopping 'just short' of offering to prostitute themselves to the gals if it'd get them an invite.

So, yeah, it was a huge success.

Today, The Three Amigoes were at an outdoor flea market, mostly looking for eclectic 'junk' to fill various nooks and crannies that were bare or needed 'something' to make the house pop. It was Becks to decorate as she saw fit since her daddy-kins bought the house soon after the girls moved in as an investment, he said. Actually, his intent was to deed it to Becks upon her graduation so, yeah, she could do what she damned well pleased.

In reality, they were also killing time before their various evening plans. Becks had a team practice that night but also, a date. Well, sort of a date. Okay, more of a hotel sneak-fuck with the married lady that had caused Becks to flunk the Biology course that landed her in Jean's class. 

Yeah, that one. 

The married lady sought Becks out, again, after seeing her play in a Volleyball Tournament that she had attended with her husband, an alum of Becks' school. So, every few weeks or so, when the married lady got horny for Becks' exquisite pussy, she called, set up a meet at a hotel, and spent several hours as Becks' Bitch.

The married lady liked being Becks' Bitch.

Jean? Well, Jean's plan for that evening was very simple. She was attending a very private, inititation ceremony of one of the Sororities on campus. Her function at the secret ceremony? She was to perform cunnilingus on the initiates and, afterwards, she'd probably bounce from bedroom to bedroom for a few of the Sorority 'honchos' that were running the ceremony. If I'm lucky, Jean thought when first approached, I'll get my mouth on a half-dozen pussies that night. 

From Jean's point of view, it was a good thing.

Tess? Well, Tess was staying in that night. She was fixing dinner for Soo and a 'curious' friend of Soo's. After dinner? Well, there was nothing 'specific' planned but Soo was hoping to get her 'curious' friend into bed with her and Tess. Soo had even scored a small bit of weed to help get everyone 'in the mood', she said to Tess.

So that's why our intrepid trio were at the Flea Market, killing time, before their various evening plans started.

"You know we're going to have to talk to her eventually, don't you?" Becks asked Tess, referring, of course, to their house-mate, Jean.

"Yeah, yeah, I know and I feel like crap that we do," Tess replied.

Tess was feeling guilty, now, for having seduced Jean when they were dorm-mates last year. She felt guilty for turning Jean from a nice, midwestern 'girl next door' into a pussy eating machine that was getting quite the rep on campus for being 'easy' with other gals. A rep similar to the reps gals get who spread their legs for the football team, you know?, that kind of rep.

Truth is, Tess might have opened that door but it's on Jean that she chose to walk through and keep on truckin' down that road beyond the door. But that really didn't make Tess feel any better.

"Next week, sugar; we'll have a sit-down, get-down, serious session between the three of us, okay? We owe her that and I like her too much to ignore it, okay?"

"Okay, I know you're right but still......." Tess said in reply, her voice trailing off to silence.

"Oh, hey, there y'all are," Jean's voice called from behind Becks and Tess, "Y'all find anything we could use at the house?"

Looking to each other quickly, both thinking about the antique turnstile that Becks made the comment on, Tess answered for the both of them, saying, "Yeah, we did but decided it wouldn't hold up under use," causing both Becks and Tess to bite their tongue to keep from laughing.

"Aww, too bad. Well, who's hungry? I could use a burger or something," Jean replied, ready to go, obviously.

"Good idea, let's go eat," Becks agreed.

Walking out of the Market together, our three coeds were each thinking about their night ahead......

"It's unlocked," Becks heard in response to her soft knuckle-rap on the hotel room's door. Walking in, Becks closed the door behind her, locking it and placing the safety chain in place.

"Got anything to drink, bitch?" Becks asked her lover, well, her lover that night anyway.

"Yes, I do....here, sit here while I fix us a drink," Sondra said, standing and indicating that Becks should take a seat on the suite's divan.

"I got Blue Sapphire, just as you asked, and tonic and limes, I didn't forget those, either," Sondra said, hoping that those details would please Becks.

"Turn around, let me look at you," Becks said quietly.

Stopping the stirring of their drinks, Sondra brought a drink to Becks then stood back, almost at attention, doing as Becks asked her to do, hoping that Becks would be pleased in her choice of dress for the evening.

Tonight, Sondra, the forty-two year old married business executive, was dressed as a French Whore, complete with fishnet stockings, just as Becks asked her to do. Her skirt hugged her ass, her very toned, forty-two year-old ass in a most provacative way, the slit on the side of the skirt leaving little to the imagination. Her blouse was opened to the skirt waist, and shear, almost as if it were not there, her ample breasts begging to be touched under the shear material. 

Sondra took great pride in her body, in how well she looked for a woman of her age. Not that her husband appreciated it, no, Mr. Big Man had too many business irons in the fire to appreciate what was under his nose. If only, Sondra thought, then she probably wouldn't be here, in a hotel suite, about to be fucked by this young, black woman. This woman that Sondra couldn't get out of her mind after that night, so long ago, when she got drunk and had the best night of orgasms that she's had in forever.

Oh well, his loss, was her feeling on the matter.

"You like?" Sondra asked Becks as she did a model's turnaround, in place.

Oh yeah, Becks liked, Becks liked a lot. Smiling, Becks took in the sight and liked what she saw.

Tall, five foot ten; no more than one-thirty-five usually; legs that stretched forever from that gorgeous ass and a pair of suprisingly firm thirty-eight D-cups that absolutely drove Becks wild with lust. Couple all of that and add the honey-colored hair and big, pouty lips, well you just had to fuck that, was Becks' way of thinking.

Taking in the vision of Sondra, Becks slowly sipped her Gin and Tonic, giving Sondra permission to also drink with a slight head-nod towards the untouched drink sitting on the vestibue of the small suite.

Silently, Becks stood and taking Sondra by the hand, walked them into the bedroom, drinks in hand, lust in hearts......

Nice, Jean thought to herself, when led into the large, dimly-lit meeting room by one of the Sorority officers, the three initiates standing, blindfolded, with just a plain white toga as dress. Three, this time, Jean thought as she gazed at the three blindfolded girls; nice, she told herself, again. The last time she did this for the Sorority there was only one initiate.

"Remember, keep silent as they take their oaths," Jean was reminded by the 'Prez' as she liked to be referred to, voices low, in whisper.

"I know," Jean replied, feeling her horniness beginning to ramp up as she looked upon the unsuspecting freshman coeds, the soon-to-be pleasure that her mouth and tongue would experience.

"Don't forget," Prez whispered as she prepared to conduct the ceromonies, "After you're through with them, you need to satisfy me and my girls," referring to her two Veeps of the Sorority.

"Have I ever not?" Jean relied with a smile.....

"Son of a Bitch!" Tess howled to the empty house after forgetting to use the oven mitt to grip the handle of the skillet, to move it to a slower fire.

"Dumb cunt!" She derided herself as she ran cold water on the stinging burn, not a bad burn, more of a 'dumb-shit' burn that irritates.

Okay, she wasn't the handiest thing in a kitchen but what she did cook, she cooked well. In this case she was smothering some bits of pork in a green enchilada sauce, trying like hell to keep everything flowing right, to time everything just right.

She was cooking tonight for her newest conquest and a friend of said conquest. According to Soo, when the friend (Jan?) heard the story of Soo's adventures with Tess at the Bash, she got very horny, stating over and over how much she (Jan) wished she had been there.

"I damn sure would have found a way into some gal's bed," Jan said to Soo over coffee on the Monday after the party.

Jan went on to say that she's been curious for years about making out with another girl but never had the guts to act on it.

"Wouldn't take much for me to try it," Jan reiterated to Soo, dropping another hint. 

Ya' think?

So that's how Soo came up with the idea to bring Jan to meet Tess and, well, see where it would lead to.

"I mean, Jan's not bad looking at all, kinda' cute, actually," Soo said between licks of Tess' pussy that Monday night.

"So, a threesome is what you're saying?" Tess responded, ever the pundit of the obvious.

"Yeah,"...lick..."Could be fun"...slurp..."I'm game if you are,"...insert tongue into pussy and moan contentment.

"Set it up, baby," Tess gasped, grabbing Soo's head in her hands and pulling it tighter to her pussy which was about to erupt with a body-shaking orgasm.

Not bad looking, my ass!, Tess thought when introduced to Jan, when the girls arrived, a few minutes after burning her hand. She's a fucking doll, Tess thought further, her mind already fast-fowarding to being between Jan's legs with her mouth.

"Wanna' smoke or a beer?" Soo asked after she comfortably kissed Tess in greeting, a deep, tongue-probing kiss, a kiss designed by Soo to provide a bit of visual excitement for Jan.

"Beer. Let's save the smoke for later, after dinner, to help us all relax," Tess replied, her eyes hard on Jan when she said it.

Giving one of Tess' tits a slight pinch on the nipple through the tee-shirt material, Soo smilingly replied, "Works for me. Three beers coming up," opening the fridge to retrieve the ice-cold beers.......

They were, indeed, quite the vision of Black & White contrasts, in the soft, low hotel lighting of Sondra's suite. If one was able to view them from directly above Sondra's bed, they would present a picture of a 'curl', of an almost perfect human sixty-nine form.

Curled together with both of their heads buried between the opened legs of the other, Becks and Sondra made love to each other's pussy, both nosily and wetly, both eager for another climax, both determined to provide that to the other.

For Sondra, Becks was her first taste of 'black', literally and figuratively, and thinking of the adage that we've all heard, Sondra wasn't sure that she 'could ever go back'. No, she wasn't sure at all. She's been fucking other guys and gals, behind her husband's back for, what now? Five years? Couldn't remember, didn't care that she couldn't; she did care that this pussy, that Becks' tasty, sweet pussy was the first one that she could not stop thinking about since her first taste a few months ago. 

Becks' mind was buzzing with confusion as well, getting in the way, at times, of her focus of the taste of Sondra's cunt. She's fucked other white girls, and women before, that wasn't new, not new at all. What was new was the fact that she was fucking a married broad on the sly, on the downlow and damn if that just didn't provide her with thrills she never saw coming.

"Motherfucker....." Becks' groaned into Sondra's pussy as the first waves of orgasmic release began to wash over her, to start her body shaking with the quake of satisfaction, causing her to try to bury her face in her partner's very wet pussy.

"Mmmmmmmph, mmmmmmmphh," was all that Sondra could moan as her own climax grabbed her and began to shake her in a most delicious way. Knowing that her black lover was coming at the same time just made it that much better for her........

Jean sat back on her heels, her knees on the floor, waiting as the third, and last, initiate was led to the cushioned chair in front of Jean. The coed was still blindfolded, as were the other two before her, and like the other two before her, the coed was now naked, except for the blindfold. Like the two before her, the coed was sat down by her 'handlers', then her arms were strapped to the chair-arms in faux-fur lined restraints. Remembering what she had been told, like the two before her, the coed said nothing, asked no questions.

The two initiates before this one were gone from the room, whisked off by their handlers after receiving head from Jean. They, nor the coed seated before her, would ever know 'who' exactly it was that performed cunnilingus on them as part of their initiation ritual. No, only Jean, and the two handlers, this time the Prez and her first Veep, would know the identity of the mystery pussy eater.

Righting herself from her seated position on her heels, Jean leaned forward, sliding her hands, lightly, up the bare thighs of the coed who had a sharp intake of breath at the unexpected touch. Gently griping the thighs of the coed, Jean leaned forward and, one at a time, kissed, sucked, and licked the rather nice-sized breasts of the coed.

The initiates were forewarned about silence throughout whatever the last ritual was, but Jean could tell by the change in breathing whether or not what she was doing pleased them. It did. She knew this, and she enjoyed that as much as she enjoyed eating pussy.

Pulling her mouth from the coed's, now red and wet tit, Jean bit down slightly on the nipple before trailing her tongue down the coed's flat belly, stopping just above the coed's clit.

Standing off to the side, Prez and Veep, stood transfixed, their eyes absolutely glazed over with lust and want as they watched Jean do these things to their new members.

Circling the coed's clit with her tongue for just a bit, teasing, enjoying how the coed struggled to control her breathing, her excitement, Jean finally lowered her mouth, surrounding the coed's clit with it, her tongue now dancing all over it.

As she had done with the first two, Jean prolonged her release as much as possible. Not for their pleasure, oh hell no!, but for her own. Her eyes closed, Jean was off into her own little world as she always was when eating somebody's pussy. Feeling a bit of a squirm from the coed's hips, Jean knew that she was going to pop at any second, which only made Jean redouble her efforts to get the girl off.

She did; the coed got off, biting her lips as she struggled mightedly to maintain her silence when, all the while, the coed longed to be able to moan the satisfaction that washed over her in wave after wave.

Through with the coed, Jean sat back again on her heels as the handlers unstrapped her and the Veep led her off to wherever. After the door had closed and they were alone, the two of them, Prez helped Jean from her knees. Taking Jean into her arms, Prez kissed Jean hard, lustfully, sending her tongue diving into Jean's opened mouth while her hands filled themselves with Jeans' breasts and ass-cheeks, Prez's grunts and moans filling the dimly-lit room, the sounds echoing it seemed.

"Go to my room, wait for me, I'll only be a few mintues seeing to the girls," Prez said after breaking off the kiss, the words coming between gasps of hard breathing from the excitement that the Prez was feeling.

Jean knew the way to Prez's room, entering it, taking off her clothes and then climbing onto Prez's bed to wait..........

"Damnnnn, this is good shit," Tess said as the last of her 'hit' leaked from the corners of her mouth, passing the joint to Jan who was seated between Tess and Soo.

Dinner was good, cleanup was quick, and the three gals were in the living room on one of the sofas, sharing the joint that Soo had brought to the 'party'.

Jan and Soo agreed with Tess, each exclaiming the joint's virtue at one point or another. When the last bit of roach found it's way to Tess, she turned to Jan, saying, "Face me, I'll give you a shotgun," positioning herself to do so. Taking a huge hit, then swallowing the roach, Tess pulled Jan's face to her own, placing her lips over Jan's and blowing the herbal smoke into Jan's mouth.

And, as had been her plan all along, Tess evolved the shotgun into a kiss, soft at first, ramping quickly to open-mouthed Frenching by them both. Sliding closer to Jan's back, Soo began kissing the back of Jan's neck while her hand reached around and fondled Jan's nice-sized tits which caused Jan's muffled moans of contentment to ease from her mouth which was still covered by Tess' own.

Breaking off the kiss with Jan, Tess locked eyes with Jan as Soo continued with her kisses to the nape of Jan's neck, her hands, both of them now, fondling and feeling Jan's breasts as she did so.

"Wanna' go upstairs with me and Soo?" Tess asked softly of Jan, knowing that the answer would be yes.

Nodding her head, Jan stood when Tess did, and with Soo following, the three coeds walked up the stairs to Tess' room, Tess closing and locking the door behind them.

Tess and Soo surrounded Jan, both kissing, touching, feeling Jan up as they took off first, her clothes, then, their own. Leading Jan by her hands, Tess and Soo placed her on Tess' bed, between them.

There was no script for what happened next unless you count that both Tess and Soo, and yes, Jan too, wanted to make love to her, with her, with each other.

As Soo kissed and sucked on Jan's tits, Tess licked her way down Jan's body until she was between Jan's legs, softly kissing and sucking on Jan's dripping wet pussy, Sliding her tongue in and out, Tess was loving the sweet taste of Jan's pussy, her eyes taking in the sight of Soo's suckling of Jan's breasts. For her part, Jan had her head thrown back in unbridled pleasure and excitement, her eyes closed, her body tingling with electricity, it seemed, from what Tess and Soo were doing to her.

Moving so that she could munch on Tess while Tess ate Jan, Soo had her head deeply buried between Tess' legs after she had positioned Tess so that she could do so. 

And in a move nobody expected, Soo felt Jan positioning herself so that she could, for the first time in her life, taste another woman's pussy. They hadn't thought of or planned a daisy-chain, but yet, here they were, in one, everybody getting their pussies' eaten and everybody eating pussy..........

"When can I see you again," Sondra asked as Becks took her time in getting dressed.

Sondra was still on the bed, naked, her white skin showing redness where Becks had bit her, softly, not painfully, her shaved pussy still glistening with the wetness that Becks' mouth had produced. 

"I don't know," Becks answered as she looked at Sondra, liking the lust that was still in Sondra's eyes as she swept them over Becks' body, "Call me in a couple of weeks and we'll talk."

"Couple of weeks?" Sondra repeated, "Not any sooner than that?"
