 In Chapter 1, Betty had a steamy session at work with her colleague, Phil.

Betty phoned me at home about ten on the Saturday morning after our encounter in the office. We hadn't been alone together at work since that night, so a private conversation was out of the question.

"Hi," she said "are you free to talk."

"Yes, Sue's here but she knows everything," I replied.

"OK, well I can't stop thinking about the other night. My ex has the kids this weekend so I am free. Do you have plans or would it be possible to meet up."

I relayed the gist of the conversation to Sue, who smiled and gave me a lustful look. "We don't have plans, so come over in an hour or so if that suits. The three of us can have a nice friendly chat and see where that leads us," I told Betty.

"OK, see you then," she replied.

Just under an hour later the doorbell rang. Sue went to answer it dressed in a pair of tight jeans which showed off her firm arse, with a white top displaying plenty of cleavage. Her nipples were clearly visible through the fabric.

"Hi, you must be Betty," she said, giving her a warm hug, "it's lovely to meet you." 

"Likewise," said Betty, kissing Sue on the lips, before hugging and kissing me.

We went into the lounge and sat down, Betty and Sue on the sofa. Betty was wearing a loose fitting red dress and black nylons. From the way her breasts hung under the dress, it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra.

Betty spoke up, "About the other night. We haven't had a talk at work with Gill always hovering about, but I really need to say thank you for a wonderful time and whatever happens in future it will remain a lovely memory."

"Thank you," I said, "but what would you like to happen in future?"

"It's what you said about Sue liking women. I've never thought of myself as that way before, but..."

"You're not obliged to do anything for me to make up for the other night," said Sue.

"No it's not that," said Betty, "I just can't stop fantasizing about what it would be like. The more I think about it, the more I get turned on. I've been thinking about it on the way over and this is the result!"

She lifted up her dress to reveal that the slit of her pussy was glistening with moisture. She ran her hand between her thighs and brought it up to show her fingers coated with her sticky juices. Sue leaned over to Betty, took her hand and proceeded to suck the juice from her fingers while the two women gazed lovingly into one another's eyes.

Without breaking eye contact, Sue slowly lowered her head between Betty's thighs and ran her tongue slowly up the full length of her slit, pausing after each stroke to look lovingly at Betty while savouring the moment. Betty moaned with pleasure at the slow gentle licking, pulling her dress off over her head and fondling the erect nipples of her large breasts.

Sue carried on with this slow stimulation for a good twenty minutes, with Betty occasionally glancing over to me, smiling and blowing kisses. Although the sight of these two beautiful women enjoying each other's bodies was causing my cock to stiffen, I was for now content to watch and leave them to pleasure one another.

Eventually, I could hear Betty's breathing get heavier as Sue's tongue continued to work it's special brand of magic. Her whole body began to writhe as her orgasm started to build.

"Oh yes...yes...yes!" she exclaimed as her body shuddered and juices gushed from her pussy to coat Sue's mouth and face. Sue held her position for a while, lapping up every last drop of the sticky fluid, before moving up Betty's body and kissing her on the lips. Betty eagerly sucked and licked her own juices from Sue's mouth and face as she basked in the afterglow of her orgasm.

"That was out of this world!" gasped Betty, finally recovering the power of speech. "Please let me do the same to you. I want to taste your sweet pussy so so much."

"My pleasure," said Sue, quickly stripping off and moving around to straddle the other woman's face. She lowered herself onto Betty's willing tongue. As Betty began to explore Sue's pussy with her tongue, Sue manoeuvred into the '69' position and used her mouth and fingers on Betty's dripping wet hole. The two women greedily licked, sucked and fingered one another, becoming increasingly aroused. 

As they continued to pleasure one another, Sue used her to part the cheeks of Betty's area and ran her index finger around the rim of her rosebud. Betty murmured her appreciation and adjusted her position in order to access Sue's arsehole with her tongue, using her fingers to play with her pussy. Sue took this as her cue to push the tip of her finger into Betty's arsehole and the two women continued to stimulate each other both anally and vaginally as they built towards a climax. 

The feeling of Betty's tongue pushing into her arsehole while having her clit massaged by fingers sent Sue over the top and as the orgasm coursed through her body she covered Betty's face with juice. Tasting her lover's sweet juices triggered Betty's orgasm and her body covulsed as she came for the second time that morning. The two of them lay together for a while, each tasting the other's juices.

Eventually, they both sat up next to one another on the sofa and motioned me to join them. We hugged and kissed then Betty spoke.

"God that was sensational, I'm sorry we left you out, I'll make it up to you before I leave," she said giving me a hug and kiss.

"I hope so!" I said, "I just felt that your first lesbian experience should be just that without any male interference."

"Thanks for being so considerate,"said Betty, "It was so lovely getting to know Sue on a one to one basis. "

"So how long are you free to stay," said Sue.

"My ex has the kids until four tomorrow," she said, "so I'm free to stay as unless you have plans."

"Great," said Sue, "Let's go up to bed, give Phil the attention he's been missing and take things from there."

To be continued...