 I'm Betty. I'm twenty-seven years old, a college graduate, a paralegal by trade, and a would-be artist and recently divorced. That's about as much of my personal history that you need to know for the purposes of this story. As to what I look like, I'm five feet six; I have dirty blond hair and brown eyes. I have a decent figure. I'm not huge breasted or beautiful, although most do tell me I am attractive, at least they say that if they want to fuck me. If a man wants to fuck me bad enough, he'll probably tell me I'm beautiful and have haunting dark eyes. If he wants a blowjob he will likely say that I have a sensuous mouth. Of course, most people don't say those things at all unless they are after sex. Friends usually tell me that I'm pretty and have a warm, happy face, but I think some of my friends want to fuck me.

I had a visit last Saturday morning from a friend of mine named Laura. We've known each other for years, since we were freshmen in college in fact, and she comes over to visit or asks me out about once a month. Laura always struck me as being a little unusual, but in a way that is hard to express. She's pretty. She has light brown hair of a color that is often unflatteringly referred to as dishwater blond, in other words a little lighter than my hair at least in the highlights. She has lovely blue eyes and she is an inch or two taller than I am. Her breasts are a little smaller than mine, and she hides the rest of her figure behind loose clothing, or if she is wearing a dress, it is long and loose and comes down to her ankles. She is a librarian by profession and says she loves her job.

Anyway, she came over and we were sipping coffee while I was telling her about this book of illustrations that I was about to have published -- my first publishing of anything actually. She had been gazing at me thoughtfully while I told her about it and finally she said, "Well, I think you deserve it, Betty, I've seen your drawings for years, and I think they're wonderful."

"Really?" I was extremely pleased, "You never said before." 

She crossed her legs -- she was wearing an ankle length print dress today with flats, took another sip of her coffee and set down the cup on the end table beside her at the end of the couch. I was sitting across from her in an armchair. "Oh, I've always thought your drawings are beautiful, very sexy, in fact. I try not to look at them too often because they make me horny. Damn! I'm so horny today, too." She shook her head at what I thought was almost a non sequitur. Perhaps she did too.

I mainly drew fantasy art; muscular men and women wearing scantily clad costumes, or no costumes, that sort of thing, so I could see how she might find them sexy. After all I worked pretty hard to make them look sexy, just as I worked hard to make my monsters seem scary. Although I wasn't sure how, I felt the need to respond to her remark about horniness. "Well I certainly know where you are coming from. It's been six months since my divorce. I guess it's time I started to date or something."

Fortunately, Laura was still on track with my art, "Not the men especially," clarified Laura, still giving me that thoughtful look, "But your women are amazing. I mean, in most fantasy art the women have huge boobs, and yours rarely do, and even though they are muscular, they don't look, you know, mannish."

"And looking at them makes you horny?"

Laura shrugged, "Yeah, they sure do! And no, as far as I know, I'm not gay. I've only slept with a few men, but it's only been men. For some reason, looking at women I consider attractive turns me on as much as looking at men that seem attractive. In fact, I think sexy women are more of a turn on. What about you?"

I was a little surprised to realize I'd never really thought of it that way, but... "Um, actually, I guess my pictures of women turn me on a little, too. After all, why else would I draw them that way?" I noticed Laura re-crossing her legs. She was practically fidgeting and she kept wriggling her ass like she couldn't get comfortable. 

She noticed me noticing her, "Sorry," she said, "I get so horny sometime that I just can't sit still. Would you mind terribly if I masturbated? As horny as I am, it will only take a few minutes."

Never has a woman asked me that! I tried not to look as shocked as I felt. After all, the artist side of me wants to cultivate an image of being cosmopolitan and world-wise. "No, please go ahead. You can use my bathroom or even my bedroom if you like."

"You're so sweet, Betty, but I mean I want to do it here and now, on the couch, in front of you. Don't worry, you don't have to see anything." Whereupon, she spread her legs slightly and began rubbing and squeezing her crotch right through her dress. "So, you were saying that you found your women to be attractive, too? Is it women with nicely muscled legs that you find sexy?"

For a moment, I couldn't answer. I mean, there was a woman masturbating in front of me like it was something that happened all the time. I'm not like that. Other women I know weren't like that. In fact, I don't think I have heard a woman admit she masturbated, much less ask to masturbate in front of me -- not that Laura had waited for my permission, and from the way she was looking at me so intently, it was clear that my watching her was an important part of her masturbation. I finally found myself just staring at the hand that was rubbing her crotch.

Laura cleared her throat and repeated, "Is it women with nicely muscled legs that you find sexy?"

Evidently Laura felt comfortable about what she was doing and intended to just continue the conversation. I felt pretty shocked and uncomfortable about it, but I was determined to pretend not to notice. "Yes, that's a lot of it, although there is a lot to find beautiful about the female form like in the shape of the breasts as opposed to their size, and in the hips and waist... So you don't find muscular men to be attractive?" I tried really hard not to look directly at where her hand was rubbing, but I couldn't help but glance now and then, and since Laura seemed to be watching me intently, I know she noticed.

"Not really, at least not as much. In real life muscular men are usually too vain for my tastes, and sometimes they're gay." She was starting to sound a little breathless. "Did you know that I have legs a lot like your women?" Before I could answer she used her free hand to raise her skirt, all the way up to mid thigh. I was stunned, not just by her actions, but by her legs. They were shapely, beautiful, and rippling with musculature.

"Goodness!" I almost stammered, "I never had any idea you were hiding a body like that under your clothes! Why, they're just gorgeous, Laura." Her calves flattened against the couch as her muscles bunched making her calves look very wide, her breathing was practically panting now, and her face was turning pink, then red. Her blue eyes were still locked on mine and her mouth was parted. She licked her lips. Looking into her face as she began her orgasm, I felt as if I was participating in an incredibly lewd and lascivious act. My nipples were tingling and I had butterflies in my pussy making it twitch in sympathy with Laura's naked lust as her mouth opened wider, her eyes still burning into mine.

"Oh!" she coughed, and then shivered. "Yes!" Her breathing deepened and she leaned back against the couch, taking her hand out of her lap, her skirt still carelessly pulled up to mid thigh. As she relaxed her legs spread a little more, but she still wasn't showing me anything, and dammit I needed to stop looking, but her legs were so perfect, so sexy! I had never really noticed before, but Laura's skin had a natural olive tone, almost like a tan that went everywhere. Obviously some Mediterranean blood that mixed strangely with her blond streaked light brown hair and blue eyes. I noticed the same color on her arms and neck. God! Her orgasm had been a sexy thing to watch!

She gave me a lazy smile as the color of her face slowly returned to normal. "Thanks so much, Betty. Doing that in front of you made it so much more intense. I love the way you looked at me, the way you're still looking at my legs. Maybe you'd like to draw me sometime?"

I felt a little faint, "Uh, yes. Yes, that would be great, Laura. You would make a great model." I sounded stupid and knew it and couldn't stop looking at those beautiful legs. "Maybe you could wear shorts, or a swim suit, or something."

Laura chuckled, "I don't have either, so I guess I would have to pose nude. You'd like to have me pose nude, wouldn't you, Betty?" 

Of course I had painted from live nude models before in art courses, but it had never turned me on, at least not like this. I admit that nude women were attractive to look at, but... So I found it difficult to state the obvious truth, "Yes, nude would be great, Laura."

Her breathing was nearly back to normal, but her intense blue eyes were still pinning me to my armchair like a butterfly on Styrofoam. "Have you ever had sex with another woman, Betty?"

"No, I mean, not really. Have you?" I swallowed. I'd never given sex with women much thought, but with those legs, if Laura made a pass at me, well, I was sure thinking about it now. After all, I was very horny myself after her slutty but extremely erotic display. "That's right, you already told me that you haven't had sex with women."

"No, I never have," said Laura, still smiling, "But I've thought about it a lot. You said not really, that means you have some experience perhaps?"

I could have lied, but I have this tendency to tell the truth. It is partly a desire to be honest, but I sometimes think it is laziness or perhaps even the inability to make up a good lie. In fact, when I had answered, I had completely forgotten about my 'experience' with a woman. "Oh, I was at a party and had a few too many drinks. I went outside to get a breath of fresh air -- clear my head a bit. This woman was out there smoking a cigarette and we talked a few minutes then she kissed me, and just kept kissing me."

"Did you enjoy her kissing?" asked Laura almost eagerly, "Did anything else happen?"

"Well yes, I thought she was a very sexy kisser. And her kisses were soft, pretty arousing, really," I could feel myself blushing, but I made myself tell the truth, "She tasted like cigarette smoke, but it was sexy somehow. Honestly, I don't think I have thought of it much since, but I enjoyed kissing her very much."

"What did she look like?" asked Laura.

I shrugged, wondering at Laura's curiosity, "She had reddish-brown hair, just a little taller than me, and green eyes. Um, let's see," I was trying to be thorough, "She had bigger breasts than mine, a really nice body, and long legs." I squirmed a bit, "She was beautiful, okay. But it wasn't that, I mean, it was her kisses that made me go all gooey." 

"And did anything else happen?" persisted Laura.

I sighed, and continued reluctantly, "She touched my breasts a while and then she put her hand under my dress. I let her touch me, you know," I had to take a breath, "between the legs. Then I made her stop, and I went inside."

Laura leaned forward, her lips slightly parted, "How long did you let her touch you between the legs."

"Several minutes," I admitted in a small voice, "Maybe five or six or seven. Maybe eight or nine. I'm not really sure. I think I was out of control at the time."

"Was her hand inside your panties?" Laura asked softly, her blue eyes focused intently on mine. Her lips were open again.

"Yes," I whispered. I so didn't want to talk about this...

"Did you come?"

I didn't answer but I nodded. I thought I could see sexual hunger in Laura's eyes, now, or maybe I was projecting. I was very aroused, thinking about that night that I had all but blocked from my memory, and I had already been disturbingly turned on from Laura's shocking display of masturbation. I looked down at Laura's shapely legs. I was very aroused and getting so hot it was starting to make me breathe a little harder.

"Then what do you mean that you stopped her?" asked Laura with a grin. She spread her legs enough to let me see a little more thigh. "Sounds to me like you went all the way. Did you touch her?" Laura eased her right hand under dress, using her left hand to hold her dress down over her groin area. She was showing most of her curvy legs now and was obviously masturbating again. I could see her hand moving under the dress. I felt the urge to touch myself but resisted.

"I touched her some, but just outside her clothes." I was really reliving the memory now; the taste of the woman's kisses, the firmness of her breasts, and oh wonders! I could remember how her hand felt exploring inside my panties.

Laura swallowed and squeezed her eyes shut for a brief moment, then continued her inquisition a little more hoarsely, "Where on her body did you touch her?"

"I felt her breasts, ran my hands over her back -- that sort of thing." I took a sip of coffee to moisten my throat, then murmured, "And I felt up her bottom pretty thoroughly while we were kissing. She felt really nice and firm, in all those places." Was I just being honest or deliberately fueling Laura's masturbation? I was so aroused that I wasn't sure and I was in immanent danger of not caring. "Actually, Laura, she felt good, really good. I enjoyed touching her." I glared back at Laura as if daring her to make something out of that. I was obviously loosing my mind.

"And you say you stopped her. What was she doing that you had to stop her?" Laura licked her lips and gave a grunt so tiny I almost didn't hear it.

I tore my eyes from Laura's crotch again, and found her blue eyes still locked on mine, "She held me in her arms while I was coming, but then she got down on her knees in front of me and started raising my dress," I swallowed and took a breath, "That's when I stopped her. That is, I stopped her after she kissed my panties once or twice."

"Why? And exactly how many kisses were there on your panties?"

"Two or three," I sighed, blushing, but I might as well admit it all, "But they were long kisses, very hot kisses, and I knew she was about to take my panties off, or pull them aside. So, I had to stop her!"

"But that must have felt wonderful, Betty. Why did you feel like you had to stop her?"

"Because just a few seconds later, I wouldn't have had the will power," I snapped, "Because we were at a party and anyone could come out any moment," I shrugged, a little irritated at Laura as if she was being obtuse instead of inquisitive. "Besides I was married, and my husband was just inside. What would it have been like to have him walk outside and find me with my legs spread and woman's head under my dress?" I felt a little angry at all her questions, although I sure didn't have to answer them, yet I had, and I had done it knowing it was making Laura hotter.

"Well, say you weren't under those restrictions, do you think you would have let her?" Laura leaned back with her hand working more energetically under her dress. "Well?" she prompted. She used her left hand to pull her dress up to her waist, revealing her pussy. She had dark brown pubic hair that looked very soft and fine, and a pink slit that was only partially covered by her right hand rubbing little circles around her clit. I could clearly see the pink-walled well of her vagina. Inside her pussy she was glistening with moisture. It looked very wet.

I had to shake my head to remember her question, "Oh, that. How would I know? Maybe I would have let her do anything she wanted or maybe I wouldn't. Laura you are showing me your genitals." It seemed like a spectacularly inane thing to say, but I said it. 

"Yes," she replied casually with that lazy smile, "I've wanted to show you my pussy for a long time. What are you thinking when you look at it." Laura's blue eyes were still staring into mine. Her cheeks had a rosy blush and her lips were slightly parted. She licked her lips and I thought she would orgasm again very soon.

"I'm mostly in shock, if you must know," then I shrugged, "But I think it's very pretty." Then I realized more fully what she'd said -- my thoughts were lagging for some reason. "Why have you wanted to show me that for years?" Why did I even ask? I knew the answer. And why oh why had I just told another woman that I thought her genitals were very pretty?

"Because I've always been attracted to you, Betty, and I've always wanted to see yours. Do you think you might show me yours sometime?"

I took a deep breath to get control of myself, tore my gaze away from her pussy, even though it really did seem lovely to me, and instead looked her in the eyes, "Laura, I had all but blocked that memory of that party from my mind. I don't think I have a gay bone in my body, and while you are doing a pretty first rate job of seduction," I couldn't help but give another glance at her hand rubbing her clit, "I don't really want to get into the sex thing with another woman."

"Ok," panted Laura, "But would you show me your pussy, please? I'd really love to see it."

It was easily doable, I mean, I was wearing a fairly short skirt, and I could slip my panties off and spread my legs for her, but it seemed like giving in to something. It would make what she was doing more mutual. Laura was having sex right now, and at my expense in some way or another, but if I played along, I felt like WE would be having sex. So I refused. "Laura, really! I'd rather not."

"That's fine," said Laura with a tight smile, "but I think you are really aroused from watching me, and I think you are very turned on from looking at my pussy, so it would really be a kindness to show me yours, too. Aren't you very aroused right now, Betty?"

Sometimes trying to be an honest person can be really difficult, "Well, yes. All right. You win." Even though I didn't want to be a participant, I wanted much less to get further into a discussion about how aroused I was from watching her, so I gave in. I stood up to strip my panties down, sat back down and spread my legs for her.

"Wider please," Laura was practically moaning. I could feel myself blushing already, but I obeyed and spread myself so she could get a good look at my brown haired bush, and from the cool air hitting my slit, I knew she could see inside me, at least somewhat. I used my hands to spread my lower lips a little more for her. I told myself that the sooner she came, the sooner this would stop. I tried hard not to admit that the lust Laura exhibited as she gazed inside my pussy wasn't affecting me as well, but it was. Oh, it was!

"Oh, oh," moaned Laura, "So lovely..." Laura was turning red again and obviously having another orgasm. She closed her eyes and groaned then grunted hard several times. "Huh, uh, Uh!" I was so turned on, it was very difficult to keep my hands off myself, so I busied myself pulling my panties back on and smoothing my dress. I knew I was still blushing when Laura opened her eyes and smiled at me. She dropped her own skirt back down around her ankles and said, "I really want to thank you for an intense sexual experience, Betty. I hope it didn't embarrass you too much."

"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't embarrassed," I suddenly felt very shy, "but I would also be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy it some. I don't know why, but that was very sexy, Laura. And frankly, you have just fantastic legs."

"Do you think we could do that again sometimes?" asked Laura, leaning forward slightly, her lips slightly parted, "That was probably the best sex I ever had!"

I shivered, "I don't think so. I mean it leaves me in kind of an awkward position..."

"How about next time I'm completely nude, and you can sketch me while I do myself." Laura gave me a seductive smile, "If you liked my legs, I think you'll like my body. I work out, you know..."
