 Kaitlyn had just finished her salad and placed the empty bowl in the sink when the doorbell rang. She wiped her hands on a towel and motioned for her friend to come inside. 

"Am I too early?" Stacy asked.

"Not at all," Kaitlyn said. "So, what did you bring?"

Stacy handed the two packages she was holding to Kaitlyn as she moved past her in the foyer. Over her shoulder she called, "Microwave popcorn and wine, what else?"

Kaitlyn laughed. "I hope you like the movie I picked out. I've heard it's good." 

"It doesn't matter," Stacy said. "Just spending an evening with my best friend is good enough for me." 

Stacy and Kaitlyn had met as neighbors a little more than a year ago and had quickly become friends. It was a bonus that their husbands were friends as well.

"You're sweet," Kaitlyn said. "I'll get some glasses for the wine. Make yourself at home."

Stacy settled into the large leather recliner in the living room. "Hey, when are the guys supposed to be back?" 

"Brian told me Sunday."

Stacy huffed. "Kevin didn't tell me anything. He was so anxious to get to the lake so he could fish, drink beer, fart, scratch his crotch, and all the other things overgrown boys like to do when they are away from home he didn't even bother to give me a peck on the cheek." 

Kaitlyn laughed again. "Yeah, I know what you mean. But they are good guys."

"They are," Stacy agreed. "I wouldn't trade mine for anything." 

Kaitlyn handed Stacy a glass of wine and sat down across from her on the couch. "You have a birthday coming up."

"Don't remind me," Stacy said. "I cannot believe I will be twenty-nine in just two weeks." 

"Oh, I feel real sorry for you," Kaitlyn teased. "Remember the sympathy cards I got from you last year on my thirtieth?" 

Stacy chuckled at the memory. "So, I can expect payback, then?"

"Absolutely" Kaitlyn said. 

They spent the next thirty minutes chatting about work, their husbands, and a planned shopping trip in St. Louis they had coming up in the next couple weeks. 

"Ready for some more wine and the movie?" Kaitlyn said. 

"Sure" Stacy said. "I'll get the wine while you load the movie." 

Stacy returned with two full glasses and handed one to Kaitlyn before sitting down next to her on the couch. She placed the remainder of the bottle on the coffee table in front of her. 

Kaitlyn got up and dimmed the lights and returned to the couch. 

As the opening credits began to roll, Kaitlyn said, "It's called Trust Me."

"What made you pick this one?" Stacy asked.

"I heard a couple of people at work say it was good."

The movie turned out to be a stereotypical plot involving a young woman married to a wealthy older man and her attempt to get rid of him and inherit his money. 

By the midway point of the movie Kaitlyn and Stacy had finished a second bottle of wine.

"That is one determined chick," Stacy said, pointing to the screen. 

"No doubt," Kaitlyn said. 

On screen, the young woman was moving quickly through a hotel lobby and into the elevator. She got off on the tenth floor and tapped lightly on one of the room doors. She was meeting with the woman who was going to assist her in the "accidental" death of her husband. As soon as the door closed the two women embraced, kissing passionately. The camera moved lower as they caressed each others breasts and moved toward the bed. The movie had an "R" rating, therefore, no explicit sex was portrayed other than a brief baring of breasts, but there was little doubt what was taking place as the young woman moved downward under the sheet. The camera panned back to the face of the other woman as her moans of pleasure built until she eventually thrust her head back and cried out in ecstasy. 

Both Kaitlyn and Stacy stared at the screen, saying nothing. 

As soon as the scene ended, Stacy said, "Well, I think I need a quick potty break." 

Kaitlyn said, "Okay, I'll pause the movie." Kaitlyn reached for the remote as Stacy stood up and walked down the hallway toward the bathroom. 

Once inside the bathroom, Stacy unsnapped her jeans and pulled them down along with her panties and sat down on the commode. As she began to urinate she pulled up her panties to check the crotch, wondering if she might find a wet spot because she had felt herself getting surprisingly moist from the scene in the movie. 

Kaitlyn, too, while she waited for Stacy, thought about the tingle she had felt during the scene in the movie. She thought it must be a combination of the wine and the fact that because of their busy schedules she and Brian had made love only once during the past two weeks. 

Stacy returned and sat back down beside her on the couch. 

Kaitlyn reached for the remote to continue the movie but Stacy asked her to wait.

"Can I ask you something personal and you won't think I'm crazy?" Stacy said. 

"You know you can ask me anything, Stacy. What is it?"

Stacy glanced at her briefly and then lowered her eyes. "Well, okay, here goes. Have you ever thought about what it would be like to be another woman?" 

Kaitlyn blushed slightly and shrugged her shoulders. "Sure, I guess. I think most women have at some time in their life whether they would admit it or not." 

"I've thought about it," Stacy said. "You know, out of curiosity, but I've never done it." 

"Same here," Kaitlyn said. 

There was an awkward moment of silence before Stacy said, "Would you like to try it, Kaitlyn, you know, maybe just a kiss to satisfy our curiosity? You don't have to if you don't want to, that's okay." 

Kaitlyn looked at her friend. She certainly admired Stacy's beauty with her shoulder length blond hair, blue eyes, and trim figure. Likewise, Stacy felt Kaitlyn exuded sexuality with her auburn hair, green eyes, and naturally smooth skin.

Stacy shifted nervously. "If you want to forget about it . . ."

"No, no" Kaitlyn said, quickly. "I guess we could try a kiss just for fun. I see no harm in it. After all, who better to kiss than my best friend?" 

There was a brief moment of hesitation before they both leaned slightly toward each other. Stacy then moved closer until their lips lightly touched. 

"That wasn't so bad, was it? Stacy said. Kaitlyn pulled away and they looked at each other and smiled. "No, it wasn't." Kaitlyn replied.

Without a word they both moved forward again, this time pressing their lips tightly together. Stacy felt Kaitlyn's mouth open briefly and she let her tongue slide forward softly brushing against hers. 

They pulled away again. Kaitlyn saw something in Stacy's eyes she had never seen before. 

"Do you want us to stop now?" Stacy asked, because if we are going to, I need to do it now." 

"I . . . I . . . don't want to stop," Kaitlyn said. 

"I don't either," Stacy said, as she reached for Kaitlyn. 

This time their lips met eagerly in a hungry passion. Kaitlyn allowed Stacy's tongue to explore her mouth. She felt the tingle she had felt earlier watching the movie, but this time more pronounced. 

Stacy slowly lowered her hand to Kaitlyn's right breast and massaged her gently through her blouse. Kaitlyn released an involuntary moan at her touch. 

"Lie back," Stacy said, as she moved to make room for Kaitlyn to lie down. She reached for the buttons on Kaitlyn's blouse and undid them one by one. Her blouse fell open revealing a white lace bra barely concealing her now erect nipples. 

"Oh, Stacy," Kaitlyn breathed, as Stacy lowered her mouth to one breast and then the other, kissing softly. 

Stacy, now fully aware of the wetness between her legs massaged Kaitlyn's breasts as she continued kissing each one. "You are so beautiful," Stacy whispered.

"Let me take this off," Kaitlyn said, as she reached between her breasts and unclasped her bra. As it fell away, Stacy gasped at the full roundness of her friend's breasts and her large inviting nipples. She glanced up to look at her friend whose beautiful auburn hair was now splayed across the couch pillow and her green eyes full of lust.

"I want you to suck them," Kaitlyn moaned, as she cupped her hands under each breast and offered them. Stacy licked, kissed, and sucked each breast in turn as Kaitlyn's nipples grew even larger and firmer. 

As she continued sucking Kaitlyn's breasts, she moved her hand slowly down to the inside of Kaitlyn's thigh and began caressing her. Kaitlyn momentarily flinched in surprise but then opened her legs to allow Stacy better access. 

Kaitylyn sighed and reached down to guide her friend's hand from her thigh to the front of her shorts. There she put her hand on top of Stacy's and moved it in slow circular motions against her crotch.

Stacy sat up and unbuttoned the front of Kaitlyn's shorts. Kaitlyn raised her hips to allow them to slide off. Stacy tossed the shorts on the floor and again moved her hand to Kaitlyn's crotch. The thin white lace panties Kaitlyn was wearing were soaked.  

Stacy stood and pulled her t-shirt over her head and quickly unsnapped her pink bra and let it fall to the floor. She was smaller than Kaitlyn but had larger areolas. 

"Come here," Kaitlyn said, as she reached for Stacy. Stacy moved forward and leaned down over Kaitlyn's mouth allowing her access to both breasts. The experience of watching and feeling her best friend sucking and licking her nipples was almost enough in itself to bring her to the edge of orgasm. 

As Kaitlyn continued sucking her nipples, Stacy reached down and unsnapped and unzipped her jeans. She pulled away only long enough to slide them off and toss them to the side. Clad only in her panties, Stacy stood before Kaitlyn allowing her to take in the sight of her body. 

Without a word, Kaitlyn reached up and slid Stacy's panties down revealing a neatly trimmed patch of light brown hair. She then pulled Stacy forward until her face was only inches from her crotch. The musky scent of her friend's wet and swollen pussy ignited something deep and primal within her. She opened Stacy's legs and moved closer. 

"Please lick me, baby, you're making me so hot," Stacy pleaded. Kaitlyn moved her face against Stacy's labial lips and slowly began to run her tongue up and down savoring the taste. 

"Oh yes," Stacy moaned, as she began moving her hips in rhythm with Kaitlyn's tongue. 

Kaitlyn pulled away and reclined back on the couch. She reached for Stacy and helped her into a straddled position just above her face. Stacy then lowered herself down on her friend's mouth and closed her eyes and began to move again. The feeling was incredible. Stacy used her fingers to open her lips giving Kaitlyn a clear view of her swollen clit. Kaitlyn began to lick her most sensitive area in a slow circular motion.

Stacy lost all thought of anything except the arousal she felt building in her. Her friend's tongue was warm, wet, and just the right firmness against her clit to drive her wild. As much as she loved Kevin and enjoyed when he licked her, it was nothing compared to this. 

"Yessss, you know how to do it . . . just like that . . . yessss," Stacy gasped. 

Kaitlyn slid her hand inside her panties to her own wet pussy and was rubbing herself. She continued alternately sucking and licking Stacy's clit until her friend lost all inhibition.

"Eat me . . . yes . . . eat my pussy!" she panted, while rocking faster now on her friend's mouth. She felt her orgasm approaching like a ship cresting a huge wave. 

"Oh, oh, oh . . . I'm going to cum so hard . . . 

don't stop baby . . . so close . . ."

Kaitlyn's orgasm came first, locking her legs together and humping while keeping her finger pressed firmly against her clit as spasm after spasm of unbelievable release and warmth coursed through her body. At the peak of her orgasm she completely buried her face into Stacy's pussy and sucked hard on her clit. 

"Ohhhhh shit I'm cumming now! Yesssssss!" Stacy screamed, as her orgasm engulfed her, drenching Kaitlyn's face with her juices. She continued rocking against her friend's mouth feeling as if her orgasm would go on forever. Eventually it subsided and she moved to lie next to Kaitlyn, exhausted.

Several minutes past before either one of them could speak. They simply held each other in a soft embrace. 

"Do you regret what just happened?" Stacy whispered in the dim light.

"No, do you?" Kaitlyn said. 

Stacy snuggled closer to Kaitlyn and lightly kissed her on the neck. "Not at all."

"You don't think it will affect our marriages, do you?" Kaitlyn said. 

"Not unless we allow it to, and I don't plan on letting that happen," Stacy said.

"What is between friends stays between friends."

"Agreed" Kaitlyn said.

Later, they showered and dressed, popped the popcorn, and finished watching the rest of the movie. 

"Hey, you know that shopping trip we are planning to St. Louis?" Stacy said.

"Yes, what about it?" Kaitlyn said. 

"Is it an overnight trip?" 

"It is now," Kaitlyn said, and they both laughed. 

"We'll need to add one more thing to our shopping list," Stacy said.

"What's that? Kaitlyn asked.

"Toys" Stacy said, and they both laughed again.