 Most girls would have cried at the thought of leaving town and starting fresh for their senior year, but Sharon wasn't most girls. She had always felt she was destined for better things, and yet she was always one step behind. She blamed her parent's salaries. Blamed the out of style clothes that were all they could afford. Blamed the hand me down car. Blamed the neighborhood.

Well, all that was going to change. Her dad had a new job for lots more money. And the job required that they transfer. Of all places to Beverly Hills - 90210. Well, her zip code wasn't that - it was technically 90213, but it was close enough. And the school was the same one from the TV mini-series. She was ready for her new life. One that was made for TV.

Now, Sharon had a new wardrobe - stylish - pretty. Her dark brown hair now had highlights and was styled in an Jennifer Anistan. Her glasses were replaced with colored contacts to bring out the blue in her eyes. She had the same car - an older Honda, but she hoped no one would notice. Just to be sure, she parked in the back of the parking lot. It was a new start...or at least as close as she was ever going to get for a long time.

However Beverly Hills High wasn't like the high school she attended in Kansas. Everything was shiny. Expensive. Her idea of hanging out with the pretty people was going to be harder than she imagined. They were all pretty people. All tan with gleaming white teeth. She felt even more out of place than she did at her last school. The social stratus here was even harder to crack. At her old school there was a similar social stratus, but it wasn't obvious. You had to grow up there to know who was in and who was out. At Beverly Hills, it was obvious who was in and who was out. She knew it when she first walked into school. The popular kids hung out at the top of the stairs. The less popular hung out on the stairs themselves. The nobodies hung out at the bottom. The bottom feeders.

Sharon was sure she wasn't going to be a bottom feeder. She started off at the top of the stairs. But no one even looked at her, much less talked to her. It was as if she didn't exist. Not even a bottom feeder - but a ghost - a nobody. She began to work her way down. She tried different things to fit in. She tried another hair style. She sprayed on the fake tan. She started using Crest Whitestrips. After a week, and now down to the bottom quarter of the stairs, she was almost ready to give up.

"Hi, I'm Nikki," the petite blonde with the cute upturned nose said. 

"I'm Sharon, it's nice to meet you." Finally. Maybe this could be her chance. She had hoped to find someone a little more in - but by now she was happy for anything. As a matter of fact, she had butterflies in her stomach.

"Well Sharon," Nikki said. "We were just wondering-"

Glancing behind, Sharon saw a group of girls wave and then start laughing.

"If you were from Florida."

"No, actually I'm from Kansas."

"We figured you must be from Florida - " Nikki laughed as she filled in the punch-line. "Because your skin is so orange."

Blushing and blinking back tears, Sharon regretted spraying on so much fake tan. But, she had been following directions, and she was no where near as tan as these other girls. She thought a little more wouldn't hurt, but it had, and had been noticed. Now she was history. She would never fit in here. She might not even be able to fit in with the bottom feeders.

The girls laughed and pointed then went back to their clique. But then Sharon felt a comforting arm around her shoulder.

"Don't mind her. She's a bitch."

"Thanks." Could this be it? Maybe this was her chance. The girl wasn't from one of the groups on the second floor. But she was above the halfway point. Sharon had given up on half-way three days ago.

"I'm Paige."

"Sharon."

They shook hands and Sharon sized this girl up. Stylish and pretty. Polished teeth and blue eyes. If this girl couldn't make it to the top of the stairs, Sharon never could. The girl's only fault was probably her nose - her nose was normal, not the narrow pixie nose of the girl's on the top stairs.

"You're the new girl right?"

Sharon nodded. 

"Trying to fit in?" 

"Yes." God yes. 

"I could help, you know." 

"Would you?" Sharon's heart soared with joy.
 "That's what friends are for," Paige said.

They shook on it and Sharon had her first friend in Beverly Hills. 

That very night Paige stopped by Sharon's house and picked her up. Even Sharon's parents were excited. Sharon was thrilled about the move to Beverly Hills, but now that she was here, she seemed to be getting more and more depressed. And nothing her parents did seemed to help the poor girl.

And for Sharon, it was almost heaven. Paige had a shiny new car. A German car. She was on her way to the top of the stairs or at least the middle level. Nothing could stop her.

"The first thing we gotta do is get you a makeover," Paige said. "At this point that is the only thing we can do about that weird tan thing you got going on."

Sharon blushed at the comments. What had possessed her to try the instant tan stuff? It was all those tan girls at school, and there was no way she could get a real tan fast enough.

So they headed to the mall. Paige was in charge. The headed to the makeup counter and Paige directed while the makeup girl followed orders. $150 later and the end result wasn't what Sharon would have picked out. She felt it was a little too much. But she looked more brown than orange, and both girls said it was "Hot". The situation made Sharon think about the movie she had watched with Freddie Prinze, and how the geeky girl had been made over and lived happily ever after. And this was her happily ever after, and she was going to do anything to make it happen, even if that meant wearing makeup that looked a little - slutty. Besides, it was Beverly Hills, most all the girls around here looked a little on the slutty side.

"Now on to the Salon!" Paige said.

"Ah Paige," Sharon said. She hated saying it, but there was no help for it. "How much do you think the salon is going to cost? I'm running a little low."

"Small change. Five - six hundred tops."

"But I only have ninety dollars left." Five or six hundred was chump change? The comment made Sharon feel even more out of place. She felt depressed again. She had no fairy god mother to wave her magic wand...only cash which was in short supply.

Paige thought for a minute. "I have an idea. It may not be perfect, but it'll have to do."

They got in the car and went to a different part of town. It was still the Hills, but it was working folk's Hills. They pulled into a strip mall. An Asian place. Lee's Salon.

"Why are we here?" Sharon asked. She could polish her own nails.

"You know," Paige said. "Now that we've done what we can for your tan, we gotta do something about your bikini to stop people from laughing at you."

"My what?" Sharon cringed. She hated the thought of being laughed at, even though she had no idea what they were laughing at.

"You know, your bikini," Paige said. "A wax. Don't they do that where you used to live in Hicksville?"

Sharon didn't live in Hicksville. It was a respectable sized city for Kansas, even if it wasn't Beverly Hills. "But I just shaved my legs this morning."

"Not your legs silly. Your bush. You know. Trim up the hedges...a well-kept lawn means a well-kept house. " Paige giggled. 

"Oh no." Sharon said. The very though of it terrified her. "I couldn't."

"Suit yourself," Paige said shrugging her slim shoulders.  "But, I heard some of the girls talking the other day. They noticed how hairy you were after gym. They were calling you 'Beaver'. Leave it to Beaver. Such a mean thing to say. I was so embarrassed for you."

Oh God no. No wonder she wasn't fitting in. In Kansas it wasn't a big deal, no one got bikini waxes. Eyebrow waxes yes. Down below. Certainly not! But here in the Hills where the girls seemed to see how little they could get away with wearing, it must be necessary. 

"Okay...." Sharon said reluctantly. "But only if I have enough money for one."

They went in and made an appointment. Luckily, Sharon had Paige to help with everything.

"My friend needs a bikini wax." Paige told the woman at the counter. 

"Back there." the Asian woman pointed to the back of the store. "Sun Lee will be with you in a moment."  

The two girls headed to the back of the store behind a red curtain. Sharon was just glad it was private. She had no idea how the bikini wax would be handled, and as shy as she was, she wanted as much privacy as possible. 

"Take off your clothes and hop on the table."  Paige said once they got to the back. 

"All of them?" Sharon wasn't looking forward to disrobing in front of her new friend. Especially, not after the other girls had laughed at her and made crude jokes. Leave it to Beaver. Maybe Paige wouldn't even want to be friends if she saw. 

"Jesus, why do I even bother trying with someone so backwards," Paige said. "Let's just forget it and go home."

Sharon didn't know how it was with these Beverly Hills girls, but girls in Kansas just didn't go around taking their clothes off. But people around her were different. More free. They practically walked around half naked anyway. Sharon didn't want to take off her clothes, and she certainly didn't want to take them off in front of her new friend, but Sharon wanted Paige's help. Needed it, in order to make it up from the bottom of the stairs. 

So Sharon did the only thing she could, she took off her clothes, even her panties and bra, and folded them up, then sat down demurely on the vinyl bed with an arm draped over her breasts and one over her lap.

"You make yourself at home? Good." Sun Lee said when she arrived in the back. Sun Lee was Korean, and stood just a few inches over 5 feet. She had thick dark hair that shown like silk and was kept on top of her head by a pair of large pins. She was 42, but looked not a day over 37. She was clad in a nondescript blue smock. Sun Lee was a little startled to see a naked girl sitting on the table, but around here you saw all types of things. "I'll be ready in just a moment." Then she proceeded to put on a pair of latex gloves.

"You here for bikini wax?" Sun Lee asked the naked eighteen year old. "How you want it?" 

"Something stylish," Paige volunteered for her friend. "Maybe a Brazillian?"

Sharon had no idea what a Brazillian was and she didn't like the thought of the woman needing latex gloves for this procedure. Morever, she didn't like the look the Asian woman was giving her at the mention of it. There was a sort of hunger in her eyes. Now more than ever, she wished she had money for the expensive salon. If only she could go back in time and get her daddy's credit card.

"Oh Brazillian rook rearry nice. Make you pretty - very pretty" Sun Lee said. "You ray down now."

Sharon laid down on the cold vinyl, closed her eyes and waited for the worst to be over.

"Silly," Paige said, talking low into Sharon's ear. "She can't wax you like that. Bring your feet up."

Sharon had never been waxed. Had no idea what was required. Thankfully, Paige seemed to know. She slid her feet a bit higher on the bed.

"All the way up," Paige said. 

Sharon moved her feet up higher until they were close to her bottom. This wasn't so bad.

"Perfect." Paige nodded her approval. "Now keep your feet right there and slide your knees down until they are on the bed."

While having her feet near her bottom may not have been bad, having to slide her knees down, suddenly made it quite bad indeed. The resulting position, spread her as wide as she could spread and even forced her pubis out and up. Her pelvic bones pressed up from her abdomen and tendons were visible between her thighs. Sharon looked down and was soon covered in goosebumps. It was lewd and humiliating. She couldn't help but think the girls at school were right, she did need a trim down there. 

'Oh God, please let this be over soon,' Sharon thought. And worse, the older Asian woman's almond shaped eyes seemed to be devouring her slim body.

"Now close your eyes." Paige said and Sharon was glad to oblige.

"You hairy girl," Sun Lee said, causing Sharon to blush an even brighter shade of crimson. "This going to be rot of work."

And she proceeded to get to work armed with a wooden spatula, small cloth, and a jar of warm wax. The wax being spread on Sharon's mound of venus felt heavenly. Then the cloth was pressed against her. Though Sharon had never had a bikini waxed, she'd had her eyebrows done. She knew what was next. 

'Please let it not hurt, please let it not hurt', Sharon prayed.

And then a sharp pull and a strip of her pubes were abruptly jerked free.

"Oh!" Sharon gasped, drawing her knees back up and in. Her face winced in pain. Her hands moved down to sooth the burning sensation. It did hurt, but not for long. And now - in place of the hurt there was a new feeling. Tingly. Bare. Exposed. Vulnerable.

"Move hand, and put knees back down on table." Sun Lee ordered.

Sharon spread her legs out as before. Then she was even more exposed. Even more vulnerable. Her legs splayed out once again, but this time minus a small strip of her natural frock. She felt naked, but even more so. She felt exposed. Soon more wax wax doled out on her smooth white skin. And the warm wax felt good - so good as it was being applied and made her forget momentarily of her exposed situation. Then the strip of cloth was pressed against her and rubbed flush against her goose-bumped sensitive flesh. She couldn't help but tense, and draw her knees up in anticipation.

"Get knees back down." Sun Lee ordered.

Sharon did her best to follow orders and open her thighs, to relax, to push her knees down to her sides.

Laying there naked, humiliated, and vulnerable, something Sharon didn't expect happened. She was growing more and more turned on - any hope of common sense seeping in and make Sharon question why she was following orders from the girl who got her in the position in the first place flew out the window. As a matter of fact, she was doing her very best to imagine herself in another place entirely. Somewhere far away. Back home in her old high school in Kansas where this wouldn't have been necessary.

"Wider, hairy girl" said the Asian woman.  "Knees all way down." Sun Lee knew it wasn't necessary for the midwestern girl to spread any wider, but she enjoyed having fun with some of the rich white women who came in for waxes. Some she knew she couldn't take advantage of, but others were much easier. And this young girl with her ivory skin, heavily made up face and pushy friend, she had an innocent gullibility that sent a thrill through her sex.  

And poor Sharon. Now she was even being called hairy girl by the spa worker. She felt as if she were sliding even further down the social ladder. Even beneath this uneducated Asian woman who waxed crotches for a living and couldn't even pronounce words beginning with L. 

"Hairy girl so srow. Wider." Sun Lee said. 

Those alabaster thighs opened wide. Mons of venus pushed out and up. The pink lips lying therein began to swell and a hint of moisture was visible. 

"Now rerax."

Sharon tried to relax. Wished for nothing more than to relax. But it was so hard to do so. Not when she was in this splayed humiliating position. But she tried, oh, how she tried. And just when those goose-bump covered trembling thighs had opened just as wide as they could possibly go, just when those pink lips opened their doors, Sun Lee chose that moment to tug the cloth and strip away along with another patch of curly protection.

"Ouch!" A cry. A gasp. Pelvis thrusting. Knees coming together in a whir. A tight lean ass rising up from the vinyl covered bed before coming back down with a fleshy smack. Oh fuck. The sensation of being defrocked still vibrated through her sex like lightening.

"This may take rong time," Sun Lee told Paige. "Your hairy friend acting rike baby."

Sharon had never felt so mortified. What would Paige think after this remark?. That she was a baby? An immature hick from Kansas? She determined she would do better. 

Closing her eyes, she mumbled, "I'm sorry," and spread her trembling legs for the next pull. Tried to relax.

And so the dance began. Sharon was forced to spread herself wider than she though humanly possible. She was fairly flexible, she could only imagine what other women went through when they were waxed, being spread and bent this way and then that. Worse, each time she tried to get in the proper position, and then tried to relax; it was never good enough for Sun Lee. It changed subtly each time. Legs up. Legs down. Feet together near her bottom. Holding her ankles. Feet up. Feet held wide apart. Legs held out straight as if she were doing a split in the air. Tendons pushing out from shaky thighs. Pelvis and thighs burning and trembling from exertion. Then to relax. She could feel the mouth of her sex opening every time she relaxed. She could feel the cold air evaporating the moisture leaking from her sex. In contrast to the warm wax that was applied over and over again. Cloth pushed and smoothed. Fingers touching her. Spreading her. Prodding her. Teasing her. Nipples growing hard. Her tiny pearl swelling to fullness. A wetness seeping from her sex and down to the vinyl bed. A sharp tug. A rip. A gasp. And then later those gasps turned to moans. A tingly feeling that spread inside her that seemed to grow. And the dance repeated over and over again.

"God Sharon," Paige said, watching in amazement as the midwestern girl writhed and purred like a cat in heat. Her hips humping shyly - as if she were being made love to by an invisible lover. "Are you getting off on this?"

Sharon just knew her voice would tremble if she tried to answer, so she shook her head no and closed her eyes. Imagined herself back in her old high school. Back in Mrs. Osmond's class.

"Wider hairy girl," a voice ordered. 

Only it wasn't Mrs. Osmond teaching the class. It was a substitute. A coarse Asian woman who had her sitting on the desk in front of all her other classmates. Naked. Bare. Defenseless.

"More wide," the teacher ordered.

Sharon blushed as she spread her legs, bared her innermost secrets, all while her classmates pointed and laughed.

Spread. Pink. Wet. Willing.

No please.  

"You like it don't you?" And there was Paige in the front row. Staring. Smiling knowingly.  Asking if she liked it. "My God, you are getting off." And the class laughed. Pointed.

No. No. No.

And then the Asian substitute was at it again. With her wooden pointer she probed and touched, forcing her wider. Spreading her pink engorged lips . Showing her wet hungry holds. Her little pearl. Showing them all to her classmates.

"See, she wet. Hot to trot. See lips. See clit. Maybe we measure how big, hmmm? So sworren. So wet. See how she reeks on desk? Make dirty? I think she make more dirty very soon."

Oh God. Spreading her with fingers. Measuring the size of her slit with a ruler. Having the class guess it's size. Then the teacher laughing,"You all wrong. 3 cm. Hairy girl have big crit. This supposed to be science, but hairy girl rike. Rike being shown. Rike other girls. Hey crass, when you think hairy girl cum on desk?" Then the class volunteered answers. 20 minutes. 15 mintues.

"I think hairy girl make dirty desk much sooner," her teacher laughed, touching her clit with the ruler, driving her onward. Forcing her closer to a culmination of those unwelcome tingly feelings. So humiliating. So embarrassing. She wouldn't. No, not while being watched. She couldn't.  

She could. She did. Not just in her fantasies, not just for the substitute and the hungry eyes of her classmates, but there on a cheap vinyl table under harsh fluorescent lights, and the watching eyes of two near strangers. Molten lava spread from her soul to her sex. Her pelvis thrusted. She could feel her muscles clenching and spasming in her sex. She gasped out loud. She hoped they wouldn't notice. Prayed they didn't. 
