 Sunday - February 26, 2006

Author's note: This is the last day of a vacation that turned a ten-year fantasy into reality. It is taking place on a plane from Jamaica to Minneapolis Minnesota. What else do the stars have for me the remaining few hours? If you have already read previous chapters, then you have a hint.

This is a continuation of a party started yesterday which can be found under Interracial Love, Chapter 14.

It begins:

A cart stops, and Frank approaches saying, "Heather, this is your limo and each of your friends have one; see you at the airport." The door opens and my heart almost stops. Here are Maria and Tracy and, my God, the guys I wanted.

We all start to laugh and giggle. Tracy is wired to stay in contact with Frank. I know because I hear, "To the airport, please."

I open the conversation by saying, "God, this is so great of Trudy and Frank, letting all of you come with us to the airport."

Chuck says, "Damn, Heather, what mystical powers do you have to get this special treatment?"

"Chuck, Anna and I also have asked that many times. It is uncanny for Mistress Trudy to be so generous with guests. It's not her," comes from Maria.

"I don't know guys. Maybe we just have good chemistry going."

I see Jeff looking at me with a slight smile. He knows what I mean about the chemistry but does not say anything.

"Harry, well all of you are welcome to come to my place and party. Harry, I will never forget you and I hope we can stay in touch. Please come to Minnesota. Harry introduced me to the biggest cock I ever had in me up to that point in time the first night here and I did not even realize it was in me."

"Sam, I owe you a lot. Sam introduced me to ass fucking by tongue and cock. He is also a sweetheart that I would trust my life to. He is like Harry, in me but I did not know it." 

"Chuck, for making me feel like a women with an older guy and not a sex toy."

Jeff, I haven't figured it out yet but it has to be something."

"Slim, grow up a little, and thanks for not getting pissed at me for trying to get even. That scene in the theater probably will last the existence of the resort and when we are old we will have some nice memories of it." I lean over to give him a peck.  

"All of you, please let's stay in touch."

"Maria and her sister Anna introduced girl love to Amy and me, wow! They opened a whole new world for us to explore."

"With Tracy, It's having the hots for each other and having fun. I think now girl on girl sex is fun, another part of sexual enjoyment."

"I am going to miss all you guys. Please e-mail when you have a chance."

We do idle talk until the airport where my heart sinks knowing it will be 'bye for some of us for some time.

We are at the plane, we get out of the limo; we all do the hugs, kisses, tears and climb the stairs of this huge aircraft, waving as we walk in. 

Tracy is there and hands us a peace of paper and says, "Your suitcase and clothes are in the section written on that paper. Feel free to do anything you want and ask for anything you want."

As we get further into the plane we see two awesome looking Brazilian stewardesses, then two more, then three males as good looking as Frank. They all say in unison," Welcome aboard Heather, Amy, Jenn, and Stace."

Ann then says, "If any of you would like a bed partner, just motion your finger to any flight attendants." 

"We will be touching down in six hours, so play or sleep," Frank gives me a wink. "If you need anything and there is not an attendant with you, press the call button in your cabin and someone will be there."

My adrenaline is so high I am not sleepy. "Ann, I would like to just walk around to feel and touch everything. This is unbelievable."

My friends indicate they would like to also. Ann pushes a call button and all flight attendants appear. Ann says, "Pick a tour guide and when you are ready they will bring you up to the lounge." Did I hear right, up to the lounge?

I selected a female. During the tour I find out her name is Johanna, not married but does have a 10 year old daughter living with her folks and has been working as a flight attendant for five years. She does some office work, mostly filing and making copies of things to be stored when not flying."

The plane is very impressive and any amenity one desires must be onboard somewhere. We hear, "seats and buckles please." Johanna knows where to hook up for the take off. She indicates we will be released to walk in about ten minutes. She says the pilots told her to expect a smooth flight to Minneapolis.

She is filling me in on Ann and Frank's operations as we are climbing because of my persistent asking of questions.

We hear a ding-ding. Johanna indicates we can continue our tour. We walk and gawk and end up at some stairs. "The lounge is up there Heather." She and I go to the lounge and find Ann and Frank are enjoying a cocktail. 

"What can I get you to drink Heather?" 

"I'd like some hot chocolate please, if you have it."

Frank roars in laughter. "Put a half a jigger of Irish liquor in it please, will you Johanna," Frank is suggesting.

My other friends are showing up one by one. They like the smell of my hot drink and ask for the same. 

Johanna stays by me and the other guides stay with the person they escorted. I guess they have become our personal attendants.

It appears that none of us want to miss out on anything. We are charged up for some reason and we just go from topic to topic.

Frank changes the subject by saying, "Ann and I are going to get some rest. Your attendants will assist you in your needs. See you later before touchdown."

"Ann, Frank, before you guys leave," I get up and walk to them. "I know I am going to lose it at the airport. I am lost for words, being overwhelmed by your kindness, and generosity. I am really happy that it will be 'until later' and not months before we get to see each other again. I am still reeling from the party tonight. Never in my wildest fantasy would that have happened. Trudy and both of you sure went out of your way to make it an awesome event."

Ann says, "Girls, when you get to your suitcases there is a package. In the package are DVD's of the party. There are no copies. Frank and I do not even have one. Heather has the Master. Frank and I would love a copy but for now you think it over. We will be seeing lots of each other so no rush. The other memories will have to be re-called from your brain cells."

"We know what you are trying to express, Heather, and it's as you say, not 'bye, but until later. Sleep well if you sleep." With that comment I get a wink.

I plop back down and ask for another hot chocolate. 

My friends drift off one by one with their attendants. I lean back, rest and just blab with Johanna. I am enjoying the peace and serenity of the outside air rushing past the skin of the plane.

I almost lose my hot chocolate as a guy comes into the lounge from a door up front. Johanna indicates he was one of the co-pilots. He approaches us and says, please remain seated, Heather. My God! I just had sex for the last ten hours and I want him.

"I need to use the facilities. It's just a tad tight space up there so we come out and use the closest. It gives our circulation a chance to clean out any dead pockets."

"Catch you later, Heather. I hope we can make your trip pleasant." My brains spins is that an inference?

"Sure is cute isn't he, Heather?" 

"My God, he is gorgeous."

"The pilot is even better looking in my opinion."

"May I ask you a question, Johanna?"

"Sure Heather, shoot."

"When he said, 'I hope we can make your trip pleasant.' was he inferring to something more than a safe flight?"

Johanna smiles and asks, "Interested?"

I blush and mumble, "My God, yeah. Any girl in her right mind would be."

"I will let him know then."

"Wait, Johanna is he on every flight?"

"Yes, for most international flights."

"On this flight there are nine of twelve because Frank is private company and when this plane is in the air he wants it moving, the pilots relieve each other every six hours."

"Johanna, we had a party tonight that for us was the party of all parties. I would love the guy to do me but I am a tad sore. I wish there was a tub or Jacuzzi on board."

She reaches for my cup and says, "Follow me." We go down the steps and to the front of the plane. She opens the door and my God not one Jacuzzi but two.

"Want to get your therapy now?"

I begin to slip off my robe and hear, "May I join you?"

"Oh heavens yes, Johanna. I just assumed you would."

We climb in and relax. "More chocolate or anything Heather?"

"Any chance of a large orange juice?"

"Sure." She picks up a phone and orders two large orange juices. She points to an opening and indicates that they will place the drinks on the other side, ring a bell and then we can open a sliding door to retrieve them keeping things private.

"Jake the co-pilot that got your attention is 32 years old, never married and will be off duty in three more hours. He is a real playboy, Heather so take that into account. I hear him and the other pilots chatting from time to time. They seem to be keeping a record of how many strange pieces of tail they have gotten, if you know what I mean."

"Thanks for the tip. Do you let him do you?"

"Yes, from time to time when I am horny and the captain is busy."

"Oh, so all of the pilots play huh?"

"Sure do Heather."

"Well there is the bell for the juice."

Johanna returns, we sip and talk more girl talk.

"I noticed the other female flight attendants are beautiful as you and the guys are not bad either. Are there more flight attendants or is this it?"

"No, we have 30 in total. I like the international runs. Some prefer in country flights. It just works great for me. When I get home after this trip I will have three weeks off. Some times Ann or Frank will toss in an extra week with pay. I can spend lots of time then with my daughter when I am at home"

"How's the water feel?" 

"This is awesome. I am glad I mentioned that I need this."

"When will you sleep or go off duty, Johanna?"

"Officially I am off duty when you depart the plane in Minneapolis."

"If you go to your quarters to sleep and you push a call button it rings my station."

"If we both go to your quarters all you need to do is nudge me if we are sleeping."

"Johanna, please be honest with me with your answer to the question I am going to ask."

"Sure, Heather, what is it?"

"In the case of yourself, is it part of your job to have sex with passengers or is it because you desire it?"

"It is strictly because I desire it. We as flight attendants do not need to provide sex. We can always excuse ourselves with the reason that safety is paramount. I see you are struggling with something. What is it hon'?"

"Being in Jamaica for the last two weeks has changed me. I feel like I still am a baby learning to walk with my new self. I was introduced to girl on girl sex for the first time in my life last week and found that I enjoy it very much. Are Brazilian girls into it a lot or are they more guy oriented?"

"I have no idea of how the country would shake out in that matter. The people that work for Frank and Ann for the most part are BI. All are very well educated and extroverted. If you are not BI, it would be difficult working for Frank and Ann's organization because it is in your face all the time. Some of the parties with the guests that Ann and Frank host get very wild. If you are introverted or have a hang-up about it, then working with this organization would be miserable. I think the more education that a person has in my country the more likely it is they will be BI."

"Does this answer your question?"

"Yes, it really does because Frank and Ann have invited us to the ranch from time to time over weekends. Your answer eased one of the concerns I had."

"Is there another concern, Heather?"

"Well, not so much a concern but a desire."

"What might that desire be?"

"I would please me very much if you would kneel in front of me here in the Jacuzzi so that I may suckle those lovely breasts of yours if you do not mind or object."

"Ever since we did the tour earlier I was hoping you would ask to do that and more. Since you are a guest of Ann and Frank I need to be very sensitive and careful not to offend you."

"Johanna, because of the party I am exhausted and do desire more but would like to wait until morning before doing more."

"I understand, Heather. I have been in your situation many times with Ann and Frank and their guests."

She lifts herself to straddle me and place her breast at my mouth level. I use my hands to lift them. God, they are so soft and warm. Her nipples are already hard as a rock. This makes mine hard. I begin gentle sucking, just needing to have them in my mouth after looking at them here in the Jacuzzi.

"Heather, might I suggest not to stay here to long. There are two reasons. Your body temperature will elevate and you will be uncomfortable. Also, and the most distressing is, looking like a prune."

I begin to giggle saying, "You are right."

"Johanna, I have been thinking. Can you sleep with me and then a few hours before touch down do 69 and Jake doing my pussy at the same time. I really don't care if he adds another one to the count knowing he is such a playboy. I just want to see him naked, knowing he will get naked to fuck me."

"Sure, Heather. Want to head to your quarters now before you turn into a prune?"

"Mmmm, huh, yes, let's go."

We finish the juice. I find a potty and we get into bed. Johanna wraps herself around me and I am thinking of her lovely body that I desire to ravish in the morning. She is Ann's age, so I am comfortable with her. One would never guess that she has a daughter with the figure she is blessed with. I wonder how many of the male fight attendants sleep with her. If I desire her, certainly all males on board must also. 

"Good morning, sleeping beauty is being whispered into my ear."

I weakly respond in kind. 

"Care for another hour rest or do you wish to experience Mr. Playboy?"

I blink my eyes and try to collect my thoughts, Mr. Playboy, who is he? My brain cell kicks in. "Oh! Are we that close to home already?"

"Yes, Heather, we are."

"Johanna, what about Mr. Playboy, average pussy pleaser, above average or below?"

"Well, Heather, probably that is a very personal thing so I can only tell you my grading. The captain is both handsome and great in bed. I think it's because he is older. Jake can or cannot be good for me depending on my mood and how much liquor Jake may have consumed off duty. So for Jake it can be a full, half, or empty bag. I have learned if I am horny and want a good ride, I need to get him in the sack as soon as he comes off the flight deck if I am not assigned to a passenger. I let him know an hour before he is off duty. If he does not have a date with a passenger he will give me a full ride."

"In the captain's case, I always let the captain ask. If he asks, then I know it will be better than average. Since you are on this flight I will make the assumption you have experienced Frank. The captain equals Frank in bedside awesome cum generating but is a tad more reserved in doing it than Frank. Frank enjoys it a little more on the active side." 

"I am still somewhat tired and not horny for a cock but would really enjoy 69ing with you. When my eyes saw you when boarding, your beauty stirred my pussy and it's still stirring."

I receive a kiss and a breast squeeze. "Heather there is a potty over there as well as a shower. The left door is the potty with a lavatory and the right door is the shower."

I scoot out of bed to use the potty and also shower to wake myself a tad. 

Johanna and I proceed to have several soft very enjoyable cums. We desire each other so much that I am on top for the first cum and she is on top for the second cum.

We then both shower together and have additional cums standing under the water. We giggle because two in this shower becomes automatic body to body contact. Our nips are touching and sending electrical charges to our clits to enhance the orgasms.

After showering we hear, "forty five minutes to touchdown."

"Come on lets go get some juice and a bite."

She takes me to a mini buffet. All my friends are here with their escorts and we all holler to each other. Frank, Ann and Tracy are at another table. Johanna and I get some muffins and juice and join Ann, Frank and Trudy at their table. 

"Well you look rested and content, Heather. The flight seems to be agreeing with you," as a wink comes with the comment. I just smile back and say, "Much, much better than I had expected, thank you."

"Johanna, Heather and her friends have accepted our invitation to come visit us from time to time. I think you two might be seeing a lot of each other as a result of their decision."

"Cool! Heather you did not mention that to me. That is a nice surprise for me to hear. I sure will be looking forward to seeing them."

"If things work out Johanna, just Heather will be flying with us to Bangkok in a month or two. Watch the flight posting and ask Ann or me if Heather will be on board and we will slot you in if you desire."

"Thanks, Frank. That will make that long flight seem very short."

"Touchdown, fifteen minutes, seats and belts please."

Johanna says, "Here put this belt on and when we hear the gears go down we will move over to those seats at the windows. Now it's to secure us in case we encounter some bumpy air from the aircraft in front of us."

Ann then says, "Frank will walk you and your friends down the stairs, Heather and give you more info when we are on the ground. Bundle up; it is freezing out there. I will stay here where it's warm and give you a hug before you leave. I hate the cold."

Frank says, "We will call you in a day or two after we get things understood in Bangkok. I will go down the steps with you and hug you there. We may have to wait several minutes for immigration and customs to come and clear you in. When you get inside the terminal, look for a black man holding a card with your names. He will take you girls wherever you want. He will give you a business card and those people have been ordered to assist every reasonable request anyone of you make at anytime in the future." 

We all look at each other and say, "WOW" simultaneously.

The plane stops. Ann stands and says, "I am going to give you my hug and 'bye now so I can go back there and bawl. Talk to you soon and see you in a month or two. We all do the hugs and kisses and she disappears.

Tracy comes up, happy as can be, hugs all my friends and when she gets to me whispers, "I am already dripping thinking of you and me together in Brazil. Thanks for the fun."

Johanna comes to hug me saying, "Thanks for being on board. I am looking forward to us flying together again in more ways than here in this flying machine."

Frank comes up to us and gives us hugs and kisses and pats our asses saying he is going to miss it.

The stairs lower, Frank walks down with us; he's bundled in a Russian fur coat of some animal and a cap. A guy follows us off the plane and opens a compartment. He sets the luggage on the ground and closes the compartment. Then a van pulls up. Uniformed men get out with dogs. 

"Passports please" we hear. He looks at the four passports and then asks, "Anything to declare?" We shake our heads no but I want to say 'an exhausted pussy.'

"Welcome home ladies." 

They get into the van and Frank hugs us again and says, "I still am in a state of shock. You girls call collect anytime you feel the need of a black cock and I will try to take the edge off. Talk to you in a few days, Heather." 
