 Author's Note: Hey y'all...as you probably figured out part I of this story was more along the lines of a tease...but trust me - part II continues the build-up, brings Jenn's story to a conclusion and then...well, you know what's fixin to happen. I just wanted to say thanks again to everyone for the feedback and reading my stories. All characters and events are fictional. 

Of course this story includes sexually explicit material and is intended for adults, so if you are not at least 18 years of age or are offended by sexual material - then you might want to quit now...for the rest of y'all, thank you for reading, feel free to comment and give feedback and please remember to vote! 

**** 

"Jenn!" Brit called out with a small wave as she breezed on through towards the rear corner of the coffee shop. 

Jenn looked up and waved back. 

"I just have to tell you," Brit announced upon dropping her purse on the floor and joining her friend by sitting down on the secluded love seat in the corner. The worn but comfortable leather two-seater was considered prime real estate by all of the coffee shop regulars. It not only offered comfort and privacy, but also had the strongest Wi-Fi signal. Jenn had shown up early to claim it. 

"Tell me what?" Jenn asked and set her iPad aside. 

"I've been totally obsessing over your story," Brit whispered theatrically. 

"Really?" Jenn scrunched up her nose. 

"You have no idea." 

Jenn grinned and shook her head. 

"Can you blame me?" the curvy brunette asked. "I'm serious, Jenn...it's like the hottest, most interesting story ever. I really think you should publish it or something." 

"Yeah, I'll get right on that," Jenn scoffed. 

"You really should," Brit reaffirmed her opinion. 

"Okay, if you say so," Jenn placated her and then asked politely. "How's your week been so far?" 

"Pretty quiet," Brit informed her. "Yours?" 

"Meh...same," Jenn nodded. "Have you heard from Lori?" 

"Not a word," Brit rolled her eyes. "I think she's still pissed or whatever." 

"Probably," Jenn chuckled. "I guess she'll get over it eventually." 

They grew quiet after Brit agreed with a small nod. The brunette leaned back and took a sip of her large mocha. Jenn was watching her expectantly, waiting to see how long it would take. Brit casually looked around the coffee shop for a few moments before sighing and giving up the façade. She turned to Jenn with a grin. "So..." 

"So...what?" Jenn asked innocently and took a drink of her caramel frappe. 

"Jenn-i-fer." Brit warned by drawing her name out into three long syllables as she set her coffee drink down. The brunette frowned expectantly and crossed her arms which pushed her large breasts together. 

"Ye-e-s?" Jenn teased her by drawing the simple word out as well and had to consciously make an effort not to look down and admire her friend's tantalizingly generous cleavage. 

"Well?" Brit finally asked. "Are you going to finish the story or what?" 

"Yikes," Jenn raised her eyebrows. "I guess so...uh, where was I?" 

Her curvaceous friend grinned with excitement as she scooted a little closer and lowered her voice. "You just finished getting yourself off for the second time in front of Amanda and told me that was when you realized Amanda had gotten herself off too...then y'all had gone home for the summer." 

"Oh, yeah," Jenn nodded and then a wistful smile crossed her face. "Hmmm...that summer was fun. I had a part time job at the animal shelter, took an online class and partied a little bit...and I spent hours and hours in my bedroom with the door locked." 

The two of them giggled like a couple of school girls. 

"I have no idea what my parents must have thought," Jenn continued. "I think my mom probably suspected, but my dad? He probably swore I was on drugs or something. I didn't care...It was time well spent." 

Brit's grin grew wicked. "I'll bet." 

"Well, that too," Jenn laughed. "But it really was...I mean I learned a lot about myself and my body. I figured out what I liked, what worked best to get me off and what didn't, how to tease myself...just, you know, really figured things out for myself about me." 

Brit nodded in understanding. 

"So fast forward to school starting," Jenn gestured by rolling her hand in a circle. "Everything's cool. Amanda and I are roomies again, we get all moved back into the dorm and then classes start. We're both super busy with the whole getting back into the groove of school thing. No problem, right? On the surface it's just status quo and all that...but in the back of my mind I can't stop thinking about what happened last semester. I mean I had thought about it all summer - hell, it had been my go to fantasy when I masturbated." 

"Seriously?" Brit leaned towards her wide-eyed. 

"Of course," Jenn scoffed like it was obvious. "Up to that point it had been like the hottest thing to happen to me. So anyways, I'm totally playing it cool just kind of waiting to see how this is going to play out. I mean, eventually things are going to settle down and we'll end up spending more time together. So I'm wondering - is she going to say anything? Are we going to talk about it? I had no idea." 

"So what happened?" Brit asked quietly. 

"Nothing," Jenn shrugged. 

"What?" Brit's mouth dropped open in disbelief. "Nothing?" 

"Nope...nothing," Jenn confirmed with a shake of her head. Then a little half smile pulled at the corner of her mouth, "at least for those first couple of days." 

"Ugh," Brit groaned and then couldn't help but grin. "You're killing me." 

"I know," Jenn smiled and playfully stuck her tongue out before continuing. "We eventually got through that first week and by Friday we had gotten back into the rhythm of dorm life and having a roommate again and all that. I actually waited until that Friday night to spring my little surprise on her." 

Brit's eyebrows rose up in anticipation. 

"Amanda ended up going out with her friends before I did," Jenn explained. "So I left it for her right before I went out." 

"Really?" Brit sighed. "You're going to make me ask?" 

Jenn slowly blinked and nodded once. 

"What was the surprise?" 

"A night-lite," Jenn announced with a grin. 

"A night-lite," Brit repeated flatly, missing the point. 

"Yes, a night-lite," Jenn replied defensively. "I spent over an hour picking out just the right one. It was this small plug in box that was solar-powered, so no batteries to worry about...and it gave off just the right amount of light - not too bright, but bright enough. Get it? Just bright enough?" 

"Ahhhh," Brit smiled as it dawned on her. "Okay...I get it...a night-lite." 

"Exactly," Jenn wiggled her eyebrows. "I don't even remember which party I ended up at or who I danced with or anything. I was so focused on getting back to the room and going to bed to see what was going to happen. I had a pretty decent buzz and finally went back to the dorm. Figures I beat her back. So I improvised." 

Brit got a little more comfortable by putting her arm up on the back of the love seat and pulling her legs up underneath her. 

"I plugged the night-lite in by the door away from our beds so when the lights were turned out it would come on and you could just barely kind of see by the glow, ya know," Jenn explained and Brit nodded. "It's late August so it's still hot at night which gave me the excuse of putting on this really cute little camisole pajama top and the matching panties that were kind of skimpy. Super cute and sexy...I had literally picked them out over the summer just to wear to bed for Amanda." 

"No, you didn't," Brit whispered and covered her mouth. "Oh, my goodness...you really were into this." 

"I know," Jenn nodded her head and blushed. "So I get ready for bed and I'm under my sheet reading a book with just my desk light on. Amanda finally gets back to the room. I think she was a little surprised to see me, but no big deal. We chatted about who we saw, where we went, blah blah blah...she grabs her stuff and goes down to the bathroom to get ready for bed and comes back in the usual sleepwear of t-shirt and underwear. This whole time I'm like squirming I'm getting so turned on. I swear I can remember to this day how bad my legs were shaking." 

"Uh-huh," Brit nodded again and Jenn realized her best friend was literally leaning towards her in anticipation. 

"So she grabs one of her textbooks and gets into bed. We read for a little while and I finally told her I was ready to turn in if she was," Jenn's voice had lowered. "And she was like yeah, no problem. Okay, so picture that I had to get out of my bed and go around to my desk to turn off my light. So I got out of bed and sashayed my little ass to do just that...you know, kind of showing off my outfit a little bit. I made eye contact with her and gave her my best innocent smile like no big deal and she was totally watching me the whole time. I think I even stalled or something before turning off the lamp." 

Brit was chewing on her lip. 

"I turn off the lamp and right on cue the night-lite starts to glow," the redhead grinned. "It was perfect. So I'm coming around the desk towards my bed and Amanda was like, 'what is that?' And I was just like, what, that? Oh, just a night-lite. You know, so we don't stub or toes or whatever in the middle of the night. So she's just looking at the glow from the night-lite and then at me. She does this a couple of times and was finally like 'oh, right, yeah that makes sense.' I just smiled at her and then got back in bed." 

"Did she say anything else?" Brit basically whispered. 

"No, not a word," Jenn shook her head. "And just so you know, nothing happened that night. Neither of us did anything or mentioned anything else about it. We just went to sleep." 

Brit scowled and started to say something but Jenn reached out and gently put her fingers to her best friend's lips to silence her. Jenn meant to do it as a joke, but it actually came across as this really intimate gesture. It kind of surprised both of them and they just sat like that...leaning towards each other, looking into each other's eyes with Jenn touching Brit's plump lower lip with her fingertip. Jenn snapped out of it and quickly removed her finger from Brit's mouth and the curvy brunette raised her eyebrows, but didn't say anything. 

"Fast forward to the next night, Saturday night," Jenn cleared her throat and continued. "I told you about Friday just so you kind of got the picture. Same thing, normal Saturday - I think we ended up going to the football game and then out to eat. And of course later that night we both went out, yadda yadda...only this time she beats me back to the room. Just a side note - I distinctly remember that I had just enough vodka and cranberry juice in me that night so that I was feeling not only horny but kinda bold. Anyway, Amanda's in bed studying and I went ahead and just started changing for bed right there in the room as if she wasn't there." 

Brit cocked her head. 

"I guess I forgot to mention that up to that point we had both been really modest," Jenn explained. "We didn't do the whole running around naked thing in front of each other...but there I was down to my birthday suit and I'm kind of just taking my time putting that same outfit back on from the night before. I could see from the corner of my eye that Amanda is watching me the whole time. So I go and brush my teeth and wash my face and get ready for bed. I come back in the room and she's already turned the light out. So I can see from the night-lite that she's lying on her back. Her eyes are closed, but we both know she's not asleep." 

"I'm so freaking wet and ready to bust that I don't even pretend to sleep or play games," Jenn chuckled. "I get into bed and I think I managed to count to ten or something like that before I just tossed the sheet off of me all dramatic like and mm-hmm...did I put on a show for her." 

"Really?" Brit asked conspiratorially. 

"Uh-huh," Jenn bobbed her head with a sly look on her face. "First, I let out this big sigh just to you know, get her attention. Then I started playing with my tits and pinching my nipples. I even heard her gasp a little when I pulled my shirt up." 

"Wow," Brit whispered and it seemed maybe she was getting a little turned on by the story from the way her large chest was heaving. "You weren't playing around." 

"Not at all," Jenn agreed. "I was really into it, too. I'm taking my time rubbing my breasts and playing with my nipples. I swear to this day I can remember that I was so wet I could literally feel it soaking through my panties. So finally I can't take it anymore and I move down to focus on my pussy. Now remember, I had a whole summer of practice, so I kind of knew what I was doing - well, at least I knew what I liked anyways. I started by rubbing up and down my lips and they were so slick. I dipped my finger inside a little, just to get it wet. Now I knew I was about to take a big chance, but I figured what the heck, at this point I'm all in. So I brought that finger up and sucked on it, tasting myself." 

"No, you didn't." 

"Oh, I did," Jenn chuckled. "About a month into summer break I figured out that I loved the taste of my pussy. I found that it really turned me on and made me cum harder when I did that." 

"Oh, my...that is so hot," Brit whispered. "What did Amanda do?" 

"She moaned," Jenn grinned like the Cheshire cat. "It wasn't like a loud moan or anything, but she moaned alright. Now I knew she was all in, too. At this point I was like crazy turned on so teasing time was over. I got down to business and started rubbing my clit and fingering myself. I could see Amanda's hand moving under the sheet so I knew she was masturbating with me. I could also see that she had her eyes squinted almost shut, but her head was turned towards me so she could watch me. Realizing that was all it took and I practically exploded. She must have had hers around the same time or shortly after mine." 

"And then?" 

"I was just lying there...didn't want to move - unh, such a good orgasm," Jenn rolled her eyes as she remembered it. "Then Amanda let's out this little sigh, like this contented little sigh and I can see her in the glow of the night-lite as she just rolls over towards the wall like she was fixin to go to sleep." 

"She didn't say anything?" 

"Nope," Jenn grinned, "but I did. I waited until she got all situated and then just as sweet as pie was like 'goodnight Amanda'." 

"You did not," Brit whispered in wonderment. 

"I most certainly did," Jenn said. "She froze and I couldn't even see her breathing. I waited...and waited. Finally, I heard her whisper 'goodnight' and then I went to sleep." 

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Brit threw her head back dramatically and then leaned over to rest it against Jenn's shoulder. "This story is so good it's wearing me out...I don't know if I can take much more." 

"Oh...okay," Jenn shrugged. "We can just pick up where I left off next week or whatever." 

"Don't you dare move," Brit warned and sat up. She was scowling at her best friend but a smile was pulling at the corners of her mouth. "Get back to story-telling." 

"I actually do have to run," Jenn glanced at her watch and made an apologetic face as she stood up. "I'm sorry, Brit, but I have to take cupcakes to Lilly's class this afternoon." 

"Awww, man," Brit groaned. "Can you come over after? Or tonight even?" 

"You're serious?" 

Brit nodded and gave her a pleading look. 

"Well...I guess I could come over after dinner," Jenn admitted. It was Friday and the kids didn't have school in the morning. "I don't think Patrick will mind too much." 

"Perfect," Brit cheered up and stood up as well. She gave her best friend a tight hug which caused her large breasts to press firmly against the redhead's chest. Jenn could feel that Brit's nipples were hard. "Just text me what time and I'll have some wine ready." 

"You're like way too into this story, Brit," Jenn chuckled but with a note of sincerity in her tone. 

"Girl," Brit smiled and winked at her as they headed towards the parking lot. "You have no idea." 

**** 

"Hey, you!" Brit greeted warmly as she held the door open for Jenn. 

"Hey yourself," Jenn smiled and hugged her friend. 

"Your timing is perfect," Brit giggled and shut the door after Jenn stepped inside. "I just opened the wine." 

"And I," Jenn turned around and held up the cakebox and informed Brit in a singsong voice, "brought leftover cupcakes." 

"Ooo, that works for me," Brit nodded. 

Jenn followed her best friend into the kitchen. The buxom brunette poured each of them a large glass of one of their favorite wines and put a cupcake for each of them on small plates. They chatted for a minute about Jenn's kids and school. Brit and Will didn't have any children and were the best non-related Aunt and Uncle in the history of faux relatives. After grabbing a couple of paper towels, Brit led the way back into the den and the comfy super-couch where Jenn had first started telling her story. 

They set their plates and glasses down on the coffee table and got situated and comfortable on the oversized sofa. Jenn was glad to see that Brit was dressed just as casual and comfortable as she was. Jenn had on her favorite yoga pants and a t-shirt and Brit wore leggings and one of Will's old college jerseys. Will had played football both in college and a couple of years in the NFL. They continued to chat about this and that while they each had a couple of bites of the decadent chocolate cupcakes and a few sips of wine. With one last large swallow of wine, Brit set her glass down on the coffee table and got down to business. 

"So you just finished giving yourself this epic orgasm and Amanda got off too," Brit summarized. "You forced her hand a little bit by telling her goodnight and she finally responded...then what happened?" 

"I'm just going to put this out there, Brit," Jenn chuckled. "Your obsession is a little scary." 

"Whatever," Brit waved her off like it was nothing and then lunged forward until she was practically sprawled across Jenn's lap while babbling, "give it to me, give it to me, gimme some more story." 

This cracked both of them up and as they laughed Jenn playfully tried to push her friend off of her. Brit resisted for a second. Their position had brought Brit's chest into contact with Jenn's breasts. Jenn happened to be braless and the contact made her nipples instantly hard. The redhead paused at what she thought was a strange look on Brit's face, but then the brunette smiled at her and sat back up. 

"I don't think you realize just how good this story is," Brit said to quickly get past that exchange. "I'm serious; you really need to write this thing down. It's that hot." 

"Yeah, I think you've mentioned that once or twice," Jenn allowed and then got on with the story. "So anyways, the next morning it was basically the same thing as before...nothing. Amanda acted like everything was normal, nothing to talk about, just another day. I mean, it wasn't like I wanted to have a heart to heart about it or anything, but I thought pretending like it never happened was, I don't know, kinda weird? It didn't exactly bother me...more like just confused me. I didn't know if it was a one off thing or was it going to happen again...I just didn't know." 

"Did it?" Brit asked. "Happen again?" 

"Are you kidding?" Jenn laughed. "Repeat performance that very night. I think we were both getting kind of antsy the closer it got to bedtime. We started getting quieter and avoiding eye contact as we went about our evening routine. Finally, by the time we finally called it a night and got ready for bed I was just ready to say fuck it, let's do this. It's funny looking back on it - if I hadn't been so unsure of everything I probably would've realized that all that tension that had built up was gone the second I threw my sheet off. I mean, I could swear I almost heard this sigh of relief from Amanda. It was another good one too. I can't even explain how unbelievable it was to rub my clit and finger my pussy while watching that sheet move, knowing that underneath it Amanda was rubbing her pussy too while she watched me." 
