 Another milestone story, whose full title is "Beyond Hell And Back V: Full Seventh Circle." It is now four Decembers following the original "BHaB," and following part 2 as well. I was going to categorize this differently, but have circled back to simply Lesbian Sex. Here, as usual, are all the others under which this story could fall. Scary Christmas, lebbis and gentlemen.

ADDITIONAL CATEGORIES: BDSM, Group, Horror, Mind Control, Non-Consent, Sci-Fi/Fantasy

*****

Taking The "Fun" Out Of...

Saturday, December 16th, 2017, 3:52 p.m.

Sigh. "Thanks for coming with me, Hol."

"Aw, of course, babe. You're my wife. I'd do anything for you."

"I know...but I also know you hate funerals."

Purrrrrrrrr. "Mrrrraaaoow."

"Hey Hobbs, what's up, buddy. Well, I usually just hate funerals when it's someone close to me. Maybe it's a little selfish or ironic, but I don't really mind being moral support for someone else at all."

"'Selfish'...you're the least selfish person I've ever known."

"Awww...you're just sayin' that."

"Yes, I am."

"Ah!"

"Okay, I'm not. I just wish I hadn't been asked to give a eulogy. That was so embarrassing."

"Sweetie, you are not the first person to whip up croc tears during a eulogy."

"I just felt so sheepish and weird. Carla was a close friend, but apparently not close enough to make me cry at losing her. When I was eleven, I fell off the jungle gym, broke my arm, and couldn't stop crying. Where's the line?"

"Well...'s see. You came close when Simona accosted me in my classroom and you happened to pop up. And when I wrestled that last pack of ciggies outta your hand, crumpled 'em up and threw 'em away. But that night after the 7-11, that was the real deal. Maybe you only cry when you're physically injured. And/or, something happens to your arm."

"Maybe...I dunno. Then again, I also felt a little awkward being the only Jew in a room full of Catholics. Thank god we weren't in a church, or I'd have burst into flames."

"Oh, babe, don't even joke about that."

"I'm...sorry?...Oh well, Carla and her friends and relatives may be Catholic, but they were also extremely Semite-friendly. I told one person my maiden name, and they somehow managed to snag me an amazing kosher meal."

"Well, if someone did that for me, I'd have a hard time crying too. But for serious, Rache, don't feel bad. If anything, be glad Carla's not suffering anymore. She was terribly sick. Now she's in a better place."

"...You really think so?"

"Absolutely. Now. I am gonna cheer you up, hot pants. The thermostat's at 72, heat's on, and the rest of tonight is all ours. So let's put that delightful nondenominational fireplace log on TV, make some cocoa, snuggle up, and...see where it goes from there."

"...Oh?"

"Mm."

"...Are you seducing me after we just came home from a funeral?"

"Do bunnies fuck like you do?...One thing doesn't have to have anything to do with the other, my lovely nympho. Besides, sooner or later, there's gonna be a first time after every occasion. Seems to me now's as good a time as any."

"Hmm. Well...you are kind of a natural aphrodisiac for me."

"And, eh...Carla would've wanted you to get lucky this afternoon."

"Y'know, I, uh...I think you're right. She was a good friend."

"Hee hee...c'mere. Gimme those lips. All four of 'em."

"Mmmmm...Happy Hanukkah to me."

"And this time, I'll be the disobedient slave girl, and you can be the evil empress."

"Mrrrraaaoow."

 *****