 Bored stiff, Sophie picked up the remote and flicked through the channels; discovering there was nothing on worth watching, she sighed, dropped it back on the coffee table and slumped back on the sofa. Babysitting on a Saturday night wasn't exactly the twenty year olds idea of fun, but Dylan was always well behaved and she didn't mind helping out Janice, her Mum's best friend. They had been friends ever since Sophie and her parents Claire and Robert moved in across the road almost twelve years ago.

Janice was a little younger than Claire, somewhere around early thirties. That night she had gone to meet up with someone she had found on a dating website, which was why Sophie was on babysitting duty. Janice had decided it was time to move on since she had split up with Dylan's father almost two years ago; although Sophie didn't hold out much hope for her, the last two she had met online turned out to be disasters so there was no reason to think this one would be any different.

"Hmm, quarter to twelve, she should be back in a bit," she muttered to herself. Sure enough, a few minutes later she heard the key turning in the front door.

"Hiya love," Janice smiled, flopping down in the armchair, "was he good for you?"

"Yeah he was fine, I let him watch the TV 'til eight and then put him to bed at half past."

"Oh good."

"Come on then, what was he like?" Sophie asked eagerly.

"Oh God!" Janice groaned, "It was a bloody nightmare, I'll just get the wine from the fridge."

"Oh, okay."

Getting the wine, Janice poured two glasses and handed one to the young redhead.

"So come on, tell all, what was his name again?"

"Dean, you remember I showed you a picture of him."

"Oh, him; he was a bit younger than you wasn't he?" Sophie smiled, raising her eyebrows.

"Twenty two; I knew I was taking a risk with someone that young," she groaned, taking a sip from her glass.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, do you remember me saying that he liked cars?"

"Yeah."

"Well tonight I found out how much."

"Oh right, go on."

"Well I left here at seven didn't I? And he said he'd pick me up at the top of the road, right?"

"Right."

"Well I'm bloody glad he picked me up there rather than here."

"Why?" asked Sophie, bemused.

"You ought to have seen the thing he turned up in; some souped up thing covered in stickers with a stupid wing thing on the back, honestly it looked like one of Dylan's Hot Wheels."

"Oh my God," the young girl sniggered.

"Oh and get this, he only asked me to take my fucking shoes off before I got in!" Janice scowled, finishing her drink and pouring herself another.

"You're kidding! What a twat."

"I know, and that's not the worst of it; you'll never guess where he took me."

"Where?"

"To a bloody car park on an industrial estate!" 

"A car park? What the hell for?"

"It was one of those cruise things where they all turn up in their jazzed up cars and thrash them up and down the road. I tell you I felt a right tit; there's me all dressed up thinking we would be going to a nice restaurant or a club and I end up standing in a freezing car park watching these knob-heads race about like they're in fast and furious!" Janice ranted, rolling her eyes.

"Oh brilliant!" Sophie laughed, "Anything else?"

"Oh yeah; on the way back we got a pizza and then he tried to talk me into parking up in Stanthorne Lane for a 'chat', as he put it."

"Ohhh yeah?" Sophie smirked, "so what did you say?"

"I told him I couldn't and that I had to get back because I had an early start in the morning; so he dropped me off at the end of the road and that was it."

"So I take it you won't be seeing him again then?" the young redhead giggled.

"You must be bloody joking! If taking me to a boy racer's convention and then buying a manky pizza is his idea of a date, he needn't think he's getting into my knickers!" the brunette huffed, folding her arms.

"Jan!" Sophie shrieked, spitting her wine everywhere as she burst out laughing.

"Well, what a cheap bastard! It might have worked with the other girlies he's been with, but I'm thirty two for fuck sake!"

"So, are you going to keep searching or are you going to leave it for a while?"

"Bollocks to it," Janice sighed, "I think I'll give it a miss for a bit."

"I think that might be best," Sophie giggled, topping up their glasses.

As they sat chatting, Sophie discreetly cast her eyes over her friend, smiling to herself as she imagined her standing there in a car park all dressed up in her best black dress and heels. Janice was a very striking looking woman with a tall, slender figure and long legs. Her long flowing hair was dark, almost black, contrasting sharply with her pale ivory skin and her sharp facial features were further complimented by her beautiful piercing blue eyes. Sophie had always thought she was very attractive, although she had never actually told her.

She on the other hand was a rather plain looking girl. She was quite short and a little overweight with chunky thighs, big boobs and a curvy bum. Her reddish brown hair was cut short and spiky on top with the fringe dyed blonde, a style which didn't really suit her soft rounded features with her sweet smile and warm brown eyes. Dressed in her usual black leggings and a blue baggy jumper, she could not be more of a contrast to Janice.

"Anyway, are you still with Lee?" asked Janice as she went to get another bottle from the fridge.

"No, we split up."

"Oh, sorry love," Janice smiled apologetically.

"It's okay," the young girl shrugged, "he was a bit of a dick anyway."

"Huh, neither of us is having much luck at the moment are we?" Janice sighed, topping up their glasses.

"Nope."

Getting together with Lee had been a bad idea from the start but thankfully it didn't last long. Like most of the other lads on the estate, he was immature and only interested in one thing, well, that and getting stoned. When one night she turned down his advances, he called her a 'fat little dyke' and stormed off. He called her later to apologise, she told him to fuck off and that was the end of that. Since then, she had decided to take a break from lads, relationships and all that crap. As the wine flowed, along with the laughter, both of them were starting to feel more than a little woozy.

"Bloody hell Janice! How strong is this stuff?" Sophie giggled, flopping down on the sofa next to her. 

"Dunno," the older woman shrugged, "but it seems to be doing the trick. God; that has got to be one of the crappiest dates I've ever been on."

"Twat! then again, aren't they all?" Sophie slurred, giggling as she topped up her glass yet again.

"Quite right babe, bollocks to the lot of them!"

Leaning over, Janice clinked her glass against Sophie's. Just for a split second, their eyes met and a strange sensation jolted through both of them. Smiling awkwardly, Sophie looked down at the coffee table and gave a long sigh.

"I suppose I'd better get going in a minute, Mum will be wondering where I am," she said quietly as she gently ran her finger round the rim of her glass.

"She knows where you are, you might as well stay and finish this bottle off first," said Janice, topping up her glass.

"Erm...yeah go on then."

A short while later after finishing off the last of the wine, Sophie looked up at the clock.

"Jesus, it's twenty to two! I really am going to have to go now Jan."

"Okay babe," the older woman smiled, "thanks for staying for a bit and cheering me up."

"No problem, It was fun."

Getting up off the sofa, the pair wobbled into the hallway and Sophie put her coat on.

"See you soon," said Janice, hugging the young redhead. She then went to kiss her on the cheek but she moved and ended up kissing her on the lips instead. Again that same sensation flashed through them but this time it was more intense. Pulling away a little, they looked into each other's eyes, their pulses racing as they edged closer until their lips met. This time Janice gently pushed her tongue into Sophie's mouth, the young girl instantly responding in kind, mewling wantonly as she felt the older woman's palms smooth over her lycra covered bum cheeks and softly squeeze the ample curves. Suddenly they were snapped out of the moment by Sophie's mobile ringing; breaking off the kiss, she pulled it from her pocket.

"Oh shit!" she panicked, swiping the phone, "Hi Mum."

"Where the hell are you love? It's nearly two o' clock," Claire said irritably.

"Sorry, I'm still at Jan's, we had a few drinks after she got back and we just lost track of time."

"Right, well come on, get yourself back over here now please."

"Okay see you in a minute Mum, bye."

"Bye love."

Putting the phone back in her pocket, Sophie looked at Janice, neither of them really knowing what to say. Eventually the young girl managed to break the awkward silence.

"What the hell just happened?" she asked, her voice faltering slightly.

"I...I don't know," Janice muttered, looking down at the floor, "it just...Sophie I couldn't hel-"

"I've got to go now," Sophie interrupted, feeling her face blushing as she made her way towards the front door.

"Sophie wait...I-"

"I can't, I'll...I'll speak to you tomorrow."

With that, she closed the front door behind her. Just for a second, Janice wanted to go after her, but then thought better of it. Sighing, she sat down on the stairs, head in her hands.

"Shit; why the hell did I just do that?" she groaned, rubbing her eyes...

Crossing the road, Sophie wobbled up the path and fished around in her coat pocket for her front door key, her head still spinning from what had just happened, although all the alcohol she had consumed might have had something to do with it. Finding the key, she opened the door and staggered inside to find her Mum standing in the hallway.

"Oh...hello."

"About bloody time," Claire sighed, arms folded.

"Sorry Mum," Sophie smiled awkwardly as she hung up her coat.

"Go on, you'd better get off to bed, you've got work in the morning remember."

"Okay...night Mum."

"Night love."

Smiling and shaking her head as she watched her daughter stagger up the stairs and into her room, she then followed her up and went to bed.

Getting undressed, Sophie slipped into bed and lay there in the dark trying to make sense of what had happened. Why had Janice done that? Why had she not stopped her? And how much further would they have gone if they hadn't been interrupted? She had never done anything like that with another woman before and she'd never thought for a minute that Janice was that way inclined. Even more alarming, every time she thought about the kiss it gave her butterflies in her stomach and made her clit tingle. Closing her eyes, she slowly moved her hand down her soft belly and gently ran her fingers over the tuft of hair, letting out a lustful gasp as they reached her stiffening bud.

"Mmm...oh God...Jan," she groaned, stroking her fingers harder, her mind playing the scene over and over as she neared orgasm. Turning her face into the pillow, she pushed two fingers deep into her soaked pussy, thrusting them faster as the waves began to build. Seconds later, she bit into the pillow and screamed as the brief climax burst within her. As the wonderful feeling passed, her body eventually relaxed, an ecstatic groan escaping her lips. Despite relieving the tension, Sophie couldn't escape the strange feeling of guilt and embarrassment at what she had just done.

'Oh my God,' she thought, swallowing hard as she felt herself blushing. 'I can't believe I just masturbated over my Mum's best friend. What the fuck is happening to me?'

It was to be another hour before she eventually drifted off to sleep.

*************

The shrill beeping of her alarm clock brought her out of her slumber. Sitting up, she switched it off and rubbed her eyes.

"Up at half seven on a Sunday morning, I must be bloody mad," she yawned, putting on her slippers and dressing gown and trudging off to the bathroom for a shower. 

"Sophie love, I've made you a brew!" her Mum yelled up from the kitchen.

"Thanks Mum I'll be down in a minute!"

Ten minutes later she came downstairs dressed in her uniform. She worked at Lyndhurst's, a small florist in the town centre. Once or twice a month she had to do the Sunday morning shift, nine 'til one. Usually she hated it but after what had happened last night she was glad to have something to occupy her mind. Still yawning and rubbing her eyes, she picked up her mug of tea and took a sip.

"Feeling a little rough are we?" Claire smirked.

"Mmm, a bit."

"It's a good your job your Dad's away with his work, he would have kicked off, coming in at two in the morning in that state."

"I know," Sophie groaned, "don't worry Mum it won't happen again."

"Hmm yeah, I'm sure; how did Jan's date go then?"

"Another disaster, he was a knob."

"Huh, surprise surprise," Claire smiled, taking a sip of her mug, "I don't know why she bothers with those websites."

"I don't she's going to any more, right Mum I'd better get going."

"Alright love, see you later."

Kissing her Mum on the cheek, she went out of the back door and got her bike from the shed. Whenever the weather was good, Sophie always preferred to cycle to work rather than take the bus and this morning it was bright and sunny but not too warm. Pushing the bike out on to the road, she zipped up her jacket and set off.

About twenty minutes later she pulled up outside the shop. Tina the owner, a buxom brunette in her fifties, was already outside setting up the displays.

"Morning," she chirped.

"Morning."

"You alright luvvie? You look a bit tired."

"Had a bit too much last night."

"Ohh dear," Tina smiled, shaking her head, "come on; get the rest of your gear on and you can help me with these."

"Okay."

Although Sophie enjoyed her job on the whole, one other thing she hated as well as working Sundays was the uniform. It consisted of black trousers, a green shirt, a hideous bright yellow apron and worst of all, a straw boater hat with a green ribbon tied round it. Checking in the mirror it was straight; she rolled her eyes and headed back outside.

"Oh there you are," Tina smiled, "can you just move those carnations for me please luvvie?"

"Okay."

"Then can you make a start on those freesias in the back please?"

"Yep."

Despite it only being a four hour shift, the time had seemed to drag really slowly. She had worked virtually nonstop, apart from a ten minute break, sorting out all the stock in the back room. Looking at her watch, she gave a sigh of relief.

"Thank God for that, half an hour to go," she muttered to herself. Just then, Tina popped her head round the door.

"Sophie, there's someone here to see you."

"Me?"

"Yep."

"Oh...okay," the young girl shrugged, wiping her hands.

Walking through to the front of the shop, her insides turned to water when she found Janice standing there at the counter, dressed in pair of tight jeans and white long sleeved sweater.

"Hello," she smiled.

"Hi," replied Sophie, smiling nervously and looking over at Tina.

"Er...oh right...I'll erm...just go and erm..." her boss smiled, heading into the back room.

"What are you doing here?" Sophie whispered anxiously.

"I just needed to talk to you about last night," Janice replied quietly, "you finish at one don't you?"

"Yes, why?"

"Well maybe I could pick you up and we could go somewhere and...erm...talk."

Sophie thought for a second, she knew they were both going to have to deal with it sooner or later. Looking at the older woman, she took a deep breath.

"Okay, but where? And what am I going to do with my bike?"

"Can't you leave it here?"

"I could, but my Mum will think it's a bit strange if I come home without it, won't she?"

"Hmm, alright, we'll try and put it in the back of my car."

"Okay, I'll have to get back to work now, I'll meet round the corner in Stourbridge Road in a bit," Sophie whispered, convinced her boss was listening in the back room.

"Okay," Janice smiled, "see you in a bit; love the hat by the way."

With her stomach churning, Sophie watched her leave, unaware Tina was now standing right behind her.

"Friend of yours?" she asked, making Sophie spin round in surprise.

"Erm yes...well, neighbour actually," the young redhead replied, flustered, "she was just asking me if I could...erm...babysit for her tonight."

"Oh right."

"I'll just go and finish off in there then." 

"Okay luvvie," said Tina, smiling as she watched her young assistant go scurrying off into the back room.

A short while later Sophie found Janice waiting for her in Stourbridge Road. Folding the back seats down, they easily managed to fit the bike in the back of Janice's Mazda.

"Right, where are we going?" asked Sophie as she settled into the passenger seat and put on her seatbelt.

"I'm not sure, we could just drive around for a bit."

"How about Beckton lake? We could go there," the redhead suggested.

"Okay," Janice smiled, turning the key.

Other than Janice asking Sophie the odd question about work, the pair sat in a rather awkward and charged silence. Eventually arriving at the lake, Janice switched off the engine and turned to her passenger.

"Do you want to go for a walk?"

Nodding, Sophie undid her seatbelt and the pair got out. Surprisingly for a summer's day it was virtually deserted, save for a couple of dog walkers and a single canoeist. Locking up the car, they set off round the edge of the lake. 

"So, do you want to start or shall I?" Sophie asked nervously.

"Erm...no it's okay I will. Did it creep you out what happened?"

"No no of course not, it just came as a bit of a shock that's all; if it had creeped me out, I would have stopped you wouldn't I?"

"So you didn't feel like I forced myself on you?" the older woman asked worriedly, "I didn't get a wink of sleep."

"Don't be silly Jan, of course I didn't, we both wanted it didn't we? If it hadn't been for my Mum ringing, we could have...well...we might have...well, you know," Sophie muttered, looking across the lake at the canoeist.

"Yes, I know," Janice replied quietly, smiling at the young girl's bashfulness.

Walking over towards the woods at the corner of the lake, Janice turned to her.

"So, you would have been fine if it had gone further?"

"Erm...I suppose so, yes," Sophie shrugged as they stopped by a large oak tree. Leaning against it, the young girl closed her eyes and smiled as the warm sunlight flickered through the canopy and danced across her face. Watching her, Janice felt that same butterfly sensation she had felt last night building in the pit of her stomach. Unable to resist, she stepped over and gently kissed Sophie's neck, extracting a relaxed groan from the young redhead.

"Kiss me," she whispered, looking straight into Janice's eyes.

Janice crushed her lips against Sophie's, their tongues entwining and their hands smoothing over each other as the feelings from last night gripped them once more. Breaking off the kiss, Janice looked longingly into the young girl's eyes.

"Can't we go back to your house?" Sophie pleaded, her breathing becoming more fevered.

"Too risky, what if your Mum comes across?"

"Hmmm," the young girl sighed, looking down at the floor, "there must be somewhere we can go."

"I've got an idea, come on," Janice chirped, grabbing Sophie's hand and leading her back to the car.

"Where are we going?"

"Trust me, come on."

Getting back in the car, they headed back towards town. Taking the turning for the dual carriageway, Janice drove along it for a couple of miles before pulling up outside the Travelodge.

"Here?" asked Sophie, a surprised tone in her voice.

"Why not?" Janice smiled, undoing her seatbelt, "come on."
