 Normally I hate going to the dentist, but today was different. My regular dentist had retired, and a new young, handsome dentist had taken his place. The dental hygienist was an absolutely gorgeous, very vivacious woman with lovely, long, brown hair with reddish highlights in it. The exam by the dentist had gone quickly with the two trading lightly veiled sexual banter. I soon learned that they were engaged. I thought they would make a handsome couple.

What made my day was that as the lovely dental assistant, Elexus, moved around of the chair, she kept looking at me closely, her lovely brown eyes taking my body in. 

I’m a woman, and I really felt the vibes coming from her. I had on a rather sheer blouse and my sexy, lacy slip and bra showed through. I kept getting glances from her at my rather full breasts. My nipples showed through, hard points that were getting harder the more she looked at them. 

I lay back in the chair with my elbows out to the side. She kept brushing against my arm, and I could feel her firm thighs against my arm. I moved my arm once, then decided to leave it there and see what she would do.

As the dentist looked in my mouth, and checked my teeth, she moved to stand beside me. Lexus leaned over to help, and my elbow was right against her crotch. I didn’t move it an inch, and as she worked, leaning over, she pressed her pussy against my elbow. It couldn’t have been accidental. They carried on their spirited jokes, with sexual innuendos, and I couldn’t help but feel that he knew exactly what she was doing. I cut my eyes over to her beautiful face, but she seemed to avoid eye contact with me, as if she were all business. 

Her prominent pubic mound pressed against my elbow, and as she moved, it pressed firmly as if she were subtly masturbating against it. She was not hunching it, but as her pubic mound slid along my elbow, I could actually feel the furrow of her pussy slide along the bone of my elbow. Damn! I lay back, closed my eyes, and just let the sexy feelings flow over me. I consider myself bisexual, and absolutely loved every minute of it. 

Hearing the two tease each other with little sexy jokes, and being aware he must know exactly what she was doing, got me hotter by the minute. I would have loved to have slid my hand down and rubbed my now dripping pussy, but I let my pussy simmer, and could feel my clit getting hard, and my pussy lubricating freely. My nipples continued to grow firmer. I managed to cut my eyes down when he took his fingers out of my mouth and found them tenting the thin material alarmingly! I must have been giving them quite a show of my arousal. 

Damn she was really doing a number on me, and I loved every second of it. I wondered if her fiancé had a raging hard-on watching her almost fuck my elbow. For their benefit I wiggled my hips just a little and squeezed my thighs together, just to let them know it was affecting me. I decided to play their little sex game too!

Finally the dentist was through, and told me that my teeth were fine and only needed a cleaning, and Lexus would ‘take good care of me’, his exact words. He gave her a quick kiss and told her he would see her later, and to lock up after I had left. I was the last appointment in the day, and all the other office help had gone home. 

Lexus excused her self, and told me she had to make sure the doors were locked. I slid my hand down inside my pantsuit, and rubbed my very hot pussy through my panties till I heard her coming back.

“Well, we are all alone.” Lexus said as she came back in. She leaned over and began to clean my teeth. Once again she moved to the side and her thighs slid against my arm, and pressed firmly against it. I held my arm steady and enjoyed the feel of her pussy pressing against my flesh. Her mound was firm, yet soft as she moved, working back and forth putting the cleaning paste on the dental tool, then rubbing it back and forth. As she did, her pussy rubbed against my arm. 

Finally I could stand it no longer and as she moved away a little I raised my elbow slightly to press firmly against her crotch. She looked down at me and her beautiful brown eyes sparkled. I pressed upward still more, and saw her eyes closed for a moment. 

“Lexus, I love the feel of your pussy against my elbow. Would you like me to move it, and put my hand there?” I asked as she took the tool out of my mouth momentarily. 

“Ohh, God, I’d love it. This has gotten me so excited! I was teasing Pat, and he could see I was rubbing my pussy against your arm just to tease him. I’ve never done it before, but it really got him hot. I could see him having to adjust his cock behind you a couple of times. He’s hinted at me having a threesome with a woman, but I just didn’t know. Today I decided to see what he would do. He loved it. I could tell you didn’t mind.” She hesitated a moment. “If you had moved your arm back, I wouldn’t have done it. I could tell you were enjoying it too.”

“Lexus, I consider myself bi, and have had several wonderful love affairs with women. I knew you had to be hot as I am. You were driving me wild with your elbow. I just rubbed my pussy while you were out checking the doors.” I said turning toward her. 

I reached out and ran my hand around and cupped her firm ass and pulled it closer to me. She stepped closer and I dropped my hand down and ran it up her leg. She wore a dress uniform, and I slid it up her stocking clad leg. She sighed as my warm hand moved between the stocking top and her panties. She spread her thighs a little and I ran my hand around to the front and rubbed her pubic mound. She gasped as I ran my knuckles gently up and down her pussy, pressing inward slightly at the top. 

“Ohh, that feels so good, I’m so hot. I’ve never done this before. I’ve thought about it, but never actually been with a woman before.” She gasped as my knuckle pressed inward finding her clit. I moved my knuckles up and down, gently but firmly over her clit. I could imagine it getting firmer as I rubbed over it. 

“Take your panties off.” I said quietly. “Let me finger fuck you while you finish up. I guarantee you’ll love it! She stepped back, slid her dress and slip upward, and quickly slid her panties off. I got a quick glimpse of her white thighs and neat brown clad mound. She stepped out of them, I held out my hand. I took them and put them to my nose, smelled her arousal. I turned them a little and looked at the large slightly darker wet spot at the crotch. “Look how wet they are. You really got excited didn’t you?”

She swallowed, then nodded her head. I took the wet spot, and to her surprise slid my tongue out and licked it. “Mnn, delicious, I want to taste you. I love to taste a woman’s excited pussy.”

“God, I don’t believe this!” Lexus said her voice hoarse with passion. “ I have to finish you up though.” She said gulping, and moving back close to me. 

I slid my hand back under her dress, and as she moved her hips back a little, I ran my hand over her firm soft ass stroking it. She skin was so soft and hot, and she trembled a little. As she worked I stroked her ass, then moved my hand up and down her hot, velvet smooth thighs. She moaned from time to time. 

The cleaning tool slipped slightly and I winced. She apologized, but I told her it didn’t really hurt. Hell, I’d been the one that had distracted her from her job. 

She moved to the other side, and this time I ran my hand up between her thighs. She sighed, spread her thighs a little, and I ran my hand up and down the inner surface of her thigh, teasing her. Slowly I slid my hand upward, carefully sliding a finger into the firm crevice, and found her very wet pussy. She stopped working a moment, and her thighs spread wider. I slid a finger carefully up inside her hot tight pussy. 

Slowly I pressed upward, till my finger was buried as far as I could into her. She sighed deeply as I began to slowly finger fuck her. I took my other hand and ran it down and pressed inward against my own pussy rubbing my clit through my clothes. 

“How much longer, till you are through?” I asked, my voice a little hoarse with the building passion, when she took the tool out of my mouth a moment.

Her voice was shaky. “About 10 minutes.”

“Let me up.” I said sitting up. She moved back and I stood up. I pulled her close, kissed her briefly, then turned her around. I unzipped her dress, pulled it away from her body, and let it slide down. She wore a lovely white slip under it and I took that off, leaving her in her sexy white bra, and white hose held up by a lacy garter belt.

“There, that looks better.” I said. I unbuttoning my blouse and laid it aside. I took off my pants and laid them aside also. Her eyes took in every motion, and looked at my body as I undressed. I slipped my panties and bra off, and was glad I wore my sexiest ones today. I slipped my shoes off and stood nude before her. I got back in the chair. I spread my thighs, and she put the protective towel back around my neck. 

“I can’t believe I’m doing this. I have a good friend from dental school. I’ll just have to tell her about this. We never made it together, but kidded around a lot about it.” Lexus said moving back to finish up my teeth. She let her hand brush my breasts from time to time. 

I slid my hand out and ran it up and down her thighs. I let my fingers be my eyes, and enjoyed the feel of her hot thighs above her stockings. I slid my hand back up and she spread her thighs a little wider, letting my fingers find her pussy again. I slipped my finger back inside her, slowly moving it in and out. When she began to get a little hotter, and wetter, I slid a second finger up inside her. Her pussy was wet and very tight. I wondered if she and Pat had fucked. I imagined they had, and her tight pussy would be a wonderful fit over his thrusting cock. I put my other hand down between my widespread thighs, and began to finger my pussy slowly, teasing my hard clit. 

Her eyes moved down. “Your pussy is so beautiful. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen one that is completely bare. I love the look of it. I can’t believe you’re finger fucking me while I’m cleaning your teeth, and oh, God, you are fucking yourself too. God, I’m so hot. I think I’m going to have to cum. I’m almost shaking I’m so hot. Please, make me cum! Ohh, please!” She gave a quavering cry as she moved back a little, lifted her leg and put it on the dental chair, opening herself up for me.

She grabbed the arm of the chair and the upright on the dental machine and closed her eyes. I slid my fingers up inside her rapidly, and as I did I crossed and rotated my fingers, a trick I had learned years before from a very knowledgeable lady teacher who had seduced me in college. My own fingers played over my aching, and very hard clit, at the same time, in rhythm with my fingers sliding up inside her lovely body. Just looking at her beautiful semi-nude body raised my lust to a fever pitch. 

Lexus began to cry out as she neared her climax. I was glad no one else was in the building as her cries echoed through the clinic. “Ohh, yes! Fuck me. Fuck my pussy! Ohhh, I’m cumming. Ohhhhhhhh! Yessssss!” She screamed as her head went back, her face distorted by passion. I could feel her pussy clamp around my thrusting fingers, and I drove them hard and fast up inside her beautiful body. Her passion triggered mine and I climaxed along with her, filling the room with my own cries of passion. I loved the feel of her pussy tightening down on my fingers, and my hips thrust upward as my passion coursed through my body. I had a fantastic climax as I drove her to a sobbing moaning climax. 

Her body went limp and she had to hold onto the machine for support. I slid my fingers out of her drenched pussy. I looked over and saw that her thighs were wet with her juices. She stood panting. I slid my fingers from my pussy and they were wet and gleaming. I beckoned her to come closer and kissed her gently. I put my hand up to her face, and slid my still pussy-wet fingers to her mouth. She hesitated a long moment, then opened her mouth, and I slid the slick fingers inside her mouth. She closed her lips around them, and sucked my pussy juices from them. I felt her tongue slide over my fingers. She pulled back, her face aglow. 

“I did it, I sucked your pussy juices off of your fingers. I didn’t know if I could do it, but I did, and I liked it. God, you taste delicious. That is a first for me. Thank you!” She said kissing me again. “Dammit, I have to finish your teeth.” She said stepping back and took several deep breaths to calm herself.

She leaned over me, and as she cleaned my teeth, I slowly stroked her shapely legs, stomach, and firm ass, keeping my hands out of, and off of, her pussy. I slid my hands up and down her inner thigh, and they were still wet from her abundant juices. 

Finally she put the chair upright and told me to rinse my mouth. I did, and slid out of the chair. She moved to me and pulled me into her arms. Her lips met mine, and we kissed gently at first, but quickly became more passionate. I reached back and found the clasps to her bra and undid it. I pulled back slightly and pulled her bra off. Her lovely full breasts settled only slightly, superb rounded globes, perfect. I slid a hand up and cupped one warm soft breast. Her nipple was firm and erect. Her fingers did the same to me, and we stood body-to-body, hips pressing together. She had on only her low quarter shoes and her white hose and garter belt. I am tall and slender, and it made our heights almost even. 

Our hands moved up and down while we kissed, becoming more passionate ever minute. Her tongue slid in and out of my mouth, and she was a very skillful and passionate kisser. 

I pushed her back. “God, you are a wonderful kisser, I want to feel that wonderful tongue of yours in my pussy, and I want to taste you!” I said looking into her lovely deep brown eyes. 

“I’ve never done this before.” She said a little hesitantly. “But I want to with you. Now!” She turned and pulled me after her. She led me into the women’s restroom, where there was a large soft couch, long enough for us to lie down on. I stood naked before her. I’m quite an exhibitionist and loved it when her eyes traveled up and down my body. I stay in shape and Lexus was very fit and trim too. 

“You are so beautiful.” She said and started to take her stockings off.

“Leave them on, and your garter belt too. I think they are so damn sexy, and I love the look they give you. Your legs are so damn sexy, and I think the white stockings complement your legs, and frame that delicious looking pussy.” I said pulling her close. While we kissed, she slipped her shoes off.

I sat down on the sofa, spread my thighs, and pulled her to me. I began kissing her full and rounded breasts. The large areolas were light chocolate brown, the nipples firm and jutting. I sucked one and nibbled on it with my teeth gently while I slid my hand back to her still wet crotch and cupped it. Her hands went behind my head pressing it against her soft breast. I nibbled on her firm nipple while I slid my finger along her slit once more, sliding it up and down her slippery pussy. Her pubic hair was trimmed close in a bikini cut. I found her clit, firm again, and began to slowly stroke it. 

Lexus moaned against me, and I could feel her clit grow rapidly harder, under the rolling motion of my finger. I cupped her other breast and kneaded it gently, feeling it swell under my hands. This lady was very hot. 

“Ohh, I’ve wanted this to happen for so very long. I watched porn movies of women together with Pat, and they always got me so hot. I think he knows that. That’s why he left us alone. He never leaves till I leave, or we make love here, on this couch. He knew I wanted you. I was teasing him, and getting so hot doing it. Ohhh, yessss, like that. Sooo good!” She moaned as I rolled her clit and strummed it rapidly with my finger. I slid my finger down and moved it up into her tight pussy. Her knees almost buckled. 

“Lie down, before you fall down.” I laughed looking up at her beautiful face. She needed no urging, lay down and spread her thighs wide for me. I slid my finger up inside her once more, then another beside it. “ Lexus, you are to tight. I’ll bet Pat loves to fuck your pussy. Have you been fucking long?” I asked leaning over and kissing her soft lips. Her tongue slid out to play with mine. We kissed as I slowly finger fucked her sopping pussy. I began to rotate my fingers inside her as I pumped them in and out of her tight sex. I pulled back a little to let her answer.

“No, just the last month or so. Ohhh, yes, like that! I wanted to wait till we were married, but got so hot; I had to let him fuck me. I was a virgin in name only. I’d broken my cherry with my vibrator and fingers. Mnnn, ohh! He still has to go slow fucking me. He’s rather large and long. Oh! I guess -- I’ll get –mnnn - used to him. Ohhh, yes, you finger fuck me soooo fucking good! How do you do that? Yesss! It feels so wonderful and different from when Pat does it. Mnn. So much better! Ohhh! Shit, I’m going to cum! Ohhh make me cum again, pleaseeeeeeeeeee!” 

I willingly obliged her. She screamed as her body went rigid. Her hips shot off the couch, her head went back, and she cried out over and over as she climaxed. I thrust hard up inside her, driving her on. My tongue slid into her mouth, and our tongues thrust and fenced. Her orgasm seemed to go on and on, till finally she fell back spent, gasping for breath. I kissed her cheek gently and stroked her magnificent body. I was in awe; she was so beautiful and so damn sexy too. Her face and body could have graced the centerfold of any Men’s magazine. 

When she had caught her breath, she pulled my face down to hers and kissed me, sliding her long talented tongue inside my mouth. She was a superb French kisser and it made me really hot. My pussy was dripping. I waited, I wanted to let her go at her own pace, but I wanted that talented tongue in my pussy. 

“I really don’t know how to do this.” She said looking a little worried. 

“Lexus, Honey, you are doing fine. You are a terrific French kisser, and just keep doing what you are doing. You’ll know what to do when you get to where you are going. Forget everything but just feeling my body with your hands, lips, and tongue. Just enjoy yourself!” I said knowing she’d make a wonderful lover. Most women know what they like done to their bodies, and almost instinctively do it to their partner. I’ve never had a bad woman lover. I’ve taught them a few refinements and tricks they didn’t know about.

We kissed for a while and her hands began to explore my breasts, cupping and kneading them gently. She became bolder and she moved down a little and began to kiss and lick my breasts. She sucked my nipples to make them harder, if possible, while her tongue played little games with them. Her hands kneaded and stroked my breasts till they were swollen with passion. Her eyes ran over my body as if she were memorizing every square inch of it. 

I kept telling her how wonderful she was doing, and I wasn’t exaggerated. She seemed a natural. She seemed to love sucking and licking my nipples till finally they were impossibly long, hard points pushing way up, longer than I could ever remember them being before. 

She switched to rolling them between her fingers back and forth, and pulled on them. She kept pulling harder and harder, as if to see how much I liked it. I loved the pain and arched my chest upward toward her. She bent down and took one nipple between her teeth and nipped it. I closed my eyes and moaned a long “Yesssss!” She bit down harder, raking the nipple with her teeth. I reached up and caught her head and pushed it against my breast and my fingernails cut into her scalp. She bit harder. I screamed in joy, not pain, and almost climaxed is felt so damn good. 
