 This is a true story; that is, the events are true although the timing as been condensed for artistic licence and the names have been changed to protect the innocent.

I am around forty and am bi female. I have two children and even though I am married, I was sexually unfulfilled for years. I decided as an early New Year resolution I would be more adventuring with my sex life. My first response had always been to say “no” to any advances, so I tried to change this with mixed results. 

I attended the office Christmas party and managed to get myself pretty much, well, drunk. In the process of getting inebriated, I tried to come onto Maurice, a good looking bloke from the accounts section. He was being very nice and I was all over him like a rash. In the end he offered to drive me home, as I had come to the party in a taxi setting out to be picked up, I accepted. I managed to sputter out my address for him, and then proceeded to nearly pass out when we got in the car. When we arrived at my address, the car finally came to a stop at the front gate. Maurice, ever the gentleman, came round to my side and opened the door for me, but I fell out onto the street. I found myself on my knees and thought, since I was done there anyway, I might as well reward him for getting me home. As I reached unsteadily for his zipper; he grabbed me by the arms and dragged me to my feet. He wouldn’t take advantage of me while I was drunk, such a gentleman! He wanted me, or so he said, but only when he could be sure that I wanted him and not just from the drink. He managed to get me to my door and I groped ungainly for my door key. He took the keys as I was about to drop them and unlocked the door for me. He made sure I was safe inside, bid me goodnight and left. I was too drunk to care and managed to stumble off to bed.

It was several weeks after the party before I returned his calls. I apologised for my behaviour and thanked him for being the perfect gentleman. When he invited me for a drink I could hardly refuse. 

We met one night after work. I had told hubby I would need to work late and asked him to take care of the kids for me. A man from accounts was coming down to take a look at my “particulars.” The pub Maurice chose was a bit up-market, but what the hell he was paying.

After a few drinks, he asked if he could take up on my offer from the other night. My old “no thanks” was about to come out, but I was able to stop and a very unsteady, slightly excited ok, fell from my lips.

Maurice took me to a room in the pubs hotel. Once inside, we were both unsure how to proceed. I was too sober to start anything and he was too shy and timid to do anything. He stared at me and offered another drink. Not wanting to get drunk again, I told him I would like to freshen up a little. Once in the bathroom, my nerves got to me. Before I could change my mind, I decided to undress. I slipped a towel around myself and was about to open the door when I thought, no, drop the towel let him see what he is getting. I maybe forty, but I’m still in good shape. Alright the hips are carrying a bit of weight and the tits aren’t as perky, but after two children, who’s he expecting Kate Moss? After my self pep-talk, I opened the door.

I let the towel fall slowly to the floor and walked out into centre of the room. With a swing of the hips and a cat like grace, I stopped and posed at the foot of the bed. As I looked around I saw Maurice’s clothes neatly folded on a chair, his socks tucked into his shoes and he tucked neatly. The cover was folded down and the sheet was covering him from his toes to his chin.

I almost got my clothes and walked out then but my sense of pride, and duty forced me to get on with it. I marched over to the bed ripped the sheet down and jumped on the bed next to him. I reached up to kiss him but his eyes were shut and his mouth open. It was like kissing a wet fish (don’t ask how I know, that’s another story). I left his lips and kissed my way down to his penis (I wouldn’t dignify it with the term cock) and took the whole limp two and one half inches into my mouth. After a few strokes from my tongue I started to feel a reaction. At this point his hands came down and stopped me from further ministrations. Thinking back, I should have been prepared for what came next, “Don’t waste it.” he rolled me over, spread my legs and entered me. I wasn’t wet or in the least bit prepared but to be honest, with his size it didn’t really matter. One or two strokes and he came. He rolled off me, reached for a tissue then headed for the bathroom. With a tissue in one hand and his clothes in the other, it was over. He dressed and left saying I could stay as long as he liked he had already paid for the room.

Well if nothing else, he made me appreciate the feeble attempts at foreplay made by my husband.

During the few weeks prior and a few weeks after my traumatic and totally unfulfilling “affair” I had been making friends with a young temp at work. Three students had been hired to work over the slow holiday period. The firm was moving my office and they were needed to help box everything in preparation for the move. There were two boys and a very pretty young girl. Her name was Pauline and we had been having coffee together these past few weeks. She had despite her age, a very dominant personality. On the students last day, Pauline and I arranged to go out for lunch. We chose a quite bar not far from the office, and ordered some drinks. We sat in a booth at the far end of the bar, and acted almost like sisters. 

Pauline was the extroverted talkative type, and thankfully she was never uninteresting or boring. After a time my failed sexual foray came into the discussion. Pauline listened quietly and made sympathetic noises, while I told her my sad story. When I had finished I was almost in tears, then Pauline leaned across the table and kissed me gently but firmly on the mouth. It was a gesture of compassion and friendship but the thrill and sense of excitement it gave me was beyond anything I had previously known. She could obviously sense my excitement and suggested I come back to her place. I called the office on my cell and spoke to my secretary. I told her that Pauline wasn’t felling well so I was going to take her home. I left instructions for the lads to finish up and for her to lock up early. Next I rang home and told my hubby that a girl at work had taken ill and I was going to take her home and stay until her parents could come and look after her.

Having taken charge and got the logistics out of the way I left all the rest to Pauline. I gave her some money to cover the bill and told her I was completely in her hands. 

Pauline directed me to her flat, about a twenty-minute drive from the bar. It was in a block of four old fashioned units. Once inside, Pauline headed for the bathroom saying she had to pee. While she was gone, I took a chance and looked around. The flat was very small, consisting of a kitchenette in one corner and a shower curtain style wardrobe in another. Against one wall was a sofa bed, with doona and pillows stacked at one end. I sat on the sofa away from the bedclothes. I was very nervous as I was perched on the edge of the sofa with my knees shut and my fists clenched. I heard the toilet flush and jumped up as the bathroom door opened. When Pauline came gliding back into the room she was still wearing the lemon coloured tank top and short white flip skirt but in the light I could see through it all. She asked if I would like a drink, but I declined, saying that all I wanted right then was her.

She came up to me and took my hands and pulled me gently towards her. She then kissed me, only this time the kiss was firm and demanding. Her mouth was half-open and her tongue played around the edge of my mouth before forcing its way between my lips and dancing with my tongue. We stayed like this for what was only seconds but seemed like hours. She broke contact first and stepped back. I wanted to follow and maintain contact but she held me at bay. She reached out and started to unbutton my silk shirt. As each button came undone, she would lean forward and kiss me lightly. I couldn’t wait for her fingers to pop the next button so I could have my next kiss. Once all the buttons were undone she gently slid the shirt down over my shoulders. She then unzipped my skirt and it fell pooled at my feet. I hooked the skirt with my foot and kicked it out of the way. I was now standing before her in my pink bra and white full control briefs. I reached out to undress her but again she took control and bade me to stand still and just look. I was totally at her command so I just stood and stared as she pulled her top off to reveal her perfect tits which at her age did not require a bra, they were not large but they stood out and I believe the word “perky” came instantly to mind.

She slipped her little white skirt down her long legs and brought into view her apricot bikini panties. We were now standing there in our underwear. Having removed her outer garments she moved back to me and we hugged. In the process her hand slipped round and undid my bra. She held my face in one had while she kissed me, and then removed the bra with the other. Then came the pivotal moment in my life! I hugged a woman and our naked breasts met. That first experience of our touching tits was the most sublime feeling I had ever had. It was almost a shock when Pauline again broke contact in order to pull down my panties. This she did with a single movement before stepping back and skimming her own panties down revealing a nearly hairless pussy. It wasn’t that she shaved or waxed it was just that the peach fuzz of youth was still with her.

Having removed the last of her clothes she then leaned forward and gently forced me down onto the sofa. There I lay prostrate with my head on the armrest and one leg on the floor, thus showing Pauline my very hairy (new resolution: I must wax) and by now very wet cunt in all its glory.

Pauline knelt between my legs and ran her tongue up and down the inside of my thighs. Using her fingers to part the hairs on my cunt, her tongue began to lick around my exposed cunt lips. I was in heaven, the way she was using her tongue was sending me into raptures was amazing. I had never been so sexually stimulated before; I wanted the moment to last forever. She moved her tongue from my outer lips to the inner lips but not the clit. The suspense was an agonising pleasure waiting for her to reach my pleasure button. She then plunged her tongue into my cunt and at the same instant used her finger on my anus. 

When she finally made it to my clit I was soaking wet and so close to cumming that the moment she hit my excited nub I exploded into the most mind-blowing orgasm that I have ever had. I now firmly believed I was in heaven, as nothing could ever surpass what I was feeling at that moment. Instead of finishing as I came, she started to suck my clit and to use her middle finger to punish my anus. With the sucking and the fingering I went from a gushing orgasm to a rolling orgasm, with wave after wave of sheer pleasure taking control of my body. I was totally exhausted by the time she finally pulled away; my mind had given up so I left it to my body to cope with all the intense feelings going through me. 

Pauline stood and helped to stand, again our breasts touched and our mouths found each other. I could taste myself on her lips and her tongue; it was an incredible and sensual feeling. As we were kissing she manoeuvred me so she could lie down on the sofa and gently pressed my shoulders down so that I was on my knees. Once before her glorious pussy I realised it was my turn to please her as she had me. I was afraid, as I had never licked a woman before. I didn’t believe I could emulate the feats of her tongue and mouth.

I started slowly trying to do what had just been done to me. With my tongue I licked along the inside of her thighs, gradually making my way to her outer lips. Then my mind went blank, so I let my instincts take over. I plunged my tongue into her hot and moist hole. Running around the inside lips and trying to use the butterfly technique on her very prominent clit as she had done to me. With my mouth firmly planted on her clit I sucked and licked gently, glowing in the pleasurable moans of my new lover.

But soon my jaw and tongue were weakening due to the unusual amount of exertion, as I tried to pull my head away from her now writhing pussy her hands came down and pushed me further into her pulsating flesh. 

As my tongue once more found her prominent button, her whole body stiffened as she let out a low animal-like moan. Her pussy flooded with her love juices, pouring into my mouth and down my chin. This was a whole new experience for me and I didn’t have a clue what to do next. Pauline kept the pressure behind my head and forced me deeper into her swollen, tender pussy. I again started licking but tried to steer away from her clit, which wasn’t easy as it was so big. I lapped and lapped for what seamed like hours but again I lost track of time. Pauline finally released her grip on my head, the first thing I saw when I looked up at her face was a warm look and the unmistakable grin of a well-satisfied lover. 

Sadly, that was our one and only time together. Pauline went on to a university, and I went back to work… and my unimaginative husband. I also went on to look at other women in an entirely different way, but that is another story.