 Since I was introduced to yoga I would pack my yoga mat, a pair of tights and a crop top into my bag and then try to get to a class every day after work. 

On this day I went on my way home from work to an ashtanga yoga class at the shopping strip near where I lived. It was a 20 minute walk home, so I would wait until I got home to shower and change after class. It was a good yoga class, 90 minutes of practicing all the standing and sitting poses. 

The yoga teacher, Kara was a petite blonde who had the most amazing figure. She was short and thin, with long straight blonde hair, a flat chest, but her tiny round bubble butt which gripped and sucked in the tight blue spandex tights she wore, outlining her g-string underwear, more than made up. The guys in the class had their heart racing just looking at her.

I had just finished the class. I had my work suit packed in my bag and I was wearing my usual black spandex tights and a white crop top with a white sports bra underneath. I needed this to keep my 34B bordering C breasts firm in place. I never wore panties under my tights though. I used to find it uncomfortable and they really never served much purpose when you were sweating through all the layers anyway and the tights were designed to wick seat outwards while cotton just absorbed it all. Well, this was my philosophy anyway.

I was about 200 yards from the yoga studio when the rain cloud burst. It was pouring "cats and dogs" as they say. Within a minute I was soaked to the bone, my tights and top clinging tightly to my wet body with water streaming through them. I could not see the pavement in front of me. I turned around to go back to the yoga studio, but I could not see a thing. I then saw a headlight of a car coming down the road. It stopped in front of me. I was shaking and scared. Through the thundering rain i made out a familiar voice. It was the yoga teacher.

"Hop in, I will give you a ride home." she shouted through the noise of the heavy rain.

The passenger door then opened and I saw her calling me with her finger. I jumped at the opportunity and I climbed into the car.

"I am so sorry I will wet your car seat- I am drenched." I said apologising to her.

"Don't worry, I will drive you home. Where do you live?" she asked me.

"I am on 40 Hunter Street, a few blocks down the road and then to the right."

"Thank you again." I said to her.

We pulled in to my apartment block driveway and I fished around my handbag for my keys.

"Shit! I think I have left my keys at work and my flatmate is away on business until tomorrow."

"Sorry! Would you mind driving me to my friend Susan, she is only 10 minutes away" I asked her.

"Your name is Rachel, right?" she asked me

"Yes, it is." I answered her.

"Well Rachel, come stay at my place for the night, I am on the next corner, and I am nervous of driving in such hard rain with the streets almost flooding" she offered me kindly.

"I can't do that to you. Its nice enough you have given me a ride." I replied to her.

"No, just come to me, I can even show you a few things on how to improve your yoga", she insisted.

"Ok, thank you very much!"

We then pulled into the garage of an apartment block. We took the lift up to level 5 and then I followed her into her apartment. I was dripping all over the floor.

As we entered Kara looked at me.

"You sure are wet." she said while she looked me up and down at my sorry state.

My long brown hair was wet, my tights were clinging to my body, my water logged trainers were making a "squishing" sound, my sports bra and crop top were now see through and the bra's support was uncomfortably pulling on my skin. Kara opened the door and we walked into her small apartment.

"Take you wet clothes off and I will put them into the dryer." Kara said to me. 

"If you want a shower it's at the end of the passage." she said pointing."

"I am going to have a shower too, so I will catch up with you in five minutes," she said as she disappeared into a bedroom.

I pulled off my soaked tights, top and bra and my drenched trainer shoes and I hopped into the shower. When I was finished I put the light blue bath towel around me, tied a knot to hold it up and I took my wet clothes in my one hand and went back to the lounge.

Kara was already standing in the lounge wearing a white towel and she grabbed my clothes and took them to the dryer and then came back to the lounge.

"How are you finding the yoga?" she asked me. 

"Well I struggle with a few of the poses but I think I have improved." I answered

"I can't seem to get the downward dog pose right. I know you are supposed to put your pelvis up like a triangle but I can't get that one right." I added.

Kara dropped her towel and in with only thong undies on, she started to demonstrate the pose to me.

"You need to put your soles flat on the ground and push all your fingers down on the ground as you outstretch your arms and keep lifting up your hips." She said.

"So that you look like a triangle," she continued as her butt pushed out marking the top point of the triangle. 

Should I be looking at an almost naked woman? I was wondering to myself. I had my mobile phone in my hand still and I don't know what came over me but I pushed my button to take a photo of her. I still have the photo today as a memory of this night.

I couldn't help but look at this luscious butt and with her legs wide apart for downward dog, her sheer thong panties didn't do much to cover her pussy lips. They were clearly in view poking through between her butt cheeks. The panties pulled in at her slit forming a mould of 2 ovals. I could see through the slight sheer. They were totally hairless. She must either laser or wax, I thought. I know I should not be perving another woman, who is trying to show me an artistic form, but this was s view I suppose I was not used to seeing.

"I noticed everyone struggling with this pose tonight" she said as she got out of the downward dog pose and stood up.

As she got out of the pose she said, "Rachel, show me your downward dog and I can show you how to improve it"

"No, you don't need to, it's ok" I shyly replied.

"No, come on its nothing, its not like we have anything else to do now"

With my towel wrapped around me I started to put my hands on the floor and get into the pose. It was quite cumbersome with the towel. As I bent forward and widened the gap between my feet to be aligned with my hips the towel fell down to the floor.

"You don't want to slip with this in the way" Kara said as she pulled the towel away from under me.

I never had undies on and I felt self–conscious, being so exposed.

"Kara, do you have any shorts or anything I can borrow?"

"You don't need anything, I do Yoga in the nude all the time, it's the best way to do it" Kara replied.

My butt was uncovered. My legs were wide apart as required for the pose. I knew I must be in a very uncompromising position, and I felt awkward.

"You have a lovely body. I never noticed it in class" Kara said. 

Kara looking at me only made me feel even more self-conscious. I felt all my pores tingle as if exposed to the cold. 

"I am going to give you an adjustment as I do in class!" Kara said as she placed herself between my legs and sat down on the floor.

She pulled down on my ankles to root them into the ground as they strained to tilt upwards to form the downward dog triangle. It was strange having a woman sitting so close to me when nude. Also I felt quite uneasy with my pussy so exposed particularly with my feet so wide apart. 

Kara stood up and started to push with both her hands at my hips bones to adjust my form from a clumsy arch into a sharp structured triangle. It required my hips to flex easily, my hamstrings to stretch long and for my biceps and shoulder muscles to hold me taught to the ground. Her flat palms were now pushing against my glut muscles and butt bone and she leaned in onto me to apply greater strength. This is when I felt her pussy against my hamstring. It felt hot even through the sheer undies and I felt it push into the back of my leg as she leaned in against me pushing at my hips and butt to move them forward. 

"I know this is a tough pose, take 5 deep breaths and then ease out of the pose" she instructed me.

"I want to show you something in the upward bend pose, the difficult pose I helped you with tonight." 

I stood up and moved behind the arm of her couch, trying to hide my nakedness.

Kara sat down on the ground. She placed her palms on the ground behind her head and her feet flat on the ground. She then lifted up her hips towards the ceiling and pulled up her butt until she was in the shape of an arch. Her head was facing backwards but her breasts were pointing upwards. Her nipples were hard on top of her small A size breasts. I secretly admired her ability to be so confident and able to parade like this, without a care in the world.

"Ok, you try it!" she instructed me.

I sat down on the ground and put my hands behind my head to grasp the ground. I lifted up my butt and hips but I could not make then move that last bit into the arch. My hip and pubic bones were sticking out of my skin and my stomach muscles were taut. I looked forward down my body towards my knees to see if they were spaced correctly to give me the leverage I needed to get into the bend. 

My focus turned to my pubic region. The dark curls and wasps of hair stood out and brought focus to this area as they contrasted to my light olive skin complexion. I had only trimmed my pubic area lightly during the winter and it was now a bit bushy.

"Here let me give you a hand" Kara offered.

She stood over me and put her hands on either side of my waist, reaching underneath and then with her palms pulled my butt upwards until I was in a strained upward bend.

"Keep your head back so not to strain your neck" she shouted.

I felt my whole body straining, every muscled in my legs, thighs butt and back pulling to keep me in the pose. I was quivering and shaking as my muscles pulled at their hardest. Kara's hands kept their hold on my butt to support my lower back. 

My hormones were going mad and I felt myself get aroused. The vibrations in my muscles relaxed as I breathed deeply but the straining of my body must have excited some chakras. My nipples came alive and grew long and erect, standing on my breasts poking out at the sky like aerials. I felt a wave of warmth permeate my pubic area and my whole body became sensitive. I was feeling tension right through my pussy, the type of tension that you feel while you masturbate just before you cum. I hope Kara is not aware of all that I was feeling and experiencing, I thought to myself.

"Ok, time to release from the pose. Lower your hips gently out of the arch and then lower your spine downward to the mat."

" Now take a few minutes to lie down and relax" Kara went on.

"How would you like to have a hot Jacuzzi, I have one on my balcony? It is always good after yoga to soak the muscles. It helps them recover."

I stood up and collected my towel, I covered myself and I joined Kara on the balcony. She switched on the jets and I climbed in. Kara pulled her undies off and joined me in the bubbles.

It was good feeling the jets massage my spine, but even better for me that I could hide my nakedness under the bubbles. 

The jet coming out of the seat was vibrating against my butt. I turned slightly and it was shooting fast water at my clitoris. My warm feeling was now hot and intense. My clit ached to be touched. It wanted to be taken out of its misery. It was tense and swollen. 

"How are you feeling? Are any of your muscles sore and aching?" Kara asked me as she sat opposite me in the Jacuzzi.

"My neck is sore, probably from not entering the backbend quickly enough" I answered.

Kara got up and stood in the middle of the Jacuzzi facing me. Her petite breasts were floating just above the water line.

"I will give you a quick neck massage. Look downwards and I will massage the strained muscles around the neck bone." Kara instructed as she lifted her both her hands and started to rub her two index fingers into the back of my neck. 

"It really is helping!" I told her.

She inched in closer to me to get better access to my neck. 

I was looking down at the water when I felt her breasts brush against mine. I felt her soft skin rub against my erect nipple. It only added oil to the fire of passion burning within me. AS her fingers were rubbing and deeply massaging my neck joints her breasts were riding up and down against mine. 

"Does that feel better? Is there any other pain your neck?" she asked me

"Yes, in the front by my collar bone" I answered.

Kara stood up next to me, on the same step that I was sitting on inside the Jacuzzi. 

"Move your neck sidewards to face me" 

She was standing out of the water and her pussy was a few inches from my face. It was wet but glorious. Her clit was visible with a reddish hood sticking out between the bald folds of her labia. I wondered if it was excited like mine. 

My mounting tension was taking hold of me. I wished I was back at home in the privacy of my bedroom, where I could close my eyes and fantasise. Where I could open my legs and take my fingers and push them into my wetness and feel my g spot inside my pussy and then rub my clit in circles until it was raw with passion. Where I could turn around and lie facing my bed with my knees apart wide and I can wrap my hand around the back of my thigh and then push my white vibrator into my pussy from behind until my wetness ran down my inner thigh and I soaked my sheet with my cum. Where I could scream as I climaxed and I could ease my whole body out of its tension and I could feel the glow of an orgasm as my body surrendered. 

I needed some privacy. I needed to go for it. I needed to either be fucked hard or to fuck myself with my fingers and toys.

I clenched my eyes as the tension built up.

Kara's fingers meanwhile massaged my neck by the collar bone. Her fingers pushed down hard into my muscles in downward strokes. 

On one of the stroked her fingers went further down my neck and I felt her finger brush against my nipple. Was it on purpose? I could not help but moan softly under my breath.

"Please touch me more" I shouted exploding with lust. 

This was unlike me. A devil had been unleashed. It knew no bounds.

I pulled Kara into my embrace and I took her nipples into my mouth. I took a finger and I inserted it into her pussy. It was soaking wet and easy to push in. It was warm and she screamed as I put in a second finger.

I ferociously sucked her nipple. 

"Stand up" she commanded me.

I stood up obligingly. 

She grabbed my butt and she put her mouth against my pussy and with her tongue licked my clit up and down and then took it into her mouth and sucked it in until I was clenching and screaming and then let go and sucked it in again and again. I felt a rush, an orgasm coming. I held her head tight against my pussy. I didn't want her to stop blowing me. I rotated my hips in towards her face and out again to ride the waves of passing tension. I took my hands and I scratched her back like a cat as I screamed and screeched. I felt the rush, the uplifting glow, the light, the release, the orgasm. 

Kara pulled her face away and smiled at me. 

"I came at the same time as you" she said.

"Rachel, please don't say anything about today to anyone. I have a boyfriend Mark and nobody should I have secret bisexual fantasies" Kara pleaded.

"Have you been with a girl before?" she asked me.

"No, this is my first" I replied embarrassingly.

"Shit, I forgot your clothes in the dryer."

Kara quickly got up and came back a few minutes later. 

She handed me my clothes. My spandex tights were burnt.

"I am so sorry. I will get you something else to wear from my bedroom"

A few minutes later Kara came back with some rather sexy clothes for me to wear.It was a one piece unitard in a light colour.

In my next story you can read about what happened when I wore them out.