 As Linda there on her bed, her mind began to wander. She had just gotten home from work, and had decided to lie down for a few minutes before starting dinner. And as she laid there, she started thinking about an amazing massage that she had gotten a few days ago, and the incredibly beautiful woman who had given it to her. This Lady Masseuse was new at the gym, and her name was Tina (or at least that was what it said on her name tag). The massage that Tina had given her was without a doubt the best massage Linda had ever had, bar none. The room lights were off and candles were glowing as aromatherapy floated through the air, sensuous music setting the mood for relaxation. But although Linda had become very relaxed, she had also become very turned on, and had wanted this gorgeous creature to do more than just massage her.

And now as Linda laid there in bed, she began to fantasize about what she had wanted to have happen. While Tina was massaging her upper back, Linda had imagined that she had slid her hands around and massaged the sides of Linda's breasts, touching them very sensuously. And as she did this, Linda had wanted Tina to turn her over to lick and suck her tits, taking her hard, erect nipples into her mouth, drawing them in and licking them wildly, touching Linda's body in so many erotic ways that she could hardly stand it. And Linda had also wanted her to move slowly down toward her clit and start licking it while pinching and squeezing her nipples, taking her clit into her mouth and sucking on it, biting it lightly as she became more and more excited. She felt herself being so turned on by this fantasy that she felt as thought she was being transported back to that room and that Tina was massaging her right then.

And then, in an instant, her thoughts returned to Tina, and what she had wanted to have happen. She had wanted Tina to stick her tongue deep inside her vagina, pulling it in and out, in and out, over and over again. Wow, she thought, that sounded so incredible and amazing. Linda had also wanted Tina to run her fingers up and down the entire length of her body, hearing her moan and see her squirm under the wonderment of what was happening. Then she had wanted her to get on top of her, take off her blouse and dangle her breasts in her face so she could suck on her tits, cupping them in her hands, feeling how full they were and then kissing and licking them to see how delicious they tasted. Right now, she wanted so much to lick Tina's nipples and pull them into her mouth, sucking on them until they were hard and erect, and then put her fingers in her pussy to feel her wetness there. She wanted to hear her gasp and moan in response to her touch. And she wanted Tina to take off the rest of her clothes so they could lie naked together and feel each other all over, their bodies intertwined, full of passion and desire -- kissing, deep and passionately, and groping each other.

Linda had been fantasizing about being with another woman for quite a while now, and thought a lot about sucking on another woman's tits and nipples, but she didn't know how to make it happen. When she was at the mall by herself, she would sit on a bench and watch women walking by, undressing them with her eyes and imagining how they would look naked. Sometimes she felt as if she had suddenly become so sexually charged that sex had become all she thought about. She would be at work and couldn't wait to get home so she could masturbate and indulge in her fantasies. On the way home sometimes, she would play with herself in the car, sticking her fingers inside her pussy, feeling the wetness there, playing with her clit and stimulating herself. She had even bought another pocket rocket to put in her purse so she could use it in the car sometimes as she drove along, thinking about what the other drivers would think if they saw her. And sometimes, she even went into the bathroom to masturbate in one of the stalls during the day at work. Oh, how exciting that was when someone walked in, and she knew that they were out there, imagining how shocked they would be if they knew what she was doing. Or maybe they wouldn't be shocked at all. Maybe lots of women masturbated in the stalls of the bathroom during the day at work. Hmmmm, what a thought. She could feel it now in her imagination, and it felt so incredibly good.

And as Linda thought more and more about this, she sat up on her bed, and slowly took off her clothes until she was completely naked. And then her hands began to explore her own body, touching her nipples and squeezing them gently at first, and then harder and more firmly, twisting and pinching them in her fingers. Linda could feel her pussy becoming more and more wet as it started to ache, and all she could think about was Tina, this gorgeous woman, putting her fingers inside her wet, hot pussy while she sucked on her clit, biting it and flicking it with her tongue. Linda laid back down on her bed and put her fingers inside her vagina, and she immediately felt so hot, so incredibly turned on that she started pushing her fingers in and out, in and out, hearing the gushing noises from the incredible wetness that had formed in her pussy.

And with these swirling images surging through her mind as she continued to feel herself and explore her body, her mind became so engrossed in this amazing fantasy that she didn't notice that Dan, her boyfriend, had arrived home and had walked into the room. It was only when she started to lean over to open the drawer where she kept her vibrator and clit stimulator that he came over to her and whispered seductively, "Oh my God, baby, you look so hot and delicious laying there like that, squeezing and pinching your nipples, and finger-fucking yourself. Can I join in? Or do you want me to just watch?" 

And then realizing that she was looking at him with a distant, far-off look in her eyes, obviously completely engrossed in a fantasy, he said, "Or maybe you want me to leave the room so you can be alone with your fantasy?"

Startled, Linda looked at Dan, and saw the longing and desire in his eyes. And feeling the passion that was building inside her, she leaned toward him, held his head in her hands, and started kissing him passionately. He responded immediately, kissing her passionately as well, and as their tongues began to dance in each other's mouths, he stood up and took off his pants to reveal an enormous erection. Linda looked at him with an amazingly seductive look in her eyes, and as he moved toward her, she grabbed his hard cock in her hand and started stroking it. Then she leaned down and put it in her mouth, sucking it while she massaged his balls.

Still standing there, he moaned in response, telling Linda, "Oh yeah, baby, suck my hard cock. Oh Linda, that feels so good."

Looking at him seductively, Linda asked, ""Mmmmm, do you like that baby?" knowing full well what the answer would be in advance.

"Oh yes, baby, it feels so good," Dan responded. "You suck on my cock so good. That's it, put it way down in your throat." 

And then Linda did just that, pushing his cock so far down in her throat that she practically gagged. Then drawing his cock in and out of her throat repeatedly, thrusting it deep down into her throat again and again and again. Then she moved slightly and put his balls in her mouth, gently sucking on them separately and then both of them together as she stroked his cock with her hand, up and down, up and down, up and down, harder and faster with each stroke as she continued to suck on his balls.

Dan gasped and moaned, "Oh Linda, yes, suck on my balls, just like that. Oh yeah, baby, you do that so good. And stroke my cock just like that. Oh yes, baby, that feels so good." 

Linda continued to suck on his balls and stroke his cock, and then started to lick his cock, from its tip down to his balls before taking it in her mouth again and drawing it deep into her throat, almost gagging again from how far down she was pushing it. She loved to suck Dan's cock, and she loved how responsive he was as he gasped and moaned, telling her how great it felt, how good she was at giving him oral, and how sexy she was.

"Oh my God, baby, you're so hot tonight, and I bet you're really wet by now," Dan said excitedly, and then said, "Let me suck your pussy, baby. I want to taste your pussy juices and suck on your clit." 

And with that, Dan moved onto the bed and laid down as Linda got on top of him and sat on his face. Immediately, Dan started licking and sucking on Linda's pussy, sending Linda off into outer space. What a rush of sensations. Linda held onto the headboard, feeling almost weak from how incredible it was making her feel. As Dan continued to lick and suck on her cunt, sticking his tongue way down deep inside her vagina, Linda gasped and moaned, and then said with a breathless sigh, "Oh Dan, that feels so good, so incredible. Oh, God, yes. Keep sucking on my cunt just like that."

Then Dan flicked Linda's clit with his tongue and bit it lightly, pulling her clit into his mouth and sucking on it wildly. Linda was practically trembling and panting by now, telling Dan how wonderful it felt and how amazing his oral talents were. And then, Dan moved his mouth up to suck on Linda's nipple, and as he did, he stuck a finger into her pussy, probing, amazed at the wetness, and feeling so completely turned on. Still probing with his one finger, he stuck in another finger, pushing both fingers in and out, in and out. And then a third finger, probing around in the wetness inside Linda's cunt, stretching his fingers out to expand her pussy and then sticking his fingers in as deep as they would go. His fingers were so deep inside her that he could feel a firm bump at the back of her pussy, and he started to rub it with his fingers, placing his fingers underneath it and massaging it. 

And then, almost screaming, Linda yelled out, "Oh Dan, that feels so good. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum," as he continued to suck on her nipple and probe her wet, hot pussy with his three fingers. Linda started to bounce wildly on his fingers, pressing her clit hard against his hand and then rubbing it. Then, in a frenzied tone, she yelled out, "Oh baby, I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Oh Dan, I'm cumming," as she exploded into an amazingly strong orgasm, feeling her pussy contracting around his fingers. Squeezing her vagina around his fingers and rubbing her clit on his hand, she continued to cum, climaxing so incredibly hard that she couldn't believe it. Gasping, moaning, panting, she kept cumming, cumming, cumming....

Still cumming, Linda moved away from Dan's face and down on his body toward his hard, stiff cock, took it in her hand, placed it under her pussy and slammed it into her hot, waiting cunt. Gasping and moaning, Linda started riding Dan's cock, pushing herself up and down, up and down as Dan's hard, stiff cock slid in and out of her repeatedly. "Oh Dan, I really needed your cock inside me," Linda said as she continued to ride Dan's cock, and then said, in an excited tone, "Your cock is so hard and so stiff. God, it feels so good."

Dan looked up at Linda, there on top of him, riding his cock, and then said, "Wow, baby, you're really horny tonight, aren't you? And you're so hot and so incredibly wet." 

Linda looked down at Dan, and then lowered herself slightly so she could dangle her tits in his face. She took one of her tits in her hand and offered it to Dan, saying seductively, "Here baby, do you want to suck on my nipple? I really want you to suck on it."

And of course, Dan complied, starting to lick Linda's nipple, and then drawing it into his mouth, sucking on it wildly. He then put his hands around both of her tits, pushing them together and massaging them, he started sucking on both nipples at the same time. Linda gasped and moaned, loving every second of what Dan was doing, while she continued to ride his cock, so hard and stiff inside her. 

And then, Linda started panting breathlessly, saying, "Oh God, Dan, I'm going to cum, baby. Oh God, I'm cumming, baby, I'm cumming."

Dan watched as Linda started to cum, and then said, "Oh yes, baby, cum on my hard cock, cum for me, baby."

At this point, Linda was practically gasping for air, riding Dan's cock wildly as he continued to lick and suck on her nipples. And then, in a frenzied, frenetic tone, she yelled out, "Oh Dan, I'm cumming, I'm cumming....." 

So completely turned on by what he was feeling and seeing, Dan yelled out, "Oh God, yes, baby. I'm cumming, too." And then, they started to cum together, reveling in the amazing feelings that were rushing through both their bodies, feeling so close and sensual as their bodies merged and united in an enormous climax, both of them cumming together.

As their joint orgasm started to subside, Dan held Linda tightly and started to kiss her tenderly, first on her neck and then on her lips, telling her just how sexy she was, how erotic and exciting it had been for him. And how much he loved her. Feeling so close to Dan at that moment, Linda told him that she felt exactly the same way, and that she had felt so connected to him as they made love and came together. 

And then, Linda found herself telling him about her massage last week with Tina, something she had wanted to do since then, but simply hadn't been able to put it all in words. But now, in the afterglow of their amazing love-making, she was finally able to tell him about this amazing experience in ways that she couldn't have put into words before this very moment.

Dan hung on every word, his eyes fixated on Linda as she described in vivid detail how she had felt when Tina was massaging her, how attracted she felt to her then and had continued to feel since then. And Dan seemed even more fascinated with Linda telling him how she had noticed even before the experience with Tina how she had noticed her growing fascination and attraction toward women, even undressing them with her eyes, and how she had been fantasizing about being with a woman sexually.

As Linda finished her story, she looked at Dan and was a little upset when she realized that he was just laying there staring into space, completely silent and looking stunned. But in reality, Dan's mind was swirling with all that she had told him as well as the implications for their relationship and he didn't know what to say. He had always fantasized about a threesome, but he thought it would always remain a fantasy. He never imagined that it could ever really happen, but now....

"Oh, Dan," Linda finally said, "I'm so sorry, baby. I didn't mean to upset you." 

Hearing Linda's voice again seemed to snap Dan out of his fantasy world, and as he looked at her and seeing she was upset, he said reassuringly, "Oh no, baby, I'm not upset. I'm just a little stunned by what you told me, but really, I think it's so amazing, and so sexy." 

Relieved, Linda said in a concerned tone, "Really, baby? What are you thinking, though, because you looked so lost in thought and I can't read your expression."

Dan thought for a moment, and then said, "Oh God, a million things, Sweetie. My mind is going a mile a minute, and I've been fantasizing about what this could mean for me, for our relationship." 

Linda looked perplexed and then said, "What do you mean, Dan? I love you very much, and I hope you know it doesn't have anything to do with that. I mean, I'm not a lesbian." 

Dan laughed and then said, "Oh no, baby, I don't mean like that. I mean that if you're really wanting to be with another woman, maybe you'd let me watch, and then maybe later on, we could have a threesome."

"Wow," Linda responded, "that sounds amazing. I'd really like to be with a woman on my own first, though. Would that be okay with you?"

"Yes, honey, that would be fine," Dan replied, "Whatever you'd be comfortable with."

Linda smiled in relief because she didn't think she could be with another woman the first time with Dan in the room. And she told Dan just that -- that she needed to work through this alone at first. But since she didn't know how to go about finding a woman to be with, she asked Dan for his suggestions. Dan thought for a moment, and then told her that perhaps they could find a woman on the Internet -- maybe on one of the websites for that type of thing. He told Linda that he would do some research and then they could decide together what to do next. Linda agreed and thanked Dan for his help.

Laying there in bed, feeling completely spent from their love-making episode, and from the talk of Linda's fantasies, they just held each other and then fell asleep in each others arms.

When Linda awakened, she reached over for Dan, but he wasn't in bed. She got up and walked into the living room, and there was Dan, on the computer. Just standing there, she said, "Hi baby, I guess I feel asleep after we fucked."

Dan laughed and said, "Yes, and that was quite some fucking session, baby. Your fantasies made you really hot tonight."

"Yeah, I guess they did," Linda replied, thinking about how hot it had been. "And you knew just what to do and say to satisfy me," she added.

"Oh, that's your story, huh?" Dan said, "I thought it was Tina and all those women you've been watching and undressing in your mind that satisfied you tonight," laughing slightly and in a somewhat sarcastic tone.

"Danny, that's not true," Linda said in a hurt voice, "I love you. You know that, don't you?"

"Yes, baby, I know you love me," Dan replied, "and I love you very much. It's just that this is all very new to me and I'm still adjusting to the thought of you being with another woman sexually, and without me there. But I'll be okay."

Linda walked over to Dan, leaned over and hugged him, saying "I understand, baby, but it would just be once or twice, and then we can go from there, OK?"

"Yes, baby, that's sounds fine," Dan said, "but I can't wait until when you let me watch, and then participate. It sounds so incredibly hot to see you with another woman."

Hearing Dan say that sent shivers through Linda's body. The thought of actually being with another woman was so exciting to her, and she longed to have that experience. Sucking on another woman's breasts sounded so amazing that she could hardly stand it. And feeling the wetness in another woman's pussy turned Linda on so much. Of course, her real fantasy was to be with Tina, the Masseuse, but since Linda didn't know whether she would be interested, and was hesitant to broach the subject with her, it was doubtful that would ever really happen.

Dan looked at Linda and saw that far-away look in her eyes again, and thought he knew what she was thinking about. It made him very horny to think about Linda being with another woman, and even more turned on to think about being there, watching Linda and another woman together, sucking on each others tits, touching each others pussies, watching as they came. Wow, Dan thought, I can't wait until Linda will let me be there, and then be involved. Double WOW!!!

Seeing Linda snap out of her fantasy a little, he started to tell her about some research he had been doing on the Internet while she was asleep, saying that he had found some websites where they could look for a woman for her to experiment with. Linda listened intently and watched in fascination as Dan showed her the websites he had found. Then Dan suggested that they put a profile of her one a couple of the websites to see if they could find a woman for her to meet and see what develops. And so they did just that, putting a couple of pictures that Dan had taken of her recently on the profile to try to attract some women for Linda to check out. After writing the profile and reworking it several times, they became satisfied and posted it. The profile read as follows:

BI-CURIOUS LADY LOOKING FOR A HOT, HORNY BI-SEXUAL LADY
