 Thanks for all the feedback with my "Bursting Out" Stories.

I worked on this one, my experiences at the ski resort for a year since the language should be in English.

Being a young girl with big tits is my story. 

Even though I am not very old, my boobs are a bigger than any of the tits on my friends.

I guess you could say that I was an early developer. I noticed this at around 11 years old because in contrast to my friends, Winnie the Pooh's ears on my pyjamas stuck out in relief - like miniature pyramids. At the same time my nipples widened and for a while encompassed the entire tips of my ice cream cone-shaped tits. During this developmental stage, I thought I was going to behold those pointy nipple-covered bumps my entire life! 

By the time I was 12 ½, however, the ice cream cones had disappeared, or rather, underwent a metamorphosis towards the more rotund forms of fruits. First they turned into pears, then apples, then grapefruits, and finally, up-turned self-supporting gourds. 

Now, at 18 years old, my measurements are a bra busting 38D, 22, 32.

Yup. 

Not hugely over-developed for a woman with some fleshy curves, but plenty ripe enough for a long legged skinny teenager with a bubble butt, believe me.

Being an over-developed young girl is something everyone notices, not just men. Oh no. I have been propositioned by both sexes, older people, kids, members of the church, friends and neighbours, school teachers, waiters, train conductors, policemen, and even by members of my own family – including uncles, aunts, and cousins!

Last year someone took a picture of me at the beach and the photo ended up in one of our Norwegian tabloid magazines. It was of a picture of me with my little sister, Ann Synnove putting suntan lotion on my back. The heading was "Moving into Summer Safely" and the photo was a close up emphasizing lots of cleavage and an erect nipple.

But the story I want to tell is about two incidents that happened on the same day last Easter, (Påske in Norwegian). 

I had been working up in the ski resort about 40 kilometres from our village when the ski lift operator made a pass at me. Jon was a big 35 to 40 year old outdoorsy type of guy – all bravado and muscles but his brain was probably a leftover from the duller side of the planet (if you know what I mean). In other words, he was just about capable enough to work the ski lift without getting himself hypnotized by the passing chairs. 

After I had worked there about a week, I noticed that every time he took a break, he would come into the cafeteria to buy some chocolate and flirt with either me or Karianne - the other girl who worked in the cafeteria. She was 19 years old, (1 year older than me), and had incredibly good looks with blond, nearly white, straight hair parted down the middle. Typical Norwegian. (Not like me, I have brown hair).

Our similarity also included our boobs. Karriane was also well endowed despite her thinness and had big pointy breasts that pushed through her t-shirt like a Barbie doll. I guess two young girls, one blond and one brunette with big tits working together made quite a contrasting pair.

Our uniforms consisted of tight white t-shirts and jeans and during Jon's visits his eyes were constantly lowering their gaze in order to check out our tits. He was such an obvious pig in a way but we'd tease him regardless by arching our backs a little when we talked with him so he that could really get a good look at our breasts and nipples to his heart's delight. He was obviously mesmerized by what he thought was the two best stretched t-shirts in southern Norway! Yep.

I don't know why, but I had this compulsion to drive him as crazy as possible. Maybe it was a combination of my immaturity, or exhibitionist nature, or the fact that Jon was just so downright obvious in the nature of his lust that one day Karianne and I bought sleeveless singlet t-shirts. Both tops were pretty flimsy and our nipples were fairly transparent. In other words our tits were just "bursting out", (my favorite expression and the name of my two other stories at Nifty!) Perhaps it was a strange thing to wear in a ski cafeteria, but believe me, no one complained!

Anyway, the first day we were at work in our sleeveless t-shirts Jon's eyes nearly popped out of his head and the first chance he had he invited me to keep him company in the ski lift during my break. It was a small wooden booth that was both heated and quite comfortable 

As the skiers went by inserting their tickets, it was his job to see that the lift was running properly and that skiers got on without any problem. 

After I was inside the booth with him for a while, Jon asked if me if I wanted to come over to where he was sitting to look out the window and watch the people – perhaps I might know someone. We were higher up than everyone outside so although we could see them pretty well, they couldn't really see us. There wasn't much space between his chair and the control console, so he suggested that I kind of sit on his lap.

I sat down on the edge of his chair but after a few seconds he complained that my winter bubble jacket was pushing up against his mouth and suggested that I could take it off since it was pretty warm in the ski booth anyway.

I knew he just wanted to get a good look at my boobs again but I didn't care. I stood up, unzipped my jacket and flung it on the sofa. As expected Jon's eyes went straight to my tits. I went and sat down again on the edge of his chair and almost immediately his arms encircled me as though to keep me from sliding off.

Before long I felt him begin to push his groin up against my bottom. I pretended not to notice but I was pretty surprised by how big his dick felt and how quickly he got hard.

Every once in a while he rested his hands on my thighs asking if I was cold, but what he was really up to was to move me tighter onto his crotch so that he could press his stiff pole more firmly into the crease of my butt. Through the soft fabric of my worn- out jeans I could feel his dick begin to throb beneath me and I began to wonder how far he was going to take this. 

Soon enough he began to bob his leg up and down like he was nervous or something. The result was that I could feel his prick thrust repeatedly against my butt crack in rapid vibrations. It was of course meant to be unintended, but I knew quite well what was going on. Even though I am only a young girl and he was a 40 year old man and fairly unattractive as well, the whole situation was kind of a turn on. 

As a result, my juices began their natural process of weeping into my panties as though I'd sprung a leak, (I am a horny girl, what can I tell you?) and before I knew what I was doing I found myself involuntarily clenching and un-clenching my butt cheeks together around his cock, obviously letting him know I could feel his hardness.

Well, in no time at all he moved his hands off of my thighs to my hips where I felt his fingers reach across my stomach. I sucked in my breath and with a soft, nearly imperceptible touch he began to explore under my shirt with the tips of his fingers slowly moving his hands first across my stomach and then up over my ribs towards my breasts. 

After a few seconds I became aware of him lightly grazing the undersides of my boobs with his thumbs. I guess he believed that if his touch were light enough I wouldn't notice, or in the very least mind. 

In fact, just the opposite was happening. His penis was now rock hard and snuggled perfectly between my butt cheeks which continued their assault on his prick, clamping and squeezing along the length of his pole like a hungry animal. In fact, I had a this desire to grind my ass down as hard as possible onto his cock in order to feel it press up against my anus if that was doable, but at the same time it was exciting to hold back a little in order to tease him. In other words, it was more exciting for me to let him discover his own limits.

I didn't have to wait long. Soon enough I felt him boldly cup a breast in each hand and then I heard him moan as he lifted each one up and down, weighing them in a fashion through my brassiere. 

It is quite a turn-on, believe me, to be lewdly squirming on an older man's lap and hear him breathing heavily into your ear as his dick is obscenely throbbing against the crack of your ass while he grapples your tits. 

The wide areole around my nipples began to contract forcing my nipples into erect piths, - a fact he was quick to pick up on as he unceremoniously began to roll them around his grubby thumb and forefinger. I remember that he was a bit rough, desperately pinching the nipples hard and clumsily through the nylon fabric of my bra. Nevertheless, a small moan escaped my lips encouraging him to grind his cock harder against my ass with much less pretext than before. 

As I said, my jeans were old and soft, and I could clearly feel the length of his pulsating hot penis rub into my bottom. By this point I was getting more than a little turned on, so that when he jerked my singlet up over my breasts in one quick frenzied movement, I didn't mind in the least! In fact, I even pulled it the rest of the way off.

I heard him gasp when he looked over my shoulder and saw the tops of my big oversized tits bursting out over the lacy cups of my brassiere. As he leaned in closer for a better look I reached around behind me and pulled his head down against my shoulder. I could feel his hot breath against the hollow of my neck and then a warm wetness as he began to lick me there, slurping and slobbering all over my skin like a dog. He was giving me little nips with his teeth as well, sucking on my skin with such voracity that I was afraid he was going to give me a love bite. I was about to tell him to stop but then I became distracted as I felt him fumbling around with the back of my brassiere. 

I was in two minds about letting him continue but the ache in my cunt seemed to be controlling things at this point. As a result, I arched my back to give him better access and suddenly my bra was free. I slid it down my arms and I heard him groan as the objects of his wet dreams were revealed to his lusty gaze for the first time. As my tits sprang free and wobbled away from my chest he bit into my neck, sloshing and licking me until saliva drooled down the slopes of my tits in tiny rivulets of spittle which came to rest against my turgid nipples.

At the same time he grabbed hold of both my boobs and pulled me back against him. Squeezing my tits with both hands, he mercilessly began mashing them into my chest, trapping and pinching my nipples between his fingers causing me to cry out. Taking this as a sign of encouragement, he pulled on the tips of my breasts with such force that I suddenly felt myself begin to seep cum uncontrollably into my panties. It was as though he were milking my pussy by pulling on my nipples!

When he felt me try to move my legs together in order to increase the friction in my cunt he began to jerk his cock as hard as possible against my rump - all the while using my tits for support. When I felt myself begin to peak, I reached down and put pressure on my clit through my jeans. Seconds later I exploded into an orgasm shaking uncontrollably on his lap. 

Although my world was spinning around and I was barely conscious, I felt his legs tense dramatically as he pushed me roughly down onto his groin jerking into me repeatedly as he obviously erupted against the crack of my ass.

As we both started to relax, I could feel his cock twitch between my butt cheeks

in a few final spasms - obviously completing his orgasm. He then relaxed his grip. When he was finished I stood up and put my bra back on, slowly tucking my tits into place with such pageantry that I knew he would keep this as a lasting memory for a long time to come, if you'll pardon the expression.

He just had this silly grin on his face, seemingly unsure of what to say or how to react. Not me though. I just looked him straight in the eyes and said, "I expect some free lift tickets out of this". Then, before he knew what was happening, I put on my jacket and went out the door. It was really a turn-on to be with him like that, knowing how much he had been desiring me all season and then making him goo all over his pants. 

* * * * *

When I got back to the cafeteria it was closing time and Kariane was just cleaning up. I was still feeling kind of horny from what had just happened in the ski booth and was planning to go home to masturbate as soon as Karianne and I finished up our cleaning. As we worked, I told her about what had happened in the ski booth with Jon. She couldn't believe I had let him do that, but in the end I think I made her understand that there was really no harm done. 

Eventually I got her to see the funny side of the whole situation and we laughed and joked about it as we worked. I confessed to her that I was quite sexual and got turned on easily. "In that case," she said, imitating Jon's voice, "come over here and sit on my lap, I need to see if there's enough room in here for my big dick and your humongous tits."

I sat on Karriane's lap and she grabbed me around the waist and started dry humping me. I could feel her tits pressing into my back but as I giggled I felt her hands touch the undersides of my breasts, exactly as Jon's had done. I kept acting like she was Jon and encouraged her to grab my tits, which surprisingly she did. 

It felt so good. I was still pretty sensitive around my nipples from Jon pulling on them and I guess when I murmured "mmmm" Karianne must have known that I wasn't lying earlier when I said that I got turned on pretty easily.

Suddenly there was a sexual tension in the air. I had an idea that Karianne wasn't quite sure what to do next even though I was pretty sure she liked what she was feeling since she didn't let go of my breasts. To let her know my idea on the matter in hand, so to speak, I turned my head around and kissed her on the lips.

She had the most pliant lips imaginable and when we kissed there was this amazing cushion of softness, like the touching of two marshmallows. Karianne's eyes opened wide in amazement and just stared at me. I kissed her again but this time longer and when she kissed me back it was sweet and tentative, as though we were both experimenting with something new and forbidden. I'd kissed girls before, but I learned later that it was Karriane's first time. 

Soon enough she began working on my mouth hungrily and with an urgency that I later found out had been escalating since we'd met. When we began using our tongues, Karianne started out timidly at first by just wetting my lips with the tip of her tongue in quick serpent like darts - in the same way that a child tests the flavour of an ice cream. After a while, however, when she felt me trying to draw more of it into my mouth, she extended it so completely I could suck on it like a lollipop. I was so excited I remember even now how I hummed around it, moaning into her mouth as I chewed on it, letting her feel my satisfaction, my hunger, even my gratefulness for the intimate sharing of her first lesbian tongue kiss.

After a few minutes I got off her lap. I was shaking and so was she. We both just stood there looking into each other's eyes, sizing up the situation. It was as though we'd come to a moment of reckoning. We'd just been involved in a tempest of frenzied lesbian kissing, moaning into each other's mouths, but now that we'd stopped, our previous momentum seemed to be spinning around us in a dizzying invisible ring taunting us to go on. As I stood there gazing at Karrianes's rising and falling breasts in her slinky little t-shirt, it suddenly occurred to me that I was in the eye of a hurricane but that a continuation of the tempest was inevitable.

Karrianne made the first move. She stepped forward and embraced me by wrapping her arms around me and pulling me into her voluptuous body. Our tits squashed together in a cushion of softness- my larger boobs pushing against her own. Our clench was exotic and extremely feminine as our breasts made contact. I could feel her burning nipples boring into mine as we rubbed our tits together, moving them back and forth in order to let our nipples kiss and caress each other through our skimpy little singlets. 

Karianne soon moved her hands between our bodies in an effort to find a way into my t-shirt. I moved back slightly in order to give her the room she needed. She put her hands under my shirt and when she began to tweak my still sore nipples through the flimsy material of my brassiere, I started kissing her as passionately as I could.

I love kissing, but what I really love is tongue kissing. My own tongue is extraordinary long and has always been my secret weapon. I can touch the tip of my nose and the bottom of my chin with it, and when I finally got around to shoving half of its length into Karianne's mouth, her eyes, opened wide in amazement and then narrowed slightly like a kitten receiving a warm cup of milk. 

She clamped down on it and sucked it in contentedly making little moaning sounds, low and guttural. Every once in a while during our kiss I took the opportunity of carefully extending the length of my tongue further into her mouth, letting her get used to the idea of having a long, snake-like appendage inching its way towards the back of her throat. In this way I hoped to conjure up images of what such a dexterous love-muscle could do inside her tasty little cunt! 

As she further stimulated my nipples through my brassiere, I began to spear my tongue in and out of her mouth letting her chew and on it as much as she desired. In the end, I had it fully extended and rammed down her throat! 

When we finally broke for air she looked at me, panting, and said, "my god Jamie your tongue is amazing, how can it be so long, so agile?" Her eyes are a beautiful blue, but right then they were covered with a fine mist, as though she was on the verge of crying.

I was getting pretty wet myself, but not in my eyes. Oh no. Further down I was leaking my young cunt juices into my panties and I was pretty sure Karianne was too. When I wedged my knee between her legs she immediately put her weight on it and began to grind her crotch tightly onto my jean-clad thigh.

We took up kissing where we left off but right away I began to fuck her mouth with my tongue, moving it between her lips like a snake. As I stretched it out I funnelled it, feeling her own tongue slither inside the fold, caressing its center in a manner that was so seductive I thought I would pass out. It was as though she had her tongue up my cunt. 

I gripped my tongue tighter around hers' letting her know I liked what I felt. She in turn responded by grabbing me by the back of the head so that our mouths were glued as tightly together as possible, our tongues now fighting a duelling battle of lust in an effort to satisfy the other girl's hunger.

All too soon Karianne disappointedly broke off our kiss leaving us both panting and gasping for air as though we'd been underwater too long and had only just managed to reach the surface in order to find the oxygen we needed.

Her eyes wandered down to my rising and falling chest which was expanding and contracting in relationship to my palpitating heart. Looking down I saw that my tits were pressed into the fabric of my top like two big balloons, my t-shirt having become slightly damp and nearly see-through from the combined perspiration of our tits which had been squashed together as we made out. With my nipples protruding clearly through the damp material it looked as though I had been in a wet t-shirt contest.

Stepping back, I took off my shoes and jeans. I then scooted up onto a workbench, crossed my arms and slowly peeled off my slinky t-shirt. My lacy bra, which was sheer to begin with was now totally transparent, my areole and nipples clearly visibly through the thin nylon. 
