 Anyone who is under the age of 18, along with anyone offended by stories of a sexual nature or containing sexual situations or offended by the idea of mind control in any fashion, please do not read this story.

This story takes place in the fictional town of Chrystal Heights. This is not significant in any way other than I hope to continue creating stories involving this town.

The people and events in this story are fictional and do not represent anyone or anything from real life.

Synopsis: Cherry is at the end of her bimbo curse year, and it's time to pass the curse on.

Note: This is a sequel to my story "Bimbos and Cuffs." You can read this one without having read the first, but this one will make more sense if you read "Bimbos and Cuffs" first. If you want to read the other one first, go ahead. We'll wait here while you do.

Note: While we're waiting for the others to come back, I'd like to mention that this story is based on an idea offered by a fan. The girl is a bimbo herself, and she knows how a good bimbo story should go.

**********

Bimbos and Cuffs: Full Circle

Her hair was golden blonde and full, flowing down to her waist. Her boobs were simply overwhelming, squeezed together, perfectly round and swelled. The girl's lips were thick and bee-stung, red puffy pillows that just begged to wrap around a thick cock. Lush rounded hips curved inward to form a tiny waist. Her ass was a rounded half-moon bubble. It a body was built for pleasure. The blonde girl's eyes were enthusiastic but cheerfully lacking anything resembling intelligence.

I clenched my teeth as I stared at my reflection in the mirror. Or, at least, I tried to. It actually looked more like an adorable pucker. It was that last bit that really rankled me. I was built like a fucking over-sexed bimbo. I couldn't help that. But did I have to look and sound so brainless? Grrrrrrrrr. It was the nature of the curse that I had inherited almost one year ago from that bitch, Wendy.

At least I wouldn't be "Cherry" much longer. I had done everything the curse demanded. I had given over one hundred blowjobs (one hundred and four, to be specific. I hit ninety-nine three days ago, but I accidentally got drunk with a group of college guys that night. Oops), I had gotten butt-fucked one hundred and one times (I really didn't want to make any mistakes there) and I had gotten pussy-fucked one hundred and eleven times (don't ever drink with a biker gang and think you're going to entertain only one of them). I was at ninety-nine pussy lickings and I was ready to pass the curse on to some other lucky girl. But it had to be tonight. If I didn't pass this thing on by midnight, I was stuck like this permanently.

I turned away from the mirror and felt the momentum cause my boobs to jiggle side-to-side for several moments after I stopped moving. I giggled as they settled back into place. The problem with this curse was that the more I acted like a bubble-headed bimbo, the more natural it felt. My body was so fucking responsive to sex now that it was embarrassing, and I had a constant overwhelming need for cum. But that was all going to end tonight.

I looked over the potential candidates in the bar. I had returned to the very ladies-only bar where I had picked up Wendy last year. It seemed appropriate, and, as much as I really wanted some cum inside me, there were a lot more candidates for a pussy-licking this way.

My gaze rested on a redhead for a moment, then moved to a brunette sitting not far away. Both appeared to flirting with a group of biker chicks, so I continued looking around. At the other end of the bar sat a thin girl with longish black hair. There was something familiar about her. Then it hit me. I knew exactly who she was.

I jiggled my way to the end of the bar, hips twitching and rolling, and slid onto the bar stool next to the girl. She was exactly who I thought she was. This was too perfect.

"Hi, Wendy!" I chirped.

Wendy turned and blinked. "Cherry? Is that you?"

I couldn't believe my luck. Wendy. The girl who passed this bimbo curse to me in the first place was here, tonight of all nights.

I giggled. "Yeppers!" I said. I really couldn't wait to get rid of this airheaded vocabulary. At the moment, however, it was the only way I could speak. At least, until midnight.

"Oh, wow, look at you! You're still blonde and everything! Hasn't it been a year yet?" she said

.

I giggled. "Nopers! Not 'til, like, next week, you know?"

Wendy nodded. "Real soon, then! Have you done enough to pass it on yet?"

I giggled and shrugged, inadvertently causing my huge boobs to jiggle. "Ummmmm.....not yet. I still have, like, two or three blowjobs to go, and, like, I still gotta let someone do my ass again and stuff, you know? And I still gotta lick three more pussies. But I am sooooooo close! Isn't it exciting? Yay!"

Wendy smiled, knowing I couldn't help sounding like a bimbo teeny-bopper. "So what brings you here tonight, Cherry? You're not going to find any candidates for a blowjob or butt-fucking here, you know."

I giggled. "I knoooooooow, but heck, I still need to lick a few cuties, so I might as well get one tonight, you know?"

Wendy nodded. "Makes sense. Want a drink or are you on the prowl?"

I giggled. "I'm always on the prowl! Rawwwwr! But I'll totally hang for a drink or two first."

Wendy smiled. "Great! I'll buy!"

I smiled vapidly as she gave our order to the barmaid. Yes, I had lied to her about when the last day of the year was. And about how many blowjobs and butt-fuckings I had left. And how many pussy-lickings I had left. Yes, I had definitely lied. I had a delicious plan now, however. Heh.

I bought the next round of drinks. And the round after that. And the round after that as well. Wendy was definitely leery at first. Twice she had me take sips of her drink, and one time she switched our drinks completely. She made jokes about it, but she was obviously making sure I didn't spike her drink. That was fine with me. I wasn't trying to drug her; I was simply making sure she drank more than I did. I was subtly pouring substantial amounts of my drinks on the floor. I had to drink a fair amount to maintain the appearance, and I was buzzing pretty good, but soon she was swaying on the stool and ripe for picking. A good thing, since it had taken longer than I liked. It was getting late.

"Oh!" I said, "We're both, like, kinda buzzy! Why don't we go to my place? It's not far, you know, and you can lay down and stuff!"

"Oh, yeah...I memmer your place...heh. Yeah, less go, Cherry!" she said. I giggled. She was definitely drunk. An easy target. 

Getting her naked was even easier than I expected. She was aroused and wriggling and cooperated wonderfully when I started slipping her clothes off her body.

"Oh, hey, I memmer this room!" she said. "I was a total bimbo then."

I nodded as I slipped easily out of my clothes. I glanced at the clock, then pressed my boobs against hers and nibbled on her neck. "Yeppers, I remember," I said between nibbles. "You were totally hot and yummy."

"Mmmmmmm," she said. "You even let me cuff you to the bed."

"Rawwwwwr! I totally remember that! In fact, like, it's my turn to cuff you to the bed! You sooooooo owe me!"

Her foggy mind turned the thought over slowly. I could tell she knew something wasn't right about the idea, but she wasn't sure what. Finally, she nodded. "Yeah, okay, Cherry! That would be cool! But I want to hold the keys, alright?"

I giggled. "Awesome!" I said. I went to my nightstand and got my handcuffs and ankle cuffs out. "Lay down on your back, like, cutie," I said.

Wendy stretched out on my bed and allowed me to cuff her hands above her head and her ankles spread-eagle. Perfect! I crawled between her legs and looked at the clock. It read 11:33. I was cutting it closer than I liked, but there was still plenty of time.

"Oh! You are soooooo gonna love this!" I said. Then I giggled and went down on her.

I used every trick I had learned over the course of my previous ninety-nine pussy lickings. I worked her clit with my tongue mercilessly, bringing her to the edge several times, but not quite able to bring her all the way. My eyes kept darting to the clock on my nightstand. It read 11:54.

I could feel panic starting to build. I knew then that Wendy had realized what I was trying to do and she was actively resisting an orgasm. I began to run my tongue around her clit desperately, licking and sucking as her hips wriggled beneath me. Then, without warning, she suddenly cried out and her back arched. I continued licking her through the torrid orgasm, her spray across my cheeks telling me she wasn't faking it. Her writhing hips finally settled down and, with my heart beating in my throat, I looked at the clock.

11:58.

I squealed in exultation. I had done it! Number one hundred! I had just passed the bimbo virus back to Wendy!

Aroused by my own success, I crawled up the still-cuffed Wendy and straddled her mouth. I wanted to watch her lick my pussy as she slowly changed back into a lush, horny bimbo.

I leaned forward and grasped the railing just above Wendy's hands, then slowly pressed my smooth pussy against her mouth.

"Lick me, cutie!" I said with a giggle. "I soooooo want to, like, feel that tongue totally licking my clitty, you know?"

Then I blinked. I had just passed the virus or curse or whatever it was back to Wendy. Why the hell was I still talking in bimbo-speak?

And that's when I felt the handcuffs lock around my wrists.

Wendy wriggled out from underneath me and got to her feet. Too late I realized that when I grasped the railing above Wendy's hands, her wrists hadn't been cuffed. She had freed herself while I was licking her. Wendy looked down at me and shook her head.

"Did you really think I didn't know what day it was, bimbo?" she said.

On all fours, helplessly cuffed to the railing, I could only stammer. "B-b-but...you came! Before midnight! You should be, like, a total bimbo now!"

Wendy laughed. "I already had the curse, bimbo! You can't give the curse to someone who's already had it! Which you'd have heard me tell you if you hadn't been so busy staring in the mirror the day you got it from me."

My eyes were wide as I stared at the clock. 12:07.

"But...but...my year ended at midnight!" I said.

Wendy stepped over and patted my swelled bare ass. "Yep. You just became a horny, giggling, busty bimbo for good, sweetie. But look on the bright side. At least the curse stops here." Her hand rested on my ass, then slid down between my thighs.

I gasped as my thighs parted unconsciously. "But...oh!...that means...oh!...that I'm, like...oh!...totally stuck...oh! Oh!"

Wendy began stroking her fingers into my helplessly overheated bimbo pussy. My lush hips bucked back to meet her strokes despite my mental efforts to resist. Wendy had her cell phone in her free hand now and she pushed a button, then held the phone to her ear while her other hand continued to slide fingers back and forth inside me. I shuddered, my nipples hard, my huge bimbo boobs swaying as my belly muscles twitched and jumped in response to Wendy's ministrations. I tried to wrap my brain around the fact that I was trapped in this lush bimbo body for good, my intelligence permanently hidden behind bubble-headed expressions and airheaded bimbo-speak, but my body was succumbing to the heat generated by those slim fingers sliding over my clit.I couldn't help it. I was so damn hot now. Permanently.

"Tony?" I heard Wendy say, as if far away. "Yeah, it's Wendy. I know it's late. Hey, remember that chick I told you about last year? When I had that damn bimbo virus? Yes, today is the day. Yeah, she tried to get me! Can you believe it? Anyway, come on over. Bring friends."

THE END

As always, feedback is always welcomed and appreciated. Positive or negative.