 It was my second night house sitting for friends of Dad, actually they were just letting me use the place. Their townhouse is on the 48th floor, the top one, with floor to ceiling windows along one side of the living room. Oh it isn't the tallest building in the neighborhood, not anymore. The one across the street has 60 floors and a new one was being built next to it that will be 65. Dad's friend and his wife are spending the summer in the south of France at one of their 'other' homes.

Work, the first day there, had gone well. At least I hadn't been fired. Just out of college at a prestigious university in a small town, I was just a little wet behind the ears. I knew it too. Never a wild child, I felt I had my head screwed on my shoulder pretty well. I thought of myself as pretty, some had said beautiful, but compared to some of the women at work, I felt like an ugly duckling.

The lights of the city filled the darkened living room as I walked across the tile floor, across the large Oriental carpets. The carpets were a stark contrast to the cold tile for my bare feet. I would stop and just feel the smooth 100 year old material, wiggle my toes, twist my feet, against it. I had found the wine closet and it was filled with lots of nice vintage bottles. They had told me all the good ones were put away in a second cabinet and I could help myself to these. If these were the 'cheap' bottles, I could not imagine what the others were like. A glass of Merlot in my hand, I was heading towards a soft leather chair to relax.

As I lowered myself, my not so long night shirt rode up so the cool leather of the chair pressed against my bare bottom. I stretched my long legs out and rested my feet on the marble top of the low table. Oh the good life. I sipped my wine and just gazed out the windows, not really focusing on anything. Just letting my mind drift.

It wasn't very late when I put my empty glass on the table, but when I woke up, still in the chair, it was about 11:30. Startled, I looked around and soon realized where I was. I still forget. A finger rested between my legs, I was a mess. Must have masturbated, must have cum, while I was asleep. Don't remember that, did it feel good?

With the lights off, I felt 'safe' that people in the other building could not see me. What did I know? Some motion in a living room across the street caught my attention. Much like this place; big tall windows, no drapes, I watched a woman walking around. I wasn't blind and it didn't take a telescope to see she was pretty. She was wearing on some kind of short robe. As she moved, the front would open some, then close. Looked like she had a nice body.

I watched and let my mind fill in some of the details while I let my finger work its wonders over my clit. I would close my eyes, imagine, then glance up for a quick shot of reality. Both the fantasy and the reality were very enjoyable. On one glance, I found her pressed against the window, her robe now gone, her hand between her legs. Oh my God was she so lovely. I was enthralled with the way her breasts were flattened against the glass, her nipples pushed back into the soft mounds of flesh. She kissed the glass, her lips parted a little as if someone's tongue was buried between them. My fingers pulled my pussy lips far apart as if showing just her the pink skin inside. If she wanted her tongue there, I was ready.

My orgasm finished, I rested my arm on the back of the chair. She waked away. The timing was interesting. Did she put on a show just for me? I didn't think she could see me. The lights went out in her place and I went to bed. The dreams were vivid and the morning came far too soon.

I walked by the Red Flame, a popular breakfast and lunch place near the huge office building where I was working. It seemed to have a momentary lull from it usual mob scene, so I turned back. A stool at the counter was empty and I sat down. Men on either side of me were drinking coffee and reading the Wall Street Journal. Everyone was dressed nicely, seemed to be expected for working in this town. No casual dress unless you were a bike messenger or other delivery kind of service worker. A cup of coffee rested in my hand, did I ever need a cup this morning, while I waited for my eggs and toast. Neither man seemed to notice me the whole time I was there. I left and they were still reading their papers. I didn't think I was that unattractive.

"Hi Cindy!" It was Janice, the bubbling receptionist. She knew everyone, all 731 of us. I didn't know how she did it. There were days I couldn't even remember my name. Just an intern, all I had was a cubical in the middle of a large floor. Around the edges were the offices of the big shots and people that made the real money for the company. I pictured most of them having the kind of money the people that owned where I was living to have. Not just men either. I would guess maybe 20 percent of them were women. Some real knock outs too. I didn't think of myself as a gold digger, but sure wouldn't scream harassment if any of them touched my ass. Made my pussy drip just to think about it.

"Shit!" I hoped I'd not said that too loud as I realized what I'd just said.

"You okay Cindy?" A voice from the next cubical.

"Yeah. Just found 343 emails in my inbox."

"That's nothing. I had 976 this morning. It'll take until lunch just to find the important ones."

My phone rang off the hook. My boss kept dropping file folders on my desk with Post-its on each letting me know when it should be finished.

That evening as I walked the 10 blocks home, I passed the hundreds of camera stores in the area, all looking like the last one. Must have been the 15th one when I stopped and looked in the window. 

A man that didn't speak good English stood in the door. "Want something in particular? Those are nice binoculars you're looking at. Come in. Let me show you."

He placed a pair on a padded mat in front of me. "7 x 50. Lightweight. Good for sporting events, hunting."

Did he read my mind? I guess that summed up last night pretty well. Specially the 'hunting' part. Well I guess even the sporting events.

I looked out the door at the store window across the street. I could see the customers at the cash register very well. Nice boobs on that one. Hey lady, I have room in my bed.

I fingered the price tag. $89.95

"This the best price you can do?"

"For the lovely lady, $75."

I put my fingers over the edge of the fabric covering my breasts revealing a little more.

"Okay, okay. $69. My best offer."

"I'll take it." Being a woman could have its advantages. Hated to do that, but at times I enjoyed exposing a little skin to a stranger.

The bag with the binoculars swung by my purse as I walked out the store. I'll be able to see those nipples tonight, hell, with these even the drops down her thigh. Speaking of drops down the thigh ...

I looked at people around me as I walked. In front of me, a tight black skirt outlined a shapely set of hips. Bet they'd feel nice against my mouth. They moved, wiggled, jiggled, back and forth as her legs, covered in shear nylon, her feet encased in high heals, propelled her forward. An old lady with a sign held a can and leaned against a wall. The woman with the hips, probably worth millions, slipped a buck into the can without even looking at her. I remembered a five from lunch and started to put it in the can. The old lady grabbed it and put it in her pocked. I smiled knowing she was trying to make it appear she didn't have much in the can. I was almost glad when the hips went a different direction at the next light.

"Good evening Ms Barton." Frank the doorman addressed every resident by name and tipped his hat. 

I walked thru the door he held open for me. "You're looking too good Frank, may have to take my heart medicine again."

"Thanks Ms Barton." Frank was a dirty old man and I knew he jump my bones if I were to give him half a chance. No way. Not in this lifetime.

Quickly changed into just a long t-shirt and pulled a Corona from the fridge. I sucked half down in one gulp. Sometimes a beer is required, like after a long walk on a hot afternoon. In here, it was always a comfortable 70.

I sat in 'my' chair and took the binoculars out of the box. There was 20 times more packing than the size of them. Gag me. I looked at the neighboring buildings. Wow! Things were like an arms distance away. There was an old woman putting her groceries away; a middle age man hanging his suit up, his closet looked sinfully neat, probably with all the colors grouped together; a nice couple kissing. I watched them for a moment to see if it might get more steamy.

Her hand stroked the front of his pants. His rubbed his over her hips. Their mouths still locked together. She unzipped him and pulled out his cock. His hand unbuttoned her blouse and exposed a bare breast. She began to jerk him off. My fingers flicked my clit like a light switch in a power failure. I almost dropped the binoculars. As I found the window again, they were gone. Fuck! That was hot watching them. I finally had a small orgasm. Needed to save my clit for latter.

Another beer, a small dinner. I fell asleep in my chair. I woke up and it was 2:30. Her apartment was dark.

Leaving work on the crowded elevator, I heard a voice. "Missed you last night." It didn't register that it was directed at me and I stepped into the lobby as the doors opened.

The man at the camera store was standing in the doorway. "How were the neighbors?"

I just looked puzzled as I turned towards him.

"You know, the binoculars. Everyone has them so they can watch their neighbors."

"Oh ... wonderful. Just wonderful. Can count the hairs between their ..." I walked on. I need to take different way home. Same people, the old lady, the woman with the nice ass. Same people, same time. Almost like something from a bad movie.

"Good evening Ms Barton." 

Damn, why isn't there a backdoor? "How's the little woman Frank?" I wanted to add 'Keeping her satisfied?' but I bit my tongue and was nice. I guessed he was probably one of those men who thought they were God's gift to women and with a small dick too. Didn't want to find out either.

Tonight I tried hard to stay awake leaving the room dark, binoculars laying next to me. Sure enough at 11:30, she stood near her window. Dressed in the same robe, she fingered her nipple. As I raised the binoculars and peered though them, I could see her rub her tongue across her lips and it looked like she nodded her head up and down, almost like she was approving of me watching.

She moved the small part of the robe still covering her stomach and below to the top of her thighs. Oh my goodness! She was so lovely. My fingers hit the mark and were making love to my clit as I watched. Her fingers seemed to mimic mine. Now she was leaning against the window, her fingers still between her legs. I could clearly see them working there way in and out. Those nipples looked so delicious against the glass. How I wished it were my mouth they were pressed against. A glow swept over me. Her head jerked back, her mouth made a large 'O'. I imagined that we both had our orgasm at the same time. She walked away, her hips making an obvious wiggle at me, the lights were turned out.

Jared awake by jackhammers and the banging of steel beams at the new building going up, I tried to roll over and go back to sleep. No go. Naked, I dragged my body into the bathroom, then into the kitchen. A fresh cup of coffee in hand, I stood by the window watching the workers. It wasn't very long till I saw one of the guys pumping his hands up and down like he was jacking off. I cupped my hand between my legs and rubbed myself. He stroked the front of his jeans. I leaned against the glass like the woman across the street would do at night. He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. Damn, he was hung. Another worker must have asked why, because he pointed my way. I turned and wiggled my ass at both of them, then walked away from the window.

Leaving work, the elevator was even more crowded than yesterday. It was like a sardine can. I couldn't even turn my head. "I enjoyed last night. It was great." I recognized it as the voice from last night, but I couldn't find a face. The doors opened and the crowd merged with the crowd in the lobby. It could have been any of hundreds of women I saw.

I saw the couple with their foreplay several times over the next few nights, but the real object of my attention didn't appear. I didn't hear the voice in the elevator either. I almost felt a sense of loss as I walked home.

"My, my, Frank. Don't you look dashing tonight." I beat him to the punch. I sometimes pictured him, head filled with complements from great looking women, then hurrying home and nailing his chubby wife by the front door.

"Good evening Ms Barton."

Not a lot of variety to Frank. Probably meat loaf every Wednesday. Probably not a lot of variety to their sex either.

Show time. 11:30. Oh my God, there she is. Time for my bedtime story. Come to momma. It seemed like she was more wanton, maybe a larger orgasm. Had she missed her performances the last few nights?

Tonight I looked around as I got on the elevator, packed as usual. No one stood out. Just a sea of faces. "I was away. Sorry." It was her. Damn, why can't I see her? Again a mass of humanity merging with another mass of humanity after the doors opened. She was gone.

I left a little light on in the living room. I even bought a nice silk hip length robe on the way home. As she appeared, I stood close to the window and held part of the bottom of the robe to one side, revealing my pussy. I could see my reflection in the window and I assumed she could see me. She nodded her head as she touched her nipple. My finger touched my navel, hers did the same. As I moved my finger, she followed. I could see her smile.

I was getting desperate to pick her out from the others in the elevator, always too crowded though. "Very nice. You are pretty." Her voice made my pussy gush. I wanted to ride her face, I wanted to lick her pussy. God, did she ever make me hot. Too many people around for me to do what I needed to do to myself.

For the next few weeks, I would spend the evening watching the couple make out, the man hang his suit up, the old woman put her groceries away, and the mystery lady in the robe masturbate for me. It was almost like a little perverted family that I was a member of. The mystery woman was the only one I was sure was performing for me.

My morning routine was almost as regular as my evening one. The 2 men at the Red Flame counter still read their papers, drank their coffee. That spot seemed to now be reserved for me. The men had actually started nodding their heads or saying 'hello'. Guess that was a large conversation to them.

After paying one day, just out the door, I heard "I dream of you." I stopped quickly and she bumped into me. I turned. It was her. Oh my, it was really her. I didn't have to move, our lips pressed together as I turned. We were that close.

She pulled her face back a fraction of an inch. "Well hello to you too."

I could feel the heat from her body pressed against mine. "I want to meet you."

"Think we just did."

"I'm Cindy."

"I know. I'm Roberta."

She was even more lovely up close. What had been perfect skin in the binoculars was amazingly lovely up close. Those lips, oh my, lips I could get lost in. I just looked for a moment. What a lovely person.

"Lunch?"

"Sorry, just had breakfast."

She was being coy, jerking my chain.

"Of course. I mean will you have lunch with me today. We seem to work in the same building. Maybe about 11:30?"

"Closer than just the same building. Meet you in the plaza at 11:30. Gotta hurry now."

She walked quickly away. I just stood and watched, memorizing how the back of her looked.

The morning dragged; reports, graphs, lots of email to answer. My mind just wasn't on it. I hoped I wasn't making too many errors.

I waved my hand in the air as I saw her walk out of the building. "Over here." I yelled. Wishing I hadn't been quite so loud, I covered my mouth with my hand.

"Not excited are we?"

"Oh Roberta, sorry. You make my heart skip a few beats."

"Actually, you do the same to me."

"Really?"

"I was so happy you played along with me all these evenings. Some mornings, cleaning the windows was hard. You really would get me sopping wet."

"Yeah. Must have gone through several bottles of leather cleaner myself. Come over tonight. Please. I bite softly."

"Tempting. I don't get home until nearly eleven far too often."

"I can stay awake, or set the alarm. I'll let Frank the doorman know I'm expecting you."

Late, a knock on the door. I opened it. Barefoot, wearing just the robe I'd bought to play window games, not fastened, leaving me quite exposed, I stood looking at Roberta.

"Hi darling." Roberta wrapped her arms around me and pressed those wonderful lips against mine for not nearly long enough.

"Well baby, I'm yours now." I looked into her eyes with my best bedrooms eyes. She could have dragged me by the hair across the floor and onto the bed. I was ready for anything.

I fell backwards onto the mattress, my robe falling open.

"My don't you look delicious."

I woke up alone, satisfied, but alone. Her panties lay on the other pillow with a note. "Sneak another peek soon." I pressed them to my face and remembered last night.

The sidewalk floated under my feet, clouds parted. I didn't know if we would be in the same bed, but I knew I'd see her in the window once in a while.

"Looking good this morning." Janice called out.

It had been a hard initial bunch of weeks at work, but now I was settling in and feeling much more comfortable. Now I was actually taking time for lunch almost every day. Lunch time provided some interesting viewing. The plaza was usually packed, not just with people in my building, but from others in the area. All the people in just our building would make a town bigger than many in this country. Lots of fine bodies, hot women, nicely dressed. It seemed that the woman with a nice butt I'd seen the first few days, had multiplied a few thousand times.

A luscious blonde sat on the wall not far from me, maybe 15 feet separated us. Her foot rested on the wall in front of her hip. Not a good view for me, but probably great for others. Some nice looking guy, a Marlboro Man in a suit, walked by her.

"Nice panties."

"Who said you could look?"

"Didn't have too. They were just there."

"But I didn't want you to just look."

"Maybe you wanted me to fuck you right here?"

"Get yourself a pussy and then come back."

She put her leg down and the guy walked away.

I turned enough so I could stretch my leg along the wall towards her, the foot just over the edge, the other dangled leaving a limited, but great view up my dress. It didn't take long for her to notice. Her gaze was intense. I knew she was locked in on my naked crotch. She twisted enough to mirror the way I sat. I looked around and most of the people had gone back to work, we were alone. My hand slid up my thigh. Her hand too. My finger pulled my lips apart. Hers pulled a leg hole to one side showing me hers. We smiled at each other.

She stood in front of me and I turned to face her, legs still parted wide, skirt pulled up high on my thighs.

"Great view. I'm Belinda."

"Cindy. I'm lez."

"I was hoping."

"Kind of new here."

"Just moved here last week. Big city."

"Very different than where I grew up."

She took my hand and placed it on her waist. "Wish I didn't have to go back to work."

"I'll meet you here at 5:15. Takes that long to get down the elevator."

"I know. I'll be here as soon as I can."

The elevator dropped pasted 10 on the way down. "Enjoy your new friend."
