 Hey peoples, feel free to respond to this, it's the first story I've done, hopefully more will be on the way, depending on feedback...

* * * * *

It was my birthday 19th birthday today, and my girlfriend Sara had promised me a very long birthday present tonight. As I stood in front of my mirror with my towel wrapped around my naked body, fresh from my nice warm shower, brushing my long blonde hair, my mind drifted back to a week ago.

*

My back arched as my girlfriend slowly lapped away at my waxed pussy. I stifled a moan as one of her long, slender fingers worked its way along my belly toward my left breast, using her nail to gently scrape the base of my erect nipple, on the areolae. Lifting her head from between my tanned, toned and spread legs, she whispered huskily, "I bet you would like to cum now, wouldn't you?"

In the aroused state I was in, that was something of a an understatement. I let of a loud gasp of pleasure as she ran her tongue the length of my hot and wet slit, stopping to gently graze against my hard clit. "Yes. . . . please. . . . let me cum. . . . please!!"

Sara slowly inserted her right index finger into my hot pussy, gently pumping me as my fists clenched and toes curled. She grinned wickedly at my writhing form before lowering her face to my aching cunt as she enclosed my hard nub in her mouth, suckling on it and beating at it with her tongue. Wave upon wave of intense pleasure coursed through me, eliciting a long loud moan from my mouth as my eyes rolled and my pussy muscles contracted violently.

Letting me calm down from my orgasm, my breathing heavy and my body sweating a little, Sara laid herself next to me, stroking my tummy lightly with her hand.

"Did enjoy that?" she whispered.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmm, I loved it baby" I murmured, turning to kiss her on her full lips, our tongues fencing each other. She pulled away and playfully pinched my left nipple.

I slapped her hand away playfully. "Ouch, you bitch!" I exclaimed, laughing as Sara feigned indignant hurt, and responded with a slightly harder pinch to my right. My reply was simple, I rolled on top of her and grabbed her hands and pulled them down next to her body, pinning them at her sides with my legs, also next to her body. Now I was straddling her stomach.

"My my, how the tables have turned. . . . and I owe you still for that amazing orgasm, don't I?" I said, sliding my hands lightly across Sara's upper body, paying her back for my nipples by pinching both of hers lightly and pulling and twisting slightly, letting them go and watching as her breasts fall back onto her chest.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh that's cruel!" she cried out as she squirmed underneath, nearly unbalancing me from her midriff.

"Awwwwwwwwww, what's the matter baby? You and I both know you love it!" I say, grinning as she struggled to dislodge me, bucking and writhing under my merciless hands and fingers, dancing along the curves of her breasts, tickling her flesh into goose bumps. The musky smell of her pussy started to permeate the air, giving away aroused state.

"Baby, stop for a moment!" Sara begged. Deciding to relent for now, I gave her my mercy. "What is it?" I asked her.

"Your birthday is coming up, and I want to save myself for then!" she exclaimed as I decided to play with her pussy gently, sliding my index finger along the length of her waxed vagina, stopping to gently push against her hard clitoris.

"Save yourself? What do you mean?" I asked her. "I mean that your birthday is in just over a week, and I want to save myself so you and I can have some kinky wild sex on your birthday night!" she exclaimed, grinning and winking at me. . . .

* * * * * * *

So there I was, one week later, brushing my hair, getting ready to visit my family. Sara said she would meet me at my parents house later, but she had to go prepare my birthday present. Silently I hoped that my birthday present had something to do with tonight. I dropped my towel to the floor, staring at my body in the mirror.

And here I should maybe back up a little and explain exactly what I look like. I'm tall, about 6 foot 1 inch without heels, with long blonde hair down to my shoulder blades. I have blue eyes, and my breasts fill a 34dd cup bra. My tummy and shoulders are toned, owing to my martial arts training and my sex life. I keep my pussy waxed bald, like it is now in front of my mirror, and my ass is peach shaped, depending on how u look at it. In truth I have what some people call the "one and a half hander ass", leading gown to my long, tanned and toned legs. I keep my legs and armpits hairless at all times, just like now.

I grinned at the thought at what I hoped would be my birthday present from Sara as I started to get dressed, nothing skimpy and not over clothed, just a black, knee high skirt, some joggers, and a pale yellow shirt. I put my towel on the line on the balcony of the apartment and headed to my room, grabbing my purse and sunglasses as I headed down the stairs to our apartment, unlocking my car. As I drove the half hour to my parents home, my girlfriend text messaged me , saying she would be at my parents house in about an hour.

As I drove up the driveway to my parents two story house, my younger brother was in the front yard. He waved to me as I parked, coming over to me. He hugged me as we said hello. We walked inside and were met by my parents. My father is not quite as tall as me, but built like a brick sh#t house anyway. My mother on the other hand is a short woman, very attractive and busty nonetheless. Apart from the height difference, I'm the spitting image of my mother.

We sat down in the lounge room while we waited for my girlfriend. Yes, my family knows that I'm bisexual, and they are supportive. At first there were some amusing jokes floated around because of it, sometimes my girlfriend joined in, but after a while it seemed that the idea of it became old news.

Finally my girlfriend arrived, driving her own car up the driveway, parking behind mine. She knocked on the door before my brother let her, greeting her with a hug. They walked into the lounge room, greeting my parents.

We stayed for lunch, eating and chatting happily. After lunch my brother brought the cake out. Everybody sang happy birthday, and we ate cake. About three thirty in the evening Sara and I decided it was time to head home. Saying our farewells we drove home.

As we reached our apartment on the third floor, Sara playfully grabbed my ass. I unlocked the door as Sara pushed my skirt up and slid her hand up my leg to my ass. We stepped inside quickly, and I closed the door.

Sara then pushed me against the closed door, and nearly ripped my skirt off. "Oh, no panties at all!" she exclaimed. "That's very naughty of you, you need a spanking for this!" she said forcefully. Grabbing me by the hair, she half dragged me into the bedroom. She stopped at the doorway, letting me look inside. I couldn't hide my surprise or my overriding joy. Laying on the bed was an assortment of sex toys. Sara let go of my hair and we walked into the room together.

I walked to the edge of the queen sized bed and picked a large pink vibrator. Sara grinned as she saw me looking at it. "Like that one huh? I've had them all made compatible with rechargeable batteries, so we wont be running out of fun any time soon!"

I laid it back on the bed, looking at the collection. In the middle of my bed was a small and strange looking device. I picked up, looking at it quizzically. "Remote controlled clit vibrator" Sara said, picking up the remote next to it and turning it on in my hand.

"Wow" was all I could think to say. Sara pointed to the cupboard in the corner. "There are outfits in there as well, but they are for later. Right now, lets shower and eat some food for tonight eh?"

I nodded. I walked inside the bathroom, quickly losing my clothes and stepping in. Sara followed me in. The back of my head bumped into something, and turning around I saw it was a pair of bonds, attached to the wall by what appeared a glue like resin. "Waterproof wrist bonds, secured by a water resistant glue that dissolves when sprayed with a sugar and soap compound" Sara commented. I raised my eyebrows at it before turning to face her slowly. I grinned and licked my lips at her as I raised my hands above my head. Sara grinned and moved to my side. She placed the bonds around both of my wrists as she kissed me. Stepping back and looking at her handiwork, she reached out and gently flicked my left nipple. I struggled against the bonds for a moment, testing their strength. "Can you get out?" she asked. I shook my head. Sara grinned evilly and lent in close to me. "Good" she whispered into my ear.

Sara turned the water on, letting it heat up to a nice temperature. Sara then proceeded to quickly wash herself while I watched. After she finished, she turned to me. Coming in close, she kissed me hard on the lips, pressing her thigh against my pussy as I rubbed my pussy against her bare leg. Sara pulled her lips away, and grabbed the washer. Slowly she caressed my face, then moving lower. She reached my breasts, and carefully washed them, the rough surface of the washer causing my nipples to harden. Sara carefully avoided my nipples, and continued downwards. Sara washed my tummy quickly, pausing once or twice to tweak my erect nipples. Sara proceeded downwards once more. I spread my legs for her, hoping she would use the washer on my pussy. Sara washed my hips and slid inwards, but at the last minute she slid her hands downwards away from my hot pussy. Using the washer, she cleaned my legs, before she dropped the washer on the floor and slid her hands upwards. Sara lightly traced my legs with her fingers, teasing my inner thighs as I moaned quietly. Sara looked up at me and licked her lips. "Is something wrong?" she asked innocently, as her fingers started to trace the lips of my outer labia. "N-n-no!" I managed to gasp out as she carefully pulled the lips back, revealing my pink inners.

"Good, I was worried I'd have to stop!" Sara replied, before lowering her head and running her tongue up and down my pussy with my lips spread, opening me up for her talented tongue on my pussy. Sara inserted first one finger, then two into my pussy, pumping me slowly. I could feel each digit pushing back and forth in me. Sara flicked my clit with her tongue. My legs nearly buckled underneath me as I felt an orgasm impending. Sara quickly stood up. I groaned in sexual frustration as she smiled at me. "Turn around slut, you still need a spanking!" she commanded.

I hastily obeyed, turning and thrusting my ass out for her while spreading my legs as far as I could. Sara ran a hand gently over my ass as she stroked my right tit, hanging from my chest, erect nipple aching to be touched. "Now, we were at you parents place for approximately four hours, so we'll times that by five, and u get twenty slaps, don't you. . . . slave?" Sara asked, quietly yet powerfully.

A shiver went up and down my spine as she said the word "slave". I quickly got into the role of the submissive slut. "Yes mistress" I said.

Sara patted my bum for a moment. I closed my eyes and waited. "Count them bitch, and if you miss one we start over" Sara said. I nodded, feeling her take her hand off my ass. Sara must have deliberately waited for my ass to relax, because as soon as I untensed my ass, she brought her hand down on it in a flurry of five slaps on my left ass cheek.

SMACK!! SMACK!! SMACK!! SMACK!! SMACK!!

"Aaaaaahh. . . One. Ahhhhhh. . . Two. Ahhhhhhhhh. . . Three. Yeow. . . Four. Oooooooch. . . Five. . . " I gasped out as Sara caressed my now pink cheek gently. "Good slut, only fifteen to go whore" she whispered in my ear, using her other hand now to stroke my pussy slowly, gently circling around my clit. I pushed back against her hand as she pinched my left ass cheek. "Wait here, I've got a surprise for my slut."

I nodded quietly as I watched her leave the shower. She must have been gone for about three minutes when I heard her call out to me to close my eyes again.

I closed them and heard her enter the shower behind me. On the way in she slapped my right ass cheek. "Aaaaaah. . . . Six!" I groaned out.

Sara patted my pussy with her fingers, sending thrills through my body each time her fingers slapped against my cunt. "Good slave, just checking you were paying attention."

I nodded. "Oh, I am mistress" I murmured. I could hear her moving behind me, and without warning, I felt something enter my pussy hard. I almost came right there and then. I moaned loudly as Sara thrust in and out twice with the strap on she was wearing.

"Does my slut like being fucked and spanked at the same time? I bet she does, I bet my slave would beg for me to fuck her hard and spank her while I do it if it pleased me. . . which it does. Now beg for a hard fucking bitch!"

I moaned as she pushed her nine inch dildo inside me. "Oooooooooooooooooooh, yes mistress. . . . spank your slut and fuck her like the bitch she is. . . . ooooooooooh fuck mistress. . . . please. . . . make your slut scream with pleasure!" I gasped as Sara pushed into me again and again.

"Ohhhhhhhh slave, lets drop the counting, cos your gonna get way more then twenty!" Sara exclaimed, bringing her hand down onto my ass again, the smack ringing through the bathroom and apartment.

It was all I could do to stand upright as Sara spanked and fucked me mercilessly in the shower, thrusting and pumping while she smacked me again and again, leaving my ass with finger and hand prints across it, red and hot.

Sara pulled my hair with one of her hands, pulling me back harder and harder as I screamed in pleasure. "Are you gonna cum slut?" Sara asked. "Yesssssssssssss!!" I hissed back as her pumping sped up. My breath was coming in ragged gasps as Sara more or less fucked me into the wall, my head against my arms that were suspended in the bonds as my body pressed against them time and time again. Finally, I let out a loud scream as I came. My legs buckled completely as Sara pressed me hard against the wall, keeping me upright, and burying the fake cock into my cunt as far as she could.

I relaxed completely against the wall as Sara pinched and pulled my nipples gently. Sara untied me from the bonds, letting my arms down. I wrapped them around her neck as I kissed her, driving my tongue as far as I could into her mouth. Sara kissed me back, pulling away slowly. She took me by the hands, leading me from the bathroom to the bedroom. "Now slave, on the bed. The time is about six thirty, and it's your birthday until midnight, let see if we can make you cum a couple more times eh?"