 Hey all, sorry about the wait for this next piece of work, my computer has been having technical difficulties. But, due to a rather unexpected amount of feedback, my girlfriend and I decided to sit down and tell you people the rest of my birthday story. So everybody enjoy!! Feel free to respond to this and let me know if you peoples want more stories!

* * * * *

Fresh from our shower, still dripping wet, in both meanings of the phrase, I hurriedly swept everything off the bed. Then I laid on my back on the bed, spreading my legs wide as Sara lay on top of me, gently teasing my still hard clit with the fake cock.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, that feels good" I murmured to her as she started to kiss and blow lightly into my ear.

"Good, now slave, close your eyes and spread your arms to the bedposts" she whispered.

Nodding, I closed my eyes and raised my arms to the bedposts, leaving myself spread-eagled. I felt Sara get up off the bed and heard her move to the side of the bed. I heard more movement before I felt her get back onto the bed. Sara first took my left hand and I felt her put something around my wrist. The I heard a click and realised that she was cuffing me to the bed. I sighed quietly, as she cuffed the other end of the cuff to the bedpost. Sara the straddled me across the chest looking down at me. She lent forwards and kissed me quickly, and before I could touch her with my tongue she had pulled back and lent forwards to cuff my right wrist.

As Sara finished cuffing my wrists, she pinched both nipples hard. Unable to keep my eyes closed, I flicked them open as a sharp pain and an after sensation of pleasure coursed through my body. I grinned up at her as she looked down at me evilly and held up her hands, holding two pairs of ankle cuffs. I nodded. Wordlessly I raised my legs from the bed, spreading them wide as Sara shifted around so she was facing my legs. Quickly and without preamble, Sara cuffed my legs to form a V shape on the bed, vertical from the bed.

After she finished, Sara got up, admiring her handiwork. To sum up my look, I was lying on my back, my arms above my head and spread, cuffed to the bedposts, and my legs were raised in the air, spread so my wet and very, very hot pussy was exposed for her to toy with at her will.

Sara came up to the bottom of the bed. As she looked down at me, she remarked very casually "Oh, slave, I almost forgot, tonight I'm going to clamp your clitoris while I watch my favourite television show."

I nodded quietly. Without warning, Sara slapped my pussy hard. "Answer me when I speak to you bitch!" she almost shouted at me.

I gasped as I felt her fingers slap against my exposed clitoris. "Yesssssssss!!"

Sara then slowly started to stroke the backs of my upraised legs slowly with the tips of her fingers, trailing from the back of my ankle to the backs of my knees. She pulled away and bent down next to the bed, straightening up, holding a long feather in her hands.

"My my, this IS fun, isn't it?" Sara said to herself more than me.

Sara came up and stood next my head. "Close your eyes slave", Sara said as she stroked the feather under my nose slowly.

I did as I was told, and I felt Sara move the feather slowly against my face, sliding the soft tip along my nose, down to my top lip, then my bottom lip. I opened my mouth slightly and breathed a contented sigh. Sara trailed the tip of the feather slowly down my face to my neck, rubbing the tip slowly up and down the sides of my neck. Sara slid the feather down further, fluttering it softly above my breasts.

Rubbing the feather around the firm curve of my left breast, Sara teased the underside of my boob, sliding against the sensitive underside, then back over the top, then around my areola, then down the firm outer side and back to the underneath, back up once more but this time on the inner side, and finally I felt the feather trace oh-so-lightly to my nipple. I held my breath as Sara slid the feather towards my very hard and erect nipple, my breasts tingling and my pussy getting insanely hot and aching. At the last second, Sara took the feather away from my breast completely, leaving me no sensations whatsoever.

Groaning in frustration, I let my breath out in a soft hiss. I heard Sara chuckle softly under her breath.

Sara must have waited for about five minutes before touching me again. The whole time between all I heard was silence. Then without warning, and causing me to jump a little, I felt the soft feather tip, again on my face, working its way slowly down my face and neck, towards my right breast this time.

Sara traced the entire perimeter of my boob this time, and in slowly tightening circles, slid the feather towards my aching nipple. As the feather got closer, Sara moved it slower, making me wait and ache. After several long minutes of Sara teasing my breast, she slid the feather towards my nipple. Again, she pulled away at the last second, only this time, she trailed the feather down my breast and onto my stomach.

I groaned in pleasure and frustration. Sara laid the feather on my stomach. I felt her lean in close to me and whisper into my ear with her hot breath "I think I should blindfold you, just in case you try to ruin my fun slave."

I nodded. I heard Sara move, and a moment later, I felt her slip soft leather blindfold over my eyes. Then Sara resumed her teasing with that feather again.

Sara slowly trailed the feather down my tummy, and then up again, then back down slowly. I heard Sara move down towards the end of the bed. Then I felt Sara slide the feather down my tummy to right above my wet and more then likely steaming pussy. Involuntarily, I squirmed a little as Sara slowly traced my naked outer lips with the feather, being careful not to let me touch myself on my clitoris by accident.

Ever so gently, Sara slid the tip of the feather down my left outer lip, from top to bottom, then back up again, this time on the right lip. Then Sara trailed the feather directly down my slit, starting just below my frustrated clitoris, and finishing at my ass.

Sara slowly slid the feather to my legs now, trailing up and down the backs of my legs softly as I groaned in frustration and need. My body was squirming uncontrollably and my hot pussy was aching and gaping.

Finally, after teasing me for what seemed like hours, Sara laid the feather on the floor, the tip of which was now damp with my juice.

Sara kneeled at the base of the bed, and blew cool air directly onto my hard clitoris, raising goose bumps on my skin all over, and causing me to almost cry out. Sara traced my wet pussy with her fingers for a moment before she used her index finger and middle finger to part my lips wide, laying her tongue flat against my hot cunt, and sliding slowly from the bottom of my wet pussy all the way to the top, flicking softly at my clitoris with her tongue as she finished her slide. The stimulation against my clitoris nearly sent me over the edge as my breath caught and my head spun.

Sara waited a full minute before repeating this little tease again, this time giving me two laps up and down my pussy and finishing it with a light flick on my clitoris. I writhed and squirmed helplessly in my cuffs, my breathing heavy, my nipples hard and my pussy on fire. Once more Sara waited. Without warning I felt her tongue back on my pussy. Three laps and two flicks at my clitoris this time, and finally I couldn't hold my silence any longer.

"Oh god Sara, please let me cum mistress!!" I begged her. Sara laughed, her laughter sounding musical yet so cruel. I felt her get up and then I felt her pinch both my hard nipples roughly. "Silence slave", was all she said to me.

My breaths were coming in ragged gasps as I heard a buzzing. Then I felt something getting attached to just above my clitoris. The buzzing sent vibrations to it however, and I realised that Sara was using a vibrator of some kind. Then I felt a sharp bite on my clitoris, causing me to gasp and cry out. I moved my hips to try and get rid of the biting feeling, but my movements seemed to make the biting tighter, but at the same time better.

Sara lent forwards and tweaked my nipples hard. "Slave, I have attached a clitoris vibe and a clit clamp to your hot slut cunt. The vibe is on it's lowest setting, so you wont be able to cum, but your movements with your hips is making that clamp feel tighter isn't it? That is because the clamp is weighted. Keep moving like that and you will cum, but as I haven't said you may cum yet, you are not to make yourself cum. If you do, then my fun will be ruined, and I– will- be- most– displeased!" Sara emphasised her last words by slapping my sensitive breasts softly but firmly, right over the nipples, making me almost cream right then.

Struggling to regain some control of myself, I nodded and managed to gasp out "Yes mistress."

I felt Sara get up off the bed and leave the room, only to hear the television on moments later. I groaned in frustration and desperate, wanton need as I realised it was time for her television show. The buzzing just above my clitoris went on and on, sending vibrations down to my hard clit and making me wiggle gently, trying not to tighten the clamp.

Finally, after an hour (that's how long the show went for) Sara came back into the room. I can only imagine what I must have looked like, with a clit vibe and clamp attached to me, my pussy in a royal state of hot, wet, helpless need, my nipples rock hard and my head tossing desperately from side to side.

Sara quickly removed the clamp, making me sigh in relief, but also in frustration yet again (having it taken away was good for my poor clitty, but it felt good having it on as well!). Sara left the vibe attached however. She lent in and kissed me on the lips hard, pressing her tongue into my mouth as I wrestled my own tongue against hers.

"Good slave slut, you didn't cum!" she exclaimed. "But your pussy must be soooooooooooo aching and needy right now, right?" she asked me.

My head tossing wildly as the sensations on my clitoris were driving me insane, I moaned in agreement. Sara laughed and took the vibe away from my pussy, making me beg for her to leave it there. Sara laughed again, and then I felt her slide a ball gag into my mouth, tightening and buckling it behind my head. My cries were now muffled, as were my moans and groans of pleasure and desperation.

Sara traced my outer lips with her tongue, and slowly she parted them and worked her way to my hard and helpless clitoris. Suckling my clitoris into her mouth gently, she gripped it between her full lips and beat her tongue against my clitoris slowly, and grazing the flat part of her tongue against it even slower. My hips tried bucking up towards her face, but she pulled away.

My muffled cry sounded hopeless as Sara was completely quiet. I heard more movement and a buckling sound. Then I had a VERY pleasant surprise. Sara slammed her big, nine inch strap-on dildo into my wet cunt in one thrust, not pausing to let me adjust as she slid back out, then thrusting as hard as she could back into me. My back arched, my toes curled, and the only thing that stopped the police being rung from the volume of my scream was the ball gag in my mouth. My cunt sucked hungrily at the dildo as Sara pushed and thrust into my wet and horny cunt. Sara pinched both nipples hard, making me groan in pain/pleasure. My hips thrust up to meet her as she pushed into me, then without warning she pulled out, making me scream as loud as I could in need and desperation. My hands clenched into fists as I struggled to deal with Sara's nasty teasing.

Next thing I felt was Sara blowing cool air directly onto my exposed anus. Her hot tongue darted out and started poking at my hole, making me squirm helplessly again as my ass was reamed expertly. Sara pulled her tongue away from my wet anus, and slowly and smoothly slid her index finger into my ass without stopping. I groaned and thrashed helplessly in my cuffed state. Sara pumped her finger in and out slowly, finger fucking my ass slowly. Sara added another long finger, then another, and before long I had three fingers furiously pumping in and out of my helpless ass.

"Ok slave, now I'm going to fuck your slutty ass" Sara said.

I groaned again. I felt Sara push the tip of her big dildo against my ass. She pushed in slowly, sliding inch after inch into me as I groaned and squealed into the ball gag. After a few moments, Sara had managed to push the big dildo into my ass and was slowly stroking it back and forth. I moaned with each thrust, and squealed each time she slid it back out.

It wasn't long before Sara had set a fast pace, pushing in and out of my ass while she toyed with my helpless clit, driving me time and time again to the edge of orgasm before stopping all movement completely, leaving me hanging and helpless.

Each time Sara did this she would laugh and pat my tummy. Next thing, I heard beeping in the background, and without warning Sara once more pushed into my cunt. This time however, she did not stop pounding my ass as I got closer, instead she thrust hard into me, then back out, then back in, fucking me roughly. She pinched my clitoris hard as I was being moved. My head spun, my head tossed, my breath caught, and my entire body tensed as an earth shattering orgasm took me over, ripping through my whole body as Sara relentlessly fucked me hard.

I just couldn't take it, I blacked out completely, my last thought that I could remember was Sara leaning forwards and licking my sensitive nipples.

I woke up later and looked up. I realised I wasn't gagged or blindfolded, and I wasn't cuffed either. I was in the bed, Sara next to me with her arms wrapped around me. My body was aching as I turned to look into her eyes. She looked at me before she kissed my lips, fencing softly against my tongue as I slowly frigged her hot pussy until she came on my fingers, watching me lick her juices off, before kissing me again, sharing her juices with her.

She stroked my breasts softly as we nestled to sleep. The last thing I heard before I fell into a VERY, VERY contented sleep was "Happy Birthday Jo".