 Sandy worked a half day that Friday, wanting to get home with enough time to decorate and clean up a bit for the party. She unfurled the big "Happy Birthday" banner and added a few streamers to set the mood. Even though she had given Linda a birthday present of some lingerie and the new bikini a few weeks ago, she carefully wrapped another present for Linda. This was one she knew that Linda would use often, starting with this evening. Sandy set up candles all around the house, patio and jacuzzi. She would wait to light them until it started getting dark in a few hours. She checked her e-mail and was disappointed to see that Terri wouldn't be able to make it tonight. "Oh well," she said aloud, "more Woody for the rest of us!" Then, satisfied that the place looked good, went upstairs to shower and get ready for her guests. 

======

Linda got home from school at three o'clock and went upstairs to her room to change. She sat on her bed, thinking about what she should wear to the party. She had her new bikini in her overnight bag, so that would be something she'd change into at Sandy's house. Linda's nervousness started to build. She was excited, yes. She had not seen Beth in a few months, but knew her to be a vivacious girl who always made her smile. She had never been intimate with her, but knew from Sandy and Woody's stories that she would be someone who would be hot as hell tonight. She was a little more nervous about Woody. She had never even seen a naked man up close, and wondered what she might do. Yes, she had seem him on his webcam, and she had to admit that a penis did have a certain appeal. She just wasn't sure she wanted to be up close and personal with one! She smiled, comfortable that Sandy and she both were open enough to experiment with other situations and people with no jealousy. But Linda's nervousness only increased when she thought about the other attendees' experiences compared to her own. 

Standing at her closet, she sighed. "Shit, I have nothing to wear. Shower time, I guess." She stripped off her jeans, pulled her t-shirt over her head, unsnapping her bra and stepping out of her thong panties. Grabbing a towel to wrap around herself, she crossed over the upstairs hallway to the bathroom. Turning on the shower, she let the water heat up before stepping inside. As she waited, she dropped the towel to the floor and examined herself in the full length mirror. She turned side to side, her long red hair cascading over her shoulders, holding her breasts as she looked at her ass. She thought it was big, but Sandy always called her a "skinny ass." She seemed to like it, Linda thought, so it must be okay. She dropped her hands from her breasts and noticed her pink nipples harden quickly. She always wanted bigger boobs like Sandy's. Linda wore a 34B bra, but sometimes even that was big on her. She had just graduated to the B cup recently, and still wore some of her old bras, which were tight but not still wearable.

Her eyes moved lower to her light red hair that barely covered her mound. "I should trim," she thought. She grabbed the razor as she stepped into the shower. Covering herself with a soft soap, she concentrated on trimming her inner thighs and shaping around her mound, leaving just a light strip of auburn hair over it. Satisfied that it looked even, she finished up her shower and dried off as she wrapped the towel loosely around her body.

Opening the door to run to her room across the hall, she ran right into her sister, Lesley, with a yelp. The towel dropped to the floor, Lesley's eyes couldn't help but look up and down her younger sister's lithe body. Although she still had a thin frame, Linda's body had matured, her hips were prominent now, making her curves very womanly.

"Geez, sis, who was driving that truck?" Lesley said, her eyes still on Linda's body.

"Oh yea, sorry." Quickly grabbing the towel and holding it in front of her, Linda slipped past her into her room, closing the door. Her heart was pounding. 

From outside the door, Lelsey was still giggling. "Date tonight?" she asked through the door.

"Nah, just a party. I'll see you later, Les."

Linda went back to her closet, and dropped the towel. She again peeked at her body in the mirror. She checked her trim job. Spreading her legs wider, she pulled back her outer lips to examine for stubble. Her soft fingers absently stroked her lips, slipping closer to her inner pussy as she looked at herself in the mirror. She could feel a wetness beginning to build. She knew she should stop, but the feeling was too much to resist. She sat down on the bed, her fingers still rubbing over her smooth, newly shaved lips. She felt her clit begin to harden under her palm. Lying back, she closed her eyes and let her mind wander. She imagined Sandy's smooth fingers and lips between her legs. Her fingers started to slide more easily in the wetness she spread over her hardening clit. She made circles around it with her one hand, while the other moved to squeeze her small breasts. A moan escaped her lips.

Lesley cleared her throat. Startled, Linda sat upright her naked body exposed to the world. Lesley was standing at the door. Their eyes met, but for a long minute, no one spoke. Finally Lesley broke the silence. "Um, I was wondering if you wanted to borrow my new silk blouse, I know you liked it." She held the blouse up, but Lesley's squeaky voice betrayed her own excitement. She had been watching her little sister masturbating, and it was something she couldn't take her eyes away from. This was a girl that, it seemed, only a few short years ago was playing with dolls and giggling about silly things. That little girl was gone now, and this young woman had taken over her sister Linda. "I'm sorry, I knocked but I guess you didn't hear me," her voice trailed off.

Linda again scrambled for the towel, clutching it in front of her, unsure what to say. Finally, she composed herself, trying to act normal. "Oh cool, yeah I love that blouse! Can I wear it?" It will go great with my black tights.

"Sure, just don't puke on it!" Lesley tossed it to Linda, and turned to go. "And sorry about the interruption." She closed the door behind her.

"Ah shit," Linda said softly, a sly smile spreading across her lips. "Oh well. I guess that makes up for the times I spied on you playing with yourself." 

==========

Sandy also did a quick shower and shave. She kept herself completely bare, so there was never much stubble. She spread lotion across her now-smooth mound and thought about how the evening would progress. She knew Linda would be there first; she had wanted her to get comfortable before things really got going. 

Her hand moved lower between her legs. She sighed and pulled it away. "Nope, I can't start touching now. Save it all for later." Slipping into a thin bra that just barely held her heavy breasts, she then donned a pair of white lace boy-cut panties. She slid a light pink and blue sundress over her head and, twirling around while checking the mirror, smiled and went downstairs to pour herself a glass of Shiraz. 

==========

Woody arrived home about five o'clock, an hour before the party was supposed to start. He quickly stripped off his work clothes and headed for the shower. The water was warm as he relaxed, soaping his chest and arms, working his way down his body to cleanse off the hectic week. This was going to be a great start to the weekend, he thought. Within seconds, his cock began to rise as he thought about the party. Taking the liquid soap in his hand, he worked it into a lather around his cock and balls. He grabbed the twin-blade razor and began to shave his tight sack, starting from the bottom and moving around it until his tight balls were completely bare. As his shaft thickened, he also shaved the tiny hairs from the base of the pole so that the smoothness of his cock was a stark contrast to its hardness.

Working the soap around the area, his slippery hands stroked his hard-on slowly, enjoying the tingling sensation. The water and soap made the feeling even more pleasurable as his palm slid over the raging shaft effortlessly. He wondered if he should masturbate to completion. Perhaps that would take the edge off. But then, he was hoping for several orgasms tonight. He smiled, thinking how badly he needed it. God, it would suck if he went home with blue balls tonight! He promised himself that would not happen, so he rinsed off and stepped out of the shower. His hard-on still raging, he wondered how he was going to hide the thing. Covering his erection with boxer shorts and cargo shorts, he slipped on a dark blue golf shirt and went to the kitchen to grab a beer and catch up on his e-mail before leaving for Sandy's.

==========

Beth was ready. Her relationship with Kendra was over, she knew it now. She had sort of hoped Kendra would be interested in going with her to Sandy's. When she brought it up last night, Kendra went into a jealous tirade about not wanting to share her with "some old, wrinkly chick." That had finished it. Beth had said some things she probably shouldn't have, but she guessed it was going to come to a head sooner or later anyway. Kendra was way too possessive. Beth never wanted to be in a relationship where things were hidden from her partner, so she insisted that everything was in the open. Well, except for Woody. Beth hadn't brought up the fact that there was going to be a man at this party. She figured that she'd come up with something later to try to explain to the hard-core lesbian Kendra that she was still interested in men... well only sort of. But it didn't matter anymore. She was probably going to get drunk, and she was definitely going to have a good time tonight.

Beth wore a very short white cotton pleated skirt that sat low on her hips, with a black belt, black cotton top and flip-flops. The outfit made her look even younger than her 22 years. The top clung to her curves tightly, the thin bra barely concealing the little bump of her nipples. As she fixed her makeup, she examined the outline of her breasts in the mirror. Her nipples hardened as she thought about what might happen tonight. A smile came across her pretty face as she noticed the bulging nipples now prominent beneath her thin top. "No hiding my excitement," she declared.

=======

Sandy heard Linda's car pull up before the doorbell rang. Holding her wine glass, she swung open the door, a huge smile across her face. "Happy Birthday honey!" She gave Linda a tight hug. "You look gorgeous! Is that a new top?" 

"My sister's. But I think I'll keep it," Linda giggled and stepped into the large living room. "Aww, you decorated for me?" She gave Sandy another hug, and kissed her on the lips, pressing her body into Sandy's ample bosom.

"Oh hon, I could just eat you up right now! But, all things in time. Come help me with the hor'dourves and grab yourself a drink. Remember, no alcohol or you'll have to stay here tonight!"

"I accept the invitation," Linda smiled slyly. They both laughed.

Linda sat at the kitchen counter and watched as Sandy bent down to pull the appetizers out of the oven. Her sundress hugged her body perfectly, and Linda felt that urge between her legs as she gazed at Sandy's round ass.

Before she could act, the doorbell rang again. "I'll get it," Linda said as she bounded off the stool and toward the door. Opening it, she saw Beth standing, legs slightly apart. She looked incredible.

"Happy birthday Linda!" She leaned in to hug the younger girl. 

"Thanks Beth. I'm glad you could come."

"Excited?"

"Um yeah."

"Worried?"

"Well, not really. I mean I'm glad you are here with Sandy."

"Oh I see," Beth understood her reluctance. "Really, don't worry about Woody. It's us girls who are in charge tonight."

Linda led Beth by the hand back to the kitchen, where Sandy gave her a hug and kiss. "Hi sexy! Wow, I love that outfit. Turn around for me."

Beth did a spin, her skirt hiking up even further on her smooth thighs. 

"That's my girl. Delicious!"

"I'm hungry. Let's have some appetizers," Sandy said, turning to the counter.

"Sounds good, who's going to be the first to be eaten?" Beth laughed. They all joined in with nervous laughter.

"Who indeed..." Sandy whispered, as she munched on the mini-wiener. 

Sandy put on the XM radio and the three moved to the living room and each took a seat on the L-shaped couch. Linda sat in the center, Sandy and Beth on either side. They chatted about the day, the latest Hollywood gossip, and who was doing whom in their circle of friends. The conversation flowed easily, and after a few glasses of wine, everyone was pretty relaxed.

Beth leaned back and crossed her legs. Her skirt hiked up her thigh, and both Sandy and Linda's eyes followed the short hemline. Seeing their reaction, Beth laughed. "Aren't we just a couple of horny bitches!" Linda and Sandy laughed too. 

Sandy stood. "I think it's time to get wet," she announced.

Linda looked at her. Beth just laughed. "It's about time you caught up to the rest of us!"

Everyone giggled. "Come on let's change in my room," Sandy motioned to the stairs. Both girls grabbed their bags and headed to her room. Beth sat on the bed, pulling her swim suit out of her bag. Linda stood at the edge of the bed, holding her bikini. Sandy watched them both from the doorway.

"Do you like Linda's new bikini, Beth?" Sandy asked. Beth looked over at the thin fabric. 

"Can't tell until it's on!" With that, Beth slipped her own tight top over her head and quickly unsnapped her bra. Linda just watched the older girl as she undressed. "Well, come on Linda, you too."

Linda started to unbutton her blouse slowly, her eyes still on Beth. Beth, now topless, stood up and bent over, pulling her skirt down her shapely legs. Her perfect ass cheeks were only a few feet from Linda. 

Linda sucked in her breath. Sandy just smiled. 

Beth was now naked. She turned back to Linda, unfolding her bikini bottoms. Linda couldn't help but stare at Beth's very thin strip of dark hair on her mound. She was smoothly shaven all around it. Beth stood still for a moment, allowing Linda to see all she wanted. Sandy thought about how much of a tease Beth could be. But she also knew that she would follow-up on the tease.

Beth slowly stepped into her bikini bottom, pulling it up her silky legs. Linda was still mesmerized, holding her bikini but still with her clothes on. Finally she pulled off her sister's blouse and tossed it on the bed. She slipped the tights down her legs and stood upright, her padded bra and panties still on.

Beth, in just the bikini bottom, moved toward Linda. "Let me help you, hon." She reached around Linda's arms, expertly unsnapping her bra with one hand. As it slipped to the floor, Linda felt exposed and immediately moved her hands over her chest. 

"It's ok hon, we're all friends here," Sandy was at Linda's side, stroking her arms. Linda lowered her hands, revealing her small breasts, pink nipples semi-hard. 

"You have such a sexy body," Beth half-whispered. "Let's see how this looks on you." She took the yellow bikini top and helped Linda into it, the strap going over her head. Sandy arranged Linda's hair behind her.

"I like yours too," Linda said softly, immediately realizing how ridiculous that sounded. Beth moved closer to her, placing her hands on Linda's shoulders. Linda realized she had been staring at Beth's breasts, and so raised her eyes to meet. 

"It's going to be fun. Let's go get wet," Beth smiled.

==========

They finished changing quickly. Sandy was already in her suit, a hot pink 2-piece that flattered her figure very well. Then they all padded down the stairs to the patio. Beth was the first into the jacuzzi, followed by Linda. Sandy turned on the jets, and the three each sat in a corner seat as they relaxed, the water rising over their shoulders with the jacuzzi bubbles. Linda was again between the two.

"Ahh, this is what I needed," Beth said over the din of the jets. "Now I'm nice and wet."

"Me too!" said Linda. And she meant it. Her body was tingling with excitement. She knew that she was already dripping between her legs before they got in the water. The anticipation of what was to come was about to peak, and she was ready. She turned to Sandy, who was gazing at her, smiling. Then Sandy leaned toward Linda, moving across the tub on her hands and knees until she was in front of her. Their faces close, Sandy leaned in and kissed her lips. Linda closed her eyes and sucked gently on Sandy's tongue, feeling her body both tense with excitement even as it relaxed in the comfortable setting.

Beth watched the young redhead girl and the older woman. She too was excited about what was happening. She had never watched two women together in person before. She positioned her body in the jacuzzi so that a jet of water blew up between her legs. The stream of bubbles pressed against her bikini bottom's fabric just enough to make her catch her breath. She moaned lowly as her eyes focused on Sandy's motions.

Sandy held Linda's face in her hands as they kissed deeply. Their tongues mingled together, both of them moaning. Briefly, Linda glanced over at Beth. She saw the sexy girl watching them, sitting under the jets contently. Being on display like that for Beth was even more exciting for Linda. Sandy was such a sexy lady and knew all the spots to hit, but Beth was a new level of sexiness. Sandy's tongue was exploring her mouth as one hand moved behind her head, her other hand dropping to rub her outer thigh. Instinctively, Linda opened her legs wider, allowing Sandy to settle between them, still on her knees. 

Beth's position over the jet was exquisite. Her hunger was growing as she squirmed over the pressing stream of water. She moved her hands up to touch her breasts, feeling her nipples hardening under her thin bikini top. Focusing on Linda and Sandy's embrace, she squeezed her breasts together, moaning as the bubbles continued their pleasure romp between her legs. Her body still under water up to her shoulders, Beth reached up and untied the neck strap of her top, then the back string. She lifted the now-separated top from the tub, tossing it to the patio, smiling at Linda.

Linda didn't miss Beth's motion. She couldn't see her breasts, as they were still hidden by the swirling bubbles all around them. Still enjoying Sandy's kisses and caresses, she moaned even more. Breaking off her kiss, Sandy too glanced over at Beth. Seeing her bare shoulders, she smiled too. "These do just get in the way, don't they," she said as she reached behind her to unsnap her top. She quickly lifted it over her head, her large breasts bouncing free. 

Beth caught her breath. Sandy's large, round breasts were beautiful, with nipples that were huge, hard, and inviting. Beth squeezed her own smaller ones even harder as she squirmed again over the prodding jet of water. Both women looked at Linda, who was now struggling with her own top clasp. Sandy giggled and leaned in to help. Her huge breasts pressed against Linda's tiny ones as she reached around and unsnapped Linda's top, helping her discard it to the side. Linda's milky-white, perky breasts with her small pink aerola and nipples looked lovely to Beth. Sandy's hands quickly covered them as she caressed the young girl. She squeezed the tiny buds between her fingers as they began to harden with her touch.

Sandy again leaned in to kiss Linda. She knew the girl was hot, her eyes were already wild with pleasure as she played with her little nipples and kissed her lips, cheek, and neck. Sandy too was climbing toward her excitement peak. She glanced over at Beth. She knew from experience about that single jet in that spot in the whirlpool and what pleasure it could provide. She was happy that Beth was enjoying it now while she watched Linda and her play. Sandy leaned closer to Linda, her arms dropping around her tiny waist until they rested on her lower back. She gently pulled her small body toward her, causing Linda to press her bare breasts against hers while Sandy's hands caressed Linda's succulent ass cheeks. Kissing her neck, Sandy trailed her lips lower on Linda's body to her upper chest, kissing small circles, moving ever-lower to her young breasts. As she squeezed Linda's ass, she pushed her own pelvis toward hers. Their flat stomach's pressed together as Linda leaned back, giving Sandy access to her breasts. Sandy marveled at Linda's flexibility, remembering how the cheerleader was able to contort her body in ways the older woman could only dream about. 
