 We were newlyweds. We were young and in love. We still thought everything the other person did was ‘cute’. I was sure one day, I’d yell at Andrew to pick up his socks or take out the trash. But back then, I was too excited about the journey we’d begun.

We’d bought a house and were having a great time making it our own personal space. We even christened the front hall closet. The problem was that with such a big purchase, we had no money. A strict budget was established and we stuck to it pretty well. Only, Andrew’s birthday was coming up and I had no idea what to get him. 

“Danielle, I’m going to tell you one – last – time: Don’t get me anything”

“Drew, it’s your birthday. There has to be something you want,” I said.

He looked up towards the ceiling, thinking.

I told him, “Make it good.”

He replied, “Maybe something for the house.”

“Hell no,” I said between laughs. “I am not getting you paint for your birthday.”

“If you insist on spending money, it might as well be for something we really need.”

“Sorry, no power drill. Nice try, though. Birthday presents should be special, personal. What do you want that’s just for you?”

He grabbed me by my waist, pulling me onto his lap. He nuzzled my neck, “I just want you, Danny.” He caressed my breasts as he sucked on an earlobe. 

I kissed my sweet husbands face and told him, “You already have me.”

He put his hands under my ass, lifting me and said, “I haven’t had you on the kitchen table.”

Ok, cross the kitchen table off the list. 

Good fun, but I still didn’t know what to get him for his birthday. I started thinking about what he’d said. “I just want you.” I’d already done the bow around the waist thing. I’d done the sexy lingerie under the trench coat at his office thing. I’d even done the blindfolded, handcuffed, submissive wife thing. What now? I suppose that’s what marriage is about. Thinking of new ways to please your spouse. I gave it some thought and came up with the perfect idea. Dance for him. I had the lingerie. I had the body. Oops, forgot the skills. I decided to do what I was taught in college: research.

I told Andrew I was going to a Book Club Meeting, (he’ll forgive the lie later, I thought) and really headed to a neighboring city looking for a gentleman’s club. I didn’t want a tittie-bar. I wanted this to be a classy, sensuous dance, not just a lot of booty shaking. I found one I thought qualified as classy. It had valet service with tuxedoed attendants. It looked expensive and I wondered how long my cash would hold out. 

I pulled in. I watched as the attendant approached, opened my door and held out his hand. His eyes roamed my body as I slid all of my 5 foot 10 inch self out of the car. He smiled approvingly. I made a mental note to move these jeans to the front of the closet. Shaking his head when I tried to pay him, he said “Good luck on your audition.” I started to correct him, but decided to take advantage of his misperception. I tucked the money in my back pocket, slowly. “Thanks.”

The doorman stood there waiting for me, holding the door expectantly. I hesitated. He saw my nervousness and grinned. “Aw girl, come on. You’ll be fine. Go in there and make that money.” I shook off the nerves said, “I’ll do my best.” Buoyed by saving 30 bucks (10 for valet, 20 for cover charge), I decided to try and enjoy the experience. It was dark and smoky, the bass of the music echoing in my chest. I found a spot near the bar and ordered a long island iced tea. 

The stage lights came on and the dj announced several names as one after the other, half naked, beautiful women stepped onto the stage. I was fascinated. I was also flattered. Those men thought I could be on that stage. The women were very different from one another. Of the five on stage, two were White, one Black, one Asian, and one Hispanic. I gave the club a point for diversity. Some were tall, some short. Some with curves and a full round ass. Some long and lean with small perky breasts. The music started with a driving techno beat. The girls separated to different sections of the stage. The stage had extensions that reached into the audience, five in all. Each dancer had their own section that was surrounded by tables and chairs. The section closest to me featured the Asian woman, Akemi. She was slim, with small high breasts enclosed in a red bra top that laced in the front. She had a firm tight ass with a dragon tattooed above it in the small of her back. Her creamy, honey-hued skin glowed in the stage lights. 

She rolled her hips, running her hand down the side of her body. She squatted down and opened her thighs. The red g-string pulled tight against her fat pussy. She leaned back until her ass touched the stage, her head to the side, her hands arms stretched above her. She writhed, raising her hips to meet the imaginary person fucking her sweet pussy. All the while, keeping her thighs open. It was amazing to watch. She lifted her leg and circled her hips with her ass off the stage. A man approached her. She rolled over to all fours and crawled towards him. When she was close enough, she rose to her knees and began undulating her hips towards his crotch. She came so close, but never touched him. He ran the bill down the side of her neck, between her breasts, across her flat stomach, then tucking it into the waist of her g-string. She winked, rose to her heeled feet and sashayed to the other side of her stage. Her back was to me and I got to see the dragon dance and sway. She was sexy as hell. Her hands were busy in front of her as she dipped and rode the beat. Her top loosened and she let it fall to the floor. She turned around, showing off her hard nipples. She cupped a breast in each hand and leaned back against a pole. She pushed her hips forward and closed her eyes. Rolling her hips, she began to smile. I could imagine her remembering the feel of someone’s tongue on those wonderful nipples. She opened her eyes and saw a man waiting for her at the end of the stage. She moved over to him, bending at the waist. Her breasts were in his face as she shook them. He reached up and flicked the bill against one perfect nipple. She giggled, smacking his hand playfully. She pressed her breasts together trapping the bill within her cleavage. 

I continued to watch Akemi, my new fantasy, and sip on my drink. Some men tried hitting on me. But after a few refusals, I suppose the remainder pegged me as a dick-hating dyke. I watched Akemi and the other women, making mental notes of the outfits, moves, and music so I could recreate it for Andrew. I was lost in my planning when I heard the dj announce there would be a brief intermission and the dancers would return for their solo acts. I figured I had enough information to work with. I gathered my purse, slurped up the remainder of my drink, and waved my hand to get the bartender’s attention. I turned to get down off the barstool and almost ran into Akemi. She had on a red-silk short robe, tied at the waist. She smiled and said, “Leaving so soon?”

“I’m sorry I’ll miss your solo, but I think I’ve got what I came for.” 

“What do you mean, what you came for?” she asked.

“I’m going to dance for my husband on his birthday, and needed to do some research.”

“In that case, you really need to experience a lap dance.”

“Thanks anyway, but I think I’ve seen enough.” I honestly was getting horny. My panties were wet and I’m sure Andrew and I could’ve found some part of that house to christen.

“No, not watch. Experience. I’ll show you how it’s done, by doing one for you.” 

“What about your solo?” I asked.

“I’m done for the night. I just helped out with the ensemble so the stage would be full. I’m yours for as long as you want,” she said with a wink and a smile. She grabbed my hand as I threw money on the bar and followed her. She headed to the rear of the room and down a hallway. She led me to a small room with a loveseat and ottoman on one wall and floor to ceiling mirrors on the other. She closed the door behind us and instructed me to sit. She fiddled with the dimmer switch until the room was a soft, warm cocoon. She put a CD in the stereo built into the wall and slow, sexy jazz was piped through hidden speakers. She moved the ottoman along the wall and took a seat. She removed her lace-up heels. It was feminine and natural, and incredibly sexy. I asked how she could dance in those tortuous things, and she insisted you get used to it.

“Yeah right. I’d kill myself first.” I said.

“Just dance on the balls of your feet. Staying on your toes tightens the muscles in your legs. Here look.” She stood and dropped her robe, turning her ass towards me to demonstrate.

“Akemi, you have a beautiful body,” I told her.

She said, “I noticed you watching me. I got so turned on imagining your mouth on my skin.” She moved forward, pushing my thighs apart with her knees. She undid the laces on her top and let it fall to the floor, freeing her magnificent breasts with the nipples I loved. I involuntarily licked my lips. Akemi smiled and moved closer. Her breasts were at eye level as she moved her ass to the rhythm of the music. She smelled wonderful. Some exotic mix of vanilla and something floral. 

She stayed there a while, gyrating her hips and teasing me with her nipples in my face. I could feel her body heat on my face and neck. The anticipation of physical contact was overwhelming. She turned around and lowered her ass onto my lap. She leaned back and took my hands in hers. She placed my hands on her breasts. I cupped her firm breasts as she held my hands in place. She continued moving her hips, while her arms went behind my head, encircling my neck. I couldn’t resist playing with the perfect buds I’d admired all evening. They were more incredible than I could’ve imagined: tight, long, and sensitive. I squeezed them between my fingers as Akemi pushed her ass into me. I widened my legs to accommodate more of her. She moaned deep in her throat, almost purring. I matched the motion of her hips and felt my panties moisten even further. I wanted to know if I was having the same effect on her. 

I moved a hand tentatively alongside her ribcage past the curve of her hip. I traced figure eights, moving towards her inner thigh. Our hips continued to mold to each other. My hand moved towards her pussy. I moved the wisp of red silk to the side and began caressing the outer lips of her pussy. Her vulva was swollen and slick with her juices. I gently stroked the lips of her pussy, teasing her. She swiveled her hips to the side and put a leg over the arm of the chair. She placed her hand firmly on the back of my head and pulled my mouth to hers. Her lips were soft and moist. She tasted like wine, kissing me softly. Sharing my passion for all things gentle. Her tongue went deeper into my mouth as her kiss became more urgent. I got the hint and inserted my middle and ring finger deep inside her pussy, rubbing my thumb on her clit.

We were content to stay that way for quite some time. Staring into each other’s eyes, me fingering her, she sucking my lips and tongue. She began to buck against my hand and I could feel her thigh muscles clenching. “Mmmm,” she purred. “Cum Akemi. That’s it baby.” She did as instructed and came all over my hand. She kissed my face and apologized for being selfish, “Let me make it up to you.”

She got on her knees in front of me and undid my jeans. I raised my hips so she could coax them off. My thong was next. She leaned down and licked the inside of my ankle, sucking on the protruding bone. It felt incredible. She moved her tongue slowly up the side of my calf and focused on the inside of my knee. I watched in the mirrors on the opposite wall as her ass went up in the air; her pussy red and swollen, dripping with cum.

She traveled to my inner thigh, gently pushing my legs further apart. She took her fingers and spread my pussy lips. She blew soft channels of air on my clit, making the muscles in my thighs jump. She began to suck and nibble on my clit, making it swell. I could smell my own juices, both sweet and salty. So plentiful, they were running down the crack of my ass. She must’ve noticed this because she spread my ass cheeks and licked the warm flow of my pussy’s juice. Then she put her tongue at the base of my pussy’s opening and licked around the hole, nibbling and sucking my lips. She inserted her tongue deep inside my pussy, curled it upward and massaged my g-spot. I began to writhe and moan. She put her fingers on my clit, rubbing hard while she tongue-fucked me. I grabbed the back of Akemi’s head and came on her tongue. She continued playing with my clit as her head came up and she kissed me deeply. I could taste myself in her mouth as ripples of pleasure continued to ravage me. Akemi sat in my lap with her head on my shoulder, placing both legs over an arm of the chair. We held each other in silence as we caught our breath. 

Later, I asked her if she did this with all her customers.

“Very, very few,” she replied. She explained she was a lesbian and women usually don’t frequent the club. I asked about her name. She said it was Japanese for beautiful.

“It certainly fits,” I told her. “You don’t even know my name,” I realized.

“It doesn’t matter,” she said. “You will always be my ‘brown eyes’”

We kissed again as I breathed in the scent of her for the last time. Then, we helped each other dress. And after a warm embrace, Brown Eyes and Beautiful parted without ever looking back.