 My birthday present just walked through the door. She is wearing a black lace teddy and a pair of thigh high lace stockings. She looks good enough to eat and I may try later, but for now I simply watch. 

I know better than to speak. I've been punished for that before. So, I wait. As I watch, she crosses the room and presses play on the CD player. The sultry sound of her favorite R & B singer fills the air as she pauses to light the row of candles I left on the table. 

With that done, she casually flips off the light switch, letting the room take on a soft candlelight glow. I take a deep breath as she turns to face me. She's looking at me with the look I've grown to love. I know how this night will end, but not how we'll get there. 

All I know is I was told to come to this place and wait for her, so I did. And, now she is in full control and I love it. With a smile, she moves to stand in front of me before leaning down close to my ear.

"Don't move," she whispers just before she nips the tip of my ear with the gentlest of touches. "If you move, I'll stop."

Before she moves away, I feel her fingers rake over the side of my cheek and drift down to the soft skin between my breasts.

"Promise me," she orders. "No moving."

I swallow hard as she slides her palm over my nipple, bringing it to attention instantly. 

"I promise."

My voice is harsh and ragged as I try to stay still. I don't want her to stop. In fact, if she stops now, I will lose my mind. So, grip the cushion beneath me with all my strength and wait for her next move. 

"Good girl," she says with a smile. 

I take a deep breath as she licks her lips and takes two steps back. 

"Your birthday present is here," she informs me as she reaches beneath her silky pair of sheer lingerie bottoms. 

She watches my reaction as she takes the time to stroke her smooth lips, once, twice, three times. I gasp as she throws her head back, obviously enjoying the feel of her wet pussy under her fingertips.

At the sound of my gasp, she stops and looks me dead in the eye.

"It's your birthday present, but you can't have it until I unwrap it for you."

I notice her voice is slightly deeper at this point. She's starting to feel the way I feel and I can't wait to see what she has planned next. 

"Remember, you promised not to move," she reminds me as she slowly starts to dance. "No matter what I do, you can't touch me."

I groan. I see where this is going and it will be exquisite torture for me. I just hope I can hold out. Not touching her is going to be one of the hardest things I've ever done. 

The song on the CD player changes and I hear the raunchy sounds of Lords of Acid coming through the semi-darkness. 

She smiles at me with a cute little smirk and straddles me where I sit on the sofa. Her body isn't touching me, but she's only a few inches away as she starts to slowly gyrate and run her hands up and down her side. 

I'm trying, I really am, but if one of her tight little nipples touches me, I know I'm done for. So, I grit my teeth and pray for control as she begins to massage her breasts with both hands. Meanwhile, her hips are moving in rhythm to the sounds of the music and my control starts to slip as she slides her hot center all over my lap.

She's wet. I can feel it through the thin material of her lingerie and the soft cotton of my shorts. That's okay, though. I'm a little wet, too. As she starts to move faster, I lose track of where her wetness starts and mine stops. I want to hold on, truly I do, but if she continues rubbing her hot little pussy all over me, all bets are off. 

I think I might have just groaned because she stops. I didn't move though, so I never broke the rules. I just couldn't help the moan. She's gorgeous and so very talented. Who wouldn't moan? I mean, I'm only human.

Her hands are still working over those beautiful nipples beneath the almost nonexistent fabric of her lingerie but her hips are still.

"If you make another sound, I'll stop," she whispers, licking the corner of her lips as she starts her hips in motion again.

I say nothing, terrified that if I respond, she'll stop.

She laughs at my predicament before slipping her hands off her gorgeous tits. I fight a groan of disappointment, but catch it just in time as she reaches for the drawstring that holds her top in place.

With a quick tug, she releases the tie and slips the top off her shoulders. My heart rate shoots through the roof as her naked chest is exposed to me for the first time. Every ounce of my willpower is forced into play as I struggle with the overwhelming desire to feel those incredible tits roll around under my tongue. 

I force my eyes to hers, begging silently for permission.

"Not yet," she answers, but I see the need in her own eyes. She may still be in control, but not by much.

Without another word, she lifts up off me and stands a few inches away.

I want to cry with the loss, but fight the urge. I'm sure she has a plan. She always does.

"Did you wear what I told you to wear?" she asks.

I simply nod, still afraid to speak.

"Good," she murmurs. Her voice is husky and I think this part of the night is as much for her benefit as it is for mine.

I stay still as she loses the rest of the lingerie. When she is standing naked before me, she begins to dance yet again. I watch through hooded eyes as she gets lost in the music. Her hands roam freely over her toned body as she caresses the places I long to touch.

For a few moments, this is my world. Her erotic dance and the way her hands explore her soft, dark places leave me wet and aching. Without stopping her dance, she looks me in the eyes again. 

"Take it out," she orders. "But, don't move after you do."

I never take my eyes off her slithering form as I unbutton and unzip my cargo shorts. I didn't wear underwear. She told me not to bother. 

Her eyes close briefly as I ease the ten inch strap-on from beneath the fabric of my shorts. She licks her lips as I stroke the shaft once, then twice.

"I told you not to move," she admonishes. With a firm look, she stills her movements and closes the distance between us. "Do it again and I'll have to take action."

My heart races at the thought. For just a moment, I consider challenging her, but she would win. She always does. So, I acquiesce. Without a word, I slide my hand from the fake cock and let it rest beside my thigh, waiting.

"That's better," she says quietly, "Much better."

Her eyes slide to the large cock and I see her pupils dilate. Without another word, she straddles my hips again and begins to slide up and down over my lap and the thick, rubber phallus. Her face betrays her intent as she grips my shoulders for balance. 

I know what is coming, but still I am not able to stop the moan that escapes my lips as she slowly impales herself on the thick rubber cock. She doesn't admonish me because of my lack of control. Not this time.

No, she is too focused on riding that slick cock for all she is worth. Her tits bounce just in front of my lips every time she pumps up and down. I want to taste her, but she's made the rules perfectly clear. If I touch her, she will stop. I know her well enough to believe what she says when she makes those promises.

So, I wait, feeling every thump as her wet lips swallow that huge phallus. She is driving it all the way to the hilt, burying the length of it all the way to the core of her hot pussy and I feel it in the center of my being.

For a few glorious moments, she rides me, completely oblivious to anything but the slick sensations of that thick, hot cock as it fills her completely. I watch her, reveling in the expression on her gorgeous face. I could live in this moment with her forever. 

She is panting now, almost there and finally, finally she speaks.

"Touch me," she hisses between thrusts, "Now."

Thank God.

With a satisfied grunt, I wrap my hands around her waist and guide her up and down on my slippery cock. My grip adds even more friction and for a fraction of a second, I see her open those intense blue eyes.

"Fuck me," she orders, her voice bordering on animalistic.

I learned a long time ago never to deny a lady her request, so I comply wholeheartedly. My hips begin to move with her and I relish the feel of her tits as they press against my chin. With a quick movement, I take her breast into my mouth and latch on to the hard little nipple she's been teasing me with all night.

Her surprised groan tells me she didn't expect that. She's close, I can feel it. Her grip on my shoulders tightens as she begins to move faster and faster. I want to postpone her orgasm, to make this moment last, but she has other ideas. 

With a quick movement, she flips around to face away from me without ever losing her grip on the thick cock pumping inside her hot box. The sight of her working that cock is enough to take me just about as far as I can go without crashing over, so I hold my breath, willing my orgasm to wait. 

She is all muscle and focus as she begins to ride that thick cock in earnest. Her back is slick with sweat and her head is thrown back in ecstasy as she pumps her way to a heart stopping orgasm, complete with twitching, moans, and a shout that sounds somewhat like my name. 

I am in Heaven and she is my guide. 

As soon as I see her start to cum, I lose control. Her pussy is pushing the base of the cock into my hard little clit and it's enough to send me over. As I come undone, I reach for her, my hands circling her torso to find those amazing tits. 

With a handful of nipple, I drop over the edge and cum hard to the sound of her calling my name yet again. 

And, with that, my birthday present is unwrapped and ready to be played with. As she lifts herself gingerly off my lap, I give myself a moment to collect my thoughts and pull her back down to the sofa beside me. 

"Happy Birthday," she says and follows her words with a long, slow kiss. "Told you I had something special planned."

I nuzzle her neck and rest my head on her naked shoulder. 

"That was perfect," I respond. "But, I like to play with my toys a lot longer than that. In fact, I'm just getting started."

Her rich laughter sends chills down my spine as she reaches for my shirt tail. 

"I was hoping you'd say that."

And, with those words, the rest of my birthday becomes a whirlwind of sex and heat. She is my wildfire, hot and out of control. I love her more than anything I've ever known and for the rest of the night I do all I can to prove it. 

I just hope my birthday is this much fun next year.