 I would like to thank MistressJoanna for all her help! My story wouldn't be as good without her.

*****

Susan was standing in front of her bedroom window looking out, smoking a cigarette. The light that reflected off her nude body enhanced her beauty even more. The mix of shadow and light gave her an artist look that you would see in erotic photography. She usually only smoked after sex, and now she needed one badly after spending the day with her new lover.

(***)

Susan glanced over at Amber asleep in her bed, wore out from all the sex they just had. After fucking last night, she returned the next morning and Susan could tell what she wanted. Amber's white shirt was almost translucent, revealing stiff nipples and showing off her young smooth midriff. The shorts she had on push her already hot look to sexy as fuck. She wanted to fuck again and didn't quite know how to go about it. Dressing sexy was all she knew to do.

Susan had let Amber in and sat her on the couch, watching her squirm trying to get out why she was here. She spoke in a voice that was both scared and excited. "I got till six tonight before my parents return. I was wondering...If we could do... it again. You know... like last night." Susan found her adorable in her flustered state, and had smiled widely.

Susan liked to sleep in the nude and was wearing a sexy pink kimono robe. It was nine on a Sunday and she usually didn't get dressed until around ten or eleven. She liked to walk around without the restraint of her bra on. Sunday was her one day she can rest and enjoy her boobs being free.

Susan's job had been taxing on her love life lately. Being too busy to go out, it had been a month since she had a good fuck. Falling back to a vibrator in the bath was her only relief. Susan's lovers were usually around their mid-twenties, so she was pushing it a little having sex with a high schooler. Amber was at the legal age to fuck but the real problem was that they were neighbors. If her mother found out she had fucked her sweet daughter, there would be hell to pay. Susan found the pleasures she was having with Amber was worth the risk. She was going to keep enjoying her for a while before she found a girl her own age.

Susan didn't want to waste time beating around the bush and gave her a simple reply, "If you want it come and get it!" Letting Amber know she had to make the first move. Amber walked to Susan and sat on her lap looking into her eyes before kissing her. Feeling Amber's nervousness fade away in her kiss and becoming more confident in her actions. Amber fumbled with the tie of her robe before getting it undone and sliding her hands in. Susan moaned, Amber's crafty fingers squeezed her breasts and played with her nipples.

Amber leaned back, breaking the kiss, and grabbed the hem of her shirt, pulling it over her head and tossing it a side. Susan attacked Amber's breasts with passion and hunger before the shirt was even gone. Amber closed her eyes and let out a low moan, pulling Susan in for another kiss and falling back into the couch. Grabbing Susan's breasts Amber went to one then the other sucking on them.

Susan could tell that Amber was learning fast how to please a woman. Amber got off of her lap and knelt in front of her, kissing her inner thigh slowly, moving up. Feeling the orgasm beginning to grow she spread her legs allowing Amber more room. The tongue was licking her pussy and making her juices flow and was hitting all the right spots. There was no way of denying it that Amber was a natural at eating pussy. If she was this good after one day, in a week she would be a master. Biting her lower lip Susan grunted and moaned deeply. Feeling the orgasm coming at her like a freight train and slamming into her.

Amber kept licking her pussy, giving her two more orgasms, just as powerful as the first. If she didn't push her away Amber would have kept going. Catching her breath with a heavy inhale of air, Susan could feel herself almost passing out. "Fuck! You are getting really fucking good at that!"

Seeing pride in Amber's eyes and her juices covering her face, Susan pulled her in for a kiss.

Susan wanted to fuck Amber to a screaming fit but needed to wait until her strength returned. There was one thing she wanted to do before that. Amber needed her pussy shaved. It didn't take long to talk her into it. Taking Amber to her bed where they had more room, Susan gathered the things she needed from the bathroom. Coming back in time to see Amber sliding her shorts off, swaying her hips as she hopped on the bed. This made Susan squeal with delight and drool over this young girl's body.

Susan thought Amber didn't know how sexy she really was and was sure there were a few girls in her school who wanted to fuck her. High school had a few closet lesbians that were too afraid to experience it until college. Monica on the other hand slept with two of her classmates and wasn't afraid to take risks. She wondered whether Amber would turn out like Monica; leaving school with a few notches in her belt.

Shaving Amber's pubes didn't take long and rubbing lotion on afterward made her moan. Approving

of her new look, Susan smiled and couldn't wait to devour it. She threw her robe in the corner of the room and took Amber's hand for one last step, leading her to the shower. Placing the shower head over and spraying warm water on Amber's freshly shave pussy made her whimper. Moving it to the right spot erupted the cubicle in to loud groans. This was a good trick and the girls who discovered this had a better shower time. Susan only did this long enough for Amber to get really horny and then stopped.

Amber begged Susan to let her cum. Grabbing her hand, Susan lead Amber back to the bed in a delirious state of lust. Every kiss and touch she gave, Amber let out feverish moans. Taking a nipple in her mouth, Susan sucked on it before placing soft kisses down and across her belly, to Amber's shaved pussy. The lower she went, the more Amber squirmed and rocked her hips. Licking down the slit of Amber's pussy sent shock waves of pleasure through her. She teased Amber by kissing around her quivering love canal before letting her have the release she desperately needed.

Amber's pussy was full of delicious juices that Susan drank down. It didn't take long for a powerful orgasm to hit with three smaller ones following soon after. Amber's moaning cries went on for a while; loud at first then a low pitch moan. Susan could feel Amber's body starting to shake and went into uncontrollable spasm. Crawling beside Amber they took a nap in each other arms.

They repeated their love making a few more times that day until Amber fell asleep. Needing a cigarette, Susan took one from top of her dresser and lit it up as she walked toward the window. The way she was standing she could see out but no one could see her. The only person she saw at this hour was Cindy that lives down the street walking her dog. She always thought Cindy had a great ass but unfortunately was married to a jerk.

(***)

Susan hadn't felt this alive in a long time. The last time she spent a day like this was with her first girlfriend many years ago. She wasn't the one that broke her lesbian virginity but the first woman she ever loved. Susan stared at Amber's beautiful face and drifted back to the time when she was young like her. She was 19 and in college. The place she was living at only lasted six month before she was kicked out. Susan's roommate wanted an old friend to move in and she had to go.

Susan had found herself in a tight spot and needed to find a place fast. Searching the whole day to find a few available places. They were really bad ranging from unsafe living area to a guy renting a small annex behind his home. It was nice and was in her budget but he kept looking at her tits the whole time. He gave off this vibe that he was one of those perverts that would raid her panty drawer when she was out. She had two days left and couldn't find a good place to live.

It was looking grim until she found a place in a good area that was a few minutes drive to school, rent was at a good price, and the best part was it wasn't being rented out by a guy. Wanting to jump on this she called and set up an interview at noon. This was the moment she first met Monica and her lover at the time Mary. They were up front about being lesbians and threw parties at times.

"I figured we'd do better getting this out of the way now, so we won't waste each others time. If this is too much for you then we better end this interview now." Susan was an open minded person and not judgmental about people's life choices. "I am ok with you two being gay as long you are ok with me being straight." They got her meaning and went on with the interview. They liked her and told her she could move in tomorrow.

The first week was little weird for her, expecting them to hit on her or something but nothing happened. She realized her expectations were based on how guys acted. Letting those expectations go allowed her to become comfortable with them. The majority of the time, the fact they were lesbians never crossed Susan's mind.

A month passed before Mary wanted to throw a party. Mary's parties were like any other but with few differences. The music was never loud like those high school ones, where you must scream to make a whisper. Mary always had light jazz playing in the background to give the atmosphere the right feel. She served only wine and some delicious finger food. The party invites went out only to their lesbian friends.

Mary let Amber know she could join in the party if she wished. Susan thought it wouldn't be a bad idea but had a test she must study for. She figured their friends would be well behaved like them. Once they found out she wasn't gay they would leave her alone. Men never got the hint and kept trying. Susan decided if she can find the time she would go and join them.

The day of the party had arrive, Susan figured she had time for a shower and needed a break from studying. Hoping to be done before the party started and avoid being seen walking around in a towel. Susan's room was between the stairs and the bathroom down the hall. Can be in and out without being seen. The water felt great on her body and she soon felt her tensed muscles relax.

After getting out the shower she heard a faint sound of jazz music. She figured it was a good time to go downstairs for a glass of wine and socialize for five minutes. Wrapping a towel around her, she headed back to her room.

She opened the door and then closed it again feeling a surge of panic hit her. There were two woman in the hall talking. They hadn't seemed to notice her, being too busy in their conversation. She would've felt much better wearing clothes beside this towel. She realized she was overreacting and tightened the towel around her more before re-opening the door and stepping out.

Susan glanced at them for a moment before lowering her eyes to pass them. They both looked at her with keen interest but one of them caught her eye. To this day the redhead was forever imprinted in her mind. She wore this sexy black mini dress with thigh-high stockings. The dress had a deep cleavage gap showing her nearly perfect boobs. The redhead was so stunning that it made her heart skip a beat and she went light headed. Her mouth went dry and she had a hard time concentrating. No woman ever made her react in this way before and she wanted to flee but her legs were frozen in place. They blocked her path and before she could regain control of herself, she looked up at the redhead and was instantly hypnotized by the most beautiful emerald green eyes she ever saw. They held her in place and she could feel her body warming up.

The redhead never broke eye contact with her, almost like she was searching for something in her. Hearing her speak in a voice that was both alluring and hypnotic. "Hi! I'm Kristen and my friend is Sam. What's your name?" Feeling herself falling into a trance, she heard herself reply, "Susan."

Kristen spoke again making her fall deeper under her spell. "That is a pretty name for a very beautiful girl! I bet you have a gorgeous smile as well. Go ahead and show us how gorgeous it is." Susan started to feel flush and flashed her best smile. Not fully understanding why she is acting like this or feeling the need to obey her odd requests. She continued to stare into her eyes, feeling her resistance being sapped away. "Susan that is a gorgeous smile!" Feeling Kristen tracing the top part of her breasts with her finger as she spoke, "I just got to ask, are your tits gorgeous too?" Susan's mouth opened in shock. "I bet they are marvelous. why don't you show us how fabulous your tits are." Kristen cooed.

Susan couldn't believe this woman, this sexy as fuck woman was talking to her like that. In her state of shock, she let loose of the towel and felt it becoming less snug, barely held in place. She was happy it didn't fall off and was about to fix it. Kristen pressed her finger in the center of her chest and moved it slowly down the gap of her breast to the loosen the towel. Losing the ability to breathe or speak, Susan could only watch in horror as her only protection slid off her body, revealing every inch of it.

The fresh air on her breasts and the towel rubbing against them made her nipples hard as it continued falling. The towel caressed her ass then her legs and it felt like eternity before it landed around her feet. Susan's heart was beating heavy from this turn of events. She didn't try to cover up and the reason surprised her. Part of her wanted to hear her say that she was gorgeous.

Susan couldn't fathom why she cared so must about what she thought. She wasn't gay, she couldn't be gay because she liked cock. She tried to tell herself she didn't really care. A voice in her head spoke, "If that was true then why are you not covering up? You could easily grab the towel and walk away to end this. You want her seeing your tits and you are enjoying this." She couldn't lie to herself and felt her pussy getting a little moist.

"Susan, your tits are breath-taking! Isn't that right Sam?" Hearing a voice that seemed to come down from a long tunnel. "Sure is and I love her hard nipples!" She was right, her nipples were hard to the point of aching. Susan found herself wanting to run but this enchanting redhead somehow had power over her. There was something about those eyes. If Kristen tried kissing her she would be powerless to resist her. She realized she probably wouldn't, but deep down she wanted it to happen.

"I'm a boobs girl myself but Sam here is more of a pussy kind of gal. She can spend hours on a pussy making it purr. Giving her lover orgasm after orgasm till passing out. Have you ever had your pussy licked by a professional?" Feeling blood rushing to her face and pussy as her words were turning her on, Susan stood there flushed and confused, rambling off incoherent words and ending it with a no.

"That's sad! Sam show her what she has been missing!" It took her a moment for it to sink in what she was saying. Susan started to tremble when she felt hot breath on her pussy and hands slightly pushing her legs apart. Leaning back into the wall that was inches from her for support. It was happening and she didn't have the power to stop it. She felt her pussy open up and her juices oozing out. "Oh Kristen I think this may be the most beautiful pussy I ever saw!"

Sam eased her tongue in, letting her taste buds absorb the juices. Sam's tongue may be little but it always hit the mark. When she found her clit, she gave a little tug as she sucked on it. Susan tried to hold in her moans by biting her lower lip. Not able to hold back anymore, she unleashed the floodgate of moans that filled the hall, echoing down the stairs.

Lost in her moans she couldn't hear the words Kristen was saying to her. Clenching her hands into a fist and feeling her knuckles turn white as her knees go weak. Getting lost in the pleasure, she held her eyes shut and made noises she only faked before. "Mmmm...ahhh...mmmm..fuck!" Feeling herself fading away in ecstasy, she realized she was being called back to reality. "Open your eyes Susan and look into mine as you cum."

She obeyed, and looked into Kristen lustful eyes, the cause for all the trouble. Sam's tongue technique was beyond any mans skills. A good hard cock could make her cum but this was light years better. Sam moved her tongue around like a snake giving Susan waves of deep pleasure. Susan couldn't help but rock her pussy against Sam's mouth. Grunting loudly like a beast wanting it to go on forever. Susan was burning hot with lust and beads of sweat were glistering her body. Biting her lip again before squealing and moaning loudly. When she came hard from her first real orgasm her vision blurred and multiple little ones hit her. Susan's legs lost the power to work and she slid down the wall.

Susan's eyes were glazed over as if in a trance. Kristen got her to do things she wouldn't normally do. No man had made her cum like that before. Kristen had this look of pride on her face from seducing a straight girl. Not caring anymore, Susan stood on wobbling legs and pulled Kristen into a kiss. Kristen returned the kiss with the same passion and aggressiveness that was given to her. Holding onto Kristen's neck, Susan enjoyed her tongue dancing inside her mouth. Kristen's hands went to her ass and started rubbing it.

Breaking the kiss Kristen asked her, "Which one is your room?" After telling her it was the last one on the left she grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the room. "Sorry girls but the show is over with," came from her grinning lips. This made Susan question her statement with bewilderment. She finally understood when she was halfway in her room. At the end of the hall on the stairs were a group of women watching. She felt foolish letting herself be seduced in the open like this. How long were they out there and how much had they seen? From the look in their eyes it was everything.

In the group she saw Monica and Mary's faces enjoying her transformation. Sam followed behind them closing the door and whimpering sounds followed by the women on the stairs. Kristen stated, "I am going make this very clear to you. I'm going to fuck you and make you cum so much harder! First you have to do something for me." Susan mumbled, "What is it?" Kristen gave her a mischievous smile. "For starters you can help me out of my dress." Kristen turned around and kicked off her heels. Susan's hands shook with so much excitement the zipper fell from her fingers. Taking a deep breath and trying again she unzipped the dress.

The dress slid down Kristen's body as if they were lovers hands caressing her perfectly smooth skin. Kristen turned around showing two lustful breasts with perky nipples and eyes telling her to go on. Kneeling and sliding the first stocking down and touching her leg gave her a thrill. She took longer with the second stocking to enjoy the sensation longer. Black lace panties was all that remained and with anticipation, she slid them off. Susan was only inches from her trimmed heart shape bush and could smell a intoxicating aroma bewitching her senses.

Kristen stepped back and walked to her bed swaying her ass with each step. Sitting on her bed leaving a little gap between her legs. Susan didn't need to be told what she wanted and crawled to her. Feeling more like a wild cat strolling to its meal, Susan spread Kristen's legs apart to dive her tongue deep inside her. Holding onto Susan's head with one hand and keeping her balance with the other, Kristen called out, "Mmmm...girl...mmmm...I knew you were a...mmmm... closet lesbian. I knew you...mmmm...wanted...ahhh...ohhh...to fuck...meeeee!" Kristen's body erupted in a powerful orgasm and she ground her pussy in to Susan's face, smearing her juices over it and feeling it sliding off her chin.
