 Carol, my best friend, is a lesbian and she knows that the idea of it all really turns me on. She and her girlfriend Susan are into threesomes and me and her often discuss what they get up to. I love to hear about it. It gets me so horny. Usually I wait until she’s gone to make myself come. Once or twice, when we were drunk, we’ve masturbated together while she describes her threesomes, and while I tell her my fantasies. Susan knows about it, and we all get along really well. 

My birthday was coming up and I was going to their place for a meal as usual. This year we’d made a pact. None of us were to have an orgasm for two weeks before we were going to meet up. I knew that they must be planning something for me, and my mind ran wild with images and scenarios. I get horny very easily, so it was hard to keep the pact with all these things running around in my head. I masturbate quite often so it was going to be tough. 

Another deal we had made was that I was to take the bus, instead of a taxi, and that I should not wear underwear. As this was another of my fantasies I was keen to oblige.

My birthday dawned and as I laid out what I was to wear I was getting so horny that I almost touched myself there and then, but somehow I managed to restrain myself. During the day I found myself so horny that my cunt was actually wet by the time I got into the shower.

I got dressed. I put on a tight, thin top and a short skirt, and of course had no bra or panties. I put my shoes on and headed for the door.

I got the bus from round the corner and, feeling very self-conscious. I headed upstairs and to the back of the bus. I settled myself in a corner and tried to look inconspicuous. As the bus filled up I was forced to move my bag to let a woman sit next to me. 

The bus pulled away and more of my fantasies whirled through my head. My phone rang and it was Carol, checking I’d kept all my promises.

“Yes I have,” I said, “But it wasn’t easy! You know what I’m like!” I was talking in code but she knew exactly what I meant.

“And are you “going commando” like we said?” she asked.

“Yes that too.” I answered, squirming slightly.

“I bet you’re feeling so hot and horny right now, aren’t you?!” she teased, already knowing the answer.

“You know I am!” I whispered, trying not to sound too out of control.

Carol laughed. She started to tell me about the last time she and Susan had come together, and how they were both horny having not had orgasms for two weeks. As she talked my thighs parted slightly, and my left leg brushed lightly against the leg of the woman sitting beside me. I glanced her and smiled, trying to look relaxed, but knowing I was flushed. She smiled back, and rested her hand lightly on my knee.

My head pounded. So did my cunt. I continued to listen to Carol as she went into more detail, and as she talked my thighs parted more. The woman’s hand slid down onto the inside of my thigh and squeezed. By now I was so hot that I could feel my juices oozing out. She moved her hand up my thigh until it rested just below my pubic hair. By now Carol was in full swing and I could tell that she was as desperate as I was for release. Like me, I knew she wouldn’t break our pact!

The woman’s hand moved up under my skirt and she cupped her hand over my hot cunt. I almost cried out at her touch. I bit my lip and stared out of the window. Carol was saying that she was looking forward to seeing me, and that she had to go. I barely heard her. All my attention was focused between my legs. The line went dead and I realised that she had rung off. I put my phone away and turned back to the window, leaning my flushed cheek on the cool glass.

The woman started to rub her palm over my cunt and I squirmed. As she moved her hand back and forth she let her middle finger drop and slide between my wet lips. I was fighting back a moan when she slid her finger over my slit and up over my aching clit. I grunted, but managed to turn it into a cough. No-one looked round!

By now my cunt was really dripping. I felt bad about the seats for a moment, but the finger on my clit was what I was really concerned about.

It felt so good, and it was a dream come true. I needed to come and I was getting close. But what about the pact? I felt the muscles inside twitch and I knew I had to stop her before it was too late. Fortunately, the bus was pulling up to her stop. She withdrew her fingers. I let out a deep sigh. She got up, smiled at me and left. I was relieved that I hadn’t broken the pact, but I was more horny that I had ever been before! I closed my legs, much to my discomfort, and gathered up my bag ready to get off at the next stop.

Finally the bus arrived at my stop, and I got off. 

I walked up to Carol’s door, each step making my cunt feel bigger and wetter. I rang the bell and she answered.

“You made it then?” she smiled.

“Only just!” I panted. 

“Why only just? Did the bus break down?!” she asked as she poured me a drink.

“Oh, I thought you meant the pact! No the journey was fine!” I answered, feeling flustered.

“Whatever!” she laughed. “Sit down, make yourself at home.”

I sat down and took a sip of my Bacardi and coke. What I really wanted to do was go into the bathroom and finish what the woman on the bus had started. I cringed a little as I realised what I had let a complete stranger do to me, but at the same time I wanted to be back on that bus!

Carol and Susan joined me in the front room and we chatted and drank. I felt so flushed, but if I was they didn’t mention anything. I knew they had both noticed that I had no panties, as promised. Each time I moved my legs I saw them look at my skirt and, albeit subtly, they would glance at my thighs. This in itself was turning me on again. I could see that they were both bra-less and horny. Their nipples were erect and showed clearly under their thin tops. I wondered whether they had been teasing each others’ tits before I’d arrived. The thought made me squirm again.

“I think it’s time for food!” announced Carol, and we moved to the dining room. Susan brought out the plates of food and we helped ourselves. The food was delicious, although I was not really concentrating on it.

As we ate we talked, and as we talked I took the opportunity, being hidden under the table, to part my thighs again, and to let the cool air soothe my almost painfully aroused cunt. I was seated between Carol and Susan, and to my surprise and delight they each placed a hand on whichever of my thighs was nearest to them. 

They massaged and caressed my inner flesh while we continued eating and talking. They moved up and down my legs, getting closer and closer to my wet and aching slit, but stopping short of my mound, as the woman had done earlier.

Susan went into the kitchen to get the dessert. Carol took the chance and cupped her hand over my cunt. She rubbed her palm lightly across my burning flesh as I squirmed.

Susan returned and we started to eat again. They both returned to teasing my inner thighs as we ate the rich gateau and cream.

Carole left to get the coffees. This time it was Susan who took over where Carol had left off. She dipped her finger between my lips and moved it back and forward, just outside my slit. As the kettle boiled so did I as Susan’s finger slid up and over my desperate clit. She flicked it gently a few times before Carol came in with a tray. She withdrew her hand and we moved back to the front room. 

I sat in the armchair and expected the other two to sit opposite me on the sofa as they had earlier. Instead they came towards me. Carol knelt in front of me and Susan went behind the chair.

Susan reached round my head and slid her hands down over my tits. My nipples grew erect straight away and I shut my eyes. I felt Carol’s hands on my knees, urging them apart. They needed no urging, and they parted readily. As Carol licked and kissed my inner thighs I allowed a groan to escape my lips - a groan which had been building up all day.

Susan reached down and pulled my top over my head. The cool air hit my nipples and they peaked even more. She slid her hands back up to continue teasing them, She circled them for a while without touching them until they ached with need. Then she moved her finger tips over them so lightly that I could hardly feel it. It was, however, enough to make my cunt muscles twitch.

At this signal Carol started to move her mouth up my legs, kissing and nibbling as she went. She lifted her face away and reached up to undo my skirt and slide it down over my hips, and off, dropping it on the floor. Now, of course, I was completely naked. 

As Susan continued to tease my tits Carol put her head back between my thighs. I parted them as much as I could, inviting her in. She slowly worked her way up until, finally, her mouth reached my mound. I prepared myself for her mouth on my cunt and clit. Instead, she moved to the top of my cunt and flicked her tongue over my vee. This drove me so wild that I started to moan and writhe my hips, urging her mouth to where I needed it most.

Susan was by now ignoring my nipples and was working on the rest of my tits, moving her fingers within a millimetre of my nipples but never touching them. 

Carol moved her mouth back down and planted a gentle kiss on my sex lips. This was almost more than I could bear and I cried out. She placed her open mouth on my slit and started to lap at my cunt. The juices gushed out and into her mouth as I groaned and writhed around her tongue. She pointed her tongue and probed it in and out of my aching cunt.

My inner muscles were starting to contract and I could feel my first orgasm in two weeks start to build.

Susan moved her fingers back over my nipples and my orgasm began to take over. I moaned and squired to their touch, turned on even more at the realisation that I was being pleasured by two women. 

Carol continued probing me with her tongue, and with her finger started to flick and tease my clit. She circled it and rubbed it, gently at first then harder. I let out a cry and came harder than I ever thought possible. The orgasm went on for what felt like a long time, and when I finally started to subside I opened my eyes. 

I looked down at Carol’s head between my legs and started to come again as her tongue thrust in and out, drinking my juices. My second orgasm was over quickly, and they slowly withdrew their hands.

I sat there, panting. They smiled at me and at each other. They moved to the sofa together and teased each others tits and cunts, each desperate for release. As I watched them I felt another orgasm build, and I placed my hands between my thighs and moved my fingers in and out of my cunt, and over my clit. This time we all came together.

“Happy Birthday!” panted Carol.

The rest of the night was as good as it had started, and I knew I would always remember my 21st birthday!